 that wants to say that my plan failed and that I will be surely dead but if I managed come back to the beginning of all this history it is well possible that I reach has to save it 13 years earlier Evan ! one goes has new to be late since when you worry about to arrive has the hour hasthe school one hangs our drawings for the similar evening students reassure you you will have well enoughtimes you believe that it will be the dad ? you know the response I believe ! what it to go out only for once go ! we talked about that hundreds of times this is too dangerous for him but Lenny said that there would be his father ! and Tommy and Kelly it them ok I understood ! I am not so bad isn 't that right ? no ok ! pass a good day , I like you I will pass to take you all has the hour ! I must spin bye ! bye ! madam Treborn , I need to speak to you one will speak tonight I am not some advances for my work and I ... I believe that you must came to see this Tommy leave quiet Lenny ! otherwise I will send you in the office of Mr Voyteck ! I had the intention to show it to the principal one but I believed wise of you to do itto see before what is this that this is ? yesterday I asked the children to doa drawing on this that they want to dolater they have all or almost drawn this that their parents do , but that ! I do not understand Evan drew that ? I then to take this drawing ? well on ! euh .. there is other madam Treborn , that embarrasses me of talk about you that what there has it t ? when I questioned it appropriate drawing and well ... it did not remember to have done it I do not have does not envy of there to go I do not like this place mom , that gives me hen flesh I promises you of not never moreto do of bad drawings , I promises it to you all is well to happen , it wants just do some tests , this is all ! you will like it this is well remain as that said me that it did not inherit of the disease of his father I am on that the tests will reveal themselves negative but it there was able to be a manner to improve the evan memory nothing of the all anewspaper done to take for him some note this that it does everyday that would serve to what ? that can help has to stimulate his memory and see so something else returns him the following day the results will not be the before some days one will see then itself that one will do ok today mom takes me to play with Kelly and Tommy I will meet their father and see this that this is a true dad great ! has one of the these days ! Evan ! Evan what do you with this knife ? what itself is it passed ? cherished ! what did you with this knife ? I not myself in remembers more good day Andrea ! Georges ! good day my small one ! descends ! thank-you Georges not any problems Don 't show my number has the hospital to the case or there would be a problem and .. please hold the has the eye because it is .. done not do you no concerns , I amon what one goes well to have fun itself a small one ! ? go ! be wise Evan I like you ! good-bye ! good-bye Georges ! go ... go go in the garden catch ! Evan Evan ! my father bought an all new one movie camera and it will film us as to the movies it is true Evan and you ! you will be the star I believed that it was me the star ? hey ! that you do I have says ? Good ! Evan you must do the promise your bigger one and your more great one of the promises what that will remain our secret to all you believe that you some are capable ? are for you a good ptit ! does what happen ? or is one ? calm you fiston remain quiet I was elsewhere there is an instant how did I arrive here ? stop doing the feeble deep one , or I telephone has your mother and I relate for him that you drove yourself as a small salopard ! Kelly Kelly what did it happen ? the good new one , this is that the results are negative I do not see the least sign of wronged , of hemorrhages or of tumeurs but you have none the less an idea of this that it happens ? my alone hypothesis this is that .. itself of the conscience losses linked to thestress but it has only 7 years at last said me has which stress a child of thisacts can be submitted ? for example that causes to him can be big problems of not to know his father it had his last memory hole then what it was with the father of its class friends ben .. there already is a moment that itasks has to see his father and I have all does for him to remove that of the spirit that is worth the blow to try Andrea one can organize an overseen encounter a preventive dose of sedative has Jason a good security Evan returns for him him small visit , and if we are lucky ? this absence complex paternal will disappear April 15 I will meet my father today it is called Jason and it is crazy this would be that it leaves me him to say dad this is here that lives my father ? not in this wing but in another section if your father seems a little gone to sleep this is atcauses of its medicines agreed ? agreed that will take only a small moment agreed ? do not n 'ais fear I do not risk biting you you already saw me in not true photo ? mom says often that one has the evento smile and also the hair Ilike you he must die c ' is the alone solution jason ! no ! no ! this is finished , is not fear my dear it seems poorly in not at all , bring a stretcher quickly ! I am grieved Evan in the certain and inevitable hope of the résurrection has eternal life , we confide has God , our brother Jason what God blesss it and the welcome has its quotations , what God surrounds by it his light what in his big mercy itis pity of him , and brings himpeace amen 6 years later this is not true or it stashed it ? it was somewhere by the Tommy one does oneself to dump as rats , you in have for a long time ? ok that do you look for in any case ? your mouth the big one ! eh you two await a little good god ! this is here somewhere it is necessary them to screw the camps if it surprises us in the process of smoking here , dad will kill us good , let us pull we I was on that dad stashed of thedestroys one will do to jump a thingto laugh has you to play my big one then it you dream I refuse to touch has that oh that so big bacon , if this we was quiet go again pee in your seasons and all to relate drop I know your horse-gear , regardes as the wick is short , this is me that will jump not necessarily and voila ! you have at least won 2 minutes with that this is too kind oh no of a dog Lenny dispatch you big dumb thank you have you really couilles the big one merde ! you some put time get up you does what take you ? Evan dispatch you to help me hasto raise it Evan swarm you to return here and helpme has to raise it what did it happen , or let us are we ? oh my god that did one ? Evan comes to help me quickly ! oh my god , this is not possible it is good let us go there Lenny that do it have you arrived ? this is not nothing it did not suffer , all is well to happen what does it have why it does not speak ? it is in condition to shocks what there is ? what that it this is passed ? one did a hut in wood when suddenly it did a crisis all was well then it fell in the apples ! ... this is well that hein ? What that it himself past Evan ? the truth ! I not in knows nothing , I not some remember does not be said me that it not himself nothing passed , these malaises do not arrive as that I notknows not I have a black hole you not yourself some go out while using your black holes , not this time this is not movie ? inspire expire and relaxes you you are completely put to sleep relaxed I want you to take me in wood with Lenny this day it imagine that this is a video what you can lean on pauses rembobiner or pass to the slowed down all the details that you want you understand ? yes or is you now ? I hold quoted myself Kelly , I have the hands on its ears you do for him poorly ? no , I protect it to the opposite ok , now I ask youin advance in the time what do you see ? I see a car yes Evan ... . describes me this car continuous you have not nothing has to fear do not forget that you are located in a film you are completely in security I cannot the car disappeared , I find lengthened myselfin the foret essays to remember you of this car Evan , it is just the film that is broken in your head speak me of this car ? I cannot ! she approaches does an effort Evan ! continuous she approaches oh my god ! I will count until ten and you go out of your sleep what done you ! ... with in memory all that of which spoke us interrupt the meeting quickly ! 1 ... you begin has to awaken 2 .. your eyelids are less heavy ! 5 .. 6 .. réveilles you ! 9 .. 10 .. lord ! what itself is it passed ? that worked ? thank-you mom has all has the hour if you do not stop doing this enterrement head one will suspect us saw you the looks that that mother threw to you all on time ? grieved some does ! do not want you meto relate this that it happened with this wood to the letters ? especially do not notify you more to say an aloneword the over ... . more never ! let us go there ! does that go ? no of a dog look at me this grease pile big one let us nest as the mother of Lenny the stupid poor farm ! this is has not you that I speak I excuse myself Kelly this did not be a good idea you do not remember really any all this what it happened ? are you lucky you know ? listen all will finish very well Lenny goes itself in to put back you will see grieved this is not any your fault the mother of Lenny believes that one is guilty of itself that arrived and she said it has our father your father your does that ? I deserve again 100 times worse what do you relate this that you deserve this is a better father and a better brother they do not stop belittling you you do not return counts how much youare darling Kelly good god of merde that do you screw ? I buy pop corn and you that is this What you crazy ? oups ... .. ( In returns not that it is done that ) ( It is funny no ? ) ( but why you yourself always drives as an idiot ? ) ( are you that a small gutter snipe ) ( saw you itself glided flight ? ah this is really a swelling ) stop ! stop hitting it ! this is what your problem ? to the relief please ! that suffices small , crazy the camps of here ! put on file the outside ! put on file the outside ! during afternoons the small community of Brayer villewas deeply overturned has the continuation of an act of horrible vandalisme well that the police the New York state thinks that it be not a matter what of a bad joke that has poorly turned the tragedy clearly afflicted the community veiled the grue some result of this powerful explosion probably caused by an unknown quantity of destroys the police has not or track , or suspicious , and any mobil ... . good evening ! one moves then Tommy it again is upset against me ? it knows that I move no ? it strangely behaves these times , it does not want even more to look at me they arrive let us hide we does your mom know if Lenny goes well ? it is necessary to believe that yes , otherwise one notit would leave do not go out happy to see you , you do not wantgo out take the air to change ? Tommy accompanies you ? no ... that goes ! how it was over there ? it was horrible ! I did not arrive to sleep because everyone screamed thenight I do not want to return over there you saw that ? ok this is what this smoke ? Croquette ! that do you has my dog ? you saw this that you have me does to do ? whore what that does not go with you ? Kelly ! oh my god , awaken you please ! please awaken you ! awaken you ! does him a to kiss idiot of charming prince I remained fainted a long time ? Kelly , what that there has ? ooh Croquette ! ( I will return for you ) I am grieved 7 years later this is finished ! you put all your pens and you put your copies blues on my office before going out that is worth also for you Mr Nelson oneis all on the same spindle schedule then that was Evan ? I knows nothing , with all these names I is afraid of to put mixed-up a little is that is Pavlov that had conditioned his dog has to lick him the couilles ? student models psycho , a cunning small one insolent and your work Evan ? do you want always change the manner of which we humble researchers let us believe that the memory is assimilated ? I have not really the choice oh good blood that been able the patchouli and the bottom here ! Arlette ... , here my buddy of teased one great well high Evan mouai ! has causes of your good grades I failed has the anthropology examination idiot ! good day Tombeur ! whore of ... . ah .. she is charming I found your you shirt my old one aah are you disgusting ! go guy , get up you , and slip on a thing one will drink a glass why you again succeeded an examination ? no , again better than that ! that does 7 years without conscience losses whore it is necessary to celebrate that , onewill get drunk comes to impale you ! ah whore I will kiss you ! does she have you to lick the balls while sucking you the bite ? ( that will go ? ) pretty look at me this big pile pull you of my bar ! said , this is which of you that tames a worm ? not , 1 , beauty , several I find that disgusting speak him of that , this is him the fetishist listen , this is a study project of psychoon the loss of the memory explain me a little before what excitement spin you a cardiac crisis 10 dollars that they puts them on the ground well , if I arrived has to know how the memory of a simple worm works that would help me doubtless has to seize complexity human brain this is my turn what that it takes you bozo ! well , I believe that this is you that wins there is as a sex odor here ok the Tombeur rather was occupied today you laugh ? this is such a mastodonte ok ... ben .. is necessary to believe that charisma and the make-up that does effect you want a beer ? yes see that , that should go would have you not of the acclaims orcandles perfumed somewhere ? inspired no , grieved , this is has me the other guys hide magazines porn that this is notebooks of compositions ? yes are themselves my intimate newspapers , I have begun that has is a question of it 7 years reads me something agreed but I warn you that goes to cost you a lot , this is all that I have hasto say this left one would say that my spirit refuses to assimilate this that they themselves past ... veiled hear Croquette to push these horrible screams just does it to put that in writing gives me shivers stop you not it is strange one would have said that Tommy was possessed or something as that it had such a hate in his look that ... . does that go ? or am I ? good blood does what take you I not the can open loosen that ! or I will cut the throat of your mother when she will be gone to sleep j 'le holds Lenny except Croquette ! listen me Evan listen me attentively there is of the other millions of sisters in the world why wanted you to domine all is well , it is only a dream that seemed so true this is the problem with the dreams Evan then Gift Juan this is me that you does to turn the head ? Lenny ? there is a surprise visit foryou look at that comes to see you cherished good day , this is me Evan on what you work ? a model ? listen , you seem occupied then ... . Igo tried to be brief you remember ? this day has it the disposal , when one did not be small ? I counted on you to refresh me a little the memory just some details any I do not have I do not have , did not succeed undoing the knot ok this is well there is something else ? touch has not that or I will cut the throat of your mother in his sleep ! name of god then that really took place Lenny I ... especially does not budge or believes me , I cut you the language dumb type before my last memory loss I remember to have had the hands on the ears of Kelly I believe that I more will focus on its hands in mine that on the wood to the letters quoted other of the street that this maybe is extinguished , you want I will see ? very good idea Lenny ! especially falter not or I cut you the language type dumb merde what that this is ? hein what this is ? c ' is my pretty granddaughter this is my pretty granddaughter that it is necessary what I change , isn 't that right cherished ? you want to open wood ? open it ! oh my god ! let us pull we ! whore Lenny that you crazy ! Lenny bring you ! comes Lenny swarm you ! good god of merde , are you disgusting ! what is that ? allo ? allo ? that is this ? Madam Kagan ? this is Evan ... .. Treborn you realize has which not at all you perturbed Lenny ? yes I am sorry for that and I ... ... I put 1 hour to arrange the disorder in his room I can say something has Lenny ? do not call anymore here mom I am so proud this is more strong that me dad euh ... Jason had good grades ? that you can say it it had only of the has + without opening no book this is the alone domain in which his memory did not drop it did a day it say you that it had the means to remember past events what it had repressed of the years earlier ? why this question ? no , it is just that that seemed to be a man of a superior intelligence you know one could believe that ithad been able to find a means to recollect itself old one to remember bury and well , when it had your acts yes almost exactly your acts now that I there think it said to have found a means ofitself recall his passed I am unaware of if it was its clean memories or his imagination next , a little before his state worsens and that one be ... . well obliged to do it committed it said that it arrived has ... what ! what ! it arrived has to do what ? forget all that ! that does not serve has nothing it already was well too sick I never wanted to participate has this film of all manner it did rather cold and Ihad not does not envy to put me all nude one Mr Miller to unbutton my clothing ... whore to what you play the ? chuuut , it is necessary Meto concentrate you are stupid or what guy ? there is maybe a reason to the fact that you repressed ais the day or a perverse one wanted you to screw has yourself hair in front of him I there would think has two times has your place before continuing that could perturb you again more what you have not it now you find me perturbed , it is kind ! you believe to know me ? while I do not know each other even ! no , this is of my fault there is not a day that flows itself without what you break something ! Evan oh my which surprised god , that does a long time says me what of nine then ? oh nothing tremendous you know no , I in knows nothing relate me I go has the university , it is interesting my mother goes well ... voila what you some want a ? no , the last time I was kid I stopped the hundreds of times do you return with you has foot ? I can accompany you ? well sure ! oh my god then what becomes Tommy ? they have it screwed-up a small moment inhouse of correction but ... it works as débosseleur with Dave now c ' is cool you always live with your father ? no I am myself émancipé when Iwas 15 years old that asks a sacred courage dose you do not remember my father or what ? you could not move with your mother ? she had a new family , there had not enough place this is as that listen , some does this is to discuss with you that I came with me ? of what ? voila you remember , I had enough often memory holes being young yes well sure ben , it arrives me remind of me certain forgotten events and ... . ... and then I wanted just that you speak to me of the one of them in particular I go tried to remind me when one was young , your father had done a film with us robin of wood I believe you want to know what exactly Evan ? is this that. is this that it has ... thatitself is it passed in the basement ? this is very far that one was small Iknow do you have does this way only for that ? you are just coming to put me of the questions on robin of wood ? no I believe just that it produced himself a terrible event that rhymes has what all that ? listen , nothing of itself that happened did not be our fault we not nothing had done to undergo these thingsit we were only children we had not ... . close the Evan ! you lose your saliva for nothing you cannot to want some for you because your father is only a dirty incorrect one who you essays to convince Evan ? you land 13 years after and you awaken a past sordide because you have only a bad memory ? what do you await of me ? what I cry on your shoulder and what I say you that all avenue better from now on ? will do you to screw Evan ! this always is similar ok ? nothing does not arrange itself never you know ? if you were located me also wonderful Evan why you never called ? why you left me rot in a corner ? when it had your acts , exactly your acts now that I there think it said to have managed to remember his passed a type left a message for you one feels it since the toilets your grass filth Hello Evan this is the Pr . Crankcase I worried because you have not done not return your duty today recall me for reprogrammer a date what do you have says has my sister dumb ? last night she called me while crying during more of an hour she was said me that you had come to see it yesterday she ... .... she has just committed suicide she is dead and you also ( I will return for you ) if the scar on my stomach did not appear by chance maybe that my father did not be not as crazy as one believed it and if I have the strength to doto appear scars , I then also to heal them ? what in have it t for the scars of Kelly ? I do not have never wanted to participate has this film of all manner it did rather cold I had does not envy to put me all nude one but Mr Miller ... unbuttoned my clothing I have just had an idea , if one went to the basement ? that has more the air of a keep the down below if one lit up a little hein ? I had you well says that I did not want what the door remains open hein ? but I want to look at I will stick you my fist in theface if you do not do this that I say you now , has this moment of the history , Robin of wood will marry the beautiful Marianne then they must cuddle themselves , they do as the big ones well , undress you Kelly go there , this is as when you takes a bath stop doing the child , you also Evan ! let us dispatch we ! let us go ! one must turn a film here puts your hands on your ears Kelly which hour is it ? it is ... the hour for you , to do this that I say you to do bad response rottenness ! this is the hour of the judgement that has just rung in the 30 seconds that follow you will have a choice has to do the first options , goes cavity traumatize your child has never ... ... what that happens , how you do that ? that will change your girl and transform a joyous childhood in an empty shell of which it alone confidence notion thiswill be seen betrayed by his big salopard of pedophilic father this that to the end of the account the will drive to the suicide tubby good dad ! who are you ? say just that I oversee you closely Georges the solution that offers has itself youthis is to treat Kelly as ... as all other father warning would treat that girl one is in agreement dad ? yes then listen rottenness type if you destroy has new his life , I swear you that I will castrate you this that I counsel you rather , this is to discipline your son Tommy that becomes a small sadistic one a last thing do not notify you more to touch me no , this is sworn quicklyer , quicklyer Croquette ! I will return to look for you Kelly you succeeded coming ! is said me not that you in have a you saw my new house ? has life , has the death ! cherished , does that go ? Oh my god ! Evan you healthy ! Kelly ! this is ... . this is you ? unbelievable ah good , it is kind go therefore to wash you a little and returns with me or are my clothing ? your matters are the idiot the bathroom ? dispatch you I would like a small one kisses before going in course what ? unbelievable ! I did not doubt myself that to bleed nose could be fascinating so ? grieved , euh ... I believed to be alone a second , this is you that was ... with these idiots that launched pop corn has Ladykiller what ? and .. your name is Gwen ! I know you seriously Evan , stop the powder good day ! you go to want some for me to ask you that but ... you remember the day or your father brought back this will drug ? ok ... euh ... I believe that it kept it that a day , and it gave it , a thing as that why I would have to want some for you ? I in knows nothing I act in a manner strange which idiot you do ! then one sees oneself tonight ? ok replies mom Andrea , Evan and Chuck are absent for the moment , you know what to do ! good day mom , this is me and hello Chuck I called just history to say hello , recall me Eh ! Ladykiller ! would have you notthe hour my old one ? what does it happen ? lost you your Rollex ? will do you to screw sons of rich one ! I recall you that it does not remain for you that 2 weeks before the date back to discount of your psychology works has matters of the duty that I lacked the other time ? you grant me always a delay is not this step ? and you been ? Evan ... Treborn the response is non-Mr Treborn , go quickly you to sit the examination soon will begin everyone sits ! the examinationgoes begin in 1 minute loosen me salt stupid ! that suffices your conneries Evan you are hilarious as guys you revised ? one soon will know it me no more good god this are the responses ? thin Evan , a little discretion ! I will like to do a thing of special one for Kelly tomorrow evening then , can I counton the assistance of the members of the brotherhood ? that surely not ask the applying ! yes ... . the applying you can begin now ! it was so good o mygod or did you learn all that ? why ? this did not be too ... . strange , at least ? yes if you find that to have several orgasmes it is strange allo ? hang up has your opinion Kelly , how itself does itthat one ... what one forms a union , perfect so ? I want to say why did you come secretly evenwith me after my move ? because you lacked me you think that my father haould been able to forbid me to see you ? what could it to do ? o my god I have the orteils incompote you believe that one will be together even has the end of our lives ? it was the plan is not this step ? has life has the death ! ok yes , this is that ... I wanted just to assure some for me ok ... . this is the plan ! agreed you claiming them , you knowall this that you must of the applying ! euh ... ..... one is of the applying mister brother Evan euh ... mister it dares to resume you ? what ? that do you come to say me ? very well says me Greek alphabet , tell the me ! alpha , silly , gamma , delta , ... .. ... ..... mister ! this is can be that that you wanted to say ! do not set up me , look at on the ground ! well ! hum ... .. then ... , you applying them , you know all this that you have has to do for me and .. go therefore to take a shower , sonever someone looks for you questionable business ... said their that I allowed it for you what ? soak you stunned ! I do not understand or is this what you bring me ? I does not say it for you you will see o my god ! it is magnificent go assier you thank-you why you do all that for me ? and has well my awakens this morning I saw your mouse the even to smile and Iknew what I wished to pass the remainder of my existence withyou that does 1 hour that I look for you someone broke your car ! what is this that ... .. who was able to do that ? who did that ? this is probably the epsilon types non no ... no , how that was able to produce itself opposite the brotherhood at last ! ( one would say a dog necklace ) this is Tommy do not touch me it observes us can be this is of my fault , I would have of theto say you what one had liberated it there is 2 weeks already ok , what of kinder one you speak that will not serve has big thing I will see if it there has not a guy that has a weapon Evan , stop joking it will not do you no evil , agreed ? it wants to frighten you in order to move away you fromme it killed my dog you not yourself in remembers ? Evan , this is not any his fault youk nows has which not at all that was hard for him being young oh no , not me sorts verse on the kid that suffered you you pulled yourself matter my father never got up the hand onme this is as if this rotten one hadall reserved has Tommy very well one leaves to do the police of the campus ok ? listen I believe that I would have sleep alone no , I remain with you I refuse that you be alone Evan listen , I do not want that Tommy we sees together for the moment no I already lost you once that will not reproduce itself how that you already lost me once ? you did not never lose me at last ! of what do you speak ? it is crazy you act very strangely these days ben , my car was broken I am a little irritated I some am conscious but all in you changed , I find even that you walk differently I have a different gait ? I want to say .. the dinner of tonight was magnificent that touched me only .. this is not your kind then I have not the rightto do something for you ? awaits this is not your jacket ? Tommy ! that suffices does not approach you of us salopard ! drop with your " we " it believes that I will bang on my own sister have you not poorly successful hein Evan ? you have a beautiful life you have buddies sympas , without counting what you yourself sendings in the air with mysister a girl not poorly golée it is true Iknows of what I speak the farm Tommy ! oh that goes it was a compliment ! what you done guy this is what your problem ? that does not suffice you to have the world has your feet ? what 's more you come to fly me the alone person who does not take me for a poor spoiled one Tommy you knows what I like you stop , person believes only you are a poor spoiled Tommy oh but that is this that have you saysall has the hour ? it seem to me that it was ... . salopard ! Tommy ! Tommy ! Fishbones ! ! Fishbones ! ! Stop ! ! o my god ! Tommy , no ! stop ! o my god ! no , Evan ! stop ! stop that ! you will kill it ! type of patient ! you destroyed the life of Lenny you killed Croquette you killed this mother and his baby and today you try to kill me you try to kill me ! o my god ! o my god that do you have does ! loosen this stick get up you ! you will see faignasse ! go advances ! this is the first time ? yes is necessary not to leave you to walk over guy you will use woman has an of these guys otherwise you can protect me ? jésus himself cannot me force has to liquidate the brotherhood listen well when they will come go somewhere has the interior of yourhead essays to be elsewhere release idiot push you of the yo ! give me that give that ! I spoke has your lawyer and , it says that it will do you to acquit for legitimate defense it is necessary patience mom you believe that that will take how much of times ? I not knows not too this always is long these things it you thought about the notebooks ? you brought me those that I have you saysto bring I found only these two the the others are still in the boxes mom ! it is necessary that ... . I have need of it , I want them all and I will bring them to you but for the moment you must concentrate on your cause I you some taken yes you have reason speak me of Kelly does that go ? says him that I really am upset the visit is finished I do not want to lose you promises me to hold good be my tail , be my blade what I sink you this is has me ! rottenness ! separate you ! back up you swelling ! circulate ! there has nothing has to see here disperse you ! drives this small fumier has hiscell does some for you not one will review oneself all has the pretty hour heart you are religious Carlos ? you admit that the ways of the omnipotent one are impenetrable ? I there believes hard as iron I believe that Jésus placed me in your cell for a good reason because it wants you to help me merde I knew that you were crazy guy this is not conneries Jésus speaks to me sometimes in my dreams ah ok ? this is cool ! inspired I you wager a package of cigarettes what I will arrive has to prove it for you of the that I lose conscience you must observe my hands and my face with attention you should see the psychologist of the prison awaken me if you see something ... . strange stranger than that ? that can show itself bytracks on my body or scars dear newspaper , my mom says that ... Wednesday I had boredoms hascauses of a drawing that I have not does mom does not want Me to see it does not do the idiotic Evan assier you and finished your drawing ! this is well ! imagine this that you want do later , this is without limits eeh madam Boswell ! soft jésus ! this is a miracle ! look at the scars ! what did you see of what that seemed ? the signs of the lord guy it came from anywhere ! and me that had taken you for a .. ... a whore of patient ! then you believe me now yes hard as iron ! I have a market has to propose you then dumb I am new here but I knows how that works or one joins a gang or one bursts and has true to say I refuse to be ina group of saloperie of négro of latino and I do not want to die then what must I do ? I am new , it is necessary that I find my place here do I have ... . you to suck right away ? or ... . is your blood ... . pure ? I am not a dirty Jew if this is that you want to know very well , see this that you knows do cherished go there molo with your teeth or well one does them for you to jump has your orders comes to see dad the door Carlos ! one was gone through the wood behind the disposal in order not to to see Tommy it has not had again smoke holds good ! holds good ! one was gone through the wood behind the disposal in order not to to see Tommy there was not again smoke will rot in hell piles of vermine ! a moment before it is necessary that ... it is necessary them to find of what to cut the rope I want you to take that Lenny today this is the day of your redemption Iknows has which not at all you yourself some want for this mom and his baby Evan , stop this is not themoment this is right away or never today you have the occasionto pay for your faults and of all to recommence has zero of what speak you ? Evan are you crazy ? please , if you have me done confidence before , does me confidence this blow cut the rope bring you ! listen me well Evan I will do this that you wish you do not want anymore than I see Kelly , it is perfect , but liberates Croquette in any case , you will go in house of correction so never you killed it I knows what you would not leave your sister with your father Non Lenny ! o mygod o my god Lenny I have you says cutting the rope all is inverted who did that ! whore of ... Non Lenny ! I take you ? call quickly the 911 Evan ! Evan ! Merde ! Evan ! this is not so simple Good day doc ! which are the damages ? how much time remains me it t ? very funny Evan this is a little complicated I never saw of such results of mylife and those of my father doctor ? one can know it for 20 years ago one did not do again these tests while you found ? one can see that the biggest one ofthe hemorrhage this situates precisely here in the exterior layer of the cortex cerebral this is the that the memory is stockedmom thank-youEvan I not never nothing had seen of such before while comparing these tests has those carried out a year ago one found a serious hemorrhage and an important reconstruction neural and that does that mean for Evan ? what 40 years of memories are them selves accumulated in my head in the space of an alone year , I lost a little the ball then I have reprogram my brain this is well summarized doc ? yes I parts to await has the car the lighting here is done mean eyes ache then .. happy to review you doc I found really ... really ... instructive but good , you know .. I have people has to see piles of books has to read go , good day ! this isme Evan you want Me to bring you something ? why not ... why not these models of airplanes that love you to do ? you do not want Me to hang you apackage of models to the ceiling ? Lenny you knew it since the had departures when you put , this object in my hand you perfectly knew , what there would be a misfortune had yes I knew it you should be has my place then you haould be has my place I will meet my father today it is called Jason and it is crazy this would be well that it leaves me him to say dad does that go ? because ... seemed you to have the spirit elsewhere , the space of a second listen Jason ! you must furnish me some responses to rectify this that I have does I had to pray the sky for that the goes out stops itself with me yes but that continues and I would need information to reestablish the order and you are the alone that be able to give them to me it not there in has ! you cannot change the people without do to disappear this that they were before hand who says that the things do not be able not to be improved ? you cannot play has God fiston that must take fine with me the simple one does that you be the maybe can kill your mother this is conneries I count to prove it for you whileyou sending a postal card when I all would have rectified I like you ... one has just relaxed you ? no nothing , it is just that my brother did a stay in prison and next it ate as that I come from a numerous family well , listen I did not want to annoy you no this is not nothing said ... Kelly Miller work again here ? I do not know it , upset brothel of god , one never can have the peace with be ! ? you do not come to sell cakes I imagine he in ? very funny rottenness ! you remember of me ? when I was 7 years old I had a discussion with you I have a question has to put you or can I find your girl ? ah , I awaited someone of other good does quickly , the next customer will arrive good day , happy to see you I can return a minute ? if I had known that you will pass , I would have cleaned the spots on thesheet what do you want ? I had just craving to see you well , ... . the time this is money Evan money I can none the less to pass 10 minutes with a buddy of long date then ? what is this that this will be ? grieved ! professional deformation thatgoes then stop now grieved is this that by chance you yourself sents poorly has the comfort has causes of my tubby one ? no it is just that I find damage that you yourself in serve to do me harm I am passed or passed you or this is that ? you would not believe me if I said it for you Iknows what this is really cliché to say you that , would believe some for you not a word but .. in these cases , this is the truth and has this moment it , I knew that I had to find you then I forced your father has to say me or you were then I came here , you know the continuation you had reason Evan , I some believe not aword the opposite would have astonished me I had kept that for me even has today , I believe that I would have of the to continue I am the alone has that you have revealed your secret ? I am very flattered that does to wet all your conquests ? they avaient really this kind of connerie ? you knows , I in have nothing has to screw that you do not believe has my history and for all to say you I have not anymore the energy of you prove this that I advance oh there is proofs now how would I know that you have a double grain of beauty at the level of the groin ? there is all a crowd of types who could relate you that ok forget that and of the fact that you prefer the repugnant one odor of the mouffettes has the one flowers ? or that you hate the coriandre because for a mysterious reason that does you thought has your plague of half-sister or that you have ants in the orteils during an orgasme I am persuaded that your customersare informed of this detail listen I would want you to know athing says me what you had a life really happy withme youk nows there is an element that bell in your history I am upset but there is not the more small luck , here low or elsewhere what I be member of a whore of brotherhood ! that pleased you nevertheless oh you cry are you sures that you some want more ? no , or I go I not in haveneed what , you set off again to change the life of the whole world , is this that this is that ? you will reappear can be in a castle while me , I will rediscover has myself Tijuana has to do the pass has a man ? no , I do not recommence anymore has whenever I strive save someone , I do nothing but to worsen the things oh but do not abandon crafty small it is true what , you already have so does for me why not do you return in thetime to save madam Albern and his baby ? that will avoid can be that Lennyloses the pedals and destroys all my family ! no , returns when one was small Evan and does you the small Kelly face has the will drug video of his father and essays to deny his life this my read , pull you ! ben I believed that that will not do you too dump seen that you were sick I have not the intention to repeat it before my last memory loss , I remember to have had the hands on the ears ofKelly I think that I more had focused on its hands in mine what on the wood to the letters of the quoted other of the street attention do not approach wood to the letters ! which idiot ! flee madam do not remain the ! I will save you madam ! are for you annoying brother I believed have you says to pull you of the grieved old , one awakened you ? no , that goes that goes very well merde , but that is this that ? save its arms ! one goes to the movies , you come with us ? what it this pass Evan ? Kelly will look for me a briefcase quickly ! Evan ... ! o my god Evan ! Evan ! look at to smile it Kelly I love his mouse Lenny is the better one you form a very beautiful couple you believe that I will find someone a day ? Evan ! but , or let us go we ? one will drive you has the hospital Evan no , bring back me ! grieved , your mother will kill me you will bring back me Lenny ! I believe that you have at least that what do you look at dirty morons ! that entertains you humorously to beall perfect so hein ? ! band of feeble ones ! Lenny help me let us return it hé hé Brian ! that goes better your hang over ? ah I saw the girl that brought back you with you she borrowed you your razor this morning ? are you mean ! holds voila Tommy heee Tommy ! Tommy how that goes the guys ? good day Evan ! I have does this that had suggested you one combines our bottom has the one of " hello house " and one organizes a charity dance oh that it is great I will be able to do to turn my armchairin rhythm on a remix techno of Cut Naguila even has this that I vomit one would must can be to think has to go in course frank why to do to dump has itself student ? tomorrow I could awaken farmer to the Bangladesh if one was going to take a ride ? has later youpie ! good day ! what does it have today ? then Tommy is has melts in its histories cathos hein ? you knows what it became hyper believing since this day or it saved Me Albern and Cathy it saved madam Albern ? that will astonish me of itself small salopard well let us sit we here you want a bar of cereals ? take sit ok it is necessary Me to repair them these things work poorly kelly it arrives you never to think has we ? I want to say you not yourself you board never to ask if the things between we haould been able take a different turn ? well sure Evan are you the first one for that I have tested feelings are you serious ? yes this is for that that being younger I did not go to live with my mother what do you want to say ? my parents , to the moment to break we one asked has Tommy and has me to choose with which one wanted to live and I did not want to remain with my father but I was aware , that if I remained with my mother I would not review you never I was unaware of that then ? it arrives you to imagine us together ? and well .. that crosses my spirit of times in times and ? and well , a lot of things have me crossed the spirit Evan I am able to relate you all the film of our lives in 1 second boom ! one falls in love , one marries oneself , one has children our children age just as we twin burials , the total one blaah ! this is ten longer times has to say that has to imagine this is the bothers with this thing kind then you believe that one would have been well both of them ? ok surely but that this is passed otherwise I am in love with Lenny and Lenny is your friend it there has not nothing has to regret ... could that do the difference if I said you that .. person to the world can to like you as much as I like you ? you knows I do not ... say you these things it ... yousee ... I said that , knowledge history if as a girl , is not itself of the words that you would like to hear ? just a second Lenny calls me I return from continuation agreed ? it needs to speak forgot you to put the gate breadon theedge Lenny likes the pop pies you are all much more better without me I knows what it is hard but it is necessary to hang you I am not even screwed-up of me suicide is necessary not you to say that go it is necessary you to go out of the , the hours of visits soon will finish my mother was transferred again ? of what do you speak one placed it here of the the departure have you a radiant expression fiston a cancer this is has the continuation of the explosion what you put has a lot to smoke yourself I not knows not this that it has , it is rather strange the latter times mom you will go better I all will change good , I will take a ride has the chapel you drive yourself as your father I go go out of you the , agreed ? no you will not suffer anymore I all will arrange no are you sure that this is the inside ? my mother has of the to put it she sent me all this that belonged me this is that ? yes and that do you want some to do ? youk nows what are you hard has to follow ? no importance ok , I will ask you a other favor what I want the perfect calm it is necessary Me to concentrate if I want to be going to destroy this stick of destroys which stick of destroys ? if I did not be does to explode myself the arms my mother would not have certainly never lit a cigarette look for not , go there open the turn the orderlies dumb today mom takes me to play with Kelly and Tommy I will meet their father andsee this that this is a true dad good , how destroy this stick of destroys ? Evan , that do you with this knife ? that not nothing gave turn the orderlies turn dumb I did not want to participate has this film of all manner it did rather cold and Ihad not does not envy to put me all nude one and has this moment of the history , Robin of wood , has just married the beautiful Marianne then they must cuddle themselves , it do ... this that do the big ones await , I need my belt leave done Evan , you have not belt need back up rottenness type ! it is astonishing to see the effect that this simple expression has on you especially quiet remainders Evan be not a bad boy , or I will say has your mother that you n 'ais only a speck dirtiness and I will say has the protection of childhood that you done video infantile pornographic a step of more and I you the sinks in the bottom it is dangerous , you can lose ahand that I already did it a firecracker Non Kelly ! good day Evan have you a radiant expression fiston this boy must be cared for in a psychiatric hospital what see you ? a crushed butterfly I in have enough of all that ! finished you the program ? I can have my medicine ? good god or are my notebooks ? Evan ? one did not have this view before ... an hour at least or are my notebooks ? your notebooks ? my newspapers I have need of it then ... give the me , that would help me I am upset to have to repeat it for you it does not exist no newspaper it not there some never had it be part of replacement life what you imagined to deny guilt to have killed Kelly Miller reflect Evan , reflect your brain invented apathology who is nonexistent an all other universe with studies , prison , paraplegia histories I want my newspapers , and I want them now and I know that you took them and you will return them for me do not screw you any me , I my newspapers ! you do me to think has your father it pushed screams to have his album photo , while it not some never had I am grieved I am not ... album photo ? photos the damages are , irreparable this that surprises me this is that it is again the usage of its functions motrices mom you have me well retrieved these old films what I had asked you ? if I put them for you the great , because that would please me to look at them then this is well I believe that it would be preferable that one transfers it has Bellevue tomorrow has the first hour so never someone finds this letter , that wants to say that my plan failed and that I am surely already , dead it is not in his room , search the perimeter ! and if I managed to return at first of all this history it is possible that I reach has to save it Evan ! by here ! Evan ! I believe that it is the inside Evan ! which is your name ? Kelly here Evan Evan ! open me ! Evan ! says him hello , go ! I hate you , especially do not approach you more of me otherwise I kill you , you and all ... your family dirtiness ! what does there be my dear ? what does it happen ? good-bye a firecracker ! Evan Kelly and Tommy ! you lacked me ! never more will have separated us the happiness does not attain itself that by the sacrifice as the sacrifice that our parents did for that one can study cheer Tommy ! does that go ? or is Kelly ? who this is Kelly ? who this is Kelly ? who this is Kelly ? you do not want to be going to see a doctor ? no no , I believe that this time all will go very well are you sure to want to do that ? I knows who am I , I have not not not need of that to recall it for me 8 years later ok , I am a little late I was kept by a patient order two soups agreed , I like you mom has right away
