 Pilot , I 'm bringing Miss Kitty back from the OK Corral . Is there any word on Aeryn or Doc Rygel yet ? Not as yet , Crichton . Hey ! Are you still angry at me ? Cut it out . What do you think ? Look , I got information on the slave auctions , didn 't I ? - Quit tripping me ! - D 'Argo will be happy . D 'Argo 's not going to be happy if he finds out how you got the information . D 'Argo won 't care how I got the information as long as I help him find his son . Chiana , my little trollop , he will care . Look , you needn 't worry , okay ? I can look after myself . Yes , yes I know . You can kick , kiss and cry your way out of any situation . I just wish you would stop getting into them . You know , we barely got your ass out of there before that guy and his buddies turned nasty . You 're just crying because Wynona jammed ! Hey , Wynona , has been very reliable . It 's not her fault that she jammed . Right And Aeryn and Rygel had to stay behind to cover our asses . You can bet they 're going to be really cranked when they get back . Look , Aeryn can yell at me as much as she likes . You need to hope that Aeryn only yells . C 'mon , baby ... . Chiana . - Good luck . - Dren . Here we go . Hey . You gonna have a go at me , too ? 'Cause Crichton sure isn 't holding back . I want to apologize for not looking after you better . My behavior has been self-centered and inappropriate . - I don 't get it . - What don 't you get ? Well , we just had our asses whooped saving Chiana ... and you 're apologizing to her . That 's scary ... . Well , that was in the past , John . Now we look toward the future . We have a surprise for you ! For me . Oh , will it explode when I open it ? No , Chiana , you don 't open this . You embrace it . Yes , a feeling of joy and contentment so powerful ... you 'll wonder how you ever lived without it ! ... Something 's not right . Aeryn doesn 't even shower without a pulse pistol . Chiana ... go talk to D 'Argo . Yeah . Where are you going ? We told you we had a surprise for you . It 's all right . You can give it to me later . Chiana , dear . It 's time to go home . Aeryn , who the frell is this ? It 's all right , John . Varla helped us and in turn we must help her . Ryge ... They 're cleansed . What ? They 're cleansed . No ! I 'm never going home ! Do you hear me ! - Aeryn , my god ! - Aeryn ! - Don 't make me hurt you , Chiana . - Drop your weapon ! Let her go ! - Meelak . - My guide . I came as soon as I received your signal . Is Chiana aboard ? She is , and we must honor our fallen shipmates and deliver her as soon as possible Yes , and is this ship contained ? Officer Sun ! Aeryn ! Why are you doing this ? ! We need your cooperation , Pilot . No harm will come to you if you cooperate . Regrettably , your species nullifies the effects of the mental cleansing process , therefore we must resort to the use of the collar . Please , do as I ask , and I won 't have to use the collar again . What do you want ? ! This holds the coordinates to the nearest Nebari territorial outpost . We 'd like you to take us there immediately . Pilot , Varla 's ship had a run in with a Peacekeeper patrol , ... probably from Scorpius ' carrier . Please make sure that Moya 's senses are on full alert . The patrol may still be in the area . If there 's even a chance that it is , then we need to starburst immediately ! If this leviathan goes into StarBurst ... . ... the collar will detect it and automatically inject a lethal dose . We must get to the outpost Please do so , Pilot . We would not like to lose you . D 'Argo , what do you remember ? Well , I was in command and Aeryn came in a smile on her face for no apparent reason , and then ... Yeah , Aeryn smiling for no reason that should have been our first clue . Yeah , she shot me with some weapon . I 've never seen anything like it before . Wait until they rip your eyes out . Yeah , but why 'd they chain you up , Chiana ? I 'm their prize . Hell , you must be the top of the hundred thousand dollar pyramid , because they 're gonna mind-cleanse Aeryn and Rygel just to get on board . Mind-cleanse . Chiana , I thought you said that took one hundred cycles . This is temporary . It 's drug-induced . Short term , but just as effective . Chiana , let me ask you a question . When you first came on board , ... Elvis had you in cuffs dragging you back to Nebari Prime . Now we got Debra Harry doing the same thing . Why are your people so jazzed about getting you home ? I don 't know . That woman looks like she 's been through the bad part of hell just to get near you . Now why would she do that ? Chiana , you must tell us . So , you are the sister . Zhaan ! Help us ! Worry not . Leave them alone ! Soon you will know the bliss that I know . Your wounds are deep . This one looks badly infected . My condition is of no concern . All that matters is that Chiana is delivered to Nebari territorial control . Varla , I know this girl . She isn 't even remotely dangerous to anyone but herself . Perhaps you don 't know her as well as you think . Is it something you can disclose to me ? My people have initiated the most ambitious plan to eliminate violent and aggressive behavior , ... and that girl threatens everything . It 's hard to believe that Chiana could jeopardize your efforts . Well , hopefully that fear will become obsolete . Chiana , everybody else on board has been mind-cleansed . D 'Argo 's probably in the spin cycle right now . That means it 's either you or me next . Can 't be me . Temporary cleansing doesn 't work on Nebaris . It 's only meant for aliens . Perfect , I 'm next . Chiana , when these people came on board , they were after you . That makes you the " it " girl . You 've got something they want . - What is it ? - I don 't have anything ! Chiana ! Salis , he kept asking me about the resistance , some kind of resistance . After D 'Argo - - what - - he called you " the sister " . What did he mean , " the sister " ? I 've only been sister to one person , that 's Nerri . He 's dead . We 've got to get you out of here . Get me out of these chains ! Chiana ! Stop . Stop it . Stop ! Look , everybody on board has secrets . We all have secrets . You got one ? That 's fine . Keep it . Right up to the point where they come to fry my brain . Now . When Salis found you , you 'd been running . Why ? Nerri and I escaped Nebari Prime when we were really young . We didn 't escape . The government gave us exit permits . We didn 't know why they made it so easy . We didn 't care , we-we just ran . It wasn 't until two cycles later that Nerri found out why . I can 't believe-believe how much it hurts . I c-couldn 't-I couldn 't believe it either , but I lived through it . You will , too . Once I 'm through this , the contagion will be-will be completely out of my system ? That 's what I was told . Then I won 't be spreading it anymore ? - You and me , we 're both clean . - Okay . I just wish I could say the same for all the others . We 'll be better when we 're out of here . When we get off this planet . Chiana . I 'm not coming with you . What ? What are you talking about ? Somebody high up in the establishment gave me the antibody . I saw him . He 's the one they 're after . I can identify him . Well then , we run ! We hide , that 's-that 's what we 're good at . This is serious this time , Chiana . The establishment is trying to infect as much of the galaxy as it can with this contagion of theirs , and they 're going to want to find out who gave it to us , and then they 're gonna mind-frell me ... I 'm coming with you . Yeah . No . We 're less conspicuous if we split up . But Nerri ... We will see each other again , sister . I swear to you we will . Your own people infected you with some kind of ... disease Nerri . Me . Hundreds like us . Maybe thousands , in the routine physical examination they so generously gave us . And they knew that you 'd go out and transmit it . How did you , um ... Through carnal contact . Nerri and I were young . We did an admirable job for them . Chiana ... why didn 't you tell us about this before ? That my people were planning to frell over as much of the galaxy as they could ? You barely let me stay aboard Moya as it was . Chiana ... probably think you 're still in contact , but you might be able to It is his time , Chiana . Soon it will be yours . The treatment will help you by removing all negative impulses . Tell him , D 'Argo . Um ... it 's true , John . All the things I 've done as a warrior all the horrible thoughts I 've had ... all the cycles of my life ... even about you I am so sorry ! That 's okay , D 'Argo . We 'll talk later . You don 't have to do this . You can just lock me up . You will thank us after treatment . Stay the hell away from me ! Don 't do this ! It is either mind-cleansing or death . Hey , isn 't that against your Nebari prime directive ? We are in difficult times . I 'm afraid we must do whatever is necessary to serve the greater good . Don 't struggle . It only makes this process more painful . The patches will release a chemical into your neural system . You should feel the effects almost immediately . Welcome , Chiana . Would you care for some food ? I 'd rather starve . Please , take my plate . All of your friends are now free of their old ways . All their selfish , abhorrent , violent thoughts have been eliminated . You mean drugged away . Where is your brother ? Where is Nerri ? My brother . My brother 's dead . He died a quarter of a cycle ago . So you can use me all you like , but you can 't get to him anymore . Your brother is very much alive . He was positively identified as the leader of an assault on Nebari freight convoys less than ten solar days ago . The establishment has sent out many messengers like you and Nerri , spreading the contagion for nearly twenty cycles . The contagion spreads quickly . It shows no outward symptoms . It merely waits . Waits for what ? A specific time Chiana , ordained by the establishment . We don 't expect it to have infected entire civilizations , only enough to throw those worlds into chaos , so that when our emissaries arrive , they 'll be met with minimal resistance . The contagion will take control of everybody it 's infected . All on the same day . Hopefully not too long from now . Where is Nerri ? I don 't know . You will tell us where he is , or we will simply use you to bring him out of hiding . You 're not using me again ! Frell the greater good . Frell it . Resist . Fight it . Fight them . If you 've also come to tell me what a wonderful thing the Nebari are doing for you , I am not interested ! Nebari . No , Pilot . I 'm here to tell you that the Nebari are a bunch of geeks ! And their damn mind-cleansing doesn 't work on Momma Crichton 's baby boy ! John Crichton ! Astronaut ! Master of the universe ! Ah ! Pilot , it 's me . But ... how ? I don 't know . They gave me the full monty , and it was working , and then I got this-this-this ... flash ! And it was like it was soaking up the drug . I snapped out of it . And the Nebari , they don 't know ? Crap , man , I drool with the best of ' em , dude ! What is it they want ? They have some vast plot to take over a chunk of the galaxy . Ah ! Varla gave me the coordinates to a Nebari outpost . We 're on our way there Well , can 't you veer off course ? Slow down or something ? Officer Sun comes in often - - checks the read outs on my panel . And StarBurst is out of the question . If I attempt it , this frelling collar will kill me instantly . We 've got Nebari aboard ! Most everybody else is mind-cleansed , and there 's a Peacekeeper patrol within the immediate vicinity . Peacekeeper patrol ? That 's why most of Varla 's crew is dead . Their transport came under attack by Peacekeeper patrol . Well , keep cussin ' , man . I sure as hell can 't get this collar off without some help . It is the ultimate gift , Chiana . Any other life course only leads to pain and suffering . Look at you . You wouldn 't have to be bound like this if you were to give yourself up to serve the greater good . What good could come of infecting your own people and then sending them out to infect as many others as possible ? ! You and Nerri and those like you ... we merely found another way for you to serve What are you doing ? Oh , y 'know , Moya 's amnexus system is , like , in flux so I 'm just , sorta , y 'know , lookin ' for the source . Will that affect the safety and speed of this ship ? Shyeah ! It 'd totally screw the pooch , babe ! Very well , proceed . Thank you for your service . Cool . It 's for the greater good ! She 's gonna gitcha-gitcha-gitcha-gitcha ! How you doing ? Get out of here . Leave me alone . Chiana dear ... I 'm not mind-cleansed . Yeah , right ! Y 'know , I don 't have time for this . What is this , some half-count attempt to make me tell you anything You 're ... you 're really not cleansed ? No . My thoughts are as dirty as ever . My god ! I thought - I thought I was all alone . I thought - I thought you were - were Aw , you 're not-you 're not going to cry on me are you ? No , hey , you got a plan ? A plan . Well , we got no weapons , the DRDs are switched off , and we got to find a way to get D 'Argo or Aeryn back on our side . There 's no way . Why not ? Hell , Durka did something that busted his brainwashing . No . This temporary cleansing is drug-induced . It 's got to be metabolized . Hey , Crichton . Crichton you okay ? Snap out of it . Oh , I 'm fine . I 'm , ah , I 'm fine Just fine . - What ? - What ? Oh , uh , Rygel ... Rygel has a great metabolism . - Yes he does . - Yes he does . Hey , dude . How 's it hangin ' , man ? Just , uh , perfect . Thank you so much for your concern . Oh , munchies . Good idea , man . Don 't eat so much , though . You 'll Belushie-out , cat Hynerian physiology . Three stomachs ? Oh , three stomachs . Whoa , hey , don 't go away ! Don 't stop eating ! What 's the matter , your food doesn 't taste good ? Hey , three tummies , dude - - you could be clean , man ! Please ! Don 't tell them ! Rygel . Rygel , calm down . Please , Crichton ! I don 't want my eyes sucked out again ! - Sparky , shut up ! It 's me ! - I like my eyeballs where they are ! You mean you 're not affected either ? No ! I 'm not affected . Now keep your voice down . I been having these f-fl um , forget about that . Right now , we got to do something , and I mean fast . - We ? - Yes . You , me and Pilot - we 're the only ones who aren 't Nebari puppets - I 'm nobody 's puppet ! I don 't know what you 're suggesting , but I 'm not angering these people . They 're not mad at me ! And that 's how it 's gonna stay ! Buckwheat , I need your help . Exactly what do you want the Hynerian to help you do , Crichton ? Oh ! I 'm so grateful you 're here ! He needs help ! Lots of help . Lots of help . I don 't think the mind cleansing is working Obviously not . Is this part of your plan ? You have something planned ? Are there any communication devices here ? No , you krovash . You took them away from us right before you and your girlfriend decided ... Are we missing something here ? We don 't have much time . This can only be activated by contacting your DNA . Hey , little sister . I told you we 'd see each other again . Well , at least you 're seeing me . A lot of things have changed since we saw each other last . I don 't know how much you know about what it is I 'm doing , but it 's important work , very important . Work , you believe I 've been doing something like that ? I wish you could be part of it , but it 's kinda dangerous . Wherever it is you are right now , you 'd probably be better off there . Who ever gave you this image disc is one of my people . Treat them well . They are our friend . But they are also under my strictest orders not to take you to me . It 's far too hazardous . - Maybe someday when things get safer - Nerri , they 're coming ! Look , I just wanted you to know that I 'm alive and well . For now , at least . Keep yourself well-hidden little sister , and out of harm 's reach . I love you dearly . Nerri . The only thing that Nerri cares more about than the resistance is you . You gotta get me outta here . Yeah , you gotta take me to him . You heard the message . He only wants you to know that he 's alive . He doesn 't want you to get involved with what we 're doing . No , I want to help him . Help the cause ! Please . Shh . If Varla hears you , we 'll all be frelled . All right ... so what do we do now ? You know our secret , we know yours . We 're kind of at a stand off . I have some data that I 've got to get back to Nerri and the others . As soon as we hit the outpost , I 'm going to take the express out of there . You two are on your own . So he cares enough to send you with a message , but he doesn 't care if she gets mind-cleansed ? If I help you , then I jeopardize my position and all those that are depending on me . If you don 't take me with you , I 'll tell Varla everything ! Go on , threaten me with that . Tell her how your friend here somehow avoided the temporary mind-cleanse . Well , if we don 't do something soon , Pilot , we will all be speaking Nebari . What can we ... Hey , Varla and Meelak 's transport . They said tha-that they got chased by a Peacekeeper patrol right ? - Yes ! - It 's perfect . I got an idea . What if we made them think that it came back ? I ... don 't understand . Is there some way that you and Moya could fake them hunting us down , make Varla think that the Peacekeeper patrol had come back ! Yes . There are some vid images in Moya 's data stores . I could cyber-manipulate one to appear in the forward portal . All right . Do it . Get started , all of it . I 'm gonna get D 'Argo and Aeryn Wait commander ! All DRD functions have been shut down and this isn 't something I can do from here . Someone has to make the hard wire circuitry connection in Moya 's neural cluster . I 'm going to need help . Rygel ! Where are you my little husky ? I have a stick for you ! Where are you boy ? Oh my . Eenie , meenie , miney , moe ! Hello ! Ah , I felt it best if I , uh ... Best if you hid until all my violent thoughts had been wiped ? I didn 't want to disturb the process . - You are cleansed , aren 't you ? - No , Rygel . As you may notice , my nasty urges have not been suppressed . Crichton ! What in the yotz are you Shut up , you miserable excuse for a life ! I 'm sick of having you sell us out every chance you get ! I don 't do it every chance ! Believe me , the .. Don 't you B.S. me , Guido ! You 're on the first transport outta here . On the contrary , I was looking forward to reaching the Nebari outpost . We 're not getting out of this one . These are the Nebari . - Ne-ba-ri ! - What happens when you get to the outpost , Buckwheat ? You let them strap you in and give you the deluxe brain wash ? They only cleanse those who don 't conform . I can be the ' go-along-guy ' if it means being apart of the action . You aren 't into self preservation . You are the KING of it ! Not king - dominar ! Well , I 'm not ready to roll over and be mind-frelled . Pilot and I have a plan , and you are going to help . And if I refuse ? Hey , everybody ! Rygel 's not mind-cleansed ! - He 's-he 's not conforming ! - Crichton ! He 's faking it , man ! Hey , maybe we should double his dose ! Silence ! You get the point ? What 's all this noise ? Uh , hey , Aeryn . Yeah , uh , I was just yelling for Rygel . He 's gonna , uh , uh , uh , help me , ah , fix a leak in one of the amnexus conduits . - Yes ! Yes ! - Cool . I thought D 'Argo was doing that Yes , he is . No . No ! No , no , D 'Argo , he 's , uh , he 's not well , so we told him that we could do it . Hey , it 's no problem . No problem at all . C 'mon little buddy ! Woo , there you go , little buddy ! Oh , yeah , hey , we 're gonna do our service for the greater good . Bye ! Cool . Oh , hey ! Rygel , whoa , ho , sorry man . C 'mon . Whoa ! It 's gonna be more real than real . It 's gonna be super , 3-D , smell-a-vision in sense-around , but you have to do your part . Okay . Well , how do you suppose I-I get Varla to Command ? I don 't know , but you 're a smart girl . You 'll figure that out . Just make sure you give me half an arn before you get started . Hey old man ? Ultra on the vision man . Whoa ! D 'Argo , are you feeling better ? I 've never felt any better . That 's strange . Crichton said you were feeling ill . Hey , Sparky ! Pass me some more plexus cable ! Oh no ! Hey , hey ! Don 't-don 't do that ! You 're going to get us killed ! - Huh . It 'll only save the Nebari the trouble later . - Crichton . Yeah , Pilot . I suggest you and Rygel hurry . It appears that Chiana already has the Nebari up on the Command ! - Already ? - Yes ! - And I have nothing to show them . - Aw , hell . So , Chiana ... I told you I was ready to cooperate . I don 't want to be cleansed . Don 't need to be cleansed . That 's what I want to prove to you . You said you know where Nerri is hiding . Yes . I know . And I 'm ready to tell you . I told her to wait half an arn ! - It has been half an arn , Crichton . - Yeah , well , we 're not ready yet . What are you two doing ? Oh great , just what we need , a lobotomized Luxan . Hey , hey guys . How you doin ' ? You wanna give us a hand here ? Y 'know , Moya 's amnexus conduits are really frelled a lot worse than I thought . Totally frelled . But I finished adjusting the amnexus conduits myself less than an arn ago . So if you are not fixing the amnexus conduits , that would mean that you just lied , which would indicate ... That you are no longer ... Mind-cleansed . Wow , y 'know , you 're both really mistaken , but if you don 't wanna help , just leave me alone . I can work in peace , man . No , I think we all need to go and see Varla . I can 't do that , Aeryn . Then you leave us no choice . Hey ! Y 'know , I thought that mind cleansing removed inappropriate behaviors ? You know it really pains us to do this to you John , but you have left us no other options . Drop what you 're doing now , Rygel . But I ... Hey , Ryge ! It 's a good idea , man . - Drop what you 're doing . - Are you completely fahrbot ? Just ... don 't argue . It 's inappropriate . Ah , if you insist . - Bitchin ' , man . - Bitchin ' . This is not a game , child . You said that you had information about Nerri 's whereabouts . Either you do , or you don 't . You gotta give me some time . I 'm a slum kid from the south walden Prime . Hey , Varla ? I 've got something of great urgency to tell you . Wow . Is everything cool ? What is it you want to tell me ? It appears as though we 're being shadowed by a Peacekeeper patrol . Servicer . Report ? Commander Crichton is correct . Moya 's sensors are detecting a squadron of prowlers closing fast . - Prepare for confrontation . - With what ? She 's a leviathan . She doesn 't have any weapons . How screwed does that make you ? This vessel is large enough to withstand a prowler attack . Maintain course and increase speed . The prowlers are not alone . They have a vanguard of a full Peacekeeper command carrier . Has the larger vessel located us yet ? Affirmative . It has just entered Moyas sense horizon . - Do we have visual ? - On forward portal Whoa . Detail . - How could they find us ? - Initiate defensive maneuvers . The only defensive maneuver Moya 's got is-is StarBurst . And I am restrained from starburst upon penalty of death . Maybe we should let the pilot go . Then we can escape . No , maintain course at all costs . The safety of our rendezvous point is near . The command carrier 's frag cannons have locked and targeted us . They wouldn 't fire before contacting us ... would they ? They 're firing ! I cannot out-turn it . Impact in three microts ! Direct hit , upper canopy ! Uh , yeah , Pilot . Uh , damage assessment ? Outer hull breach . Primary and secondary iriscentent fluid glands ruptured . Emergency ! Directional stabilizers vaporized . filters non operational ! Maneuver from their range , Pilot ! I cannot ! My control of the ship is decreasing with each another star bomb ! Prepare for impact ! Attention leviathan . I am Captain Crais , Commander of the Peacekeeper Pleisar regiment . Our sensors detect a presence aboard your vessel of a Nebari star runner which we have been pursuing . A boarding party is being dispatched . Do not attempt to turn them away . If you do , it will mean the destruction of your ship . I warn you , do not test me . How far to the rendezvous point ? You 'll never make it . - How far ? - At least one arn ! - Do we have any capability of outrunning this pursuer ? - Not without StarBursting , and one more direct hit and even that will be gone ! Hey ! We really ought to cut the collar off that pilot so we can StarBurst , y 'know ? There is no time to starburst . If the Peacekeepers get the girl , she 'll lead them to Nerri . And that will mean Peacekeeper 's aid to the resistance ! No ! Hey , no ! Hey , y 'know , that goes against everything Nebaris stand for , man ! You can 't just kill her in cold blood . All is forgiven if it is in the service of the greater good . Help me , please . - Give me your gun ! - No . You 've got to choose between these two women . You have to choose ! No ! You are senior here , Varla , but I resist the temptation to terminate the prize that we were sent to retrieve ! - No ! - Pilot , now ! You know , you don 't have to kill her ! This entire Peacekeeper experience ? It 's a ruse . No Peacekeeper command carrier ? Pilot , terminate the simulation ! But Commander , the vessel attacking us is real ! Cut the crap , Pilot ! Terminate the simulation ! If I had released Pilot 's control collar ? We would StarBurst away from your rendezvous point you foul skank . You see Meelak , discipline and faith defeats any insurgence . No ! You betrayed me . And you have betrayed the spirit of our people . Sorry you had to do that . I had no choice . Hey Pip , you okay ? Yeah ... yeah . Crichton , did that work for you ? I thought it worked . Yeah , Pilot . You 're the best . You were great . Just how long do you intend to keep us here for , Rygel ? As long as it takes for the mind-cleansing to wear off ? It has frelling worn off ! Isn 't it obvious , sweet Rygel , that we are no longer cleansed ? Must be absolutely certain ! We are in the vicinity of the slave auctions where my son was sold , and you are wasting my time ! Pilot is already plotting a course . There 's nothing left for you to do but stay in there and metabolize ! I 'm coming with you . Nerri asked me not to bring you . He 's my leader . I do what he says . No , hey-hey-hey ! Nerri doesn 't know what he 's talking about . All right ? I 'm three cycles younger than him and I had to teach him how to-how to cinch his shoes . I believe if I limp across the Nebari boundary , and tell them we were attacked and everybody else was killed , they might believe me . And ... I still have information vital to the resistance . But I want to help ! Chiana . he 's right . It 's for the best . If you go into Nebari territory , you will be recognized and arrested . Ne - Nerri is alive . I just gotta - I wanna to see him . I understand , but you cannot compromise what he 's doing . Your brother 's alive . He 's alive . Take that . It 's more than you had yesterday . I want to go to him . I know ... but since when do people like us get what we want ?
