 Knock it off ! That 's enough ! Crais ... where is it ? Crais ! Yo , Captain ! Where is it ! ? What have you done ? I 've taken propulsion off-line to optimize the energy transfer rate I 'm hoping that it will ease his pain , and speed the recovery process Very elegant You seem to have an intuitive grasp of Talyn 's subsystems Well ... it just felt right It is more than right I can sense his easing Have you given any ... thought to my previous proposal ? Talyn , open the door ! Crais ! I know you 're in there , play time is over ! Open the damn door ! Meet me later in my quarters , there is much more for us to discuss Talyn , open the door Hey , you want to mess with me ? What seems to be the problem ? Keepin ' the DRDs over my head workin ' 24 / 7 , so I can 't sleep ! Repairs to Talyn ... All of the doors locked ! the shower ice-cold , so I 'm freezin ' the boys off ! John , what are you talking about ? It 's not really a problem , but you do not mess with my stuff ! Where 's Winona ? What ? Wi ... non ... na ! His pulse pistol My gun Well , maybe Rygel came ... Rygel and Stark have been on recon for more than a day ! John ... Don 't call me John ! Crichton , then Are you accusing me of theft ? Talyn , you 've seen them both naked . Perhaps you can tell us who 's bigger Talyn ... In addition to their current duties , please have the DRD 's keep an eye out for Mr. Crichton 's pulse weapon , he seems to have mislaid it Will there be anything else ? Yeah , hang a left before we hit that moon What moon ? Small one , dead ahead Our orbital plan is well clear of this planet 's moons How could we miss it ? Might have been below the ring plane Talyn ... get a fix on all orbital objects It 's changing course and speed ... accelerating Talyn , remain calm Main Cannon is arming Aeryn , bring propulsion back on line Working on it ... 20 microts Talyn , focus on propulsion That 's no moon Talyn , focus on propulsion ! That 's budong ! Aeryn , propulsion ! Should be on-line ! It 's totally black out there ! This big guppy just locked us in ! Talyn , cease fire ! Officer Sun , try and override the weapons ! Talyn , you will desist ! It 's not working ! Obviously we hit something The main cannon is out , it 's damaged And maneuvering jets are firing No , Talyn , no ! Do not panic , you 're costing us vital time ! Talyn , listen to me Focus on a single point with your senses Align yourself with that point and block out all other distractions Well done , Talyn What do we know about budongs ? Next to nothing Live ones are exceeding rare We 're still moving We 're caught in some sort of electromagnetic current , and we 're moving ... Down , we 're goin ' down We 're bein ' swallowed ! We 're movin ' down Talyn , set a course against the current Officer Sun , options ? We 're incapable of Starburst Can we shoot our way out ? No . The main cannon is dead , we are flying in the dark , and we are still losing ground to this current Down . Do we want to be goin ' down ? We have no notion of which way is up or which way is down ! Yo , Jonah , we have been swallowed ! That is down , and I , for one , do not want to be budong chow ! You will limit your remarks to something useful , - No , Crais - or I will ... Or what ? ! He 's right John is right Drop anchor Anchor ? Yes , anchor ! No , Talyn but only slightly stupid , it might buy us time Officer Sun , take Crichton , get suited for space In the armory you 'll find a case of taks ... Taks ? ... use the hammond-side access chamber Mooring points are located on the hull Outside Yes , sir , I have it Dropping anchor Tak-five torpedoes , handheld Fusion-bonded rhenium claws ... stick , never let go Cables attach to the rear So , we 're gonna use this high-grade hardware like a mooring harpoon ? Unless you have a better idea It was my idea , but it 'll work ? Well , the cables are iridium alloy As long as we hit bone , we should hold fast Good . I must be smarter than I look That would be easy All right You know , I 'd be ... happy to swap jobs , come back in there and work the mooring control panel Forget about it , you can 't even operate door controls There 's a reason for that Do it Damn ! Your twin got the brains ? No , Crais He 's tryin ' to make a point If I may interrupt ... Damn . Open channel Officer Sun , this current is pulling us , 1.2 metras a microt ! Almost there You ready ? Do it Do not ... argue ! All right , we don 't have visual yet Wall range is closing Zero-point-five metras I can 't see anything yet I need visual . I need to be able to see the ribs Point-one ... Still nothing . Pitch black coulda woulda shoulda brought a flashlight Crais ! Whoa ! Navigating against this current is proving to be somewhat ... difficult Don 't know yet Soft flesh ! We missed the bone ! Not gonna hold ! Talyn , reverse jets ! Release the cable ! Too late , get down ! Reload Got it Crais , I 'm gonna go for a second shot Talyn , back to the wall ! Still ... no visual Talyn ... slower There it is ! Go , go , go come on Crais , stabilize the frelling ship ! We 're holding ... swinging towards the wall What are you doing ? That one held ! Making sure ! Door ! Crais ! Third Tak away ! Whose stupid idea was this anyway ? Yours What do you mean , they 're not here ? How can you frell up a simple rendevous ? They 're just not here Not one of you deficients can properly read a chart Right , let 's call the frellniks Remember Aeryn 's mother ? Aeryn 's mother , Retrieval Squad ? ! Yes , well , she 's out there , and she 's looking for us Radio silence keeps us hidden , and alive If those toeskas have left us , after all I 've done for them ... Oh no . It can 't be What ? What the yotz are you looking at ? That lump ? That ' lump ' ... is a budong ! What are you doing ? ! Shutting everything down ! Stop being a welnitz ! We can just fly around it Budongs are harmless , aren 't they ? They 're a frelling shipping hazard Our ships energy fields make us ... 'electromagnetic candy I 've never heard anyone say that ! That 's because they 're all dead ! Dead ! We 're flying out of here No ! No , no ... not the power station ! Off-off-off-off-off-off-off ! I am the eater ! Not the eatee ! Can we ... please re-start the pod now ? Cables are holding Yes Good It was well done By everyone It 's warm in here Aeryn , ah , there is something we need to discuss How to get out of this animal ? Indeed Crichton will be up here shortly What we have to discuss does not concern him I have engaged privacy mode , and I wish to speak solely with you Crichton , meet ... my quarters Crais , your comms are fritzing . Where ? Meet me ... in my quarters Quarters Because of what has passed ... between us I wanted to wait ... for you to make up your own mind in your own time But , events have led us to a new situation Crais ! No , of course , not here Tell me he 's got pumps in the closet , or an inflatable Scorvian , or Winona PK vid chip Home movies ? Oh , I really shouldn 't Well , you can have anything you want . Anything Aeryn Sun , are you offering yourself ? You can take what you want , Crais , and I won 't stop yovu Listen , Crais I 'm not prepared to remain on board Talyn ... - Let me finish - under these circum ... Perhaps it would be best for ah ... Perhaps it would be best for you to see me as I am Sorry I 'm late What did I miss ? We were just discussing how best ... to resolve our ... predicament Really ? Yes Yes ... Talyn has completed his scan of the budong Right , have him whip up a hologram Not necessary I have a direct link We are moored in a passageway above the stomach The budong has too much mass to scan it 's length successfully , but I believe we can navigate the digestive tract And what about ... gizzards , stomach acids , bowel obstructions ? Budongs are very large structures And ... Talyn is designed for intense combat We should pass through You know what , I-I-I may have ... swallowed a-a quarter once or twice , but this seems to me to be a little bit different Can we not find an alternative ... use an alternative orifice ? A blowhole or something ? Not according to our scan So , according to ... your scan ... a-assuming this budong is not constipated ... you ... you wanna fly out the ass ? And-and Talyn can do that ? He , ah , he 's like , he 's not gonna freak on that plan ? Not with help What help ? I have decided to take the neural interface with Talyn The hand of friendship ? I see I thought Talyn was designed for one captain only We have devised a modified transponder for insertion Yes , I bet you have So you , ah , two , three ... you three are uh , gonna be one And ah , anything I can do to help ? At the moment , no . Nothing Exactly It 's a good plan Where are you going ? You heard the man ... nothin ' for me to do John , wait Aeryn , you do not want me there I-I do want you there Why ? To throw rice ? Forget about it , I 've seen my share of hardware insertion . I 'm not watchin It 's been modified Yeah , I heard that Less invasive ; it 's-it 's safer Yes it 's new , it 's improved it 's the Finger of Friendship , $ 19.95 ! But wait kids , there 's more ! What 's the matter with you ? This is the right thing to do For who ? For all of us . He needs my help to control Talyn to get us out ! Aeryn , Aeryn , do what you have to do I will Fine , but do not sugar coat it for me . " Right thing to do , " my ass And what 's that supposed to mean ? It means ... that you do things ... dthe way you want to , when you want to , with who you want to do them It 's got nothing to do with what I want ! It 's always about what you want ! So , yes , walk back in there and let Crais stick a spike in the back of your neck ... Listen to me ! It 'll be a brave new universe , Aeryn You and Crais , you can finally rejoin that Peacekeeper family you 've been pining ... for from the moment we met ! You have got this so ... Just don 't pretend to me ... that it wasn 't what you always wanted ! You finished ? You 're right ... I don 't want you there I know you think I 'm overreacting ... but I 'm not , I 'm keeping us alive ! A budong is a killing machine , death incarnate Five cycles I spent on a budong mining operation Thousands went in , none came out And those budongs were dead ! This one 's very much alive What 's that ? My mother sucks what ? ! You heard me What have you eaten ! Uh-uh-uh-uh ! Oh , I think I 'm going to ... Waste funnel 's in the back I love that trick Talyn , open the door Please Talyn , open the door ... Please ! Damn ... idiot There will be pain It will pass Try not to control Talyn 's systems too quickly , he was an infant when I joined with him His will and his ways are much stronger now Accept him for what he is , and he will welcome you This is a moment we have long waited for , Aeryn Are you certain ? He is beyond ... beautiful ... Welcome to our world , Officer Sun Reach out with his senses What do you see ? Passageways Now . Focus on a specific object ... The door ... Good Now , open it Very good . You learn fast I 'm tempted to say that you 've had enough for today , but circumstances being what they are ... imagine ... you wish to speak with someone ... someone far away For yotz sake , answer if you can hear , faddicks ! I did that ! You aligned your comms with long-range scan . As I said ... you learn very fast Hello out there , anyone , come and get me off this stinking pod ! Dominar , you 're back from recon Well of course I 'm back . Where the yotz are you ? We are somewhat ... inconveniently tethered inside a budong Inconvenient ? Kiss my mivonks Stark ... get out here . Stark thinks he 's some kind of budong expert What ? Oh , you 're loose ! Not half a loose as Chiana . Now listen , I 've got Talyn on the comms They 're stuck inside the budong Inside ! ? No Not for long . We hope to pass through the digestive tract shortly No ! no-no-no ! You-you can 't ! It 's stomach is an inferno ! Nothing ever comes out of a budong alive ! Talyn ... It 's stomach burns at five-thousand klances Anything that goes in comes out ... - ... liquid ore ! - Shut up ! Shut up ! Shut up ! Shut up ! Talyn ! Calm yourself No , Talyn ... Talyn , do not panic ! You 're dead ! You 're dead already ! We 've lost the pod signal Talyn , calm down now ! Aeryn ... Yes Is manual override in place ... for the mooring ? Yes ! Stay at that control , do not let Talyn release ! Crais ? ! Talyn what are you ... . ? What have you done to him ? John , get up here now ! What went wrong ? ! What happened ? I 'm not sure , Talyn was screaming to be released and then Crais was trying to reason with him , and he ... Where 's Crais ? I thought he was with you Talyn , where 's Captain Crais ? He was Talyn , listen to me ... You didn 't see him leave ? Oh , well- - I was busy ! Talyn ! He 's not responding Houston , we have a problem . Didn 't you take the transponder ? Then use it I see him Access Chamber He 's trying to release the cables What ? Why ? ! I-I don 't know Well , can you stop him ? Wait , I ... ye-yes , I can keep the cables secure , but I ... I can 't leave this override panel It 's the only advantage I 've got Fine . I 'll go , you give me your gun . You hold him off Listen ... Aeryn , your gun ! Listen , he 's got ... Aeryn , get ready to open the access chamber door I 'll try Crais has released a cable One more and we 're budong manure ! I can 't stop him , and Talyn is resisting Aeryn , the door ! I 'll try Crais ! Get your fat , hairy ass away from the mooring controls I see you 've found a weapon What do you intend to do with it ? Shoot me ? That 's one option Of course it is We 've come full ... circle , John Crichton Now you want to kill me And then don 't make my day Step away from the panel I can 't Talyn won 't let me He doesn 't believe the Banik He wants to fly free You 'll have to shoot me You see , Crais I don 't have to kill you I wish ... you had ... Talyn ! Talyn ! stop it , now ! Kill me ! Aeryn , what the hell is goin ' on ? ! Talyn , please ! Wake up , Bialar Talyn ... ? Aeryn knocked him cold Where is she ? She 's on the bridge , patching up systems She 'll be here in a little bit , but before she gets here , if Talyn wakes up you and I are gonna have a little QA Put that weapon away No , you might be right , I might want to kill you Ask your questions You and Talyn ... what the hell is goin ' on ? Cybernetic bleedback My sores and lesions are physical symptoms You want to expand on that ? Talyn did that ? In times of stress ... our emotions , our desires , can merge ... and Talyn can gain a degree of control over me Resistance ... causes pain Clarification ... Talyn controls you ? Crais ... you just set up Aeryn for the same problems you 're having No , her transponder is limited She will not be harmed by Talyn You ... cockroach The choice was Aeryn 's . Are we finished ? No I keep hearing ... that you 've changed I think ... weather changes And we just keep making the same mistakes Remember why you 're alive Crais Are you all right ? I 'm alive How is Talyn ? I overloaded his beta channel . Knocked him into sleep mode He may have a mild headache when he comes around in a few arns You surpass yourself Officer Sun I wouldn 't want to try it again . I don 't think he knew what I was doing this time Well , we must ah , wake him , the sooner ... Whoa , whoa , hang on . Don 't we want to figure out what we 're gonna do first ? You 're no use to us dead , you rest I have to get to the bridge No , rest ! You 're not going to make it out the door in your current condition I must get it to the ... bridge Why doesn 't anyone ever listen to me ? I 'm gonna check the cables Don 't shoot him unless you have to Is the budong far enough away ? Yes Is it watching us ? Mm-mm-mm ... No Well , let 's power up and escape while we can That 's it ! That 's ' vomit ' ! No ! That 's it ! Aeryn , Crichton , Crais ! I see it ... a plan ! Aeryn ! Crichton ! Crais ! Why don 't they answer ? Because they 're dead Give it to me ! What ? You pulled the comms relay circut . Give it to me ! Get back ! They are dead , and we are leaving ! Now , be a good little Banik and help me power up this pod Cable 's fine Mooring control is totally buggered , but we should be able to cut loose if we have to What 's your problem ? Shouldn 't you be with Crais ? He 's sleeping Answer the question Aeryn , I am ... doing everything I can to get us out of this absurdly large space monster I am doing the good little soldier bit What else do you want from me ? I want you to stop acting like a drannit You know what ? I have no idea what a drannit is No , don 't play dumb with me . That hasn 't worked for over two cycles , John Aeryn , I am dumb ! I don 't understand you half the time , and I have no idea what a drannit is ! Fine ! Forget the drannit ! Fine ! Screw the drannit ! What ? You really have no idea what a drannit is , do you ? What 's a drannit ? Vomit ... come in please ... vomit Stark . You 're still here ? Oh , wonderful ... they 're alive Now you can torture them with your inane dribblings I know how we 're going to get you out of there Vomit ! Vomit ? Rygel and I are going to feed the budong ... over feed the budong ice ... Ice ! from the plants rings Beautiful , Stark They can now die laughing Wait , wait , wait . There 's more You 're going to have to dump some of your cesium fuel Our fuel Yes Dude . Cesium and water , and ice is water , make exploding water Yes . The explosion should make the budong vomit , and you can ride out on the wave of the vomit , in front of the vomit Stark , give us a moment They 're going to say yes No . Sebaceans are ugly , not stupid They know that cesium fuel and water do not react without an ignition source They 'll say noooo Here it comes Stark , we 're going to have to say no See ? You can light the cesium with-with Talyn 's cannon Talyn 's cannon is out of commission But we-we have to have a really big explosion ! You must have some kind of something that explodes or something ! No . The main cannon is out , and I 've launched all the Ta ... Oh " Oh " ... they had warheads " Oh , " I disarmed them You really should tell me these things . How big ? Big enough Stark ... We have an ignition source Crais Crais , wake up ! Budong eats , you guys dump the cesium , I set the bomb and free the cable ... we all fly out I 'll talk you through the procedure to arm the warhead and release the cables Then we 're on the clock ? Yes . You can delay the detonation by five hundred microts But if you are outside the ship when it goes off ... I 'm toast Stark ? We 're waiting on you Yes ! Electromagnetic candy ! You flew across it 's eye ! ? I had to be sure it would follow Well , it is , and it 's gaining ! This pod could never outrun a budong ! We just want it to eat , ' cause we 're candy ! Candy ! You 've killed us all , you trankass ! Mother always said I 'd die from incompetance I finally know what she meant That 's why we keep people like you chained in the first place ! Your entire race ... Shut up ! We 're candy ! Okay , I 'm there Man , you guys should see this ugly sticky-flesh Kind of like my Aunt Ruth 's special jello Can you access the panel ? Ah ... yeah , gimme a second Yeah , got it Right , don 't press the green button yet , that arms the warhead Blue keys the cable release Crichton , ready for the sequence ? Don 't frell this up Aeryn , gimme some slack I 'm on maneuvering jets . Crais , can you start waking Talyn up ? Talyn is already awake ! What ? John ? Hey , Stark , you ready yet ? I 'm stuck out here in Spamland Yes . Sort of ... No , no , no ... Come on No , no , wait ! Why isn 't he communicating ? John ? I need you to put a hold on what you 're doing , I need you to wait His comms aren 't ... Uh , no , no ... Ah , give me a break Oh , yes ! Now , do it now ! Do it now ! Damn , gotta love that boy 's confidence Warhead armed , 500 microts and counting We 're moving Talyn ... John , answer me Releasing cable ... now Mother ! The cable , Aeryn ! Aeryn , Aeryn ! We can 't outrun the budong much longer , you should have dumped enough fuel ... Not now , Stark Talyn , Crichton is outside the ship He already knows He 's been awake for some time , and moving into position for the fuel dump He 's doing what ? He 's leaving Crichton behind He-he can 't He correctly fears being too close to the point of detonation Talyn just spaced John Aeryn , can you read me ? ! Can you read me ? O-kay ... I 'm at the hatch ... comin ' in ! Open the door ! I never thought ... I tried to warn ... Talyn never ... trusted Crichton What are you talking about ? Crichton 's not a Peacekeeper , he 's not a Sebacean So ? So , he finds him offensive ! Perceives him as a threat ! To whom ? ! You He wants to protect you John is only dangerous to himself ! I tried to persuade Talyn that he was wrong about Crichton Well then , persuade him now to go back and get him ! He cannot be coerced , he will do as he wants . I can do nothing ! Don 't you lie to me , Crais . This is not about what Talyn wants You have taught him everything he knows . This is about you , me and John Hey , Talyn I 've been reviewing ' this situation Aeryn 's pretty pissed at me , but ... she kinda likes me Talyn , prepare to dump 70 % of our cesium No ! Talyn ... Aeryn ... Crais ... well ... he hates me , but he 's not stupid He knows if he kills me that Aeryn would do the math , and his shot at domestic bliss would be cut off along with his balls I regret ... losing Commander Crichton He was an honorable man But we need you here now ! That leaves one suspect Open the door , you souless , tinheaded , adolescent pig ! Crichton is gone ... you 've seen it Talyn , show me ... The truth ... Peacekeeper lies I 'm ... So you should be Aeryn ! Aeryn ! You have to do it now ! You have to dump the fuel now ! Yes , Stark , 200 microts are left , I concur Talyn , initiate the fuel dump now Open the frelling door ! Open it ! Talyn ! I recommend you do as Officer Sun requests ! Detonation in 80 microts Talyn ... I want you to share something with me ... before he dies You can taste something that is denied to Peacekeepers Something that you will never know Aeryn ... Can you feel that ... . ? Good Talyn ... that ... is what it is to need someone You don 't need me ... you never will Aeryn ... no ! 10 microts ! Five , four , three , two , one ! Detonation ! Yes , yes , yes , yes ! I ... knew it would work Talyn ... docking web , on that pod ... And set a course ... away from here I wish you would reconsider My life has been filled with doing what others think is right For me ... for now ... this is right Before you go ... This contains various surveillance logs I believe ... Talyn showed them to Crichton Have you seen them ? No Perhaps you should Some of the entries are very ... creative I see you found Winona DRD had it Have you seen this ? Yeah When did you see it ? Aeryn , I 'm not your boyfriend , I 'm not your husband , I 'm not your anything ; you can do what you want It 's not real You know that ... don 't you ? The , uh ... the last part . Talyn ... altered the image . I never ... recreated with Crais Not that it should matter It does It never did before ... See , uh ... I had this life I liked it , it had rules ... I followed the rules ... and that made everything right And then you come along and you frell everything up This strange human , with ... arrogance , stubborness ... Dumb Let me finish You saw the recording , and you didn 't say a word You are like a plague , John Crichton , and you have ruined my life And yet I just ... keep coming back You could talk now Let me show you something Come here , I 'm not gonna bite This is a star chart These are the names I give the stars They 've already got names Yeah , I know , but ... Mintaka Three sounds ... boring to me , anyway , that 's Hewey , Louie , and Dewey You see that one ? That 's that star right there ... the bright one That 's my point of reference ... my guide ... and it always becomes the center of my chart I always name it Aeryn You say it 's your guide ? It 's my one constant Would you like to name some stars ? There 's a lot of them ... And we could take our time
