 Previously on Farscape ... Crais , come in , this is Aeryn . Pilot , there 's no answer from Crais . Nor is Moya getting any answer from Talyn . Aeryn , what do you see ? He 's been hit hard . Crais ! Where is Talyn ? I can barely sense him . He is alive , but unresponsive . Moya is supplying nutrients . Talyn destroyed one Prowler . But their attack was merely a diversion . Peacekeepers . They ... want Talyn back . A Vigilante with an immobilizer pulse . What attacked Talyn was a Retrieval Squad . You do know , John , that if we can revive Talyn , we have to Starburst away immediately , and we can 't go back . There is something I deeply wish to share with you . Wake up , Aeryn . I 'm your mother . I came to tell you something . You were concieved in love . Our love . We wanted you , ... My mother . Yes . The Retrieval Squad . She is somehow part of it . The Squad is under the command of Senior Officer Xhalax Sun We 're out of the bonisphere . And Moya 's sensing a Peacekeeper scan . Talyn , Starburst immediately ! Talyn 's done it , he 's escaped ! There will be no contact with Moya until the threat of the Retrieval Squad is resolved . they are hoping that my mother 's presense will divide my loyalties . But I will * not * let them get Talyn back . Even if it means I have to kill her . And now on Farscape ... Rygel ! Oh ... I may be small , but allow me to remind you ... that only serves to put me at castration level ! What 's the matter ? Didn 't sleep well ? How could I ? With them on the other side of this ... very thin bulkhead ! Bit noisy , were they ? She was bad enough , but Crichton ... he was louder than she was ! He actually sounded like he was exerting himself ! What kind of a male is he anyway ? They 're between bouts . Give them a few microts Hang on What the matter ? ! Oh , god ! You were louder than that , believe it or not How much longer ... ? How much longer what ? ... does Talyn have to stay onboard this planet ? Oh , well ... heavy gravity 's letting him sleep Stark said that the uh ... vegetation has restorative power so it 's our one quick stop chance to get him back to full fighting strength I suggest you all get up here immediately Talyn 's sensors ... ... sensors have picked up another ship entering the planet 's atmosphere Dangerously close Damn Friend or foe , friend or foe , friend or foe ... ? Talyn 's laboring to discern that If it 's a Retrieval Squad are we going to be able to blast our way out of here ? Talyn is powered down to stasis level on all systems facilitating the recuperation process We all agreed to take that chance So , in other words : " No , we can 't move " - Friend or foe , friend or foe , friend or foe ... ? - Will you shut the frell up ! Of course it 's a " foe " , we have no friends ! Talk to us . What do we got ? Talyn has identified it as the Vigilante the Peacekeeper ship pursuing us We 've got to do something ! There 's nothing we can do ! Crichton , you always have a plan ! Well , sometimes How close ? It has just landed It 's your mother who 's running the frelling Retrieval Squad . Maybe we can use that Yo ! Not now , Rygel Not now ? ! They 're here , Crichton , on the planet They 're gonna be knocking down that door at any microt ... and our ship is sound asleep ! Xhalax ... Heavy gravity ... Two ... two and a half times what my species is used to How is your wound ? I will ... earn my share ! Good news ... your shares have just increased Decoys ? This is an awfully big ship . You really , really , really think the three of you can ... Stark , if you have any other ideas we 'll be thrilled to hear ' em before we go out The Peacekeeper ship set down some distance from here Clearly the planet 's vegetation is masking Talyn 's whereabouts , as we were hoping That 's not gonna last forever We gotta get these guys away from Talyn and give him a chance to recuperate , then we got a shot Maybe Talyn 's restoration is nearly complete . We need only buy him a little more time What about me ? Hm ? What about me , why can 't I go out ? I agree . I am the logical choice to stay here with Talyn - Logical ... - yes , but it ain 't gonna happen , boy - Listen to me they 're here to take Talyn . We can 't let them anywhere near him when he 's vulnerable like this Crichton , Crais and I will go down . You will stay here and keep him calm Wake up , Aeryn I 've been watching this The night your mother came and saw you My name ... is Xhalax Sun I 'm your mother Rygel , what the hell are you doin ' ? She ... sounds like she likes you Maybe we can use that to , ah ... This is Aeryn 's stuff Keep your hands off , and your nose ... out of other people 's business Well , uh ... what are we supposed to do , when you 're out there and dear old mother comes blasting in ? ! Buckwheat ... we 're gonna keep the Retrieval Squad away , and you 're gonna keep your hands ... off Aeryn 's stuff Is that clear ? I don 't give a ropey dren about heavy gravity Our targets are near . Keep moving ! How many missions have you been on ? Six Nine Nine and out , right ? This is your last mission as a mercenary ? You complete this one , and you can buy your freedom You have a mate ? Offspring ? Yes Nice , it 'd be a frelling shame if you and your mate here screwed up , and you were to start your mission count back at zero So frell the gravity , cinch up your mivonks ... and keep moving ! Pulse rifles ! Definitely Peacekeeper ! This way ! What the hell 's wrong with this gun ? I don 't ... know Maybe the Chakan mist is ruining the pulse deploy Well , they 're either after us , or they 're not We 've left a trail Stevie Wonder could follow Oh , well . Wait What Oarusk fruit Remind me not to put that on my Cocoa Puffs Oh ... stop that incessant humming ! When you stop that hiccuping I hiccup when I 'm nervous ! Well , I hum when I 'm nervous ! A hiccup is involuntary you ... pellish venker ! Humming isn 't ! Rygel What Vines from outside , growing inside Fresh trail , that way Indigenous ? No , Sebacean Okay , welcome to the butthole of the universe Very close Three point vector Are you up to this ? We are ready This can 't be good ! It can 't be bad It 's the same vegetation that 's helping to heal Talyn Rooted to the planet ! How 's Talyn supposed to take off ... with this stuff ... laced through him ? ! Once Talyn 's back to full ... strength , I 'm sure he 'll be able to tear himself away ... easily ! Come on , pull ! How far have we gone ? Not quite one full metra One more metra , we should circle back Right What you got ? That way ! There ! Cover me ! Aeryn ? John ? Aeryn ? John Damn Move and you die ! Where is he ? Are you Xhalax ? Are you Xhalax Sun ? ! Where is he ? ! Stop ! Nice to see you again , Mother Aeryn ? Aeryn ! Crichton ! Crichton , stop making noise or they 'll find us I 've been hit Aw , hell , that 's ugly I-I gotta find Aeryn Crichton , don 't you leave me here The Retrieval Squad , they 're using Colartas They 're using what ? Expert Trackers You leave me here bleeding , they will find me and kill me And ? Are you shot ? No ... the gravity One of my hearts , it has ... burst Can you move ? Won 't slow you down ... I can still ... track Have you seen Xhalax ? No ... I can ... locate her No But she might be wounded We pursue and retrieve our target That is our mission We don 't get paid for finding Xhalax Move What are you doing ? Do you want to bleed to death ? What do you think ? Then shut up This might sting a little Okay ... maybe ... more than a little This should ... slow the bleeding , stop any bone from working it 's way out . At least , temporarily You knew who I was Who are you ? I 'm Aeryn Aeryn Sun I 'm your daughter If you are my daughter , you are a Peacekeeper I 'm not a Peacekeeper anymore Then you are with Crais Where the hezmana have you been ? On the Bridge Comfortable up there ? Because while you 've been fotzing around , I 've been trying to keep this dren ... Rygel ! ... from taking over every square ... Rygel , shut up ! Talyn , he 's almost healed ! What Completely ? ! It 's ah ... yes Can we blast ourselves free of this yotz ? Well , soon If , if , if we can keep these under control ... then I think Talyn will be strong enough to break free But what if the other 's aren 't back by then ? They 're up against a Peacekeeper Retrieval Squad out there Don 't delude yourself , fahrbot . They 're probably never coming back What do you smell ? Two of them One is unknown to me . The other is ah ... a Sebacean ... wounded At least with this ... gravity , the Colartas will be in more trouble than we are That 's a comfort . Get up . Get up ! We gotta get outta here Aeryn had ... positioning device So , she 'll be able to find her way back to Talyn If she is still alive She is still alive She is alive Where are you taking me ? Back to the gunship Which , I named Talyn , by the way Yes , I thought you 'd find that amusing Naming it after daddy ... it 's not amusing , it 's sentimental and weak Is that why you 're sparing me ? Because I 'm your mummy ? No Because , with that wound , out here , you will die Alive , you 're potential leverage Regulation Field-Op procedure insists you terminate all hostile personnel on point of contact Eliminate the threat And when I 'm dead , you can name your Prowler after me Oh , yes . That 's very funny Well , I no longer follow ' Regulation Field-Op Procedures ' , and I know it 's not by chance that you ended up out here on this assignment High Command knew I was out here with Talyn and Crais They probably thought " Send her mother " , or perhaps , you even volunteered for the pleasure , did you ? Thought you know , " If things go wrong , we end up face-to-face , perhaps the daughter will flinch . " I 'm not flinching You have no idea where we are going We could be going around in circles We 're not goin ' in circles , nimrod Because we 've never been here before . We 're completely lost ! Oh , God ! I hate mazes My first girlfriend , Julie , she loved ' em . Oh , boy , did she ! " Hey , Johnny , let 's go in the mirror maze together , huh ? " Hey , Jules ! Is this making ' you horney ? ! Our size and weight will give us a slight advantage over the Colartas But our sweat and blood will continue to lead them right to us Shut up You shut up ! No , you shut up . I got an idea ! What are you doing ? Here , smell that Geez , if this doesn 't cover our scent , or kill us ... I don 't know what will Yeah , that 's good , spread it around ! Don 't forget to ... cover your private bits How much ... longer ... til Talyn 's fully healed ? Look , I 'm still not sure we should leave , but ... We 're leaving ! As soon as Talyn 's ready , we 're leaving whether they 're here or not You got that ? Rygel Oh , what ? The hero Aeryn ! I ... always knew you 'd make it back The others aren 't as capable as you ! - Not as strong , no ... really , I ... - Shut up This is , this is your mother ? Aren 't you going to introduce us ? No What 's the news on Crichton and Crais ? No news , you 're the first back no scent How is that possible ? Body heat This way Here Crais ... Crais ! All right . Come on , John , come on , man . Concentrate Find Aeryn , get the hell out of here alive Oh , poor baby . Poor , poor Johnny Now is not a good time , Scorpy , go away On the contrary , you summoned me You know what ? You are really becoming annoying ... go away ! But your subconcious did , and that 's where I reside remember ? This point ... it needs to be sharp , but not so spindly that it is weak As long as you 're here ... these Pina Colada things chasing us ... are they everything Crais has cracked them up to be ? Oh , yes . In that at least , Crais has been completely forthright Where has he not been ... forthright ? As far as I can tell , Talyn 's systems are almost back to normal Then it 's time to wake him up and get aloft . We 'll use Talyn 's sensors to locate Crichton and Crais Talyn , activate the intruder ... Let us out of here , ya snarking dellot ! Let us out ! Ah , you murderous little beast ! You 're gonna be dead meat ! Dead meat , dead meat , dead meat ... Oh , you really do have three stomachs , and the smallest little heart I 've ever seen Help me please ... Stark Help ... me ... This is a remarkable vessel High Command could have never anticipated that their hybrid genetic would evolve so successfully What are you doing ? Can 't fire the ship up while he still has the capacity for independent thought You 're severing his higher functions After which I can fly him home manually Techs are standing by to bring him back to life ... once he 's got a control collar on Talyn is not like other Leviathans . He will die before accepting a control collar My mission is to subdue the Leviathan hybrid for easy transport Then track and deliver the second target Captains ... are the elite The most trusted jarheads in all the Peacekeeper ranks Cuz ... you make Captain ? You 're on the " A " list for all the top parties All the heavy duty crap that the Peacekeepers sure as hell don 't want floating ' free in the universe Crichton , listen to me ... You know , I always wondered ... why a swingin ' cat like you would be way out here in the boondocks Why you wanted so bad ... to be Talyn 's Prom date , and then suddenly ... it all came very clear to me You need us ... You knew we wouldn 't lift a finger to help you , but we would do anything to protect Talyn The Peacekeepers ... they 're not only after Talyn They 're after you From the moment you set foot on Moya , you knew that this day was coming , and you kept us as allies ... when they came gunnin' That 's not true ... that 's not the only reason I wanted to help you Crichton , you can 't leave me here like this Yes , I can What are you going to do ? If you 're what the Retrieval Squad wants ... brother ... this is their lucky day ! Hey , boys ! Can you smell him now ? ! Oh , Pina Colatas ! No ! Come back ! Crichton ! Crichton ! Even in this dormant state he still struggles against me Don 't do this He won 't struggle when I 've finished crippling him My entire life ... on every assignment , every transport ship , I scanned the soldiers ... looking for a face I 'd only ever seen once And now finally , seeing you , I feel nothing but shame Officer Sun , do you actually believe I care what you think ? ! Your sentiment disgusts me ! I have not wasted a microt of my life thinking about you ! You 're ashamed of me ? You A traitor ? An enemy to everything you were bred for ? ! The Peacekeepers made me the enemy that I am Look at what you are doing ! You are butchering this magnificent creature in it 's sleep When it wakes it will be a slave , and there is no guarantee it will survive the procedure ! You are pathetic You are not my daughter I am You made me very aware of that the night you came to me when I was a child and you told me what you 'd done Which , may I remind you , was not regulation I never came to you ! You only dreamt it Oh , well ... for many cycles I believed that But , you see , I now have a vid recording which I would be happy to show you if you 'd like to see it Or are you ashamed of your sentiment ? Yes I am , and I paid for it ! My superior officers knew I visited you that night They interrogated me ... and I professed my ... attraction ... for a certain Peacekeeper Officer My father Yes , Talyn He was older than I was , no longer as effective in battle But my superiors didn 't want to lose me So ... they gave me a chance to redeem myself What did you do to redeem yourself ? How did you redeem yourself ? By killing your father I found the scent again ... at last ! Wait ... this could be a trap The other might still be near Do you ... smell him ? No Captain Bialar Crais ... or should I say , ' former ' Captain Crais ? Do you have any idea how many Inquisitors want you back in High Command ? Our orders are to take you in ... alive But half alive is still ... Wait ... there 's ... I smell something ... Yes ! Hey , hey , Crais ! Couldn 'ta done it without ya ! Why didn 't you tell me ! Needed your fear , homebody . Needed the sweat ! I 've served my purpose as your lure , now untie me ! You don 't get it do ya ? Ain 't no way , son You stuck the knife in one time too many What , you 're just going to leave me here like this ? ! Well ... you earned it If you 're going to execute me , execute me ! Kill me ! But don 't leave me here to die ! You lied to us ! You betrayed us and you used us ! I used all my assets to stay alive ! And those assets were you ! You think of your own survival now What if Aeryn is dead ? She 's not What if she is ? How are you going to command Talyn ? How are you going to get off this planet without me ? And what if Aeryn isn 't back at Talyn when you get there ? What are you going to do then ? What about Rygel ? Is he dead ? He died for several microts , but I managed to get his little heart beating again Then I sewed the wound closed with the vines , the restorative vines But ... I 'm no diagnosan ... I don 't know what else to do She doesn 't know it yet , but Talyn is almost recovered All we have to do is wait till he wakes up He 's not going to wake up Aeryn Wake up , Aeryn Aeryn ... My name is Xhalax Sun The night you 've so conveniently forgotten I 'm your mother You mustn 't reveal to anyone that ... I was here , do you understand ? I came to tell you something Aeryn ... you 're life was not an accident You cared enough then , to risk everything ... to meet the child that you had concieved You can 't have burned that love away completely Talyn ... that 's your father 's name He and I ... chose to have you You were conceived in love ... our love I am that child I am part of you . I am part of Talyn I wanted you to know this Peacekeeper way isn 't the only way It 's not too late for you It makes you special We wanted you No ! This is dead history Your father is dead ! And you ... you will face a Peacekeeper Tribunal ... on a charge of high treason ! Rygel ! I 've been ... filleted The restorative vines , they 're working Rygel , come over here now and untie us ! Get over there ? ! I need bed rest , for at least the next fifty arns ! Have you seen these so-called stitches ? Who did this to me ? ! I did Oh , great ! A one-eyed hingmot with no 3-D vision ! How many of my vital organs did you puncture ? ! I saved your life ! Saved my life ? ! Look ! You sewed this to me ! Rygel ! My robes ... you sewed my robes to my chest ! Get over here now ! Is this thing workin ' ? It had better be We 'll never find Talyn without it Oh , for frells sake , Rygel ! Use two hands ! Two hands ? ! I 'm going as fast as I can ! My robes are stitched inside my chest cavity ! You are so ungrateful And ... I 'm trying to keep my guts from spilling out all over this frelling floor ! Right See if you can wake Talyn If he 's up to it ... when I get back ... we 're going Come on ... come on We 've been here . That 's Old Faithful , we must be near Talyn Aeryn ? I would take you back , attempt to redeem you if it was possible ! But your corruption is too advanced ! My corruption began the moment I was conceived ! No ! Watch his teeth ! Don 't you see ? My independence comes from you anyway ! I grew up wanting to be just like a woman I 'd only seen once ! You are a traitor ! I am the part of you that wanted to be a rebel ! The part of you that knew deep down inside what was right ... Shut up ! You 've resisted Peacekeeper doctrine before ! Shut up ! Why can 't you do it again now ? You ... are an abberation ! I am your child ! Right John , get out of the way Let her do it ! Let her shoot me ! No , Aeryn . Don 't kill her ! We have to You can 't ! There 's been too much killing ! No , we let her live She comes , she hunts us down again Aeryn ! You should not be the one to do this ! She can 't do it ! She 's afraid Aeryn , please Put the gun away You 're wrong Aeryn is right We must not let Xhalax live Officer Sun knows Peacekeeper regulations If we don 't kill Xhalax , she will come after us again Aeryn is not going to be the one to kill her mother You want her dead ... fine , you do it As you wish Somebody must do it Go , now ! You must not witness this ! Coward ! She can 't kill me I am right , aren 't I ? We let you live , you come and you find us again What , do you expect me to lie ? To beg for my life ? Crais is right I will hunt you down , and I will kill you Good bye , mother Aeryn , you have to go Go on , do it Do it No ! You 're recovery is truly a miracle If I don 't die of heklakos from these threads in my chest ! Don 't move ! Let me see ! There ... that 's done it ! Does it look all right ? You 're , you 're as handsome as you ever were And all things considered ... you know , Rygel , you 're lucky just to be alive again Alive ... again ? Yes For a while there you were dead No ! Yes And when I joined with you , to bring you back , I met with Zhaan Zhaan ? Yes That 's why you stitched the frelling tunic to my chest ! You were busy hallucinating ! She looked ... contented She whispered to me ... What ? It 's a prayer of guardianship It means ... she 's watching over us How is he ? Crais is attempting to splice his neural engrams with Talyn 's ... and if he can , then Talyn will be able to navigate on his own once again and we can get some sleep ... or not You don 't have to wait up for me if you don 't want to No , I don 't mind It is all we can do Yeah ... it 's just a large part of Crais 's psyche will now reside in Talyn It 's the only way to bring Talyn back to life My ... Xhalax ... was my last connection to the Peacekeepers All my ties to them are now completely severed I know
