 Shield levels are zero Team 3 ... prepare to open canopy Ionized indicators are holding steady at four-lurg-nine The pilot still hasn 't responded Another failure I can 't be Phase negative shield deployment will eliminate the tissue liquification effect Tell that to Officer Jedman Jedman mustn 't have followed instructions ! If he didn 't recalibrate his phasing prior to exiting the wormhole ... Don 't blame the Pilot for your mistakes I made no mistakes I have correctly interpreted the equations from the neuro-chip Yes , but ... those equations are incomplete Nonsense The neuro-chip is designed to locate ... all the wormhole knowledge in John Crichton 's brain True However ... I had coding section run a cross analysis on the data from the neuro-chip They found ... a hidden region Strongly encryted Why hasn 't it been deciphered yet ? It resists analysis It may be meaningless . A mere glitch in the datastream Or ... it could be the one vital element for wormhole travel ! The one element we lacked is the correct phase progression And I 'm convinced we have that now Convinced ? Yes In fact ... I wish to pilot the next test flight myself As your project leader , I cannot permit you to take the risk ! Oh , permission granted ! Our time grows short We have to take risks This has to be the key Bring me the neuro-chip Sir ? The neuro-chip , now ! Braca ... summon Nurse Froy , and report to my quarters Yes , Sir ! Socket in place Ready to install the neuro-chip Is this wise ? No But , necessary John ? John ? John are you here ? so you are Well , this is different Scorpy I must be in hell Tell me ... what 's the last thing you remember ? Ice Planet ... Diagnosan ... he was diggin ' around in my brain , tryin ' to pull your chip outta my ... Aah , n ... he screwed up ? I kicked it on the table ? I am in hell ! No , no , no . The Diagnosan was successful The chip was removed And John Crichton ... is alive and well Then what the hell am I doin ' here ? Well , strictly speaking ... you are not John Crichton But for my purposes ... you 'll do Scorpy , go away . Go home . I do not even want to hear it I 'm sick and tired of havin ' people clompin ' around inside my head This time it 's different . We 're not in your head at all . We 're in mine You 're head ? Well , do youself a favor ; kick the habit before it starts I 'm goin ' for some air ; do not wait up for me There 's no where to go I 'll explain I put a chip in Crichton 's brain , to download the wormhole equations the Ancients gave him Some ... neural spillover also took place , replicating elements of Crichton 's personality in the chip You 'll have to accept it ... you are not John All right , Scorp . Then , what am I ? Bootleg ? A ghost ? Holodeck Crichton ? A wandering soul that ain 't got no body ? A duplicate of John 's psyche , existing only within the neuro-chip ... and now ... within my own mind Why ? I need your help Man ... I 'm a ... I 'm a voice inside your head . What do you plan on usin ' as leverage ? Persuasion You know so little of me Let 's remedy that Let 's not and say we did - My earliest memory ... ... - Oh , God Is pain ... What the hell is that ? My first twelve cycles of life That 's a little too much information . You can keep your memories Don 't fight it . You 'll only prolong it Now watch You will not cry Sit up Sit ... up Faster Why can 't you sit up ? It 's hot It 's at less than optimal temperature I will make it warmer Do you know why you are here ? Because I 'm weak Why ... are you weak ? I am partly ... Sebacean Because ? My father ... was Sebacean ... And ? forced my mother ... to birth me Pilot , the deep space variances are increasing There is a wormhole around here somewhere Why don 't we double back and triangulate ? Again ? Yes , again . Unless you and Moya have something you 'd rather be doing You want to park and take a nap ? No , Moya is actually enjoying this opportunity for free flight Retracing the last vector now Thank you Ah , you know ... we 've been flying around aimlessly for nearly fifteen solar days , John It 's not aimless , D 'Argo . There 's a wormhole out there , I can smell it Besides , it keeps Moya 's mind off of ... Talyn and the Retrieval Squad Well , it hasn 't stopped me thinking about them Yeah , well , what do you want me to do about that ? You 're the one who decided we should stay away and let them deal with it Which suits you perfectly , so you can indulge yourself Fine , I 'm indulging myself Maybe I 'm entitled once in a while Yeah , once in a while You wanna push this , " Mister ... Let 's Go Find My Son " ? Look , it doesn 't matter what I think The point is ... that Chiana and Jool really need to get off this ship They 're driving each other insane , they 're driving me insane So do me a favor ... indulge them , for once The girls ... okay If this vector comes up empty , we 'll bag it ... and go for some shore leave You happy ? Very happy Glad you 're happy Hey , look ... sorry if I snapped You could use some sleep Yeah , you 're right Pilot ? Yes , Commander , I 'll wake you the microt Moya senses anything You the man . Pilot ... let him sleep for 12 arns ... don 't wake him up , no matter what Agreed The home movies are facinating , Scorpy , but why show them to me ? Patience , and all will be clear The Scarran 's name is Tauza No one else entered , nor spoke to me With what condition were you born ? Sebacean Heat Delirium Also known as ' The Living Death' Who saved you from it ? Scarrans Who ... specifically ? You Are you Scarran ... or Sebacean ? Scarran Then you ... cannot be weak Sebaceans are weak You ... must become strong She did teach me strength , and ... assisted of course by the usual Scarran incentives ... I was also taught endurance Th-thirsty ... Your liquid is here but , you must come and get it There are Sebacean impurities in your physiology You must overcome them Water ... please You pathetic infant ! Never ... use that word to me again A brief respite before we continue - ¿ Un Merodeador ? - Yes Sending a distress signal Pilot , Starburst away immediately No Pilot , this is definately bait for a trap This is exactly the same way that the Retrieval Squad ambushed Talyn Moya detects no other vessels , nor anything that could conceal them Besides , the occupant of the Prowler is a Relgarian What 's a Relgarian ? A species Moya and I trust What ? As opposed to us ? Transmission coming in now Leviathan vessel , I am Linfer Pilot , do not ... answer them Moya and I greet you in return May I come aboard ? Of course , deploying the docking web now Pilot ! I must say again ... I truly don 't believe this is necessary Well then , humor us DRDs are in position Prowler pilot ... Move towards the Hangar doors , and ah ... leave your weapons behind I did it ! Did what ? Solved the shielding problem I knew it 'd work Where 's John Crichton ? I need to speak to him , and to Pilot Lady ... you gotta talk to us first You have nothing to fear from me , and much to gain Tell Crichton ... I offer him the secret to wormhole travel I don 't like these readings Are they at critical levels ? No , but they soon will be Then proceed as Scorpius instructed All right , Scorpy , pick it up , let 's get this story over with Tauza 's attempts to teach control , weren 't entirely unproductive I discovered my hybrid body ... had a unique talent The ability to percieve energy signatures in living organisms Each species is different Still another weakness in Sebacean physiology Their skin ... it 's soft , permeable ... easily penetrated I soon discovered another trait of energy signatures They often changed , when the subject was being less than honest Sebaceans are a deficient breed Doubtless that 's why Peacekeepers wanted to hybridize them ... with Scarrans Tauza lied about the Peacekeepers I 'll have to take your word for that Oh , she lied Which only made me more determined to discover the truth about my parentage Of course to do that ... I had to escape I feigned obedience Over time ... she grew careless But I did not , and fortunately , my education ... included basic technology I 'd often watched Tauza operate the controls , dragging up data for my lessons , and I have an excellent memory So , it wasn 't difficult to obtain information about my prison Which turned out to be a Scarran Dreadnought It was passing through a neutral system I jumped ship ... in an evacuation pod , and hid out on a commerce planet ... and you lived happily ever after . Is this fairy tale over with yet ? Everything I 've shown you is true No doubt Scorpy the teenage hero outwits the Scarrans , makes it looks easy ... you goin ' for pity or applause ? Neither Scorpius ... is alive ? ! Yes But Crais and Talyn destroyed his marauder Yeah , and Scorpius was elsewhere , laughing at him the whole time It 's another grand Scorpy fake out I knew the bastard wasn 't dead All right ... Why did he send you ? Commander ! I came to you on my own Scorpius 's obsession with wormholes is making him irrational Scorpius is not alone in that regard How did you find us ? I correctly theorized that the wormhole we had discovered was part of a nexus of wormholes I checked several of the systems exit modes ... hoping that one of them would have attracted you for study So you got lucky I would have fled regardless I 'm convinced that whether Scorpius succeeds or fails ... I would be terminated The craft you flew through the wormhole ... did it employ phase shielding ? Well , I assume it didn 't Hence , you are the lucky one If that wormhole had been unstable in it 's rantath flux variance , as most wormholes are , you wouldn 't have survived the journey How did you survive ? I have developed a unique spectrum of negative phase shielding , which will allow any craft to safely traverse any wormhole I offer you this knowledge At what price ? Moya No deal I would treat her far better than you and the others have You know my species Yes Then you know our history with Leviathans I don 't , and ... I 'm the one with the gun Linfer 's is a peaceful race of explorers They use Leviathans to journey into deep space ... areas completely unknown Something ... Moya and I have dreamed of doing Pilot ... you and Moya 'd really consider this ? Moya and I would never abandon you , Commander Yes , but given the choice ? After I escaped , I traversed the Uncharted Territories for several cycles Unable to learn anything of my parents In desperation ... I flew into Peacekeeper space , and surrendered to the first Command Carrier I encountered I 'm Captain Molayne , and you 're ... ? I have chosen the name , Scorpius Scorpius Interesting choice I 've seen the logs of your interrogation Quite a life you 've had ... if your testimony is true It is But there were some questions you ... refused to answer As I told your interrogators , there are some topics I will only discuss with a Flag Officer A captain 's as high as you 'll get I 'm afraid You 'll deal with me ... or with more interrogators Frankly , I 'm a far better choice I propose ... an exchange of information I gave you only a summary of my life aboard the Dreadnought There is much more I can tell you about Scarran behavior , vessel design , security arrangements and so forth We could , of course , simply force that information out of you Doubtful ... and unnecessary My price is not high I remind you , I came to you ... voluntarily All right ... what 's the price ? I was taught ... that I 'm the product of a forced birthing ... between a Peacekeeper male ... and a Scarran female I believe that to be false I want to know the truth Why ? So you can find out ... who you are ? To find out ... who I should be Everything you tell us will be cross-checked ... If we find you 've been feeding us mis-information ... I will be executed as a spy Hold out your hands We 've correlated what you told us so far The pieces fit ... we know what happened The Scarran lied to you The good captain told me about a Leviathan full of Sebacean pioneers ... on it 's way to colonize a planet in the Uncharted Territories It was brutally attacked by a Scarran convoy ... and all the civilian passengers slaughtered One Transport Pod managed to escape and make a planetary landing These next images are not memory but reconstruction , based on the logtapes that Captain Molayne shared with me reached the planet and managed to land the pod at approximately mid-sun What are you recording ? A complete log And a distress call with locator vectors Do you think I should transmit it ? No The Peacekeepers don 't care about us Why tip off the Scarrans that we survived ? You can 't blame the Peacekeepers for what happened They didn 't warn us ; we were travelling outside their patrolled space They didn 't warn us that we might run into a Scarran massacre Don 't you think they would 've if they had 've known ? ! Even if they suspected it , they should have provided escort If this sector was dangerous , then we shouldn 't have come at all ! How the frell were we supposed ... I shouldn 't take it out on you This was supposed to be our home Well , we 're here No tools , no supplies , no grain seed Just one pulse pistol and ... whatever 's in this pod Like real pioneers Rylani ! No ! Ghebb , noooo ! The pod was found ... containing one corpse A male Sebacean ... but no trace of the female Rylani , that was her name ? Yes Rylani Jeema Dellos Born on New Heather ... disappeared on a Motak 4 colonization flight Age 22 cycles The Peacekeepers didn 't bother to salvage the Transport Pod Captain Molayne told me where to find it Apparently , nobody had touched it ... in at least ten cycles Or so I thought The pod is sealed ... do not attempt escape Scorpy , why would momma Scarran go to all that trouble to recapture you Well , setting a trap on a transport pod wasn 't that much trouble I should have forseen it I deserved what came next Too feeble to conquer your own deficiencies without help You are Scarran , or you are nothing We tried to make you one of us How could you reject that for a lesser species ? Give me a full account of your actions since your escape Begin ... with all Peacekeeper encounters Tell me It 's time to bring him out of it No The readings are now critical What he 's trying to achieve is even more critical He 'll survive Tell me All right , all right , enough already ! Scorp ... take five ! Apologies , John . Apologies ... always easy to get lost in one 's memories Readings are back within tolerance He survived He always survives That 's true I will stop now For the moment I don 't care ! Check all the access logs again ! For what ? ! Sir Linfer 's Prowler can 't be found We think ... we aren 't sure ... but , ah ... We 're checking now What ? She may have had access to certain restricted data files before she left Which may ... or may not , mean ... You think she intended to defect ? As I say ... we-we aren 't sure Well , find out Get some answers If Strappa doesn 't move fast enough ... give him some extra incentive Clear ? Quite clear ... sir ! Keep checking ! Keep , keep checking ! I hate to break it to you guys , but Moya and Pilot are for it Sounds more like they aren 't against it That 's not the same thing You 're actually considering handing Moya over to a stranger ? A stranger who works with Scorpius She ditched Scorpius Well , claims she did I believe that part There you go It 's this deep space explorer dren I don 't believe I , I think she just wants Moya so she can put some Starburst in between her and Scorpius Even if we were to agree ... Which , we don 't ... what happens to us ? With wormhole tech we can drop you anywhere you wanna go Home ... if you want Oh , great That 's if ... you can get it to work We 're gonna test it first , and until it works ... all Linfer gets is a guest room Just what we need ... another guest Didn 't you come on board ... as a guest ? That 's the point . We 're all guests here , and if Moya wants to go ... Can you stop pretending this is anything other than your idea This is exactly the attitude that got Zhaan killed That 's low Too bad D 'Argo ! Leave him alone Leave me alone ! Terrific ... this is what we 're arguing about ? ! The chance to stay cooped up together ? You know , if I was Moya , I wouldn 't want us here I brought you some food The others are still arguing That 's what we do best around here It no longer matters . I was wrong What is that ? Start of tissue liquification Induced by exposure to rantath flux in the wormholes Apparently my spectrum of phase shielding was ... only sufficent to delay its onset I request a favor How the hell did she get loose ? Pilot ... get that Prowler back here ! Pilot , thank you for granting my request I 'm sorry we won 't travel together Pilot , you let her go ? Correct She was dying Well , we might have helped her The offer was made ... she refused She said the cellular breakdown was irreversible There was nothing we could do So ... you just let her ... fly away and blow herself to bits Correct , again That 's a beautiful decision , man It 's funny how you only support Pilot only when you both want the same thing That 's crap , Jool Truth is never crap We have no other choice Do not interfere unless absolutely necessary But , sir ... Quiet I have shared these memories ... for a reason To show you what Scarrans are like ! Preachin ' to the choir , Scorpy . I got no love of Scarrans Then , help us ! Scarrans far outnumber Peacekeepers Without superior weaponry ... we will be crushed ! You wanna kill them , they wanna kill you I do not see a helluva lotta difference You let me finish ... I 'll show you the difference You lied about my parents Yes ... to secure your allegiance To make you hate Sebaceans ... as you should You failed ! You defy me ? Then see how easily Sebaceans break down and ... beg See your ... deplorable heritage Behold ... your parents Please ... help me ! Let me go ! Please ... please ! Nooooooooooooo ! We 're nearly finished , John You are the product of a Scarran male , and a Sebacean female The mating process shattered her fragile psyche During the gestation she pleaded ... for death You killed her ! Your birth was ... difficult You killed her In 90 other such matings ... the Sebacean female and her offspring perished You were the only one we saved Why ? ! To find out if Sebacean genetics could serve us But we now realize that Sebaceans have no value ... even as breeding stock Instead , the Sebacean race will be ... eradicated You will further that objective , by telling us all you can about Peacekeepers Can 't speak ... thirsty After my previous escape , the Scarrans ... should have instituted some rudimentary security on their transport pods , but they hadn 't Scarran hubris ... their primary failing You bailed again I sent out a locator signal , which enabled a Command Carrier to overtake and destroy the Scarran Dreadnought The Peacekeepers ... were most appreciative First Command has responded to my request Given your ... unique status and clear loyalties ... you are hereby exempted from all purity regulations So ... if you haven 't changed your mind ... Captain Molayne ... I tender my application for Peacekeeper service Excellent ... Through faithful service , I quickly advanced in rank , and created a special task force to develop wormhole techology Sweet move . Join the army , get them to pay for your pet project You think I want wormholes to betray Peacekeepers , and to conquer the universe myself ? I don 't want power I want revenge I want to wipe out the Scarrans before they wipe us out ! My people , yours , your friends Everyone you care about I 've already lost ... people I care about , because of you Where is my revenge , Scorpy ? I 've done what I thought necessary You 're entitled to despise me for it , but nonetheless , you and I have a common enemy ... Scarrans They plan to exterminate the Sebaceans , but they won 't stop there Nor with Luxans , Delvians , Baniks , or a thousand other lower life-forms They 'll stop ... when they 're the only sentient species left And if they discover wormhole technology before we do ... the galaxy is theirs And eventually , John , they will find earth Your race is defenseless They 'll be raped and slaughtered unless you help us These are the wormhole calculations the Ancients left in your mind We can 't decode them You can Go on , unlock it Give us the weapon we need ... to defeat the Scarrans Scorpius ... it 's not mine to give away You remember what the Ancients told me ? John ? " If you 're not smart enough to discover it for yourself ... you 're not smart enough ... to use it wisely " His temperature 's climbing , he 's in danger Well , thanks for the ... slide show Gotta go No , John , you cannot leave ! I 'll find my own way out You must retrieve it ! Scorpy , I 'm off the clock John ! We have to intervene Retrieve ... Not yet , he 's onto something Data ... ! Scorpy ... you 're gettin ' kinda warm to the touch You should take a break and calm down The neural stress is killing him Not yet I 'm removing the chip I said , keep away from him My duty is to Scorpius ! So is mine I will ... ... not let you leave ! Do you think ... that neural clones go to heaven ? Well , wherever I wind up ... when I see your momma ... I 'll be sure to give her your regards John ? ... John ? If you are here to give me another lecture go away Well , if you are going to be as sour as an unmated flibisk , I will go away What the hell 's a flibisk ? A flibisk , a flibisk ... it 's a , uh ... ten-legged creature about this big , very tasty , if prepared right But , if you prevent it from mating ... it gets very disagreeable Hell , who doesn 't You ever think we 've been on this boat way too long ? Constantly But so far , all the other alternatives have been worse Well ... here 's to that changing You know , Scorpy 's still out there He 's workin ' on the wormhole tech , and he 's a lot further along than I am He hasn 't found it yet And Linfer was wrong But Linfer found us And if she can , Scorpy can Voken nine , exponent nine , devera four ... three ... one Equivalence mastered , nine , palonic square ... equivalence interval , nine Volker hypercube ... brathmatic Six ... lurg ... one That 's everything I recall ... it 's incomplete ... but it should be enough to put us on the correct track It certainly will , sir I , I can already see solutions to , to several previously unknown variables Then resume work Sir ... Cybernetics section verifies , the neuro-chip 's circuits were ... destroyed by the heat It doesn 't matter We may now have the data we need Will that be all , sir ? For the moment Lieutenant ? Your ... recent performance ... has been exemplary Thank you , sir I was concerned that I 'd made the wrong decision Nurse Froy made the wrong decision Yours was correct under the circumstances Thank you , sir I hope my conduct continues to find favor
