 they 've designed these goggles so that you can look back into the past at the old monastery Come on ... check it out John , what are you talking about ? There is nothing here You have to put the goggles on Come on , take a look Put the goggles on . Do you want me to look ? Yes ... through the goggles Oh , my ... Pretty cool , huh ? Incredible This sucker is a tear in time It links to the past It looks back to the actual moment when the event occurred Now , check it out . This is the nurses surrendering to the Venik Horde Can they see us ? I hope not Keep watching . You 'll see the final attack on the Monastery This thing flicks back and forth between the attack and the truce This recording device is accurate I learned about this Jocation Memorial Well . Need I say more ? If you learned about it in Military School , it 's certain to be farko Five hundred cycles ago , thirty Peacekeepers lost their lives defending this monastery , and Subofficer Dacon is one of our greatest heroes Propaganda for morons I don 't believe ... ! Ah , ladies ... some decorum please This is a ' peace memorial ' . Let 's not kill one another You 're wrong you know Bullfrell You 're wrong ! Bullfrell ! You 're wrong , if you 'd only ... Subofficer Dacon stood right up there ! The device says , right up there ! Guts pouring out everywhere , bleeding , and yet he still managed to initiate the peace process to save the nurses Bullfrell ! Peacekeepers have always been a manifest military contagion that has raped and pillaged They haven 't died for any nurses ! That 's just a silly little story to help naive children sleep at night Do you know what would help me sleep better at night ? Stop it Do you want to hear ... - Stop this . Girls ... stop this ... - I 'm going to take this thing and shove it so far down your throat ! Okay ? Stop Good Rygel Can we get out of here yet ? D 'Argo It 's Chi No , no , no . We-we can 't leave yet Pilot still needs another arn to fix the condensers I 'll let you know when he 's done What are you doing in Zhaan 's quarters ? You know why I 'm here Same reason as you And why am I here ? To steal whatever 's left Yeah That 's right Well , we 're sensible you and me Leaving this to rot won 't bring Zhaan back No You can have whatever you find I don 't want it No Neither do I Stark Let me show you something Zhaan bought these Bought them for me I know , and you look great . You look like ... Astroboy Come on , let me show you But her voice is gone It 's gone now Come with me Come on With these , you can see 500 cycles into the past , as it 's happening ... back to the moment ... when the nurses here were saved Ah ... I don 't want to No , no No , it 's okay It 's a moment of peace It 's the very thing Zhaan treasured most Can you see it ? I can see ... I can see so much ... so much death ! - Get that mask off of him ! - What are you doing to him ? Stark ? ! I can 't see ! Shut up , would you ? I can 't see Stark , are you all right ? ! Stark ! He 's breathing . What happened ? Oh ... . Where the frell are we ? The old monastery How can that be ? We 're not wearing the goggles This is outstanding This is the finest simulation I 've ever seen . It 's ... so real ! It 's so ... Incoming ! Get down ! Get down ! D 'Argo , Jool 's hit ! Jool ! Jool ! Right , move now Come on , in Don 't touch me ! Move it - If you don 't move , you 'll die - Move it Oh , I thought we were at a peace memorial I got shot at a peace memorial ! Shut up What are you doing ? ! Stop screaming Nice hit All right , no weapons . Let 's figure out what 's going on here I know exactly what 's going on . Someone is trying to kill us No , Aeryn , I think Stark 's mask might have pulled us sometime into the past I kind of figured that one out John 's right If we change anything here , change the past ... The future might not happen as it 's meant to And we won 't get back So we don 't get back . But I 'm not dying just so that things don 't change Don 't move ! Whoa , whoa ! No weapons ! No , no , don 't shoot , don 't shoot , don 't shoot . Reinforcements You received our distress call ? Yes , we did . Are you Subofficer Dacon ? No , Commanding Officer Tarn Officer Sun , Subofficer Crichton ... Luxan is a mercenary How did you get inside ? We rappelled down the cliff face Only five of us made it ... but the Banik Five ? ! But we asked for hundreds of soldiers The Veniks , there are thousands in the valley ! Dacon , shut up , and get back up on the wall Yes , sir That is Subofficer Dacon ? Nurse ! Are there more reinforcements on the cliff ? - No - Yes Maybe All right , now they 're jamming all pulse weapons , so grab a spear and keep the bastards from getting in Hey , try not to kill anybody ! I 'm not gonna kill anyone ... Oh ... I-I might kill this guy ... Dacon ! Oh ! Sorry , don 't die , don 't die ! Officer Tarn ! What 's the matter , Pilot ? Why 'd you comm ? Have you heard from Crichton at the memorial ? Yeah , D 'Argo comm 'd about an arn ago He said Jool and Aeryn were ' trelk-fighting' That seemed normal Why ? What 's the matter ? Nothing . Just , ... when we arrived , the automated orbit instructions were broadcast in Jocation Yeah , well , it 's their memorial But now , Moya received a request to lift orbit This time the broadcast was in basic Venik vernacular Yeah , but didn 't the Veniks abandon the planet like , 400 cycles ago ? That 's what I thought Well , comm Crichton and D 'Argo I 'll poke around in some frequencies and see what I can find Do you all know the sacrifice you have made ... ? So what does that recording device say . Did we miss anything ? I don 't know It says here that the Veniks attacked , and all but one of the Peacekeepers were killed And that happened The one you saved ... was he supposed to die ? Dacon ? No , he dies when he gets up there near dawn , and sends back the cease-fire initiative to the Veniks So , Dacon 's supposed to be some kind of hero ? So I was taught anyway ... according to this , the leader of the Venik Horde , General Grynes , has just witnessed how this battle went ... ascertained there are only women and children remaining , and is out there now ... convincing the other generals to offer a cease-fire So , it 's possible the time tear is still around here We find it , and let 's get out I 'll get Jool and Stark and find the tear Don 't ... frell things up when I 'm gone You know , if we did change things , it is possible that we could improve the future With our record ? You think that 's gonna happen ? I guess not ... I discovered something , by the way I don 't know about yours but my pulse pistol is operational Yeah , mine too Their plasma frequencies must only work against primitive rechargers What about D 'Argo 's Qualta rifle ? It 's as old as most of the weapons around here , I doubt it 'll fire This one 's still alive ... can you help me get him to the lock room ? Yeah , no problem , Opie I just hope this ... was supposed to happen So ... you guys got any beer around here ? Beer ... it 's , ah ... like Fellip Nectar Fellip 's a creature on Tarsus Six Ow .. that hurt ! Is that sterile ? Oh , god , I 'll probably get Epcus Here , drink this Why ? It will dull the pain Oh , thank Blesma Ah . At least maybe now I won 't die of shock The bitch just shoved the arrow through , she ... Oh , hello ... Heska Do you feel this ? Nothing ... Oh , look ! This is great ! I 've got to get some of this to bring home ! What is it ? One part water , nine parts Fellip urine You made me drink piss ? Okay , okay , Jool . Let 's get out of here ... away from the children You can come with me , too In here , it 's about all this thing 's good for Oh ! Bashama Frelling ... . ! Oh ... sorry for cursing No ... you okay ? Dacon , have you been a soldier long ? Were you talking to Officer Tarn ? No , It 's just that I ... once heard you ... killed a dozen Veniks when they breached the sack wall Me ? Mm ... Did you not also save the nurses convoy ? No Officer Tarn did all that He was a very noble man He always gave credit away He , ahh .. Dacon ... get down This the snipers might see it Who am I kidding ? I 'm not a soldier I was attached to this unit as Comm Supervisor ... and Sustenance Preparer You were the cook ? Yeah And with everyone getting killed , I was terrified I was going to be ranking officer I 'm so glad you turned up Um , no ... uh ... Dacon You know the engagement better than I do . You have to be the one ... I 'm a cook You gotta take over You 're General Grynes , right ? Believe it or not , you don 't all look alike to us You 're a man of compassion ... aren 't you ? The Battle of Madizak ... you offered a truce when you could have forced victory How do you know that ? Read about you Studied you ... at ah ... school Can you see the tear ? ... moving ... moving ... ah , above us ... above us ... I can see it too , look ... it 's yellow and ... Shut up , Jooll Where is it ? It 's coming ... it 's coming ... it 's here ... now ! Okay , you go through it . I 'll go get the others I 'm not going ! Well , that was obviously wrong What are you doing ? ! There is nothing there ! Now tell me , where is it exactly ? It 's here ... here Okay Mud ! You threw me in mud ! I 'll go get Crichton and Aeryn . I 'll be thirty microts ! Can you hold ? Yes , yes Bastards They shoot me They punch me They make me drink piss ! Oh , my Blesma ! Stark , it 's not the same here ! It 's not the same here , Stark ! It 's the light . It 's the light ... that 's what 's wrong Millions ... billions ... dead ! Now focus , Stykeran Where is the tear ? specifically Find it yourself , you find it yourself You will listen to me ! Tell me where the tear is , or I will use your face to create a new one ! Stark , what 's the problem ? Jool went through , then we go through and everything 's made right again That 's the lie ... that 's the lie ... that 's what 's wrong ... it 's the lie ... Oh , great , yeah , we have to put up with this dren again When the foul woman pierced the membrane back to our time ... death ... Jool 's dead ? Others ... thousands , millions , billions , trillions ... Yes , yes , all right , very many . We get the idea Not when we came through The people you 're sensing weren 't dead before ? Oh , yeah . We did it being here . We changed the future We don 't know that , John Well , look at him . He knows it Can 't we just go through and sort this all out later ? We must do it here , now ... as Zhaan always said : " Do right by the wrong ... Goddess helps us all along . " Feeling left out , D 'Argo ? We 're the only ones who don 't have voices in our heads Wha-what are we gonna do if someone wants to know where Jool is ? Ah , look . Do you think anyone here cares about Jool ? Just tell them that she 's dead ! Fine ... Stick with Stark . I got an idea . It 'll set the timeline right , and get us a cease-fire Won 't work Yes it will No , it won 't You don 't even know what it is Yes , I do No , you don 't Oh , yes I do Oh , and what is you 're plan ? You , you , you 're gonna , you 're gonna use pelse pistols , kill all the Veniks you can ? ! Actually , yes When they attack again ... I 'll show you my way to get a cease-fire God You ... are gonna have to stay out of this room if you can 't stop shedding Without renewal , there 's stagnation Yeah , well I feel the same way about men , but I don 't leave them lying around Can 't you ever play nice ? I got shot with an epcus infected arrow you monochromatic little bitch Chiana , I ... believe Jool may not have overstated the situation Much to ... my surprise These broadcast frequencies are ... are static . What happened to them ? Well , I kept trying to tell you Apparently , devastated by conflict , the planet is still inhabited , but by a bare fraction of the population from just a few arns ago You don 't like me , fine But don 't treat me like I 'm non-existent Somehow we went back in time and the others are still there and if you knew anything about linear continuity , you 'd realize what they 're doing back there now is affecting things on that planet What minimal data stores I can access , indicate a vicious war claimed millions of lives around 500 cycles ago But that 's not what happened when we got here They made peace Dacon ... slowly take your finger off the trigger ... and point the weapon away from both of us Those recruitment holochips never said anything about this About what ? Fighting with primitive weapons ? Dying Knowing you 're going to die Having time to think about it Well , as a soldier , you don 't think about it I 'm a cook I like to think about food Why did you join up ? I didn 't You were born into service ? Aboard a command carrier No wonder you 're fearless No It 's easy to be fearless around here This is what Peacekeepers are meant to do , help the defenseless You 'll be fine Why is this cloister so important ? Your superiors sent you into battle without an understanding of the antecedents ? You really are barbarians No , we 're Peacekeepers . Barbarians butcher children Yes , the Horde is bloodthirsty , and almost impossible to control I am trying not to be a barbarian , and I 've never harmed a child in my life Why is your army here ? My soldiers used to share the waters of the Kritland River with the cities on the plateau Now our supply ... has dried ... and we 're dying So , this is about water ? Inside this mountain is the source of the river If we don 't gain access to it , the ... Horde will attack the cities ... and millions will die But you ... you want to offer a cease-fire How do you know this ? Doesn 't matter . We accept your offer But the Horde will not offer it while opposing soldiers are still here We won 't be here . By the time you and your soldiers arrive , we 'll be gone And why would you do this ? Same reason you 'll offer amnesty We 're not barbarians You give me your word ... you won 't harm the women and children ... and I 'll get you out of here There seems to be too many nurses here and not enough fighters We were on a healing caravan when the Horde began the conflict This detachment of Peacekeepers found us ... brought us here for our protection Are the Peacekeepers contracted to defend your world ? They uphold all that 's good It 's ironic , we might have been safer if they 'd never found us Do you know ... what the Horde does to children ? If they overrun us ... and I 'm too weak , or ... unable ... I 'd rather my girl were at peace , than in their hands Please ... I depend on you Why were you crying ? Because of all the pain What 's your name ? Cyntrina My father 's dead ... and I never cried This is humilitating Yeah , bonnets are always a risk , but it 's the little touches that put you over the wall I 'm not gonna get screwed here , am I ? Just don 't be here when we arrive All of your soldiers must be gone That 's the plan Ground looks soft on the other side . All you gotta do is ... drop down , hit the embankment and roll Thank you Yeah ... Hey , General Got a good feelin ' about this think history is gonna remember you as a maker of great peace ... No ! No ! No , no , no , no , no ! Stand fast , traitor ! No , no , no , no , no ! You did not just do that ! You did not ! Please ! Tell me you did not just do that ! I ask again . Are you part of this deception ? No . Crichton 's actions are his alone He told us nothing Hey , folks . I 'm not the enemy here We should kill him ! No , too much killing ! No more killing . Stop killing ... stop it 's worse , not better . It 's more dead ! What 's he talking about ? Ah ... nothing , just what will happen to us if we don 't pull ourselves together That guy you shot , he was their general . He wanted to offer you a cease-fire I don 't believe you Why didnt you tell us anything ? There wasn 't time Oh , like frell there wasn 't And since when do you make decisions for me ? Aeryn ... we get him back to his lines and this war 's over ... you know that Liar , he 's a liar ! No ! Don 't kill anyone else , mother The Venik leaders want to offer you peace They 're desperate for an excuse to offer you peace Give them a sign , and I promise , they won 't hurt you Jocation civilians , and Peacekeeper Militia ... hear me You will never know how close to salvation you came How near lasting peace you brushed The death of our general in battle we understand and accept But to disgrace him in your female 's cloth ? ! You have the night 's stars to make peace with your dieties On the dawn your severed heads will be nailed to the walls you defend Ah , John ... if this situation hadn 't reminded you of all those old westerns you watched as a youth ... I never would have heard that Are you through ? Quite The interlude however , allowed me to ponder the question you ah ... summoned me here to answer And ... All modern research ... points to the elasticity of time , rather than a brittle framework Can it be corrected ? Hmm . If nudged closely enough to course ... events have a way of restructuring themselves If the participants are the same , the venue 's the same , the motivation 's the same , then well ... the outcome is likely to be the same So we have to find a way to kick-start this thing And soon When the Horde attacks at dawn ... events will vector further away ... from the reality you and I both know Suggestions ? No Not this time , John There 's been so much change , what with you here , Grynes dead ... I don 't want the consequences of catastrophic failure resting on my head I 'm in ... a hell of a slump here Everything I do just makes things worse Well then ... do better We can record a message over the one sent by Colonel Lennok And I have convinced Dacon into offering a complete and total surrender It 's the only way to save the nurses Maybe ... you want to better the odds ? How ? Scroll through that digipamphlet you got at the peace memorial look for anything that may be out of synch , that we can fix ... What ? ! Oh , what ? You think I 'm stupid ... that I don 't know what you 're saying ? Subofficer Dacon does not have to die He 's Davey Crockett at the Alamo He stands on the wall and he takes one for the home team ... I 've thought about this . It 's the only thing I could come up with to fix the timeline Oh , you and your stupid timeline What , you think I want to do it ? Think it 's my first option ? ! Read the history , it 's in your pocket ... if Grynes lives- - he 's a hero who averts a war Dead ... he 's just another guy in the Laura Ashley Spring Collection It 's you and me now We 've gotta do something He 's not a soldier I know that But the way history unfolds , that doesn 't stop him from taking an arrow So ... Dacon dies What about us ? We 're soldiers ... We go back through the time tear The tear ? Stark says it 's completely disappeared , what if it doesn 't re-show ? Then we die half an arn after Dacon Aeryn , either way ... he dies And the nurses ... that 's what we have to play for now You deal with the dead ? Someone must Death is when my expertise ends When you shot the general ... how did you feel ? I felt hatred ... fear Fear is good ... keep that But travel light . Forget hate If we ... die ... will I be with my daughter ... after ? Different beliefs ... different destinations I cannot tell before the end Should the worst befall , you will not be alone Hello You 're scary looking You should have seen my father My father wasn 't scary My mother says , when loved ones die , we must remember them forever Well , your mother is right Do you think , when I 'm dead , someone will remember me ? You know what ? I know a secret ... that will guarantee it Make your mark Carve it into the stone That way , in the future , anyone that reads it will think of Cyntrina I 've offered unconditional surrender , just like you said to And I 've also sworn that killing their general was a tragic mistake But ... as ranking officer , are you sure you shouldn 't be the one on the message ? As part of special commando force , I 'm not officially here So , if they knew your unit was present , it would escalate the conflict What are you doing ? I-I 'm ... delivering the message There ? You should shoot from down here Ah , no ... we only get one chance , I can 't have it go wrong , and it needs to land right near their camps You can 't expose yourself to their fire . Let me do it I appreciate the gesture , but a soldier should do it Better if a cook does it I don 't want you to get hurt Well , better me than you Subofficer Dacon ? You are a soldier A brave hero No ... heroes always get killed I 'll be fine How is that possible ? I ... don 't know , Chiana But the planet is now lifeless Moya 's senses detect no microbial chemistry What ? Nothing ? Curse me ... It looks radiated The crater pattern indicates , in all probability , the destruction by military conflict But that can 't be ! It 's not there ! It was above us ! It 's not there ... it 's gone , it 's gone How ? We did everything right . We set the timeline back on track . How can it be gone ? It 's not my fault ... It 's no one 's fault ... I didn 't mean ... It didn 't work Dacon 's dead , and the tear didn 't reappear Aeryn , untie me You know , the device said that he died when he sent the cease-fire , and then the Veniks offered peace Does that sound like peace to you ? Untie me I listened to you , I let a man die , and we changed nothing ... nothing ! He was supposed to die ! That 's what happened in history ! Then why isn 't the tear back ? ! I don 't know ! Untie me Can we use our weapons now , or are you still afraid to change things ? Yes , we can use the weapons . Untie me Don 't touch him ! Crichton is a soldier , he can help us fight He 's a traitor . He tried to free that dog , Grynes Grynes would have brokered a peace You think they 're coming to offer peace ? ! We need him to defend the monastery I won 't warn you again , if you try to release him and I 'll kill you And if the Horde gets in here , they 're going to slaughter every single one of us ! He can help us How can he help ? He has a weapon like mine Now , if you 're going to shoot do it now Your pulse weapons are functional ? Why haven 't you used them ? ! Well , there 's a good question Are you ready to get a cease-fire my way ? Killing Dacon should have fixed the timeline Well , it didn 't . Are you ready ? Yes Move ! Get to the walkway ! Two guns , Aeryn . We only have two guns ! Well , make it look like more How ? Well , keep firing ... running backwards and forwards ... and pretend you 're an army ! Oh , yeah ! That 's gonna work ! Just do it ! Now ! Excuse me . Ladies ... guy with a gun , comin ' through ! Chiana , look out the forward portal Not now , Pilot Look out the portal Gone ... the planet , it 's gone It can 't be gone . I was just there two arns ago . I got shot . I drank piss Keep the comms open . I 'm going down to look for them There 's nothing there , it 's all gone Where are you going to look ? Hey , how 's that arm going ? Has the piss worn off ? Yes Yes . Actually it 's quite sore . Thanks for asking And stop screaming It is very , very irritating , and I don 't want you melting anything Mother ! Stay put , Cyntrina ! Leave her alone ! What are you doing ? I 'm makin ' like an army ! D 'Argo ! Tony Montana ! Get to the bedchamber ! I 'm gonna have a heart attack The Veniks are retreating ! What 's going on , Pilot ? I 'm getting the dren kicked out of me ! Moya 's registering some kind of massive gamma disturbance where the planet used to be Can you see anything ? Nothing I can 't control this Ah ... . it 's back It 's back No death , no death It 's back , it 's back . It 's back ... no death ... come on . Now , quick Let 's go It 'll be safer if we just go now , - don 't tell her anything - I 'll just be thirty microts Crichton I won 't tell her anything Are you leaving ? Ah , we 'll be leaving soon , yes Will I ever see you again ? How long do your people live ? My mother says I 'll live for 700 cycles Well , maybe I 'll see you again when you grow up We have to go If you 're not here , the Veniks ' will murder us No , no . If there 's no soldiers here , they 'll offer a cease-fire How do you know that ? I just ... do Veniks ' are predators . They kill That 's what they do ... they don 't have cease-fires Please ... at least ... leave your weapons , then ... No . I-I can 't I 'm sorry You 're gonna be safe I promise Where 's Aeryn ? She should be here , she left ahead of me Aeryn ! Aeryn ! Aeryn ! Sorry Okay . Let 's get the frell out of here ! On Moya , we registered every change as it happened First ... there were , there were millions dead And then the planet disappeared , and then it came back I almost crashed the pod trying to get it in here And ... nothing changed on Moya ? No Only the planet was affected by what you did Everything 's the same ... except , uh So , is there any chance you can go back ? No The ah , tear is no longer stable . Stark tried , but he can 't get us back through Does Crichton know that ? Yes , he does So , who 's gonna get him back on Moya ? I will Okay Thank you Hi I screwed up You ... We . Did what we could Why would they do that ? What 's the point ? There probably was no point Tell me , where are the soldiers who were here ? I-I know nothing . They left . They-they just left . I don 't know where they are They 're not here No one could have gotten past my forces Tell me where they are , I can 't control the horde , unless ... Crichton ... said that-that they planned to escape from the cliffs , but ... Too many Veniks ' have died here ! The bloodlust is on them , I need to give the Horde something Where are the pulse weapons they fired on us ? They took them ... please , please . I don 't know where they 've gone , I don 't know ! I can 't stop the Horde unless you tell me where this ' Crichton ' is I don 't know , I don 't know ! Crichton ! No ! Not yet !
