 Previously on Taken ... My name is Jesse Keys . I have encounters with unidentified flying objects . Get away from me ! Jesse , what happened ? Ohh ! Aah ! No ! What do you want from me ! Why do you keep taking me ? There was one survivor at the crash . We tracked him down to a small town in Texas . He had formed a bond there with a young woman . Years later . I went back to that town . She had two grown children and a ten-year-old son . Kids , this is Owen Crawford . Jacob ! This guy broke her heart . My life is not gonna be complete until I ruin his . You know too much about what I do . Aah ! Eric , your dad had me get him a car from the motor pool the night your mother was murdered . When he returned it , there were 417 new miles on it . 417 miles is the exact distance roundtrip between Groom Lake and the spot where Howard and your mother were found . They were both killed with Howard 's service pistol . He lost that pistol two days before he died . I remember him asking me if I 'd seen it . He said he 'd left it in his desk drawer and it had just disappeared . She was drinking a Iot . Threatening to expose his work . I 'm sorry , Eric . I 've been carrying it around with me all this time . Now that your father 's dead , I thought you should know . My father was a vicious , selfish man who put his personal aggrandizement above the good of his country . In my opinion , his egomania made him a liability to the project . However , he was also incredibly meticulous . He kept files on everything . This one 's interesting , doctor . Your signature on the autopsy reports from the three bodies recovered from the Roswell crash , and a fourth , the one who died while under observation . Two copies of the crash-site reports - the real one and the cover-up . General , your signature 's on both . An interesting one on the disposal of the bodies of twin psychics used in some early research into the nature of the technology . This one 's particularly informative . It 's a briefing on the Roswell events that you and your colleagues prepared for General Eisenhower just before he took office . On page 2 , you 'II find a list of the 12 of you who worked on the briefing . A very impressive group . These are copies , of course . The originals are in a safe place . So what do you want ? Commander . Your briefcase , sir . What 's going on here , Eric ? I checked the motor pool records for the night my mother was killed . You did check that car out . That makes you an accomplice , Marty . An accessory before the fact . These men will hand you over to civilian authorities in Carson City . I 'm sure your fear of my father will be taken into account . And you 'II be stepping up to take over the project ? The acorn doesn 't fall too far , does it , Eric ? I need that funding shifted over to biological research , Ted . Find the resources . Why is it so important ? None of your damn business , Ted . Ted , do your job or lose it . Some people spend their lives hoping for something to happen that will change everything . They look for power or love . or the answers to their biggest questions . I think really what they 're looking for is another chance . some way to lead another life where all the mistakes they 've made would be erased . and they could just start over . Nothing bad has happened yet . and all their possibilities are still in front of them . I 'm sorry I 'm late . That crowd of tourists . We ought to put up a gift shop , sell little bobbing alien heads or something . I had our people take the test subjects out across the desert to avoid them . I can 't run an operation under these conditions . It 's a joke . Since I talked the general into letting me run this project , it 's become a damn circus . But if you 're gonna be a damn circus , best to be in the centre ring . What have you got ? What are you doing ? These fell out of the heads of a half a dozen brain tumour patients we 've been monitoring for the past couple of years . Fell out ? Put them away . Don 't worry . They 're dead . They 're like batteries . They 're not transmitting . We had to open up a half a dozen people before we got a live one . - It 's kind of like looking for pearls . - You got a live implant ? Okay , now check this out . This is really amazing . Send in the soldier . Ha ha ha ! Ha ha ha ! People come home for a lot of reasons . They come home to remember . They come home because they 've got no place else to go . They come home when they 're beaten . they come home when they 're proud . They come home looking for a door out into their past or a road out into their future . They come home for a lot of reasons . but they always come home to say good-bye . Look like you remembered ? Yeah , exactly . Doesn 't change much , does it ? There they are . Hey . Mum 's just waking up . I 'm glad you guys came . My mum really wanted to get a look at Lisa . Come on . They say we 're lucky because it 's taking her so quick . With cancer , it could 've been a Iot worse . Hello , honey . How do you Iike this , huh ? They tell me it 's the cigarettes , but I don 't think I 'd have lived this long without ' em . You grew up real nice . How you doing ? I 'm good , Mum . I see that . That 's fine . - Tom . - Yeah . Come on in . Mum , this is Carol , my wife . Hi , Carol . How you doing ? Pleasure to meet you . And this ... is Lisa . Tom , come take this thing out of my nose so I don 't look so scary to that child . Come here , darlin ' . Let me get a look at you . Come on , honey . It 's okay . Hello , Grandma . You 're a pretty girl . She 's got your father 's eyes . Jake , I know who your dad was . When the government was doing these experiments - this is all freedom of information act stuff - it was the beginning of the Cold War , and people were scared and willing to do anything , so they took these soldiers and filled ' em with psychotropic drugs to see what happened , and I believe that your dad was one of those soldiers . When he escaped from the army base at Roswell , Owen Crawford tried to get him back . It might be a Iittle bit more complicated than that . Your abilities . You got ' em from your father . Whatever the drugs had done to him , like those women who took thalidomide ... I think that they 're taking civilians now , doing the same experiments , mind control or " processing , " whatever you wanna call it , to make them think they 're being abducted by aliens . And you know that this is not the case ? The government makes them think that , but it 's their cover story , Jake . For a cover story , it seems ... a Iittle bit far-fetched , doesn 't it ? Mum 's in a Iot of pain . Morphine doesn 't seem to be helping . It 's okay , Mum . It 's okay . It 's okay . Let 's help you up , Mum . Okay . Jacob , it 's time for me to go , honey . Soon . Tom ... You just sit up , Mum . You just sit up . What are you doing , Jake ? Something for Mum . It 's all right , Tom . Come on , Sally , let 's go home . I don 't wanna believe this , Jake . You never wanted to . You always kind of did , though . Right from when John came , and you saw the lights . That 's why all those years you ... tried so hard to prove that it was a conspiracy , a lie . Those are easier things to believe in . It was kind of ironic , though , don 't you think ? Country 's leading debunker turns out to have a half-alien half brother ? What are you going to do now ? I want you to come forward , Jake . I can 't do that , Tom . We 're talking about something that the entire world has a right to know . You were the proof that it happened , Jake . What do you want me to do , go on TV , bend some spoons ? It 'd turn into a freak show in a minute and a half , and you know it . Then at Ieast people would know it really happened . Would they ? Why did they come , Jake ? What do they want ? I don 't know . I do know that I 'm not the only one who 's special to them . It 's a feeling I get sometimes , that there is someone else . They 're playing catch-up , the government . They 're trying to figure out the same things you ask me - why they came , what they want . Owen Crawford knew about me . If they 're not already doing it , they 're going to try and find that other person . Jesse Keys . One of my father 's many failures . Not to speak ill of the dead , though , right ? He kills this guy 's father , then loses him . I 'd say , all in all , he screwed that one up . He couldn 't have known what would happen when they took out Russell Keys ' implant , but if it makes you feel better to think your old man screwed up ... And this one-Jesse ? He mattered to them . He was important . I mean , we grab these people , we pop the implants out of their heads , we even kill some of them , but our little grey friends don 't do squat . But this guy , they pulled him right through the wall of a bomb shelter to take him away from us . I don 't think you can lay that one on your father either . What do you think it all means ? Maybe nothing . Could be there 's some they chew on repeatedly , and others they spit out after just one bite . Now that we 're looking more into the genetics , we 'II figure it out . We 're really close . What about those brothers in Alaska ? Failed attempts at crossbreeding , Iike that kid Jacob CIarke your old man tried to bring back from Texas . Jacob Clarke dies , and we all know what happened to the furry freak brothers . You see what they 're doing , don 't you ? Everything they can . This is an FBI aging program . Some fugitive goes underground for ten years , they wanna know ' em if they see ' em . And I 'II lay you diamonds to doughnuts this Jesse Keys is still alive . You wanna find out what 's so important about him ? Maybe we should ask him . Truck eight . - Yeah . Chief , we 've got one over at Morgan 's Junction . Car full of college kids . It 's pretty ugly . Paramedics on the scene . We 've also got a tractor injury at Sutter 's and a kid pulled out of Hodgkin 's Creek . Paramedics at both . I 'II take the car . Get over . Keep moving , people . Let 's go . Keep moving . Keep that lane open . Let 's go . Let 's move . What do we got , Bobby ? Just kids on the way home from Milton . Drunk , lost control of the car , flipped it . Driver was killed instantly . Two boys in the back pretty banged up . They 're on their way to County , and the girl in the passenger seat 's a spinal . We 're just getting her out now . Lights . We saw these lights . In the sky . And then my friends . They 've been taken to the hospital . Kevin . Hey , can you do something for me ? Can you keep your head straight and follow my pen with your eyes ? Good . We 're gonna have you out of here in just a minute , but can you just keep your head straight and keep your eyes on my pen ? Can you do that for me ? - Mm-hmm . - Good . Bobby ? Damn it . I 'm sorry , chief . My first accident , I puked all over my chief 's shoes . Don 't get any ideas . Look , you know what I Iove about this job ? You come to a scene , you look at it , you assess the situation , and your job 's to make it better . You can do that , no matter how bad it is . You can always make it better . Not for that guy who was driving , not for him . Then you move on . That 's what it 's all about . You find someone you can help . Here , make sure she stares straight ahead . Don 't let her look at the blood on the windshield , okay ? Thanks , chief . Get out of the road . You nuts ? I can 't believe you 're still out here . Look , this is all my fault . The other guys thought you were with me . I thought you got a ride back with the sheriff 's guys . How long have I been out here ? Uh ... two-and-a-half , three hours . Look , I 'm really sorry , chief . I don 't know what else to say . - Hey , Dad . - Hey , Charlie . Did you know 12 people ... Some people put a lot of work into their lawn . as if a patch of green grass was the most important thing in the world . as if they thought that as long as the lawn out front was green and mowed and beautiful . it wouldn 't matter at all what was going on inside the house . Are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Let 's get this place cleaned up before Mum gets home , okay ? Okay . Come on . Get in . Dad said he 's gonna come see my play . Yeah , I 'm sure he will , honey . Can you help me with my costume ? Yeah , sure . Mum ... Is Dad all right ? Yeah , of course he is . - What do you mean ? - I don 't know . It 's just ... he seems like he 's scared of something . I 've known your father a Iong time . There is one thing I know about him - he 's not afraid of anything . 'Night , kiddo . Right there , ace . Hey , I know you . I 'm Luke Reynolds . You pulled my son Moe out of our sweep auger last year . What the hell are you doing out here ? Oh . You come to look at my lower field . - Lower field ? - My glow-in-the - dark wheat . Heh heh . Come on . Ain 't that a bitch ? There was an accident out here today . Yep , pretty bad one . Had the field been glowing before the accident ? Nope . It started right after that . It 's the shape of it that gets me , though . Look at it . Looks like a damn flying saucer . This hostage thing shows you what happens when you let your enemies see your weakness . We should 've gone in there the moment they were taken and gotten ' em back at any cost . Miss Fox says if we 'd done that , they might 've killed the hostages . Maybe , but they would 've been less likely to do it again . Can we talk about something else ? How would you Iike to move ? Like to Henderson , someplace a Iittle further outside of town ? No . I was thinking more like Maine . Don 't you think this is a Iittle sudden ? Dad , is this ' cause there 's flying saucers in Maine ? Dylan Peters said you were the flying-saucer soldier and that you were in charge of all of it . No , I don 't think it 's too sudden at all . Do you know the feeling of daring yourself to walk across a dark room ? That way you 're excited because you know - you really do know - that there 's nothing there to hurt you . Some people get to choose their dark rooms . They get to look for places where fear is only skin-deep . But some people are nowhere near that lucky . What do you want from me ? ! Leave me alone ! Why are you coming back now ? What do you want ? Leave my family alone ! What do you want now ? ! Jesse ! What are you doing ? Jess ? For a while after they pulled me out of that temple in Vietnam , they stopped . I 'd think about them once in a while , but I 'd convinced myself that the stuff that happened with my dad when I was younger and in the jungle had just all been in my mind . These are the guardian angels you told me about . I don 't know if I call them angels , but ... they were the reason why I did a Iot of what I did back there , you know . I did some pretty crazy things just to see if , you know , they would save me . And they did ? Every single time . Honey ... maybe it is all in your mind . You 're more than due for some post-traumatic stress . Look at this . You don 't see it ? See what ? The rash . It 's shaped like a hand . We 've been through a Iot , you and I , yeah ? And we 're gonna get through this , just like all the rest . Jesse , I want you to see someone for me . You owe me that much . Just see someone . They 'II just tell me I have a tumour . That 's not necessarily what they 're gonna say . I was diagnosed with a brain tumour when I was 16 . My father died of one . Okay , then you really do need to see someone . There is something in my head . It 's no tumour , though . It 's something they put there . Something that tells them - For god 's sake , Jesse , would you listen to yourself ? ! Look , honey , see someone . If you won 't do it for me , do it for Charlie . Okay . You found a small tumour on the front of my brain no bigger than the tip of a lead pencil . I talked to Amelia . She told me you 've been behaving strangely . The tumour is very small , no sign of a fluid build-up , but still , it could explain your recent behaviour . Dr Franklin Traub is the best brain tumour man in the country . He 's at the Rivers Clinic in St. Paul . I just spoke to him . You have an appointment tomorrow . Thanks . Um ... any commonality in the stories ? Well . I think the first thing you want to remember - you and everyone at home - is that these are normal people just like you and me . with no history of psychosis or schizophrenia. no mental illness . They 're normal people talking about something that has really happened to them . The striking thing is how similar all the stories are . He always was comfortable in a crowd . Any minute , he 's going to start doing card tricks . I always knew , Jake . I always did . But I never thought that contactor Mum was building out in the garage was gonna get your father 's attention . She needed a better power supply with an impedance-matched output coupling . You can sit around here all afternoon reminiscing or help clean out the garage . Your Ioudmouth brother 's gonna ride both sides of this alien thing all the way to the bank . Kim , Andy , you 're done playing . We got work to do . Uncle Ronnie , just ' cause you 're jealous that Aunt Becky 's spending time with my dad is no reason to yell at Kim and Andy . It 's not going to make the fact that Uncle Tom 's getting a Iot of attention go away , either . She is your daughter , isn 't she ? Mr Clarke . I don 't mean to question your ability oryour expertise . but I have to point out here that up until very recently. you were one of the leading debunkers of this entire phenomenon . So we 'd all like to know what changed your mind . - I have personal information . - You were taken ? No . No. that 's not what I said . Now there 's a story that we 'd all like to hear . Well ... I 'm not at liberty to say . Hold on-hold on. folks . You have evidence of an alien being here on earth. and you 're not sharing ? Mr Clarke . I find that hardly fair . I think more than anything else we 'd all like to know . what changed your mind ? We 'll take a break . You 're right . That thing in your brain is no tumour . It 's very small . Looks metallic . - Where did you grow up ? - illinois . Any exposure to chemicals ? Heroin . You say your father had a similar tumour . Yeah , identical . We see these deposits occasionally in people who work with unusual chemicals , chelated heavy metals , things like that . Sometimes they occur for no obvious reason . Usually , they 're mistaken for tumours , but in actual fact , it 's just foreign matter that 's swept up into a Iittle pile the body doesn 't know how to get rid of . Now , the important thing is , we can treat this without surgery . We can use localized ultrasound therapy , get this thing to break out , dissolve . You 'II pass it in a matter of days . No surgery ? That 's great . Must be disconcerting to wake up one morning and your whole world 's changed . For me , it was more like my whole world had come back . This happened before ? Yeah , when ... when I was a kid , when I was a teenager and again in Vietnam . If you 're prone to this sort of thing , it 's not surprising it 's gonna reoccur . Could it be affecting Jesse mentally ? It 's possible . You 've been having problems ? Uh ... yeah , but I think if you can get this thing out of my head , then it 'II make them go away . I 'II be home for Thanksgiving . It 's gonna be all right , Jesse . You know when I was a kid , the time I told you about when I saw my dad - I was , uh , locked up in a bomb shelter on an air force base . There are people involved in this , too - very vicious people . You 're gonna be all right . This is all gonna go away . I don 't care if you don 't believe the rest , but you have to believe this - I was taken . Locked up by some people involved with the air force , and they-I got away , joined the army under a fake name . I don 't know if they stopped looking for me , but , uh , now that this has all started again , just ... keep it in mind . Okay . Hey . Remember our list of all the things I said I 'd explain one day ? Mm-hmm . Aren 't you glad I waited as long as I did ? Hey , that 's a pretty good book . Yeah , I don 't read much . Irving places far too much importance on death , in my way of thinking , but at Ieast he makes it funny . He 's good . Jesse , you don 't believe you 've got a metallic deposit in your head , do you ? You have your thoughts about what I have in my head , and I have mine . You wanna share your thoughts with me ? No , I 'd rather not . Why are you here if you don 't believe I can help you ? No . You have to help me . You say you can make this thing in my head dissolve . That 's what I want . I don 't care what it is . I have a nine-year-old son , and I almost hurt him because of this thing in my head . I don 't care about anything else . I don 't care about anything else at all . Hello . Dr Wakeman , please . Traub here , Rivers Clinic . I 've got the man you 're looking for . I 'm gonna get you , AIIan Holmes ! Shut your mouth , Allan Holmes ! Whoa , slow down there , kid ! Come on , take it easy . What 's the problem ? - Let me go ! - What is this about ? He started it . - Did not . - Did ! Everybody knows your dad went crazy when he ran out of the house screaming . Your dad 's nuts . Now they 've locked him up . That 's enough , all of you ! Now , Charlie 's dad is sick . It 's very serious . He 's gone away to get well . We 're praying for him . Sorry . Hope your dad gets better . So we 're going down to the Lemke 's . I hear they have a wicked haunted house . You wanna come ? No more fighting ? - Promise . - AII right , kiddo . Have a good time . They 're so forgiving-children . I didn 't mean to butt in . I was enjoying the evening . I 'm glad you were here . Thank you . I 'm sorry to hear about your husband . I hope he 'II be all right . Thanks . Yes , I 'II hold . - Hi , honey . How are you ? - Lonely . How was Halloween ? It was great . Charlie 's Darth Vader . I really just called ' cause I wanted to hear your voice . When everything in your life is right on track . it 's easy to believe that things happen for a reason . It 's easy to have faith . But when things start to go wrong . then it 's very hard to hold on to that faith . It 's hard not to wonder whose reasons these things happen for . How long you gonna keep him under ? A couple hours . Let him think we did a full work - up . What do you ... think these marks on his chest are ? Looks almost like a hand . Maybe he fought back . So what do you want to do with him ? Take that thing out of his head ? They 're a dime a dozen . I don 't want the implant . I want him . He believes they 've saved him , repeatedly , in Vietnam , other places . They probably did . It 's just he 's extremely important to them . Okay , what do we know ? They 're working towards something , but what ? Do they wanna destroy the planet ? Save us from ourselves ? Turn us into pod people ? Anyway , we look at the stuff we got from one of the bodies from the New Mexico crash , and these beings , these ... aliens , what have you they 're us . Same genetic make-up . At least so far . The same could be said about the fruit fly . Maybe that 's the point . What makes a man who he is ? Is it the worst things he 's ever done or the best things he wants to be ? When you find yourself in the middle of your life . and you 're nowhere near where you were going . how do you find a way from the person you 've become to the one you know you could 've been ? What did you do with my Cabbage Patch Kids ? They 're in one of the boxes , honey . Can you take them out of the boxes ? They don 't like being taken places in boxes . We 'II unpack them when we get to our new place . Why can 't I tell my friends where we 're going ? Ask your father . - I want my dolls unpacked ! - Honey , we can 't . - Hello , thrill-seekers . - Uncle Chet . - Hiya , sweetheart . How you doing ? - Good . Where 's your dad ? In the study . Come on . Come on . Come in . Dad , Mum won 't unpack my Cabbage Patch Kids . I 'II talk to her about it , Mary , after I 'm done with my meeting . Don 't ever move . We got Jesse Keys in a clinic in Minnesota . That 's the prize your dad could never get . What do you want to do with him ? I 'm thinking . I 'm thinking . While you 're thinking , make sure you don 't lose him . I don 't wanna make the same mistakes my father made . Your old man 's been dead , what , ten years now ? Yes . So don 't you think you can stop trying to kick his ass ? One of our researchers was going through some old files and came across these . Any idea what they are ? They look like the glyphs from that excavation site in alaska , the one where my brother died . That 's what I thought , too , but these are dated 1947 . That burial chamber in Alaska wasn 't opened up until 1970 . - Did you translate it ? - Can 't be done . So close . We got Jesse Keys under wraps . Genetics guys are finding out more and more every day . My engineers tell me they 're following something very cool on the implants . We 're on the verge of a major breakthrough here . Eric ? There something you 're not sharing ? You know everything I know . I know a hell of a Iot more than you do , old pal of mine , but what I was asking was is if ... there was something you weren 't sharing . And what I told you was no . What are these ? Tom Clarke . You didn 't see him on TV the other day talking about the government conspiracy to cover up the presence of aliens here on earth ? I don 't like to watch TV during the day . Weirds me out . Suddenly , he 's the Woodward and Bernstein of alien abduction . Tom Clarke , huh ? The Tom Clarke who ruined my father . The Tom Clarke who thought our entire program was a lie . His first two books here do nothing but debunk everything about extraterrestrial life , about visits , about our work . Don 't you wanna know what changed his mind ? - Bye , Mum . - Bye . Good-bye . Bye . Have a good day . You 're much prettier than I expected . Your surveillance photographs don 't do you justice . Is this visit about something more than my good looks ? I understand your brother has switched sides , that he 's now a believer . Wanna tell me what changed his mind ? You and your brother have a way of sort of gumming up my family 's work , so I 'm going to be honest with you . I 'm not doing this out of any compelling need to tell the truth . I just think it 's the only method that 'II work . There . I 'm doing it already . Do you look a Iot like your mother ? People say I do . My father was a bastard . What he did to your mother was unforgivable . My father found a spaceship in the New Mexico desert . There were four bodies on that ship . There were spaces for five bodies . He came to your home looking for the guy who was sitting in that fifth seat . My father devoted the rest of his life to trying to find out what these visitors wanted . He ran a government group dedicated to that quest . Since his death , I 've been in charge of that group . Technically , we 're part of the air force , but the paperwork is so muddled I couldn 't even tell you who I work for . This planet has been visited thousands of times since my father found that ship . People have been taken from their homes , things have been done to them . With a Iot of money and a Iot of very good minds , we 're beginning to understand some things about our visitors , but we still don 't know why they 're doing all this . We don 't know what they want . My father was a ruthless , ambitious son of a bitch , but the things he wanted to know were reasonable . This could be the greatest threat the world has ever known . This could be something miraculous . We have to know . We have to do whatever it takes to find out . I am not my father . You don 't have to tell me what changed your brother 's mind right away . You could do something else instead . What ? Let me show you something . I 've been reading these reports from your genetics team . - This is astounding stuff . - Pretty cool , huh ? - Very . - There 's something new . These devices they put in people 's heads , I told you we 're pretty sure they 're a tracking system , right ? They are . My guys have found the signal they give off . But the signal is incredibly weak . It needs to be amplified somehow before it can be transmitted back to the mother ship or the planet Zeta Reticuli or wherever our little buddies are hanging out . - You gotta love it . - Transmitter ? Where ? We don 't know . But the logical assumption , based on what we do know , is that it 's organic . - Organic ? - Don 't you love it ? A brain beaming thought signals out into the cosmos . This just keeps getting better and better . The energy of thought , of mind . We know that 's how they do things . We also know Jesse Keys is of particular importance to them . You think Jesse Keys is a transmitter . That 's why he 's so special . One way to find out . Shut him off . See if they come and turn him back on . So , are you gonna be getting back to work soon ? There 's a couple people starting up here in Texas I wanna check out first . You sure are in a hurry to get rid of me . No , it 's not that . Meat loaf 's gonna be ready about half an hour . Andy 's got arithmetic homework that he has to finish before he watches Charlie 's Angels . Your brother Tom 's too high-toned to come to the door now ? You gotta go outside to meet him ? You haven 't exactly been a prince to him every time he 's been over here the Iast couple times . Is he still pissed I didn 't go to your mum 's funeral ? I don 't know . If you want to know , why don 't you ask him ? Why should I have gone ? There 's no love lost between me and your old lady . AII right , I 'II ask him . A cold day in hell is when . I 'II be home late . So unpack the Cabbage Patch Kids . What 's the problem ? AII right , then , Julie , then don 't unpack them . I might be late . Don 't wait up . I don 't know why I 'm doing this . Curiosity . Why would I get in a plane with you , of all people ? I could put you in custody . It 's like that ? No , it 's not Iike that at all . I 'II have you back by 2 : 00 in the morning , spook 's honour . Oh . He actually said that ? Aliens were responsible for teenage drug abuse and open marriages ? And the success of the skateboard . You grow up in Vegas , you meet a Iot of weirdoes . I guess so . My family is eating leftover meat loaf . My wife 's either called the Peking Inn or Pizza Hut . I got married really young . First girl I had slept with . First time I slept with her , she 's pregnant , I 'm married . Anything to show my father I was grown up . I just needed my own identity . Someplace where I wasn 't Tom CIarke 's little sister . Big brother shadow . I hear that . Sun rose and set on my brother Sam . - I guess a Iot of people do that . - Hmm . They 're just kids trying to get away from home . They wind up smack-dab in the middle of their lives before they know what hit them . My kids are great . I guess everything 's got its upside . Where are we ? Let me put it to you this way - your brother would be very jealous . We brought everything here from Wright - Patterson in ' 76 . It just made more sense to keep everything under one roof . Oh , my God . It 's breathtaking , isn 't it ? I come in here sometimes by myself . I ... sit and just stare at him . I keep feeling like if I stare just a Iittle longer , I 'II be able to understand . Thank you for showing me this . I wasn 't going to . People move through their lives sometimes without really thinking about where they 're going . Days pile up . and they get sadder and lonelier without really knowing why they 're so sad or how they got so lonely . Then something happens - they meet someone who looks a certain way or has something in their smile . Maybe that 's all that falling in love is - finding someone who makes you feel a little less alone . I 'm moving . Did I tell you that ? No . Couple of air force sellouts write books , hit the talk-show circuit , couple of guys make movies . Carter says he saw a UFO . Next thing you know , I 've got a crowd . - You and your brother didn 't help . - Where are you gonna go ? I got a spot picked out in Maine . The gawkers will still come to the desert , and they 'II see the same experimental planes and think they 're seeing saucers , and we can continue our work undisturbed . When are you leaving ? Tomorrow night . Becky ... I-I didn 't mean for this to happen . I meant to charm you with my honesty and find out all I could about your brother , but that 's not how it worked out . I don 't wanna be the man that I am , but with you , I 'm somebody else . I 'm who I wanna be . Eric , we can 't - I wanna be with you . What is so terribly wrong about that ? Nothing 's wrong with it . It 's just not possible . Of course it is . I 'm gonna tell Julie about us . Come with me . Leave Ronnie and come with me . Maine ? The trucks are leaving Groom Lake tomorrow night , sneaking out across the desert to avoid your brother and his friends by the mailbox . What is it ? Your work . Tom says you 've been taking people , experimenting on them . He says some of those people have died . Becky , I swear to you that your brother 's wrong . I 've never done anything to harm anyone . Would you leave Ronnie ? Yes . You 're sleeping with him ? It 's not as simple as that . Oh , okay . Everything 's okay , then ? He 's leaving his wife . He wants me to leave Ronnie . He wants us to stop interfering in his business , Becky ! Eric Crawford . Owen Crawford 's son . The son of the man who ruined your mother 's life . How could you do that ? He 's not his father . He 's covering up the biggest secret in American history . He 's lying to the entire public on a regular basis . What in the hell makes you think he 's not lying to you ? ! You don 't respect anything at all , do you ? You 're just a selfish little girl who married the wrong guy , and you 're willing to walk on anyone 's grave you have to to get away from him . This is not about me and Eric . This is about what Owen did to Mum . No , it 's not . Not anymore . It 's about blowing the lid on this thing wide open . How could something this huge have happened and the whole world doesn 't know about it ? That 's wrong , Becky . Did you tell him about Jacob ? No . You don 't trust him , either . Well ... you 're making short work of that book . Not a Iot to do around here , you know . What is it ? Well , your deposit is not disintegrating as quickly as I had hoped . This is Dr Patterson from the Brazel Clinic . Does this look anything like an astronaut 's helmet ? It looks perfect . I wish Dad was here . He 's good at making things like this . Yeah , he is . Go on . - Hello ? - Hey. big guy . Hey , Dad . Mum , it 's Dad . Are you going to be able to come to my play ? I 'm sure gonna try . How was Halloween ? Allan Holmes called you crazy . so I punched him . then some guy pulled me off . I was gonna punch him again . but he wanted me to go to the Lemke 's house 'cause they had a haunted house there . It was so cool . Can you come to my play ? I hope so . Can I talk to Mum for a sec ? Okay . Just a sec . It 's for you . - Hi , honey . - Hey . They 're moving me . This thing in my head isn 't going away , and there 's a new doctor , and they 're gonna take me to someplace called the Brazel Clinic and see what they can do for me . Okay . I Iove you . - Call me when you get there . - I Iove you , too . Yeah . I sure hope that Dad 's all right . Maybe I shouldn 't have told him about how I got into a fight with allan . I don 't want him to worry about me . Mum ? Mum , what 's wrong ? - It 's a big country . - Yeah . We 'II take care of that thing in your head . Once it 's gone , no more little grey men . - I 'm ready . - That 's good . How 'd you know the little men were grey ? - Educated guess . - Right . One small step for mankind - I mean , man . One giant leap for mankind . The giant leap that Neil Armstrong was talking about was a leap into outer space for him and his Apollo team . They started the journey , but it 'II be up to us to continue it . - I can 't believe you came . - Are you all better ? Yeah . - Did you Iike my play ? - I Ioved it . It was pretty cool , wasn 't it ? Pretty cool . Dad , what are those lights ? Why are we stopping here ? Hey , Dad ... Dad ? What 's going on ? Dad ! - Come over here . - What 's happening ? Come here . Dad ? He 's not your father , Charlie . Don 't listen to him , Charlie . It 's me . It 's okay . He isn 't me . He 's making me from the picture in your head . He 's lying . He 's not your dad . Watch , I 'II change the picture . Remember last month I cut myself shaving , and I came downstairs and I had blood on my chin ? Charlie . Charlie , do you remember ? What 's going on ? You 're not gonna take him ! Leave my boy alone ! You 're not gonna take him ! Charlie , get away from him . Dad ! Get away from my boy ! No ! Truck 17 . we 've got an engulfment event at the Pioneer grain silo on Erlington . We 've got two men with a grain bridge collapse . Hello ! Anybody ! It wasn 't a stroke or a seizure . Could this have been caused by the tumour ? I don 't know . The nearest I can come to it , it 's like someone held his brain too close to a magnet . Mum ? Jesse . Get me a towel , please . What 's happening to him ? They 'II come for Charlie next . You gotta go . I 've called for help . I 'II see what 's taking them . Wait a minute . Who did you call ? Help . - Jesse . - You 've gotta go . Come on , Charlie . Let 's get out of here . I don 't wanna be the man that I am . Can you understand that ? What in the hell makes you think he 's not lying to you ? ! Eric Crawford . Owen Crawford 's son . The son of the man who ruined your mother 's life . How could you do that ? Did you tell him about Jacob ? No . You don 't trust him. either . Come with me . Leave Ronnie and come with me . You don 't respect anything at all. do you ? You 're a selfish little girl who married the wrong guy . You 're willing to walk on anyone 's grave you have to to get away from him ! You live your life step by step . doing what you do . Someday you look up. and you 're this person you didn 't plan to be . but with you . I 'm somebody else . What is so terribly wrong about that ? Nothing 's wrong with it . It 's just not possible . Sometimes people come to a moment where they think they 've found that one last chance to be someone else . and they go for it . When it doesn 't work out . they spend the rest of their lives looking back over their shoulder at what might have been . Let 's go . Right there . Few more feet . Perfect . How you gonna get through the crowd at the gate ? Three trucks come out , get the crowd 's attention , then take off through the desert . When we 're sure they 're being chased , then the real trucks will leave . Hmm . You think it 'II work ? We 'II see . You okay ? You seem kind of down . - Hard to say good-bye , I guess . - We 're doing the right thing . The tourists can still come out and watch the stealths , and we 'II all live happily ever after . Right . Oh , man . Oh , man , oh , man , oh , man , oh , man . Ahem . You went out and got your little heart broken , didn 't you ? Ha ha ha ! Ohh ! I never met my grandfather . but my father told me he was a very brave man . And with all that he 'd done - maybe because of all he 'd done - his favourite thing in all the world was to mow the lawn . My dad said he heard his father talking to a neighbour once . The neighbour asked him how he was and what he 'd been doing . and my grandfather said . " I 've been cutting the grass and watching it grow . " Cutting the grass and watching it grow . Life . " he said . " is 90 % maintenance . " Jackson Browne : # Oh. people . look around you # # The signs are everywhere # # You 've left it for somebody other than you # # To be the one to care # # You 're lost inside your houses # # There 's no time ... # Drinks are here . Honey , we 're gonna be moving around for a Iittle while . Kind of like The Dukes of Hazzard ? Yeah , kind of like . Is this because of what happened to Dad ? There 's some people who want to talk to us , and I don 't wanna talk to them . They 're not people . I-It doesn 't matter , sweetheart . They 're not gonna find us again . Hey . Sometimes , when bad things are happening ... we imagine things . Maybe we think the things we make up can 't hurt us as much as the real things that are actually happening . Even if what we make up is scary , too . Does that make any sense ? Is Dad ever gonna be all right ? I don 't know . I really don 't know . This isn 't fair . There 's nothing fair about this ! No , there 's not . # Rock me on the water # # I 'll get down to the sea # # I 'll get down to the sea somehow # Hey , this song got me through my freshman year of college . This , and several plants we need never discuss . Your father always hated this music . Anything that was popular while he was away . It wasn 't so much the war as how he was just supposed to come back and act like nothing ever happened . I know none of this makes any sense to you right now . You just have to know that your daddy loves you . Okay ? Hey , dance with me . Come on , come on , come on , get up . Come on . # ... Soothe my fevered brow # Let 's just dance for a while , okay ? # Rock me on the water # # Maybe I 'll remember # # Maybe I 'll remember how # # Rock me on the water # # The wind is with me now # # Rock me on the water # # I 'll get down to the sea somehow # # To the sea somehow # # Rock me on the water # # Ooh # # Rock me now # The way Carter handled the hostage crisis really sealed his fate . The American people were fed up . Henry. from Selma . California . don 't you agree ? Absolutely . When citizens are taken against their will . people want to hold someone accountable . When a president is not swift and strong in response a man who 's willing to take strong action . and Reagan 's that man . People can 't stand to see their response . There 's no doubt this is why Carter lost ... Do you have your sidearm ? We 'd Iike to take a look in the back of your truck . That would be a violation of about three dozen army and air force regulations . We believe you 're in violation of a Iot more than that . We believe you 're carrying the evidence of a spacecraft that crashed in the New Mexico desert in 1947 . What kind of evidence ? We believe that you recovered bodies from that wreckage and that you 're transporting them . Bodies ? Where would you have gotten an idea like that ? Can we take a look at your cargo , please ? In the interest of fairness , full disclosure , and you not wasting any more of my time , absolutely . I was going to paint a big old happy face on the inside here and write the word " howdy , " but I just didn 't get around to it . Just so you know , my heart was in the right place . Tom , ask him what 's in those crates . Personal effects , things that belonged to my father . We 'd Iike to take a look . I 'm afraid I can 't have you snooping through my father 's affairs . You and your friends here will be driven to Las Vegas , held for 72 hours , and then released . Detained with what cause ? You were detained for interfering with a scheduled move of air force personnel . When we determined you weren 't spies , we let you go . Bastard . What did you expect me to do ? You wouldn 't let me be someone else . Look . Look ! You still don 't know how to fly it , do you ? How long do you think you can cover something like this up ? As long as I have to . / supplied by CoBeR coberus @ go2.pl
