 My name is Ma Ster You mustn 't think I am tail off as I 'm playing with my finger On the contray , I 'm absorbed in my work My mind is working swiftly Because I am a script writer Relationship is vital in show-biz but my character repels me from that All they care about is internal war They also fire you without a reason anyway , it 's not the place for me So basically you can take me as a lay-off But to make a living I must take up any chance to make money Being a script writer nowadays must also know computing At the moment , I 'm writing a grand script What shall I name this script ? I went to boarding school so let me write about Time never stops Come down , GTO It 's bad Not as bad as you , I 'll strangle you Watch out , blond Get in my way This is dormitory and not everyone can sleep here I 'll beat you if you nag on Hey , you 're only decoration worker So none of your business , fatty I 'll beat you too if you nag on What ? Are you nuts ? Everyone is odd What are you looking ? Want to be beaten ? You 've been to flower market ? Mom made some soup Didn 't watch TV news Miss Lee , a ghost chases you ? Shall we have a game tonight ? There 'll be molester at night so be careful Miss must want to save money by working here in summer Shit Why are you here ? The school is under renovation Ada likes Lily most We know the past and present but the future ... - What happens Ada ? She 's been missing for 3 days must be kidnapped I think must have been killed What do you mean ? What do you mean ? Calm down ... - Take it easy Get him medicine at once Keep calm , don 't get mad I 've known you so long otherwise , I 'll send you to asylum Did you hear something from dormitory ? did you have doubts Ada ? which one of you received the telephone without respond seven times will disappear forever Furthermore , the little girl playing hide-and-seek If she catches you when she counts 30 then ... - I 've caught you now Then you must play with her till you die I 've heard about these , but is Ada ... - Have you heard about the photos in the hall ? If you see your own photo there You 'll then ... - Die Ada 's death scares Pang Someone knocks his window at the mid night not sending supper , it was a dead body It must be that Miss who died before It is really terrible That Miss was hung in the room Her room is unable to open Not even with the key but someone saw her eyes were bleeding Did you hear what she said ? I didn 't hear everything But the sixth one is about man Friday The Crooked Yes Do you know why he is crooked ? Someone says there 's an old woman sitting on his shoulder That is old story , have you heard horrible e-mail ? Horrible e-mail ? No yet A file is attached with that e-mail Don 't panic , it 's nothing serious It 's only appetizer it includes a website There 's saying in newsgroup if you log-in in 7 " Lunar month you 'll be connected to underworld Have you ever tried ? Don 't stun , start now Hello Hello No one wants to talk ? How come ? 14th July Does it mean 7th Lunar month ? That day is ... - 24th August , is it 990824 ? Yes You are admitted if you have a soul Otherwise please leave ? Of course I have No need to bookmark this , it changes according to date I 've guessed correctly Concentrate and you 'll get what you pray for I want to find my classmate Ada Contact ghosts ? She 's dead ? I must find out who killed her Are you really Ada ? You ... - Are ... - Really ... - Dead ? How did you die ? I was killed by Crooked after he had raped me Where ... - Is ... - Your ... - Body ... - Now ? My body is in the water tank on the roof Your body is inside Crookeo 's room Yes , get to the roof Sure Is it too much ? Are you kidding ? Don 't let Nun think she 's all mighty Of course Let 's go We 'll surely scare her this time How is it , Witch ? Wait for me Help Don 't fool with internet I think I am understand I 'll face the reality even if Ada is dead It 's not true We don 't know yet , take it easy It 's stink Is he asleep ? No one He 's maniac , what smell is this ? It must be the smell of Ada 's body It 's Ada 's , it 's Ada 's ... - This chain is Ada 's , I recognize it This chain is sold everywhere , take it easy No , it 's Ada 's , I recognize it Windy No way I must kill him Why scream ? We 've rehearsed lots of times Yeah , I managed to climb up thought I 'm fat Parkinson , go and take a look Let 's give the whole thing up No ... - Sleep if you are afraid Yeah , no wonder you 're called Chicken This is me I 've caught you now Windy Take it easy , the one inside is not Ada Windy Windy How are you ? Don 't frighten me It 's bad this time Come on I did ask you to reduce weight You can 't even climb the stairs Why are you carrying a sheet ? This sheet is mine This is Parkinson That little girl seems to be chasing him Playing hide-and seek ? Windy is dead What exactly has happened ? How come ? Parkinson has gone to the store room Let 's rescue him Parkinson Parkinson ... where are you ... ? 30 , I 've caught you now Someone is down here Who can it be ? Lift things up at once Hold it , 1,2,3,4,5 We are a party of five It must be Parkinson It can 't be him He 's being hung outside Whose hands are these then ? I means one among the five of us is already dead I 'm still alive Look , I feel pain , is it you ? How come ? I have chin feel it if you don 't believe Say no more , clean it and we 'll know Forget it , let 's not see , let 's leave this place now Isn 't you ? You must believe me leave if you 're dead , Witch You mustn 't frighten us I did let you copy my homework please leave Witch is right It won 't do any good to ... - Whoever knows he 's dead Let 's leave this place first Escape through the exhausting window I 'll climb first Ladies first , Chicken Then Nun My turn now Isn 't Witch lady ? Or you get castrated ? You climb yourself , I won 't help you GTO , be careful Why so light ? You 're light , don 't listen to him bullshit Nun I 'm very heavy , help me Nun , help me , Nun ... - Nun , you 're to blame Why suggested playing internet ? I did see Chicken and Nun have no shadows Don 't just stand here , run away Miss Shek has a key No What are you still looking at ? It looks like us Cut of connection with internet can solve it What are you up to ? Let me try I can 't open the door , not even with the key A door that can never be opened What are you doing , Nun ? No , I want to check if anyone is hanging himself If yes , that means the room with the ... - never-open door is not a fixed room Did you see anyone ? The whole room is red Switch off main power They eyes of the girl ghost aren 't ... - Run You don 't remember yours is a portable computer ? GTO Why ? I only want to know how Ada is ? Why this happen ? Don 't think I am a bit fanatic I 'm now sensing the atmosphere It 's like wooing girls You mustn 't use force If you spend some time and sentiment It will be a happy ending for you Hello , yes , boss Man , how come I know where you are Boss , ghost stories must be logical just read on and you 'll know the truth Sure , how come I cheat ? So stupid ? He doesn 't understand this ? What plots can I put in to frighten the viewers ? Time never stops Come down , GTO It 's bad Not as bad as you , I 'll strangle you Watch out , blond Get in my way This is dormitory and not everyone can sleep here I 'll beat you if you nag on What ? Are you nuts ? Everyone is odd What are you looking ? Want to be beaten ? You 've been to flower market ? Luckily watched the TV news What ? Ada was detained by her ex-boyfriend He 's evil What about Ada now ? She is back home already Shall we go and pay her a visit ? Let 's go Miss Lee , no one hinders you work at night now Happy birthday to me Happy birthday to me I only want someone to accompany me Come catch me I 've caught you now You can never catch me I didn 't mean it , sister ... - I didn 't mean it Sorry , I didn 't mean it I 've caught you now Little girl , who are you looking for ? Where are your parents ? Are you lost ? What is your telephone number ? Ok , wait a while It 's engaged So you are here , don 't run about Is it delicious ? I 'll call your parents to pick up later Happy birthday How come you know it 's my birthday today ? Am I stupid ? No one celebrates birthday for me but I feel happy as you celebrate for me this year I don 't have friends All my past birthday were lonely maybe I am insistent on many things I can 't tell others they won 't understand So I prefer being alone Is it boring ? In fact , I seldom talk with others I don 't know why I can tell you so much I 'll get you some drink Don 't move Great , eat her No ... - Help ... - No ... - Chase Little girl , are you alright ? Don 't be afraid , I 'm here you won 't get hurt You 'll be fine , don 't panic Hello Strange , where is she ? Lock the gate , see where this bitch can run OK , I 'll lock the gate Grasp her busts rape her You made a double last night Do you need women so badly ? But you don 't work as harry Boss , I must enjoy as a women is here Bitch Let 's do fist game I 've won Work now , we 've taken the money and we 've killed that teacher This bitch recognizes us Remember , we must find this bitch OK I 've won , I 'll rape her first Bitch , where are you ? Kill you There 's a little girl , I 'm gentle to little girl Bitch , kill you Sam Bitch , stand there , where can you run ? Bitch , stop , stand there Bitch , I must kill you ... - You 're sister ? You 're really sister ? Sister ... - Sister , you aren 't angry with me anymore You don 't come to revenge but to help me , right ? Sister Sister Sister , you must leave now ? Don 't go Sister Sister , don 't go Sister , don 't go Thank you , sister The line is engaged Hello You scared me to death , boss What ? Don 't understand again ? The two sisters are exchange They younger sister suffers mental disease We needn 't write it The audience will understand that Boss , audience now don 't like direct narration Got it ? I 'll nearly finish Don 't press on me , OK ? By the way , boss When will you pay me ? Hello ... - Hang up when I mention my pay What a mean boss Hello , Fatty Kau I 'm writing a script for a mean boss Yeah , his company is called Brago It spells Brago Help me check if it is reliable Hey , you must help or I won 't have money to pay you Right , say no more , I 'm sleepy Come down , GTO It 's bad Not as bad as you Time never stops You 've been to flower market ? Luckily I watched the TV news What ? So she got detained by her ex-boyfriend He 's evil Where is Ada ? She 's back home already Shall we go and pay her a visit ? Let 's go Miss Lee , no one hinders you work at night now Kuen , you 'd better go upstairs Hey , those guys are upset ? No , Miss Lee wants some peace You do decoration work You may spend the night here Mr. Shek , you 're reasonable OK , I 'll go upstairs Mr. Shek , you 're working so hard You work late every day aren 't you tired ? No , if I connect to internet Aren 't you tired playing it all day ? Internet is really funny Internet ? I don 't understand I think screwing with different girls is funnier Why are you always wearing dark glasses You needn 't have reacted like that Your room is on 3rd floor I won 't hinder you , I 'll go now Smoke less will do you good Are you blind , Crooked ? I forget you 're dumb Hurry up , your turn now Someone is here so late ? Your turn What card ? A pair of King Pass ... - Straight No No , either Finish You lose , pay me You have 10 cards in hand I come to arrest You didn 't call me to join the game ? You 'd better let me join you 3 plays is omen Come on , old ruin $ 5 a card You aren 't tired now ? I will never get tired if there 's game My turn , Queen Do you have money ? OK , mark in the account , don 't bullshit Pass ... - Have you tried Mindy of Portland ST ? She is great on bed Pass ... - Why ... - What 's wrong ? You get 3 of the 2s Are you cheating me ? I lost every time And you win one by one , I lost all time Aren 't you tired ? No , let 's play on Don 't you need to work tomorrow ? Damn you , I 'm working now Stop nagging , OK ? You 're hindering me These ass-holes run away Now I have good cards with me I must revenge tomorrow I 'm in bad luck , even my watch has stopped What 's wrong ? Playing balls at midnight ? It 's too much Stop playing balls or I 'll beat you Bitch Bitch , did your mom teach you ? You 'd better go home for it I 'm talking to you , bitch Go home and sleep now Mr. Shek You work late every day , aren 't you tired What are you doing here so late ? Surfing the internet , it 's really funny Internet again ? Why you say this every time ? Mr. Shek , if I snatch your dark glasses You needn 't have reacted like that Your room is on 3rd floor Mr. Shek , you act better than I do Don 't smoke so much , Mr. Shek It 's bad for your health Are you blind , Crooked ? Why , it 's still 2nd floor ? Did I make a mistake ? No way , I have to walk down again 1st floor 2nd floor 3rd floor The roof , 3rd floor The 3rd floor is here How come I can never reach it ? 2nd floor It should be 3rd floor up there Who is fooling me ? Who is fooling me ? Who is fooling ? Who is fooling me ? Don 't run Stop , you ass-hole Ass-hole Me ass-hole ? You 're the real ass-hole Ghost Stop playing , I 'm really tired , I beg you Give me a way out , I do worship Kwan Fairy I also burn incenses though not many , don 't blame me I sleep here as I want to save on traffic expenses Don 't blame me if I have wronged you I take your promise me now What do you want ? You won 't let me leave Stop fooling me I 've caught you now Brother Kuen , still remember me ? I 'm Mindy , number 24 Want to play with me now ? Come , come here Come on Brother Kuen Brother Kuen , we are here too Brother Kuen , come on You want me to die ? Does a horny man deserve dying ? Even if I am horny I remit money to my family at homeland I really remit money for my family I mustn 't die My family will suffer if I die I really pamper them My watch moves again Who is it ? Hubby Honey When will you come and see us ? We miss you much I miss you too , honey We died horribly Honey No way Honey , I know I am wrong Honey Honey ... - My watch moves again Hello , Honey , are you alright ? And the kid ? How are they ? Great , I 'll come back in 2 days Sorry to wake you up I 'll call again later , bye Kuen What is it ? Time to work , we must paint the wall Yes , the wall outside , I know I 'm the new tutor here May I move in to the dormitory ? Can you fix millennium bug ? Yes , is it this one ? No , that one OK Here Go in please What is it ? Help ... - He can 't have logged in website of 9990714 Or else he will know how to fix millennium bug Ma Ster , Ma is my name Ster is first name Tell the owner I 've finished the script ask him to pay me It 's too much , the script is finished but he won 't pay Hello , Fat Kau ? Have you checked ? What ? Brago is Tibet language ? Meaning ghosts ? Ma Ster , here is the cheque
