 Dumbo calling circus Only some tickets have been bought If family wants to come see it ... better hurry up and get tickets But I 've read the critics You either like it very much or you hate it very much Thank you Do come early , there 'll be lucky draw ... pretty girls . There 's a $ 900 minimum My wife is Japanese She 's lovely You 're so lucky I 'm nicer and more handsome But you 're the one with a Jap wife Jap girls aren 't as pretty as in VCDs She 's obedient , takes good care of me and lets me do whatever I want Then resists with inviting groans It 's boring to hear it often The world is so boring Let 's go and have fun Circus calling Dumbo . Report Get a dope to reply ! Dope replying . Nothing to report Ugh ... Dope ! Sorry , Mister Is this cigarette yours ? Yes ... uh , I accidentally ... I 'm sorry ... Yeah ... accidental ? I thought you did it on purpose Shush She 's lost . Let me show her the bus stop Wait a second ... Little girl , I don 't know what you want I know I 'm yummy Keep this mood for half an hour Till I get off work , I 'll take you to ... How did I do just now ? All right Was I abrupt ? No , you weren 't abrupt You 'll never believe this 11 p.m. , Dragon Cafe Mongkok see you there Then I 'd better be there Do you mind ? Hurry up , I 'm on duty Bye Attention all units ransom collected by suspect Block up the area ! Go to work ! Police working , excuse me ! Police working , lights please ! Down ! Don 't move ! On the ground ! Sorry , the cinema is sealed off Everybody , please don 't leave Police ! Males here , females over there Too many people to be divided up Males there , females there ! Short-sighted here , far-sighted there ! Year of the rat there , rams here ! Rams that are Pisces over there ! Those from the same year , down ! Stop ! Males on the left , females right Those under 10 at the back ! Good idea ! What 's your name ? Yu First Yoiji Ho What 's yours ? Yu First I did , what 's yours ? My name is Yu First ! Very funny ! Show me your ID card ! What do you do for living , Mr. Yu ? Singer , just recording , EP out soon Hip Hop or R Blues ? Hip Hop , of course Madam , ID card please Sir , when can I leave ? I gotta cook for my husband and son Then don 't come to the movies Who is it ? Police ! Come out ! Come out ! Hands up ! Come out ! Come out ! Hostage ! Put down your gun ! Run ! Run ! Attacking the police ? Don 't shoot ! It 's a toy gun . I 'm holding for my son Don 't shoot Don 't run ! Lend me your shoulders Why run so fast ? Bullets can 't reach so far Thank you Was my punch painful just now ? No , no You 're so lovely ! I 'd better go now Don 't go yet , you left something I left something ? Your ID card Thank you Forget it . It doesn 't matter Mail it back to me when you find it Wait ... Don 't waste the $ 400 for replacement Maybe it 's hiding somewhere Let me help you look for it No , it 's not there ! Maybe it is , let me look No No ... Let me take a look ! It 's your luck my eyes are on you ... You don 't need to gamble all week Look ! No ... It 's really not there ... Asshole ! Don 't move ! It 's painful ! You 're amazing . I tried my best But you still see me through I 'm the Top Wanted for the last 5 years Nickname Transformer the Kidnapper MacGayfa , that 's me ! Don 't come near me ! Shoot if you dare Help ! Help ! Sorry , it 's my fault I really can 't arrest you , leave Thanks for being such a supporter Okay , see you later You bastard , I 'll kill you ! Help ... I have hostages Don 't move , this controls a bomb If I press , it 'll explode Bro ! You said I 'm your supporter You 'll be my friend forever Your hostage is only a lost girl If you go to jail for it You 'll be laughed at , ignored ... Eat your chicken wings won 't play with you ! No ! Uncle ! Don 't hurt the innocent ! I 'm pressing the button ! Be careful ! There 's a car ! Slowly ... don 't push ! Don 't push ... Be careful ! So , found it yet ? CK and I are looking for it I gotta be faster than the police Roger Yoiji Ho , people 's hero , work hard ! Thank you , Sir ! I 'll leave you alone Good bye , Sir ! Why are you sweating so much ? Mayumi I can fill the bath for you I don 't want to bath today You 're my girl , not my servant Just tell me , why steal it ? Sorry , you just put it by your bed I thought it was a gift from you What a big misunderstanding Then whose bracelet is this ? We 'll be married soon , be honest Do I really gotta tell ? Yes Really ? The girl last night , she came to me And wait for me to get off work I know she can 't control herself Though she 's not as hot as you She looks naive but is hot inside It 's fascinating , but ... She died last night Isn 't it a pity , Mayumi ? You said I can tell you anything Hmm ... I 've kept something from you Actually , I used to be a ... Geisha Don 't worry , geishas aren 't whores We perform but don 't sell ourselves What do you perform ? Sexy dance How much do you earn a month ? 150,000 HK dollars Will you look down on me ? Can you ... perform for me ? It 's quite sexy , turn around ... With the mop ... turn ... I can 't accept myself like this ! What do you mean ? I can ! Think it over before coming to me Bye ! Get up , bastard ! You 're having cramps now ? Mayumi ? Yoiji , you didn 't come to the cafe Ghost in the daytime ! Help ... Ghosts ... ghosts in the daytime ! Are you sure ... Why did you poke at my ass ? I didn 't . I 've put something inside Put inside ... A Chinese Ghost Story ... Be calm , I 'm a robot from the future The one who died is from the same series ... Mei Ling Chan series , serial no . 1872332 I 'm the next : 1872333 You are a robot Terminator ... Robocop ! You believe in me ? Of course I do , robots Just like emails and mobile phones With technology , anything 's possible China has its own astronaut Let me clear my mind first Terminator ! Since the time machine is invented in 2100 Sequence of events are messed up 1 Terracotta soldier is missing John Lennon died 2 days later My duty for this visit here is to ... ensure events happen like it should Let me show you Year 2054 1872333 And so many lines too ... Wow Year 2054 A.D. Father of Chips come up with HR815 You again ? Made the 1st Mei Ling Chan Robots What 's that gotta do with me ? On 15 Aug , his brother will die ... in the cemetery of Happy Valley Because of this , love is roused between his wife and him To commemorate their love he used his wife Mei Ling as a model and made the Mei Ling Robots And you 're the famous Father of Chips' ... brother Are you sure ? In order to keep history as is I 'll ensure your safety until 15 Aug At the same time , I 'll make sure ... you die on 15 Aug at the age of 33 No way ! You 're wrong , I don 't have a brother My data is never wrong You 're crazy ! Admit you 're wrong Sorry , I need to recharge I beg you , I 'm at the prime of youth You 're being unfair You don 't have to beg me We robots have no emotions Can 't be coaxed , won 't be angry Never sad , never laugh Shit Sorry , I 'm a little too excited Don 't think you can escape I 've put a tracer in your bottom I can find you wherever you are Why me ? Is it that bad ? Hello Mayumi , pack and wait for me We gotta escape , things aren 't good What did you say ? Yoiji Ho ! Yin , CK , Bo , good timing A robot on earth ! Take a look ... Yoiji Ho , policemen have been killed Police suspects you 're involved Take him away Go How about the robot ? It 's real . It 's a female Why ? Dressed to kill What did you say ? We found this on your desk Idiot , it 's surprising you don 't fail in my hands Be pretentious , I hate it most If I kill , I 'll wear my own clothes You 're wrongly accusing me Wrongly accusing you ? Change him ! Don 't move ! Men desire face like trees do bark I won 't strip before your lustful eyes Good ! Seeing you like this , I agree to obey I 'll strip Okay I said I 've been wrongly accused ! Why do the clothes fit me so well ? Do you have a full length mirror ? There 's a flaw ... Look , how would it fit so well ? We 're talking homicide Why would I imitate my idol Wai-man Chan ? How come ? Would you ? I know ... The man you 're looking for is Chan Wai-man Chan ? Go to hell ! Help ! Stop ! Madam , help me ... Unjustly ruled ! Officer , he even kills his own men Get off Unless he 's sentenced , he 's a suspect He 's not ours if he 's sentenced What 's the matter ? They 're using violence it 's breaking the rules They don 't know the rules give him to me Yoiji , what happened to you ? I was wrongly accused Don 't worry , come Please have some I know you like Japanese cuisine He wants to kill me Ming Sir , try if it 's been poisoned You 're crazy Listen , just admit it , it 'll be okay I 've been wrongly accused ! I know you didn 't do it Admit it , coz I treat you as my bro You can 't spell , don 't know Mandarin Born with bad luck , grown up weak No brains for school , lazy at work Lacks sincerity , no aspiration IQ not high enough , EQ too high Your mom 's health become the subject of your ICQ chat By the way , how 's Auntie ? She recently ... Forget it ... I just wanna ask you something Can you tell between men and apes ? You 're useless Why don 't you admit it ? Killing police , that 's so cool You 'll be on the news , you 're famous They 'll call you the Big One in jail Write a memoir when you 're out Sell your rights to Hollywood In the film , Brad Pitt will be you Al Pacino will be me Think , 10 years of youth ... in exchange for fame and wealth The world will be yours by then Sign it No ! Why ? I can 't write my own memoir Then find someone to , sign I don 't want Brad Pitt to be me I like Wai-man Chan Ok , Chan will be you , Pacino will be me I 'm more confident now Then sign it What now ? I can 't breathe Why ? The cigar has toxin ... I 've been poisoned by ciguatoxin Don 't kid with me Bastard ! Criminal is escaping ! Get out I surrender ... help ... If you run , you 're a criminal If you 're innocent , face it with courage I don 't have courage , now what ? Okay , justice is fair If you go back I 'll help you find the truth You believe in me ? No , I believe in proof I won 't let go unless file 's closed Everybody freeze ! Let your hostage go ! Ridiculous ! Drop your weapons ! You 're surrounded by so many of us Put down your guns ! This posture is great , back 5 steps ! Okay , 5 more steps ! Now hug ! Hug ! Kiss ! That 's too much , bastard ! So embarrassing Fondle , fondle each other ... You can 't escape , I 'll get you Sorry , heroine Yoiji Ho ! Sorry ... Yoiji Ho ... bastard Which department are you from ? Robbery department Sorry , Sir ! I 'll be in debt to your kindness Has anyone seen Yoiji Ho ? Has anyone seen Yoiji Ho ? Licence ! Licence ! What 's the matter , officer ? Get the licence out , quick ! Okay ... Now ... Owner 's off to honeymoon ? Mom ! Mom ... open the door ! I 'm Yoiji , Mom , open the door ... Bright is the moonlight on my bed Or is that frost ? 3 X 2 is 2 , 9 X 9 is 80 something 3 X 3 is 6 ... Add $ 1 for a bar of chocolate ? I don 't want it Comes to $ 52.6 , thanks Toy gun , any discount for students ? Do you have a student pass ? You 're kidding ! Look at my uniform Forget it ... Give me a pack of cigarettes Hello , I can 't come to the phone Please leave your message after the tone Mayumi , I might die on Aug 15 All units , look out for suspect in officer uniform Male , 1.75m tall Moustache , weapon , very dangerous Roger Kiddo , why are you out so late ? Tuition for Chinese , English and Math What 's wrong with your lips ? Pimples growing one after another With pus oozing out I squeezed and made my face bloody Headmaster said I was wounded and gave me bandaid The bloody pimples ... Tuition lessons so late ? Because of exams Poor kids , never ending exams Not that poor . Bye Mr. Police , bye Lend me some water , bitch You can 't hide away like this You 're going to hide all your life ? What 's wrong ? Wanna fight so early ? I 've killed so many , I 'll kill you ! You ? How ? You 're just squatting here like me Run and hide . That 's a good boy Run ? How ? Will you ? Teach me if you 're so wise ! I will . Don 't intimidate me Go to Chung King No. 51 , look for Ling She has passports and transport Why help me ? I 'm not ! I get my share ! Tell her Slooberbie sent you Or else she won 't pay me Slooberbie Wah ! When I save a billion we 'll go live in the Netherlands Sorry ... I 'm looking for Ling She 's over there Robot ? Didn 't I drain her already ? Sorry , Ling Why did you lie to me ? Uncle Ray told me to come He said you have all his business Don 't let me see you again , get lost ! Sorry , Ling ... What do you want , kiddo ? Are you Ling or 1872333 ? Can 't lend you my phone No ... I want to get a fake passport 35K all in all . Come with me Don 't hang around my entrance ! Sorry , Ling ... Sit up Look here Bastard ! I give you 35K and you take 1 shot You should let me change my look We robots have no emotions can 't be coaxed Won 't be angry , never sad , never happy Choose for yourself It 's such a ... hard choice Everybody likes me Doesn 't even laugh at Doraemon ? Suspicious You 're young , let me tell you a joke I don 't like jokes No , you 'll like this one It 's like this A group of animals are on exile ... Not enough food . What should they do ? They come up with a contest telling jokes Anyone who cannot make everyone laugh will be thrown into the sea The ox is first ... So , how was it ? Okay , I 'll go on The ox finished . It was very funny Everybody laughed except a pig So the ox was thrown into the sea Now 's the goat 's turn Nobody laughed at goat 's joke Suddenly , the pig laughed Others ask him , what is so funny ? He said : Now I understand ox 's joke ! So funny but she didn 't laugh She must be a robot Where do you plan to go to ? Must it be SE Asia ? I don 't like it hot Then hide in the fridge . So ? Sorry ... hot is okay ... Maldives , thanks Then Thailand Those Sunday markets , Siam Square ... Buddha lion tiger croc and queers Come on , let 's fly parachute on a banana boat What else is there ? Many activities , enough for a while I know But it 'll be more than a while I 'll shoot at your mouth right now ! You 're human ? What 's your name ? Chan ... Mei Ling Chan To commemorate their love He used his wife Mei Ling as a model And made the Mei Ling Robots So this is Father of Chips ' ... Bitchy wife Mei Ling Chan ! If I kill her , he can 't make the robots Then no robots will come for me But this woman has a gun How can I kill her ? I love you I did all this to get your attention I 've watched you for a long time I took this chance to be near you Watched me ? How ? I was here all the time I don 't watch with my eyes I heard about you . That 's enough My godmother always talks about you Slooberbie She told me to give you our treasure Come with me , let 's escape together You 're breathing hard Let me play with your gun There 's a boat leaving 9 p.m. Let 's go Mei Ling , when 're you gonna relax ? Those investigating continue Others enlarge searching area Within 5 days , I want all villages ... in HK to receive this questionnaire Don 't leave out any single tip Understand ? Yes , Sir ! Any questions ? Yes ! I went to where the explosion was I found this unknown thing Yoiji Ho said in his statement that ... he met a robot I can 't say whether he lied or not But nothing should be missed Never give up till file 's closed Let me handle the investigation Officer Cheng I want you to wait for news 24hrs and arrest Yoiji Ho But I 'm just getting some ideas Yoiji is extremely dangerous I want to entrust this task to the one I trust Understood Ling , we are couple let me share your burden Come on baby , come on Thanks Is there any ghost in the car ? What are you doing ? Well , there 's a slow leak in the tire I 'll bump it for you We 'll stay forever What 's your name ? Yoiji Ho Poor you But I don 't mind Okay Ling , you 're here Since you 've seen it , don 't go Come here and let 's BBQ No more sausages , like pigeon ? On the same side ? Tell us earlier And we can get a suckling pig Still raw ? I don 't care . Just eat Doesn 't budge even if Tai Shan tumbles You two must be experienced bandits What did you do ? ORBIS ! I 'm angry just talking about it My eyesight is bad , I went to ORBIS threaten a doctor to do Lasik But when I was there , I saw a guy who looks like ER 's George Clooney I don 't care . I told him to do it It turned out he 's really Clooney He didn 't know how to do it He 's shaking and eyes steaming I 'm furious . I stabbed him He didn 't dare call the police only told Pierce Brosnan Suddenly , an army came to get me Why is it not even hot ? Friend , what have you done ? It 's my looks Doesn 't look like it , and reward ? 4,000 Yes , I 'm green But if I do more interviews Not picky on work ... Many people will like me Yes , young man , be confident Believe me . You can do what you want Should be cooked by now Pa , your sausage is not cooked yet Why did you blow up my sausage ? Taran , Tino , giving up ? Hold it This is the money you gave me Take tomorrow 's boat He and I have reserved tonight 's Take my car after you eat Kiddo , are you kidding us ? Tomorrow is Thai Queen 's birthday The next boat is 2 weeks later We 've given you so much business How do you treat us now ? Shut up Just say it , do you want the money ? Son , don 't take it , never be greedy Pa , I 'm over here You can use it in hell I 'll burn the money for you That 's ridiculous ! Put down your gun ! There 's the boat . Let 's go , pa ! Go after it ! Mei Ling , forgive me Why are you so angry ? That bastard blew up our boat ! You want to ruin everything ? Over there , pa ! Don 't you dare move ! Let my father go ! If you hurt him , I 'll cut his ear We 've been in business for so long Why give up because of an ear ? If you move again I 'll blow up his ear ! Just do it ! Maybe I 'll turn blind and deaf Just do it ! No ! I didn 't mean it ! Shut up ! I didn 't want to blow up the boat Shut up Bullets don 't have eyes Just shut up ! Don 't be afraid ... Over here , pa Let him go ! So easy ? I want money ! Bring me $ 50K in half an hour Or else , I 'll blow up his throat ! Take me as your hostage Bring $ 50K to save me Here 's a bracelet , anything else ? Don 't touch my bracelet ! Half an hour , $ 50K , quick ! Nothing stupid , or I 'll kill her ! If I act stupid , you 'll kill her ? Yes ! This plank is inconspicuous I can kill them with a smile Acting stupid ? Stop ! You think you can escape ? I can kill you even if I 'm blind Kill us with a smile ? Sneaky ! That 's what you said , bro ! Why is your ass flashing red light ? Why is my ass flashing red light ? Even ass is also acting stupid It 's dangerous . Get on the car , go Twins ? I thought I broke your legs How can you walk again ? Charger on my right , battery left You hit the battery last time So the battery fell out I was then immersed in water Battery flowed in through water So I can move again Electricity through water Should have studied at school I don 't want to hit you , I was sad ... Do you mind taking me back ? I want to kill that gal No , it 's dangerous to walk around I 'm going to drain you under water Let you out for your death on the 15th You 're back Yes , I 'm back Don 't worry . Our bracelet is still here Officer Zhang Where is he ? On top A boat exploded just now at 10 A taxi driver found a female body 20 years old , artificial limb lost We arrived , found someone fainted We 're still not sure what happened Only you know Yoiji 's whereabouts ? Yes ! I know who he is with He is with Chung King No.51 's Ling And her twin sister together They are twins . Go get them Can I cut off your bra ? It 's more convenient ... Why haven 't you ... Don 't start evil thoughts I forgot to wear it today Why did you cut out my clothes ? You 're shot . I gotta remove the bullet When did I tell you I was shot ? I was bumped by that bastard And hurt my back here Let me relax it for you Lie up there These flesh and blood life ... is really dangerous I 'm an orphan . Grew up in a home To be aided , kept ... and loved is very lucky Finally , someone paid for my living He wrote to me . He is Uncle Longlegs We corresponded regularly He gave me confidence I treat him as my real father I 'll write to tell him everything Happy or unhappy I 'll tell Uncle Longlegs honestly I left the home when I was 18 I saw Uncle Longlegs finally Ling Ling , do you want curry ? Go to work What kind of work ? So I make fake passports for him And arrange for their escape I 've thought of leaving But I don 't have a home or family My wish to make a family here ... is really difficult Meet at Chung King 's entrance Wait for my orders Officer Fong cancelled order meeting on 4 / F now Yes , Sir Where are going now ? Rob someone . All the money 's gone We gotta get hold of some money Who should we rob ? Take out all your valuables ! Why are we lugging bags of flour ? These are Taj Mahal curry powder Worth $ 60,000 if sold Why stop ? What 's the matter ? Let 's go Yoiji Ho ! Yoiji Ho , don 't go ! Yoiji Ho ! Yoiji Ho , stop Yoiji Ho ! Yoiji Ho ! Let 's split . I 'll get rid of her Meet you at the entrance Oh no ! I 'm lost Yoiji Ho ! Don 't move ! Leave me alone ... Answer me I found on the spot Something blue like a bulb What 's that for ? It 's the charger of the robot girl Forget it . You won 't believe it Go on You believe there are robots ? Your statement wasn 't unreliable Like people before won 't believe ... We have emails and mobile phones With technology , anything 's possible China has her own astronaut If you believe in me , let me go I must leave HK on Aug 15 Or else the robot will kill me How do they look like ? Like spies in the police station You can 't tell them apart Unless you know the secret Robot 's secret is on the left leg Hit it right at the middle will do Understood Come with me first ! Let her go Sorry , heroine You know we don 't want to Yoiji , let 's go Thailand , time , how much ? Which pier ? Any earlier ? Honey ! Yes ... told you to lie low Why did you dress like this ? I 'm trying to lie low I 'm afraid police will follow me Then were you ? Someone is following me Not sure whether it is the police What are you looking at ? Give me $ 100,000 and go home I need some more How much more ? $ 70,000 So little ? Sorry , too short notice Hey , do you want to watch me dance ? Yes ! Mayumi , stay calm You can 't accept my past ! Why won 't I accept your past ? Settle a price before you start You can accept me ? Look at the loafers , poorer than me Borrow elsewhere . I 'll be back tomorrow No , I want to go with you ... my hubby When are we leaving ? Made arrangement so fast ? Who is she ? She is our lamp in the darkness I 'll go and get a space for you Don 't get it wrong , poor her Just like you , an orphan I 've kept her since she was 7 She is just like a daughter to me Sometimes we call each other honey Only the senile will misunderstand us You hug your daughter like this ? Only a father hugging daughter I have to , or else she can 't sleep Let her come . I 'll help her cope We 'll let her go when she 's grown Why should I believe in you ? Because of my steadfast look Get on the car Yoiji , let 's find a place to stay I think I have a mom Mom ! It 's mom 's signal - ghosts around So many police . What should we do ? Come back tomorrow Officer , we gotta close early today She said she has to close early Close early ? Closing up ? Congratulations ! Thank you ... After my mom ? Have fun Getting married , please excuse us Please excuse us ... Be careful This way This way , be careful Oh , my mom said to follow her Go after my mom ... Congratulations ! Good afternoon , Auntie Son Mom , I was framed Beware of spies Talk at our headquarters Headquarters ? Go up ! Mom , what headquarters ? Dr. Lau planned it For escaping from nuclear bombs Please come inside You must ask why set up this headquarters ? Well , you never know what 'll happen There 's so many disasters nowadays Why wait ? So I planned ahead Just activate the safety measures If a nuclear bomb explodes ... Is there air condition here ? Yes ... 8 persons can live here for half year It 's unexpected Despite its size we have everything needed 25,000 cans of meat sauce and fish For water , we don 't have ... enough money to build a water tank So we 're using buckets And cover it up with plastic wrap Don 't use it unless necessary What 'll happen during a nuclear war ? Is there enough water to bathe ? Don 't underestimate what we have Drinking water recycler distills ... human waste into clean water About bathing ... In times like these , keep it simple Ladies , wet it and just wipe Change over there and take a rest Son So , is it all right ? All right ! All right ! It 's only a start , but it 's a dream They are all Dr. Lau 's hard work Let me introduce myself ... Wait Mom , you didn 't say you got married You were busy , I didn 't bother you We 've signed the papers , married Let 's have dinner as a family Mom ... Do you and Dr. Lau have plans to ... give me a younger brother ? Have you stopped ? Stopped what ? Men ... What ? Your menstruation This is not shameful , I don 't care Yes , it 's stopped last year Everything 's all right then But I haven 't told you 8 years ago ... I had a son with him Brother ? Where 's he now ? Doing experiments in the garden Really ? Mini-man , this is your brother Brother Is he sick ? He 's calculating What is he calculating ? Sunspot activity west of equator under influence of gamma rays A moving object moving ... in a straight line at 16 m / min will reflect a shadow of the sun ... can be changed into energy ? Mom ! I don 't know what he 's saying Everyone excels in his specialty Maybe he inherited Dr. Lau 's genes Are you jealous of your brother ? I wanted to slap him on his face But I have a feeling now ... I have such a terrific brother I am most proud Little brother Big brother What are your aspirations ? To become a scientist What do you want to invent ? Probably robots What kind ? Gundam ... Evangelion Brother will sleep with you tonight Good . I snore a lot , do you mind ? I don 't mind Bastard ! Snores like thunder ! Too loud and woke you up ? I made a snoring machine As there 's noise , if I watch DVD nobody will know You 're really ... something Who do you thank for your Nobel Prize ? Nobel , of course Very good ! Mail him a thank you card , okay ? Who are you most in debt to ? Who ? Me , of course Fine ! Okay ... let me ask you another question What do you think of Ling ? The smiling one or the sad one ? The sad one All right If you go shopping with girls don 't choose bare backs ... They really don 't like it Also , don 't let them down , okay ? Are you dying soon ? No Then what 's your death wish ? To watch DVD with you Okay , let 's watch now It 's even better with pants off Really ? You strip first I 've stripped , your turn now Really ? Yes ! Watch DVD Shan , did you do this ? You saw Yoiji and Tino at the ferry yesterday ? Yes , I did this Did he say Mei Ling has a bracelet ? Yes Did he mention how it was like ? He said it 's a nice one There are buds of diamonds On a rectangular , silver ... That 's fine How did they look like ? Like spies in the police station You can 't tell them apart unless you know the secret Did you see Yoiji Ho ? Sorry , he got away Were you in contact with him , or ... Can you guess his whereabouts ? No The secret is in their left leg Hit the middle of his left shin That will do Officer Cheng , I bought new shoes Can you take a look ? They are not very new Yours are new , can I take a look ? Here ? We are in the station Take it slowly There 's no one in the storage room ... Don 't move ! Officer Cheng , do you believe in robots ? Why do you wash Yoiji 's undies ? I 've washed it all along The Jap gal is washing your undies . Why ? No . Only between father and daughter Don 't start evil thoughts No way , I wanna wash too Take off your undies Want some softener ? And bleach ? What do you want ? You wash pretty well You can be a professional washer I don 't know about others . But you can Why should I ? Promise me , you can only live once Leave your previous lifestyle behind Start over a new leaf You loathe me ? I know I 'm not like the other girls I 'm seductive , I 'm ungracious And never had a boyfriend Mei Ling , how would I loathe you ? I just want you to have a better life Then ... let 's date I want to too But shopping , dinner , movies ... is difficult for us fugitives Let 's do something else Good , let 's play with guns Let 's throw a grenade Calm down , there 's lots to play We can play hide and seek Good , I 'll hide first lf ... you catch me , I 'll do anything Really anything ? Mei Ling ... I didn 't know you are a ninja ! Mei Ling ! Mei Ling ... Mei Ling ! Mei Ling ! Where are you ? Mei Ling ! Mei Ling ... Where have you gone ? Mei Ling ! Mei Ling ... I 've made a big mistake Mei Ling ... did you fall ? Say something , Mei Ling ... You found me Honey , what are you doing ? This is how dating is like She loves you more than a daughter It 's her problem , I don 't mind Explain to her What were you doing with her ? Honey ! What are you doing ? Honey ! Put your love affairs aside first Yoiji , go hide in a nylon bag I 'll ship you to south of Shanmei I don 't know anyone there . No way ! Don 't worry , Mini-man will go too ! Crazy ! You 're willing ? Son , we 're family ! Accept my good intentions ! Don 't ! What 's the matter , Mei Ling ? Go inside ! Why , wash again ? What 's the matter ? Let me out ! You 'll kill him ! Don 't come near I 'll cut your hand ! Why put him in the washing machine ? Let him out first , if you wanna ... fight him face to face Yes , you 'll kill him Why did you lie to me ? Why does everyone lie to me ? I didn 't lie to you You 'll really kill him Let him answer before you kill him Yoiji ... Honey ... My son ... Come on out How are you ? Hubby , look ! He 's dead ... Stop me Yoiji ... Hold on ! Pull the plug will do . Genius ! It 's okay now My son Yoiji ... Mei Ling , what did you ask me ? Nothing Come on out , don 't speak Police have just arrested Officer Zhang Kitt suspected to have fallen for Yoiji Ho escaped for killing fellow officers She is diagnosed with the Stockholm Syndrome which is the reason why she helped Officer Yoiji Ho escape Officer Zhang in love with me ? Let 's talk to Senior Inspector Willmark Cheng Just one : Zhang Kitt is the shame of the police Officer Cheng ... Give way Officer Cheng , about the explosion We found a female body with an artificial limb Forensics decided it 's a human model It 'll be in the exhibition room Officer , can you go and receive it ? Sir Tom This has been hand-delivered to you Zhang Kitt is innocent She didn 't do it , please let her go Secret Agent You 've used words in 30 newspapers You 've tried your best , let 's go No ! It must have been Officer Cheng Why does Old Tom still trust him ? Did you mention he 's a bad guy ? Oh no ! I didn 't ! I 'll do it . You deliver it for me Sit down first ... It 's not necessary Why don 't you call him directly ? Isn 't that more convincing ? They can locate the line in 10 sec It 'll take 9 sec Why don 't you speak to him ? Be confident in yourself Hello Sir Tom Officer Cheng is the bad guy ... Done Did you dial 133 ? Why dial 133 ? Go now ... Bro , pull the gates ! Don 't move ! Don 't move ! You 're our hostages Stay there , don 't move Tell the police , I want a helicopter Inconsecutive nos . , US $ 2M cash Plus a PS2 ... And holidays until Chinese New Year Or else I 'll kill a hostage per min Go ! Tell the police ! Little bro , are you a little too much ? Big bro , gentlemen should be cruel Stab a worker , throw him out Let them know we mean business Bro , I 'm not a man of big business but you will be Leave , I don 't want you involved Don 't move Now you 're mine ... Sir , don 't You know I 'm systematic Today , there 're 3 steps Last , you 'll stay here till the court Second , take you of my staff outside But first , you gotta answer me If you answer well , jump to step 3 If not ... step 2 can last for more than 3 hrs Are you ready ? Don 't pretend anymore I know about your stuff What do you know ? I know you must have a secret I just don 't know what it is Now I ask you the first question Day you got MacGayfa did you find a bracelet ? You did all this for a bracelet ? The diamonds are fake , I was tricked I give you $ 2,000 , let me go Tell me where the bracelet is ! So there really is a bracelet Now I understand Understand what ? There 's a secret behind the bracelet I just don 't know what it is Did you give it to Mei Ling Chan ? You know that too ? Where 's that woman ? I won 't tell even if you kill me Open the door ... I 'll tell ... Where is she ? She escaped Where ? She boarded a boat at Sai Kung this morning She must be somewhere near SE Asia ... Maldives Thank you Why can it be Maldives ? He admitted to it I 'm only asking Run away ? ! Later you 'll know ! Officer , this is Yoiji Ho 's lawyer I 'm Yoiji Ho 's lawyer Yoiji didn 't make any calls here How did he notify you ? My client told me this morning If I don 't hear from him in 8 hrs I 've to come to the police station Do you think my client is retarded ? Wait , my people are busy You 're not tired at all ? Yoiji Ho is a serious criminal We 've the right not to permit bail I know I tell you now , he can 't be bailed As you say Darling Follow me ! I can 't see but you don 't tell me Go Criminals are escaping , get them ! Calm down , pretend it 's okay Yes ! Stop talking , don 't go ! I 'll tell you some more I don 't want to listen ! What 's so funny , tell me I won 't tell you I don 't want to listen ... stomach ache Officer Zhang ... save her also Good ... Yoiji Ho ! Where is he ? Yoiji Ho ! I 'm firing ! Sorry , I wanted to save you Now I 've to hold you hostage again I really can 't help you Officer Cheng is the bad guy Give you half min , let the hostage go Police won 't compromise with terrorists Come here ... I 'll draw their attention , you go No ! I 'll do it , you go Is today Aug 13 ? Yes ! Let me go ! Wait ! It 's so dangerous . I won 't let you You 're mine . You can 't die if I say so Believe me , I won 't die today Bastard ! Fight me man to man ! Come ! Afraid ? Even so many people ? Come ! Hit me , come on ... 1872333 ! Officer Zhang , go now ... Go now ! You go . I 'm a Leo . I never escape You guys go now Good Leo ! We 'll go now Go ... Go now ! I invented you ? Yes , Father of Chips Do you have deadly rays and fire fists ? No Can you crack the earth ? No Useless ! Why did I make this robot ? Yoiji , forgive mom ... That robot is useless Kiddo ! You 're destroying your bro Why don 't you shut up ! Yoiji , forgive mom ... I shouldn 't bring him to this world Don 't blame yourself . Mom ... you 're sexy , who could resist you ? No ! I wasn 't loyal enough to science We shouldn 't have combined our DNA Let me give Yoiji my life ! No ! You can 't ! I 'll go with you ... Mom ! Don 't , put it down ! You 're so unscientific The more you pull , the weaker you are Bro , you pull on this side Sis , you pull on this side Pull when I count to 3 1 , 2 , 3 ! You kiddo ! I 've to teach you ! You wanna die , hit , cry and scream Let me die in peace ! Why die ? Honey , I don 't understand If I don 't , bro won 't be Father of Chips Don 't cry Why must he be Father of Chips ? Honey , I don 't know If he 's not , there won 't be robots Don 't cry Why must there be robots ? They kill They killed because of my death Don 't cry Why do you have to die ... I don 't understand Don 't ask . You think I know why ? You 're after me knowing I 'm your bro 's girl ? I thought I could handle the robot ... If I kill you , there won 't be robots You 'll be dead on Aug 15 Why don 't you lie to me longer ? You said you hate others lie to you If you hate me , you can love my bro Love your bro ? Okay I 'll make love to your bro now ! Come here Take off your clothes Take off your clothes ... Take off your clothes ... How can you spend your life with her ? Take it off , good boy ... He 's still young ! How can it be ? Heavens ! The kid is innocent How can it be ? It 's true , he 's still young ... You shouldn 't take it out on him Then take it out on you I want to too But from the ethics we can 't I 'll never come back to see how history handles this You can go Give me back the bracelet I 'll learn to take care of myself You can find someone better I know . I thought I 'll marry in September Sorry , I 'm dying so young Don 't waste time , date others You 'll have a bright future I 'm going . I 'll be at your funeral Come in Morning , Sir This time you 've to treat us dinner Why ? With your rate of solving you 're now Outstanding Youth Interpol CIA and FBI all want you They 're celebrating with you at the White House Remember to mention my name there ! Thank you , Sir Come on eat . You can eat the fish Eat , Yoiji It 's the same to eat smiling or crying Just eat all you want tonight Mom , time 's up Tell me , what else do I have to do ? I wanted to ... see you get married But now ... Mom , find a girl for me And finish the ceremony with a cock No time to lose Later , you can 't buy live chickens What about you ? Nothing Nothing ? Nothing tomorrow Say it I think ... nothing You want this ? Pa Bro , what else do you want ? Can I hug you ? Hey , Yoiji ... Yoiji ! They 're here ... Yoiji Ho , your girl 's with me Mei Ling ? ! Honey ! It 's me ! Help ... It 's Mayumi Tomorrow 11 a.m. , bring the bracelet Where ? Happy Valley cemetery I got it ! Pa , I have a greater wish ... Rebuild me ! I want to be a Superhero for 1 day ! HK is so beautiful ! It 's finished ! It 's finished ! It 's finished , son , quick Every top hero has his individual weapon Spiderman has spider webs Bruce Lee has his 2-jointed bar Harry Potter has his magic broom Yoiji has the creation of a lifetime Bang bang bang ! A robot arm ! It really is bang bang bang ! This bang bang bang can read my mind He can tell I want to pick up the cow This bang bang bang ... Can control thought Whatever you pick up , it 's easy So smooth like it 's mine Why not use your own hands ? Bro , put it this way One loses because of looks With bang bang bang 's looks ... One can stun the bastards Pa , Mom , Bro , I 'm leaving Bro , try your best ! You can do it ! Mei Ling ? I don 't care what will happen I just know I can 't let you die If you step out of this door I 'll break your leg Mayumi was taken by Officer Cheng Though we 're over I can 't let her die like this I 've decided to be a hero to fight Officer Cheng ! Shut up . I won 't let you die I was going to say it cooly to you It 's obvious . Even if I lie to my body I can 't lie to my brain 30 years , my motto has been ... To be a coward Today , it 's my brightest day I have to be a hero Just let me go You have a date ? Then go with me for the fight Go Wait ! Did you want to squeeze marbles ? Yes I 've looked for so long . For you Squeeze them How does it feel ? Squeeze ... Pa , I 'm really touched You found marbles for me to squeeze Don 't mention it ... Mei Ling , just stay here I 'll go over alone Why would you need artificial limbs ? This is top technology You won 't understand it ! What are you doing ? This is swearing in future language You 're so ignorant Nonsense ! Where 's the bracelet ? Didn 't bring it ! I can 't bring money and woman I just wanna hear the truth What kind of a person am I ? You 're really quite nice Am I cool with moustache or not ? Forget it Why accuse me for what I didn 't do ? Because you 're stupid You 're not afraid I 'll kill you for Sundae ? You ? I don 't think so That 's true You ran the casino and launder money together ... without me , I 'm unhappy We didn 't run any casinos It 's their own business Then you launder money Not enough for 3 . You should kill them That 's true You should become rich You was me - Wai Man Chan to kill them But how could you fit in the clothes ? They were a different set , idiot Okay , let me ask again Why you like MacGayfa and to get the bracelet ? Everything has a reason Are you a pair ? Did you have sex ? You must have ! You bastard ! He 's so fat . You might stroke Year before last in Hawaii ... I was engaged to him already Officer Cheng , you 're on TV Where ? No need to look . Camera 's there She 's not Mei Ling Chan She 's Mei Ling Chan series 1872333 Our conversation just now has been transmitted to all TVs in HK by her and Times Square and all 3G phones Look Damn ! Run away ? After all I 'm a Superintendent What Internal Affairs is doing I should be notified Sorry , Sir Look separately ! We must find Cheng Rose Garden ... There really is Rose Garden Don 't go after him . Come with me I promised robot . She helps me I 'll die as she said - under the rose Come with me ! Go How can you hit me and tell me to go ? Mei Ling , let me go ... Why hit my leg ? It 's very painful Yoiji , did you do as you promised ? I didn 't promise you ! Yoiji Ho , let 's go Take care , Mei Ling Yoiji Ho ! You idiot . The world is ruined ! So exaggerated ? You ruin me , I can 't emigrate There 's no future for this world ! Not so exaggerated ? We 're so strong so we think strong Nothing is impossible ! Don 't move ! Put down your weapons ! I 'll shoot if you resist That woman has a gun ! Mei Ling ... Cover ! Mei Ling ! Mei Ling ... Bastard ! No ... How are you , Mei Ling ? You bastard ! My leg ! No ! I didn 't do it on purpose Why did I take the bullets for him ? You 're now Yoiji 's brother Crazy ! I 'm so handsome ... Sorry , US Robot 18503 Mission failed US history has been changed Edison invented light bulb 3 days earlier Edison invented light bulb 3 days earlier What 's that got to do with me ? This is the effect of history 1879 Edison invented light bulb 3 days earlier ... so people bought bulbs 3 days earlier match girl can 't sell her matches So match girl has time to write a love song to her pen pal This pen pal 's great grandson found it was so touched he devoted his life to music ... Yoiji 's father was so engrossed in dancing He missed meeting Yoiji 's mom by 5 min ... This 5 min made Willmark Cheng 's father to meet her , fell in love Why are you suddenly so fat ? All because of Cheng ! Cheng ? It 's been born . It 's a boy ! Oh ! Give the baby back to me ! Forget it ! Let 's make a brother for baby That 's good History has changed You died for saving your brother and become a hero Are you alright ? He doesn 't have to die ? Yoiji worked hard because of his wife 's death Now , he is Father of Chips Father of Chips , mission accomplished I 'm leaving too It 's great I said so ... Without my permission , you can 't die I did it Work hard At what ? At everything To make me more beautiful And also this Sure As pretty as angels It 's very warm I finally have a family Don 't worry I 'm Mei Ling Chan 's family forever I 'll never forget Mei Ling 's words Soon after , I returned to school Who will answer this question ? I will ... Yoiji Ho , you answer You 'll know if you 've paid attention I didn 't bring calculator so I can 't answer Who will answer ? I will ... Yoiji , you answer Answer is C Wrong Who will answer this one ? I will ... I will ... Yoiji Ho , you answer The answer is C Wrong D Still wrong B Right I 'm just studying . Why me ? I 'm here to study , not in your way You study at school and play soccer at the club ! Grandpa , aren 't you ashamed ? Trying to be Newton ? Go away Good ! Angry , you thought I 'm afraid of you ? I like to run , so what ? Mei Ling ? I 'm not Mei Ling Chan I 'm Mei Ling Chan Series No.1 The future you want me to come here for a mission What mission ? Go back to Aug 14 to save Mei Ling Chan That 's too great ! Where 's the time machine ? Grab on tight Okay
