 - = THE LAST FANTASY = - Someone fell sick and is being taken to hospital from the plant . Male , around twenty . Temperature above 40 . Unconscious . No trauma or bleeding . He 's in great pain . Patient needs immediate medical care . Come in , please ! Kansen The patient in Ward 5 fell down . He seems can hardly breathe . Shut up . I can see . Why he fell ? Who 's in charge ? He stood up by himself . You shouldn 't . It 's not the time you could walk by yourself yet . I called for help . Many times . Nobody cared me . No , no . It 'll surely be remitted next week . Look , I 'm not so well-to-do myself . Don 't be absurd ! I always take you take you as the most important person in my life . More than you ... Dr. Uozumi . Here you are . The patient with high fever is still waiting . Look . Still waiting ? I 've been waiting and waiting . As I told you . Stay in the line . Still waiting ? I feel dizzy . Please answer me ! 20 years old male . Weak heartbeat . Arising temperature . Danger ! Please answer me ! Thank you . What the hell ? The damn hospital . The salary is 3 days late . I just called them . I beg you . Please . The patient is waiting . Is it Nanae ? What 's the matter with him ? You 're in charge of Ward 5 . Outpatient and inpatient , which one to choose ? You have to take care of both . I see . Take him in right now . So , our salary is going in , too , right ? Sorry . Please answer me ! 20 years old male . Arising temperature . Help ! Hospital , come in please ! The air conditioning doesn 't work . Generator problem . Unstable voltage . Dr. Akiba . Come here . We 're short of syringes , needles and bandages . And the drugs ... Will them hold on for a while ? There were 9 nurses quit in 2 weeks . The hospital is doomed and everybody finds their ways of living . Just hold on for a while . Will that be of any use ? No salary for the nurses . Inpatients were out of care . They gathered together and it 'll likely induce infections within the hospital at any time . It 's time to speak the truth . Doctor , emergency ! If you want to keep the hospital , please discharge some patients . Which ? Which patients to discharge ? Lf ... I know . I don 't want it like this , either . Please . Where 's the pain ? The chest . Can 't stand it ? Can 't be cured ? Advanced stage . Surgery won 't do . Don 't lose your heart . Since it can 't be cured , could you give me more sleeping pills ? No way . If I give you more , it will be overdosed . Doesn 't matter . Just give me . Whatever it is , please give me as long as it would make me feel better . No . Just take it . Together with me . When did the dizziness start ? I didn 't take it series at first . So I can 't remember when . When I found it . What ? Tell me ! When I found it , I fell down . Fell down ? Bumped your head ? Why nobody found it ? How long have you been here ? So many patients ... All right . Send for Dr. Akiba now . Sorry . I 'm in the duty room . Available at any time . Use this when you need me . Hey , stop it . It 's not done yet . Sending a newbie like you , it 's my fault . Let me do it . Shut up . You know what you are doing ? The patients are not something for your practice . You were going to far for the patients . If you want practice , use your own body . Come here . Come on . Everybody come here . Come on . Please come in ! The patient 's condition has worsened . Please come in now . How 's it ? Is it brain trauma ? He walked here by himself from the national highway . Cerebral bleeding . Extradural edema . Leave it to you . I 'll go to check the outpatients . Come here , everyone . Grandpa made the dinner . Come on . Don 't hide there , grandma . Let 's eat . Please . Let me see your hand . Send her to Dr. Nakayu in the neurology division . What are you doing ? Suturing . I can do it , too . Simple suture . Simple ? Suture is the operation of an outstanding surgeon . I 'm a surgeon , too . I won 't allow you to suture . Bad stitches like this will put the surgeon division to an end . Let me try . I can do it . You want it so bad ? You , only know suturing , suturing , suturing . You can 't treat people like this . Call me 3 hours later . I 'm in Ward 5 . I can do it . Sutrue for me , it 's ... " Temporarily closed " Hospital can take in patient , please come in ! Skin ulcers appear . Emergency ! 20 years old male . Sustained high fever . Weak heartbeat . In danger ! Please come in now ! 20 years old male . The ulcers spread all over ... Yes . This is Seiichi . " Please take in the emergency patient now . " We can 't take any patient in right now . Do you understand ? I 'm hanging . " If you don 't do anything , he will ... " We can 't do anything even if you send him here . Is there glasses there ? So . What 's it ? I know . Look . Everyone 's here . Sorry . I have to make dinner at once . That 's not big news . It 'll be like this when the brain atrophies . Is the dinner ready ? Please make yourself at home . She saw her parents and brothers who died long ago . Why they showed in the mirror every time ? That 's an enigma . We can know what she 's thinking about with a mirror . Red . Why it looks always red ? Did you think about it ? It looks like this in the sun light . And it looks the same in the bulb light . Isn 't it weird ? That means it all about the brain . What the eyes see ... are mostly generated by the brain . When there 're some changes in brain circuits , people in the memory will appear . It doesn 't matter if she just looks into the mirror . But don 't let her hold the mirror . It would stimulate her nerves . I understand . She 's also got cigarettes . They might come from other patients . I 'll come at 7 tomorrow . Are you on the night shift today ? Take care . Today is ... I can do it , too . Just suture . I 'm a surgeon , too . Let me show you . No nurses and doctors . Everything 's running out . The reconstruction of the hospital is just halfway done . What 's the administration going to do ? Uozumi , don 't let it out . Since yesterday , we lost the contact with the director of the hospital . No news for his family , either . Patients can 't be discharged . Some patients cannot be transferred . We have to take them through . I got it . Let 's contact the hospital . But ... I will quit after tomorrow . Why ? Why we 're not allowed to use the apparatus ? I 'm not so good at injecting , so I want ... We 're short of syringes . Don 't be absurd again . Mono , patient in Ward 3 , emergency ! Ward 3 . What are you doing ? Don 't come in . This patient has been left uncared for more than 1 hour . No nurses whatsoever . It will be dangerous if we don 't do something now . That 's an even more tough call . It 's the limit already . We can 't do it ! Can you just look him till he die ? If he dies and you do nothing . Where is he ? Where is the patient ? Here . How would this happen ? Felt from the bed . Call Dr. Akiba and Dr. Uozumi . OK . Go back to your own ward . If we send the patient away from here ... and he dies on the way , I will report the condition of your hospital . I got it . I understand . Send him to the emergency room . Just did what we can do . Don 't expect more . Nothing can do . Dr. Akiba . Patient in Ward 3 shocked . Ward 3 . We can 't do it whatsoever . Send him somewhere else ! Stop it ! What is it ? Fell down , from the bed . Fell down ? By yourself ? I don 't know . It 's an unconscious coma . Check BP and HB . What is it ? Hey , what is it ? BP 60 . Put CPR on right now . What is it ? Fell down from the bed ? From the bed ? It 's impossible . Oh , my god . No heartbeat now . Preparing the infusion . All right . No . Get atropine and calcium chloride . Take her away ! Here you are . Atropine . Let 's get out of here . Set to 200 . Doctor , let me do it . It 's set to 200 now . Clear . OK . No . Rise to 250 ! OK . No response . Hurry . Get potassium ... Make her stop ! It 's set to 250 now . Rise to 300 ! Use potassium chloride . OK . That won 't work . If it doesn 't , we just open the chest . In there ? It 's set to 300 now . Come on . Wait . Please . Got it ! What did you put in ? Why this color ? What did you just put in ? The Doctor told us to ... use potassium chloride potassium chloride ? It should be calcium chloride ! But ... Doc , you said ... Incise it ! Get ready for surgery ! Not here Uozumi , got any different solution ? No , it should be calcium chloride Hurry ! It 's too late Cut the bullshit ! Stop Stop , it 's incurable ! It 's incurable I But I think it was potassium chloride It 's okay Anyway , it 's happened Is that my fault ? It was me who ... Shut up , everything is too late I killed him Dr. Akiba did say potassium chloride Shut up It 's okay , don 't worry about it I heard it clearly What Dr. Akiba said is not potassium chloride it 's ... Shut up You want to shirk responsibility ? Anyway , I have to write the report How ? What report ? Wait Nobody wants the patient to die It 's a medical malpractice ! That 's true I can not recall anything How can I direct like that ? But Obviously I must take the responsibility Wait . The lack of heartbeat means he 's dead in the first place Yes , but The direct cause is wrong medicine ! Had we found it a little late he would die as well Naturally , he is likely to die Hold on , Dr. Uozumi You are going to tamper with the medical certificate What the heck do you want ? We have been working to save this patient for 3 months Nobody expects such accident Only once It 's just some minor error like mixing sterilization solution into intravenous drip solution Tiny mistake on battlefield of saving lives You 're his physician-in-charge The patient 's life is in your hand So let me finish what I 'm saying 2 / 3 of his skin was burnt severely Even if we revive him , the cells can 't restore quickly And it 's hard to say if we can revive him ! Ok , doc It 's my fault I 'll take the responsibility ! I If I had considered carefully I should know Let 's handle the aftermath If Dr. Akiba not in this hospital It should like this Considering the situation in this hospital now If medical malpractice is reported What will the patients think ? But we can not give false report All of us will be fired What if the outsiders know it ? If some journalists get to know this case we 'll be fucked Mono Since this patient came here he didn 't get any visitor family , friends Nobody Nobody knows this patient ? If we take out the organs and get rid of those cells there will be no potassium chloride left Only the intravenous dripped Calcium Chloride remains In other words , it can 't be perceived If the blood be tested Let 's prepare a unified statement just say it 's natural death , nobody will doubt This corpse won 't be received by his family he will be sent to mortuary and is likely to be dissected It takes 3 days for cells to be completely decomposed It 's too long We have to report the death in 2 days heat it up Heat accelerates the decomposing And the patient 's skin was burnt severely It 's even faster and normal here ? Both Room 1 and Room 5 are empty Room 5 is administered by Dr. Kishida Kishida , in Room 5 ? This is Room 3 Room 5 and Room 4 are on the opposite side of the corridor OK , to Room 1 We still have time Destroy the cardiogram records It 's okay Don 't worry about this patient The smell will be the kiss of death It 's okay I 'll stay behind Doc I 'm sorry I just misconceived Never mind I teacher 's ... will forever ... It 's okay When the muscles degrade twitching is common How long have you been graduated ? 3 months So foolish How old are you ? 23 years What ? Have you ever been faculty member at your own university ? No I 'll do my best That 's useless if you have no talent of nurse But you are allowed to be a nurse here Do you understand ? You can barely be a nurse Only in this hospital I 'm sure I can What 's that ? Patient at the door of emergency room door of emergency room ? Oh no ... Where ? Just here a moment ago Dr. Akiba Dr. Akiba I 'm here Sir ... Dr. Anseki Dr. Akiba What about this patient ? Forsaken there Sorry , there was an emergency treatment when I took over Sir Didn 't you go home ? I fell asleep in the bed in sickroom in sickroom ? Which one ? Which sickroom did you sleep in ? What ? If only you were woken up Room 4 Yes , the same room where the brain injury patient stays He was asleep when being observed And he woke just now What 's wrong ? No Akiba I 'm sure you haven 't looked at this patient You must take a look OK I never seen What 's this ? Well , How to say ? Even the innards are rotting He is looking at me and smiling He did the same thing to me We must report to the bureau of public health Wait , Akiba Think about it It 's the first time we see this Do some research , and we will be the foremost discoverers But , what if it is infective ? We 'd better report to the bureau of public health Look , Akiba If we call them ... Shiozaki , get Dr. Uozumi here Yes sir Patient in Room 3 , fell from the bed Someone completely paralysed fell from the bed What do you think ? It 's his fear of you ! He fears you So he tried to escape No How many times you injected him ? How much injury he suffered ? No Isn 't this what you weared in front of Room 3 ? Yes ! It was you who murdered that patient ! What the hell ? He is laughing at me Tell me what to do Research him Research ? Internal organs decomposing , it 's never documented in any medicine book ! I 'm sure you don 't want to stay in this hospital forever Nor do I If we find the pathogen and publish it we are the discoverers of the new virus The virus will be named after us Every hospital will invite us we can use research funds at will Let 's do this This is our secret research ! Uozumi I won 't join you I don 't know about the infectivity It 's too horrible I won 't , either But you have no choice Why It 's not the order of director He was in Room 4 He was in Room 4 at that moment I don 't know if he heard it He said he was asleep The one in Room 1 , 3 hours remain Let 's work against time Everything should be ok after we done Have you finished the discussion ? Let 's prepare for it First , collect the cell sample to observe Shiozaki Connect the cardiogram cable Pay attention to the patient Where ? Not here Where ? Doc Sleep well , keep quiet He 's still there What 's up ? This patient often goes to Room 1 I bring her here to make he quiet I have some important job You , take a look at Room 1 Got it Are you still here ? Still here Shiozaki Hey , Shiozaki Where is he ? Vanished ! How could that be ! The tissues vaporized ! Maybe gone The muscle tissues vanished ! That body ... We have to consider every possibility Even if we collect all the tissues it can 't reach the patient 's original volume Yes , it 's too little ! Gone ? We must find him ! Hurry ! What did you see ? No , nothing Bad things come one after another ! Anseki , have we really seen ? Is that really hide in somewhere in the hospital ? Actually , it 's incredible ... It 's incredible Without muscles even if I neglect elementary knowledge of medicine science I can 't believe it 's gone ! It 's not I mean the thing before that Have we really seen ? Are you sure ? That What do you mean ? We were in confusion Maybe we saw something else Did we confuse some part of the scenery with human face ... We did saw it ! We saw it ! Where are the muscle tissues ? He is a human being His body resolved , or the muscles degraded ... The man melted with a smile We did saw that Excuse me I am go to work everyone leaves ! I even not start we should save our resource ... it 's really waste of resource it 's for the zymosis what you doing shiozaki you think it can still work ? We have more injectors happy ? Shiozaki what ? shiozaki what you doing ? hurry look same it 's really see , it 's really we here finally it 's infection by spit infection ? what we do ? upstairs put it in room one on kishida was in room 5 where we put it ? the most save place ... yes don 't touch it how is she ? don 't touch he was in high fever ... suffer still alone ? It 's ok but this kind of virus can infect other people we should do something before it infect others shiozaki all his entrails gone what the hell ? what happen doctor tell me no time to explain infection ? Doctor anseki what what happened ? call the health department it 's plague don 't say it what you think ? ridiculous it 's just the host nothing serious what happen to the host ? body gone we have to report nobody should do this some one already been infected I will do this form room one I I will go shiozaki what you doing what ? I can find the blood vessel I can what u doing everywhere I can find the blood vessel stop am I stupid ? stupid of doing anything ? but it 's not my fault I used to have asthmatic 2 years therapy the nurse was cute I wanna be these kind of people I can 't ? I wanna be a nurse but just because I am silly I can 't be a nurse no don 't mean this because you have no gift that burned patient If I do many time to bind up him how many times how many times how many times it 's my fault please give me the injector if we harm somebody it can 't be forget just do your job use our body sorry sorry time to practice no it 's the nurse see ? same kind of disease same ? Doctor anseki we have no other choice it 's separate by spit can 't be sure room 5 have everything ok it 's maybe more serious we don 't know how I know if you get this ! You be dead you are so stupid you can never be a doctor it 's human solvent not some kind of virus it 's bullshit it like some kind of cell few hours after you die the cell can still reproduce Doctor anseki what theory you depend on why you can sure this was some kind of virus it must been I find this kind of disease same symptom you decide the dead lin 1 hour after 1 hour , we still can do nothing we report this hospital will be sealed no one can get out we can only wait to die we leave now escape ? say what ever you want uozumi san you may leave , but left we stay here to die we make this decision everyone should take care of themselves you can go anytime uozumi you are free 1 hour 1 hour I will leave after I let you kone ok - I don 't wanna stay in this hospital - why ? now I now it 's you because you was in this hospital at last you know uozumi I already know but it is not my fault makes you don 't like here because you don 't have something as a doctor as a human can 't get healed in mental you don 't like your patients it off time sorry you don 't catch the time sorry about my son I don 't find him which room ? room 3 he was serious hurt but he wasn 't here where is my son ? you son just leave ... alone I wanna see him soon he was in surgery today you can 't see him really I will come tomorrow sir sir sir it 's hurt I hurt are you ok ? I am hungry you wanna some ? some one send this to you no don 't want give me some medicine no please forgive me you will die someday you will know a life decide at last you feel happy when you saw others sorrow what you talking about I don 't have any other place to go escape no I wanna live for more days you be nice to your patients what you talking about - be nice to your patients - leave me - be nice to your patients - release me - be nice to your patients - let me go forgive me for doing this when your wife and daughter find me say it 's really tired so ... you will die wanna talk to me no since ... it 's for your good I feel so pain it may be some way I always trust you please forgive me it 's not what I want some one else tell me uozumi what what you talking about ? sorry please forgive me why why don 't you give him some medicine ? my family let you doing this sorry release me doctor 's mission was give lives and extrication other 's pain release ? claim down what you doing stop are you ok what happens ? these guys in my heart these guys in my heart bite me my heart broken my ... help me help me my heart hurts anseki anseki what the hell ? leave here it 's my fault I am guilty please it 's for you keep on moving stop you can come with us come on come on sorry come in leave here everyone will die don 't be worry we will not die why you still so health what you have done what happen to you tell me ? what happen to the illness this this virus was send by you ? you have the blood serum use hospital as your experiment place I didn 't do it akiba you know how it goes ? What you mean ? forget ? when you in room 3 I was nearby near by Mr. Akiba I didn 't go to sleep I 'm awake What 's the matter ? How does it related to the infection ? We deserve to be punished Right ? That 's an accident , not something to be ashamed of Yes , an accident There is nothing we can do People die every minute It 's what happened afterwards afterwards , Mr. Akiba to cover the crime you committed The virus is not transmitted by air but by will Will ? In dreams Your will get infected without even knowing about it Shit ! It 's you who have been performing the experiment on human body You are waiting for the chance You are waiting for us to make mistakes so that you can use it against us You are insane Even if we were wrong you don 't have the right to blame us ! Mr. Akiba Dr. Nakayu Dr. Nakayu , it 's dangerous here Go ! The virus has spreaded out Go ! Now ! Who are you talking to ? Who ? Sir Who are you talking to ? Dr. Anseki Anseki ? Look carefully No one is here Sir No one ... The virus is spreading out The blood and body fluid flowing out are green Wait , hey ! I 'm infected ! Nobody get closer ! Trust me ! There is a patient with a rare disease He turned green and evaporated Everyone is infected They all become green and dead ... It 's the central hospital Murder , help ! Be quick Be quick Akai How How How did this happen ? Dr. Akai Why are you still here ? Are you there ? Who are you talking to ? No chance to live ... The virus infects your will by dreams Akiba , you are infected No heartbeat Raise to 300 Got you Again No pulse Use Calcium Chloride Yepp , use Calcium Chloride No , should be Potassium Chloride Yes , Potassium Chloride Wrong ! Stop Mr. Kishiba Sir , it 's 7 o 'clock Get up Sir Sir Something is wrong ... 2 Doctors and 4 nurses were murdered Dr. Akiba disappeared and the police is now looking for the suspects It 's the report from the first-aider who knows Akiba before the incident It 's completely inhumane He didn 't even take a look at the patient who needed urgent help This is not what you should do as a doctor What did you do at that time ? At last , I didn 't sent the patient to that hospital How lucky ! You are responsible for that patient , right ? I don 't know Here is your signature We didn 't fully understand the symptons of the patient so we cannot treat him What sympton ? Can you just look ? I 'm sorry Dr. Nakayu How can you still be here ? Still be here ? Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! He ... Ip !
