 This movie is based on a poem A world where the frozen city floats like an iceberg The little match girl Was this girl resurrected in this world Snow flakes like stones fall on the city Buy a lighter . A lighter , sir . They work very fine Buy a lighter . A lighter , sir . They work very fine People don 't pay attention to her Buy a lighter . A lighter , sir . They work very fine The doors close loudly on her Little girl . Don 't sell this stuff Sell some food instead Sir , I 'm so cold Please , buy me one Sir , buy me one Stop bothering me , bitch Freezing , the little match girl thinks she 'll just warm her hands You girl . My poor girl I 'll buy you 2 lighters . Will you give yourself to me in exchange ? Little girl , could you move from my parking space ? My lips are frozen I can 't speak Buy ligher ... ligher ... Miser I can 't wak ' nymore I 'm hunry Then breathe the ligther 's gas . It 's fine Butane Hungry , the match girl breathes the gas lying on the snow Well fed , mumy dady ... Spring time . Already spring ... The world seems beautiful to me ... The little match girl keeps her nice smile As white footprints Like flowers flakes Are dispatched on the floor Used up lighters , red , blue , damaged ... Resurrection of The Little Match Girl You guys , You know PAM ? Huh ? - Oh PAM , the group like the Gamers guild ? - Yeah , that 's it In fact I 'm one of them . I 'm a member In my group we have like really cute players . Nice males , you know - Prettier than me ? - Yeah , of course ! - So ... - Oh , then they must be fucking cute So we meet once a month . Usually everybody comes . Last time we met . I was there with the others guys . A guy asked me on the mic if I 'd come back next time Then I hear some guys talking in my back inspite the mic - The guys are talking ? - In the back ... - I hear their words - Hum ... The guy with the mic keeps saying : Come ! Come ! In my back , he says " If that bitch comes next time , I 'll see If she 's as cute as through a webcam " - Really , that asshole ! - Wait , there 's more - What ? - He says : " If it 's not fucking true , I 'll tell that bitch off " Ah that shitty bastard ! And me , I heard every word Embarrassed , I faked I didn 't hear that - You see this ring ... - Yes , it 's beautiful - And the necklace - Yes , it 's so cute Not bad , heh ? - I bought them with the last game 's price - Is it true ? Yeah , not bad , is it ! Then , you must win a lot of money ? Ah , money ? In fact my gains are just pocket money , but it 's worth it You 're so cool ! Let me serve your glass By the way , I forgot ... No , no . It 's better you tell them . Stop eating , bastard ! Last time , last time he won , he invited me at the chinese I work for , my boss was really happy No that 's not what I 'm talking about , are you nuts or what ! Tell them what I 'm doing next week - Ah-ha ... Ah , next week ... - Stop eating ! So next week ... He 'll play the STAC grand final - Next time ... - STAC , really ? StarCraft ? Oh , how do you put it , you wasted the effect ! Next week ... I will play the STAC grand final .. - Oh is it true ? - If I win , money will be nothing compared to fame ! You know , pro-gamers have some famousness Everything will change . No doubt people will ask for autographs on the street I 'll be on TV , shit I 'll be the invincible . It 's gonna be crazy - You are so deadly ! - Even if I said it like this , it 's no joke . It 's fucking serious stuff Who am I ? I 'm a pro-gamer , pro-gamer - Sir , bring me some matches ... - That bastard , he doesn 't give a shit ! - Asshole , you don 't have a lighter ? - Here , take mine Right now we 're talking about games , can 't you concentrate ? You eat and smoke like an asshole ! - I think he 's moody - Leave it , forget about him - Oh , stop eating ! Leave it . Come on , let 's drink . He pisses me off . You ! You don 't toast - That 's bullshit - Here , put it in your bag You refrained smoking all this long Wouah , I did fucking good , it 's the first time - Smell 's good ? - Piss off , it stinks ! - Those guys aren 't bad ? - Yeah , the yellow hair is so cool - He 's the best of all the guys I know . - You 're right , it 's true But the other one , bloody hell , he 's too much ! I watched him eat the whole night He never stopped eating without drinking that bastard ! - He only came to eat or what ? - He pisses me off ... that bastard But the yellow hair , he 's so good . I can 't believe they 're friends - The yellow hair , I 'll date him , really ! - Wait , I 'm first - What , What are you saying ? - I said I 'll go out with him first - Hey , You want the yellow hair ? You 'll take him ? - Yes You 're crazy ! Last time , it was already the same . It 's pissing me off That 's the past , in fact the other one 's not bad , seduce him You say the other one 's not bad , then you take him ! Are you nuts , why should I take him ? - You 're making a fucking scene ! Aah , are you free ? Are you busy ? Do I go without asking ? Miss ! I ... I give you a lift ? Tempted ? I give you a lift ... - Miss ... - Sorry I 'm late , hurry in He 's crazy ... Do you know him ? - No , I don 't known him - Really ? You don 't know him ? That 's true ! He comes every day to the game center where I 'm working Here 's the delivery . Where do I put the dishes ? We didn 't order anything . - You didn 't order ? - No Strange ! Palbochae , Lajogi , Tangsooyuk ... 2 bottles of saké ... - This is Entertainment . - Who let him in ? You heard him ? We don 't order dishes . Get out of here ! Someone ordered from here . Get out quickly ! - Ah ... - Haven 't you heard ? - It makes me crazy - I told you to go ! The order isn 't a matter , but why are shouting ? Get out , did you hear or not ? Haven 't you heard ? Bitch , look at how she talks ! Bitch ? Hey you , you didn 't eat chinese noodles ? Now you 're joking , aren 't you ? You want to be shot by noodles ? - Hey ... - Sir , don 't kill me ... don 't kill me Yes , I remember your voice It 's actually you who ordered an extra soup What for are you standing there ? What ? I 'm at the client 's He hasn 't ordered - It seems this player has the best attack speed in Korea - Yes , it 's true But for the other one who 's ID is GG , it 's his first time for the grand final But he is a well known online gamer . He 's doing well here In my opinion , seeing the enemy size , he could loose From now on , the resources are almost consumed - Kim is under siege unfortunatly - Ah yes , is it the last assault ? It 's the last attack for victory ! Yes , all resources are used up , The last moments ... The winner is GG ! - Congratulations - Thanks Those who just arrived , please place yourself quickly I 'm taking the pictures Joo , come . Come here - Hurry up , quick - Not here , get in the back 1 ... 2 ... Here we go 1 ... 2 ... You have a minute ? Wait a minute System ? Level : 50 Connection : Seoul Age : 19 , Popularity : 3 Lee : Joo 's best friend . But emloyed by System to assassinate Joo Chinese restaurant Man-Li That ... that worthless idiot , why is he stuck in front of the mirror Damn , he 's preparing to go out When you 're free , try to learn cooking , cooking ... It 's been already a year , but you can 't even do a Tangsooyuk That 's the first time I have someone like you I 'm want to become a pro-gamer What ? What 's a pro-gimer , pro-gimer ? You shitty bastard , what are you doing to me ? - See you tomorrow , sir - Wait to see if you take the bike That motorbike is for delivery , not for your personnal use - Be careful ! - A glass of water - Sure This country isn 't geting any better because of kids like him Buy a lighter Buy a lighter Buy a lighter - Hee-Mi ? - Buy a lighter Buy a lighter Buy a lighter End No.1 : ' The girl prostitutes Hint : Pay attention and be careful Restart ? ( yes / no ) It 's working fucking good You always went out with loosers . This time , you chose well Don 't tell me about it , he sucks . Bloody hell , he 's disgusting The hell with that . He 's rich , it 's all that matters Stop talking and concentrate Ah fuck , who 's calling this late ! Pisses me off Hey , leave it Don 't answer Hello ... hello ? Who is it ? It 's me Who is it ? It 's me , Joo It 's you Joo Hey , dad 's drunk again ? - Did you eat ? - Yes , I ate Shall I prepare diner ? Grandma , I already ate . Good night What ? I said good night ! Welcome to the game : Resurrection of The Little Match Girl provided by System If you wish to connect , press 1 Like the poem " Little Match Girl " . The game 's goal is to let the girl die of cold You must let the girl die , once you have saved her against whoever willing to buy a lighter or kidnap and keep her But the game doesn 't end at this level Like the poem where the girl dies dreaming of her grand mother You must make her dream of you instead . Then you 'll win If you a sure you can win her love and you 'll be happy with her Then enter this fantastic world Of course there will be thousands of opponents But beware ... If you are careless and ignorant you could be stuck in the game and never make it back to real life Do you wish to continue ? Welcome ! Look straight at the camera In the meantime , you can have a look at the game 's details These are the caracters you will encounter in the game Save the girl from these people and make her dream of you as she dies Here 's your electronic card Your personal informations are on this card Of course it 's confidential It 's also your ID card and your credit card Depending on your skills , your level and credit will automatically increase All services are at your disposal including health care Buy a lighter A lighter ... Buy a lighter I 'm so cold Buy a lighter Ah , yes I will buy you all your lighters . Would you like to get in ? The old rich man . He 's an organ , wild animals and drugs dealer Wait ! Old man , get going ! Hey , you bastards know who you are dealing with ? Boss , I send him straight to his tomb ? The band of 5 men Connecting in group Hey , is it your car ? Does it consume a lot of gas ? Open the door ! Cute Worked as a hairdresser Hey , worthless morons ! Shovel Worked as a farmer That 's the first time I do Sashimi with a car Dog Nose Worked as a cook in a Japanese restaurant Oh my God The Boss Dreams of a powerful gang , but is worried by his stupid men You fools ! Where are my men ? SamBong Wanted to be action movies actor but gave up Where 's the girl ? I don 't know ! Hey , Odeng ! Give us some Odeng Give us Soondae too Soondae , soondae Look at this horrible hair cut ! Go color them He keeps his old fashioned hair cut for a long time Put a lot of porc with the soondae And for me , give me some Tockboki Oh , there 's dust on the Kimbap Oh here it comes Get off Assholes ! We don 't live to eat , piss and sleep Get out quick and find the girl , find her ... find her ! - Boss ! - What ? What is it ? - I have a good idea - Good idea ? Something that 'll make her fond of you - She 's not to be raped - No rape , of course ! When we are about to rape her , you show up and pan ! pan ! pan ! you kick our asses Then euah ! euah ! euah ! we are completely beaten up And then you save the girl with panache Sir , as I have no money ... Can you accept my card ? Odeng , the owner of Odeng . Moreover , he sells weapons . Rumour says he 's Choopung 's pupil There 's nothing Then , it 's not possible ? You can have soup Thank you Lara . Remember Lara Croft . But here , she 's lesbian . She 's powerful , but mentally unstable MM Hallow point , 4 magazines Miss ... Take me as your pupil I can do washing And I can do cooking Also , I can do chinese noodles My Tangsooyuk is an art . I 'll do everything you ask I can even do massages Hey , I don 't like boys . Especially ugly boys Take me with you ! Don 't leave ! Don 't leave ! Wait ! Wait ! Take me with you ! Are you ready to feel my warm heart ? Shall we begin our love night ? Sir ! Sir , buy a lighter ! Hey morons ! You 're not even worth a dog on heat ! What are you doing to this girl ... Who are you ? Who are you ? Hey , human beings like a crow trembling in the dark ! You 'll see ! Listen to me carefully , you worthless dogs on heat ! Stop hiding in the dark . From now on , be honest ! Girl ! Are you hurt ? Sir , buy a lighter Don 't thank me . Don 't ask my name He 's asking for you Buy a lighter ! A lighter Let 's go Kill her ! Go kill her ! It 's me . Big Sister Hey take your hands off - Where are they ? - There , at the nightclub At the nightclub ? Gansters always go to nightclubs Lara ! Go to 44 Boulevard , there 's an hospital Oh Sadness . Boss of the Sadness gang . As he loved the girl , he killed Ka Jun-O . She cursed him since then Where were you ? Hey ? In the toilets . I often have diarrhea I 'm sorry Find and kill them Yes Yes . Yes A call from System Beware the boy with Lara . It 's not a normal connection It could well be a virus . Get rid of him first If you go to the Hospital , 0 % chance to win Do you want to go ? Idiot ! Who are you ? Throw your ID card away . It 's a tracking system Tracking system ? Run ! $ 10 per minute for any information Today , it 's free True information given . Choopung Sir What about my ID card ? Sir Buy a lighter A lighter Buy a lighter Buy a lighter I can no .. not .. wa 'k .. I 'm hungr ... Then inhale the lighter 's gas ... Ka Jun-O . The girl 's first love . The musician who marked her memories It 's difficult then to gain the girl 's love What 's the matter little girl ? B ... buy ... lighter A lighter ... Alright I buy them all Don 't buy ! Go away ! I told you not to buy This moment won 't come back once it 's gone Don 't think Like an island Like the wind Like the wave Like the flower Jun-O Jun ... o Juno ... Ju ... Joo thinks she 's saying his name He has no ID card . The program 's in danger . Find and kill him Lee That 's the first and last time I let you go as a friend What happened ? Did you miss him or let him go ? Who is it ? It 's dangerous here . Go to Man-Li restaurant True information given . Choopung The expert who created the System After being betrayed by System , he 's hiding ... waiting for the moment Which moment ? The moment to take System back ... Chinese Restaurant Man-Li What are you doing in here ? Get out . You can get a lighter anywhere , who will buy it ? Just sell food as I do ! This afternoon , the Little Match Girl has murdered people on the street A L.M.G. ( Little Match Girl ) bug is out there Work even in your dream The Angels House . The world 's most pleasant orphanage God , make everyday the same as today Help me blame myself rather than accusing someone Help me see my sins rather than criticize other people Give me wisdom and courage to fight against evils Let my body be the embodiment of your power As I walked the sacred place , with great noises the 7 angels appeared " Go back to earth to knock over the 7 bowls of God 's wrath " Then one angel holding one of the bowls said ... Wonjang Manager of the " Angels House " Both president of the association keepers of virginity And vice-president of the organisation for the protection of teenagers In case of emergency come to the quay next to the market . Choopung Since I haven 't got my ID , I can 't eat or buy weapons anymore Because I ran , fuck , I 'm going crazy ! What should I do ? Should I die like this ? You know the price per minute for my information ... You told me to throw my ID away ! Hey kid , I saved your life . How dare you ... Go to Odeng , ask him for a mackerel Arrest the Little Match Girl , we have to reprogram her We see the girl machine-gunning people around tzeu tzeu tzeu It 's so cool , she fires without reserve - She 's cute ! - She 's really cute ! L.M.G. I love you ! Spread out ! Spread out ! Spread out ! Take him to the hospital quickly Don 't shoot ! Can you take another taxi ? my service is finished Starting the milometer ... I have many mouths to feed Taxi 78 ... 78 - Move your gun off me - Taxi 78 ... - We have a serious situation - Taxi 78 ... - What 's happening ? - Taxi 78 ... I warn you , taxi 78 ... Stop it ! Stop it ! Can 't you hear , stop now ! Bastards , they order me to stop . They 're still in short pants , and they command me ! Hey you bastards , how old are you ? Miss don 't you worry Who I am ? I 'm a real pilot . All the taxis know me . Here we go ... Catch me ! Look a this , they can 't even drive You 're prettier than on TV Are you the Match Girl ? You know , you 're famous among the taxis , we say you 're beautiful We may even create a fan club ... Miss , aren 't we getting on well together ? The two of us ? I have an idea ... What do you say , we work together ? She 's gone ! Up there ! A mackerel . Give me a mackerel ! Where do you come from ? Choopung sends me Sir , forgot about my Kimbap ? Give it now ! We must take her alive . Approach without firing until she runs out of ammunition . - Now she 's targeting her head - Wait ! Back off ! - Why can 't you just catch her ? - We can hardly approach her I think her machine gun is empty . But we can 't be sure about the gun She threatens to blow her head off if the soldiers come closer Let me go up and convince her I 'll check if she has a bullet left What ? In that case , she 'll shoot me She hates me O.K. Don 't follow me Here he comes , we 're moving towards her I don 't mind dying . I 'd rather die by your hands But I didn 't kill the singer What killed him ... Was the System Kill Oh Sadness ! Killer F.A. is arrested , and sent to System As both sides of this road are protected by the canal and swamp We can only get inside through this way To me , breaking in through the main door is best Once inside , your destiny relies on the yellow doors you pick We know neither the inside shape nor it 's material We have no precise information about the internal structure Choopung created it , but nobody knows the System , it 's perfect - You are Choopung ? - Yes True , I created it but there 's no limit between game and real life For real and fake are continuously blending Like the climate , it changes and recreates itself Sure the mackerel will help you But it 's not efficient inside The odds to get into System 's core ... 1 to over 100 000 With luck Ahh , it 's deadly ! You must communicate with F.A. by telepathy until you see her It 's the only force that will guide you inside the System A kind of spiritual language You must acquire a telepathy ability of higher level That 's why I chose you Steady your heart Until everything is still Fishing is the best way to reach this state Don 't use any bait Once your heart is serene everything reflects in your mind Catch the fish with your heart Even forget the girl So that nothing disturbs your heart Just watch the hook Master Choopung ... I did it ... with no bait Here 's the legendary Mackerel ... It 's pseudonym is mackerel . Mackerel ! 108 108 108 ... The weapon can fire 108 times . Of course it depends on the owner But save her ernergy , for the unexpected - Keep the words in mind - It 's only a toy True , it used to be a toy . It 's easier to hide The important thing ... The batteries Batteries Light ! Wind ! The power of light Of wind Energies that never dry up , like nature It 's a joke Its power is tied to its owner 's heart Which means ... Which means ... Its power is the reflection of its owner 's spirit In fact , the spirit and the material make one That 's why the mackerel has no trigger - There 's no trigger ? - Sure Choopung ! Nice to see you . They located our position The lighthouse is surrounded . Surrender peacefully - Take the gun and go ! - What about you ? I have something to do first Hurry ! Get out ! 5 seconds before explosion You want to erase and blow the System ? Odeng . What about master Choopung ? You show up at the right time Sis ! You look good . So you reconnected ? What ? Bastard If not for Odeng , I 'd be dead Forgive me Where are you running ? You left me dying ! Asshole ! Don 't you know who I am ? Lara , stop it now ! If not for Odeng you 'd be dead by now Odeng saved my life Hurry in Good bye - And you ? aren 't you coming ? - I 'll sell Odengs - Brother Odeng ! - What ? Call me Big brother . Big brother , is master dead ? Hurry up Get in quickly ! Good luck to you Big brother , good bye ! Access forbiden - Sis , how does it work ? - Shut up What are you doing ? I 'm driving now - Hey , are they all dead ? - You 're deadly ! Me ? Try it ! Try for yourself I never used such a thing Didn 't you practised on video games ? Go on . It 's the same - Can 't find this in game centers - Hey throw grenades first What 's that ? Ma .. ma ... mackerel ! Jump ! - Lara ! - Should have used it earlier ! Nerver mind . Go . Hurry up ! - Comment ? - Go ! I can reconnect If they come , it 's all over . Hurry Save the girl ! Good bye Lara Strange ! How come he never loses track ? It 's the girl ! She 's communicating . Increase the correction level Lee ! It 's me . Joo ! It 's me ! Hey - Are you mad ? - It 's only a game Think it 's only a game ? I 've let you go by friendship Are you my friend ? Fuck you Fuck I almost died Joo . You 'll never be up to my skills to kill me Sorry , but you must die Good bye my friend ! It 's me who 's sorry . You 'll be my hostage Walk in front of me if you don 't want me to kill you Stop Why are you running ? Think I 'll kill you ? Walk ! Walk ! I said walk , bastard ! Let him in So you made it here Congratulations ! You 're a great gamer You 're the first one to get here But it 's too late The reprogramming of L.M.G. is done . She won 't even recognize you Hee-Mi So , do you want to reconnect ? But remember . You can never come back here Thanks to you , we have found and killed Choopung You 've been of great help . I thank you . Do you have something to say , Bug ? Save the girl 's life She won 't die She 'll live as the Little Match Girl Take the Girl away ! Hee-Mi End N ° 2 The last obstacle Start again ? Fuck ! I almost made it Miss What was your rank ? N ° 1 3 dollars , please Good bye First choice Crap ending version Second choice Happy ending version Do you have something to say , Bug ? Can I give her the lighter back ? It 's no use now That 's kind of you . I allow it You sold me this lighter Take it back I love you Take the girl away Kill this man right away ! So he can never reconnect again Hee-Mi She doesn 't remember anything Is this her good or bad fortune ? How did we survive ? Maybe Odeng prepared a boat for us ? Then did we change for a bigger boat ? Or did we take a ship ? I think I saw a ship Maybe we 're not even on earth ? As we were given no name , there 's no name here What day is today ? But on our bank account , a lot of money from the System is wired Then perhaps we 're on earth after all Anyway , we 're happy Director JANG Sun-Woo Subtitles by Soojin Jae
