 What ? Like this ! I just warmed up , come , go on ten more minutes No Five minutes ? No Two minutes ? No You 're safe , don 't worry Go in , dear just nice After all who is the flying eagle ? This is my name card you are welcomed anytime Thanks nice what ? Hi , young lady , I have seen you I am sure i have seen you You are ? My name is A Ren The rich man My name is A Ren , richman Good ! However you can call my Chinese name Wem Ren I am Xiao Lu Welcome Xiao Lu Dismiss ! Xiao Lu , why you didn 't answer just now ? Are you an orphan ? How do you know I am an orphan ? Certainly , I have the detective brains I will look after you , you can count on me For what ? Because I have more expeirence Senior Good ! Senior ! Who robbed her candy stick ? Me ! What 's the matter with you ? All stand behind I come to show the law and discipline ! My ¡ ­ Let me No Need ! Go ! Why did you fight ? I am happy when i fight Idiot Idiot Sir , she beats me I was in too no ! Only her , I recognize she Only you ? Xiao Lu , I got it ! Put this bag on your head Nobody will recognize you next time Who are you ? I am your senior Senior ! I go first , see you See you Xioa Lu , cover up your face when you fight remember it I remember Here ¡ ­ I saw you here Inherited the patrimony of the hundred million from a powerful person Warmhearted public-spirited , established a few and charity fund The single young lady of Huang Lulu You got good memory Nice to see you crime section ? Yeah I go to take the post formally now It was poor of him forced to walk out Flying eagle woman ? She is good Her emergence attacks our police 's morale Destroyed police 's image Casting aside the police , as a man there goes my dignity So , I must get her Do you want to grasp her ? That 's right , running into me ¡ ­ Is her end of the day Can you really get her ? You say ? Sorry No problem Excuse me Welcome Wen Ren Here he comes Hi Hello , everybody Welcome Thanks Come , take a picture Wait Miss Huang Lulu I have the car , a very big one I will give you a ride I also have a car No problem can give me to your telephone ? My telephone is so beautiful , can 't give you No ¡ ­ i mean telephone number Give me the telephone ok Can we go ? Thanks , wait I have just arrived I want to invite you to a meal Good , but Until you remember who i am Boss ' ¡ ­ who is that Wen Ren ? Why are you packing the eavesdropping machine in his telephone ? Wait and see Tune it for me ok Boss ' ¡ ­ is it fun ? Yeah Fly over the Great Wall to save the panda Exciting ! I have never seen someone like you Are you immoral ? Yes , i am Help ! Hurry up My shoes ¡ ­ hello , antie antie Xiao Lu , let me see You lost weight When you are young You are chubby If they are still here I miss them too Your chacolate Thanks , antie Chocolate , come in Thank let me introduce He is the treasure of our city Mr He Cong Dr. He Cong Nice to meet you You keep going All right ? Doctor , what do you like ? Study Read the book study again read the book again and you ? I do everything except research and read books You can not despise my research Several days later , I will be announcing an invention of great significance Congratulations ! Tea please Boss , i can not stand ? I have tuned up for you Ok You are listening to Wen Ren radio station police station Wen Ren is speaking about his affairs on board In fact these affairses , I always run into Huang Lulu , there are a lot of people going after him i don 't care Our relation is special Let 's not talk about it See ! Her telephone number Really ? Wait and see Hello ? Hello ? I am Wen Ren I am looking for Huang Lulu Sorry , there isn 't any Huang Lulu here However ¡ ­ You don 't have to shout We were all to hear Good ! Very good Never mind , I like the challenge Superior ! That 's good We count on you Yes , sir I won 't let you down There is robbery in the city Colleague , action Action What ? I mean why not doing something Go to the movie ? Good ¡ ­ You wait me to change the clothes The flying eagle came ! Go Catch ! I got her Colleague Come out and see Flying eagle young lady I got her in the first round Good ! That had no way I use my stunt I ! Go I haven 't done Good ! Colleagues , catch her Flying eagle young lady , you misunderstood in fact we all worship you very much You sign me a autograph Can you take picture with us ? No way why not go without saying goodbye ? Young martial arts school Although Xiaolu is a bit naughty she has remarkable talent of martial arts She stay to will hold up here with me If senior you can teach her personally Her potential will develop out fully Xiaolu xiaolu ¡ ­ Come back Go without saying goodbye ? Doctor is right You takes 4 hours to change the clothes each time Who are you ? I am A Jie , doctor 's assistant Dr. He has an important announcement meeting today The intelligence house science exposition He wants you to go very much So call I to pick you up to see his great invention Excuse me Do not move This time grasp you Please turn round slowly to come over Xiao Lu ! Do you remembered me this teacher the younger sister finally ? If it were not for you this once , I really do not recognize you You didn 't say goodbye to me I miss you a lot Embrace first once miss you uncle Wewn Ren ? Your duty is to come to protect Doctor He not to come to make the embrace Please with concentration Okay ? You are ? I am the Doctor 's unique assistant , A Jie Also is support the international club in flying eagle president of association of honor Tell you , because I know that you want to grasp the flying eagle This fails destined to however Protect the Doctor can never fail Was a time to go in Welcome the intelligence house exposition the Doctor will soon display his a latest invention A revolutionary and new chip dissolves technology and life bring the more fine living environment Need a guest the help the demonstration now Invite this woman Thank This intelligence sensor will measure your body condition automatically This young lady Analyze your motion and thoughts with this Creates for you a most ideal environment Very happy you can come True ? Congratulate you Your are pregnant 48 days Want to know the sex of the child ? Too miraculous We just knew it yesterday Please here Thank how can anyone know my thirsty Our sensor can jump about from your brain skin layer Analyze your thought and take into the arrangement It is time to prepare Do some calisthenics Not , I dislike to do the sport Madam , according to us Your circumstance needs a little sport Please do with the TV I said that I do not do We only will give you best The sport is all beneficial to your child and you No ! Believe me All right , perhaps you are right Our 24 hours serve for host at any time Forever only will give you best Does that still have the choice freedom ? We only will give you best What call best ? Who come to decide ? The computer or mankind ? We only will give you best Wife ! How are you ? Guest , today 's demonstration stop here Thank you everyone Lulu ! Lulu ... lulu ! Give way Lulu Give way ¡ ­ how do you feel my contrivance ? This artificial intelligence Can not like me originally of become to like theoretically can That ¡ ­ I do not like Sorry like to fight so still with person ? Still have to do exercises in gymnastics the man ? The donkey years have not practiced , you ? I am different I practice good skill in martial arts in whole body Almost without equal in strength So severe ? I heard that , you let flying eagle locked in the light pillar No time to give me the true telephone number Do not tease me with the telephone of the Police Station again Good My invention helps everyone What wrong ? Is not your contrivance not enough great Is everybody to still have the wariness to the artificial intelligence Do not get angry , I make you the cup coffee Do not move Who are you ? The Doctor was grasped by the someone Hurry ! Save the person Do not run about aimlessly , action Come with me ! There ! Quick Quick ! There Look after him ! Come with me Make track quickly Each unit notice , I am Wen Ren Doctor was kidnapped by the person on a black armored car received ? Open the satellite motion tracker right away Receive Bind the bandit car to science museum road east line No ¡ ­ they change direction goes into Wenhua road Flying eagle ? My idol ! Sit down ! Call ambulance ! Others come with me Do you see the flying eagle just now ? Is really severe , is my idol indeed as expected ! 360 degrees kick after kicking before It is left kick right kick What kick the method to all have I call you coming back is to help I investigate Is not to beat my chest Why astute science graduate school I ask you , why the Doctor doesn 't have anything ? His talent is most unique What value does he have ? Whitestone group What is that of the sun country Always subsidize the Doctor They this time want that the patent right that have the initiative owns the artificial intelligence servant But , the Doctor doeses not want to sell out right to them So has not been sealed The email is before a week This group is damn rich Tele-communications , media , electronics Why to kidnap Doctor ? This world has all possibiliyies Good , I decided to go to the sun country investigate I go to with your No need Listen to me The Doctor has a set of special communications method with me Believe me , I can help you Believe you ? I did not lie Have no ? You say the flying eagle the left kicking and right kicking Do you see her just now ? That is my imagination Imagination ? That is lying ok ¡ ­ next time to see with own eyes then say Never say it again ! I introduce myself first , I am fire wolf enjoy you the most You the recent artificial intelligence invents the achievement is uncommon But should have the larger use You see this world , simply absurd funny Be elected by a class of stupid eggs an a class of more stupid idiots to rule them Return beautiful its answer to the name of the " democracy " Mankind needs most to leads clear and definitely Only tell they what is best Your new chip Match with my farseeing can then public thought in unification Obey orders in one voice My voice What do you want ? Transplant your intelligence chip into the telephone Let it promoted You want to make use of it to the thought that control the person ? No ! Must not My contrivance is for the sake of ameliorative mankind living And do not want they do your slave You are unscrupulous , I am by no means Do you think that you have choice The whitestone group brings the latest communication technology for you Thruogh the wrist communication machine of this bluetooth telephone You can have face to face communication I am Lin Lisha Occupy to see please wait for a while Thanks If this telephone packs the why doctoral intelligence in top chip All pairs faces the function , the light speaks line Resemble you , would light speak ? Do you still play the game machine ? I have a special communication channel with the doctor I check now he whether near Speak line ? Seek his out Good very sorry Whitestone is receiving a very important guest Today perhaps the take out do not out time sees the anyone What person so important ? Huang Lulu ? Forget almost , antie lets me send greetings to you on behalf of her Thank younger sister Why are You here ? I come to introduce , this is a whitestone my uncle This is Wen Ren Nice to meet you Lin Lisha How do you do I am A Jie Sorry Tina Father , I am in the down stairs Eat the lunch together ? I very busy ¡ ­ you see who comes Tina See the elder sister ! Have not seen for a long time I miss you me too Father , can i eat the lunch with the elder sister ? Can ? Certainly , liked too ! I this descend to go to Doing not hinder you talks the public affairs , seeing soon afterward Good Whitestone , as we know you are very interested in Doctor 's new invention Our company is interested in everything new Include the why doctoral intelligence chip But we do not need uses the means of kidnap whitestone I reserve another time for you Help Tina ? Save me ! Lulu save me Interesting Grasp to walk why Doctor those two persons Stay back Otherwise I killed her right away Total bureau in police in country in the sun The whitestone does not let our police participate this matter I do not think that he will make with our set They are all kidnapped What does the pass connect ? We have withdrawn the whitestone How , have what news ? Have the telephone to want the ransom ? How is younger sister ? Still say that did not practice the effort How would be so severe ? Is it ? Do not feel you know your uncle very well ? Yes , he saw me grow up Does he have the influence very much in the sun country ? For what say so ? He do not let the police take care of the our in this matter and can depend on oneself Since he chooses to follow to bind the bandit compromise We are unique to can make of is to follow him yes , younger sister I give your that eyeshade before Still have used ? Have to use ? Go to the fancy ball ? Thrown away already How you became a police ? Do you did not remember ? Childhood days I like to support the law and discipline very much Now , I have been the regular enforcing the law Seriously , your artistic skill is so good For what do not go to be the police ? I have thought about it before But you know my personality that I do not like the quilt the person the tube I like to use own method I know You this time come to the sun country , is to plan the ¡ ­ The uncle came out Damn Have no matter ? Where is My daughter ? How much do you want actually ? I do not want your money I want your cooperation My SZ8000 ? This is the new SZ9000 Your SZ8ooo is already outdated I know that you are always that want to own the why doctoral and new chip very much I give you , put on it Father saves me ! Father saves me Tina ! Don 't hurt my daughter This the version of betterment wants to throw in the production immediately I will take over your factory premises completely Still there is satellite system When Do you release my daughter ? Very soon I know that you are the youngest computer genius Believe that you can help me Find out this person he flying eagle also wants to seek my help great Dr. He Make progress how ? Everything goes with a swing Extremely good This is the first batch I wants the subconscious message that you spread goes to Then can wanting many long time take effect ? Want to control a thought of person completely Need 4-6 weeks too slow You only have ten days The too strong electric wave will hurt to use brain cell Get the brain cancer very easily Is it ? Do it What are you doing ? Shining on you orders , enhancing the electric wave equation Check clarity he have the make secret arrangements Everything is normal Do not play the pattern The Sz9ooo founded the all new interaction communication realm It was not only to include sZ8ooo all functions also joined the sophisticated and interactive technique in view with the artificial intelligence The Sz9ooo can also go together with the pedestal you the personal demand Program good your living arrangement with importance date Even choose the your shopping and food place Who would like to the help to do a demonstration ? Please Your name ? Eite . Good , date of birth ? August 10th , 1982 Thanks Please dial this number 72364112 Mr. Eite , would you like to have a dinner with me ? Certainly How about having beef hotpot at 7pm tonight ? Mr. Eite , you won 't be free until 7 : 30pm . Is it all right to change to 8 : 00 ? And , your cholesterol level is 215 It 's a little beyond the standard level I suggest you to go to the Jianle Veggie Food , how about that ? Good , then 8 : 00 in the Jianle Veggie See you then Looks like Dr. He 's The concept looks exactly alike Yes , speaking only will be okay Execuse me , Miss Lu I 'm very sorry Mr Baishi said that he is too busy to see anyone today . What ? Even Lulu ? Please do me a favor , it 's really very urgent . Advertising is still not enough I don 't care how much would it spend Has the phones been sent out ? Yes Yesterday each councilman received their telephones sent by me Have you got any news , Uncle Baishi ? Who is that man on the helicopter ? Is he a bandit ? Get them out of here immediately ! Uncle ? What 's the matter with you ? To , those chips will be sent to your factory premises today The production of SZ9000 has to speed up Understand ? Get them away quickly ! The uncle has changed completely Look ! What a big advertisement ! Strange , his daughter is missing and he is still so devoted to publising the product . Telephone is again on the half-price sale , what 's the problem ? Miss Flying Eagle , If you don 't want Tina killed , Please arriving to specify the location on time at 3 : 00 Analysing We 've got a clue , sir Gimme some more time , please You must solve quicker than Flying Eagle , understand ? Roger Flying Eagle web page You feel that paper bag is not good - looking so you do not wear ? I will Make you an eyeshade now , is it much better ? I wear But during the fight , it were ripped off No wonder that you were recognized out by the somebody I will leave now , remember to wear an eyeshade in the fights later . Understand ? The Sun Hotel I have a little thing thea I want to discuss with you Good Wait me in the bar downstairs , after I changed the clothes i will come right away Do you have the place ? No ! The women are all like this , wait downstairs . 99 % alike I 've found ! A glass of beer Idol Flying Eagle , I , the computer talent has tried everything I can , Invade the world 's most secret database and found out this personal data finally He is called Fire wolf Failed with a coup in South America His hands were blown away while he was fleeing then missing afterwards Rumours say that he has connected a pair of very powerful metal arms , And , I feel very honored to serve you . Can it really be you ? What are you doing ? A game What are you doing ? A tracking game ? Tracking whom ? I 've something to do . Get off Kill me Kill you ? Then kill you ! Get off ! Go ! Help ! Help ! Loafer ! Drive , hurry AWL Hold No.9 Should I call your Flying Eagle , or Miss Lulu Huang ? Where is Tina ? Tina ? Tina isn 't important , she is only a pawn How does your words come ? It might spend sometime I have no time to hear you saying the useless talk Hand over Tina quickly Do you know , I really enjoy you very much But you hinder me everywhere So I specially prepared this condition for you To make a judgement Let 's go You are really Miss Flying Eagle Come on ! I have just warm up Let 's play another five minutes Good Who are we following ? Do you really want to arrest her ? I can 't let you arrest her Do not ! Do not ! Do not do that ! Do you think you can stop us ? Do not ! What is this place ? Who beat you to this ? Are they those bandits ? Do you know how dangerous it is for you to do these ? Do you really think that you can save the world with only your own efforts ? Sorry , the problem that you ask I did not think from the beginning I think only of how to arrest the bad persons Arresting the bad persons is the police 's duty Do you know who are you ? Do you know what are you doing ? I know very clearly However ¡ ­ Do you really feel that position is so important ? The biggest difference between you and i is that you have a certificate , but I don 't But we have the same starting position Similar ? That 's right , with the mask , you are Flying Eagle , So powerful , Pull off the mask , you are still Miss Lulu Huang Is it funny ? This world has the law and discipline If everybody resembles you the world is big disorderly ! In a word , don 't do it again Or , then dont say that i am merciless You have your life law and discipline I have my life principle Even since I know the Kungfu that I learn can aid the society This has been my mission Don 't rule me anymore I will use my own method to save Tina If you are not hurt , I will arrest you immediately ! Cuff me ! Cuff me now if you want ! After I am okay , you will never be able to cuff me again ! Miss Flying Eagle No , Idol Lulu , still not ... have you received my email ? I searched for a long time , he is called fire wolf , very powerful Leave He is fierce ¡ ­ hurry ! Go ! How much do you know , let me know in details Otherwise I will put you into prison ! In prison ? Sure ! I 've told you everything that flying eagle has asked me to search for why not say earlier ? She is my idol , but you want to arrest her How can i tell you ? At the moment you know that Flying Eagle is your sister , You have what feeling ? For what reason her kungfu is better than yours ? The Baishi Group announces proved that the rumor about the daughter of Mr Baishi is out of nothing Earlier today , Mr Baishi together with several parliamentarians And the industry and business leader holds the press conference Proclaim to nominate fire wolf as next prime minister 's candidate To what level do you support Fire Wolf ? Without any reservation , support with all strength Mr. Baishi and those around him is a little odd . This is the first time Sun to nominate a foreigner for the Prime Minister The public thinks This is the sun country to realize democratic milestone They all carry the SZ9000 This telephone has problems certainly We buy one and come back to research Let you experience my ... computer talent ! Really ? You said , Computer Talent All right Hello , Lisa Wenren ? Yes I need your help The superiors prohibits to investigate into this case , so we cannot do anything Lisa ! How long have we known each other ? I reall fear of you to do this ... Master , I really like to fight ? Why do you still teach me so much Kungfu ? The water becomes the big current will result in the disaster The water also will bring the source of vitality for the creation You remember , all things necessarily contain plus or minus , yin and yang two pole The kungfu can hurt people , and it can also helps people . Teacher , what is best kungfu ? Once , the fire duels with water The water froze himeself , Thinking he can win the fire with the strong and tough ice And , the ice was melted by the fire When the ice changes back into water , The water puts out the fire on the contrary The world has no best kungfu It depends on how you use Central Police Bureau of The Sun Country Morning ! Morning ! Stayed a whole night again Fixed What ? Find out Hello ! Wake up ! I found out the ... Wake up ! I found ... See ! I found out What ? This is the password I use to contact Dr He He is really very smart what did he say ? He says he was trapped in the dungeon of a secret group The group leader is called fire wolf He uses Dr He 's chip to control the thoughts of SZ9000 users He will transmit the idea controlling message to the satelites on 2nd this month , and then convert it to waves to control the telephone users . It will hurts a lot of people 's brain cells we were asked to stop him just today Does he ever say where he is ? No , I can at track in a few hours the electric wave shoot the position several hours ? We have no time ! Lisa , can you send someone to help ? Go where to seek ? Go to the Country road No.9 Flying Eagle regards Country road No.9 , flying eagle regards Here Lisa , this is the opportunity finally , believe me All right , I arrange the people Good ! Set out I would have asked you earlier if i know It will be good if you don 't blame You shut up ! Leave Hold tight him ! How long do you need ? We can launch five minutes later Whole transmission process needs 15 minutes 3 : 15 , your big industry will be completed Do you know how many SZ9000s we 've sold ? Already over 100,000,000 set You are a bedlamite This still is a beginning numbers increase continuously You know that we have plenty more thing wants to complete Leader I am ready Very good Begin Yes I warned you AWL Hold ? You are affirmative here ? Yes , affirmative Lisa All right Take us to a model exhibit room Good ! Let 's seek ! Spread out ! Lisa Idol Cool , you are willing to come ? I think the police handles affairs won 't need my help Is is true ? Let I to Need not ! How come that you haven 't changed over the years ? Behind ! We all have Are you okay ? Let I to ! Need not don 't You look after them , I seek the secret passage Good I found out great See my unprecedented undertaking at the right moment Deserve the fete once Celebrate ? Say it after win me ! Doctor are you okay ? This time , I will kill you do we fight in single ? You will lose The Doctor , wake up ! We have no time Awake ¡ ­ Stop the blast-off quickly ! Quick Password wrong We must find out the eyeball ¡ ­ of the fire wolf to terminate the blast-off Let I to Good Have no time ! We want to scan his eyeball Quick ! Come here quickly Openning eyes the ¡ ­ opens Quick ! We finds out the password and stopped the launch ! Impossible Doctor Lauch Terminated Succeed ! Succeed Stopped Done ! You were cheated ! The automatic destruction system starts we 'd better leave quickly Hurry leave quickly go , go ! All ends , quick ! Leave go ! Quick are you okay ? Get up Quick ! Go I will go and open the door Quick ! Have no time go quickly Quick ! Save them out This place will explode ! Quick then how about you ? I am going down again Damn Hello ! Hello ! Jie ! Wake up ! Jie , open the door , wake up ! Wake up ! Wake up ! Look at me , help me to open the door ! Jie , wake up quickly ! System expiration No ! Jie , open quickly door You look after him Flying eagle ! Flying eagle Come out quickly ! Flying eagle , I know that you can hear I know that you can always hear 917 01 : 31 : 21,680 ... 01 : 31 : 23,352 Come out quickly , have no time Lulu ! I forbid you to leave with out a " bye " ! Have you heard ? Sister ! Your weakness was the kindness why do you beat him to faint ? I fear him to grasp you Did I make a mistake ? Then he is yours you 've solved a big case just after your arrival at Zhongjing City Really thank you Did flying eagle helped you ? Why not arrest her now ? Well , if my sister 's Mystery Kungfu Glagla fights her , Who would win ? Sorry Hello ? Yes , yes Good , I will arrive right away excuse me , i will leave now I will pay . Can your Glagla blow off the glass ? In fact , it is really my Glagla blow off the broken glass or it was the Fire Wolf 's punch blown off the glass I also get mixed up However I know very clearly After I finished my glagla , I was very powerful ! Enough enough wish you will be rich ! Congratulations congratulations
