 What ? Is that all you 've got ? I just got warmed up , come on ! Let 's fight for ten more minutes ! No Five minutes ? No Two minutes ? No You 're safe , don 't worry Go in , dear Time to go Who is the Silver Hawk ? This is my card You 're welcome to call me anytime Thanks Nice ! What ? Hi young lady , you look very familiar I 'm sure I 've seen you somewhere before And you are ? My name is A Ren The rich man My name is A Ren , rich man Good ! However you can call me by my Chinese name Wen Ren I am Xiao Lu Welcome Xiao Lu Dismissed ! Xiao Lu , why you didn 't answer me ? Are you an orphan ? How do you know I 'm an orphan ? Obviously , I have the brains of a detective I will look after you , you can count on me For what ? Because I have more experience Senior Good ! Senior ! Who stole her lollipop ? I did ! What 's it to you ? Everybody get back ! I 'm here to uphold law and discipline ! With my " Glagla " power ­ Let me help ! No need ! Go ! Why did you fight ? I 'm happy when I fight Idiot Idiot Sir , she beat me I was responsible ! No ! Only her , I recognize her Was it really you ? Xiao Lu , I have an idea ! Put this bag on your head Nobody will recognize you next time Who are you ? I am your senior Senior ! I 'm leaving , see you See you Xioa Lu , cover up your face when you fight Remember it I remember Here ­ This is where I recognize you from You inherited a hundred million dollars from a powerful person Warmhearted , public-spirited , established a charity fund The single young lady named Lulu Huang You have a good memory Nice to meet you Criminal Investigation section ? Yeah I 've just been promoted to Superintendent I 've devoted myself to an important case : the capture of Silver Hawk ! Silver Hawk ? She 's good ! Is there really any reason to stop her ? Her presence weakens the morale of our police force And destroys the police force 's image Her actions are casting a poor light on the efforts of our police And also impacting my male dignity So , I have decided that I must get her Do you want to capture her ? That 's right , when she runs into me ­ It will be the end of her days Can you really get her ? But of course Sorry No problem , no problem Excuse me Welcome Wen Ren Here he comes Hi Hello , everybody Welcome Thanks Come , take a picture Wait Miss Lulu Huang I have a car , a very big one I 'll give you a ride I also have a car - Thank you - No problem Can you give me your phone ? I like my phone , I can 't give it to you No ! ­ I mean your phone number OK , give me your phone OK Can we go ? Thanks ... wait I have just arrived in town I 'd like to take you to dinner OK , but not until you remember who I am Boss ! ­ who is that Wen Ren guy ? Why did you put a bug in his phone ? Wait and see Tune into it for me OK Boss ! ­ did you have fun ? Yeah I flew over the Great Wall to save a panda Exciting ! I have never met someone like you before Are you indestructible ? Yes , I am Help ! Hurry up My shoes ! ­ Hello , Auntie Auntie Xiao Lu , let me see You lost weight When you were young You were chubby If your parents were still here ... I miss them too Hey , I have your favorite chocolate ! Thanks , Auntie Chocolate , come in Thanks Allow me to introduce The treasure of our city Mr. Ho Chung Dr. Ho Chung Nice to meet you You two get to know each other All right ? Doctor , what do you like to do ? I like to study Read books Study again read books again and you ? I do everything except research and read books You can 't make fun of my research In a few days , I will be announcing an invention of great significance Congratulations ! - Would you like some tea ? - Thank you Boss , can you hear me ? I have turned on the bug for you Ok , here we go You 're now listening to radio station " wen Ren " live from the police station Wen Ren is speaking about his flight In fact during my flight , I ran into Lulu Huang There are a lot of men interested in her I don 't care Our relationship is special Let 's not talk about it See ? I have her phone number Do you really ? Wait and see Hello ? Hello ? I 'm Wen Ren I 'm looking for Lulu Huang Sorry , there isn 't any Lulu Huang here However ! ­ You don 't have to shout We can all hear you just fine ! Ha ha ! Very funny . Never mind , I like the challenge Superior ! Welcome aboard We 're counting on you Yes , sir I won 't let you down There is a robbery in the city Colleagues , it 's time for action Action What ? I mean , let 's do something ! Want to go to the movies ? OK ! Just wait here while I change my clothes The Silver Hawk ! Let 's go ! Catch ! I got her ! Colleagues Come out and see Silver Hawk You 're not so tough , I caught you right away ! Fine ! That was a lucky shot I 'll use my " glagla " power gia gia gia gia gia gia gia gia Hey , I wasn 't done yet ! Alright ! Colleagues , catch her ! Silver Hawk , you misunderstand . Actually , we 're all in awe of you ! Will you sign an autograph for us ? Can you take a picture with us ? No way , what are you doing ? Hey , where are you going ? You 're leaving without saying goodbye ? Young Martial Arts School Although Xiaolu is a bit naughty she has remarkable talent in martial arts She will go with me Master , if you can teach her personally Her potential will fully develop Xiaolu , Xiaolu ! ­ Come back You 're leaving without saying goodbye ? The Doctor was right You take forever to change clothes ! Who are you ? I am A Jie , the doctor 's assistant Dr. Ho has an important press conference today At the intelligence industry exposition He would really like you to be there So he called me to pick you up to see his great invention Excuse me Don 't move This time I 've got you Please turn around slowly Xiao Lu ! Do you finally remember me from school ? If it weren 't for you doing this , I wouldn 't have recognized you You didn 't say goodbye to me I missed you a lot How about a hug I missed you Excuse me Wen Ren ? Your duty is to protect the Doctor not give out hugs Please try to concentrate , okay ? And you are ? I am Dr. Ho 's assistant , A Jie I 'm also the President of the International Silver Hawk Fan Club I 'm telling you , because I know that you 're trying to capture the Silver Hawk You 're destined to fail , but you can 't fail to protect the Doctor It 's time to go in Welcome to the intelligence industry exposition Dr. Ho will soon display his latest invention A revolutionary new device that merges technology and life to create a better living environment I need a guest to help with the demonstration How about this woman ? Thanks This intelligence sensor will measure your body condition automatically - Hello Ms. Huang It will analyze your motion and thoughts And create an ideal environment for you - I 'm very happy you could come Really ? Congratulations You are 48 days pregnant Would you like to know the sex of the child ? That 's incredible ! We just learned yesterday ! Here you go Thanks How can anyone know I 'm thirsty ? Our sensors can read your brain skin layer Analyze your thoughts and take them into account for your needs It 's time to prepare for your child Do some calisthenics to stay healthy No , I don 't like to exercise Madam , according to us Your circumstance needs a little sport Please follow along with the TV I said that I don 't exercise We only want what 's best for you Exercise is beneficial to your child and you No ! Trust me All right , perhaps you 're right We 're at your service 24 hours a day We 're dedicated to giving you the best forever Does that include the freedom of choice ? We 'll only do what 's best for you What do you call the best ? Who decides ? The computer or mankind ? We 'll only do what 's best for you My dear wife ! How are you ? Guests , today 's demonstration stops here Thank you everyone Lulu ! Hey , Lulu ... Lulu ! Excuse me Lulu Excuse me What do you think of my invention ? This artificial intelligence Can 't like me or even learn to like me Theoretically , it can That ! ­ I do not like Sorry Do you still like to fight with people ? Do you still practice your martial arts ? I haven 't practiced in many years , and you ? Yes , I definitely keep in practice I practice martial arts skills for the whole body I 'm almost without equal in strength Really ? I heard that Silver Hawk left you handcuffed to a light pillar ? Didn 't she ? It 's time to give me your real telephone number Don 't tease me with the phone number of the Police Station again OK My invention helps everyone What 's wrong with everybody ? Isn 't your invention great enough ? Why is everybody still scared of artificial intelligence ? Don 't be upset . I 'll get you some coffee Don 't move Who are you ? The Doctor is being kidnapped ! Hurry ! Save him ! Don 't just stand there , go after him ! Come with me ! There ! Quickly ! Quick ! Over there ! Look after him ! Come with me Go that way ! Attention all units , this is Wen Ren The Doctor has been kidnapped by someone in a black armored car Do you copy ? Open the satellite motion tracker right away ! Yes boss ! Follow the bandit 's car to the science museum road No ! ­ they changed direction They 're headed onto Wenhua Road It 's Silver Hawk ! It 's Silver Hawk , my idol ! Sit down ! Call an ambulance ! Did you see the Silver Hawk just now ? She 's incredible ! My idol is even better than I expected ! She did a 360-degree kick after kicking before Then left kick , right kick Such amazing technique ! Hey , I called you here to help me investigate not to beat my chest Well , Mr. computer genius I ask you , why would kidnappers be interested in the Doctor ? His talent is very unique What value does he have ? The Shiraishi Enterprise What is that ? They 're from the country Zenda They always subsidize the Doctor 's research This time they want the licensing rights to his artificial intelligence system But , the Doctor doesn 't want to sell the rights to them So the deal has not been made This email is over a week old This group is really rich Tele-communications , media , electronics Why kidnap the Doctor ? This world is full of possibilities OK , I 've decided to go to Zenda to investigate I 'll go with you No need Wait , listen to me The Doctor has a secret way to communicate with me Trust me , I can help you Trust you ? I haven 't lied Haven 't you ? You say you saw the Silver Hawk with the left kicking and right kicking Did you see her just now ? That 's my imagination Imagination ? That 's lying OK ! ­ next time you 'll see with your own eyes , then try to say I 'm lying You 'll never say it again ! Let me introduce myself , I am Alexander Wolf You have something of great interest to me , Dr. Ho . Your artificial intelligence invention is amazing But it should have a larger use You see , this world is simply absurd We 're selected from a class of stupid eggs and ruled by a class of more stupid idiots I want to return beauty to the name of " democracy " Mankind needs a leader with a clear and definite vision To only tell them what is best Your new artificial intelligence Matched with my farseeing vision can unify public thought And force people to obey orders in one voice My voice What do you want from me ? I want to transplant your intelligence device into telephones Let it spread everywhere You want to use it to control the thoughts of the people ? No ! You must not ! My invention is meant to improve human life Not to make slaves out of them You are unscrupulous , I cannot allow Do you think that you have a choice ? Shiraishi Enterprises has the latest communication technology for you Through the wrist communication device of this bluetooth telephone You can have face to face communication I am Lin Lisha I 'd like to see Mr. Shiraishi please wait here Thanks If Shiraishi wants to buy the doctor 's artificial intelligence device It could be very dangerous in the wrong hands I 'm just glad it 's not in your hands ! You 're playing a game now ? I told you I have a special communication channel with the doctor I 'm checking if he 's near You are ? Make it fast ! I will I 'm very sorry Shiraishi Enterprises is receiving a very important guest today Unfortunately Mr. Shiraishi doesn 't have time to see anyone else Who could be so important ? Lulu Huang ? I almost forgot , Auntie sends her greetings to you Thanks Younger sister Why are you here ? Allow me to introduce my uncle , Mr. Shiraishi I 'm Wen Ren Nice to meet you Lin Lisha How do you do ? I am A Jie Sorry Hi , Tina Father , I 'm downstairs Can we eat lunch together ? I 'm very busy ! ­ Look who 's here Hi , Tina Older sister ! I haven 't seen you for a long time I miss you Me too Father , can I eat lunch with older sister ? Can you ? Certainly , I 'd love too ! I 'll go down now to meet her Please take care of your business , and I 'll see you after lunch Goodbye Mr. Shiraishi , as we know you are very interested in Doctor Ho 's new invention Our company is interested in all new technology Including the new artificial intelligence device But we don 't need to kidnap anyone to get it Mr. Shiraishi I 'll reserve another time for you Help ! Tina ? Save me ! Lulu , save me ! Interesting Those are the two who took the Doctor ! Stay back Or I 'll kill her Police of Zenda Headquarters Mr. Shiraishi won 't let our police investigate the kidnapping I don 't think that he will change his mind His precious daughter Tina has been kidnapped Why would he refuse our help ? We have closed the Shiraishi case Hi , do you have any news ? Have they called with any ransom demands ? How are you ? You seemed to fight very well without much effort Is there something you 'd like to tell me ? Is there ? I don 't think so Do you know your uncle very well ? Yes , he watched me grow up Does he have a lot of influence in Zenda ? Why do you ask ? He won 't let the police get involved in the kidnapping investigation Since he has chosen to try to capture the bandits himself I must follow him and do what I can to assist So , younger sister I gave you a mask before Do you still use one ? Do I need to use one ? For what ? To go to costume balls ? I threw it away How did you become a policeman ? You don 't remember ? Since childhood , I 've always liked to uphold law and discipline Now , it 's my career to enforce the law And you , your skills are so good Why haven 't you joined the police ? I have thought about it before But you know my personality , I don 't like to follow authority or rules I like to use my own methods I know You came to Zenda this time , to plan the ­ My uncle just came out Damn ! Are you ok ? Where is my daughter ? What do you want from me ? I don 't want your money I want your cooperation My SZ8000 ? This is the new SZ9000 Your SZ8000 is already outdated I know that you always want to have the newest product Here you go , put it on Father , save me ! Father , save me ! Tina ! Don 't hurt my daughter ! We want to start production of the new model immediately I 'm taking control of your factory And also your satellite system When will you release my daughter ? We shall see I know that you are the youngest computer genius in Polaris City I am sure that you will be able to hack into the government files And find out who this person is The Silver Hawk needs my help ! This is so cool ! Hello , Dr. Ho How are we doing ? Everything is going according to your plan Very good This is the first batch of people I want our subconscious message sent to How long until it will take effect ? To completely control people 's thoughts It takes 4-6 weeks That 's far too slow You only have ten days The electric waves will be too strong ! They 'll damage brain cells ! People will get brain cancer ! Really ? Do it ! What are you doing ? Following your orders , enhancing the electric wave equation Make sure he isn 't doing anything sneaky Everything is normal Don 't play any games with me ! The SZ9000 has launched an all new interactive communication realm It not only includes all the functions of the SZ8000 It also includes sophisticated and interactive artificial intelligence The SZ9000 can also work together with our optional home interface unit To program your home with important dates Even choose your shopping and restaurant destinations Who would like to help to do a demonstration ? Please - Your name ? - Eite . OK , and your date of birth ? August 10th , 1982 Thanks Please dial this number 72364112 Mr. Eite , would you like to have dinner with me ? Certainly How about if we go out for beef hotpot at 7pm tonight ? Mr. Eite , you won 't be free until 7 : 30pm . Is it all right to change to 8 : 00 ? And , your cholesterol level is 215 It 's a little above the standard level I suggest that you go to Jianle Vegetarian Food Restaurant instead OK , then 8 : 00 at Jianle Vegetarian See you then Looks like Dr. Ho 's invention The concept seems exactly the same Isn 't a simple phone conversation good enough ? Excuse me , Miss Lulu I 'm very sorry Mr Shiraishi said that he is too busy to see anyone today . What ? Even Lulu ? Please do me a favor , it 's really very urgent . We 're still not advertising enough I don 't care how much it costs Have the first batch of phones been sent out ? Yes Yesterday each councilman received a telephone from us Have you got any news , Uncle Shiraishi ? Who is that man in the helicopter ? Is he a bandit ? Get them out of there immediately ! Uncle ? What 's the matter with you ? Shiraishi , those chips will be sent to your factory today The production of the SZ9000 has to speed up Understand ? Get them away from here ! Uncle has changed completely Look ! What a big advertisement ! Strange ... his daughter is missing and he 's still so devoted to launching the new product . The new phone is on a half-price sale already , what 's wrong with it ? Miss Silver Hawk , If you don 't want Tina killed , Please arrive at the specified location at exactly 3 : 00 PM Analyzing I 've got a clue , sir Give me some more time , please You must solve this case faster than Flying Eagle , understood ? Roger Flying Eagle web page You think the paper bag isn 't good - looking so you won 't wear it ? I made you an eyeshade instead , is that be better ? I wore the bag today But during the fight , it was ripped off Oh , no wonder you were recognized by somebody I 'm leaving now , remember to wear your eyeshade in your future fights . Understand ? Zenda Hotel Hi , I have a little issue that I want to discuss with you OK Wait for me in the bar downstairs , I 'll be down after I change clothes Oh , are you planning something ? No ! Women are all like this , wait downstairs . 99 % match I found him ! I 'd like a beer , thanks My dear Silver Hawk - I , the computer genius , have tried everything I can , I infiltrated the world 's most secret databases and finally found this personal data He is called Alexander Wolf He failed in a coup attempt in South America His arms were blown off while he was fleeing then he went missing afterwards Rumors say that he has connected a pair of very powerful metal arms , P.S. , I 'm very honored to serve you . Ah , where are you going ? What are you doing ? Playing a game Hey , what are you doing ? A tracking device ? Who are you tracking ? I have to do something . Get out Make me Make you ? I 'll make you ! - Get out ! Go ! - Help ! Help ! Slacker ! Just drive ... hurry ! AWL Warehouse No.9 Should I call you Silver Hawk , or Miss Lulu Huang ? Where is Tina ? Tina ? Tina isn 't important , she is only a pawn Who cares about Tina ? When my plans are so much more important I have no time to listen to your useless talk Hand over Tina right now ! You know , I really like you very much But you hinder me everywhere I turn So I prepared this little trap especially for you Let 's see how good you really are Let 's start So this is the mighty Silver Hawk Come on ! I have just warmed up Let 's play another five minutes Alright Who are we following ? Are you going to arrest her ? I can 't let you arrest her ! Stop ! Stop ! Don 't do it ! Do you think you can stop me ? Don 't ! Where are we ? Who beat you like this ? Was it the bandits ? Do you know how dangerous it was for you to go after them alone ? Do you really think that you can save the world on your own ? Sorry , I didn 't really think about the details I was just trying to stop the criminals Arresting criminals is the police 's duty Do you know who you are ? Do you know what you 're doing ? I know exactly what I 'm doing But ! ­ Do you really think that your position is so important ? The biggest difference between you and I is that you have a badge , but I don 't But we 're basically both the same We 're similar ? That 's not true . With the mask , you are Silver Hawk , So powerful , Pull off the mask , you are just Miss Lulu Huang Isn 't that funny ? This world has law and discipline If everybody was like you the world would be in complete chaos ! I 'm warning you , don 't do it again Or don 't blame me when I arrest you You have your life - - law and discipline . I have my life - - principles Ever since I discovered that my Kungfu skills could aid society This has been my mission Don 't hinder me anymore I will use my own methods to save Tina If you 're not hurt , I 'm going to arrest you ! Cuff me ! Cuff me now if you want ! When I 'm healthy , you 'll never be able to cuff me again ! Miss Silver Hawk ! No , it 's Lulu , how can it be ... did you get my email ? I searched for a long time , he is called Alexander Wolf , very powerful Get out of here ! - He is fierce ! ­ Hurry ! Go ! How much do you know , let me know the details Otherwise I will throw you in prison ! What ? Prison ? Yes ! I 've told you everything that Silver Hawk asked me to search for Why didn 't you tell me earlier ? She is my idol , but you want to arrest her How could I tell you ? When you learned that Silver Hawk was your sister , weren 't you excited ? Why is her kungfu better than yours ? The Shiraishi Group announced today that the rumor about the daughter of Mr. Shiraishi is not true , and she is safe Earlier today , Mr. Shiraishi met with several members of Parliament And now the industry and business leader is holding a press conference To announce his support to nominate Alexander Wolf as the next prime minister To what extent do you support Alexander Wolf ? Without any reservation , I support him with all my strength Mr. Shiraishi and those around him seem a little odd . - This is the first time Zenda has nominated a foreigner for Prime Minister - The public thinks - This is the time for Zenda to realize a democratic milestone They 're all using the SZ9000 The telephone must be involved somehow We 'll buy one and examine it I 'll let you experience my computer talent ! Computer talent , huh ? We 'll see OK Hello , Lisa This is Wen Ren I need your help with the Shiraishi case Our superiors have prohibited us from investigating that case , we can 't do anything Lisa ! How long have we known each other ? I really don 't think this is a good idea ... Master , I really like to fight Why do you still teach me so much Kungfu ? The water that becomes a flood can result in disaster But water also brings a source of vitality for creation Remember , all things necessarily contain positive and negative aspects , yin and yang Kungfu can hurt people , but it can also help people . Teacher , what is the best kungfu ? Once upon a time , fire fought with water The water decided to freeze itself , Thinking it could defeat the fire with strong and tough ice But the ice was easily melted by the fire When the ice changed back into water , The water put out the fire instead of being defeated by it The world has no best kungfu It just depends on how you use it Police of Zenda Headquarters Good morning ! Morning ! You stayed up the whole night again ? I 've got it What ? I 've got it ! Hello ! Wake up ! I found out the ... Wake up ! I found ... See ! I figured it out What is that ? This is the secret code I use to contact Dr. Ho ! He is really very smart What does he say ? He says he was trapped in the dungeon of a secret organization The group leader is Alexander Wolf He wants to us Dr. Ho 's chip to control the minds of SZ9000 users He plans to transmit new mind control software to orbiting satellites and then use the satellites to control the telephone users . This will cause irreparable damage to the brain cells of the phone users He asked us to stop him This was just today ! Does he say where he is ? No , but I can trace the electric waves to determine his position within a few hours Several hours ? We don 't have time for that ! Lisa , can you send someone to help ? Where would they go ? Go to the Country Road No.9 Silver Hawk sends her regards Country Road No.9 , with compliments Silver Hawk Here Lisa , this is our last chance , please help me ! All right , I 'll send some officers OK ! Let 's go ! I would have asked you earlier if I knew It will be good if you don 't blame her You shut up ! Let 's go Hold him ! How long do you need ? We can launch five minutes from now The whole transmission process takes 15 minutes At 3 : 15 , your grand plan will be complete Do you know how many SZ9000s we 've sold ? Already over 100,000,000 sets You are an evil man That 's just a start , the sales are steadily increasing We have many more things we want to do with our new power Leader I am ready Very good Begin Yes sir I warned you AWL Warehouse ? You 're sure this is the right place ? Yes , I 'm sure Lisa All right This is just a model exhibit room Ok ! Let 's find him ! Spread out ! Lisa Silver Hawk ! Good timing ! Now you can go . I don 't think the police can handle this without my help Are you sure you want me to go ? Let me No need ! Why haven 't you changed after all these years ? Behind you ! Let 's get them ! Are you okay ? - Let me ! - No need ! No ! You look after them , I 'll look for the secret passage OK I found it Very impressive You 've discovered my secret lair at precisely the right moment Just as we 're beginning to celebrate our success ! Celebrate ? Say it after you beat me ! Doctor ! This time , I will kill you If we fight one on one ... You will lose ! Doctor , wake up ! We have no time Wake up ! ­ Quick , stop the countdown ! Access denied Only Alexander Wolf 's eye can stop the countdown Let me help What ? We 're out of time ! We have to scan his eye ! Quick ! Come here quickly Open his eye ! Pry it open ! Oh no ! Hey , we found the password and stopped the launch ! Impossible Doctor ! Transmission Interrupted Success ! Success ! We stopped the launch ! It 's over ! We did it ! Self destruction mode activated We 'd better get out of here fast ! Hurry ! Get out quickly ! Go , go ! It 's all over ! Let 's go Go ! Quick Are you okay ? Get up Hurry ! Let 's go I 'll go and open the door Quick ! We have no time Come on ! Quick ! Save them ! This place is going to explode ! What about you ? I 'm going down again Damn ! Wait ! Wait ! Jie ! Wake up ! Jie , open the door , wake up ! Wake up ! Wake up ! Look at me , help me open the door ! Quick ! Quick ! System Lockdown No ! Open the door ! You look after him Lulu ! Lulu ! Please come out ! Lulu , I know that you can hear me I know that you can always hear me ! Come out quickly , there 's no time left ! Lulu ! I forbid you to leave with out a " goodbye " ! Can you hear me ? Sister ! Your weakness was your kindness Why did you knock him out ? I feared he would try to arrest you Did I make a mistake ? He 's all yours then We solved the big case thanks to your arrival in Polaris City Really , thank you Did Silver Hawk help you ? Why not arrest her now ? Well , if my sister 's Mystery Kungfu fought against my Glagla , Who would win ? Excuse me Hello ? Yes , yes OK , I 'll come right away Sorry , I have to go I 'll see you later . Bye . Can your Glagla really break glass ? Yes , it was my amazing Glagla power that blew out the broken glass Or maybe it was Alexander Wolf 's punch that blew out the glass OK , I don 't really know for sure But , I definitely know after I finished my Glagla , I was very powerful ! Oh please , enough ! I hope your powerful Glagla makes you very rich ! I hope so too !
