 Ladies and gentlemen . We don 't know when it started that man began to think about the my - sterious hidden behind the blue sky . from knowing to enchanted . In the end , obsessed with it . And we forgot the existence of human beings is also a mystery of the universe . You may not know that human had been investigated by curious beings outside earth for a long time . Well , let 's focus to the topic . All ex citing stories usually have a very common opening , this story also the same . It happened in San Francisco in America . On a very boring Saturday . I was a senior staff of the United Nations . We call AAA . Aliens Analyzing Agency As far as we know there are more than a hundred alien species outside earth . They may be hiding somewhere . Or hidden in a human being . Those in front of me , may have an alien inhabited in them . We believe that ... the legendary vampires and werewolves are all abandon by the aliens . Are you very confused ? If you want to know more about AAA . Sorry We officially do not exist . Every year , although we use a large amount of the budget , But you can not know that from regular way . Oh , I forgot to introduce myself ... my name is Wesley . The owner of this antique shop is Mr Chu . He always find weird things . Today , he urgently calls me here He said there is something . which I will regret for the rest of my life if I miss it . Wesley ! What the hell are you touching that clock ? What kind of fake stuff have you got to con me this time ? Fake your head off ! This is ... . nothing but the greatest discovery of biology . Let 's see . Wait ... Price first . One hundred grants One hundred ... US dollars . Dr. Cheung ask you , something wrong with your brain ? There 's something wrong with your brain ! Not mine ! Are you crazy ? You think this is common stuff ? It fell from the sky ! Who 's Mr Chu ? I am . The thing you were talking about ... Oh ! Are you the one ... I don 't need you anymore . It 's sold . Goodbye . Come ... I show you . Why can 't I see it . She agree my price . I also agree . You agree ? You said you 'll save it for me . Yes , of course . We 'll sell to the highest offer , starting from a hundred and twenty thousand dollars . Is this crystal or bone ? Bones , definitely . Test confirmed that this is organic . This is very important to me . But , I don 't have enough money , I only have seventy thousand . Honey , 70 grants only ? No deal Please . Hey , I 'll get you the money soon . Honey , this gentlemen is going to buy it . I 'm not buying . Why don 't you sell it to her for thirty thousand . You fool ! Are you helping her to bargain ? No , how about forty thousand ? Or I 'll call the FBI . And say that you smuggled China 's antique into America . Then they 'll arrest seize your shop . It won 't be good to any of us . I know you don 't dare to . This is FBI 's number , do you want me to call ? Ah ... You ... I don 't want it anymore . What ? Call the FBI , thanks . Wait ! Miss . How about fifty thousand ? Twenty thousand ! Wow ! You 're good at bargaining ! Okay , deal . Fifty thousand ! Thank you . Argh ! Another earthquake . Mister , I advice you to leave here quickly . What are you talking about ? Just be careful . Is that true ? Mr Wesley , you AAA 's information are even more update than ours . Double X of F.B.I. never cooperated with us . Rely upon you ? It 's too late . I am Pak , senior detective of the Double X Unit . Something happened up there this morning , I hope you stay out of it . Also , this is America . We have the right to get first hand information . The UN didn 't notify us . You have the priority . And it was not because of you last time . then , Planet SRH327 's baby could have been born here . I haven 't get time to argue with you now . If you have to interfere , then I 'll arrest you . How can you arresting for interfering ? I don 't think you need a gun , do you ? Freeze ! Don 't be so arrogant ! Shoot then . I will also shoot if you do . My bullet will hit your central nervous system . You 'll die in a second not able to move a finger . Okay , let 's bet on that . one two three . Hi It 's nice to meet you , Miss Sue . How did you know me ? In the FBI , only Sue will dare to point at me with a gun . I have no time to mess about with you . An alien was found in this building . It is believed that most people above the fourth floor are dead already . We have to go in and capture it alive . What kind of creature is this ? It come from the Orion planet 13788 . According to Dr. Kwok , the analyzer indicated the casualty belongs to C grade . This is a residential area . You can 't let it leave the building . Of course . Sorry I 'll just watch , I won 't interfere . Everybody , move ! I need to talk to you . Don 't act so cool ! Thank you Hold your position . These appear to only C grade aliens , X1147 's Fire ! Sir ! We got a problem ! It 's changing from C grade aliens , X1147 to A grade ... What in gods name ? Teams 2 and 3 move up in the back up position . Now Fire ! Fire ! Fire ! Pull back ! Back ... Teacher ... we saw blue blood ... She had blue blood ! Children , people do not have blue blood . Ours is red . She did ! We saw it ! I 'm not going to have this . I 'm not going to have you children making up stories and lies that nonsense It ridiculous and I don 't want to hear absolutely another word out of it . Tell me . Her blood is blue ... Alright , that 's enough ! I 'm tired of you children making up stories . People blood is red and I 'm going to punish each and ever and everyone of you unless you sit down . Sit But we 're telling truth Mrs. Henderson Wesley , I don 't know why you 're lying to me . I 'm not I want you to go stand in that hallway all by yourself and I do not want to see you again until you 're ready to tell me truth Go ! Now class , I want you to turn to page 7 in the text book and we 'll continue on the lesson Okay , children as you know we were talking about snake today Snake have no legs . They don 't have eyelids or eardrums but they can still move very quickly and they can figure out what 's around them with chemical sensors . You can find them everywhere except Antarctica . Most live on land but some live in the rivers or the seas and some even climb trees . There are about twenty five hundred different species of snake , and over 800 of them are poisonous , but only about 250 are considered dangerous to humans Mrs. Henderson Wesley , where 've you been ? Please take your seat . Wesley , go back to your seat . Wesley , back here . Well , class we were talking today about ... about crocodiles . Gotta admire Wesley , his will power is uncountable . He 's been expose to some unknow energy . His cells are replication out of control raising his temperature . If he leaves the chromomeric life support system now he will cook with in 3 minutes . We need the way to neutralize the energy With our computer , surely I find a way to save him in 24 hours . But he can only maintain for 26 minutes . Contact Wesley 's brain wave . We need to communicate with him As soon as possible Successful brain wave recording . Now we can proceed to communicate . Wesley , can you hear me ? This is Sue . I can hear you clearly . Tell me , Wesley Who killed the creatures on planet A13788488 ? Who did this to you ? Wesley , time is running out . We need to know . Blue ... Blue ? The epsilon series data is rising very quickly some unknow signal is hacking into the computer medical system . Stabilize life support system ! Find the signal source ! Lock on the Alien signal . It 's from Wesley The radiation center has been activated He can 't handle the radiation . Free him now ! Sister , you go first . Let me stay . We still have a chance . Tan ! What the hell is that ? I don 't know . Let 's check it out ! Right You freeze ! What is that ? I never thought I would have the chance to visit , The Area 51 of Double X Unit Area 51 is the nation 's top secret location . All suspect identities will be treated as aliens . They 'll be killed without hesitation . So , it 's best if you follow me . Okay . I was only joking . I 've always thought that if I could be friends with aliens , I can also be your friend . Are you interested in going inside to shake hands with the friends from Planet G3396 ? I could let you in . No , thank you . A Grade combatant is incomparable . No need to be that cool . What is " Blue " ? Blue colour . I know . The blood is blue colour . What are you doing ? Mr Wilson Wesley , I 'm pleased to meet you ! Nice to meet you too . I think I gotta to say thank you for saving me . Saving you wasn 't the issue . It wasn 't us . It was a signal coming from your brain . You made 2 billion dollar super computer your slave Ordering it to generate radioactive energy we have never seen before You saved yourself . It 's fantastic . Fantastic ? Am I ? It 's the blue-blood beings Yes . It was she or he who destroyed the beings in the planet A13788488 Blue-blood beings They could be coming from a planet in a constellation Orion You seen to know them well ? I 'm not quite sure . But have you heard about amplify ? It 's a kind of communication Mentally communication No dimension , anywhere , anytime . They also can share their happiness , bitterness . And even sex , I think . Sorry . I got their kind of feelings . It 's so real . It 's real . They got unlimited mental power Amplify makes she and I , one and the same . Then she took over my mind to assist this medical computer That 's just fantastic ! Although I 'll have to witness the mind melding process myself Of course you can . My mind contains their memory If Smith , Toloth , Seto members of double X unit they can exercise their telepathy together to amplify my brain waves Maybe ... Maybe we can work together to detect them , the blue-blood beings . Mr Wesley understands our unit well . You 'll make arrangements , Mr Pak , please . Thanks a lot . Dr Kwok notified us that the database is complete I believe we can put it to good used immediately Wait a minute , Mr Wilson I want to talk to you about Dr. Kwok Dr. Kwok is the most amazing Chinese scientist I have ever met It does take an advanced country Like the United States to indulge him The supper computer has information for over 50 million planetary species It is now officially operational Warning ! The following creature from outer space is extremely dangerous ! Alert ! Hell ! Let me wipe out you Earthlings ! So , Dr Kwok has disappeared All his educational qualification proved false . He is wanted in 5 countries including the U.S. for fraud You know what I think ? Only in America can a con man pull this off But that 's the way you like it , right ? Mr Wesley , we three have never had to operate our telepathic power together before I hope you can tolerate it . Easy , baby . Ready ? How about you ? OK . Start now . What did you see ? The Qing Dynasty Emperor , Qian Lung . You see anything else ? The 8 Allied Armies commander-in - Chief Dewassy ? So she was the Fragrant Concubine and Zai Jin Hua ? She came here at least 200 years ago . Bingo ! Hide there , honey ? Honey , are you okay ? What is this Chinese flirting ? You bitch ! You bitch ! This time you 're not go anywhere What ? Who is it ? My name is Wesley ! Get your perfective ass back to your office ! Terrible pain . Where am I ? Miss , are you alright ? Let me introduce , my name is Wesley . Are you Wesley ? Don 't tell anybody . I followed the aliens to here , it 's fate that I save you . If you are really Wesley , I 've got something to ask ... No problem , but I 'll take you back first . There is a smell of aliens here , it 's not too safe . What ? You think I want to take advantage of you ? Wesley is not like this . No .. . No .. You drive then . It 's better that you drive . I 've driven space ships , jet-fighters submarines , but not cars . , . so you should drive . Mr Wesley , please sit . okay . Thank goodness there is still a fool who believes me . This time , there is somewhere for me to stay . Otherwise , I 'll be caught and shot by the FBI . Mr Wesley , please have a drink . Are you the Wesley who 's familiar with the outer space ? Of course ... do you have anything to eat ? Yes ... Yes . Mr Wesley . If you are really Wesley ... I 'm not afraid to tell you but I am actually . A Blue-blood Star being . What star ? The Blue-blood Star . In your astronomy terms , this star is called planet MB7312442 . Which is near Orion . this silly girl , must have eaten too many hot dogs . I know , that 's right . On a clear night , we can find it with our naked eyes . In fact . . I 've been here for more than 200 years . You 're really keeping well . Mr Wesley . I need your help . Sure , I always help pretty girls . Really ? Just wait for me ... very quick . Wa ! She 's really crazy . I should seduce her . Then force her to be a strip-tease dancer . I 'll become rich . I 've been looking for him for more than 200 years . Until today , I found this hand bone . He 's my brother . Long time ago , an accident happened to my space ship . and I escaped . In the end ... I couldn 't find him . So sad ... Mr Wesley I know you 're extra-ordinary . So . . I hope that you would be able to find his bones . I don 't want him to die in a foreign land . No problem , Wesley 's friends are all over the universal . As long as you give me enough information . I will find him no matter how he became ashes . What do you want to know ? I 'll start from 200 hundreds years ago ... No need , no need ... Haven 't you heard of " tongue heart communication " ? It 's a kind of mental communication method in a non-physical state . As long as you let me place my tongue into your month . I 'll be able to get enough information . I never know this before . Of course , you don 't know . This is my own theory . You need to practice it hard . But , I 've decided to teach you . We already checked Wesley brain wave . Location confirm . You 've already so ex cited and I haven 't placed my tongue inside yet . Amongst the aliens , you 're the most licentious . Come on ... come on ... come . ! Amongst the Earthlings , you 're the cheapest ! Let me castrate you lousy fat man ! You again ? Why are you always disturbing me ? I am not doing this on purpose . I am Wesley . Wesley ? Watch out ! Wilson ... What the hells going on ? You bastard ! Mr Wilson , what 's happening ? You have a new mission The blue-blood being will be arrived here in 40 minutes I want a detail analysis . Don 't missing even a one cell . The Double X unit is responsible for defense and communication with the aliens , what you 're doing now It 's not permitted ! I know . But ... Miss Fong ... Miss Fong , there are two cops looking for you , honey . Where is Fong ? How should I know ? I just collect the rent . I 'm not her nanny . This person 's brain doesn 't know the information we need . Everybody , I am a man from Barotan planet to invade the earth . I believe you also come here to invade the earth . We 're allies . Let 's kill all the Earthlings , good ! Goodbye ! Why are you hiding in the wardrobe ? That 's not a wardrobe ... that 's my space ship . Wait ... do you want to find Fong ? I know where she is ... I 'll bring you there ... Trust me ... I am the most honest person on earth . I am well known for never telling lies . Wilson , let her go Mr Wilson . The targets mantual power is very strong We can 't find a way to scan or analyze her brain waves or body structure . Raise the energy . Keep analyzing . Mr Wilson I think you 'd better stop it ! What will the U.N. think ? The U.S. has the most freedom , and the darkest secrets Even if the United Nations find out they can do nothing , without America 's consent But congress find out , the president will close down the Double X unit Listen , he 's not a fan of congress when he has a secret of blue-blood beings ' mental power , then he 's got a weapon that 's a hundred times greater than any nuclear device By then , Double X will not matter and this gentleman will be even more powerful than the president Are you clear ? Wesley , you have one option Enter the mind of the blue-blood being and gather all her memories Retrieving the data from your mind will be simple Not only Chinese know Chinese Kung Fu Freeze ! Wilson , you are out of control The FBI will conduct a hearing Stop this and let him go . Now ! Take them to detention ! Wesley , you forced me to do this Accelerate the process ! Yes sir ! No ! No ... No ! Wesley ... Wesley ... Sorry , got you into trouble . Are you angry ? Are you still here ? From now on , my name is Fong . How come you can give up your life ? For a alien , like me ? I don 't know . I only know ... You are the only woman that I have vivid memories of . Don 't tell me that you 're not a woman . You are thinking of him again ? It 's Tan ... my brother . We came from planet Orion , the brightest star . Dark Blue . there are no wars diseases . It 's the most peaceful , quietest place that I 've ever seen . 600 years ago , Tan I have been searching for the missing Blue-blood bible . We left Dark Blue . On our way back , we met the meteor shower . And we were forced to land on earth . Since the , Tan I lost each other . You mean ... That set of the blue bones is Tan ? Yes . These 600 years had been a hard time for you . I only know , being a woman on earth is not easy . Over these years ... There 's only two men who can give me the same feeling as yours . What kind of feeling ? I don 't know how to explain . Let me feel it . I want a reasonable explanation If not , I will pursue it with my superior as best I can . Answer me ! Mr Wilson , if you can 't explain what you did I 'll notify the Department of Defense ... to hold and internal hearing on the matters of Blue-blood and Wesley I 'm sure you know what the outcome ... Fine . What I can tell you is the plan started when the Japan office caught the first Blue-blood being 20 years ago . We got the Blue-blood being 's hand bone as bait so Fong came to us I cut it from her brother , I want every one of Blue-blood 's secrets So Wesley 's life doesn 't matter ? Mr Wesley is not part of our plan , He 's an accident , an obstacle I was kind enough not to kill him One more thing , there 's no need for a hearing as our superior knows everything better than I do . You have just heard a top national defense secret . You have two choice : One , join us and become part of the plan . Two , keep the secret to yourself . But I believe only the dead keep their mouths shut . You 've still got time to think about it . But if you can 't make up your mind , I will I can 't tell which is my feeling . Me too . You really need some rest . You too . Don 't worry , I 'll definitely bring you as well . Are we dreaming the same dream ? I wonder what kind of dream we are dreaming ? I know . How are you doing ? They are my friends , they just want to take a look and have a cup of coffee Come on , guys ! Move it ... Move ! Come on , move ! Freeze ! Fire ! Retreat ... Fire ! Fong , can you contact me ? Squad one . Emergency unit . Report on your status ! No answer , completely lost touch . Verify internal location Shut down the passage way , activate the automatic tracker everyone else prepare to evacuate . The Alien moving too fast , the position can 't be verify . Get me the secretary of defense . Evacuate ! Now ! Do it ! Self-destruct will commence in 5 minutes . Fong ! Can you contact me ? Wesley . the Double X Unit will explode soon ! Run ! Are you alright ? I am alright . That 's good . I 'm fine . Thanks . There 's no time left , ... run ! Wilson , go ! The alien is coming ! No , he is " kill " . Follow me ! Self-destruct will commence in 3 minutes . Follow him ! Why ? Didn 't you know that he 's best at escaping . We are allies . I 'll go with you to kill the earthlings . I 'll never need to go on a diet again . Wesley , lie down ! Self-destruct will commence in 20 seconds . Be careful , Sue ! Run ! Run ! Self-destruct will commence in 10 seconds . 9 \ 8 \ 7 \ 6 \ 5 ... 4 \ 3 \ 2 \ 1 0 So far , I don 't like Pak that much . Until this moment . When I found out that he can 't express himself . A true man . Finally , Fong and I returned to Hong Kong . While Sue stayed in America . to arrange her brother 's funeral . Mr Wesley Double X has started an internal investigation of what you encountered in area 51 We 'll provide 3A Headquarters of the United Nations and give you a reasonable explanation as soon as possible . I 'm not interested in that . I only want to know ... Where the Blue blood beings that you found in Japan are now . Our office doesn 't have ! Sue will join 3A after taking care of her brother 's Funeral . So if you want to confront her in the United Nations I 'll be more than happy to follow suit Wesley , what do you really want ? You know what , I wanna to see the Blue Blood beings that you found . Sorry . There 's nothing that we can do about it . We 're trying to find him too . Thank you . What 's wrong ? Thinking of Dark Blue again ? Dark Blue is quite good . no revenge , no tears . We earthlings really enjoy . I want to go too . Unfortunately , Warlock Toxin Gang has invaded Dark Blue . Warlock Toxin Gang ? Were they the two person arrested by you ? Warlock Toxin is the cruelest invader in the entire universe . Their reproducing ability is very strong . They can inhibit in any living thing . I 'll handle them with Tan . Tried to find the lost Blue-blood bible of the Fairy Planet . The Blue-blood bible is the result of our wise ancestors ' thought . It can fight against any evil . Although I 've found it , but it 's a pity that I am the only one Blue-blood being left in this universe . No ... .Tan is not dead yet ! Really . Tan was caught by the Double X Unit in Japan . but he escaped during the process of the experiment . From tomorrow , I will find him with you . Using your strong brain waves . I think if he is nearby . You sure be sense him . Don 't worry , I will accompany with you . Until we found a way to bring you back to Dark Blue . I wonder when will that day come . Very soon . Nowadays , the technology on earth develops very fast . Seventy years . Seventy years ? Seventy years later , may be I won 't ... Be here any more ... . Then ... You are my life ... We aliens don 't have ... You don 't have ? Then , what shall we do ? Actually , I really want to , but I 'm worried that you 'll be scared . Scared of what ? Fong . Coffee . Be careful , it 's hot . I 'm alien . I don 't drink coffee . Just try it . Then , I 'll smell it . He 's here . What happened ? He 's here ! Warlock Toxin Gang . No . It 's him . Tan ! Tan ! Why do you have so many secrets ? Blue-blood beings are not like this . Because except for Warlock Toxin Gang . Earthings thoughts will also pollute Blue-blood beings . Not everyone . People can be good or bad , but all Warlock Toxin Gang are the same . Mr Wesley is very interested in aliens . Thanks for looking after Celia . Human 's power is limited . I 'm just trying my best . What are you doing ? I 've learnt one thing from the earthlings . That is machination . Wesley . Fong ! Are you alright ? Have you seen Fong ? I only saw you lying in the garden . Where do you want to go ? Fong is in danger . So ? You don 't even know where she is ? Calm down or else you 'll never seen Fong again . You don 't understand . You don 't even know what 's happening . I know . I came last night . I understand how you feel . But , for Fong 's safety , you must think carefully . According to reliable source , the special unit never give up Fong . Do you understand what I 'm saying ? I understand , that 's why I can 't just stand here and not do anything . I think in this world . Apart from you , there 's another person who I can trust , he can help me to find Fong . Uncle Wesley ! Why are you so unhappy ? Uncle lost a very important person . Blue Blooded being ? When she was three years old , her parents died in a car crash . But two days later , many people saw her parents ' corpses was playing with her in the nursery . She has very strong spiritual power . But Uncle Wesley told me that my parents were actually suffering more . So after that I was never naughty again . Come one , Uncle Wesley , give your hands to me . Tan , are you sure you 've seen the Warlock Toxin Gang before ? Yes , I 've seen them . They even promised me . As long as we give back the Blue Blooded bible they 'll send us back to " Dare Blue " . And they will stay on earth . By then , we can rebuild our home . Warlock Toxin Gang is not trust-worthy . It 's better than earthlings . Look at what they did to me . In order to get our blue-blood power . They 'll do all kind of mean tricks . In order to attract your attention , they chopped my hands . Comparing to Warlock Toxin Gang , human being are more scary . Tan , not all Earthlings are like this . Human genes are low grade . No matter how they evolve , there 's no good man . Earth should be the place for the Warlock Toxin Gang . You better think about it clearly . But Warlock Toxin Gang is coming very soon . You should know more than me how they treat their enemy . Uncle Wesley . I can 't contact that Miss . Let 's try again . No . Miss , how about ... you help us . But I don 't know how to perform spiritual response . As long as you are thinking of helping Uncle Wesley . This is a very strong spiritual power already . Please help us . Thank you . Wesley . Fong . Wesley . Tell me ... . where are you now ? I 'll come to find you immediately . Fong , why aren 't you saying anything ? It 's enough that I can see you once again . Don 't come to see me again . You can 't go back to Dark Blue . I will stay with you for the rest of my life . I can 't live without you ... No ! I know . I can totally feel your feelings . and you also know my feeling . I don 't want anything happen to you , Wesley . I really don 't want to see my loved one died in front of me again . I am an Alien . Shouldn 't have any affection with Earthlings at the beginning . We can be together forever . No ! It 's impossible . I can still live for 600 years ... but you ? How can you leave me alone for another 600 years ? We 'll be in each other 's memory forever . I don 't want the Earth to turn into another Dark Blue . I have to destroy Warlock Toxin Gang . Fong , you cannot do that on your own . Have you ever thought about ... there 's someone like me who loves you deeply ? Now all four of us are in a dimension of thought . Don 't you know how Sue feels ? Wesley , no . Don 't listen to what I 'm thinking . . no . ! Sue 's brother is dead . In here heart , you are the only one she can reply trust . She belongs to your world . Don 't say anymore ! I 'm not . I 'm not . Wesley , Goodbye . Fong . Fong ! Fong ! Are you alright ? I 'm fine , just very tired . You go and follow " it " . " It " will take you to your Miss . Go , Uncle Wesley . I feel that she 'll be in danger . Go quickly ! Go ! Take care of her for me . Okay . Wesley Be careful ! We cannot blame him . None of us have realized that , he is already a hopeless Blue Blooded being . Where is the Blue Blooded bible ? I 'll give it back to you once we return to Dark Blue . The Blue Blooded bible has a spiritual power . Except for my sister , no one knows where it is . I have no more patience Tan ... Sorry , sister . I can 't wait , too . Where 's the Blue Blooded bible ? I won 't give it to you even if I die . It doesn 't matter even if you don 't tell me . I 'll just get it straight from your brain . Be careful ! Run ! Come ! Run ! The Blue Blooded bible is here ! Wesley , can you do ' node pointing " ? Close your Hei-Hoi node ! Mid-stomach node ! Wesley , the Blue Blooded bible is in this ring . To destroy Warlock Toxin , you need to use the bible 's purifying power . What should I do ? Think with me , together ! I cannot let Earth turn into another Dark Blue . Are you okay ? I 'll disappear . And turn into energy and bring the bible back to Dark Blue . I won 't let you leave me . Remember , in July every year when the weather is fine , look at the Fairy star . If you see a star shinning out blue light , then that means , I have returned to Dark Blue . Didn 't you say you 'll wait with me for this day ? Wesley . . Sue will continue my love for you on Earth . And all the memories you gave me . will be in the depths of the universe-existing . Goodbye , Wesley . No one will know ... . in the boundless universe . How many different life forms existed . But every time I look up to the Dark Blue sky . I feel that in the universe . other living organism and I have the same thoughts same feelings . At that moment time , space are no longer important . Because I know human beings are definitely not isolated in the Universe
