 There is an intruder at the lower hall . Situation under control . Roger Is everything all right ? I repeat : all right ? Next Level presents Codename sparrow Squad G-B-F , do you copy ? Report ASAP I repeat , ASAP Who 's there ? Halt ! I have a nightstick ! Surrender ! A Jalmari Helander movie How are you feeling ? What the hell are you ? Thunder That man is me . Akseli Ukkonen . Ten years ago I disappeared . Vanished without a trace . I led a project named Die Seligkeit in a company called Generator in East-Germany . I had to quit , for the purpose of my research was quite different than what I had thought . I tried to take with me the devices I had developed . I wanted Die Seligkeit to stop . I failed . I was executed at the corridors of my workplace . One bullet destroyed the X-ray generator I was carrying . It caused a massive nuclear reaction . Don 't ask me what happened then . I have no idea how I survived . I had been transferred to somewhere else . I witnessed the complete destruction of the whole factory area . Bullets hadn 't left a trace in me . Otherwise I was in top condition but I was glowing like a gene-manipulated firefly . For a moment I thought I was going to die . Maybe it would have been the easiest thing for everyone . I had become a physiological impossibility . A radioactive man . Perilous to the environment . The next step of evolution , maybe . A new kind of man . My condition was stable , though difficult . After having roamed around the world i returned back to Finland . I thought that I could have returned to my former life . Insane . My mere presence would have killed Katariina . A radioactive man is always alone . My life .. was over . It was clear to me that there was but one choice left . It was time to go . My exemplary career as a scientist had driven me into a dead-end . All I had ever wanted to do , destroyed me . I had decided to end it all . But then , another miracle took place . Something didn 't allow me to conclude this yet . All the pieces fell into their places . Nothing is random . Generator still existed . I was shown a sign . Generator will pay for this . I have collected some firm evidence of the present state of project Die Seligkeit . Fact one : The project still goes on . It has not been eliminated . Fact two : The development unit of the project has been relocated to Finland . The work I started is being carried on . Fact four : I am still alive . Soon I 'm gonna make something happen ! Somebody has to direct the show . Somebody has to be the hero . The employees of Generator . Misled cattle . Happily ignorant of the of the great machinery whose wheels they are rolling . Pathetic little rats . Just like me ten years ago . This crusade will not end until complete redemption has been achieved . Radiation alert . Personnel to the disinfection facilities . Fuck . Maybe I am too hasty . My radiation will trigger off the alarms within seconds . I have to be calmer . In this phase aggressions have to be directed to the maximization of muscular power . Systematic work always leads to results . I sow the seeds of destruction like a ghost . Known to no-one . Even this bastard has no idea of what is really going on in here . This isn 't easy though . Iodine keeps the occasional seizures at bay but the risk of getting caught is damn real . Judging by the extent of the security measures I have been right all along . Mercenaries are guarding the facility . The goal of Die Seligkeit seems to be to create a mass destruction device based on X-rays . Yes yes .. The mainframe of Generator 's network is in my hands . A few wires here and there and soon every press of a button will be recorded . The big brother is watching . Indeed . The computers i 've built are decrypting the top secret files of Die Seligkeit bit by bit . Everything will be crystal clear . Sooner or later the information leak will be discovered . I have to be ready . Generator will make every attempt to stop the truth from being told . My body , the instrument of revenge , is now a deadly weapon . Their doom is at hand . Copying .. My abilities were exploited . I was never aware of the goals of the project . Now Generator works by the same principle . The talents of hundreds of scientists have been harnessed to immoral projects . And now , very soon .. I can prove this all to you . Three , two , one .. Files copied There it is ! An X-ray cannon . Here 's the proof ! Goddamn I was right ! Harmless basic research .. Bullshit ! The last trombone has played it 's tunes ! Sending a virus Virus sent Fires in sectors 18 , 33 and 42 . Danger of explosions in sectors 34 , 35 , 36 , 37 . Die Seligkeit to be transferred to a refrigerating container . The temperature of the core has reached critical mass . Database destroyed News Good evening . Energy corporation Generator 's factory complex located in Finland has been fully destroyed . The catastrophe has effectively paralyzed the entire operation of the corporation . So far no information has been gathered of the saboteur or the motive . All observations of the man caught on the security camera are to be reported to police . You need to explain to Katariina that what I did was justified . And tell her that I love her . But I never may be able to return to her . I have been given a mission , i have to go through with it alone . Now it is time to go . In approximately eight and a half hours I will be located . Everyone has to be responsible for one 's own actions . Including me . If something should happen to me , i want this tape to be published . Goodbye . This is the moment I have been waiting for . Now it begins . I copy . Do not shoot the target . Consequences unknown . A squad is on it 's way . Over . One floor down . My conscience is now guiltless . Generator no longer exists . The last remnants of the research have been burnt to the ground . The tape I recorded will prove everything if necessary . A former friend shall take care of it . Wanted it or not . Everything has a meaning . I have a mission now . Companies like Generator are everywhere . I can affect things , for I am Akseli Ukkonen . Officially I am dead . Subtitles courtesy of Artisti ; - )
