 - [ Gunfire ] - [ Grunts ] - [ Groans ] - [ Man ] Give it up , Mulder ! - You 've got no chance ! - Damn it . My sniper zombies are everywhere . [ Grunting ] I 'll offer you a deal . You give me the Lazarus Bowl , and I 'll give you Scully . Mulder ! How ' bout this deal ? You give me Scully , I don 't smash the Lazarus Bowl and shove the pieces ... where the Son of God don 't shine , you cigarette-smoking mackerel snapper . I break the Lazarus Bowl , and all your sniper zombies ... go back to being good little well-behaved corpses . [ Grunting ] You don 't fool me , Mulder . That bowl is your Holy Grail . Encoded in its ancient ceramic grooves are the words Jesus spake ... when he raised Lazarus from the dead . Still capable of raising the dead 2,000 years later . Proof positive of the paranormal . You can no sooner destroy that than let the redhead die . Come on , man . Don 't break the bowl . We don 't wanna go back to being dead . There 's no food , no women , no dancing . Save the bowl , and we 'll dump that ciggy-smoking stooge for you . And you 'll be the new king of the dead . I 'd rather serve in heaven than rule in hell . [ Both Grunting ] [ Both Panting ] Is that your flashlight , Mulder , or are you just happy to be lying on top of me ? - [ Scattered Laughter ] - My flashlight . - [ Panting ] - [ Moans ] - Oh , that . [ Laughter ] For seven long years I 've been waiting for just the right moment , Scully . Oh , you 're a sick man , Mulder . Go on . I love you , Scully . No ifs , ands or ... " Bs . " [ Groans ] [ Kissing Continues ] Yesterday a small pipe bomb ripped through the crypt of Christ 's Church here in D.C. There were no casualties , no thefts , no note making any demand . - Who 's taking credit for it ? - Nobody . She : Jodie Foster 's foster child on a Payless budget . He 's like a Jehovah 's Witness meets Harrison Ford 's Witness . Uh , Christ 's Church . Isn 't that Cardinal O 'Fallon 's church ? Yes , O 'Fallon 's residence is adjacent to the crypt . - Who 's Cardinal O 'Fallon ? - Cardinal " O 'Fallen " perhaps . Um , he 's one of the most powerful men in the Church today . His name often comes up as a possibility for the first American pope . - [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Oh . I don 't wanna be myopic , but this looks like a straight-up terrorist act for the A.T.F. - " Myopic . " - [ Cell Phone Ringing ] Yes , it does . - [ Ringing Continues ] - Are you gonna answer your phone ? - Me ? - Yeah . I didn 't wanna be rude . - Sir , who the hell is this guy ? - Hello . This is Wayne Federman . He 's an old buddy of mine from college . He 's a writer out in Hollywood now and he 's working on a F.B.I. - based movie . - He 's asked me to give him access . - A screenwriter ? It 's actually writer / producer . That 's actually just a hindrance / pain in the neck . Yo , yo , yo . Agent Mulder , I don 't wanna eat your lunch . I 'm just here for some procedural flavor . Just a taste . I have no idea what you just said . Well , the Skin man 's filled me in on your particular bent . He said that you come at things maybe a little farkatke , a little Star Trekkie , which is the exact vibe I 'm looking for for this thing I 'm doing . It 's a Silence of the Lambs meets Greatest Story Ever Told type thing . It 's ... beautiful and I will not be in your way . I 'll be strictly Heisenbergian . A hologram . Agent Mulder , Mr. Federman will accompany you today to Christ 's Church ... where he will act as an observer on this case . You will extend to him every courtesy and protection you would a friend of the bureau 's . Agent Scully , I require your services here for the morning . [ Laughs ] Sir , have I pissed you off ... in a way that 's more than normal ? - Just curious if she 's more than your partner . - Enough , Wayne . Hey , whatever . [ Bells Chiming ] Cardinal O 'Fallon , can you think of anyone who might make an attempt on your life ? The Church always has enemies , Agent Mulder . The size of the bomb would have limited its destruction to just the crypt itself . - Is there anything down there worth targeting ? - Not really . Just some old bones , artifacts , relics , documents that we store down there in the cold . I like to think of it as God 's refrigerator . - That 's a great line . - Thank you . - God 's refrigerator . - Wayne , shut up . [ O 'Fallon ] No treasures to the outside world . Things of negligible monetary value , but great spiritual value to the Church ... ancient devotional texts , medieval relics . How ' bout the Shroud ofTurin ? No , I 'm afraid not . But we do have the bathrobe of St. Peter . - You 're kidding ? - Yes , I am . - That 's a good line . - Thank you . Wayne , shut up . Who comes down to the crypt here ? Only myself . A half a mile of catacombs here . I like to walk here during lunch . That 's where the bomb went off . Well , my instinct , Cardinal , is to see this desecration of the dead less as a murder attempt ... and more as a terrorist act . - [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - A message ... - Uh , this isn 't me . I think it 's you . - [ Ringing Continues ] Excuse me . That 's , uh ... That 's not me . Let me check . Not me . We never get reception here . [ Ringing Continues ] [ Ringing Continues ] Would that be St. Jude 's cell phone , Cardinal ? No . That 's Micah Hoffman . [ Ringing Stops ] Micah Hoffman , Willie Mays and Frank Serpico . That 's my holy trinity , Scully . Of course I 'm too young to remember , but ... wasn 't he some kind of a ' 60s campus radical like a Jerry Rubin or a Mario Savio ? Name a ' 60s counterculture movement and Micah Hoffman was at or near the center of it . He was one of the original Weathermen . He was the first Yippie . He was a better poet than Ginsberg . And he was also the starting shortstop for his Columbia baseball team . - Then in the ' 70s , didn 't he go real low profile ? - Right after Altamont . - He was never heard from again . - The Stones get blamed for everything . - I don 't get it . - This should be it here . What did Skinner want you for this morning ? Just paperwork . Mm-hmm . - Mulder , we should have a warrant . - It 's only the Constitution . No big deal . - Wow . - " Dis-Feng-Shui . " Mulder , sorry to denigrate a third of your trinity , but it looks like Hoffman was killed by one of his own bombs . Well , from Dharma Bum to Dharma Bomb . [ Mulder ] I knew Hoffman was a master potter . Well , it appears he was a master calligrapher as well . Look , Mulder , we 've got gum arabic and sodium hydroxide here . Whew ! These would be used to , uh ... to age the ink and the paper prematurely . It 's a forger 's trick . Well , from counterculture to counterfeiter . All right , one more pun and I pull out my gun . Scully , look at that . " Cristos . " Looks like a religious text . Can you read Greek at all ? Well , it 's pretty rusty . But it looks like some kind of lost gospel . A gospel of Mary Magdalene . And " An Account of Christ 's Life on Earth After the Resurrection . " - After ? - Yeah . It 's a heretical text , Mulder . Mythical I should say , but long rumored to be in existence . What would Micah Hoffman be doing with heretical religious texts ? I think the question is , what would Hoffman be doing forging them ? Ay-yi-yi . I think the real question , Agents , is what might O 'Fallon be doing with Hoffman 's forgeries ? You don 't need a Weatherman to know which way the wind blows . Don 't shoot ! I like the way you guys work ... no warrants , no permission , no research . You 're like studio executives with guns . Should I call you Agent Mulder or Mr. Mulder ... - or do you have a nickname or something like that ? - Shh , shh ! [ Rattling ] Like Skin man ? Just ignore me . What 's that ? Looks like the same Gospel of Mary Scully I.D. ' d over at Hoffman 's place . So , is this a forgery or is this the real thing ? Well , there is no real Gospel of Mary , Federman . The original would be a fake . All right . So is this a real fake or a fake fake ? - [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - [ Gasps ] It 's me . Yes ? Nothing new . No , I can hear you . It 's just your voice is ... There 's like a crackly sound and then I hear the syllables . - Stop yelling . Yelling isn 't helping the situation . - Hmm . Just talk . You 're breaking up . No . Let me call you back . Okay . Yeah , I 'm telling you . I 'm going through a crypt . - [ Gasps ] Wow . Oh , my God . [ Scully ] Now , Wayne , I 'm sure that it was dark in there ... and that your eyes were playing tricks on you . And you 've been influenced by ghost stories and horror movies ... that take place in crypts and graveyards . And you hallucinated this vision of these dancing bones ... trying to reconstruct this bowl . No , I didn 't hallucinate . That was mechanical or C.G.I. Federman , that wasn 't a movie . That was real life . The difference being ? Well , I have got my flavor here . - So , I appreciate all your help . I 've got a movie to write . - You 're leaving ? - You don 't wanna get to the bottom of this ? - Not especially . Well , you know , sometimes truth can be stranger than fiction . Well , fiction is quicker than truth and cheaper . You want my advice ? You 're both crazy . Why do you say that ? Well , you 're crazy for believing what you believe and ... you 're crazy for not believing what he believes . I 'll leave you with that . Thank you . I miss him already . You know , Mulder , I know that Federman 's B.S. Ing you . So I 'm really hesitant to mention this . But , um , his story reminds me of the Lazarus Bowl . The Lazarus Bowl ? We had this wacky nun in Catholic school ... Sister Callahan . We used to call her Sr. Spooky 'cause she would tell us scary stories all the time . Twisted Sister . That 's my kind of nun , you know . Well , she would hold up an old piece of wood with a rusty nail in it . And she would say , " This is an actual piece of the cross Christ 's wrist was nailed to . " Or she 'd show us a vial of red liquid ... and say that it was john the Baptist 's blood or something . She 'd be in prison today . You realize that ? Well , she would tell this story of when jesus raised Lazarus from the dead . And she said that there was this old woman who was Lazarus 's aunt or something , - Lazarus 's aunt ? - Who was spinning a clay bowl on a wheel nearby . And that Christ 's words , the actual incantation to raise the dead , were recorded in the clay grooves of the pottery ... just like the way music is recorded into vinyl . You see ? It 's just not true you can 't get good science at Catholic school . It 's a lie . Well , Sr. Spooky ... says that these words in the clay ... still have the power to raise the dead just likeJesus raised Lazarus . That is a very cool story coming from you , Scully . I 'll have Chuck Burks meet you over at my office . See if this clay has Christ 's greatest hits on it . And I 'm gonna ... I 'm gonna go have another audience with Cardinal O 'Fallon . [ Machine Humming ] There 's music in the air , Agent Scully . See , everything that exists vibrates , and therefore sings ... the street , your internal organs , electricity , everything . Here , I 'll show you . You see ? This is my voice bouncing around in the red here . And all this yellow is ambient sound that we habitually tune out . It 's the hum of my hardware , Mulder 's porn tapes on pause , sounds from the street . Everything we hear but we don 't know we hear ... I can hear it with this machine . Oh . What is it ? Who made this ? We 're not sure . Either a forger by the name of Micah Hoffman ... or , uh , someone else in the vicinity ofJesus Christ . " Buzzinga . " Whoever did it is some kind of a musical genius . This clay is vibrating in all the keys at once . It 's heavenly . [ Mulder ] Can you translate what it says there for me , please ? Did you recover them from the crypt ? Yes . " And then Jesus took his beloved Mary Magdalene in an embrace . " An embrace not of God and woman , but of man and woman . " And Jesus said to Mary , 'Love the body ... " ' for it is all of the soul ... that our senses can perceive . " ' And how about these ? These appear to be copies of the original . - Rough drafts . - How ? They 're all forgeries , sir . Did you buy these from Micah Hoffman ? I thought they were real . Yeah , I can understand that . Hoffman was a master . My partner had them analyzed , and they 're indistinguishable from the real thing . The paper is authentic , the ink , the hand , the diction , everything . Hoffman was also an explosives expert . Do you have any idea what he might have been doing with a bomb in the crypt ? Can you think of anybody who might have wanted to kill Micah Hoffman ? No . Why were you hiding the documents , sir ? When Micah came to me ... with these , as I then thought ancient texts , and our experts verified them , it exploded a bomb in my heart . The Christ that I loved was not the Christ in these texts . So you bought them in order to hide them . To keep others from feeling the despair ... and the anger that I felt . To protect people from what I can now see they needed no protection from . Why didn 't you just destroy the documents yourself ? I thought they were real . I hated them . I despised them . I would have liked to destroy them , but I couldn 't . Is being made a fool of a crime , Agent Mulder ? I 'd be doing life if it were , sir . - [ Ringing ] - Scully . [ Mulder ] Hey , Scully , it 's me . Can you horn in on the Hoffman autopsy for me ? - Why ? - I got a feeling Hoffman was dead before he died . He was blackmailing O 'Fallon with those forgeries . Maybe O 'Fallon retaliated . Mulder , this bowl ... Your buddy Chuck Burks says that it has properties he 's never seen before . - [ Line Beeps ] - Hold on a second . That 's my other line . - Mulder . - [ Federman ] Agent Mulder ? It 's Wayne / Federman out in L.A. - I can 't talk about the case . - That 's all right . Skin man 's keeping me in the loop . Listen . Who do you see playing you in the movie ? - I 'm in the movie ? - It 's a character loosely based on you . - It 's more of an amalgamation . - Hold on a second , Wayne . - Sr. Spooky , I gotta take this . - I 'll call you after the autopsy . Thanks . - How ' bout Richard Gere ? - [ Laughing Hysterically ] Yeah , okay . Seriously . What if I said to you the name Garry Shandling ? Wayne , you 're breaking up . It sounded like you said Garry Shandling . Garry Shandling signed on to play the amalgamation loosely based on you . And Tea Leoni 's playing the amalgamation loosely based on your partner . You stud . The movie 's called The Lazarus Bowl . - How do you know about the Lazarus Bowl ? - The Skin man . Listen , Shandling and Leoni wanna meet you guys . Get your flavor . It 's an actor type thing . Come on out to the studio on our dime . We 'll make it nice . Hey , who 's ... Well , then who 's gonna play Skinner in the movie ? - Richard Gere . - [ Stammering ] Fracturing of skull and surface abrasions ... initially consistent with concussive force injuries . I am , uh , now weighing the heart which is ... relatively normal , although somewhat large . - I 'm gonna need that when you 're done with it . - [ Gasps ] Oh , my God ! Hoo-yeah ! - Who are you ? - I am who I am . Uh-uh . [ Speaking Latin ] Ow ! Damn it ! What 'd you find , Scully ? In Micah Hoffman 's stomach there were traces of red wine and strychnine . Man , oh , Manischewitz . Communion wine I bet . I bet O 'Fallon poisoned Hoffman , then placed his body near the explosion to cover his tracks . That 's possible , Mulder . I could get a warrant for O 'Fallon . [ O 'Fallon ] You are the one God , living and true . Through all eternity you live an unapproachable life . Mulder , let 's allow the man some dignity , okay ? You fill your creatures with every blessing ... and lead all men to the joyful vision of your life . In our joy , we sing to your glory with all the choirs of angels . Holy , holy , holy Lord . God of power and might . Heaven and earth are full of your glory . Hosanna in the highest . Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord . Hosanna in the highest . [ Speaks Latin ] LordJesus Christ , you said to your apostles , " I leave you in peace . My peace I give you . " Let 's get this over with . And grant us the peace and unity of your kingdom . Amen . Augustine O 'Fallon , you 're under arrest for the murder of Micah Hoffman . - You have the right to remain silent . - Oh , my God . - Anything you say can and will be used against you in ... - Mulder . Do you see what I see ? Yes , I do . - [ Scully ] Is that Micah Hoffman ? - [ O 'Fallon ] Yes , it is . Misidentification of a corpse and subsequent unrequested autopsy . Sir , the dead man looked very much like Micah Hoffman . He had Hoffman 's I.D. On him . Agent Scully , if I 'm carrying Marilyn Monroe 's purse , do you assume that I slept with J.F.K. ? Agent Mulder , the F.B.I. Has always prided itself with the speedy expedition of cases . But this is the first time , and I hope you 're as proud of this as I am , that we 've ever attempted to pursue a murder case where the victim was still alive ! A bomb went off . A crime 's been committed . There 's a dead body nobody seems to give a damn about . O 'Fallon 's been less than forthcoming . And Hoffman at the very least is guilty of forgery and extortion . Agent Mulder , you will leave O 'Fallon alone . You will leave Hoffman alone ! Agent Scully , you 'll put your trigger-happy scalpel away ! Best case scenario , you get to keep your jobs . Worst case , O 'Fallon and the Church bring a huge embarrassing lawsuit against the bureau ... which will feature you two as the sacrificial lambs ! As of right now , I 'm forcing you to take a four-week leave , effective immediately pending review . I think this whole Richard Gere thing is going to Skinner 's head . - We 're off this case , Mulder . - [ Burks ] Compadres . I teased out something very fabulous from your pottery there . - Layered in under the ambience ... - [ Voice Speaking ] There . Guess what language that is . - Chuck , I 've had a bad day . - It 's a dead language . I had a linguist in here to listen to the recording . It 's Aramaic . That 's the language that Christ spoke . Did your , uh , linguist happen to translate it ? Yes , he did . It 's in two parts . The first part , here , roughly translates as , " I am the walrus . I am the walrus . Paul is dead . Goo goo g 'joob . " Although there is no Aramaic word for walrus . So it literally says , " I am the bearded cow-like sea beast . " - What 's the second part ? - The second part 's a little freakier . Here . - What is it ? - It appears to be one man ... commanding another to rise from the dead . [ Voice Continues ] Lazarus ? I am becomeJesus Christ . I am become skeptical . There I was totally bumming after Altamont . And I thought , throw in the towel and go to law school ... or continue to fight and become a forger of scandalous religious documents . I suppose that 's a choice every young , gifted , American male is faced with . I knew O 'Fallon from college . - He was a divinity professor of mine . - At Columbia ? Yeah . And he is a decent man , but with an overweening pride ... and sense of responsibility born of a fundamental ... lack of respect for the human animal . He believes in God , but not in man ... and man 's ability to choose to live in freedom . He has Christ in his brain , but not in his heart . [ Scoffs ] So , uh , you created a Christ ... in these forgeries that was more suited to your particular world view ? Yeah , but before I could write like Christ , I had to become him , in much the same way I imagine an actor who plays a part becomes that part . So I immersed myself in Jesus Christ . Not just the Church and teachings , but the man , the custom of his time , the language , the vibe , the feeling of Christ . So why didn 't O 'Fallon and the elders ... go outside the Church for authentification ? Because the forgeries are too damning of the Church . They couldn 't risk the exposure . But then ... something truly weird came over me . Remorse ? Conversion , Agent Scully . The lightning bolt ... that transformed Saul to Paul on the road to Damascus . One day , I was not just impersonating Jesus Christ , I had become him . That 's why I blew up the crypt . The forgeries were blasphemous and needed to be destroyed . How did your ... cell phone get on the dead man in the crypt ? God works in mysterious ways . God works in mysterious ways . [ Speaking Along With TV ] Well , as long as they can think , we 'll have our problems . But those whom they are using cannot think . They are the dead brought to assimilate life by our electrode attempts . - [ Knocking ] - It 's open ! You know , it 's an interesting thing when you consider ... you Earth people who can think ... are so frightened by those who cannot ... the dead . Couldn 't sleep either , huh ? - Plan 9 from Outer Space ? - Yeah . It 's the Ed Wood investigative method . This movie is so profoundly bad in such a childlike way ... that it hypnotizes my conscious critical mind ... and frees up my right brain to make socio-poetic leaps . And I started flashing on Hoffman and O 'Fallon . How there 's this archetypal relationship . Like Hoffman 's Jesus to O 'Fallon 's Judas . Or Hoffman 's Jesus to O 'Fallon 's Dostoyevsky 's grand inquisitor . Or Hoffman 's Jesus to O 'Fallon 's St. Paul . How ' bout Hoffman 's Roadrunner to O 'Fallon 's Wile E. Coyote ? - Mulder ? - Yeah ? Do you think it 's at all possible that Hoffman is reallyJesus Christ ? Are you making fun of me ? No . Well , no , I don 't . But crazy people can be very persuasive . Well , yes , I know that . Maybe true faith is really a form of insanity . - Are you directing that at me ? - No ! I 'm directing it at myself and at Ed Wood . Well , you know , even a broken clock is right 730 times a year . - How ... - Forty-two . - You 've seen this movie 42 times ? - Yes . Doesn 't that make you sad ? It makes me sad . - You ever been to Hollywood ? - A couple of times a few years ago . You 're going to be there in the morning . Just a few minutes from Hollywood in the town of San Fernando . Reports have come in of saucers flying so low ... You know , Scully , we 've got four-weeks probation vacation and nothing to do . And Wayne Federman 's invited us out to L.A. To watch his movie being filmed . And God knows I could use a little sunshine . Scully ? [ Scully ] California , here we come . - [ Bell Rings ] - [ Man ] Beep , beep . Agents ? So glad you could hang . Come on . I want you to meet the people that are gonna play you . - Garry Shandling , Tea Leoni , this is Agents Mulder and Scully . - It 's a pleasure . - Nice to meet you . Big fan . Fox Mulder . - No kidding ? You know , while I 've got you here , maybe , uh ... maybe you could show me how to run in these things . Right over here I was thinking 'cause , I tell you ... I mean , I 'm having a hell of a time with these heels . - Hey , uh ... - Hi . How are you ? Seriously , listen . Can I ask you something ? - Sure . - Do you dress to the left or to the right ? What ... What do you mean ? [ Clears Throat ] Look , when I play a character , I need to find his center , his sort of rudder , so to say . And then everything comes from that . Uh ... I guess mostly to the left . Mostly ? Most of the time . Most of the time ... to the left . Mm-hmm . Wardrobe ! - [ Bell Ringing ] - [ Man ] Rolling ! And " rollando . " Come on , now . Kick it in the ass . And action , zombies ! - [ Screaming ] - What is this ? - [ Director ] Cut . Go ahead , ruin my career . - What seems to be the problem ? What the hell is this ? What the hell 's in my mouth ? What is Tea Leoni 's shoulder made out of ? Craft services , what is Tea Leoni 's shoulder made of ? - Turkey , just like you asked for . - Turkey . - Miss Leoni 's shoulder 's made of turkey . - Tofu turkey ! Tofurkey ! I asked for Tofurkey ! I 'm a vegetarian ! Half the zombies are vegetarians ! Oh , my God ! The people are made out of turkey . - [ Mulder ] Hello ? - Mulder , it 's me . What are you doing ? I 'm , uh , working at the computer . What are you doing ? I 'm , uh , packing . Just getting ready for our trip back to D.C. Tomorrow . Scully , I was just thinking about Lazarus , Ed Wood and those Tofurkey-eatin ' zombies . How come when people come back from the dead , they always wanna hurt the living ? Well , that 's because people can 't really come back from the dead , Mulder . Ghosts and zombies are just projections of our own repressed ... cannibalistic and sexual fears and desires . They are who we fear that we are at heart . Just mindless automatons who can only kill and eat . Party pooper . Well , I got a new theory . I say that when zombies try to eat people , that 's just the first stage . They 've just come back from being dead , so they 're gonna do all the things they missed . So first they 're gonna eat , then they 're gonna drink . Then they 're gonna dance and make love . Oh , I see . So it 's just that we never get to stay with them long enough ... to see the gentler side of the undead . - Exactly . - [ Line Beeps ] Hold on a second . That 's my other line . Hello ? Agent Mulder , it 's Assistant Director Skinner . I hope I didn 't catch you at a bad time . No , sir . I 'm just at the computer . I wanted to apologize for coming down so hard on you during the Hoffman / O 'Fallon case . Oh . I appreciate that , Skin man . - Don 't call me that . - Yes , sir . - Um , where are you now ? - I 'm right underneath you . I 'm in L.A. At the same hotel as you , right below you and Agent Scully . Federman got me an associate producer credit on the movie . A.P. Skinner , huh ? Uh , so what are you up to right now , sir ? I 'm taking a bubble bath . Uh , hold on just one second , sir . Hey , Scully , Skin man is calling me from a bubble bath . It 's still me , Mulder . Uh , sorry . Just-Just hold on one second , sir . - Scully ? - Yeah . Skinner is calling me from a bubble bath . Wow . He 's really gone Hollywood . - Totally . - You know , Mulder , speaking of Hollywood , I think that Tea Leoni has a little crush on you . Oh , yeah , right . Like Tea Leoni 's ever gonna have a crush on me . I think that Shandling likes you a bit too . Really ? I love you , Scully . - No , ifs , ands or ... - " Bs . " [ Leoni ] Wait . Wait , Mulder . I can 't . [ Shandling ] I know this feels wrong because we 're friends ... and we treat each other as equals , but ... No . No , it 's not that . It 's not that . Well , what then ? I 'm in love with Assistant Director Walter Skinner . - That 's it , Scully . I just can 't take it anymore . - Shh , Mulder . Sit down . - What does he have that I don 't have ? - A bigger flashlight . [ Laughter ] I 've been looking all over for you . They got it so wrong , Scully . I got a page from the Washington bureau . Micah Hoffman was murdered tonight . Murdered in his own home by Cardinal O 'Fallon , who then hanged himself . A murder / suicide . It 's Jesus and Judas , Scully . Well , it 's all over now . No , no . It 's just beginning . Hoffman and O 'Fallon were these complicated , flawed , beautiful people . And now they 'll just be remembered as jokes because of this movie . The character based on O 'Fallon is listed in the credits as " Cigarette-Smoking Pontiff . " How silly is that ? - Pretty silly . - And what about us ? How are we gonna be remembered now because of this movie ? Well , hopefully the movie will tank . What about all the dead people who are forever silent and can 't tell their stories anymore ? They 're all gonna have to rely on Hollywood to show the future how we lived . And it 'll all become oversimplified ... and trivialized and Cigarette-Smoking " Pontificized " ... and become as plastic and meaningless ... as this stupid plastic Lazarus Bowl . I think the dead are beyond caring what people think about them . Hopefully we can adopt the same attitude . You do know that there aren 't real dead people out there , right ? That this is a movie set ? - [ Chuckles ] - The dead are everywhere , Scully . Well , we 're alive . And we 're relatively young . - And Skinner was so tickled by the movie ... - I bet he was . That he has given us a bureau credit card ... to use for the evening . Come on . Mulder , I have something to confess . - What 's that ? - I 'm in love with Associate Producer Walter Skinner . [ Both Laugh ] Ah , me too . [ Static Humming ] [ Child ] I made this !
