 PROLOGUE Show me who it is ! Show me ! This is your last chance ! Hey , pal ! Your ex-wife called this morning . She isn 't amused by you , placing 37 brats into this world and drinking your ass of from the alimony . Hey , let him alone , dude ! Let me go on with my inquiries ! What are you doing in here at all ? Let 's cut off this conversation . Pour me a Wodka . And hurry up . Next time , you better try it this way ! The investigations in here require lots of hard work . The Police is already on its way . You better directly call the chief of police himself . Paul Prohaska . He 's an old friend of mine . Who are you at all ? Jimmy Tornado , private investigator . C 'mon , pal ! We 're on our way to the bank , now ! AN ASSIGNMENT BY SEBASTIENNE ZABADAK-DUPONT 1 PERSON NOT ARMED It 's fiscal investigation , isn 't it ? Sebastienne Zabadak-Dupont . We 've been talking on the phone , yesterday . Ah . It 's you . It was about that missing guy , wasn 't it ? But you aren 't the ex-wife of Hieronymus Zabadak ? I 'm afraid I am . But this name should better be forgotten . I was thinking the exact same thing , as I dislocated his limbs the last time we met . Ah , how interesting . - You 're welcome . - Thank you . May I smoke ? Just try it . Which drink do you want ? A Wodka ? I do not drink alcohol during the day . OK , fine . Let it be a Wodka then . I already told you that I do not drink during daytime . Is this a bar or the office of a private investigator ? This is my living room . Hm . I see . Is it possible , that you have coffee ? Thank you very much . So , let 's get to the point . I am , as already mentioned , the life companion of Raoul Protektor . We planned to get married in a fortnight . You must have heard of him , I think . He 's a very successful manufacturer and building contractor . A successful money launderer and drug dealer . You don 't provoke me with that , not even a little bit . Truth is always provoking . The point is : Raoul is missing for a week , now . I don 't have the slightest idea of his whereabouts . He left nothing behind , no letter or notes , nothing . As if he has just vanished . That 's all I can tell you , I 'm afraid . Guys like that are exactly the right kind for me . I always find them , in any case . Tell me the last place he went , then I 'll do the rest . According to his schedule , he hat an appointment in the cryogenics-centre , which he 's shareholder from . You know , that 's there , where old and rich people get deep-frozen , hoping for a way to become immortal will to be found soon . The workers there claim to have no idea where he went thereafter . I have the address and here I 've got a picture . That 's what he looked like , when he disappeared . I really know that face . Turned into an old geezer meanwhile , didn 't he ? Listen . I pay you sufficiently , because I can afford it . Therefore , you can cut out your comments . I only spoke out what I saw . Mentioning the money ... I get 100 Galax immediately , for expenses and cigarettes . The final 1000 , when I 've returned you your Raoul in his freezer . Money is no problem . Where 's the contract ? Don 't I have to sign anything ? A verbal contract is always legal . And everybody kept to my contracts until now . Voluntary or not . So I wish you lots of fun . ICECOLD INVESTIGATIONS What do you want ? We 're closed today . Why ? The door 's open ? If you want to make an appointment for a consultanional , you 'll have to come again tomorrow at 3 o 'clock . I 've heard you 've got Raoul Protektor in the freezer . That 's where you 'll take me to , now ! Understood ? OK , OK ! But let me go . Well ! We 'll be taking a little walk , now ! And don 't you try anything ! If I see Protektor within 10 seconds , your chances of surviving may increase . Go on ! Employee authorization . 178-7121-165-907 What 's he doing to you ? That 's none of your problems ! Permission granted . Lot 's of funny people , but no Raoul Protektor ... You 've seen everything you wanted , didn 't you ? That 's it . Now , I 'll show you what I never want to do , but always have to . And that is ? Here goes the hors-d 'oeuvre ... This is the first course . Now the second course . And this is the third one . And this is the dessert . Now you get everything you want ... everything , everything ... That 's better ... And now you 're going to open the container . Do I really have to ? Attention ! System-Control ! Chamber one - open container . ID : SQR-AFB Information verified . I 'll take a good look . No matter what you are planning to do to me . I have no idea where Mr. Protektor is hiding . He only ordered us to freeze a plastic-double of his body . You can torture me for hours but I can 't tell you anymore . OK , I believe you , this time . NOBODY BETRAYS HIERONYMUS ZABADAK Girl , you 're worse than Sebastienne . That bitch . I had to call an ambulance every evening . I need more ! No problem , baby . There is more ! There he is , our Aldebaranian . How did you manage to come in here , by the way ? If I can 't pick parasyntactical dooropener-mechanisms , who else is there ? That 's burglary and it is disturbance of domestic peace and security ! I am bringing peace into your home . - Don 't precipitate , honey ! - No , let me go ! - Don 't precipitate , honey ! Stop the haste ! - You know what it 's all about ! - Oh , yes , OK . Why ? What should it be about ? That 's 25 grams of Supernova . Finest Quality . That 's what we have an expert for . Who shall that be ? Is she from the girls-school , or what ? Well , get started ... What 's that going to be ... ? What ? An android ? Reminds me of ... I 've got another appointment . I 've got to go now . Where do you have to go , that urgently ? What ... what do you want to do with that beamer ? Have you gone crazy or what ? You don 't have to get nervous , boy . There are only a few ugly rumours about you around . What kind of rumours ? I have evaluated the data . The sample contains a total amount of 44 % Supernova and 56 % Cocaine . You 're cutting the stuff with Cocaine ? The junk 10-years-olds shoot up at the schoolyard ? Just a moment . It was just a sample . It must have been that much Cocaine in it by coincidence . In my favourites top-ten , you 're placed right next to Jimmy Tornado ! Who 's Jimmy Tornado ? That 's of no concern , right now ! But , anyway , it should be of interest to Raoul Protektor . No ! Not Protektor ! You can 't do that to me ! You don 't know what he 'll be doing to me ! You 're not messing around with Mr. Anybody . You 're messing with Hieronymus Zabadak ! Get the phone . I 'll take care of him . No ! You can forget that ! Fuckin ' shit . Why don 't you fight back ? And now ? Are you going to kill me now ? I 'm not programmed to do so . And ... Are you going to tell Protektor ? I am not programmed to do so , either . Oh ... Well ... Have a nice evening , then . Humans ! Leonora ! Couldn 't you enable the positronic shift engine when landing ? And switch to parabolic-tactical deactivation ? You are landing this thing every time with synchroneous impulse-particle-sub-amplifier . Don 't you know how dangerous that is ? First of all : I don 't know , if I 'm human . And for the second : This baby has an integrated particle-thrust-stabilizer . It cannot overheat . You just want to save energy , as usual . We have got one high-frequency zeta-impulse-localizer on board . Which is set to level seven . How long do you think it will take the batteries to be worn out ? Ah , come on ! We have 12 batteries an three spare-generators on board . The generators ? The generators can interfere with the impulse-frequency . The batteries will do fine . THE DEMATERIALIZATION OF CASSIOPEIA POMPADOU Leave now . I have to do my rehearsals and I need tranquillity . Dressed in mourning ? Why mourning ? I don 't fear the dead and I have nothing to do with the furies . Dressed in mourning ? Why mourning ? I don 't fear the dead and I have nothing to do with the furies . Dressed in mourning ? Why mourning ? I don 't fear the dead and I have nothing to do with the furies . Dressed in mourning ? Why mourning ? I don 't fear the dead and I have nothing to do with the furies . Dressed in mourning ? Why mourning ? I don 't fear the dead and I have nothing to do with the furies . NOBODY BETRAYS HIERONYMUS ZABADAK - ADDENDUM Hello . Here 's Lara . Please get me Raoul . What does " Protektor isn 't here " mean ? Is he on a business trip , or what ? What ? He 's missing ? Since when ? OK , so I 'll tell it to you : Your strange Aldebaranian-guy has been here . He really tried to sell us cut dope . More than half of it was Cocaine . No . We had an analyzer-android here . Yes . And suddenly he started shooting at us . Hieronymus is dead . Obviously he didn 't know , that I can regenerate . OK . Keep me informed . Bye . ... both of the politicians made an appeal to the government to further reduce the influx of extraplanetary foriegn workers . And now for the local news The actress Cassiopeia Pompadou is missing since yesterday afternoon . It seems that she vanished from her appartment without a trace . Her companion notified the police immediately , who , on arrival , noticed unusual high radioactivity near the entrance door . The investigators think , that she was murdered with a tuned desintegrator . Possesion of this kind of weapons is illegal through the entire solar system and is punished with long term imprisonment . Police investigations have already been stopped since the private-detectives union pushed through by a court decision , that cases of missing persons shall furthermore only be investigated for 12 hours after ... A MOTHERS DESPAIR ... the first half of the female androids waterball ... This thing ... I won 't take that as a deposit . The dog ? It 's invaluable . Just the same as my daughter ... What 's up ? I will bill you the carpet-cleaning separately . Hello , first of all . My name is Evelyn Pompadou . And you are private investigator Jimmy Tornado ? That 's what the sign below my door bell says . Listen , I am the mother of Cassiopeia Pompadou . You surely know her from the TV . She acts as Stella in " The Heart Of The Galaxy " It 's said , there are actually people who watch that voluntarily . How am I supposed to take that ? Doesn 't matter ! I 've been watching the new on TV . I know the facts . And you keep clinging on to the hope , she could still be alive ? My Cassiopeia was about to play her first big role in the very near future . She was so close to her big breakthrough , so close ! Everybody on this planet loved her . Who should want bad things to happen to her ? Tell me all the Names that could be of any interest . And cough out 100 Galax , then I 'll check it out . She had a love affair with such a disgusting , old and rich man ... The name was ... Roul ... Raoul Protektor . This increases my interest in the case . Anything else ? She was a frequent customer at the " La-Kritz " , a disco-club near the space-station . Have a Vodka , for a start . Usually I don 't drink alcohol . But under such circumstances ... THE SECRETS OF ERICH " THE IRONHAND " Where do you think you 're going ? On which junkyard do you think you can retrieve your arm tomorrow ? This is a club for the beautiful and trendy people . And you fulfill neither of the criteria . Did you ever see yourself in the mirror ? This is irrelevant . I am only a fully automated bouncer and your face has fallen through my electronic raster screen . So : Beat it , man ! SUBJECT BEAUTIFUL : NEGATIVE SUBJECT TRENDY : NEGATIVE FINAL EVALUATION : NEGATIVE Now look at yourself ! And you want to decide who 's looking good ? Slowly , boy ! You must pay your 20 Galax just as anyone else . I 'm not here for fun , I 'm conducting my investigations ! And you are going to go inside with me an show me a customer . I do get 20 Galax right now or you 're history . - So this means you refuse to cooperate ? - That 's right . Did you rethink your decision ? Did you rethink your decision ? I cooperate ... You will take me into this madhouse now and you will show me that customer ! What 's this all about ? What are you going to do with me ? I am Jerry Torpedo from the Interplanetar Bureau for Youth Protection . Shall I teach you the revised Youth-Protection-Laws ? Youth-Protection ? I 'm already of age . People under the age of 23 years may only enter clubs after 11 pm if they 're accompanied by a person , who 's over 27 years of age . This means a few months of community-work , in your case . What 's going on ? I 've never heard such a thing before . You 're not going to know , whether you 'll be coming or going unless you 'll cooperate and start answering my questions ! What questions will that be ? Cassiopeia Pompadou is reported missing . She 's been a frequent customer here , just the same as you . Tell me everything you know about her . Who did she have contacts with ? Cassiopeia ? She was having an affair with Erich " the Ironhand " . They were arguing all the time , because she was seen with Raoul Protektor frequently . He was very jealous and a few days ago , they split up . Who or what is Erich " the Ironhand " ? Where can I find him ? He 's here today . I 've seen him at the bar some time ago . That 's enough . Now beat it ! You 've been seen with Casiopeia Pompadou in the last few days . I 've got to find her . Tell me what you know . Now ! OK , I 'll tell you , before you 're going to die ! I 've made her disappear . So it 's you ! You are the guy with the tuned disintegrator . You will hardly go to the cops , after getting your ass kicked . Just wait and see . Not that fast , buddy . Who 's your boss ? I 'm working all alone ! How 's this all linked to Raoul Protektor ? I want names ! Raoul Protektor ? Never heard of this one ... The only thing I really haven 't got is patience . By the way ... May I introduce myself ? I am " the Ironhand " ... Professor Gulbranssons Ironhand ! I 'll get that guy , too . OK . Enough with the child 's play . Now it 's going to be adult program ! What 's up with the names I want ? OK-019 ? What does that mean ? What 's all that fuss about that cheap slut ? She 's been playing the love doll for Protektor , while she had a guy like me ! You know what a pantograph is ? What are you doing ? You 're going to hell , now . It 's time for my Atom-Flakes . NICOTINE Come on ! They can 't even build a lighter - a working lighter ! - on this shitty planet ! Not again ! Would you please once , only once , make use of you pyro-ray for me ? You know exactly how much energy this will take me . Oh , come on ! That 's not fair . You know very well , that I can 't live on without nicotine . We 've been married for 150 Years and I still didn 't get used to being your cigarette-lighter . Well , give me that . - You 're welcome , Monsieur . - C 'est la vie ! Interplanetary institute for science and engineering DUBIOUSLY MACHINATIONS BY PROFESSOR GULBRANSSON Professor , I 'm sorry , but there 's a visitor I can 't get rid of ... Nobody gets rid of Jimmy Tornado ! Who do you think you are , interfering with my work ? So , that 's Professor Gulbransson . Yesterday a had a small argument with your iron-handed clown . It 's an iron-hand , that you want ? This week I 'm crafting cutlery for mutants . Iron-hands are scheduled for next week . That 's for the cakeholes mutants have nowadays ? You 're lacking the competence to judge my work ! I am not here to judge anything . I 'm here to find out , what you know about Erich , the iron-hand . The one you implanted a hand-transmutator , last week . Last week , I 've implanted 57 HTP-7 . I can 't remember each one of them . He had a serial number tattoo behind his earlobe . OK-019 . Does that ring a bell ? I don 't do serial numbers . I implant using high speed processing . And that 's it . I hope for you that you 're telling the truth . Or I 'll have to visit you one more time ! - Well , the Professor needs tranquillity now ... - Hey ! What are you doing ? POLICE HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF POLICE PAUL PROHASKA - Prohaska ! - Tornado ! You 've been told to wait ' till I say " come in " ! Prohaska ... Just the way everyone knows him ... Tornado ! What did you do at that bar ? There 's something we have to settle ... Ahhh , chill out ! That 's all been acts of self-defence ... Come on , don 't bother me , pal . What are you doing here at all ? Hi , first of all ... Yesterday , I 've beaten the shit out of some guy he had a tattoo behind his ear . OK-019 . You 've got any idea about that ? OK ? That 's the abbreviation for " Oskar Kobalt " . That guy keeps us going for decades ... Just imagine that : He 's been sentenced to death on 73 planets and for lifetime in prison on 713 more ... Is he ? He 's a mass-murderer , slave trafficker , drug trafficker , blackmailer , money launderer and what ever more ... In those days he seized a cruiser with 59 orphans on board and turned them all into super-assassins . Back then , he really went too far . That pig ! So ? What 's in the database ? Let 's just ask the electronic brain ... Attention ! System control ! Access level : PP-001 - Paul Prohaska . Requesting data file " Oskar Kobalt " . Input verified . Access to interplanetary database granted . Subject : Oskar Titus Kobalt . Database contains 4786 entries . In the categories : murder , inciting murder , kidnapping , corruption , slave trafficking , robbery as well as propagation of drug trafficking , gambling and prostitution . Do you want further information 's ? You know where he is at the moment ? You 'll be having trouble getting near him . THE LONG CLAWS OF OSKAR TITUS KOBALT It 's your Uncle speaking . Hello , Uncle Oskar . Listen closely ! I 've got the biggest assignment of all times for you two . You know , that I 'm always ready . It 's about the extinction of a whole organization . Hmmm . That could turn into some fun ... Very good . That 's my girl . At least you 're not as disgraceful as the others . You 're going to do your dance again . That 's fine with me . I will try out my new suit on that . Very nice . And now listen : You 'll go to the restaurant of ... OK 0-21 THE WHIRLING DEATH Excuse me , pretty lady , but we 're closed today . Invited guests only . I won 't be staying for long . Do you have an invitation ? I 've never seen you before . Who 's made it on the guest-list ? It 's Wednesday , today . That means Raoul Protektor is coming with his guests for dinner . Are you sure there are that much guests left ? I 'm beginning to understand what you want ... Who sent you over ? This doesn 't matter no more , now . You 're no match for me ! Well , did I finally make it on the guest list ? Sorry . Regular customers only . OK 0-32 THE PHANTOM IS VISITING - Hello . - Hello . I 'm from the cosmic Watchtower Society ... .. and I 'd really like to discuss some questions with you . - Do you like milk and sugar with that ? - Yes , thank you . - What 's the meaning of that ? - Stop that silly play now ! - Who sent you ? - You 're on Protektor 's payroll ! Yes ! I 'm his kitchen-help ! RAOUL PROTEKTOR WITH PROFESSOR VANDENBURGH Let me make one thing clear , Professor Vandenburgh , so pay close attention if you 're working sloppy , you 'll be leading a life of sorrow afterwards . This is in your own interests . Don 't you worry , Mr. Protektor ... I 'm specialized in this field . Are you sure , this piece of crap is properly calibrated ? You surely bought that thing in an intergalactic discount market ... - And even without any warranty ... - Yak , yak , yak ... How much zeta-radiation do you think , this transmutator will emit , when he changes form ? any low-level-piece-of-shit will localize that . What about the secret service ? You 're sure their information 's are correct ? You 're talking nonsense . The guy who disappeared here is Rex plutonium . Rex Plutonium ? That 's quite a big fish ... Yeah ! And with that kind of gangsters , they always send a transmutator . And I know for sure , that this is the one I 'm after . In the recent days , police is confronted with a riddling increase of murder-cases and missing persons . LATEST NEWS The police believes , that those crimes are somehow linked since most of the persons involved are amongst Raoul Protektors friends , who is suspected of corruption and was also reported as missing . For this reason , police has set up a special-unit which is still waiting for the acknowledgement of the private-detectives-union to start the investigations . ... blah , blah , blah ... This is Sebastienne Zabadak-Dupont speaking , hello . The whole story is becoming quiet frightening . Nothing makes me worry , never . I 'm following all the murders and missing persons , reported the news ... All the persons involved were linked to Raoul . I think it 's only a matter of time until it 's my turn to be killed . Therefore I 've chosen a hideout . Who 's still alive ? I remember a scrubwoman . Zarah Kalaschnik . You should find her address in the phonebook . I 'll take a close look at her . We 'll stay in contact . THE MYSTERIOUS ZARAH KALASCHNIK DEADLY FATE FOR OK 0-39 Zarah Kalaschnik ? Yes . What 's up ? I like your style ... What 's up ? You wanna pay for the show ? Piss off , or you 're the next one ! I 'd be keen on trying that some time Who are you ? And what do you want ? Private investigator Jimmy Tornado . I came here to prevent you from being murdered . And squeeze out the one down there ... But I 've got a single deficit , I 'm afraid : Sometimes I arrive a little late . Thank you , but I 'm preventing myself from being murdered . Do you eventually know why you 've been attacked ? And all the others around Protektor ? I noticed a lot of people , linked to Protektor , being killed But what do they want from me ? I 'm just his help . I only care of his flower beds . This super-assassin who has many folded , because of you , is from the Oskar-Kobalt-Clan . These folks are made of a different calibre How can a house-help like you defeat such people ? I 've beaten some harder ones into submission . I 'm former galaxy-champion in kick-boxing . Are you ? Things happen ... Well , we won 't be able to talk too much to her ... Let 's just see , if she 's got anything with her . Yes , this seems to be a promising find . Take cover ! That new stuff doesn 't even break the glass ... INTEREST OK . Your last chance : Where are the 50 grand of Uncle Oskar ? I 've told you , next week ! Next week is one week too late . I 'll pay interest . You 'll get 60000 ... Kobalt accepts only one form of interest : Life ! Argh ... Not again ! - Hello ? - It 's your Uncle speaking . I have a very urgent task for you . Come on ! You 've promised me a week off . Blah , blah , blah ! I just told you , that it 's urgent ! That was a goddamned promise ! Cut it now ! Who do you think you 're talking to ? Now , listen ! You will go and meet up with ... I must bring up that issue one more time You know I can 't let you interfere . That 's my private fight . Yes , but I 'm an android with an emotions-chip . I have to interfere . - It 's not possible . - Yeah ? - It is my fight ! - So what ? You know very well that this is our tradition ! Traditions , traditions ... That 's totally outdated and moronic honour-thinking ! My revenge is my own revenge , honey . His revenge ... " my revenge is my revenge ... " what a nonsense . You 'll die , without my support . No , I won 't . - And how do you plan to achieve that ? - We 'll just see ! THE CARD OF DEATH Fear is an illusion , my powers are for real . Fear is an illusion , my powers are for real . Fear is an illusion , my powers are for real . ... . ... . Wait a moment ! You should have played that one immediately ! - Or is it the first time you 're playing that game ? - Cut it out . It 's just for the scoreboard . Forget it , man . Lost is lost . I won 't let you tell me how to play ! - Who do you think you are ... ? - I 'll kill you ! ... Quit picking at me , jerks ! There 's no rules applying to you , anyway ! I 've put you to the test , when I gave you those 25 g super dope . For a friend . When he put it on a scale , there were only 20 g left ! - That 's it , now ! - Hey , wait a minute . Get him ! Hey , boys , I can explain all that ... Hey ! What 's that gonna be ? Protektor will be very interested in that ... No ! Please don 't tell Protektor ! So you prefer being branded instead ? Can 't we talk about that ? WAITING WITH THE SUITCASES PACKED You should exchange your reactor , before we hit the road . I 've done that this very moment . I guess you 've bought a cheap , generic one at the supermarket . Presumably bulk , not even retail ... So what ? It 's made by the same manufacturers . Only without the overpriced stuff , I 'd get from an authorized dealer . It 's just packed in a different case . Don 't let those stupid ads fool you , dammit ! OK . It 's your choice . But I 'm tired of you having problems with your circulation and me , running around like a jerk , finding an android-mechanic ! Who , besides us , would spend their vacation on an asteroid ? I suppose we 'll be the only visitor in that holiday-compound . So ? Even better , if we got everything for us alone . Oh , boy ! ZX-9 , we 've already been 3 times at your lava - moon . It doesn 't have to be the same all the time . I 'm not sure , whether I 'm a boy or not . Yeah , OK . Sorry for that . I just can 't understand you , not looking forward to it . We 'll be very close to a supernova and we can perfectly watch everything . I can 't understand you , not being fascinated by that . I 'm only fascinated by a single supernova ! - Blonkovich speaking . - It 's your Uncle . Hello Uncle Oskar ... I 've got a very urgent assignment for you . Sorry Uncle but that 's impossible . I 've booked a vacation for tomorrow . And we 're flying this evening . Who do you think you are , talking to me like that ? Did you all forget who saved you from the orphanage ? If there 's an urgent task to be performed , everything else has lower priority ! And how am I supposed to tell it to my boyfriend ? Are you still involved with that machine ? A young and beautiful girl and a device . How unnatural is that ? My disposition is strictly my problem . In addition to that , those so-called " devices " sometimes are more human , than we are . At least ZX-9 could never do dirty jobs like I do . Cut that crap ! We 're first-class criminals and we behave accordingly . And now I 'll brief you . You will , together with ... THE FINAL SECONDS OF VLADIMIR KONIAK - Go on ! Fly ! - It has taken long enough ! That old prick is getting on my nerves . Won 't you talk that way ! It 's our Uncle Oskar ! Dammit ! We 're criminals , not crazies ! Are you done with fooling around ? Then I 'll tell you , what we 've got to do . We 're flying southeast . There 's a Supernova plant . The staff counts approximately 50 people . - That 's about all for today . - Well , then floor it , sister ! It seems there aren 't much left , besides you . If you 're looking for me , I 'm Vladimir Koniak , in person . You don 't look too healthy , do you ? Do you want me to call the mechanics ? It 's too late for them , now . I 'll die in exactly 47 seconds and 380 milliseconds . Listen , you can make use of your remaining time and help me to solve this spooky case . Why is someone trying to exterminate Protektor ? My boss is simply the best person ever on this planet . That 's why competitors are trying to extinguish his organization . I have always been loyal and sacrificed myself . And I will rather go to hell , than tell you anything about him , dammned cop ! And now get out and let me die in peace ! You have to live at first , if you want to die . A BEER AFTER WORK - Cheers . - Thanks , Costa . Missis ! I 'm afraid , your beer at the end of work is cancelled ! I suppose you have a tattoo behind your ear . Am I right ? I just dropped in at Koniaks Supernova plant . You 've pulled of quiet a messy job . I 'm forced to ask you a few questions . And you , you are obliged to answer me ! Why do you want to kill Protektor ? Answer me ! Didn 't you know : Little girls shouldn 't play with the big boys ! And yet again , there are no answers . You have already got four of those people , and still got no answers to any of your questions . Is it possible that your methods lack effectivity ? Rather smash their skulls in first and ask later , or what ? What are you doing all the time ? As long as I don 't doubt myself , it 's none of your business to doubt me ! Or do you know someone else to solve 100 % of his cases ? Listen , I can only give you one more name , I didn 't hear from to be already dead . He 's called Moco Santos and he was his driver . If they didn 't get him yet , it 'll be his turn today . Listen , you must not blow this one , under any circumstances ! I 'm counting on you to be a professional . I 'll do what I 'm paid for . And that 's solving the case . MOCO SANTOS IS ALREADY WAITING Come on ! What are you waiting for ? Buddy , you 've guessed wrong . I 'm your reinforcement . Who has sent you ? Noone ever sends me . I 'm coming , when I feel like coming . Let 's get to the point . I have to know where Protektor is ! I have no idea . My boss is gone for a week , now . I 'm only his driver . That 's what everybody says . So let 's wait and see if some visitors drop by . Well , folks , we 're going down to the cellar and give him the heat from down under . Why don 't we shoot through the wall right here ? Are you trying to argue with me yet again ? His bedroom should be about here . Now , buddies , let 's have some fireworks . Fire at will ! They 're shooting with high-frequency pulsators ! So ? Do you think I wouldn 't do the same ? My instinct tells me that this is going to be a full hit . This can 't be ! How could a guy like that own such a gun ? Well , then we 'll do it face to face . OK , you rat . Come and get some ! I suppose you 're looking for Mr. Santos . That 's right . But that 's not me , I 'm afraid . Thank you very much . MEGA-ZOOM Yet two more who won 't answer my questions anymore . And the third one seems to have suffered from a weak heart . THE MOMENT OF TRUTH Good morning . I think you are looking for me . I have been watching you with great interest . Should you have any meaning to me ? Let me put it this way : I 'm Raoul Protektor 's brain . Repeat that for my polygraph . I 'm Raoul Protektor 's brain . HE IS TELLING THE TRUTH Why not . The body of an android is always a good hideout . You want to know why I lifted my disguise ? I 'll call a cab , now . Since that 's a place where we can talk safely . So you 're coming from the future in 7 million years . Do you have a residence permit for this time-level ? A guy like me always has his permits . For everything he does . But not my permissions ! Let 's get to the point . Raoul Protektor is my undercover identity . My real name is Rex Plutonium . In my own home-time-level , I 'm also prominent . Let me guess ... As money launderer , drug trafficker and general bad guy ? You are right . And moreover , I 'm a Satanist . But all that on a very high level . But I 'm afraid , I 've been overdoing it a little bit . That 's why I 've started all over again , here . And what 's the problem ? In 7 million years I 'll be sentenced for dematerialization . The news on the TV , showing me , will be received in 7 million years on a planet , that 's 7 million light-years away . I didn 't think about that . The government sent a transmutator after me . Those form changing life forms are not permitted here . My Uncle works at the secret service . He sent me a telegram to warn me . The transmutator is on this planet , in this very moment . He must haven taken over the look of a person which is close to me . And the original is probably dematerialized . The only one who isn 't suspicious is my old friend , Oskar Kobalt . This is pretty obvious . He 's somehow too far out . I 've asked him to kill anyone in my vicinity . The only person still alive is my intended wife . Either the transmutator is dead or it 's herself . Soon we 'll know for sure . Understood . I 'll be there in a few minutes . Sorry guys , but you 'll have to choose another toy . Listen , there 's a deal of intergalactic dimensions going on . I don 't have time to waste on juvenile criminals . You see : It 's easy to burn your fingers on my spaceship and me . Damn-it ! That stuff happens only if time is short . I 'm Raoul Protektors brain . OK . This seems to be valid . Here 's your 1000 Galax . Well , then it 'll be only his brain , that I 'll take to the government . You don 't seem to be very happy , meeting your wannabe-husband again . Maybe I 've got millions of wannabe-husbands . This is ... There it is ! Leonora ! Leonora ! Leonora ! What 's up ? - I 've got it ! - Oh , shit ! - Now hurry up with your mutation ! - You 're right . This isn 't one of your concerns anymore , is it ? You 've got your 1000 Galax and that 's it . Now get this , Miss Plasma-Lump or whatever may be your name ! This guy has misconducted on my planet . So I 'll be the one beating up his sorry ass . You don 't have the slightest idea who you are messing with . And my time is to precious to me to be wasted with jerks . Hey , you ! Back there ! We 're not interested , beat it ! What 's that ? Where have you taken me to ? You won 't leave this place alive . Now take me back and let me do my job . We 'll talk after that . There won 't be anything after this . Listen , you 're challenging someone who plays in the professional league ! You will immediately take me back , now . And I 'll consider all of this as a bad joke . Or else , I 'll kill you ! Transmutator ! In 6850000 years , you will dematerialize my Uncle from behind . The disgrace , you have brought upon my family , will be retaliated now . At first , I can 't remember that whole thing , second , this is simply limited and third it 's absolutely not the right time to discuss or to get this one straightened now . And you know what ? I usually act according to orders . It is the right time , Transmutator , it just is . I 'm kind of a talker . But only within certain boundaries . What 's this been ? Those gadgets aren 't even invented by now . Was this also an illegal from your time ? The talking is over ! I understand you won 't let me leave without resistance . OK . Let us take that to the next level . Well , that 's all part of the job . I 'm giving all I have , now ! It 's all for the government ! Let 's go home , Oleg . You 've been quiet an interesting opponent . THE FOLLOWING SCENES HAVE BEEN REMOVED FOR DRAMATURGICAL REASONS Open up , stupid door , open up ! I 've already told you , this wouldn 't work . It must work ! It has worked 50 times ! This is a multi-purpose-glider . With an interstellar positron-drive . And this is a positronic multi-purpose blaster with differentially multiplied radiation . How dumb do you have to be for not knowing that differentially multiplied radiation is easily deflected by a standard padlock of a multipurpose-glider . You can 't tell me how to break into a vehicle . What did you pick up to now ? Real gliders or some old crap for a fun-ride ? This is the way to talk yourself directly to the graveyard ! Can we cut the crap ? There 's something delicious walking by , over there . OK , go and enjoy yourselves . They 've been amateurs , but still they 're my pals . Hey , pal ! There are rules to stick to , in my city ! And you 're breaking them ! I am the one , making up the rules . So , let 's play a little game , then . Nice . So I 'll be the one to make the first move . I 'll shoot her knee joint . Sorry , but you 've lost already . No need for hugging me , but you can still recommend me . By the way - I 'm Jimmy Tornado . Thanks a lot . I could have done that on my own ! THE ELEVATOR OF PAIN Hey , fuckface , can I help you ? Hey , you can 't talk to me like that . I 'd be pleased to keep on kicking your ass , but I have to go now . OK 0-16 THE CONNAISSEUR - Please be seated . - Thanks . It 's quiet comfortable in here ... Who sent you , by the way ? I 'm here for Bronco Mahagoni . And who is that ? Bronco Mahagoni is my boss , you know . The stuff Protektor is offering to you is simply crap . Bronco Mahagoni has better stuff to offer . Despite of some smaller exceptions , Protektor always was a serious salesman . Well , then try this one first . And now , my dear , the fun part of the evening is over . Let 's get serious , now . Do you really think I 'm a total moron ? Who 's really sending you ? Too bad . I was planning to have some fun with you - before I kill you . Would you mind looking down ? I 'm less impressed , than you might expect me to be . The whole thing has a little catch , my dear . It has ? What might that be ? - It 's not an ordinary gun . - So what ? It 's a desintegrator . OK 0-26 VERSUS THE TAX CONSULTANTS Excuse me , but aren 't you the tax consultants of Raoul Protektor ? Oh , yes . And you are the financial administrator of his new mall , aren 't you ? No . I 'm a super killer from the Oskar Kobalt clan and I 'm about to terminate both of you . Ha , ha , ha . Your humour is quite crude ... - You can 't do that ! - No ! It was a pleasure to meet you . OK 0-43 ELECTRIFYING ENCOUNTERS Ilka ! You don 't know what serious situation you 're in . That 's nonsense ! I 've rechecked all murders and all cases of missing persons , that recently occurred . So ? Just imagine ! They 're all somehow connected with Raoul Protektor ! I 'm not involved in the drug business , neither with weapons trafficking , nor any other crimes I 'm only his architect . So what ? Do you think that 'll save you ? I design hospitals , homes for the elderly and shopping malls . That 's about all I do . For the last time , your name is linked to Raoul Protektor . And therefore I 'll have the police protect you . So you want to limit my personal freedom ? Yet another one of those fucked-up beggars , trying to sell us a rose ! They 're coming to our planet and are without a job . All of them ! Come on , Paul , don 't be that hard . Don 't you want to buy a rose for your beautiful lady ? So , how much is your weed then ? It 's only five Galax . OK , here you go . Keep the change . Hand it over , then beat it ! Thank you . A wonderful rose for the lady . I 'm thirsty like hell ! How long do we have to keep waiting for the waiter ? So , why don 't you just go and ask ? Dammned ! By the way , Ilka , what do you want to drink ? Ilka , Ilka ! TORNADO 'S EVERYDAY 'S LIFE What 's the hurry ? I 'm not in a hurry . I 've got all the time in the world . You look like a man with lots of money in his pockets ... It 'll be about 800 Galax , I 'm carrying . That 's all I wanted to know . Well , have a nice evening , then . It 's even 1800 bucks I 've got ... INTERGALACTIC PARCEL SERVICE OK 0-51 VERSUS THE DELIVERYMAN What 's up ? Are you the deliveryman of Raoul Protektor ? Yeah , what do you want ? I 'm in a hurry ! Are you the deliveryman of Raoul Protektor ? Yes , his villa is alongside my route . And I 've got to go right now . TO DRINK LIKE A HERO Oleg ! How many beers did you have , now ? So what ? Why don 't you try to programme yourself on alcoholism ? Thanks , but I really can restrain from that . You have a very important fight to stand . And now you drink your ass off ! How do you plan to fight like that ? - Like a hero ! - Yeah , like a dead drunk hero . THE CRUELTY OF TIME 527 , 528 , ... C 'mon , stop the counting and rather watch your localizer instead . I can 't take it any longer , my head is already hurting . Headaches ! Who 's fight is it ? Yours or mine ? - Yeah , yeah ... - So keep watching it ! - It 's my fight , OK ? - Well , go on with it , then ! But maybe you 're right and it 's improperly calibrated . What have I done to deserve this ? Man , this waiting sucks . - Maybe we should think of something else . - And what will that be ? We 'll have to keep waiting . - So , we 'll wait , then ... - But someone should keep an eye on that , not out here ! - Watch this thing not the car ! - 529 - Look at your damned localizer ! - OK ... I didn 't buy that crap !
