 This style suits you And you can wear it everyday without it being too flashy That 's the last one we have of this style Jin , of the rings I 've recorded , Tell me , which one do you like the most ? This is my favorite , but it has no discount This is also quite good And there is a 20 % discount The first is the most beautiful , but it is too expensive The second is alright . The third is the most reasonably priced Which one do you like ? Which one ? I 'll go along with whatever you choose . I want the most expensive one There 's no discount ... So there is no discount . This is for once in a lifetime . I guarantee you won 't regret it What 's this ? A bomb ! Bomb Run ! In a while you have to go and try on the suit . Don 't be late Run ! Six months later Hello ? Jin , of the rings I 've recorded Tell me , which one do you like the most ? I want the most expensive one There 's no discount ... So there is no discount . This is for once in a lifetime . I guarantee you won 't regret it So annoying In a while you have to go and try on the suit . Don 't be late I worked all night Drink , drink ! No more . You have some How many people , Sir ? Keep drinking Keep drinking ! - No , no more Good wine Let him in What do you want this time ? I said it many times I did not kill my wife If you don 't have any evidence , then get lost Pour a glass of red wine for the officer to drink Over $ 30k per bottle . You 've never had this before . You deadbeat cop . You 've never had the opportunity to drink this . This wine is no good . It smells fishy If you have any evidence then charge me . Don 't give me this crap The hitman you paid off was arrested in Macau yesterday The next time you find a hitman , don 't get one that likes to gamble See for yourself $ 300k for the whole thing Zhen JiaWo asked me to find someone to kill his wife I want to become state witness You mother fucker You want to die ? Does this hurt ? You have the guts to assault a police officer ? Better sit for a few more years in prison . I want to take-away that steak Hey ... I just went inside to get something . It was less than a minute Don 't be like this Give me some face Sir , you can 't park here Do you know who I am ? Your district chief is Superintendant Huang . He plays mahjong with me every night Even he calls me Brother Hei You still need to give me a ticket ? Why aren 't you out catching crooks ? You think I can 't afford $ 320 ? A bet on the races is 10k for me Even my small change is enough to crush you Look at my tires . It 's more than your monthly salary You deserve to be a patrol cop your whole life This is your parking ticket I can also book you for littering and obstruction of justice Do you want it ? Let 's go , son It stinks , let 's go . Nobody cares Really . Sir Sir 5299 calling HQ 5299 , go ahead I have someone who 's collapsed . Please get the ambulance No obvious injuries The location is Central , Portland St Roger Don 't worry , Sir . The ambulance is coming Six Have you had dinner ? - I 've eaten Today , I kissed a person You 're growing up . That sort of thing is normal If you have time , bring her over for dinner It was a man Men , also need to eat It was a civilian Who I did CPR on and saved his life No need to check . No letter , no phone call and he didn 't come back Grandmother , have you ever thought that big brother won 't ever come back ? Man proposes , God disposes I also never thought that your parents would be in a car accident that day I know you said that I was 3 years old and my elder brother was 6 years old Yes , I was holding the two of you at the hospital At that time you also had high fever 20 years have passed Grandmother In the end , it doesn 't matter where your elder brother is , And it doesn 't matter what he is up to As long as he believes in what he is doing Grandmother will support him I remember my elder brother saying that he wanted me to be a good police officer This is right You didn 't sleep again last night ? How can you work like this ? Didn 't my wife give you some sleeping pills ? You need to take a couple I took the whole bottle , cousin Don 't call me cousin when we 're working . Call me the Sergeant Huang Look at yourself . Sooner or later , you 'll have an accident one day I just don 't understand Ivy died half year ago . What 's up with you ? If you really want to bring her to life , go dig up her corpse Pump her with blood , and put a talisman on her Perhaps you can really have a relationship with a ghost Can you not dream of revenge all day ? As a cop , you can 't have this kind of mindset How about this ? I 'll help you to apply for a civilian post Start next month , alright ? You 're full of hot air And your breath stinks , cousin Sergeant Huang , the tiger has returned to its den Target 's nickname is Little Tiger In several recent cases of armed robbery he provided the weapons The guns are bought in from Thailand Yesterday , he went to pick up the goods from a container at the port Double 7 , target is heading in your direction Wait for my order , before any of you move in How much are the oranges ? They 're not for sale . Get lost . Is this how you do business ? Ridiculous If you 're not selling anything don 't open shop Idiot Hey ! Move it Want to die ? Move it Get lost Drive I give you money Drive faster Police . Stop the car Don 't worry about him . Keep driving . Turn left Hurry Get out What 's wrong with you ? I didn 't say to move Even if you were to move in , you should at least tell me So that I have some kind of mental preparation , cousin Don 't think that you 're the only cop in HK who can catch crooks Officer , I have a heart condition . I want to ... sue him . Sue him Sue him ? We can talk about that later I 'll get an ambulance for you first Hurry Congratulations , Sergeant Fang You 're getting another stripe next week All my friends want to come and study under you Their team got into trouble again today There 's a guy called Chen Jin who really puts it on the line But is also a bit crazy And gives trouble to everyone Chen Jin ? I 've heard of him Useless Being a cop is not all about effort You have to use your brains In this world , there is only one type of people that can survive Smart people Have you ever heard of a useless person making it ? Got it . Police Everyone inside the car get out . Did you hear me ? Everyone inside get out Sorry , I know I was driving too fast My wife is about to give birth . I need to get her to hospital Hold on , dear Sorry , officer Give me a chance . It won 't happen again Just now , the driver took the wrong road Sorry Officer , the wife is about to give birth Your wife is about to give birth ? - Yes No need to drive that fast . - I know ... Alright , leave Thank you Jun Go over and check him out Roger Take out your ID cards Get out of the car with your hands on your head Jun are you OK ? Let him go Let go of the knife Eat Settle down You really are crafty . Luckily I 'm not stupid There are things called compartments , cousin I know there are compartments Compartments ... You bastard What are you doing ? This is a police matter , if you 're not involved , move along . Drop the gun Be careful Release me Quickly , let me go Help Release me Drop the gun Help release me Leave Boss , this has nothing to do with me The person you want isn 't me Leave Sorry I really didn 't know it was this serious I only took my share of the money If you want it , I can give it to you The person you 're looking for ... You go and look for them Get up It 's been half a year . You know what it 's been like for us ? Speak . Where is the money ? I do not know I did not betray you I am just responsible for delivering your explosives I didn 't know you were going to bomb a armored van Listen . We sell our lives But will not let someone sell out our lives Who is it ? Why did you betray us ? You were the person who robbed the armored van half a year ago ? I said , did you rob the armored van half a year ago ? Cousin You bastard . Don 't have the guts to own up to it ? I really don 't know . Killing me us pointless . Let me go . I really do not know Look for He YungQiang . I really don 't know He YungQiang ? Why don 't you go down and accompany my brothers Sergeant Fang . Remember not to clean the bullets I still need to take it to be analyzed Sergeant Fang . I believe you swallowed three bullets Are all three inside ? Count it yourself If there aren 't enough , go in and dredge out the rest for yourself Sorry , Sir Leave Is it funny ? What are you smiling about ? Is the police station very free ? Don 't you have anything to do ? Leave ! - Later , Sergeant Fang No need How are the others ? Jun got stabbed 3 times . They were deep He 's still critical The others will be discharged from hospital after 2-3 days Don 't be angry . I made some soup for you Soup ? When did I ask you to make soup ? I asked you to investigate the criminals Have you ? I 'm looking into it . I wanted to come see you first See me ? Exactly what is there to see ? You don 't do what I asked you to . And you still say that you 're from the intelligence department . Just go . Go Colleagues The Chief Superintendant is getting very nervous about the 2 cases with police casualties Our meeting today is to determine how to apprehend these criminals as quickly as possible The info in front of you is of Tian YangSheng Tian YangSheng is the leader His second-in-command is Tian YangYi These criminals are wanted for robbery of an armored security van half a year ago They took US $ 100 mil and disappeared According to the information from Interpol In the last half year they have been pursued in Thailand , Vietnam , and Cambodia But last night they reappeared in Hong Kong They are originally 7 orphans who grew up in the battlefield They have all received military training And have been employed as mercenaries everywhere The last time they tried to escape , we killed 3 of them This time the special task force is headed by Superintendant Luo and Superintendant Huang Chief Inspector Muo is responsible for the coordination Understood Actually I 've already applied for retirement Including the holidays , there 's only about one month left Sir , I will take responsibility Half a year ago , the robbery was committed in my jurisdiction Good , it 's decided then The two of you co-operate It 's all up to you No problem , Sir It 's more than I could 've asked for You 've made quite a bit on the share market lately Of course . I told you to buy in with me but you didn 't Nice car , luxurious house . Be careful of the ICAC ( internal affairs ) Be careful of what you say Cha , you like holding onto the past You still keep that pile of scrap metal ? I haven 't used it for a long time . It 's broken down , I just keep it there Let 's go - A Lincoln This is the head of our special task force , Superintendant Luo Sit August 25th in 2006 Central , Queens Rd , Armored security van robbery case 3 dead , 16 wounded Amount of money stolen US $ 100 mil Yesterday Six of our officers are injured in Kowloon 2 are still in ICU Today , a suspect in a weapon trafficking case is killed Another eight of our officers are injured We believe that Wei ChingDa is one of the culprits So we hope that you can give us some information about your elder brother Or anything else that will help is solve the case My brother would not do something like this Are you a police officer ? It should be clear that you have responsibility to help the police investigate At the time that ChingDa disappeared , Did he in any way contact you ? No Then , was there anything unusual that happened ? Or do you have any info That can help us find you elder brother ? No Wei ChingHao , you are demoted , take a holiday But if you get any news about Wei ChingDa You must notify us Don 't forget . You are still a police officer Sir , can I ask you something in private ? Go outside What do you want to ask ? Before my brother left , He said that he had something important to do Did he go undercover ? It should be clear to you . I 've now classified him as a suspect As long as this case remains open , everything in his file remains confidential Sorry But if he was , Then as his superior , you should look after him As his superior , I should look after him But now , he is no longer my underling He choose this road for himself I know the type of person my brother is Sorry You may know your brother But it doesn 't matter how innocent your brother was beforehand If he wants to turn , it 's that easy That 's all I have to say Bastard Don 't worry so much . The crime unit will take over They interviewed a police officer Wei ChingHao for a long time It is said that his elder brother was related to the criminals Wei ChingHao Wei ChingHao ? Which district is he ? Send me the info . Hey , don 't be hasty It 's useless looking for leads outside Leave it for the others Hey cousin , do you hear what I 'm saying ? Don 't play the hero What 's the matter ? I 'm looking for your brother Wei ChingDa Where is he ? Don 't think that you can just ignore me Don 't think you can leave without saying something You 're looking for my brother too ? Don 't play dumb Sir , how many people ? Iced tea Iced coffee Cold lemon tea I know You are Sergeant Fang YiWei of the Central district And you , are always in the news , Chen Jin Officers , after following me for so long , what have you found ? Wei ChingHao , where is your brother ? Your brother did a few big cases with those criminals . Where is he ? Everything I have to say , I 've already told the crimes unit I am a cop , not a suspect Your brother is a suspect Your background won 't be clean You will also be suspect Let me tell you If I find out you 're holding out on us , I 'll turn you in immediately Your brother has sided with the criminals If people know that your brother is a suspect , you 'll lose face . Is that it ? Let me tell you Your elder brother is like this cup milk Changed color Idiot , do you get it ? I believe my elder brother still a good cop I know your girlfriend died half a year ago because of these criminals You want revenge And you just want to get them back You two do not qualify as good police That has nothing to do with you So kid , are you asking or am I ? If you haven 't finished dredging out your bullets , the toilet is over there Brother Ecky , Brother Rabid Dog is here Brother Ecky Leave and don 't do your business Leave Leave with me , I 'll pretend nothing happened Are you alright , RD ? I said that it was over . Just leave . I won 't get back together with you If you 're going to choose , make a better choice . Half man , half ghost Your little brother Pao ended up in hospital because of his stuff Are you really that stupid ? Pao took anything he could get his hands on . Don 't put it all on me . My zodiac sign matches better with him I 'm Gemini , you 're Sagittarius , we don 't match . Just go home . If we can 't agree , then let 's stop talking No talk . Who 's talking to you ? You 're not qualified Don 't move your hands and legs Big brothers , please , give me some face , don 't ... Bash him Help , don 't hit me ... You , release him Police . What are you doing ? On the wall , take out your ID cards Your friend ? Are you alright , little police officer I thought that you were from the junior brigade I 'm charging you with illegal assembly , assault and abducting underage girls Get on the wall and take out your ID 's You must be kidding . The peace flag comes down at 2 : 00 , did you come here to take it down ? Save it , you fuckin cop Don 't play cops here Can 't you see that we 're all so scared Police ? So what ? Don 't think that because you are a cop , that I 'm afraid of you You are a piece of trash , fuckin cop . So what ? Get lost , cop Go home . Fuckin cop I 'm also charging you with obstruction of justice You better be careful He 's getting angry What 's up , what are you doing ? Are you still alive ? Hey , Your badge is here , come and get it , fuckin cop Cut him Cut him I am also a cop What did you just say about the police ? I said that the police were trash But that 's because could not get into the force That 's why I have a grudge against them Let 's go You still want to fight ? Thanks ... Thanks ... Do you have a problem ? Come with me Police Station ? There 's a brawl on Star St , how come there are no police This is Red Flower Oil , its priceless . Is this your brother 's room ? Yes It hurts . - Wei ChingHao Thanks If you 're scared of pain , don 't play the hero That you didn 't get killed is lucky Being a police officer is about upholding law , discipline and justice Protecting civilian lives and property is our job Don 't pretend Then , why did you guys help me ? If I didn 't help you , You would have already been stabbed twice . In those circumstances , you should have just let them fight it out Then call the police to come round them up So it was your brother who originally held the marksmanship record But it 's useless , I broke it last year Also , if he got third place , then don 't put it on display My brother likes the Judo award for third place very much . He loves judo So he was happy with third place You don 't get it . This is just the words of a loser Who doesn 't want to take 1st place ? Idiot Where is your brother ? I already said that I don 't know You have a big bruise there Are you crazy ? You 're insane Lightly I 'm a bit sore back there , It won 't kill you Help me ... Lightly Grandmother , you 're back . This is my colleague , Chen Jin , Fang YiWei You are doing ... We fell over Catching a crook Have you found anything ? After the robbery , the criminals planed to escape to Thailand But on Tai O pier they were pursued by the SDU team ( SWAT ) 3 were killed , 4 escaped Only until last night , when you were with Little Tiger , did they reappear What is Little Tiger 's relationship with them ? Little Tiger was taken back to the station for questioning . The police suspect that the explosives were supplied by him But because there wasn 't enough evidence , they couldn 't hold him Also , all the security guards related to the case are dead Except for a Supervisor called He YungQiang However he is suffering from a mental illness The doctors say that it was caused by the traumatic incident He went into the mental hospital and has not yet recovered Your cousin is He YungQiang He 's in the treatment room . Up the stairs and to your left However , he can 't recognize anyone But you can go and see him Thanks G ... g ... g ... drink water ... very happy ... By your expression , I can tell you are very sick But your memory should be alright Who is behind this ? Who betrayed us ? Tell me Are you silent because you took a share of our money ? I just visited your wife You child is growing up very quickly Your son to told me you were here It 's quite good here . Beats being in prison But your family is miserable because of you . Hiding in the shadows Leading an inhuman existence Brother , it 's the cops Run He YungQiang , you really should cherish your family You 've been sick for half a year , and yet they did not leave you We 're different . We have no home Run Let go Just 7 brothers Old five Old five Now , there are only four of us After the incident , he became psychotic Not only does he not remember But he can 't process any external stimuli Exactly who betrayed us ? QiuQiu , is He YungQiang in his room ? No , he 's in the treatment room . His cousin is visiting him Shit What 's the matter ? Could it be the OCTB team ? They wouldn 't say that they were his cousin He YungQiang He YungQiang Don 't scare him Don 't worry , we 're the police Do you remember the robbery from half a year ago ? Those criminals came back If you have any info regarding them Tell us I don 't care if you are really crazy or not But your situation is very dangerous They 've already killed Little Tiger You 're next Think about it If you really had nothing to do with it , they wouldn 't come to find you Speak There 's a bomb ... A bomb ! Hey , my car Why are you getting into my car ? Quick ... Safety belt Look out . The psychotic patient is very alert Did you think that by pretending to be crazy that I wouldn 't find you ? My wife and son ? Don 't be impatient . You 'll see your family in a short while My money is in the safety deposit box . I 'll give it all to you Don 't touch my family I don 't want you . I just want what belongs to us Call him After the robbery I never saw him I don 't know how to find him Who is he ? OK Once my wife and son are safe , I 'll tell you There Call the ambulance . We need help here My leg ! Hang in there Sir ... Hang in there Get out Don 't run Get out Son-of-a-bitch Conspiring to rob the armored van . Do you know how many lives you 've ruined ? They 've got my the wife and the son I need to save them Are you crazy ? They 're kids Kids , don 't look . Lie down Kneel I promised you Once I see my wife and son I will tell you . I will definitely tell you So he really was your inside man half a year ago But getting him is useless One look and you can tell that he doesn 't have your money And if you beat him to death , then what ? Feel proud ? That 's cute . You 're talking as if you 've known me for a long time That 's right I haven 't answered your question yet Half a year ago , the armored van robbery was done by me . So what ? The half year ago a girl went shopping for a ring A wedding ring You passed by , did the robbery and ... Your explosion killed her She was my fiancée So you want revenge for your girlfriend Seems like we have something in common We seven orphans grew up together And you cops killed the 3 dearest to me You rob and kill people . You have no right to say these words If I let you go now Won 't you try to kill me ? So when a cop kills someone , it 's not considered murder ? I made myself a promise You will die a miserable death Can you kill me ? I believe I can Because I believe that there is justice in this world If you can 't even survive the next second How will you know if there is any justice in this world ? Justice ? Where is it ? Why can 't I find it ? When I had nothing to eat , where was the justice ? Justice , is pounded out with your fists Remember , you need to have strength You promised your woman I also promised my brothers If there really is justice in the world I hope both our wishes come true Why are you talking so much ? Let the kids go , and we 'll talk some more Just your look tells me you want to do me in You can 't hide your anger All these personal grudges . You 're not very professional Professional , your head You 're inhuman Whether I am human is irrelevant . Survival is all that matters Take it You look like my elder brother But you have a different personality My brother 's heart is good He 's called Wei ChingDa . Do you know him ? He is a cop . An undercover cop , right ? Where is he ? I already called him an undercover cop , do you think that he would still be alive ? I killed him He did not suffer Just one shot Why ? Why did you kill him ? Why did you kill him ? Why did you kill my brother ? I 'm going to arrest you If you want revenge , you can come get me I appreciated your brother . I 'm serious If he was not a cop , we may have been good friends Actually , you look a lot like your brother You must be another model police , right ? But , I must tell you The person who betrayed your brother was also a cop Wife Dad - Husband - Wife Dad Little Jie Dad , I miss you - I miss you too , Jie Husband , How did you get like this ? Just a misunderstanding with a friend . It 's nothing . You said that it would all be over in half a year I 'm alright now Once I sort things out here , I 'll be back in a couple of days I promise Husband , don 't leave us There 's some money in the safe-deposit box . Use it first . Remember . Go back now Remember Remember to obey mother 's words - Come back quickly I 'll come back after I sort things out here Take care of Jie , OK Come back quickly Remember , to listen to your mother Otherwise , I 'll come back to smack your bottom Husband , come back quickly - Dad The phone number is 92380906 You 're not an easy person to find It was a mistake to not have finished us off at the pier last time . Don 't talk crap I just want my money Bring it yourself to the Tamar carnival This time I cannot leave empty handed One hour . Wait for me at the Ferris wheel in the carnival Don 't try anything . Don 't force me to come the police station to get you Give me back the phone You want to die ? What are you doing ? What are you doing ? Are you human ? It 's up to your friend . If he 's not here in an hour , then ... Kids , do any of you have a hair clip ? Is the money ready ? I 'll wait under the Ferris wheel Remember , if there 's even one dollar missing , I 'll come and find you at the police station Someone will give you a case of money at the Ferris wheel Bring it back to me , I 'll wait at the east exit You have 15 minutes After that , your friend will die , along with the little kids Remember , if you take off the handcuffs , a lot of people will die Get out Inspector Muo Are the two of you crazy ? What are you doing here ? Don 't you know you 've cause so much trouble already ? Give us the money What money ? We got a lead that the criminals are hiding here They have over 10 kids This can blow at any time . We 're out of time Don 't move Don 't come over , we have a bomb Call everyone spread out Don 't be rash Don 't move , drop it Don 't move Calm down Everyone calm down . Do not come any closer Calm down Drop it - Don 't move Don 't move Danger , danger , run - Move away Chen Jin and Fang YiWei have kidnapped Inspector Muo How did this happen ? Inspector Muo got a lead that the criminals would be at the carnival He took a team there . Who knows , something happened . They 're both police officers Even in the police , there can be bad cops Its Superintendant Zhang How many people on the scene were injured ? I 've never seen this before . - What is this ? Don 't touch it , it 's a bomb ! What the hell are you doing ? We 're all cops here If this continues , even the Chief Superintendant can 't protect you Wei ChingHao and a bunch of kids are in their hands We 're not stupid , Inspector Muo Your saying that Tian YangSheng kidnapped kids and forced you to come and pick up the money ? What have you found in your investigation ? After they robbed the armored van half a year ago The mastermind behind the scene took all the money Now they 're back for revenge Really ? They killed Little Tiger first Then the van 's security guard , He YungQiang Do you know who mastermind is ? Not yet , but we know that he is a cop The crims are already looking for him OK , I 'll believe you . Hand over your guns first I 'll call someone to rescue Wei ChingHao and those kids Quickly , what 's their position ? Hello ? They didn 't come . Only 2 cops Fang YiWei and Chen Jin I said that they didn 't come I told you not to screw with them They 're coming to the police station to get you I know what to do Why ? There 's no way to explain . As a cop , if you take one wrong step there is no turning back Sorry OK , I 'll believe you . Hand over your guns first I 'll call someone to rescue Wei ChingHao and those kids Quickly , what 's their position ? If he really wanted to help us , he wouldn 't need to take our guns Inspector Muo Up there , get them What does it say ? Hurry ... hurry ... Hurry Everyone run ... Quickly I can 't find my sister My sister is missing Where is my sister ? All of you , run over there See who can run the fastest Are you for real ? Get up ... I am Wei ChingHao Do you have any news about the two of them ? They 've been involved in a incident at the carnival I still haven 't heard from them It 's me Where are you ? Are you alright ? Wei ChingHao called . He and the kids are fine He 's alright ? Write down this number 92380906 Intercept this line for me See who owns it , and where they are That 's all The situation is hard to predict Your phone is ringing Hello ? Inspector Muo is dead and I know who you are I want half of that US $ 100 mil Don 't screw around with me . The criminals are ... - Let 's speak later What 's the matter ? Superintendant Zhang , Superintendant Luo They 've found Inspector Muo 's body What ? Notify the team That they must be caught at all costs Yes Have you intercepted the line ? I have It came from this station It was Superintendant Zhang . Zhang WenYao The call came from his office Got it Zhang WenYao Our superiors have issued a warrant for your arrest . How did this happen ? Where is Superintendant Zhang ? - He 's still in his office Find out who he 's been in contact with and let us know Hello ? Superintendant Zhang . The Chief Superintendant is here . He 's furious and he wants to see you Where ? His says that he wants you in the board room I 'm coming Why did you do it ? Why did you kill Inspector Muo ? Why ? Did you accept money ? The criminals gave you money ? You are failures as police You can believe it or not The people behind the robbery of the armored van , Was Inspector Muo and Superintendant Zhang Do you know that the person you killed was a Chief Inspector Don 't think that you can just get away with false accusations Can I say something , Sir ? Speak On that day , apart from Superintendant Zhang No one else knew the route of the armored car Moreover , no one else would know that the felons would escape to Tai O pier And then appear at the Tamar carnival , Sir I don 't have time to explain it all to you , Sir Superintendent Zhang took the money And the crims are coming to the station to get him Coming where ? To the police station ? This is a police station . What do you think it is ? Some kind of playground ? Anyway , their target is Zhang WenYao Wherever Zhang WenYao is , they will be there , Sir Don 't give me any more of this rubbish The police department is now formally charging you You can get a lawyer No need to say any more to me . Tell it to the judge Superintendant Luo , there 's a colleague from CIB who says that there 's something urgent What is it ? Superintendant Luo , I 've uncovered some information Half a year ago , Superintendant Zhang looked into Wei ChingDa 's case Afterwards , no over saw Wei ChingDa again . Also he ... Are you trying to tell me that Superintendant Zhang is linked to the criminals ? That 's correct . One hour ago , Superintendant Zhang Transferred all his money into Canada And has booked a ticket to Canada tonight If you do not intercept him now , it will be too late Quiet Go home now , be good and listen to your parents , OK OK I 've got to go and catch a thief now Be careful Goodbye Michelle Can you take these children home ? These kids here ? Ok , just go .. Thank you Wait for me at the entrance Be on time Enough stop I was wrong But I didn 't plan on betraying you I thought that it was just a robbery But you killed so many cops . You tell me , else could I have done ? If you came to kill me , why would I sit here and wait for you ? But you forced me You would do the same in my position How about this ? If it 's about the money We 'll spit it Killing me is pointless I 'll give you my share The money is in the garage . I 'll take you there What ? I 've found Superintendant Zhang . They were heading for the garage Go The money is all here This is all of it Don 't kill me ... It 's all here ... Take it . I haven 't touched it Just don 't kill me , please Superintendant Do you want to run away ? Why are you linked with the criminals ? Why did you do this ? Do you know how many people you 've ruined ? How can you face your colleagues ? How can you face me ? Are you short on money ? If you are , then you can ask me . Fool , I 'm wasting my breath Where did those shots come from ? In that direction Freeze Petrol , run I 'm alright Notify everyone That the criminals are dressed as police officers and have infiltrated the building Go , quickly Everyone out ... Everyone out , one by one Everyone out . Don 't panic Freeze Don 't run Stop Superintendant Luo , are you OK ? We 're on the same side Still running ? Retreat Superintendant Zhang Sir , the scene is locked down It 's too dangerous . They have weapons , bombs and hostages Call a retreat This is not by the rules , Sit That is an order ! Retreat Don 't move Do it Do it for your brother What are you waiting for ? Your elder brother once had the same opportunity to kill me But because he was so sentimental , I killed him instead Do it Hit this spot . This is where your brother was shot I am a felon . If you kill me , no one will blame you You need to do this to be able to face your brother Quick Killing should be ecstatic Is killing ecstatic ? Must one kill to survive ? This world is not like this I have no right to kill you . I am a cop And you have been caught You 're foolish like your brother Like my brother , our responsibility was to catch you , not kill you Police , freeze - I am ... You shot the wrong person ! Idiot , why didn 't you shoot ? Your brother said the same thing to me But it 's a shame I am different from you people I exist in a dog-eat-dog world If you do not kill , you will be killed I am a criminal . There is no way to change that You won 't understand But you 've already changed The bomb on the school bus did not explode It proves that you still have a conscience Why ... Why do you have the courage to kill , but not to change ? Surrender . You won 't be able to escape Put your hands on your head and come out I promise you , I will be a good person But only in my next life . Hey ! Drop the gun You want me to kill you before I can take the money ? I want you to go down and apologize to my girlfriend You can 't get your revenge . How sad . Your life is so hard Killing you , can also be a kind of relief Hey The money is here Old three Police Wei ChingHao Arrest him ... Arrest him Let go , he 'll kill you Arrest him ... Arrest him ... Wei ChingHao Wei ChingHao . - Sorry , I gave it all I had Everything will be alright . You 've only lost a little blood I am not afraid My brother said that if you did right , then you needn 't be afraid We know that you and your brother were good officers Wei , you were always so good However , don 't be so stubborn Relax a little , old friend Sorry , I looked at your pictures without asking You must continue to be a person worthy of her love We are police officers A friend of 20 years . I also didn 't want this But if you don 't die , then I 'm finished If I had a choice , I wouldn 't do this Drop the gun - Freeze Sir , are you OK ? Release them ... I 'm alright . Everyone listen to me Let them go Let them go . They are with us . Release them Call the Chief Superintendant I thought you died It 's alright . Don 't cry Be good Sorry What are you doing tomorrow ? Looking for a job . - Include me too Let 's go Give me some face . Do you know who I am ? I play cards with your Chief Superintendant every night $ 320 . It 's nothing . $ 640 . So what ? I don 't see you being so heroic catching thieves Look at your face . Your eyebrows are too narrow , you 'll never make any money Sir , if you keep going I can take you back to the station and charge you with obstruction of justice Dad , don 't Hello ? Hey cousin , where are you ? We 're moving out Understood
