 - Planning vacations , Mr. Sullivan ? - No . No , just a reading to pass the time . Step ahead , Mr. Sullivan . You 're expected in room 102 , down the hall , to the right . Thank you . - What is your name ? - Morgan Sullivan . - Where were you born ? - Madison , Wisconsin . - Are you a spy ? - No . - Are you an undercover operative for Sunways Systems ? - No . Were you paid by Sunways System to steal data from digicorp Technologies ? No . Have you ever worked in any capacity at Sunways Systems ? This is a technology firm . If we chose to employ you as an agent of digicorp , you will spy on other corporations , inform us of their business plans , research programs and counter intelligence operations . Thus far your determination has been very impressive . Well if there is anything more I can tell you about myself . Anything that has not already been checked by digicorp ? Your personal records are fine . You 've passed a neurograh five times . - I 'll take the test again if you 'd like me to . - You 've been married for 4 years . You live in a respectable neighborhood , you 've always had stable jobs , you 've an excellent credit history . No drug habits , no drinking problems . You don 't smoke , no other vices to speak of . Is there anything else we should know about you ? It might have taken me quite a while to get to this point , Mr. Finster ... but now that I 'm here , I 'm gonna make the most of it . This is who I am ... And this is what I want to do . - The stakes in this line of work are very high . - Yes , I understand . - It will be like nothing you 've ever done before . - I 'm prepared for that . You 'll be sent in conventions across the country , you 'll record the speeches . - That 's been made very clear . - You 'll have to deceive other people about what you do for a living . - Yes . - Even your own wife . - Yes . - You don 't mind lying to your wife ? No . No , I don 't mind . That was a good one . Move on ahead to the next station . Hello Mr. Sullivan . Keep it out of view until the convention speeches actually start . Press the back notch . You see the flash . It 's now on . Press again . It 's now off . - Easy , isn 't it ? - And the transmissions are really clear ? Within 15 yards . Just keep it upfront for good reception . - Where the signals go ? - Up to our satellite systems and back down to our databanks . - I guess the speeches must be pretty important . - The speeches are not your concern Mr. Sullivan . Just do your job , follow our instructions , nothing else . Do you understand ? Yes , Mr. Finster ... Ready . - Jack Thursby ! ? - That 's what you 'll be called from now on . As far as digicorp is concerned , Morgan Sullivan doesn 't exist . We never met him , and never will . - What 's he like ? - Pardon ? What 's his personality ? He 's whoever you want him to be . Buffalo ? Why do they need you to go all the way to Buffalo ? They want me to show them the spreadsheet software I was using at my last job . - And you 'll be paid freelance for this ? - Sure . Independent contractor . You know , if this things work out , there could be more trips down the road . I thought we agreed you weren 't going back to work yet . Not until that position at my father 's firm open up . - I can do this in the meantime , can 't I ? - I really need you at home right now Morgan . With me being so busy with the Williams case . It 's only temporary honey . And I won 't be gone for long . After the convention you 'll confirm the transmission on your returning flight . - Do you remember the location of the briefcase ? - Yes . - Good luck , M. Thursby . We 're counting on you . - Thank you . I left it in the stall . Something to drink , sir ? I 'll have a Ginger Ale . Actually I 'll have a Scotch . Single malt . On the rocks . Welcome to Buffalo , Mr. Thursby . This is our new mascara line . It 's hypoallergenic and vitamin enriched . - Fred Garfield . - Hi . Jack Thursby . Fairway Fragrances . Where are they located exactly ? Tulsa , Oklahoma . I 've got family from Tulsa . You don 't have much of an accent . - I didn 't grow up there . - Where did you grow up ? - I said : Where did you grow up ? - South Pacific . - I 'm sorry , where ? - The South Pacific islands . Tuamoto archipelago , french polynesia , Tahiti , Papeete . - It 's pretty unusual ! - I plan to go there someday . When I retire . Water sir ? - Thanks . - Well , see you around Jack . Sure ... Fred . The conference room will be open in five minutes . Good morning everyone . My name is Robert Tuttle . I 'll be your first speaker . I 'll first discuss shaving cream distribution outlets in North American market . Let me begin by acknowledging what has become axiomatic in the field of shaving cream distribution , namely that shaving cream , indeed almost all personal hygiene products for men are what we call fashion resistant . The overwhelming majority of shaving cream users will adopt a brand and remain loyal to it . There is a difference in methods used to penetrate that market . These two methods , employed by the respective companies , really illustrate the essential strategic choice that faces ... The Mediterranean is beautiful , but if it 's real sailing , I 'll recommend the Sunda islands in the Banda sea . I was there on a trip last spring . - Your cigarettes , sir . - Thank you very much . Cohibas , my favorite brand . - Thank you . Oh I 'm sorry ... - Thank you . Would you excuse me . - Good evening sir . What 'll it be ? - Give me a scotch , single malt , on the rocks . Haven 't we seen each other before ? You 'll have to come up with something more original than that . I 'm here for the convention . That 's fascinating . - You 're in marketing , right ? - No , sales . - Is there a difference ? - What about you ? - I do health inspections of hotel restaurants . - That sounds interesting . - No , it doesn 't . - You have an answer for everything ? Yes . Rita Foster . Jack Thursby . So what do you do besides travel to dull cities and talk to women in hotel bars ? - I ... play golf . - Are you any good ? - No . - Honesty , I like that . - What else do you like ? - No commitments . No bullshit . - And no rings . - No rings ? You might want to take yours off I 'm sorry ... I 'll leave you alone now . Your transmission came through , Mr. Thursby . The signal was clear . I 'd like to do something else on the next trip . I think I 'm ready to handle a bigger assignment . We 'll be sending you to Omaha next Wednesday . You 'll perform the same job that you did in Buffalo . Omaha ? Why can 't they find someone in Omaha ? Why do they need to fly you all the way out there ? It doesn 't make sense . Morgan ? Morgan , are you listening to me ? Since when did you ever care about golf ? You 're not going on this trip , Morgan . I 'm sorry . - What do you mean , I 'm not going ? - My father wants you to come to his office tomorrow . Getting a position with his company is more important than a silly freelance job . - I said I 'd go . - You 're not going , Morgan . End of discussion ! You 're staying here . I 'll call my father tonight , and ... Tell your father to go fuck himself . What did you just say ? Say you 're sorry , Morgan . Morgan .. ! If you don 't apologize , I want you out of this house . Morgan , are you listening to me ? What 's in god 's name has gotten into you ? Since when did you start smoking ? Morgan , what 's going on ? I think I deserve an explanation . Your scotch , Mr. Thursby . Turn around slowly please . - What is your transmission device ? - I thought you were a health inspector . I 'll ask you again : What is your transmission device ? The pen . In my jacket pocket . Do not turn the pen on . When you 're inside the convention room , keep the pen turned off . Do not send the transmission to digicorp . If you tell digicorp you met me , they 'll kill you . Take two every six hours . And you 'll get rid of the nightmares you 've been having . The headaches will go away too . And the pain in the back of your neck . - How do you know I 'm having nightmares ? - We 'll be in touch in Boise . - What 'll they do if I don 't turn on my pen ? - Just remember who you are . You are Morgan Sullivan . You are not Jack Thursby . Wait ... Good morning everyone . I 'm Alex Chen . I 'll be your first speaker . Ladies and gentlemen , I 'm here to address the controversy that has been raging around new techniques in the preparation of processed cheese . Now , at the risk of over simplifying , the question facing the average manufacturer of processed cheese is this : Given increased consumer prejudice against chemicals additives . How do we stand the tide away from natural or organics based products ? Well I 'm glad to here that there were no problems at the convention , Mr. Thursby . I 'll call down to the lab , to make sure the transmission went through - Excellent work , Mr. Thursby . - Thank you . Your transmission came through perfectly . Just as clear as the last time . I want you to take another trip , Boise , Idaho . We 've scheduled a connecting flight for you to board once you 've landed . You won 't have time to go home . - That 's not a problem , is it ? - No , no problem . Room 1493 , Mr. Thursby . The convention room will be open in one hour . Thank you . Mr. Thursby ... One last thing . The first letter from each word is the phone number to call her . Hello , Mr. Sullivan . You 've dialed a special number that can 't be traced or monitored . Now listen carefully . Take the service elevator at the end of the hall , down to the basement level . - You 'll be clear for the next five minutes . - Wait a minute ... Keep moving . Roll up your sleeve please . We don 't have much time . Are you insane ? You 're not sticking that into me . - He is a medical trainee , Mr. Sullivan . - I don 't care if he is a fucking brain surgeon ! You 're not gonna drug me We 're undrugging you . The shot will block out the digicorp narcotics . The chemicals they are putting in your blood 's stream at every convention Do you normally drink something inside the convention room ? - Mineral water . - The drug is tasteless and odorless . You wouldn 't have known Did you take the pills I gave you ? Have the noises in your head started to go away ? - And reoccurring dreams ? - What is this ? Why didn 't digicorp check my transmission in Omaha ? There was no transmission in Omaha . Or in Buffalo , or anywhere else . - Why are they sending me at these conventions ? - The conventions are charades . You and the other convention guests all work for digicorp . You 're all spies You 're given phoney assignments , phoney identities . You think your pen is a transmitting device . Another guest thinks it 's his tie clip or a watch . The all thing is just a ploy to keep you all distracted . To not realize what 's going on . What is really going on ? If you want answers , take the shot . When you 're inside the room , act as you always act . Order the mineral water , drink it . Don 't make them suspicious . The shot we gave you should protect you . - Should protect ? What if it doesn 't ? - Listen to me carefully . Whatever happens in that room , show no reactions , no emotions , no surprise . No matter what you see , do not move . What will I see ? - Who sent you ? - A friend . I don 't have any friends . - When will I see you again ? - Soon . I promess . There are several points of interests here . First of all the fact , that buyer impressive margin in new home purchases took most of the brunt of that decline . By this I mean that sales of older homes indent on an individual basis leaves considerably more room for negotiations . Therefore in those sales we are more likely to find that the official rise in mortgage rates The prospective rates of return on high tech investments , which led to a surge in business capital spending and significantly increased the underlined gross rate of productivity . The capitalization of these higher than expected returns boosted equity prices generally beyond that expected by the enhanced rise in real income . The elevated level of light vehicles sales for example has put more vehicles on the road than the industry could sustain . And even though demand for a number of high tech products was doubling or tripling annually , in many cases new supply was coming on even faster . Overall capacity in high tech manufacturing industries rose nearly 50 % last year . Well in excess of it 's rapid rate of increase , accordingly the slowdown in the economy that began in the middle of last year intensified , perhaps even to the point of growth stalling out around the turn of the year . As the economy slowed , equity in prices failed , especially in the high tech sector , were previous high evaluations were being reevaluated resulting in significant losses in some investments . Clearly some slowing in the pace of spending was necessary If the economy was to progress in a balanced and sustainable growth . With the process likely intensified by the rise in the cost of energy , Inventory sales ratios grows only slowly even after the policy actions taken in January the risk continues still towards ... Just a reflex . You are not Morgan Sullivan . You are not married to Amy Sullivan . Your wife is Diane Thursby ... Your wife is Diane Thursby . You live in Redmond , Washington . Accordingly to boost economic conditions the federal reserve has quicken the pace of adjustment for its policy . In conclusion : a cautious approach is always the best strategy . Thank you for your attention . Excuse-me , Do you have the time ? - The time ... your watch ... ? - Yes , it 's three thirty . Already ? The last speech just flew by . Did you enjoy it ? Yes , very much . Allo ? It 's for you . DigiCorp will approach you at the airport . Tell them you are Jack Thursby . Tell them you 've never heard of Morgan Sullivan . Make them think you 're brainwashed . If you 're exposed , they 'll kill you . - What happened back there ? - You 're feeling the side effects of the neutralizing agent in your system . Don 't worry . You 'll be fine . Mr. Sullivan ? There has been a changed of plans , Mr. Sullivan . You need to come to digicorp local 's office right away . Mr. Sullivan ? Mr. Sullivan ? Are you alright ? I think you 're mistaken . My name isn 't Sullivan . You 're not Morgan Sullivan ? - You don 't work for digicorp ? - No , my name is Thursby , Jack Thursby . I think you 're looking for somebody else . I 'm sorry , Mr. Thursby . My mistake . That 's ok . Hello sir . How are you ? I just need to see your boarding pass , please . Thank you . - Thank you . - You 're welcome . Your turn . There is not much hot water left . Sorry . - Can I make dinner half an hour earlier tonight ? - Sure . I wrote down a list of errands I need you to do today . You car key are on the foyer next to your briefcase . Right were you left them . Interview SUNWAYS SYSTEMS 10h30 Planning a trip ? It 's just some reading to pass the time . You 're expected in reception , Mr. Thursby . Down the hall , and to the left . - What is your name ? - Jack Thursby . My name is Frank Calloway . I 'm head of security for Sunways Systems . According to your neurograph , you 're lying . You 're lying when you say that your name is Jack Thursby . You 're lying when you say you are not an undercover agent . You 're lying when you say that you do not work for digicorp . And I cannot tell you how happy that makes us . No way , I 'm not going back to that house . You 're in a unique position here , Morgan . DigiCorp thinks that you 're brainwashed as Jack Thursby , they think that you 've passed our neurograph , and they want us to hire you as one of our agents . - I don 't care what they want ! - Your counter intelligence work for Sunways will be very simple . DigiCorp will never suspect that you 're working for us , so they won 't watch you too closely while you 're in the house . All you 'll have to do is place one bug in each room . You don 't fucking understand . I 'm going home . I 'm going to my real home . You real home is gone , Morgan . Your wife has put your house for sale . Her lawyer has been trying to contact you for the last few days . She filed for divorce , three days ago . I 'm sorry , Morgan . - I know this is hard for you ... - I want to see Rita . Rita Foster . - She pulled me out of the brainwasher . - No Morgan , you cannot see her . - Why not ? She works for you . - She does not work for us . - But you sent her to find me at the hotels , right ? - No . But you know who she works for ? Who does she work for ? - She works for Sebastian Rooks . - Who is Sebastian Rooks ? Sebastian Rooks is a freelance operative , who we hired to find out how digicorp was getting their agents passed our neurograph . Then we asked him to send us an agent who wasn 't brainwashed . He delivered you . He is the best in the business , but he is also very dangerous and very ruthless . I advise you to stay away from him . Stay away from him ... and her . Look ... We 're offering you a very good deal here . When your work for us is finished , we will give you a new identity . And a new home , somewhere very far away , and safe from digicorp . I 'm sorry , Mr. Calloway , you 'll have to find someone else for your job . You won 't last long out there . Anywhere you go outside this complex , digicorp will have agents watching you . If you try to run ... If you behave like Morgan Sullivan instead of Jack Thursby , they will eliminate you . Quick , efficient and ruthless . You 're fortunate , Morgan . If we hadn 't interrupted the brainwashing process , you 'd be like the other convention guests . Programmed with a new identity , sent to companies across the globe . Disposed of , when outlived you usefulness for digicorp . You have a chance to fight back . So ... Are you ready to be a spy , Morgan ? I 'll get some more broccolis . Phone lines are tapped . We 've got a visual on all the rooms . Here they are . In the dining room . The saltshaker gives us a nice angle , isn 't it ? He believes he is Jack Thursby . And he believes I 'm his wife . He has adjusted to this house ... - Who is she talking to ? - digicorp agents . She is giving them a report on you . He spends much of his time indoor . Of course he has no friends and he has little contacts with the outside world . The Internet line is up to . Excellent work , Morgan . Excellent . My God ... My life is the same as it ever was . That 's because digicorp monitored your old life , and then duplicated it . Helps easing the transition when becoming another person . That 's not who I am anymore . I smoke cigarettes . I like to drink scotch . I play golf . I 'm not supposed to live in the suburbs . I 'm not supposed to be like that . I 'm sorry if you 're disappointed , Morgan . That is your vision of Jack Thursby . It is not DigiCorps . You guys can clean up the camera reception in that hallway ? Yes , Jamison ? This isn 't Jamison . It is Morgan Sullivan . - What do you want , Mr. Sullivan ? - I need your help . I want to hire Sebastian Rooks . - Still there ? - Goodbye , Mr. Sullivan . - I 'll pay for his services . - He doesn 't work for individuals . - Tell him to make an exception . I 'll do whatever it takes . - You 're on your own . I 'm sorry . No ... No ! - Listen , you got to help me . - There is nothing I can ... You got to help me , please . You said I could trust you . I believed you when you said that . Meet me at the carwash at fourth and Jefferson in three hours . Morgan ! We 're sending you on your first assignment next week . Our surveillance of your house has already paid off . We know exactly what sort of data digicorp is trying to steal from us . So , tonight , you 'll say that you 're going out of town on a business trip . Now , you know how to tell her that , right ? - Morgan ? - Yes . You 'll stick to the script Morgan . You won 't try anything risky . You understand me ? Sebastian Rooks has agreed to help you . - When does he want to meet me ? - Not yet . He is in the car behind us . - How much money does Rooks want ? - He is not interested in your money . The situation , he thinks he can use it to his advantage . - How ? - I 'll be in touch with you in Wichita . That 's where Sunways will be sending you on your last assignment . How do you know that ? They haven 't even told me . Rooks knows . He knows everything . - Can I trust Rooks ? - I can 't give you warranties . But he has the resources to provide you with a new life , a new identity . It 's your choice , Mr. Sullivan . What will I have to do ? Sunways will send you on a series of assignments . You 'll receive a disk on each trip . DigiCorp 's agents will be following you , wherever you go . Let them . That 's what Sunways wants . At each destination you 'll be met by a Sunways contact . They 'll download data onto your disk . DigiCorp 's agents will assume you are receiving valuable information . As you travel to more cities collect more data , and complete more assignments , You agent status will rise . DigiCorp will then assume you have become one of Sunways top company man . Jack ? Each disk you bring home will seem more important than the last . As they copy the Sunways files , digicorp will think they have won a major victory against their greatest rival . In reality digicorp is the loser . Sunways is feeding them corrupt data that will sabotage their operations . But make no mistake Mr. Sullivan . Sunways is just as ruthless as digicorp . Once this operation is complete , they will eliminate you . Rooks will protect you . Please , you can trust me . We 're sending you to Kansas . Wichita . It 's almost over , Morgan . After this trip to the Vault , your work for us will be finished . - The Vault ? - It 's our data warehouse . It 's completely insulated from the outside world , but we send in agents carrier , if we need to retrieve or add a file . You will be our next carrier . And digicorp will think they have hit the mother load . We need to keep our voices down . Switch this disk with the one in your briefcase , before you go to the Vault . Take of your ring . - What ? - Your ring . This is a tracking device . It 'll give us your precise location at all times . Does this mean we can see each other again ? I 'll pick you up after you leave the Vault . deliver you to Rooks . - I mean after that . - We can never see each other again . It would compromise your new identity . I 'm never getting out of this , am I ? 500 Horse Creek Road , please . I know where to go . Settle down , Mr. Sullivan . We have a long ride ahead of us . You don 't have to pretend to be Thursby . I know you 're not brainwashed . I know that Sunways has been using you as a double agent against digicorp . You 're gonna kill me ? Not if you return your loyalty to me . Instead of Sebastian Rooks . Oh yeah , I know that you work for him . As a matter of fact , we both do . I 'm Rooks inside source at digicorp . - His what ? - He paid me to hire you . So you could be his pawn Once you were sent of to Sunways . You didn 't think I hired you because I was impressed by you , did you ? It 's a good plan , really . Rooks knew that you would appear in Kansas , on the way to the Sunways Vault . He knew he could convince you to switch their disk with his . - That was his scheme , from the very start . - Its not possible . Rooks disk contains a search program . It 'll penetrate the Vault 's secure network , and quietly steal a data file without triggering any alarms . What data file ? Who knows ? But if Rooks has gone through all this trouble to get it , It must be extremely valuable . His plan was full proof . Except for one factor he failed to consider . Me . - What do you want ? - When you come out of the Vault , deliver the disk to me , not Rooks . I 've been loyal to digicorp all along . Why should I trust you ? Or digicorp ? Because we 'll let you live , and Rooks won 't . It 's as simple as that . No one sees his face , and lives to tell about it . - No one sees his face ? - He is a deep cover operative . A Yuri in cyberspace . He is a phantom . The companies hire him without actually knowing who he is . If they did , they 'd kill him . The moment you give that disk to Rooks , is the moment he eliminates you . There is only one person Rooks trust with his identity . Rita Foster . His lover . She is completely loyal to him . No one else . I 'm the only person you can trust now . I 'll be inner by when you come out . Just in case we get separated ... No charge for the ride ... Good evening , Mr. Thursby . My name is Virgil Dunn . Welcome to the Vault . First time ? I hope you did not have a big dinner . Step ahead , please . Now that we know , you are bug free , We 'll call you by your real name , Morgan . Dunn , Virgil C. Hand your disk now , please ? Good , good . DigiCorp will cream in their pants , when they copy the bogus data I just copied down for them . You wouldn 't believe the number of time , they tried to jack into the system down there . - Have they ever succeeded ? - Hell no . This place is tighter than a nun 's ass hole . A snort , while we wait ? - Sure . - I distill it myself down here . Its one of my little hobbies to pass the time . - Thanks . - To the information age . I used to be an agent like you once . I was the best mole spotter in the business . You put me in a room with a possible double agent , let me ask him a couple of questions and I could tell you right there , whether he was a spy or not . That was before Sunways put me down here . It was 3 years ago . - What happened ? - Those fucking machines , is what happened . They said the neurographs were 100 % accurate , but I wasn 't . They said a really good spy , or really good liar could trick me everytime . " It 's bullshit " , I told them . They wouldn 't listen . You see , there are things that only a person can know about another person , Mr. Sullivan . things that a machine could never pick up . For example , let me ask you a couple of questions . What is your favorite drink ? Go ahead , answer . I just want to put my point . What is your favorite drink ? Scotch . Single malt . On the rocks . You 're telling the truth . - Being married ? - Yes , I am . Truth again . See you 're very , very easy to read . Now , are you in love with your wife ? - Yes . - There , you just lied , right ? Yes , I lied . It 's more than just questions , however . For instance ... I 'm sensing a kind of tension in you . It 's been evident ever since I put your disk in my computer . Why would that be ? We both know this disk is from Sunways . There is nothing on it that should make you uneasy . - One last question , right ? - Sure . Are you a double agent ? Where is Mr. Dunn ? He decided to stay in his office . - Right , you can go ahead , Mr. Sullivan . - Thank you . Don 't let him go ! Emergency crews are on their ways . For your safety , please remain inside the elevator . Please remain inside the elevator . Emergency crews are on their ways . For your safety , please remain inside the elevator . Jump ! Now ! I told you I 'd know where you 'd be . - I can take the disk now ? - Is this Rooks ? Jamison , one of our operatives . Rooks is back at the hotel . He is looking forward to seeing you . The car is waiting downstairs . Call me when you get to the lab . - This is where Rooks lives ? - For now . He moves around a lot . - But you know where he is at all times ? - We have a special relationship . You assignment is nearly finished , Mr. Sullivan . I 'll be back in a moment . Finster . - It 's Morgan Sullivan . - Sullivan , what happened to you ? I 'm in the penthouse suite of an old building I don 't know where it is . We 're tracing the call . We 'll be there shortly . Where is Rooks ? - I 'm just about to meet him . - Get off the phone before he sees you . He will kill you , understand ? Hold on to the disk . We are on the way . - Don 't come any closer . - Put the gun down , Mr. Sullivan . I 'll break it , If you come any further , I 'll break it . I gave you the Sunways disk . this one is yours . The one Rooks wants . Stop ! - You really don 't want to do that . - You used me . You and Rooks . - You used me from the very start . - Wait , let me explain ... No . Finster already explained everything . - When did you talk to Finster ? - He is on his way . I just called him . If Rooks wants this disk before Finster arrives , then you 'd better unlock that door and let me go . Listen to me ... Sebastian Rooks is not the person you think he is . - Sebastian Rooks is a ruthless spy , and so are you . - No , you 're wrong . He is ... I know about you . I know about the two of you . I know about your special relationship . - Please just hear me ... - I don 't want to hear anymore lies ! God , I can 't believe I thought you actually cared about me . - I can 't believe I was such a fool . - I do care about you . No ... Just go see Rooks . It will be Ok . Hurry ! Find him ... I tried stopping you . But you insisted . You said it was the only way to steal the data from the Vault . Welcome home , Mr. Rooks . Come on . Finster will be here any minute . No more lies . You cannot trick me anymore . Listen to me . You are not Morgan Sullivan . You created him out of your own imagination . Your life in the suburbs , your miserable marriage ... You wife Amy was one of your own operative playing a part . You assigned her . The more you fight the truth , the more it will hurt . You used the same brainwashing technique digicorp uses . You were the one who sold them the technology to begin with . - It 's nonsense ! - It makes perfect sense ! Turning yourself into Morgan Sullivan was the only way you could pass digicorp 's neurograph . It was the only way you could get hired to be their spy and get sent to Sunways . - Why would anyone do this ? - For this . - What 's on it ? - I was hoping you could tell me . - You don 't know ? - I 've put a lot of faith into this assignment . Freeze ! - Sunways security ! Identify yourself . - digicorp 's security ! - Are you following me , Calloway ? - I 'm here for Rooks , not you . That 's who I 'm here for . - You 've flying this before ? - No , never . You know how to fly it . You designed it . - I don 't know what to do . - Sebastian Rooks knows . - I don 't remember Sebastian Rooks ! - You remembered you loved me . Just think . They are out . Did you get a look at him ? Did you see Rooks ' face ? Just Morgan Sullivan , our pawn . Jesus , he is Rooks . Is it what you wanted ? Yes . It 's you . The file in the Vault was ... erased . And this is the only copy . Now there is no copy at all . Subtitles : Yeti
