 [ Theme music continues ] [ Eerie instrumental music ] [ High-speed roar ] richie : Bogie at twelve o 'clock ! Gotcha ! I have engagement of unidentified flying object on Banning Ranch Road westbound , moving like a bat out of hell . [ Dramatic instrumental music ] Ninety degree lower altitude , max G-reader at absolutely impossible . [ Stutters incoherently ] You idiot . This is not happening . This is not happening ! Shoot ! richie : [ Shouts ] Hey ! I come in peace . This is not happening . - Hi . - Hi . You said on the phone you received something urgent . You 're right , I did . And I think it 's really important you got right down here , Agent Scully . Thanks . Are you gonna tell me what it is ? I passed it on to A.D. Skinner . I 'd like for him to tell you . Here they are . Should I ask Agent Scully about her travel plans ? No . She 'll be flying with us . SCULLY : What ? What is it ? Let 's go into my office . All right , what 's going on here ? SKlNNER : A report came in last night from Montana , about a UFO encounter . What kind of encounter ? A young man chased a bright object flying low across the sky . He tracked it to a big field where the UFO disappeared but where he claimed he saw an alien . SCULLY : Asst. Director , I 've got drawers full of reports that begin just like that . Are you gonna say what 's so important about this case ? The young man 's named Richie Szalay . UFO nut from Bellefleur , Oregon . You and Agent Mulder met him out there last spring . Are you trying to tell me this has something to do with Mulder ? He 's trying to tell you that it might . SKlNNER : Richie Szalay didn 't find an alien last night , he found a woman . A woman whose name you will remember : Theresa Hoese . She was that young mother who was abducted the night before Mulder . And who was returned last night . SCULLY : Returned ? Hanging onto life by a thread . - Who is Mr. Skinner ? - l 'm Skinner . Are you Dr. Desai ? I was just told you were on your way , that you flew from Washington D.C. - We 're here to see Theresa Hoese . - l know . I just wish someone would tell me these things because this woman is in no condition- - - What is her condition ? - She 's circling the drain . In 12 years , I have never seen anything near this level of mistreatment . DOGGETT : It 's important we see the victim and talk to her about what happened . Just promise me , whoever did this you guys will do everything in your power to catch them . By rights , this young woman shouldn 't even be alive . DR. DESAl : The medic said she asked for her baby last night . But she hasn 't said a word otherwise . I suspect that 's all she 's holding on to . What 's upsetting is it 's almost like someone was experimenting on her . SKlNNER : What exactly did they do to her ? Inside her cheeks , there 's tissue damage in a linear pattern . Her chest was cut into , and organ tissue in her abdomen scooped away . In the x-rays , I see damage to the soft palate . In the x-rays , did you see anything else ? Foreign objects ? - l 'm not sure what you mean . - Little pieces of metal. implants . DR. DESAl : No. I didn 't . There was an Agent Doggett requesting a police report . You 're welcome to stay here and discuss foreign objects , but it looks like we got a suspect . TV : U.S. pilots patrolling Germany ... . [ Knocking ] Richie Szalay ? Yeah ? TV : ... describing maneuverable balls of light referred to as " Foo Fighters . " [ insistent knocking ] - Richie ? - Yeah ? John Doggett , I 'm an fbi agent . This is Agent Scully , Assistant Director Skinner , our boss . - Do you mind if we come in ? - You 're already in . I know you . Do I know you ? You do , Richie . From Oregon . We met late last spring , you remember ? SKlNNER : Richie , if you live in Oregon what are you doing in Montana ? My buddy , Gary , he was abducted right before your partner . I came looking for him . DOGGETT : So you just came out here on a lark ? No , I was following the news . - The news ? - All that 's in the last two weeks . richie : I go on these Internet chat rooms to talk about sightings and junk . After Oregon , there wasn 't a whole lot . But then all of a sudden in Montana ... . I never ... . l never thought I 'd find Mrs. Hoese like that , not in a million years . DOGGETT : When you found her body , you said you saw somebody with her . You told the police it was an alien . Do you know what a moulage casting is , Richie ? It 's what the cops take when they find shoe prints . They do these plastic castings . The ones they got from the field that night were from nine-and-a-half Nikes . - Ever hear of an alien in Nikes ? - Doesn 't mean it wasn 't . Did it ever occur to you that it wasn 't an alien , but a man ? Then what about his spaceship ? SCULLY : Agent Doggett ? What was that in there ? That was pressing the witness to get to the truth . You refuse to believe that anything other than a man could have done this . Could 've done what we saw to that woman in the hospital . It 's not worth arguing about . The point here is to find Mulder . And for months , we have been looking for a break , which is what we 've got here . What we 've got is hope . But let 's be honest , Agent Scully , about what no one wants to say . Bad as you want to find Mulder , you 're afraid to find him , too . [ Terrified gasp ] [ Knocking ] What if he 's dead ? I 'm sorry . I just had a bad dream . Let me get some clothes on . I once had a talk with Mulder about starlight . How it 's billions of years old . SCULLY : Stars that are now long dead , whose light is still traveling through time . They won 't die , that light . Maybe that 's the only thing that never does . He said that 's where souls reside . I hope he 's right . If you 're trying to prepare yourself , I want you to stop . Nothing says that we 're gonna stumble over him in some field . Nothing says he won 't be fine . May I help you , sir ? [ ln flat , metallic voice ] Yes , I want to have a patient transferred . Theresa Hoese . - To be transferred ? - To another facility . I 'd like to get her ready as soon as we can . Okay . [ Telephone rings ] Yeah ? Hold on . Who took her ? Has anybody talked to the doctor and asked him why ? Or where ? Where 's Agent Doggett now ? - Did you find her ? - No . No ? I don 't understand . - You called us all the way out here . - To get another point of view . Another point of view ? - We have a patient missing , Agent Doggett . - You should just hear her out . Hear who out ? Her name 's Monica Reyes . I worked a case with her once . - She 's fbi ? - Yeah . She 's got some expertise I thought we might take advantage of . Expertise in what ? She 's got her master 's in Religious Studies . Her specialization is ritualistic crime . Ritualistic crime ? Are we working the same case here ? DOGGETT : Agent Reyes ? Assistant Director Skinner . Agent Scully . Monica Reyes . Hi . Beautiful country out here . I know it 's not very fbi of me , but I 'm really trying to quit . Agent Doggett 's been taking me through the case. interesting . - Interesting . - What do you think happened ? - lsn 't that what you 're here to tell us ? - l have my own thoughts . What we think occurred and what actually occurred aren 't always the same thing . - But not altogether insignificant , either . - l 'm sorry , this feels like therapy . What happened , being different from what we want to have happened . What " who " wants to have happened ? Well , I 'm told this case involves you . It may involve someone close to me . Can we stick to the facts , please ? It 's clear the woman who was found here did not inflict her own injuries that she was dropped here by someone and whoever it was cared about her enough not to kill her . Did you happen to know the peculiar nature of her injuries ? Yes , they were peculiar but not altogether different from your typical cult ritualistic abuse . SKlNNER : Agent Reyes , we 're dealing with abductions here , not by any cult . REYES : Okay , good. I mean , if it 's not . But you think that it is ? I go on what I know , of course , but I try to stay , you know , open . So , what do you think happened ? REYES : I 'm told that Mulder and the others who were taken , were true believers . People 100 percent convinced in the abduction phenomenon . If this is about these people staging their own abductions- - No , it 's about people coming together . Like minds as a group . So , you 're basically saying that Mulder has joined some sort of UFO cult . - Call it a group . - For what ? REYES : We 've all heard the news stories , about transport to a mother ship . The idea of a giant mother wheel . The whole Heaven 's Gate thing . I see . It 'd make sense . The leader of the cult leaves this woman out here to die . Learning she 's still alive , he comes back to kidnap her again for fear of exposure . It makes sense , too , that if we find this guy , maybe we find Mulder . SCULLY : You 're asking me to believe this ? REYES : No . That 's not what I said . I don 't think he left her to die . I don 't think she 's dead . Based on what ? Nothing , really. lt 's just a feeling . What are you walking away for ? It makes some kind of sense . I 'm glad you agree with her because I 'm not sure she agrees with you . She hasn 't made any sense for me of how the doctor who removed Theresa Hoese from the hospital last night seems to have been in two places at once . I know where you 're going with this . But if you 're gonna tell me this is another alien bounty hunter , this is where we part company . Enjoy your new company . How is she ? We were almost too late . Hi . I thought you 'd be out combing the hills with Agent Doggett . I 'm on my way out to see him . I just wanted to see film on this woman 's injuries . Theresa Hoese . is there something you 're looking for , Agent Reyes , in particular ? Implants . Or signs of them . Implants ? I don 't understand . Metallic implants , placed in the body . Often in the nasal cavity sometimes made of bone or cartilage , making detection a little more difficult . Yeah , I 'm well aware of how they work . You said you didn 't understand . I don 't understand your interest in what is commonly considered evidence of alien abduction , as a disbeliever in that phenomenon . I 'm not a disbeliever . Excuse me , I 'm very confused . I know what I heard , and I heard you say that what we 're dealing with is nothing more than a UFO cult . There 's the confusion. I still believe that but it doesn 't mean I don 't believe in the phenomena . You believe in extraterrestrials ? Well , let 's just say I don 't not believe . As I said , I try to stay open . What is it you specialize in again ? Ritualistic crime ? Right . Satanic ritual abuse . Or I should say claims of it . We 've never found any hard evidence . We should talk sometime . Not that I don 't believe in it . I was something of a black sheep in the field office in New Orleans because of my beliefs . And what beliefs are those ? I just have certain spiritual notions . I believe there are energies in the universe . It might sound kind of cosmic , but I think I 'm sensitive to them . I mean , I get these feelings . And do you have any feelings about Agent Mulder ? I don 't know Agent Mulder , and I don 't have any feelings about him . But I am feeling your fear . And fear 's not gonna help you find him , or anyone else . Maybe you can try and stay open , too . No fricking way ! One , two , three . REYES : [ Shouts ] Stop there ! I 'm a federal agent . SCULLY : Examination of the victim , Gary Edward Corey reveals cuts and abrasions from ligature or binding devices . Accompanied by distal and proximal bruising radiating in a symmetrical pattern around the ankles , the wrists ... [ Tremulous voice ] ... and the face . richie : Oh , my God . Gary . You can go now , Richie . They just need you to sign a form . Dana . I 'm okay . There 's work to do here . You 're hurting for her , I know . Agent Scully . I don 't know how she 's doing it in there . Everything she 's feeling . What she 's afraid of . You know all too well . Let 's leave the past in the past . It was your fear , too . Those three days we looked for your son . The fear of finding what we did . I understand . That 's why you 're so determined to find Mulder alive . It 's why I can 't stand here and listen to all this mumbo-jumbo about spaceships . I saw what I saw , John . I 'm not gonna lie to you . But whatever it was , it led to this . That 's the man I saw in the field . He goes by the name " Absalom . " A religious zealot who escaped a shootout in Idaho where he was the leader of a doomsday cult who believed aliens would take over the world at the millennium . Disgraced when they didn 't , he fled , and tried a more ecumenical scam . Credit card fraud . I ran the plate on the pickup truck . It 's registered to a farm about an hour from here . Get everyone inside . What ? What is it ? They 're coming . Who ? Who 's coming ? You can 't let them find him . fbi AGENT : [ Shouts ] Federal agents ! Nobody move ! [ Shrieks of alarm ] AGENT 1 : Hands on your head ! AGENT 2 : [ On megaphone ] Remain calm . We have a warrant to search the premises . You 're surrounded by law officers who are armed and prepared to shoot if necessary . SKlNNER : Stop there ! Hands on your head ! Turn around so I can see you . AGENT 1 : Go on , move ! AGENT 2 : On the ground , now ! AGENT 3 : fbi ! Don 't move ! REYES : Please don 't panic ! You are in no danger if you stay calm , and where we can see you . SCULLY : Theresa ? REYES : Agent Scully ? SCULLY : You 'd better get A.D. Skinner in to see this and Agent Doggett . I said I can 't explain why it happens or how . Only where . DOGGETT : We 've got 46 of your followers rounded up out there at your compound . If you make me go to them for an answer , it 's only gonna make it worse for you . How many times can I tell you ? It 's early . The coffee 's hot . The ships come in , drop the abductees , all messed up . I go and get them , so I can help them . Just like you helped Theresa Hoese when you left her for dead . SCULLY : Agent Doggett ? You say that these abductees are returned with severe injuries . But that doesn 't fit the pattern of any alien abduction model . That 's what I 'm trying to explain . I predicted there would be an alien invasion at the millennium . I was right , it turns out . [ Over speakers ] That 's when it all started . Sir , given the criminal charges against you , you couldn 't be a less credible witness . So stop trying to validate your theories and just give us the truth . I 'm telling you the truth . I only want to help these people . So these video cameras that you have ... [ Over speakers ] ... around your compound , how do they help ? ABSALOM : Abductees live in fear of being taken again . - Cameras give them a sense of security . - Or makes them afraid to leave . SCULLY : Do you have videotape of how you happened to heal Theresa Hoese ? No . I asked you to give me the truth . Do you have videotape of this man ? He 's hiding something . Yeah , that 's for sure . REYES : Agent Scully ? REYES : What ? What is it ? I saw him . I saw something . REYES : I reviewed these tapes from the compound . There are some things here I want you all to see . SKlNNER : They 've got a body in there . SCULLY : Who is it ? You can 't tell from this angle . Well , then where 's another angle ? This is the only angle I could find . SCULLY : Wait a minute . Stop it . That man. I know that man . Good , because here he is again . SKlNNER : Who is he ? SCULLY : His name is Jeremiah Smith . Agent Mulder knew him . He believed he had the ability to heal people . What do you mean " heal people " ? Like he did Theresa Hoese . Whoever he is , take a look at this . - What the hell just happened ? - That 's what I 'd like to know . That 's still Jeremiah Smith . The hell it was . That 's me , and I never even went in that building . REYES : Exactly . We have to get back out there . GUARD : Halt ! Identify yourselves . SCULLY : We 're looking for someone . SCULLY : A man who may be one of the detainees . SKlNNER : Get some bodies out here to help search the woods . SCULLY : fbi . Where is he ? Jeremiah Smith ? I know he 's here . Jeremiah Smith . I need to speak with him . You , in the back , step out . Come with me . Take a seat . Are you Jeremiah Smith ? - No , l- - - Did you heal these people ? No . Did you heal Theresa Hoese ? I know who you are . [ Knocking ] Agent Scully ? I 'll be right outside . You 're going to expose me . You 're putting people in danger . Abductees all over the country . I save them. I 'm the only one . Where 's Mulder ? You came crashing in here . - l was trying to help him , too . - Where 's Mulder ? [ Door opens ] You 'd better come with us . You must protect me . What is it ? It 's Mulder . SCULLY : [ Yells ] Where is he ? - He 's over there . - How bad is he ? How bad is he hurt ? [ Scully sobs ] - He needs help ! - lt 's too late ! Agent Scully ! [ Dramatic instrumental music ] [ Shrieks of terror ] [ Rumbling and breaking glass ] SCULLY : Jeremiah ! Damn it . No , this is not happening ! [ Screams ] No ! minister : " Ashes to ashes , dust to dust . " We are here to deliver the body of Fox Mulder to its resting place . We pray to God to deliver his soul and to resolve the deep mysteries Fox Mulder sought so tirelessly to uncover . Let us pray now for his eternal peace . " ' I am the resurrection and the life , ' sayeth the Lord . " ' He that believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live ... " ' ... and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die . " ' He was the last . His father and mother , his sister all gone . I think the real tragedy is that for all of his pain and searching the truth that he worked so hard to find was never truly revealed to him . I can 't truly believe that I 'm really standing here . SKlNNER : I know . I don 't truly believe that Mulder 's the last . KERSH : Smile , John . You look tense . I 've asked you here to commend you . - What 's this ? - A letter to the director . Citing your meritorious efforts in the recovery of Agent Fox Mulder . And a recommendation that you be considered for advancement . The Assistant Director , here , deserves more credit than l- - SKlNNER : Deputy Director Kersh spoke to me at length before you came up . He thanked me and asked me to write you a letter , too . We 're transferring you off the X-Files to a division more suited to your talents . Man of my word , Agent Doggett . Thank you for your support , sir . But all things being equal I 'd like to give any transfer some thought . Fish while they 're biting , John . Good morning . How are you feeling today ? Fine . How are you feeling ? Me ? Good . But I don 't have a little J. Edgar to lug around . A.D. Skinner just called . He told me about your meeting with Kersh . Whatever he said , I 'll still be here to drive you crazy with questions and doubts . You 'd be crazy to stay , Agent Doggett . This is a huge career opportunity for you . It 's not my career he 's got in mind . What do you mean ? In six weeks , you go on maternity leave . Kersh transfers me out , guess what ? He locks that door over there for good . You don 't owe me anything . They put me down here to find Mulder . I found him . So what ? We 've still got an open file on this case and I got big questions . What ? I heard the same speech come out of my mouth seven years ago . Get out while you can . Or you may never get out at all . All stop ! In the net . Hit the light . Down there . Further out . Get the Coast Guard on the radio . Tell them to send a chopper out . Doesn 't look like there 's any big reason to hurry . What 's the deal here ? The body was found at sea . The DA wants to know how it got there . 2 : 00 in the morning . I have once to see a DA down here in his jammies waiting for an answer . I see a surgical cut or scar on the sternum , linear pattern scarring on each cheek . If not for a certain post-mortem intumescence , this man is unremarkable . Short of this body sitting up and telling us what happened , we got a long night ahead . assistant : Doctor ? It moved . Joke 's on me , right ? assistant : His mouth . His lips . They moved . Yeah , well , maybe he 's trying to tell- - [ Telephone rings ] Yeah ? It 's Skinner . Meet me at the Bureau in 20 minutes . For what ? I got a call from the police pathologist down in Wilmington , North Carolina . Fishermen pulled in a dead body 50 miles offshore , which they 've id 'd as Billy Miles . Billy Miles ? The kid from Oregon . He was abducted the same time Mulder was , last May . So what 's the big hurry now ? Now he 's alive . You told Agent Scully any of what you told me ? No . My strong recommendation , sir : Don 't . If this thing pans out or not you 're gonna reopen wounds that need a lot of healing . Not to mention the fact she 's had a difficult pregnancy . You know that as well as anybody . I appreciate your concern , Agent Doggett , but I wouldn 't have told her anyway . Certainly not where we 're going . Where are we going ? DOGGETT : I 'll say it again . We 're opening more than a grave here . SKlNNER : I respect that but I think not digging it up would be far more regrettable , don 't you ? DOGGETT : No. I think this is insanity . SKlNNER : I couldn 't live with the doubt . DOGGETT : That we buried a man alive ? We found Mulder . You and me together . We saw the same body . Mulder wasn 't just dead . He 'd been dead for days . He had to have a closed casket . The body was too far gone and that was three months ago . SKlNNER : The kid pulled from the ocean , Billy Miles from the extensive tissue necrosis could 've been in the water for months . Heartbeat , rate of metabolism , it slowed to imperceptibility . The body had rigored . For all intents and purposes , he was dead . It 's a fluke the doctor even noticed . I don 't believe it . And I don 't believe I 'm even standing here . What the hell is this ? - Assistant Director Skinner ? - Yes . Arthur Gaffen , County Coroner . I asked you to keep this low-key . Word spreads . Exhumation 's big news any day of the week . And you have the body moved to another county , a specific pathologist . That takes people and paperwork . I want these people out of here . Listen up , ladies and gentlemen . As much as you 're here to see the horror show I 'm not letting that casket open up until we get some privacy . It 's a private matter . Thank you . DOCTOR : Agent Skinner , so no one 's confused this is a completely different scenario . I 'm only here ' cause you asked for me . I don 't expect to find anything in this box , but a dead man . It 's not gonna be Curse of the Mummy , okay ? No claw marks on the lid of the coffin . I 'll say it again : Insanity . [ Dramatic instrumental music ] - ls it true ? - Slow down . - No. I want to see him . - l know you do . - No , I need to see him , damn it ! - You 're not going in there ! Scully , you can 't . Tell me it 's true . Tell me . It 's so improbable . I would have said impossible before this . The clinical fact he 's alive , when effectively this man , his tissue and , I presume , his neuro and vascular systems are all in a state of decomposition . - What does that mean ? - That effectively he 's dead . What did they say ? I need to see him . DOGGETT : I know . But I wish you wouldn 't . [ Poignant instrumental music ] - You wanted to see me , sir ? - Yes , John . Please , come in . I 've been in this office just over six months and I haven 't yet had to see a sunrise from it . I believe the sunrise isn 't for another hour and six minutes , sir . It serves a man to have useful information , John . One never knows when he might have to survive on his wits alone . Yes , sir . I know you look forward to a future at the fbi . You take your job seriously . I hope you took my job offer seriously , too . As I said , I 'm thinking about it . I got a call about this Mulder thing . I want you to drop it . Drop it ? You know the tune . If it looks bad , it 's bad for the fbi . I 'm throwing you a rope . Don 't go and hang yourself with it now . [ Steady electronic beeping ] [ Electronic beeping accelerates ] [ Beeping resumes former rhythm ] - Who are you ? What are you doing ? - Nothing . I was looking in on the patient and he started to go into grand mal seizure . I think he 's all right now . It 's okay , I 'm a doctor . My name is Scully and I 'm with the fbi . You 're here to treat him ? No . The man down the hall is my partner . We knew Billy . I guess I was just hoping there might be some indication he was getting better . Somehow . Anyway . You might want to tell the doctor about this and check those monitors carefully . I think I might have seen some kind of equipment malfunction . WOMAN : Are you all right , sir ? I 'm okay . I 'm okay , thank you . [ Gasps painfully ] [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] [ Suspenseful instrumental music intensifies ] All aboard . I don 't know how you got in this building , Krycek but whatever it is you want you can go to hell . What do you want from me ? Let 's take a ride . The word on the street is he 's back from the dead . He 's a regular Houdini . Tell me what you want . What I want is to give you the chance to save Mulder 's life . - You don 't believe me ? - No , I don 't . I could push a little button and send 1,000 zenana bots lying dormant in your bloodstream , sizzling to your brain stem and all I want to do with that power is save a man 's life . I don 't think his life can be saved . I have a vial that contains a vaccine . Mulder knows of it . His father developed it to fight the alien virus . No vaccine can help the man I found in that grave . You found him and you don 't even know what you got . [ Sinister , suspenseful music ] lt 's a push of a button , Walter . You can 't do this to yourself . SCULLY : You asked me not to come in here , Agent Doggett . I hope you 're not asking me to leave . Concerns for your well-being , Agent Scully . That 's all it 's ever for . DOGGETT : This was a bad idea from the start. I told the Assistant Director so . Worrying about the effect it might have on you . You mean finding Mulder alive ? I know you came in here with the doctors . I 'm sure you must have asked them what his chances are . Agent Doggett however I felt about you when we first met you changed my opinion with the quality of your character and of your work . I am thankful to know you and I am thankful for your concern but no matter what Mulder 's chances are the choice not to open up that grave was wrong . And not because of me personally , but as my partner on the X-Files . Now the truth may hurt , but it 's all that matters . What truth ? About what caused this . You 've got to come quickly . It 's Billy Miles . [ Suspenseful instrumental music ] I don 't really remember all that much of anything . Do you have any idea what you 're doing here , Billy ? Do you have any conscious memory at all ? I remember water . And I remember being on the ship . You were found by a fishing boat . That 's not what you mean , is it , Billy ? You mean a spacecraft ? They took so many this time . But now I understand . They 're here to save us . That 's great news . DOGGETT : I 'm gonna let you two talk . - Agent Doggett , where are you going ? - Back to the real world . Why ? You just won 't believe it , will you ? Not even for a minute . Not even with it staring you right in the face . is that so important to you , what I believe or don 't believe ? I 'm really not up to this assignment anyway , as you so gently put it . Agent Doggett , you spoke with his doctors . He was lying on his deathbed . I 'm with you , Agent Scully . It 's a medical mystery for sure . But don 't ask me to take a load of horse crap for the gospel truth . I underestimated you , Agent Doggett . I thought this was just simple resistance to extreme possibilities . But you 're just downright bullheaded . Do you believe it , Agent Scully ? I mean that stuff he said about aliens coming to save the world ? - Hi . - Hi . Nobody called me about Billy . I know. I 'm sorry . What , this is incredible . It 's too incredible . There isn 't a piece of medical data on him that isn 't 100 percent normal . Why are you questioning that when it can mean that the doctors are wrong about Mulder ? Because it doesn 't make sense . I mean , there should be blood , fluid , electrolyte imbalances a loss of brain function . But , as it is , it 's like he 's shed his skin and literally became a new person . And I don 't mean the same person . What are the chances this could be due to an alien influence ? Could it be a virus ? Why are you asking me this ? Sir , if you know something ... . We 're working against the clock , here . This could happen to Mulder . And until we know what it is , we have to do everything to control it . There may be a vaccine . Where ? It doesn 't come without a price . This is about saving a man 's life . Yes. lt is . ABSALOM : Brother . You aren 't someone I expected to be paying me a visit . - How they treating you ? - Treating me ? Like a prophet . That 's what I 'm here about . Your prophecies . DOGGETT : These preachings of yours . You misread me , is that it ? I want to know about these men and women you say you find left for dead . You found someone yourself left for dead , but who is not dead . Yes . You 're here to receive the word and yet you can 't bring yourself to say my name ? Say it . Absalom . " l am the resurrection and the light . " He who believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live . " Do you know the words ? They 're from the Bible . What is the Bible ? Preaching , prophecy , misread . Look , I 'm not here to debate theology . I 'm here because somehow you healed these people and I want to know how you did it . I need your help . You ask for my help but you refuse to believe in me . It 's hard to believe , isn 't it that Mulder could ever possibly get out of that bed ? I need the vaccine , Alex . Yeah ? Time is wasting . What do I have to do ? Well , it 's simple , really . Make sure Scully doesn 't come to term . - You 're out of your mind . - She can 't have that baby . No . The answer is no . We all have a life in our hands . I have yours . You have Mulder 's . And Scully has her unborn child . It 's who 's willing to sacrifice . DOGGETT : Where are you going ? SCULLY : I don 't have time to waste debating our differences . I strongly believe that Agent Mulder is infected with a virus . A virus ? A virus that seems to keep the body alive enough to take it through a transformation . DOGGETT : into , let me guess , an alien . I don 't have time to argue . I 'm not arguing . For what it 's worth , that 's what this guy that first found Mulder told me . - This man that we put in prison , Absalom . - He told you this was a virus ? No . He said the abductees were being returned and left for dead . If he hadn 't found them and done his hocus-pocus they 'd have been resurrected as aliens . It was part of a big alien takeover of the world . That 's it . What 's it ? How Billy Miles came back so perfectly . I watched his body go into seizure moments before this happened . On the monitor , there were two heartbeats . I told the nurse it was just a mechanical error . You think this kid has sloughed his skin and come back as an alien ? It 'll happen to Mulder if we don 't stop it soon . Where are you going ? I need a surgical bay , a team of doctors . I have to keep Mulder 's body stabilized in order to administer the vaccine . What vaccine ? The one I asked A.D. Skinner to get me . DOGGETT : Assistant Director ? Open up , it 's John Doggett . [ Electronic beeping accelerates ] What the hell are you doing ? You don 't understand . You 're killing him . I have no choice . He wanted me to kill Scully 's baby . Who ? Alex Krycek , for the vaccine . It 's the only way he 'd give it to me . But I couldn 't trust him . I couldn 't do that to her . Where is he ? [ Sinister , suspenseful music ] [ Tires squeal ] Stop the car . Stop the car ! You looking for this ? KRYCEK : It 's the vaccine for Mulder . SKlNNER : Agent Doggett ? Agent Mulder 's in the OR . Did you get the vaccine ? Listen to me . You weren 't wrong . He wasn 't to be trusted . is he gonna make it ? I don 't know . I really don 't know how we could have known . What ? That by keeping him on life support we were incubating the virus . We were hastening it along . How 'd you figure it out ? When Skinner pulled Mulder off of the machines his temperature dropped rapidly without affecting his vital signs . You mean Skinner saved him ? What about the vaccine ? If we can stabilize him and his temperature we can give him courses of antivirals . I think it could work . [ Mobile telephone rings ] KERSH : John . Sir . Morning rush hour . I got here as quickly as I could . You missed the sunrise . I was with Agent Scully . I know . It 's gonna be awful crowded down in that X-Files office . KERSH : Maybe you didn 't hear me . I said you 're on the wrong floor . Yes , sir . [ Poignant instrumental music ] [ Steady electronic beeping ] Mulder ? Hi . Who are you ? Oh , my God . Don 't do that to me . Do you know ... . Do you have any idea what you 've been through ? I know what I see in your face . Anybody miss me ? [ Scully laughs and sobs ] [ Eerie X-Files theme music ] child 'S voice : I made this !
