 Arrival on the accident site Now start the live broadcasting what 's the situation ? Before 52 minutes , In that apartment as first site , The victim was murdered , Killer ran away and in the second site , 2 police officers got killed all entrance blocked , siege will be started after 2 minutes Damned fellows of 9th Section There will be more casualty in such a situation Telecom got in , Do we need information support ? First Police , here comes Telecom agents We must be very careful Help me Help me About Robot Murder There has been 8 murders during this week All victims have reset their robots All of them are Mode 2050 from Rox Corporation This mode is a test version just for envaluation The customers can get one for free after they signed a contract with Rox Now all the machines were recalled According to the offered report There is nothing wrong within these machine just such kind of explanation New mode robots attacked their master for unexplained reason The producer recalled these machines in panic And they have to face the charge from victim 's family Some mistakes by producer could result in many lawsuits and huge compensation So that is why the 9th Section was authorized to handle this problem Do you understand ? It 's your problem to understand or not Now there are 2 reasons for 9th Section 's intervention First , None of victim 's family has taken any action All accidents alike have been imparled between both sides Two of victims are politicians And one retired police officer Considering such a possiblity the 9th Section will face a challenge It 's our duty to investigate this case Let 't start from the victims First you must check the machines with problem Don 't ask anything , just go I want to tell you , I am not a volunteer There are so much that I should learn from you , Major I don 't think so We lost all traces This person only has his brain for nature part It 's doubted that this man exists as a human His arm , leg and computer totally are spares parts from the government The classified information in the computer , and all alike this , Belonged to the government They are eager to reclaim the memory so his life was not belonged to himself Where shall we start ? Rox Corporation is located to the north We 'd better start our investigation there It 's you ! About the robot destroyed by that madam yesterday Two of our young men got killed too You should not forget this We come here right for this Identify Room is located on the right side of 19th floor corridor Need me to show you the way ? No , thanks . I come here not for amusement Destruction pursues the great especially at the easiest moment It is a hard time for you Be arranged to one trouble team but it seems you don 't hate this position It 's terrible for me to remember my previous appearance This is not your mirror 's fault The mirror only makes you confused We can be reference with one another It is useless for coming frequently I am ordered to reject cooperation I will arrest you if you keep uncooperative I am from 9th Section Who 's the horrible man you are talking with ? the guy who blasted the robot all with .50 calibre gun So the damaged robot could be easy to recover There are 2 policemen in 3 victims They tried to committ suicide before murder all right ? What 's about suicide ? Halloway Miss Halloway , What 's about suicide ? If the machine failed Is it possible for them to attack people ? This situation has been considered by Three Laws of Robot So they should be harmless to people It is called Self-Existence The right description should be self-destruction , shouldn 't it ? Thinking made human being different from machine Is the self-destruction a special function for this mode ? That 's not completely right Those years , more gadgets concerning robot appeared in haste we got too many human-shaped robots Why ? Virus , Microbe Pollution Man-made mistakes during production Problems due to ages So many reasons , but but what ? The main reason is that people discarded robots They got tired of old robots Kept buying newer mode Then the discarding problem comes However Robots do not want to be discarded Is that true ? Human is different from robot but that 's not simple as black and white human is too selfish Industry robots are mostly different from human But domestic robots are deeply affected with utilitarianism and pragmatism Why they are human-shaped ? based on the idealest human body Why human make such a decision ? Make a robot as same as himself Have you got kids ? one daughter Kids always violated adult regulation That means they have egos acting with consciousness from themselves When an human was in the childhood What 's his role in exploration ? with a human body , or human-shaped ? Although all girls love dolls , those dolls are not for practicing Girls are not practicing baby-sitting They just try to find common places between doll games and baby-sitting What are you talking about ? baby-sitting a kid implied making a human , by a human That 's an old dream That 's the shortest way to realize this dream I do not agree to this idea Kids are not dolls ! human and machine , difference between life-form and nonlife-form A doll as same as my daughter who died when she was 5 years old I named her France , and loved her so deeply Some people told me the same thing Shall we change to some realistic topic ? About the Mode 2050 Robot from ROX corporation I would like to know more about it That 's all right Hig quality products Although these are test version They are special mode Special mode ? Yeah , with some unnecessary parts What kind of parts ? Sexual function just for immoral interest Is this illegal ? All right , so their family don 't charge When the robot is reset , their data bank will erase all information The producer did this just to protect their technology , just a common measure But But what ? But the voice data will be kept , you want to hear ? Help me Help me , Help me Help me , Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help Thanks for your help Hi ... May I ask a question ? I neither gave any birth nor baby-sitted any kid That means , I never registered my ovum Thank you , Miss Don 't call me Miss She didn 't look like a technical grandma who can only write her emotion in report sheet I often writed report sheets too Don 't you think our investigation are too slow ? Anyway , you must protect that computer for 9th Section The relationship with the grandma was over Who 's your ideal woman ? Actually , I like women older than me and ? There are so many in the street Keeper .. 09 calling 907 Accident 602 in 201 area the victim is a Keepr of ROX the team will be there within 2 minutes 907 roger the spring always pass quickly Just you ? Koka and Lukuou will be back after sandwich snack leisure guys That 's the situation 22 minutes ago How did you teach these freshman ? There is nothing more important than teaching Read the situation now This is the victim 's image Jack Walkson , Keeper Director of ROX Corporation 54 years old He lost contact with other people after asking leave before 5 days This robot 's contract was ended 3 days ago Weapons used by cirminal are kitchen knives We checked neighbour parking record Try to verify with underground force Seven cards are found in victim 's jacketing Now we are looking for their source What ? .38 calibre pistol It seems no one has used the gun recently Was this a meaningless waste ? Maybe some smart guy faked it 969 calling 906 We will arrive in 20 seconds Don 't play joke on me The rest work depends on you 907 calling 09 We leave site to 969 09 Roger Today is my daughter 's birthday But I have bought nothing Let me drive you back You made a mistake , Ishikawa Me too Daughter 's birthday should be most important You looked like happy It 's the first time you don 't talk nonsense Because the body was incomplete , so I come OK , help yourself , we are leaving Why give the case to local police ? Because that guy get involved We found it , in the refrigerator Heart , liver , kidney and pancreas This asshole After half a year , fresh dog food has been dry You call this food ? You were his partner , weren 't you ? I would rather go with a recruit than him There are only complaints with him You are a partner less tough than Major What Ishikawa , you talked too much recently See you Batou What 's up ? Maybe dry dog food was not that bad Considering nutrition balance , that would be a good choice impact on the neckbone caused rupture and death Kitchen knives did not cause death , they are used for disassembling the body So the killer disassembled the body after murder That seems to be the truth The stuff we found in the refrigerator are victim 's bowels He suffered from gastritis , and hepatocirrhosis due to long time drunk Why did the killer disassemble victim 's body in suck a detailed method ? The killer may be a psycho Or that hinted a strong desire for revenge then the killer was not a professional And that twisted door handle ? Analysis report tells that is created by a NR26 artifical arm , made in China crab pincers shape Is that for military purpose ? It should be inferior mode from black market And all the pictures were confirmed What about the car ? That 's a multi-illegal modified car Give me the conclusion According to the neighbour parking record , that car belongs to a violent orgnization , Human Society which was bullet-proofed This car appeared several times in previous cases What a Human Society ! Illegally produced What 's their motive ? What the hell does Human Society want ? This was a old Japanese violent organization Drug , prostitute , gameling They do every illegal business 3 days ago , captain tried to arrest their boss Now he is in charge of this case How could they make such a decision ! In organization , only the revenger of predecessor 's death could be recognized as successor Another question Could the victim foresee his death ? What 's the reason for him to lurk in Human Society ? All computer data are erased This is also your investigation object Does the killer use robot to mislead our investigation ? At this time , all victims have no relationship with each other , or political-concerned and we almost got nothing useful Adding this case , you first investigate these victims Other people return to previous position , dismiss Dukusa Come to my office before you leave What 's the situation ? Anyway , we must find the relationship between Human Society and Rox Corporation About Batou It is very important to undertake psychological interactive verification But I am not a computer psychologist You don 't need to change into one thing if you are trying to comprehend it You have family ? now did you feel happy ? Yeah .. that is it Most people feel themselves between happy and unhappy It is so touching they never give up the eager for survival What do you mean ? When I saw that guy , I remembered Major before her missing Solitary makes evil Need few things Just like the elephant in forest Director , why did you choose me ? You are recommended by local department What does this mean ? You don 't need to change into one thing if you are trying to comprehend it That is right You can not live with the rule of great man Shall we start a war ? You don 't need to change into a rascal if you are going to rascal 's place Weapon is necessary We should prepare before going out what ? Listen to my words Do you hate rascal ? very much Me too I can only tell you this I told you , we are going to rascal 's place we don 't need to change into rascal but weapon is necessary I have a family A bachelor could be better We go together We are partners , so you 'd better tell me your plan Listen to me , Do not fire gun unless you have to ok ? I got it Let 's go , partner What , is that you ? Bring him here Don 't shoot I said unless you have to go , go come on Image ? Did he planed to disturb our eyesight ? I hate these computers What 's the matter ? How can we launch attack in this dark and narrow staircase ? rush fast , I go first I go first , you are too huge Eh ? This bomb is a gift for you In such a wide riot you can not kill only 2 people with bullet-proofed vest Are you woman ? This is not only for the death of Keeper Director Tell me everything about ROX Corporation , as much as you know Come on , crab shit , you are not qualified as my opponet That 's just a easy job , idiot Tell me where is the Keeper Director Or I will hit you with my hand I haven 't been there for 3 years I even don 't know what my ancestor did in that corporaion Partner , are you still alive ? My wife and my daughter 's face became clear in my brain but this guy is neither your wife nor your daughter He is the Death I told you to investigate But you made this illegally I don 't want you pick fighting with these rascals This city is not a jungle And you are not people-killing special agents Are you still angry ? NO It is unexpected you saved my life After being your partner , I would die hundred times A investigation team of 2 man Nobody cares what we did I must find the guilty proof of ROX Corporation So you did that ? If he is really angry , we should have been fired Now that should be enough I have to excuse myself Trampled by Quillson You should reset the right arm by yourself increse defense and the shooting integrity system It is possibily caused by malfunction In this situation , you must reset to default position Where 's my previous arm ? Don 't say nonsense This arm is made with organic material , specially tuned with your DNA Overload usage may cause initialization Get out ! wait Why you hold my dog ? I went to your home can not find the host but a hungry dog That makes me feel pity You are so kind to dog I took it to my home My daughter was happy , but my wife got angry , because it polluted the carpet When did you put me under surveillance ? All right , that 's not your problem It is not comfortable to be watched But how can you neglect ? If you hate , do not hate the old man Is it recreated ? Original breed should be stronger This breed is created by test-tube It comes from most ancient breed Is this come from computer , are you really ? what a persistent life So I said the dry dog food is better Its favorite Only on sale in that store It looked so happy , bouncing a lot You shot 5 bullets in that dangerous store He is not regarded as dementia This man was a good hunter Besides the Major Shall I tell the reason to miss my head ? They don 't want to kill you , just challenge You picked fighting in the place of Human Society Over 10 people dead or wounded The store was shot in the same day Are you crazy , or computer broke down ? Wait , Did you feel to be attacked ? This matter was not an independent accident From this , we can understand The significance of 9th Section What he said is right Old man ordered us to continue investigation But we do not need evidence hereafter and without any official support It seems that we have to go directly to ROX Corporation Quick victory keeps no secretry Go to the north as soon as possible The north ? 2 people are not enough And ... What about this dog ? This matter I will take care of it But you still have time for dog feeding Come on , mind your own business The biggest information city in the easternmost area A special economic zone of prosperity Just this colony Nationalism evanesced in vagueness Now this place has been paradise for enterprise criminals Even Union Nations Cyber Police , and Telecom Agents from ASEAN can not reach their hands here I remembered those words , Act as an individual Represent with the same inheritance gene They looked like nest of the spider Just like the actinozoan changed into the coral reef Beautiful the essence of life lies in the continuance of gene What about social culture and expanded memory system The city looked like huge exterior memory sets There should be many people with this idea Adding me , the number could be more than sand It is said in Chapter 139 , Psalter of the Old Testament I will check it It seems you are inclined to exterior memory set I don 't want to hear this again Now you are over ROX Corporation After a long trip , it is time for visit flight is over , we are in landing process They will fly as leaves in fall Gnarring to the chaos Now it is your turn , but we are not Satan Batou You are great man now , my postion has been yours I will never forget your benefaction Never forget ? Forgive me , Mister Batou It is not appropriate to call me Mister Please forgive me , Please You are the benefactor of all my life Do you know that asshole , Kim ? I don 't know such a person Many people have this name The Kim I am looking for is unique We must keep promises in our business There are 2 kinds of promises One is keeping secret , The other is keeping truth Both of them are promises , Which one is yours ? It is said that there is no honest without secret Let me ask again , Do you know that asshole , Kim ? I don 't know such a person People are just like puppets on the stage Begin from birth , End to death Puppet falls when the string broke up And then ? They had been long-term contractor with the Army A man can not reach when he is on the top , or when he is under Just like a man lying on the roadside No matter whether they had been special force , or electronic disturbance specialist Secret arm sale , and other achievements The come-off will be same all roads are ended at the tomb A characteristic man It is impossible that a robot changed into a horse after a field trip This asshole can only demolish everything around him Let 's go Batou , the toppest sanctum We are late He escaped the brain has been burned out due to attack and defense action That gives no help According to the will In my funeral , all artificial flower and birds should be rejected Hi Don 't sleep like a dead man Confucius told us not to sleep like a dead man I have no time for your nonsense It has been a long time since last meeting Are you coming for official business ? ROX Corporation They started Robot production not from the very beginning Advanced robots brought a rapid expansion to this corporation Politicians and senior officers got their shares They became alert as the government paid attention to this business Assembly lines were shut down Maybe they transfered assembly lines to that multi-flag ship And kept producing their robots Is it so depressed that you want to committ suicide ? It will be a big trouble if this is true Eliminating human soul , Producing human-shaped puppet I can not imagine what they are thinking If there is a perfect man That is just a body without soul A body until final abrasion This is why the Cyborg waste became more and more Human shape is always beautiful No , they should not appear in the shape of kid Because human being has incomplete perception It is impossible for them to understand the inconsistency of reality They have neither this consciousness Nor the unlimited tendency Only robot or God can make this true Shall we talk about official business ? No .. There is only one creature who can be compared with robot and God Is it animal ? Lavrock A creature with self-consciousness stronger than us Without any negative emotion Always full of happy unconsciousness To these birds depending on fruit It is harder even than becoming God Changing into dolls as the dead That is the reason You don 't know the death before you know the life Confucius said something like this There are few people who understand the death Most people kept unconscious , they are used to such a stupid life People even don 't know for what they will die Their lives faded away in waiting for death So Kim chose to change himself into a full cyberg And then ? they had been special force , or electronic disturbance specialist Secret arm sale , and other achievements all will be ended at the tomb A characteristic man It is impossible that a robot changed into a horse after a field trip Let 's go Batou ! Compliment to people who shall die today These are like advertisement Hi It makes people uncomfortable I got it Look outside , these things looked like alive Are they really alive ? Thinking on the other hand These lifeless things looked like alive Where did robot 's pain come from ? They are human from robots made by human being Very simple material made by human being The terror to reset it is just the essence of human being A shadow between existence and non-existence Stop that , let 's talk about official business It is also a science to know the life We created this terror by ourselves In nature world , human is too young That is quite simple to reset the machine which are made by human being " They are trying to make persistent active specimen " From robot theory of 18 century Because the realization of computerization and cyberg Even the appearance of exterior memory sets The biological limitation of human being was broken Through excessive self-mechanization Human being has overcome Darwin 's Natural Selection They overcame evolutionism by themselves Sublimation of consciousness Born from self-consciousness A dream to go beyond the nature Replacing the body with hardware That is the beginning of nightmare God is always located in geometry let 's go Batou ! What do you feel ? Who am I ? In a computer-like maze , you are confused by computer Luck comes with unluck for 3 times Don 't look it before you want Don 't listen anything Just wait for the end So we visited this place for 3 times The first omen should be the final end ? There is no time for explanation When did you find out ? We are fooled by the swindler who is waiting for our arrival You can be a eletronic specialist but I am a elite spy with my guardian watching for me You stupid , clumsy exterior memory sets Check your memory If that is really this robot wrote " AEMAETH " on the ground That means getting energy from truth but when the prefix " AE " was erased , we saw " MEATH " That means death , return all to the ground That 's not real Our trap has been intruded What a hell ! It is faked as real So I told you it is my guardian The game is over , Kim , show yourself This guy is just an ordinary robot Kim , you can not defeat me Batou , Is this a fake too ? not real ? Have you got enough confidence ? My ghost Humen being is pursuing the dream of life Is it a dream or a ghost ? All non-existence I am a man useless as same as you I wore shoes different from you I don 't believe in ghost Are you suffering from schizophrenia ? I have to destroy your remains Get ready to death Your physical function will be stopped eh ... . eh ... Is it really a physical reset phenomenon ? It is neither memory nor imagination It 's what it should be You have to understand before you go further The time can not be saved , so it is hard Memory shared computerization along with exterior memory sets When you go home Are the wife and daughter real ? Or I am just a lonely individual ? Or am I just making the dream of a family ? Is there any way to make sure ? I knew , but for what ? I have to know his purpose I come here for work That 's an experience of virtual image When I get freaked in the food store Maybe it is caused by computerization just like what Ishikawa said Suck a realistic guy may not be here the same idea I expected this from the beginning They wanted to intrude us Kim , this man is smart We will lose if he escape What 's your guardian angel ? He is gone In the cyber world In huge network system , there is one area which integrated all domains You want to make sure your existence ? You got a daughter When we are in the jungle Kim knew this I am sure for one thing what 's it ? I will be your partner Are you afraid ? It 's not like what you are thinking I want to go back alive , to my daughter But you can not leave your job undone Shall we continue ? I will collect all data evidence for ROX Corporation 's guilt If this accusation is successful All computer rules must be broke up Our investigation was illegal The matter caused serial murders We have to find evidence for criminal penalty But Kim cut off all clues No His computer is linked to ROX Corporation We must capture all of them and destroy People have always been talking good wills Now it is time for battle Violence comes after the failure of negotiation Hi , this explanation is different from our trip to rascal 's place He is here I expect nothing from you Birds fly in the air fishes dive in the water Get contacted I knew Use this body to finish something It is deep here , very dangerous I had a friend who liked diving very much what ? I don 't know what you are thinking May I introduce Lin as your girl friend ? No one goes back alive from that ship I don 't know what you are thinking Just go ahead Hold fast Contact after 12 seconds The disturbance signal will feed back only in 2 seconds Understood This guy linked to Security Director 's computer Synchronization Initialized Send back more information if you get in just follow me Of course , the older one started invasion , recording began You are not lovely guy Intruder ! 2nd level security system reset Computer activity searching initialized in all facility Searching for virus in memory initialized Searching for delayed virus , and interactive surveillance Linking to Director impossible Reset as soon as possible System Reset finished 2nd level security system initialized Figuring intruder 's waypoints Strenthening defense wall supplementing antibody Virus checking Anti-spy game started Searching for lurking virus in full-scale No.014 wall broken No.032 wall error , error code 280 Quarantining affected area initialized 1st level exterior defense wall rebuilt Identifying enemy 's attack mode Virus transfer started Retreat ! Your brain will be too dangerous to keep cool Wait , Let me try again Shit , they are using this damned method ! Assembly Lines Unfinished Project Only accessable for authorized Confirmed as unidentified lurking virus Stop him with all anti-body Virus tracing unavailable All facility in resetting , Linking with system unavailable Battle arm loading system initialized Warning ... abnormal body active in line THO7 all security armed Move to that line , repeat .. Soul Phenomenon happened Haven 't see you for a time , Major What should I call you ? This just is part of me , through satelitte There is not enough capacity in this computer I can only load battle system and arm defense system So I have to spare emotion and voice 50 meters away from here there should be an emergency terminal We can linkup there and capture all system Nothing changed Hurry up , I take care of this place Just like before " Who give me a mirror " " the ghost will be visible in mirror " It is not time for appreciation We don 't have much ammo left " real time mirror can tell " Hi , are you ok ? This ship will be ours , it is just a problem of time Linked to supply terminal system Stop arm function before full control We can only depend on Batou 's .30 gun Ammo reserve , only 1 magazine It seems our oppoent will not surrender It started Abnormal linking activity in ship In ship ? Tracing for linking point , defense action started too much signals from multiple terminals No computer activity increased at all terminal Checking for all exterior linking point All linking points cut off except base facility All exterior physical parts isolated from this ship Emergency defense system unaccessable Long distance initializtion failed Expansive Virus get in concourse Defense of system area failed System reset ready 1st level data quarantine started Many linking points found in the core system Interactive tracing failed All exterior linkings cut off this ship is under control Are we successful ? Now this ship is not controlled by the north The nearest country sent force coming in This ship could be guilty evidence of ROX Do we still have time for investigation ? Found Naval frigate they are informed Finally , Shall we go to see the true face of ROX Corporation Have you already known it ? Batou , you want to go with us ? No voice , eletronic wave screened out Ghost face They can produce many animal examples but that will destroy the brain This technology was prohibited the Human Society supply kids who will be neutralized here They will be ghost faces finally That is the secret Help me Help me You come to save me at last , Walkson told me he said , the police will come to save me I come here when I was 4 grade , Suvalla was 5 grade I can hear nothing , or say nothing the murdered Director modified robot program for this kid but he was killed soon Nobody will notice this without robot case Then who will save me ? We did not expect sacrifice It seems not real How could it be if a robot has no soul I can not imagine But .. But .. I never want to be a robot " When you cried for birds , you cried for yourself " " People with voice is happy " If a robot has his own voice He may cried , I don 't want to be human being Ask yourself Now do you feel happy ? This scene put me in a reminiscent mood I don 't have this feeling , at least not now " Solitary rejects evil " " Need few things " " Just like the elephant in forest " Don 't forget , Batou When you get online I will be with you Bye That ship is out Your guardian angel ? Need me to write report ? I will pick you up 8 : 20am tomorrow I can not get back without a gift Do you want geting in with me ? No interest for your family party Dad ! Have you got any gift for me ? I did not forget this
