 Now I lay me down to sleep , I pray the Lord my soul to keep . If I die before I wake , I pray the Lord my soul to take . God bless Mommy , God bless Daddy , and Grandma and Grandpa LaPierre , and Grandma and Grandpa Jason , and ... Okay , okay , Amber Lynn . Bedtime . Come on . You grab Mike , okay ? Hop in . Let 's get you cozy , cozy , toasty , toasty . Inside . Snug as a bug . - Night-night , Lynnie . - Night-night , Daddy . - Night , Mommy . - Night , love . Bed lights out , Amber Lynn . Good girl . That 's a good girl . [ TV : Gunfire ] Stop right there ! - Weapon on the floor . - This is great . [ Man On TV ] Where 's this trial I 'm being put through ? Is this a test of my love for you ? Billie ? - They are the ones that want me to kill myself . - [ Clicks Off ] Aah ! Oh , sweet angel . Billie ! Amber Lynn ! Oh , God ! [ Bell Dings ] Amber Lynn LaPierre , that 's right . A federal investigation is underway . The kidnapping in Sacramento , California . - Why are you here , Agent Mulder ? - I want this case . I 'm fairly certain I 've got more than enough competent agents in here . - Ooh , I can see that . - This is a kidnapping , Agent Mulder . A little girl snatched from her bedroom . Basic , missionary-style F.B.I. Work . - It 's not an X-File . - I 'm aware of the facts . We 're trying to rule out all possibilities before we start making any statements . That 's what I 'm talking about , ruling out other possibilities . I can 't just give you the case . I have to follow protocol . Behavioral gets first crack , then the people down at N.C.N.E.C. Two , three , four hours . This case is gonna be a circus . Every starstruck attorney in America ... is gonna want to represent these people for free . If somebody doesn 't ask the right questions right now , they may never get asked . You 've got till noon . Mulder ... the agents in my office ... they have a pool going . They think she 's dead . Don 't bet on it . [ Crowd Chattering ] [ Woman ] Sir , can you tell us about ... Excuse me . Have they found the girl ? Are there any new developments in the case ? Is she dead ? Are the parents suspects in the disappearance of their daughter ? Sorry , no press allowed inside . Special Agent Fox Mulder , F.B.I. - I 'd like to speak to Mr. And Mrs. LaPierre if I may . - My clients have nothing to say . Uh , Harry Bring . How can I help you ? Mr. Bring , your card says " real estate law and conveyances . " Have you ever handled a murder case ? - This isn 't a murder case . - Well , it might as well be ... once the facts about Amber Lynn 's disappearance get out . My clients are not murderers , and-and I resent any such accusation . You know , if you really want to help your clients , get them a real lawyer . It 's okay , Harry . - [ Sobs ] - Billie and I got nothin ' to hide . Mr. And Mrs. LaPierre , my name is Fox Mulder . I 'm a special agent with the F.B.I. I have a lot of experience with crimes like the one that took place here . I know you 've made a statement to the police , but I 'd like to ask you some questions about that . I 'd like you to answer in as much detail as both you and your lawyer are comfortable with . I want to ask you about the note you found . Where did you fnd it ? - In my daughter 's bedroom . - When ? When I went to check on her . - Do you know what time that was ? - 9 ; 30 , I think . It was right about then . - I was watching TV in here . - What were you watching ? I never heard of it before . It was good . What about you , Mrs. LaPierre ? - I was in bed already . - Were you asleep ? Half . Is that Amber Lynn 's bedroom that I saw down the hallway there ? Yes . Do you always lock your doors at night , even if you 're home ? Yes . You know most of your neighbors , I bet , up and down the street . - You 're on good terms with them ? - Most of them , yes . Can you think of anyone who might 've wanted to hurt Amber Lynn ? [ Sobbing ] That 's enough questions . They 've been very helpful , but I think you can see that these folks have nothing whatsoever to hide . Mr. And Mrs. LaPierre , I want you to understand something , because it 's gonna get very confusing from here on in . But whatever else the F.B.I. Says or does , they 're gonna try their damnedest to find your little girl . - Okay . - Thank you . Agent Mulder ? Do you think they will ... find her ? Oh , I hope so . Yeah . I really do . [ Knocking ] It 's open . Mulder ? Come on in . - What are you doing ? - Thinkin ' . - About ? - Amber Lynn LaPierre . - Mind if I turn on a light ? - Yeah . I do . Skinner is royally pissed . - At you . - I 'm sure he is . He expected a report at noon . He waited . And now he sent me to find you to get it . - I don 't have a report . - They had to move on the case . The media got wind of the police findings . They 're gonna broadcast them . The parents are being held for further questioning . - They 're not guilty , Scully . - The facts would say otherwise . There 's no sign of a break-in . Both of the parents were at home at the time the girl disappeared . They lied about where they found the note . - Why ? - That 's what I 've been thinkin ' about . Is it the media , orjust our own morbid fascination with the killing of an innocent ? She 's not dead , Scully . [ Phone Rings ] - Mulder . - [ Woman ] Fox , it 's me . - Mom ? Hi . - I 'm watching the news . That little girl in California . You 're out there , aren 't you ? Yes . - I am . Are you okay , Mom ? - When are you coming back here ? Well , I 'm not sure . You know , I don 't know . - Call when you get back , Fox . - Okay , I will . Um ... You take care , Mom , okay ? - [ Dial Tone ] - [ Receiver Clicks ] [ Skinner ] From the note , we can and have determined several facts . There is a threat of physical violence , but no demand for money or ransom . The note is short and written on a torn piece of paper , suggesting haste and little or no planning . The paper 's the type used by dry cleaners to protect laundered garments . The torn piece that the note was found on ... matches exactly a piece that was found in the garbage at the LaPierre home . The ink matches a felt-tip pen that was also found in the garbage . One set of prints were found on it ... Billie LaPierre 's prints . - Is it her handwriting ? - [ Man ] That 's gonna be diffcult to prove , due to the felt-tip pen and the quality of the paper , which tends to cause bleeding , makes the handwriting indistinct . It also looks like there 's been an attempt to disguise the writing . By using samples of Mrs. LaPierre 's handwriting , we see dominant letter forms ... the " S " in " strangle , " " stray dog , " here in " Santa Claus . " Matches up with the " S " ' s in " dollars " ... " seven " and " cents . " - Enough to make a connection . - But not an indictment . Do you have information you 'd like to share with us , Agent Mulder ? Bud LaPierre says he 'd been watching television ... and had gotten up to go to bed when he found Amber Lynn missing . But according to the police report , the TVset was still on when the frst offcers arrived on the scene . By his own account , both mother and father put Amber Lynn to bed ... and were never more than 20 feet from her room during the period in which she was abducted . The LaPierres know all their neighbors up and down the street , are on good terms with them . But no one saw a stranger on a Friday ... at a fairly early hour enter into a locked and lighted home ... and remove this little girl undetected . - Husband 's lying for his wife . - I don 't think so . Why ? Because that doesn 't explain what happened to this little girl . What are you doing , Mulder ? There 's something in that abduction note that I 've seen before . That 's not what I mean . You 're personalizing this case . You 're identifying with your sister . My sister was taken by aliens . Did I say anything about aliens ? There are a lot of good agents up in Skinner 's office who do not have the patience for this . What did I do ? I provided a logical counterpoint . - You told them that they were wrong , Mulder . - And they are . Pocatello , Idaho , 1987 . Look familiar ? [ Children Chattering , Squealing ] Kathy Lee , visitors are here . - Can you let them in , please ? - [ Buzzing ] Hi , Ms. Tencate . My name is Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . Can we have a seat ? It 's not the Ritz . Um ... we just have a few questions . We 've reviewed the facts of your case . The facts seem to speak for themselves . Your six-year-old son Dean was taken from his bed while he slept . A note was found threatening his life , later determined to be written by you . You plead innocent at trial , but you were convicted ... and sentenced to 12 years , even though your son 's body was never found . - Yes , that 's right . - Your story is that , uh , on the night your son disappeared , you had a vision of him dead . You thought it was your mind playing tricks on you , but when you got up to check on him , he was missing from his bed . - Is that accurate ? - Yes . Now , three years ago , after seven years of incarceration , you changed your story and confessed to the murder of your son ... in a fit of insanity , a psychotic break . - Yes , that 's right . - Why did you do it ? I don 't know . I was full of rage . I have a ... copy of the note that you wrote . Do you mind if I show it to you ? Now , there 's a phrase down here at the bottom . " No one shoots at Santa Claus . " Can you explain what that means to me ? [ Kathy Lee ] Uh ... It means that , uh , when someone promises you something , a gift , like Santa Claus , that no one would do anything for fear of not getting the gift . A little girl disappeared from her bed three days ago . This is the note that was left at that scene . Can you take a look at that and tell me what it says at the bottom ? Same thing . Neither note makes a specific demand . In both cases , there is no evidence of foul play or break-in . And , as in your son 's case , there is no body to be found . - I told them where the body was . - Yes , you did . - But it wasn 't where you said it was gonna be . - I can 't explain it . - I think you can . - I can 't ! You can 't explain it because you didn 't do anything . You didn 't kill your son , and you didn 't bury him . You 're not guilty of anything other than a lie , just like these people . The only reason you changed your story was to get outta here . Because you knew the parole board might buy the story ... of a psychotic break and of your terrible remorse . But they would never , never let a woman out ofjail who claimed her son just disappeared out of thin air These people ... they need someone to tell them it 's okay , someone to corroborate their story . - I 'm not that person . - They need your help . That was utterly irresponsible , Mulder . It was out of line and it was without any basis in reality . - You think that woman could 've killed her son ? - She was convicted in a court of law . So how do you explain those two notes , written ten years apart , could contain the same obscure phrase ? I can 't explain it , Mulder , but you 're doing exactly what I said . - You 're personalizing this case . - No . I 'm gonna solve this case . - I am gonna solve it . - How ? I 'm gonna find those kids . What if they 're dead , Mulder ? Don 't go looking for something you don 't wanna find . [ Sobbing ] Guard ? Guard , please , can you get them back ? Guard ? I need to talk . [ Answering Machine ] This is Fox Mulder . Leave a message . I 'll try to get back to you . [ Beeps ] [ Mother 's Voice ] Fox , it 's your mother . I 'd hoped you 'd call upon your return , but I haven 't heard from you . I 'm sure you 're busy . There are so many emotions in me , I wouldn 't know where to start . So much that I 've left unsaid for reasons I hope ... one day you 'll understand . This is highly unusual . I wanna know what you 're doing here . Something I want your clients to see . I wanna know what it is first . It 's about shootin ' Santa Claus , Mr. Bring . You 're gonna wanna see it too . I believe you share a secret . I 'm , uh ... I 'm doing this because I feel that it 's the right thing to do , and because I know what you 're going through . I wouldn 't want to happen to you what happened to me . I just want to tell you that your little girl is okay . And I know you 're afraid of the truth , because I ... I saw things that I was afraid of too . And I can 't explain all of it , except to say ... that I don 't remember ... ever ... thinking those words that I wrote , let alone writing them . [ Bobbie Sobbing ] It was like they wrote themselves using my hand . But what I know ... for sure , because I feel it in my heart , is that my son is safe and protected ... and in a better place . [ Male Newscaster ] Rumors and suspicions aside , the parents of Amber Lynn LaPierre ... were released today for lack of evidence against them , and after giving a new statement to the Sacramento police , which insiders say ... has authorities still baffled and confused , recounting a detailed story ... that claims supernatural forces were at work when their daughter was abducted . The LaPierres , seen here returning to their home , declined comment . Federal investigation of the case will continue , but will no longer focus on the LaPierres as primary suspects . We , uh , we will intensify our search for Amber Lynn , and we remain hopeful of her eventual safe return . - [ Reporters Shouting , Indistinct ] - [ Clicks Off ] " Intensify our search " where ? The Twilight Zone ? - I have a corroborating witness . - In state prison . There 's a material connection between these two women . The only connection , Agent Mulder , is you . I 've got people busting their butts on this thing , putting together hard evidence , real evidence , while you 're out gathering Grimm 's Fairy Tales from convicted murderers . Doesn 't make sense . It 's incomprehensible in any kind of a real-world way . I deal in the real world , Agent Mulder . You begged onto this case as part of the solution . All you 've done is hand our only suspects the Twinkie defense . - Sir . - What ? What is it , Agent Scully ? - I need to have a word with Agent Mulder . - It can wait . - No , it can 't , sir . - What is it , Scully ? Mulder , your mom 's dead . [ Dialogue Indistinct ] - Mulder ? - In here . - What is it ? - Diazapan . She used them to sleep . - Was there a note ? - No . She called when I was in California . She wanted to talk , but , uh , I never called her back . Oh , Mulder ... I didn 't ... Why would she do this ? It just doesn 't make any sense . - We never truly know why . - No . She wouldn 't kill herself . Why are these pictures gone ? There were photos here . There were photos of my sister and I. This is all she had left of us , and they 're missing . Why ... [ Sighs ] She saw me on the news . She wanted to talk about the missing girl , Amber Lynn . She wanted to tell me something about her . Maybe she couldn 't tell me over the phone , 'cause she was afraid that they would do something like this to her . - Who ? - Whoever took my sister . Look at this place . I mean , it 's like it 's all staged . The pills , the oven , the tape . It 's like a bad movie script . They would 've come here , and they would 've threatened her . She would be upset . They would have to sedate her . I would look for a , uh ... a needle-puncture mark or something else in her system besides these pills . No , Mulder . Please don 't ask me to do this . - Scully , who else can I ask ? - An autopsy , Mulder ? It 's one thing on a stranger , but you 're my friend and she 's your mother . I know . But if you don 't do it , I might never know the truth . [ Sighs ] [ Buzzing ] You 've seen things . I need to understand them . Something 's happened to you ? My mother 's dead . You know why . Look , I can help you . I can talk to the parole board for you . But right now , I need you to help me . - I don 't understand what you want . - I 'm not here by accident . My sister was taken away from me ... when she was eight years old , like your son was taken away from you . - Where 's your sister now ? - I don 't know . - Your mother knew , didn 't she ? - Why do you ask that ? - She was trying to tell you . - Tell me what ? - She 'd seen them . - Who ? The walk-ins . Old souls looking for new homes . Your sister 's among them . - You can see them ? - Yes . But sometimes it 's very difficult because they live in the starlight . - Is my sister dead ? - They took her ... to protect her soul from the great harm it would 've suffered in her life , just like they did my little boy . Where do they take them ? Your boy ? - This little girl , Amber Lynn LaPierre ? - I don 't know . But they 're okay . I 'm sure your sister 's there too . [ Children Shouting , Voices Overlapping ] Come on ! I want to see Santa ! Yes ! - That one 's fat . - That 's not Rudolph ! - This one is dead ! He 's dead . - He 's not ! He 's not ! # Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer # # Had a very shiny nose Like a lightbulb # # - You can 't sing it ! - Yes , I could ! - No , you can 't ! - I could ! [ Man ] Hey , buddy . - The kids wanna see Santa . What about it ? - He 's just flying in . [ Cheering , Whooping ] - We 're gonna see Santa ! - Santa ! [ Tape Rewinding ] [ Mother 's Voice ] Fox , it 's your mother . I 'd hoped you call upon your return , but I haven 't heard from you . I 'm sure you 're busy . There are so many emotions in me , I wouldn 't know where to start . So much that I 've left unsaid for reasons ... I hope one day you 'll understand . [ Rewinding ] There are so many emotions in me , I wouldn 't know where to start . So much that I 've left unsaid for reasons ... I hope one day you 'll understand . [ Knocking ] I 'm glad you 're here . My mother was trying to tell me something . - [ Rewinding ] - Think I 've figured it out . Something about my sister that she was never able to tell me . So much that I 've left unsaid for reasons ... I hope one day you 'll understand . She knew what I 'd find with this case out in California . - How could she know that ? - Child disappearing without a trace , without evidence , in defiance of all logical explanation ? She knew because of what 's driven me , what I 've always believed . Mulder ... Scully , these ... these parents who have lost ... who 've lost their children , they 've had visions ... of their sons and daughters ... in scenarios that never happened , but ... which they describe in notes that came through as automatic writing , and words that came through them psychically ... from old souls protecting the children . My mother must 've written a note like that herself ... describing the scenario of my ... sister 's disappearance , of her abduction by aliens . Don 't you see , Scully ? It never happened . All these visions that I 've had have just been ... they 've been to help me cope , to help me deal with the loss , but ... I 've been looking for my sister in the wrong place . That 's ... what my mother was trying to tell me . That 's what she was trying to warn me about . That 's why they killed her . Your mother killed herself , Mulder . I conducted the autopsy . She was dying of an incurable disease ... an untreatable and horribly disfiguring disease called Paget 's carcinoma . She knew it . There were doctors ' records . She didn 't wanna live . She was trying to tell me something ! She was ... [ Sobbing ] She was trying to tell you to stop ... to stop looking for your sister . She was just trying to take away your pain . - [ Gasps ] - [ No Audible Dialogue ] [ Knocking ] - Hi . - Hi . - How 's he doing ? - It 's been a hard night for him . Billie LaPierre 's asking for him . She 's got something to say . - She 'll only talk to Mulder . - It 's not a good ... What is it ? This case has heated up . I 've booked two flights for us . Then you better book three . Honey , wake up . - He 's here . - Hm ? Come in , Agent Mulder . It 's okay . She 's here to help . What happened here , Billie ? I saw my daughter right in this room ... standing right there . I swear to God , she was right over there ... in the pajamas her grandma gave her ... saying something to me . - What was she saying ? - I don 't know . Her lips were moving , but I couldn 't hear . I thought ... I thought she was saying " 74 . " 74 ? The number 74 ? Does that mean anything to you ? 74 mean anything to you , Mr. LaPierre ? Let 's go home . Mulder , we just got here . We 're not gonna ... find these people 's daughter alive . - How do you know that ? - What we 're hearing , it 's ... the delusional talk of people that don 't want to accept the truth . - You think they know what happened to their child ? - Maybe , maybe not . But you can 't see a ghost and still hope to find her alive . Both things can 't be true . If this little girl 's spirit really did appear to her mother , then there 's probably only one explanation . You think their daughter 's dead . - Well , what about the handwritten note ? - I don 't know what that means . I don 't know what is the truth and what isn 't anymore . I 'm way too close to this case to make any kind of sound judgment . In fact , I would like to ask for you to let me off this case , please , and I 'd like to take some time off . What is it ? - Santa Claus . - What ? Stop . Turn around . Some of these tapes go back to the ' 60s . I think I know what we 're gonna find here . It 's what my mother was afraid of ... my sister . [ Children Chattering , Squealing ] It 's Amber Lynn LaPierre . This tape is dated two days before her disappearance . Hey ! - Stop ! - [ Gun Fires ] Keep your hands up ! - What 's your name ? - Ed Truelove . You 're under arrest . You have the right to remain silent . If you give up the right to remain silent , anything you say ... can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to speak with an attorney ... and to have your attorney present during questioning . If you so desire and cannot afford one ... [ Continues , Indistinct ] Scully . [ Child ] I made this !
