 [ Thunder Rumbling ] Almost home now , Jason . What do we say ? [ Together ] Sticks and stones may break my bones , but words can never hurt me . Keep your chin up , son . We 'll get through this just fne . [ Yelling , Shouting ] Jason , have you got a comment ? How do you feel , Jason ? [ Man ] Back up ! Back up , there ! [ Yelling , Shouting Continue ] Okay , folks , come on out . You 're safe now . Just step out and stay in front of me . We 'll get you in your house . - Come on , son . - Just stay in front of me . [ Thunder Rumbling ] There you go , sweetheart . If you need anything during the night , if you don 't feel well , you just ring that bell , okay ? Okay , Mom . Good night , Jason . I know you 're afraid . Maybe you think those people outside are right ... that we should take you to the hospital and let the doctors treat you . We could do that . And they might take away your cancer and your body might feel better , but not your soul . It 's God himself who gave you this illness , Jason , for reasons that are his . If you 're to be well in body and spirit , it 's God who must come to deliver you . [ Wind Howling ] [ Rumbling ] Good morning . Here 's a story to warm the cockles of your heart , Scully . " An 11 - year-old boy diagnosed with lymphatic cancer cured with a miracle . " Jason McPeck . Goochland , Virginia . Oh . Yeah , his parents refused treatment on religious grounds . His faith forbids medical aid , and soJason 's cure was delivered by angels . Well , spontaneous remission , Mulder , isn 't completely unheard of . So-called " miracle " recoveries attributable ... to no clear cause or reason . It 's not the miracle I 'm suspicious of . It 's the messenger . That came as an anonymous e-mail to me ... from the Defense Advance Research Projects Agency . - DARPA ? - Someone at DARPA . How 'd you hear about it ? [ Clears Throat ] You subscribe to the Goochland Guardian ? No . So this just appeared miraculously on your doorstep this morning ? As far as I can tell , I was the only one to whom it was delivered . Someone wants us on this case . - It 's not a case , Mulder . - Yeah , not yet . I 'm gonna go back over to DARPA . You see what else you can find out about that boy . I just gotta know whether it was Roma Downey or Della Reese . [ Laughing , Shouting ] - Yes ? - Hi . I 'm Dana Scully with the Federal Bureau of Investigation . - Are you Mrs. McPeck ? - What can we do for you ? I 'm here about your son . - Are we under investigation ? - Uh , no . L-I was just hoping to better understand what happened to him . - May I ask , is he okay ? - Jason , you 've got somebody to see you . - Tell her how you 're feeling . - I feel good . Just a little out of breath . You 're looking at God 's work . Jason 's life owes to his grace and exalts his name in the highest . - Praise the Lord . - Praise the Lord . - Praise the Lord . And you say that you saw angels ? - Yes . - May I ask what they looked like ? They looked like men . They came from the sky in a ball of light . - And what did they say ? - They said not to be afraid . Then one of them pinched me kind of hard . - And then I was better right away . - He pinched you ? Where ? Right here . - What the hell are you doing ? - God 's work . What else ? - Get out of my car . - I 'd hoped for more accommodation toward the man ... who saved that young boy 's life , and yours . You got your light . Now get out . You 're not at all curious ... about the chip that 's been put in that boy 's neck ? You , a medical doctor , who has the same technology in your body , who 's witnessed this wondrous miracle firsthand ? I 've taken considerable trouble to prove my intentions . The newspaper at your door , the e-mail to Mulder , the elaborate demonstration of curing this boy 's cancer . You see , I 'm dying myself . A dying man who wants to make right ... to share his secrets ... and to bequeath this cure to millions of others , just like that boy . So you wanna give it to us ? To you , Agent Scully . I 've tired of Mulder 's muleheadedness . His foolish ideas of overthrowing the system . You think I 'm fooled by this ? I made you my offer . Agent Mulder hears a breath of this , rest assure I 'll rescind it . Take it to my grave . [ Line Ringing ] - [ Woman , Indistinct ] - Yes , I need a trace on a D.C. Area phone number . I need an address . Thank you . - May I help you ? - I 'm sorry . I made a mistake . - [ Lock Clicks ] - May I see some identification ? Look , is this necessary ? I just walked through the wrong door . Your identification , please . - Look ... - Third floor . [ Cigarette-Smoking Man ] Agent Scully . Please , sit . - I 'm glad you came . - You obviously knew that I would . - Well , I know you 're a doctor and a woman of compassion . - Please . In the end ... a man finally looks at the sum of his life ... to see what he 'll leave behind . Most of what I worked to build is in ruins . And now that the darkness descends , I find I have no real legacy . What are you dying of ? Cerebral inflammation . A consequence of brain surgery I had in the fall . The doctors give me just a few months . So you want to use me to clear the slate ... to make you a respectable person ? It won 't work . How many people in the world are dying of cancer ? And here we are wasting time with the past . I 'm here . Where is it ? This miracle cure of yours . We 'll need to take a trip . It will require a few days . I 'll get back to you . I have access , Agent Scully . I have these miraculous chips , but the genetic research that makes them work ... is closely guarded . There are men in this building who would kill me if they knew ... what I 'd offered you . They 'd kill you too in the blink of an eye . I 've destroyed a lot of things in my life , including the people most precious to me . All I want is a chance to do something in service to man before I go . [ Electronic Voice ] Call received 8 : 01 p.m. [ Scully ] Mulder , it 's me . I wanted to let you know ... that I 'll be out of town for a day or two . It 's a family emergency . I 'll call you when I can . [ Dialing Phone ] - [ Phone Ringing ] - This is Dana Scully . I 'm not in right now . - Please leave a message after the beep . - [ Beeps ] [ Mulder ] Hey , Scully , it 's me . Pick up if you 're there . Scully , you there ? All right , I just ... I got your message , and I hope everything 's okay . I 'll try you on your cell right now . You 're going to smoke ? [ Window Lowering ] - It 's time I quit . - Just like that ? No sacrifice is purely altruistic . We give , expecting to receive . What exactly is it you expect to receive ? Your trust . You question my sincerity . You think I 'm heartless . Would it soften your opinion of me if I confessed that ... I 've always had a particular affection for you ? I assure you , my intentions are honorable . I have affection for Mulder too . My affection for you is special . I held your life in my hands . Your cancer was terminal , and I had a cure . Can you imagine what that 's like ? To have the power to extinguish a life ... or to save it and let it flourish ? Now to give you that power ... so you can do the same . She said it was a family matter . Dropped off the key , asked me to water the plants . No biggie . A great girl . Independent as they come , you know ? - She 's a great girl . - Yeah , yeah . Tenants like having an F.B.I. Agent in the building . Gives them a sense of security . Do you know how many people have died in there ? - We don 't talk about that . - You said she was carrying a suitcase . Did you notice anything else ? Anything abnormal ? No , no . Actually , it wasn 't her carrying the suitcase . - It was her driver . - Her driver ? Yeah , an older guy . Tall . I 've seen him here before . Smokes like a chimney . Hey , don 't you want ... You 've been at the wheel too long . Would you like me to drive ? I might if you let me know where we 're going . Knowing that , you 'd feel comfortable ? You 'd trust me ? How long did it take Mulder to win your trust ? I 've always trusted Mulder . You 're not being honest with yourself . Think back . There was a time when you feared for your future , for your career , when you were frst partnered with this man . I told you , I 've studied you for years . And if you would permit me , I 'd like to make an observation . You 're drawn to powerful men , but you fear their power . You keep your guard up ... a wall around your heart . How else do you explain that fearless devotion ... to a man obsessed and a life alone ? You 'd die for Mulder , but you won 't allow yourself to love him . Wow . I 'm learning a whole other side to you . You 're not just a coldblooded killer . You 're a pop psychologist as well . I 've been a destroyer all my life . Before I die , I 'd like to prove that I 'm capable of something more . - Turn here , on the left . - Where are we going ? To show you what I 'm capable of . [ Cigarette-Smoking Man ] Her name 's Marjorie Butters . She 's got quite a green thumb . Plays a mean game of Scrabble , if you 're interested . And what 's her relationship to you ? Well , how should I put it ? You could say that I 'm her angel . Marjorie 's 118 years old . - Oh ! - I thought I 'd surprise you . I look an absolute wreck . I 've been trying to get in some bulbs before spring . Marjorie , this is Dana Scully . She 's a very good friend of mine . - Nice to meet you . - My pleasure . Well , come inside . I baked some fresh bread this morning . And there are tomatoes from the garden . I 'll put the kettle on . To have this power ... to visit this woman and see her joy ... It must be why you became a doctor . I 'll expect your call . Thanks . She requisitioned a fleet sedan when she left the Bureau yesterday . I don 't know why , and there have been no fuel charges . Her mother doesn 't know anything about a family emergency . Look , I know you 're worried about the company that she 's in . But from what you 've told me , it 's not like she 's sneaking out . And the truth is , she 's gone to a lot of trouble to allay your fears . I know she can take care of herself . It 's just not like her to lie to me . [ Phone Ringing ] That 's my private line . - Skinner . - [ Scully ] Sir ? - Agent Scully , where are you ? - I 'm on the road . - I 'm sorry to call you on this line . - It 's all right . It 's just we 've been worried about you . Everything 's okay . I just wanted you to express that to Mulder . - He 's standing right here . Why don 't you do that yourself . - No , sir , that 's all right . Can you tell him that I 'll call him later ? Just tell him that I 'm fine . She said she 's fine . She 's in trouble . I 'm going to the restroom . Mulder , I 'm trusting you 'll be able to make sense of what 's on this tape . I had no other way of contacting you . Please try and understand that I weighed the risks . I couldn 't divulge these plans without risking them , and I promise you that I weighed everything . Our current location is northbound on the Upstate Expressway . We 're driving my F.B.I. Fleet sedan . I promise I will get these tapes to you as fast as I can . Oh ! Excuse me . Lifesaver ? You may as well get comfortable . We 've got a good drive ahead . [ Knocking On Door ] It 's the masters of disguise . - Can we laugh it up in your apartment ? - We got heat on our tail . We did what you asked , pulled up what we could on Scully . We started with her credit cards to see if she purchased any airline tickets . And ended up hacking into some defense department node . Where they demanded that we immediately identify ourselves ... or face prosecution for espionage or crimes against the government . What does this have to do with finding Scully ? When we went into her computer , we found a series of deleted transmissions . E-mail that had been erased from her sub-directories , but not her hard drive . - A series of communications . - From someone named Cobra . Who the hell is Cobra ? Scully would have told me about him . Well , looks like she 's gone to great lengths to keep this from you . I don 't believe that . She knows that I 'd fnd her no matter what . Mulder , we can 't find her . There 's nowhere to start looking . Yeah , I don 't believe that either . Give me that . How do you take your coffee ? Unadulterated , thank you . You drugged me . I did nothing of the sort . How the hell did I get out of my clothes and into bed ? I carried you . You 'd been up for over 30 hours . You were delirious . I only wanted to make you comfortable . - Where are we ? - Milford , Pennsylvania . Well , that wasn 't part of the deal . I don 't know what you 're up to . The keys are in the ignition . You 're free to go , of course . The choice is still yours . Sir , I need your attention . - Is my assistant ... - No . She 's away from her desk . I wouldn 't just bust in here , - but as I said , it 's a breaking situation . - What the hell 's going on ? - That 's my question exactly . I believe you 've all met . - Is this place secure ? - Is it secure ? - Don 't get testy , G-man . Are you aware of a federal fugitive code-named Cobra ? For the past six months , Cobra 's been e-mailing Scully ... from the Department of Defense where he works on a shadow project ... for advanced research . - A shadow project is right . - Where this dude works , even the shadows have shadows . - Is that what I 'm looking at here ? - No . What they 're pulling up is Scully 's correspondence back to Cobra . - She has a relationship ? - No . Somebody posing as Scully ... who hacked into her computer and has been capturing all her e-mail , passing themselves off as Scully in order to win Cobra 's trust . The last five exchanges hinted a meeting ... where they 're gonna exchange information on the project Cobra 's working on . - A meeting ? Where ? - [ Frohike ] Don 't know . - They just ended . - Who 's been in her computer ? Smoking Man , or someone working for him . You gotta get to him now . You of all people should know that you just don 't get to him . If you don 't get to him , it may be the last time we see Scully alive . [ Knocking On Door ] We 'll be getting fnal instructions from our contact tonight . He 's ... He 's invited us to dinner . I took the liberty of getting you something to wear . It 's , uh ... It 's beautiful . I 'm glad you like it . I look forward to tonight . # # [ Piano ] - So your contact 's going to join us ? - I presume so . You extol our great trust , but you still haven 't told me who he is . He is to human genetic science ... as Oppenheimer and Fermi were to the advent of nuclear warfare . I 'm still not clear what my importance is to this exchange . This man ... We 'll call him Cobra ... he needs assurances ... that the science he 's gonna hand over won 't fall into the wrong hands . - I 've told him of you . He 's expecting to meet you here . - [ Pouring Liquid ] Well ... to the future . I must tell you something else . Something that 's so unbelievable , so incredible , that to know it is to look at the entire world anew . What ? What we are being given , it 's not the cure for cancer . It 's the holiest of grails , Dana . It 's the cure for all human disease . How ? It 's from that final frontier . It 's largely extraterrestrial . Then you would be cured . That which makes miracles ... can also make great evil . There are those who would use this power for their own purposes . To choose who will live and who will die . Theoretically , I can be cured , but ... everything I 've told you about wanting to make right ? I 'm a lonely man , Dana . Would you excuse me ? Cobra hasn 't shown . - What do you wanna do ? - Wait . What else can we do ? What trust you 've won ... Scully won 't stick around forever . What 's wrong ? Just do your damn job . Calico inlet 's 15 minutes out . South end . - What do I do when I get there ? - I don 't know . Just wait . Be careful . Finally we meet . You 're just as you described yourself . Certainly more so last night at dinner . I only wish we could continue to correspond , but it must end after this . I hope one day we can take some time ... when I 'm not a marked man . This is it ... the science I promised you . Well , wait . Where did you get this ? - Where did it come from , this science ? - Where did it come from ? - Who developed it ? - Scully ? Yes , I 'm Scully , but I don 't believe we 've spoken before or corresponded . [ Gunshot ] [ Gunshot ] They shot him . They killed him . And they shot at me . - Did you get it ? - You told me that no one else knew about this ! I wouldn 't have sent you if I thought there 'd be any danger . Dana . Yes , I got it . Forgive me . Here . Take it . This is for you . I gotta go . Go . There 's nothing on this . - It 's empty . - Completely . No . It can 't be . It can 't be . It 's got to be on there . He was here ! These were his offices . What the hell is this ? He used you . Mulder , he laid it all out for me . I recorded it . I mailed you the tape . This old woman , Marjorie Butters , I met her . I saw her pictures , her birth certificate . You saw what you needed to see in order to make you believe . Well , then what about this boy ? This boy with cancer ? You can 't deny that . That 's ... That 's undeniable proof . Even if we could convince his parents to let us march him out , how long before that chip in his neck mysteriously disappears ? This was the perfectly executed con , Scully . And the only thing I can 't figure out is why you 're still alive . Mulder , I looked into his eyes . I swear what he told me was true . The man 's motives never changed . [ Scully ] You think he used me to save himself ... at the expense of the human race ? [ Mulder ] He knows what that science is worth , how powerful it is . He 'd let nothing stand in his way . [ Scully ] You may be right . But for a moment , I saw something else in him . A longing for something more than power . Maybe for something he could never have . [ Child ] I made this !
