 PRIME DIRECTIVES 1x01 " DARK JUSTICE " Subtitles subXpacio I 'm Ashley St. John Smyth . And I 'm PJ Flinders . This is " Media Net . " Top story : The terrorist known only as " Bone Machine " struck again last night , decimating a low-income housing project . No major injuries are reported - damage is estimated at $ 17 million . Security Concepts spokesperson Sara Cable had this to say . The actions of a lone criminal are in no way indicative of the state of Delta City as a whole . Today Delta City Security unveiled its revolutionary new " Zero-Fatality " policy , which prohibits use of lethal force in the apprehension of suspects . Criminals respond with lethal force only when they themselves feel threatened . If the police do not provoke them , then they won 't act in that manner . Supporters say they are confident the new act will help ensure that Delta City remains the safest place on earth . In other news , guess who turned 10 years old today ? Yes , Robocop . " Delta City Defender " marked his 10th year of operation this morning with a celebratory bash sponsored by Omni Consumer Products - OCP . Delta City 's favorite law enforcement cyborg , Robocop , takes the streets in this hard-hitting , long-lasting carnival of carnage ... captured live ! Robocop puts pedal to the metal with thousands of DC 's finest . Take cover , lawbreakers , as the future of law enforcement clamps down on wrongdoers citywide . This lethal high-octane excitement is available exclusively to you , the Delta City citizen , direct from OCP Entertainment Technology . Own a part of history as " The Man of Steel " takes care of business his way . Shocking , thought-provoking highly entertaining ? You bet . Get yours today . Happy Birthday , Robo - thanks for helping make Delta City the safest place on earth . Attention ! Attention ! My name is Sandra Smiles and I 'm ready to negotiate . Further escalation of violence is not necessary at this time . As a duly retained representative of Omni Consumer Products Legal Affairs Division , I 'm authorized to take any demands you may have ... under due consideration . " Da Bomzz " have no time for words ! Napalm Joe , you get out there and show them we are serious . Catch . Die ! Die ! We do not negotiate . We detonate ! We are desirous to obtain a peaceable uniparty resolution , and are prepared to negotiate a mutually favorable exit strategy for you and your associates . Get a news crew up here now so that they can show the world the awesome power of " Da Bomzz . " We should just shoot them . That would be a gross violation of OCP policy , mister . That 's not gonna happen during my watch . " Da Bomzz " have no manifesto ! - There is no medium ! - This ain 't your watch . There is no message . Our revolution - Who the hell do you think you are ? This is Commander John T Cable , Delta City Security . You have two minutes to state your demands . - " Da Bomzz " are not politicians . - So you 're the new guy . - Listen ... - What 's your name ? Sandra . How 'd you like to wear your asshole for a necklace , Sandra ? I want a strike team on that front door with flash-bang grenades in 30 seconds , the backup squad in with shotguns . You got a problem , Lourdes ? - No , sir , it 's just - - What ? It 's just OCP , sir . They 've suspended all lethal ammunition . What ? This isn 't LA . We do have our rules . Shut up , Sandy . What do you have ? Pepper spray and tasters , sir . Pepper spray ? And tasters . I think Carson over there has some rubber bullets . Nitro ! Cable ... you 've got a lot to learn . That 's the way things are run here in Delta City . It 's " Da Bomzz " fight ! Here he comes ! Screw you ! - Screw you ! - Not anymore . Screw you ! Having some trouble ? Nothing I can 't handle . I don 't need a machine to do a cop 's job . Keep your men back . Officer , I want no unnecessary violence in there . Hey , Robo ! Va fan culo ! Officer , no unnecessary violence . Just because you have ammunition doesn 't mean you can use it . Damn it . We 're sending someone in to negotiate . Attention . You are under arrest . Lay down your weapons and surrender . You don 't need me , Sandy . You don 't need any of us . - Hey - - Forget it . You are trespassing . Release the hostages . You ain 't the news . We said to bring the news so the world can see the awesome TNT power of " Da Bomzz . " Criminals , look out ! Weapons malfunction . Please vacate the premises immediately . Hey ! Get your ass back in here ! Hey you ! Jeez . You are interfering in police business . Lay down your weapon and identify yourself . Identify this , tin man ! Prepare to die ! No ! We - we are desirous to obtain a peaceable uniparty resolution ... and are prepared to negotiate a mutually favorable exit strategy for you and your associates . Don 't get up . I 'll see myself out . Tear gas selected . Robocop ? Are you okay ? Robocop ? You are under arrest . You check over there . We need our weapons back . Sir , we found Robocop . Hey , are you still with us ? What are you prepared to do ? Delta City , the safest place on earth . Omni Consumer Products is the vanguard of this new age of prosperity . From the shoes on your feet to the car in your garage to the home you live in to the food on your table " if you 've got it , it 's from OCP . " This company is on the verge of complete financial collapse . The privatization of Delta City is more than $ 700 billion over budget , which makes us the sole owner of the single largest money pit in history . We have a 30 % decrease in shareholder confidence and increased competition overseas . Without immediate and decisive action , this corporation 's days are numbered . What I want are solutions . That means new ideas . Now , what have we got ? I suppose I should have expected this . How about our junior executives ? - Mr. Lowe . - If I may . Oh , please . We deal in many commodities here at OCP - children 's toys , news , entertainment programming , space travel , intercontinental thermo-nuclear accessories . But information is the true commodity of the 21st century , as our esteemed CEO has indicated . The Asian block has invested substantial resources in new technologies . Their advancements in the fields of cybernetics and artificial intelligence has been astronomical and quite frankly , OCP is being left in the dust . At this point , the only thing that could save this great corporation , is a little divine intervention . " Sentient artificial intelligence neural net terminus " - " SAINT " - developed by myself and my team here at OCP New Technologies Division , is the way of the future . Now , if you watch the video , you 'll see the profit potential of the SAINT project and the financial benefit to OCP . Imagine the possibilities - a computer capable of thinking for itself ; a computer capable of not only automating the day-to-day activities of this building but one that can monitor the people at work within it . A computer that we can control . And after a successful trial run here at OCP we can expand SAINT 's influence outward . We can have the direct control of Delta City and its citizens at our very fingertips . A whole city - under one roof . And all your eggs in one basket . Streamlining , increasing efficiency and control . Something that Security Concepts could stand to bone up on . Security Concepts deals in hard realities , not pipe dreams like a " magic box " that will fix all our problems in one fell swoop . OCP has no interest in abstractions , Mr. Lowe . This is far from abstract , ma 'am . I have a working prototype SAINT system in the R D lab as we speak . It was built with presently available components so no costly new construction is required . With a modest commitment of resources , we could be ready to test SAINT on this building ... in 10 days . Thank you . All right , Mr. Lowe , you 'll have your wish . But I want some hard results - and fast . You will , ma 'am . That 's a promise . Now on to new business . Let 's review our position with " Media Net . " Choke on it . Asshole . I had to jury-rig some of your existing components , so you may find that you 're a little on the delicate side . The replacement parts I requested are backordered and might not be in for a couple - three , four weeks . Some of them aren 't even made anymore . I 'm a little over-the-hill . Birthday blues ? Just thinking . That 's a dangerous habit . - Why do you do this ? - What ? Take care of me . Somebody has to . Don 't you have family ? A lot of them died . And the ones that didn 't I didn 't care much for , anyway . Want to know the truth ? I find it peaceful down here . It 's quiet . It used to be all they could do ... to keep people away . But now ... - I feel - - Mothballed ? When they first made me - when they brought me back - I thought ... that it was for some reason . Believe me , it was . I used to live up on Cadillac Heights . It was a war zone before you came along . I meant ... in a higher sense . I didn 't realize you were a philosopher . Hobley ! Smile , Edwin . Smile . We 're in business . That 's great . How did you convince them ? They were practically begging for it , Ed . Practically begging for it . I 'll pick up the schedule then ... in six months , I can get - - 10 days . - What ? - We 're going to need full building automation in 10 days . Overload error . System overload error . - Error . Error . - That 's not possible . I have every confidence in you , Ed . Damien , even if I had the staff that you promised me , which I don 't , I 'd still need to finish constructing the neural net . Do you know what your problem is , Ed ? You 're too negative . You 've got to think positive . We can do this . You can do this . You will - do this . This is what I mean . - What is this ? - I 'm teaching it . What , a game ? Three-dimensional thinking . What , like 3-D ? Yeah , Damien , like 3-D . You can 't program the neural net like a computer . It has to learn . The biotic potential - Ed , how long have we known each other ? 10 years ? 12 . Haven 't I always looked after you ? I started Lowe Technologies for you . Yeah - and sold it to OCP . So that you would have access to the resources you need . You said I wouldn 't have to work in a basement anymore . See , there you go again . Don 't you realize this is your ticket out of the basement ? Keep me posted . This is it Ed . This is it ! Damien - ! So this super-computer is going to what - hold my dingus while I piss ? You 'll all be working for me this time next month . It makes sense . Of course it makes sense . Emotions , politics , personal ambitions - - Executive urination . - ... they all impede judgment and bad judgment makes for bad decisions . No emotions , no mistakes . I 've been saying that for years . Not that those old bastards want to hear it . Well , they maintain the status quo . They are the status quo . This is Damien . " Bad judgment makes for bad decisions . " Come on , come on . - You 're new . - I just graduated . Executive Training Program . - Nice to have you aboard . - Thank you . - What 's your name ? - It 's Murphy , James Murphy . Save it . All right . No rest for the wicked . - The good don 't need any . - Mind some company ? How are you finding your new position here ? It 's a struggle . Like everything else , it 's a lot of responsibility . Allow me . Sara Cable . Authorization verified . Membership does have its privileges . Going down . I like to think that rewards are earned . I work hard , keep my nose clean . And that alone rocketed you to the top ? Do you have a point ? You know how corporations can be . They see a fast riser and rumors fly . Do you think I slept my way to the top ? You always do have the right information at the right time . Obstacles conveniently disappear from your path . You must have one hell of a guardian angel looking after you . I don 't listen to gossip and I don 't believe in angels . Maybe , just maybe , I 'm a good executive . But you think things could be better ? Sure , things can always be better . What are you prepared to do to change the situation ? Er ... We 're friends . I do whatever it takes . OCP practically raised me . After my parents died , if it wasn 't for the corporate orphanage , I 'd probably be living on the streets in Old Detroit . Maybe even worse . I have an obligation to protect this company . Even from itself ? Even if it means violating official company policy ? If that policy was damaging ? Hypothetically . I suppose I wouldn 't have much choice , would I ? Glad to hear it . Looks like you are going to live . But you might want to think twice before going head-to-head with that joker . I don 't know where a guy gets that kind of firepower in this town . - Freeze . - Take the shot , Murphy . Let him go now , you 're under arrest . - Take the shot . - I mean it , I 'll kill him . Let him go now , you 're under arrest . Murphy , take the shot . I 'll kill him . I swear . What are you prepared to do ? Who is your opponent ? No one . It 's an old game I seem to keep coming back to . White knight takes black bishop . Black sacrifices queen . Checkmate ... in two moves . Can I help you , Officer ? I have something to show you . Is this reliable data ? Someone on the inside . A cop . Taking the law into his own hands . It happens . How 's a street trooper supposed to get a hold of this ? Someone did . You 're so sure it 's a cop , why risk bringing it to me ? Because you ... have a good reputation . Officer ... let 's just keep this between us for now . You know we 're on shift in half an hour . You think you might sneak in a move before then ? You 're disturbing my concentration , Murphy . So that 's what you call that . I thought maybe you was taking a nap or something . This is a game of strategy , observation and patience . And right now , mine is wearing very thin . What ? What ? What the hell is that ? That 's " the hell-I-got-you - beat-your-next " move . Of course you do . What the hell is that ? That 's " the hell checkmate , " pal . I didn 't even see it coming . That 's the idea . " Cable Maneuver . " - The what ? - My own patented move . So you cheated ? This ain 't poker , Murphy . In the end , it all comes down to what you 're prepared to do to win . Top story , Texas . Famous Texas landmark and memorial the Alamo was destroyed by radical militant group , " The Sons of Santa Ana , " in a belated attempt at retribution for General Sam Houston 's defeat of the Mexican Army some 200 years ago . A statement issued by the group addressed the extraordinary lapse of nearly two centuries stating , " Better late than never . " Malcolm X-plosion , alleged member of the notorious gang " Da Bomzz , " has filed a multi-million dollar lawsuit against OCP , for injuries sustained at the hands of DC Security . My client 's rights have been grossly violated by the police department of this town that would love to turn our beautiful city into their own personal private killing field . If they want a fight , we will give them one . " Sic Semper Tyrannis ! " I told you not to say anything . Archie Nemesis here . Cops without guns . About damn time , I say . At last I can feel safe making an illegal lane change on an empty street at 4 : 00 in the morning without worrying about getting shot by some Delta City jarhead , all hopped up on caffeine and powered sugar . Take their guns away . Right on , take them away . Give them to some private citizens . Those are people who know how to do some real damage . Good day . Ashley St. John Smyth here at what appears to be the aftermath of another assault by the criminal vigilante known only as " Bone Machine . " Harlan 's Donuts , rumored to be a hangout for local drug dealers was nearly leveled in the dawn attack which left three dead and dozens injured . Ironically , this establishment was once frequented by officers of the former Detroit Police Department in the years preceding the changeover to DC Security . Check it out - it 's Robocop . Forget about him . Old news . We have to do it all over again . Hey Officer , over here . He hit it this morning . Took out the bad guys and then went to work on the rest of the place . Really did a number on it , too . Maybe it was personal . They didn 't have the sprinkly ones so I got us the plain . I don 't know what 's worse , the way he kills them or what he does to them after . The guy 's a psychopath . Hey , Bixler . The guy better watch himself if he gets in my line of fire . I 'll buy that for a dollar . Murphy , you coming or what ? What the hell is eating you today , man ? This whole lousy cesspool . Yeah . Maybe this whole OCP thing will do some good . Get more money in the department , some more cops on the street . You really want to trust your life to a conglomerate , Murphy ? I don 't know . I heard one of their guys on " Media Break " the other night . Sounded like he had some good ideas . Sara 's hooked up with them . - Some new recruitment program . - Really ? Said she might be " executive material " down the line . Wow . That 's fantastic . Whatever . Come on , John , what 's your problem today ? I got a message from Sara this morning . Well ? She wants to go through with it . Oh ... Oh hell , I 'm sorry , John . She said she couldn 't see herself as a cop 's wife anymore . Said she had her own future to worry about . I don 't even know what to say , man . You don 't have to say anything . The marriage was stillborn , Murph . Nothing more to say than that . All units in sector seven , respond , over . 221 to Dispatch . Go ahead , over . 221 , disturbance reported in the vicinity of Moore and Boothby Streets . Possible rabid dog , over . Dispatch , 221 . Roger that . We 're on it , over . See that ? We 're glorified dog catchers now . " No guts , no glory , " huh ? Oh , man . That looks like it up ahead there , doesn 't it ? It 's the right place . That guy must be the caller . - Did you call the police ? - Yeah , the dog is in there . I wouldn 't have called you but - yeah , right through there . - ... on his way back in a few hours . - You live next door ? No , no , I live down the street . - Okay . - Looks like no one 's home . Okay , thanks a lot . Sounds like the dog 's out back . - Let 's check it out . - Okay . Remember what happened the last time we did this ? - I 'm sure you 're going to tell me . - Oh yeah , I 'm going to tell you because I had to buy a new pair of pants . - Sweet fitting pair of pants . - 80 bucks will buy you a new pair . - Good pants . - Worth the price . Yeah , right . Oh yeah . He sounds hungry . Quit stalling . Over the side . - I went first the last time , man . - No , no , no , I did . I hate this . I hate it . Good boy , huh ? He 's a big one . - You 're going to need that ? - We 'll see . Lay down . Lay down . Oh yeah . Good boy . That 's a good dog . That 's a good dog . What are you eating there , fella ? What you got there ? What the hell is that ? That 's human . John , John . I 'm going inside . We need a warrant . So go get one . You want to blow the bust ? What if he 's got another one in there ? Jesus . We 're cops , it 's all right . It 's okay we 're cops . It 's okay . No , no , no , shh-hh . You stay with the girl . John . It 's all right , honey - you 're going to be okay . Dead or alive , you 're coming with me . I 'm alive , baby . Where are you ? I 'll kill him . Surrender yourself or I swear I 'll kill him . Okay , it 's going to be all right . I 'll be right back , I promise . Freeze ! Murphy - Murphy , take the shot . I 'll kill him . I mean it . Let him go now . You 're under arrest . - Take the shot . - I 'll kill him . What are you prepared to do ? Put your gun on the floor , pig . Murphy - what are you prepared to do ? Put your gun on the floor , pig . Do it ! Murphy ... ? Okay , okay . Just stay calm . Just stay calm . I 'm going to put the gun on the floor . - Nice and easy . - Don 't you do it . Nice and easy . Nice and easy , huh ? There you go . See there , little piggy ? Now your partner there - he 's the smart one . - Sorry , John . - Me too . Smart and dead . - You okay ? - Yeah . - Where 's the girl ? - Downstairs . Good . Oh , my God . You were right about the warrant . Follow me . Where are we going ? What 's the matter , James , don 't you like a little mystery ? I was your age when I joined OCP . We were a force to be reckoned with . We were hungry and we made things happen . Then we started believing our own hype , we got fat and lazy and complacent and now - excuse me - we 're losing ground . The more things have changed , the more OCP has stayed the same . After you . What is all this ? " The tombs . " This is where OCP buries all its failures . But from these ashes will spring its greatest triumph . This is about the future . The future of OCP , the future of Delta City . This is about wrestling control of OCP from its decaying bureaucracy and infusing it with fresh blood before it dies . Our blood . You talking about some kind of coup ? No . We need people with vision , James - people of strength . People who will do what is necessary to ensure the security of OCP . People like you . Welcome to " The Trust . " Commander Cable . You remember me , don 't you ? I guess they stopped calling you " Jimmy " by now . Yeah . Yeah . It 's been a long time . How are you finding things ? You 're the first person from OCP I 've seen since I got here , so not too bad . I just got assigned to Security Concepts I guess that makes you my boss . I like to think of myself as more of a liaison . What can I do for you ? Officially ? I just came to introduce myself but I heard you have a reputation for being difficult . I 've heard that too . Well , just so you are aware , I can 't allow any personal concerns to interfere with my business . I wouldn 't expect any less ... from Alex Murphy 's son . Certainly is a small world , isn 't it , Commander ? Certainly is . His father used to be ... a friend . A long time ago . I 've got something - Watch your back . Yeah , um-hmm . Is there something I can do for you ? You didn 't say anything ? - What could I say ? - " Hi , James , it 's me , your father . " It 's better this way . For whom ? Light on or off ? Off . See you tomorrow , Murphy . What are you doing here ? You ought to lock your doors . You ought to make an appointment . This is official . Isn 't it always ? " Phalanx Bio-Booster Armor . " It 's a prototype Security Concepts was playing with six or so years back . We were developing a lot of urban pacification hardware back then . Most of it didn 't work . Did this ? I 'm not familiar with the project . Why don 't you look into it yourself ? Because it seems ... the head of Delta City Security doesn 't have full security clearance . Gold Clearance is reserved for executives . We can 't go handing out full access to civil servants , Commander Cable . You hired me , Ms. Cable . If not to do my job , then for what ? Maybe I could arrange access to the archives . Do it . Glad to be of service , Commander . Nice office . Could probably use a woman 's touch , though . You did not tell me that Commander Cable was your husband . I don 't like to dwell on the past . That why you sent me to talk to him ? - What was your impression of him ? - He was my father 's partner ... he 's a good cop . - Too good as it turns out . Meaning ? He 's opened up a line of investigation that could be damaging to the Trust - to us . And you would like me to do what ? Think of him as a competitor . How would you handle it ? I would remove him . And what would you do to accomplish that ? Whatever it takes . Then I 'll leave it in your capable hands . Did you know him ? - Who ? - My father . Did you know him ? No . Neither did I. Something 's going on , Ed . I can smell it . Everybody 's sneaking around , playing games . It 's that damn Sara Cable . She 's got something planned . Why do I care about this ? I don 't know , Ed - maybe because our entire future depends on it . She 's cunning . She knows that once SAINT 's in charge I 'm going to be number one banana . She may even try to sabotage the entire project . Or maybe you 're just acting paranoid , again . Show me a guy who 's not paranoid in this company and I 'll show you a dozen daggers in his back . Knowledge is power , Ed , and I need to watch that bitch , 24 / 7 . How much longer till we 're ready to rock ? We 're on schedule - provided I have no more interruptions . By the way , I had to use segments from the prototype version neural net . Meaning ? Because of the non-linearized architecture , it was the only way I could fill certain gaps . That 's what I like about you , Ed - always thinking . Technology is our friend , Damien . Exactly . Technology is our friend . Fill in those gaps . This is Damien . " Technology is our friend . " Hey ! Murphy ? Hello , Dr. Frost . Who was that ? Who ? There was a technician . I was ... dreaming . Hmm ... Must have been looking for the damn bathroom . How are you feeling today ? All systems functioning . Good . Now where are you going ? This is Cable , come in . I read you . I 'm going to Security Concepts' bunker on the west end . I need you to meet me there . I think there 's something there you 're going to want to see . Roger that . - I 'm on my way . - Cable out . Welcome to the Security Concepts Bunker 115 . Please proceed to the weapons access terminal and make your selection . Security clearance will be required . If you do not have proper clearance , you 'll be in violation of OCP bylaw number 2667 . Have a great day . Contents have signed out by John T. Cable . Sara . We got a problem . You are under arrest . What the hell are you doing ? Dead or alive , you 're coming with me . Freeze ! Are you really going to kill me ... Alex ? It is you under there , isn 't it ? You have the right to remain silent . I came here to get answers , Alex . To questions you asked me . You came to me , remember ? You have the right to an attorney . Somebody 's playing with - somebody 's playing with both of us . Somebody 's using us . Anything you say can be used against you . " White knight takes black bishop . " You haven 't forgotten what I taught you . Whatever they 've done to you , I know it 's still you in there . - Anything you say can - - You are Officer Alex Murphy . You took an oath to uphold the law . - Anything you say - - You 're a man . - anything you say - - You 're not a machine . - can be - - You 're a cop . used against you - Run ! Run run . The award for valor goes to Officer John Terrence Cable . Ladies and gentlemen , this is one of the proudest days of my life . This just in . In a shocking turn of events , the terrorist " Bone Machine , " has been positively identified as Delta City Security Commander John Terrence Cable . Cable is presently at large and is considered extremely dangerous . But DC Security report that Robocop is hot on his trail . They promise the Delta City Defender will have things wrapped up in time for breakfast . Go get him , Robo . Don 't miss " When Good Cops Go Bad . The Hunt For John Cable . " Friday on " Justice Net . " If nothing else , I bet the movie will be great . - You 're in my chair . - Stop . Before you say anything , I have to give you a compliment . I would have thought that the head of Security Concepts would have been cold , calculating , ruthless and manipulative . I was right . Shouldn 't you be in the basement playing with your magic box ? Technology is our friend , Sara . You 're making a play , a good one too . It 's no coincidence that you instituted this " Zero Fatality policy when you did . Sure , looks like great PR . But it also cripples city security just as " Bone Machine " appears out of nowhere , I might add . OCP is disgraced right in its very own back yard . - Damien - - What happens next ? Hmm ? Let me run this one up your flagpole . The entire executive board is forced to resign after the debacle , leaving the field wide open , for another , new board to step up to the plate , headed by - oh , let 's say ... you ? How am I doing ? It 's good . Nearly flawless . I didn 't see it . Except when the story broke about your ex-hubby being " Bone Machine , " I just knew you had to be involved . The old woman doesn 't know yet - menopause or something - but you can bet it won 't be long before she does . You mean before you run to her with the story ? I think both you and I know where the future of this company lies . Besides , she doesn 't like me . I don 't like you , either . Take a number . Line forms on the left . I want in . - Pardon me ? - Whatever you 're up to - I want a piece of it . I want in . Because I 'd hate for the old bag to see this - you and your ex having a little meeting here yesterday . She 's slow but she 's not that slow . You 're in my chair . Get out . Think it over ... hmm ? Hello , Albert . Your front door was unlocked . That 's careless . You want to talk about " careless " ? What 's going on out there ? Don 't give me none of that " I don 't recall " crap neither . I turn on " Media Net " - what do I find ? John T. " Super Cop " Cable running around with my name . Don 't believe everything " Media Net " tells you . " Bone Machine " was supposed to be Delta City 's top cop . You have to learn to be more flexible than that , Albert . Robocop is tracking John as we speak . This will help you locate them . Find Robocop and you 'll find John Cable . You keep up your end of the bargain . Complete reinstatement . Albert Bixler , not " Bone Machine , " will be Delta City 's top cop . There are big changes coming , Albert . You could be part of them . All I need from you ... is one more job . The award for valor goes to Officer John Terrence Cable . Heard your transfer was approved . Yeah . Where are they sending you ? Metro West . Pretty rough . OCP is sending all the new guys up there . You think you 're up to it ? We 'll have to see . - Murph - - No , don 't . The guy would have walked . What did you expect me to do ? Be a cop . I am a cop . I don 't know what you are anymore . So why didn 't you tell them ? Because I owe you . And because I 'm still a cop . You can always come back . You watch your back . You can always come back . Detective Berg , it 's not like he killed someone . It 's a clear violation of my client 's rights . Make it aggravated assault and I can make bail , in cash , now . - It 's a nice precinct . - Yeah , pretty good . We work down here , Murphy . Get your armor and suit up . What ? What the hell was that ? That 's " the hell - I 've-got-you-beat-your-next " move . Of course you do . I didn 't even see it coming . That 's the idea . The " Cable Maneuver . " What did you expect me to do ? Be a cop . I am a cop . Murphy ... ? Alex ? You hear me ? Yes . I hear you . I knew you 'd come back . This is where it all began . I knew you would remember . I knew that you had no choice . Alex ? What have they given us ... for years of service ? For putting our lives on the line ? We - we were the best there was . Now what are we ? Dinosaurs . An embarrassment . A joke . I don 't - want to kill - you . But you don 't have a choice . So I guess I don 't either . You have to shoot me . No . You 're destroying yourself . The only way out is for you to shoot . I - can 't . I don 't want to die at the hands of a machine . So you make sure it 's the man that does the killing . You owe me that much . It 's your only choice , Alex . What are you prepared to do ? Surprise ! Die , die ! You 're boned , baby . I 'll kill him . No . Murphy ... take the shot . I 'll do it . What are you prepared to do ? I 'm - sorry , John . Do it ! That guy better watch himself , he gets in my line of fire . - You . - Do I know you , mister ? No . Good . Alex ? Did we win ? We did ... what we had to do . Don 't - ... don 't die . Everybody dies . The world only makes sense ... if you force it to . The terrorist " Bone Machine , " a. k. a . , former Detroit Police Officer Albert Bixler , was killed last night in a pitched battle in Old Detroit with the " Delta City Defender , " Robocop . Bixler had been relieved of duty several years previous following allegations around the shooting death of a suspect . Sadly , Delta City Security Chief John Cable , was also killed in the brutal firefight . Commander Cable was erroneously identified as " Bone Machine . " It was revealed today that this was part of a scheme to draw the real vigilante into the open . The plan succeeded - but sadly at the cost of the Commander 's life . Security Concepts spokesperson Sara Cable had this to say . It 's a sad day for all of us here at OCP . Commander Cable was a fine officer and a living symbol of everything that law enforcement in this city has to offer . Yes , a sad day indeed . In other news , although he is reported to have sustained some minor damage , Robocop is said to be in fine shape . Good luck , Robo , and all of us here at " Media Net " wish you a speedy recovery . - I 'll kill him . - No . Murphy , take the shot . I 'll do it . What are you prepared to do ? Sorry , John . Do it ! Do it ! Did we win ? We did ... what we had to do . Don 't don 't die . It 's been a while since I 've done one of these , so bear with me . That 's all right , Doctor . I have complete faith in you . There 's no guarantee this will work . A lot of us still think the first one was a fluke . John was exceptional . Ripped by subXpacio PRIME DIRECTIVES 1x02 " MELTDOWN " Subtitles subXpacio - I 'm PJ Flinders . - And I 'm Ashley St. John Smyth . This is Media-Net . Top story , Delta City as Robocop continues to clean house . Earlier today the Delta City defender took on , or rather took out , the remaining cells of the notorious anarchist group Da Bombs . Despite his success , Robocop 's recent actions have been characterized by some as excessive . Is Robocop becoming too violent ? The suggestion that Robocop is displaying more aggressive behavior is an anthropomorphic oversimplification . Only human beings are capable of such a degree of complexity . I think we can agree from the look of him that human is something that this robotic creature is not . In more somber news , Delta City 's Security Commander John T. Cable was laid to rest this morning at Nixon Memorial Cemetery . Cable was killed earlier this week during a firefight with the terrorist Bone Machine . Commander Cable , a former Detroit police officer , and recipient of the Medal of Valor , recently returned to Delta City where he was instrumental in bringing to justice the anarchist group Da Bombs . He is survived by his ex-wife Sara Cable . Sara Cable , Security Concepts : Commander Cable gave his life so that others might go on living . He truly was the finest example of everything a good police officer and citizen of Delta City can and should be . Tonight on Justice Net , " The John Cable Story : Death Of A Hero . " What do you think of that , little buddy , hmm ? There you go . Is that good , kiddo ? You like that . I knew you would like that . I made that especially for you . You 're gonna do very well . I am proud of you . Oh , yeah , I 'm proud of you . Damian ? What the - - Check your charge . - 61 % . Annie 's damn stealth gear 's a real pig for power . - Got us in , didn 't they ? - At a 40 % drain . 39.7 . Grab whatever you can . I don 't want to stay here a second longer than we have to . What a bunch of junk . There 's money in here somewhere . - I 'm in . - How long ? - 10 minutes . - I thought you were fast , Annie . What the - ? What did you do ? - Unplug yourself , we gotta go . - Can 't . If she pulls out now , we lose everything . Hold on . I 'm gonna try something . What am I gonna do ? What am I gonna do ? Stay calm , stay calm . There are two doors over here . Central , this is Division Commander Carl S. Buck . We got a priority panic alarm at OCP . I 'm assuming command of this operation . Well , let 's get a team in there right now . Ma 'am , we don 't have any armaments for this op . - I don 't think you under - - This is OCP . We don 't think , we do . You 're the boss . All right , boys . What 's the status , team leader ? Negative contact on entry , sir . - It may just be a false - - Welcome to Omni ... Consumer Products Corporate Headquarters , located in the heart of the spectacular Delta City , the safest place on earth . - Update . What 's going on ? - Relax , it 's just the building 's automated welcome message . Unfortunately you have entered the premises illegally . Please vacate now . You have five seconds to comply . Thanks again . Four seconds , three seconds , two seconds ... Let 's go , team . Move out ! Move out ! God , Annie , what did you do ? The computer thinks the cops are the bad guys . It 's not supposed to fry them . Shut it down ! Shut it down ! I can 't . It 's locked into its security mode . You have maliciously defaced and / or damaged the property of Omni Consumer Products . Central , we 're getting creamed down here . Send immediate armed backup . Central ... disregard . No unnecessary violence , do you hear me ? You have parked in an unauthorized parking zone . Please vacate now . Annie , we got trouble . Big trouble . Cyborg trouble . I 'm nearly there . Come on . Faster , faster . Come on , let 's go . Come out now , or there will be trouble . Hey ... haven 't you heard of police brutality ? Why don 't you pick on someone your own size ? You are under arrest . You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can be used against you . You are in violation of OCP bylaw number 917 . You ... are under ... arrest . - You are ... - See you soon . under arrest . ... under arrest . - You hurt my hand . - Hey , enough . Let 's go . You okay , Officer ? Hello ? Hello ? How many fingers ? Hello , I 'm Officer Down . Do you feel safe in Delta City ? Gosh knows I sure do . That 's because Delta City 's Zero Fatality Act has helped cut crime-related casualty statistics by almost 47 % . We salute those brave officers of DC Security who laid down their lives to enforce this act , and help Delta City remain the safest place on earth . I missed the funeral . I wanted to pay my respects . Is that regret I hear ? Should you ? I 'd hate to see you fall victim to your own weaknesses . Don 't mistake my desire to honor a man 's memory for a character flaw . Will we find you standing by the next man 's grave as well ? You 're here , too . We do what we have to do . Yeah , we don 't have to like it . A widow is entitled to a period of mourning . Some of us had less than that . James , you 're a bright boy . Don 't let that get in the way . Murphy , you can 't go charging into situations like this . Are you trying to kill yourself ? Your internal cooling system 's ruptured . Half your processor is melted . Murphy , take the shot . I 'm gonna have to dig up one of the old cherbon 200 's . I 'll kill him . If it wasn 't for your insulation ... - What are you prepared to do ? - ... we might be selling you for scrap instead of putting you back together . Don 't worry , I 'll have you back fighting bad guys by this time tomorrow . - How many fingers ? - I 'm ... - sorry , John . - Hello ? Murphy , are you in there ? Murphy , are you - ? Security Concepts really dropped the ball , Sara . The Zero Fatality Policy was supposed to make us look good . Come to Delta City , the safest place on earth . Even our police don 't need guns . Instead , you crippled them , and left them at the mercy of this - oh what the hell is it called ? Bone Machine . And to make matters worse , OCP itself was breached last night . The timing of the Zero Fatality Policy is admittedly unfortunate , but no one could have predicted the appearance of this freak . I don 't know about that . That and the regrettable death of your ex-husband Commander Cable are frankly the only reasons I haven 't asked for your resignation . Yes , ma 'am . Have you assessed the break in ? We have heard rumors about well-equipped tech thieves operating . Is it possible they were looking for our SAINT prototype ? There was some minor damage to the system , ma 'am . Their profile suggests that they only steal technology people can use . Will that affect our automation schedule ? I can 't see how , although I should note that the damage wasn 't caused by the thieves . It was apparently Robocop . Another one of Security Concepts ' little toys . Robocop , Mr. Lowe , is one of the only reasons any of us still have a job . Without him , OCP and Delta City would be in complete chaos . Hobley ! How 's our schedule ? Safety protocols are offline . - It would be a while before I could - - Good , so we 're still on target . Do you ever actually listen to me when I talk ? Ed , I promised to deliver this system to the board , and by God you will deliver it on time . I don 't want to talk about delays . We need results . Hard results , Hobley . Now ! SAINT , what is your current operational status ? Systems currently at 41 % of nominal operating range . What the hell was that ? Oh , yeah , we can communicate with him directly now . Really ? Oh , yeah . Is that good ? Yeah , yeah , it 's good . Pretty good . Talk to him . - Me ? - Yeah . I need to see how he responds to other inputs besides my own . You talk about it like it 's a person . Yeah , well , in many ways , he is . Just talk . Hello . How are you ? My neural net is presently incomplete , Mr. Lowe . But thank you for asking . However , I am learning at an exponential rate . Dr. Hobley assures me that I will be fully operational within the established time parameters . Ed , you 're a genius . Yeah . Thanks for noticing . Technology , Ed , technology is our friend . No , I mean , if you want to talk - No . Now you know about - the world 's not a fair place . Good . Come on , you don 't mean that . The world will never be fair . The world only makes sense if you force it to . Murphy , you can 't go charging into situations like this . Are you trying to kill yourself ? ... kill yourself ? ... kill yourself ? I really have something to tell you . I love you . Come on , Dad . Come on , Dad . Everybody ... dies . Every attempt to recreate the original has been a disaster . I was involved with the first procedure , but I wasn 't doing everything myself like I am here . I have every confidence in your abilities , Dr. Hill . Does he remember anything ? The organic components of his brain serve primarily as reasoning and cognitive centers . The kind of thing we can 't effectively simulate with a computer . The earlier unit retains some measure of instinct , but memory , personality , no , he 's just meat . A gelatinous aggregate of neurons and synapses , nothing more . Target . Now follow . We 've taken the opportunity to upgrade some of the original systems . This unit can effectively anticipate a target 's next move , and beat it to the punch , so to speak . We 've also added an additional side-arm , and targeting system . Acquire secondary target . What the hell is this ? Shut it off , shut it off . You 're sure this is what you want ? The only regret , Dr. Hill , is that I didn 't think to do it sooner . Let 's put him to some use . - Straight home , please . - Yes , ma 'am . Officer of the peace . Step out of the vehicle immediately . - You have five seconds to comply . - It 's Robocop . Oh , what does he want ? I don 't know . - Thank you . - Security . Security This is the CEO . Thank you for your cooperation . You are illegally parked . Have a nice day . Son of a bitch ! Robocop is a menace . You can 't rely on anything or anyone anymore . Why didn 't Security Concepts anticipate this ? We 've had reports that he was displaying more aggressive tendencies , but there was nothing to indicate this level - I don 't want excuses . I want him off the streets immediately . That 's easier said than done . If he 's not agreeable to the order , let 's just say he 's the original 500-pound gorilla . What about Systems Support ? What ? That 's what they were created for , right ? What do they call them Robohunters ? Mr. Lowe , we will not discuss Systems Support in an open meeting again . Is that clear ? - Yes , but I - - Damian , shut up ! Ma 'am ... with all due respect , I must take full responsibility . Security Concepts should have anticipated something and it frankly sickens me that my oversight may have , in any way , lead to your personal harm . For that I must apologize . Come here , Sara . This is a Security Concepts blunder , and I feel I should take responsibility to clean it up . Exactly how are you gonna do that ? Robocop is , as Mr. Murphy put it , the 500-pound gorilla . There is a contingency plan , but it is somewhat radical . Ms. Cable , you have my full authority to implement any plan that will get Robocop off the street . Yes , ma 'am . James , the trust needs you to do something . Check out Commander Cable 's office , and clear his hard drive . I want nothing left of him , got it ? Bye-bye , Cable . What the - Why 's he looking up Dad 's records ? Classified ? Delta City is held in a grip of terror as Robocop goes rogue . The security cameras outside the OCP tower caught it all . Reports are flooding in . And then he totally trashed my dad 's car , and he punched me in the face . Oh , man , I 'm in so much trouble . Dad , I will never take the car without asking again . OCP has no explanation for this alarming transformation , but assures citizens that they are moving quickly to put a stop to it . Sure , he did a lot for this city , but his time was long past due . It 's not like we really need him anymore . This is the safest place on earth , right ? The OCP CEO , herself a victim of the Delta City destroyer , had this to say : The safety of the citizens of Delta City is our responsibility and we do not intend to let them down . Without risking security considerations , I can say this . Robocop has been officially recalled . Once he was Delta City 's greatest defender , now Delta City 's greatest threat . See the Delta City destroyer in action , as he unleashes his fury on an unsuspecting city . Who knows what could happen when Robocop attacks ? Own the video the critics are calling shocking , thought-provoking and highly entertaining . " When Robocop Attacks . " Order now . Many citizens are wondering just how OCP plans to deal with this Robo-rampage . The Zero Fatality Act has been suspended until further notice , but all DC Troopers have been fully equipped to deal with the crisis . How far is OCP willing to go ? Just watch us . A reminder to all citizens of Delta City , the renegade cyborg Robocop is still at large . Security Concepts head Sara Cable has - The hunt for the cyborg Robocop has been stepped up . If you spot him , contact Security Concepts at once . Do not engage . He is reported to be armed and dangerous , and is not to be approached under any circumstances . OCP has announced the release of an upgraded law enforcement droid to replace Robocop . This unit 's first assignment will be the apprehension , and , if need be , destruction of the renegade cyborg . Hold your fire , boys . Remember he 's a cop . Robocop , you are under arrest . Lay down your weapons peacefully . We do not want to harm you . Get ready to fire . We are desirous to obtain a peaceable solution . There is no need for escalation of violence . Officer , please come quietly . We don 't want to shoot . You are making a mistake . Officer , you have your orders , carry them out . Officer , come back here ! I said come back here immediately ! - You 're on your own . - Damn it . Prepare to fire ! He 's a cop , ma 'am . You have your orders . You are employees of OCP , and you will follow these orders . Any person who does not follow these orders will be dismissed immediately from service - no pension , no benefits . Do you want that ? Fire , come on , fire ! Fire ! I am composed of titanium . I don 't believe you are . Your move . Cowards , come back here ! Robocop ... you are the property of OCP , and you will have to listen to what I have to - Please , please don 't hurt me . I was just following orders . Whose orders ? I don 't know . Security Concepts , Sara Cable . - Cable ? - Yeah . Let the lawyer go . Identify yourself . I have orders to bring you in . You have five seconds to surrender . Four seconds . Who are you ? Three seconds . Two seconds . Dead or alive , you 're coming with me ! John ! You 're coming with me . So the big tin can 's finally cracked . I was so surprised , I nearly had a heart attack . Can you blame him ? Does anyone take this guy seriously ? Look , the poor bastard gets no downtime , no pension , no benefits , and no respect . Meanwhile , he 's been DC 's little ace in the hole for 10 years . Every time some loony comes crawling out of the woodwork , they drag Old Nuts and Bolts out to put a scare into them , not to mention a few thousand bullets . The rest of the time , he sits around waiting for next time . He 's frustrated and has every right to be . If I put up with the shit he does I 'd probably start blasting away , too . You are under arrest . Come quietly or there will be trouble . Pull over , I 've been ordered to bring you in . Give up now . There is no escape . Dead or alive , you are coming with me . What , are you crazy ? - Hey , hey ! - Hey ! Hey ! Give up now . It ends here . Crime prevention unit 001 , respond . Let 's see what 's so classified . Tonight on Kids Net , the cartoon sensation taking the Asian bloc by storm is now available for your home directly . He 's the ultimate criminal - Maniac Cyborg Police Officer . Witness his path of destruction as he eliminates the problems of homelessness in our cities . Homeless Ninja are everywhere but Cyborg Police Officer cleans the plate with his phantom tiger punch and neutron tension gun . Join him or die ! Vaughn Krass here . We 're deep - deep in the bowels of Precinct One looking for OCP 's masked metal menace Robocop . And we 've found the room where he lives - right here , the Robo Chamber . We 're about to go in . We don 't know what we 'll find . We don 't even know if we 're gonna come back , but for truth we go forward . I 'm going to check the door . The door is open , we 're going in . There seems to be a lot of complicated equipment . This seems to be a computer database of some kind , presumably where Robocop would store his data . What kind of data , we can 't say . How much , we don 't know . But if Robocop has data , that 's - that 's where it would be . It 's quiet here right now , like the eye of a hurricane . It 's hard to believe that from this very room acts of mayhem , destruction , and property damage the likes of which I 've waited years to cover , were all plotted , and planned by the man , or thing , or , if you will , man-thing , we call Robocop . And he did it all from this chair . This chair on which he sat ... on his ass - his big metal ... ass . Oh , look over here . Seems to be some kind of media center . Which begs the question , did the irresponsible media twist Robocop into a rampaging juggernaut ? I don 't know . But more importantly can the media make a normal person commit senseless , brutal , yet highly newsworthy acts of violence ? I don 't know . But what we do know is that - Hey , who are you ? Hi , yeah , no , we 're with the washroom - looking for the washroom . - Run ! - Tonight on X-ploitation Net , " Escape from Robocop 's Lair . " You still have such a handsome face . But I think I like you better this way , John . I should have had Dr. Hill use more than your brainstem when he put you back together . You 're such a surprise , Sara . I never figured you for a romantic . Just your type too . Tall , dark , battery operated . You aren 't authorized to be here . For all the pooh-poohing you 've done on my SAINT project , you never did take the time to actually look at it . Even at 70 % capacity it 's really started to dovetail with the building . It 's assumed provisional control over environmental systems , aspects of building maintenance , security , surveillance . Now I 'm not here to bust you . I 'm as sick about Iron Maiden and the rest of them as you are . Now , you can keep playing your little games , but how long is all of that going to take ? Emotional manipulations aside , the old bag 's a lot tougher than she looks . And a few political embarrassments won 't get rid of her . Besides , once SAINT 's fully online , she will have push-button control over the entire city , and all your brilliant schemes will have amounted to squat . What do you want , Damian ? I 've been running the numbers on my SAINT budget . You 've used my resources to fund your pet project here . Nice touch . A bit of a burn . But the way I see things , it also makes us partners . Oh , God . We can stick to your plan for the time being , but in case you failed to notice , your over-amped ex-husband here failed to return a body . Robocop 's still out there , and knows we 're gunning for him , and I don 't imagine he 's very happy about that . Assuming he 's still alive . Robocop 's been burned , blasted and blown to bits more times than I can count . He just keeps going , and going , and going . So , unless we see some spare parts with his name on them , you shouldn 't assume anything . That 's why I 'm bringing in Systems Support . Oh great . Why don 't you just nuke the city ? They were created for a very specific contingency and that contingency has reared its ugly metal head . You could have done this in the first place , but no , you had to show off your new toy . And I 'm not done showing off , Damian . If you want to use dead Dick Jones ' last line of defense , that 's fine . He goes with them or there 's no deal . I need a cherbon multiprocessor in the 200 megahertz range . I might have something like that . It 's kind of old , though . You sure you don 't want something in the 600s - No , 200 will be fine . Stop , thief . Give it back , it 's mine . Get out of the way . Give it back , it 's mine . - Give it back . - Get out of the way . Go ! Go ! Get out of my way ! Come on ! Cop ! Cop ! Play nice . - You 're it . - You cheated , cheater . - What 's your name ? - I 'm Jordan . Where do you live , Jordan ? With my mom . Where 's your mommy now ? She 'll find me , she always does . It 's not safe here . You should go home . Go home . - What 's your name ? - I don 't have one . That 's silly , everyone has a name . His name 's Otomo . Come with me . We 'll go find your mother . Stand by to deploy . We are entering Old Detroit . Use extreme , I repeat , extreme caution . Do not touch anything . Do not drink anything . Do not eat anything . This town is a disease and we are the cure . - What are you doing ? - Fixing myself . Are you broken ? I 'm repairing my communications system ... - so I can find someone . - Who ? Someone like me . Stay here . Told you I 'd see you again . Un-uh . You are under arrest . You might be the man in Delta City , but this is Detroit . This is a whole other world . - Mom . - Hi honey , honey . Hi , hi , hi . Come on . Over here . - Forward . - Right here . Rock solid . We have a renegade crime - Carver . Carver , what 's your status ? We 're about to deploy . Sounds great . Keep me posted . We have a renegade crime prevention unit on our hands . We will track it , corner it and bring it down . Its GPS tracking system is offline . So we will do this the hard way . We have the assistance of the rogue 's replacement model . He is at our disposal , and not vice versa . I want to make that perfectly clear . We have the latest in anti-cyborg hardware . You have the Guzi 9000 post rifle - 60 kilowatts of raw robo-stopping power . It is non-lethal to humans - we think , so don 't screw around . Carver . Carver , what 's your status ? - We 're moving into the city . - Sounds great . Keep me posted . Tear this city apart piece by piece . If you 're looking for a place to hide out , this is it . The only people here are lost of don 't want to be found . I 'm not staying . - Where are you gonna go ? - Someone wants me dead . You want to march right back in there , help them out with that ? I want to return the favor . You can 't go there . I serve Delta City . - Delta City wants to kill you . - I protect its citizens . Protect them from what ? I uphold the law . You carried out policy . You were a tool . It 's gone . The past doesn 't matter . The past is all I have . - I got a place . - Then go . - You could - - I have work to do . Mommy ? Yeah , honey . We 're leaving . I don 't know your name . Anne . What 's yours ? Good luck . Bye . Otomo ! Otomo is cool . I love Otomo . Otomo is cool . Otomo is my friend . Otomo is my best friend . I love Otomo . Otomo is my god . Otomo , Otomo , Otomo ... Otomo , Otomo , Otomo , Otomo ... Give me Otomo or I 'll hold my breath and die . You 're a bad mommy if you don 't buy me Otomo . You don 't love me . I want Otomo . I need Otomo . I am Otomo . I 'm a patient man , However , I 'm running out of ways to reason with you people . Have you seen the renegade bad boy , Robocop ? I 'm looking for answers . Cable ... you don 't remember , but I know who you are . I know what they have done to you . If you want to find me , follow this trace . Let 's finish this . Here goes nothing . Sorry , Sara . Crime prevention unit 001 . You have been recalled . Remember . I remember nothing . - Why can 't we bring him with us ? - Because he doesn 't want to . I liked him . He was my friend . Kind of like a big - Otomo , I forgot him . Jordan . You are a man . Not a machine . You 're a cop . I 'm a cop . My name is Alex Murphy . I need you to remember , John . What have they given us ? Our years of service . We were the best there was . Now what are we ... dinosaurs ... an embarrassment ... a joke ? Remember . I don 't want to die at the hands of a machine . You 're destroying yourself . The only way out is for you to shoot . So you make sure it 's the man that does the killing . Remember , John . You 're boned , baby ! I 'll kill him ! No , Murphy . Murphy ... take the shot . I 'll do it . What are you prepared to do ? I 'm sorry , John . Do it ! I 'll kill him . No . Murphy . Sorry , John . Do it ! Hey , mister . Hey ... - I forgot Otomo . - You can 't stay here . It 's not safe . There he is ! Let 's go , double-time ! Go hide . Crime prevention unit 001 , lay down your weapon , and come with us . We have been authorized to use lethal force . Did we win ? We did what we had to do . Don 't die . Everybody ... dies . Advance now ! You are making a mistake . We don 't have to do this . Put down your weapons or there will be trouble . Move in ! Why are you standing there ? Do something . Ass-head . Take him down ! - Carver . - What 's your status ? It 's kind of a bad time . Whatever you do , do not damage the new unit . It has not been paid for yet . What ? You got a virus ? Countermeasures , now ! Take him down ! Oh , man . Leave , I can 't protect you . Leave him alone ! Let 's finish this up . Take him down . No ! Son of a bitch ! Make her pay for this ! Are you really gonna kill me ? Alex , it is you under there , isn 't it ? Help her , please . Move in . Hang on , Jordan . Hang on , baby . Mom ! Mom ! Why won 't you help us ? Somebody 's playing with both of us . I came here to get answers , Alex . Noooo ! You took an oath to uphold the law . You 're a man . You 're not a machine . You 're a cop . No ! Why don 't you help us ? John , please . White knight takes black bishop . This is what you get for messing in other people 's business . Bye , bye , baby . Mom ! I 'm sorry . Think it over , creeps ! Crime prevention unit 02 , stand down . Mom ! Go to your mother , I 've got work to do . Come on , baby . Come on , come on . You okay ? 02 , stand down . The name is Cable . Crime prevention unit , who 's side are you on ? How are you feeling , partner ? Better . Oh , shit ! Son of a bitch . Enough of this high-tech crap . Give me Mr. Smith and Mr. Wesson . Retreat , retreat . OCP sources claim that Robocop , and his replacement model were both destroyed . Although this is yet to be confirmed , we went to the streets to find out your reaction to this news . He was a bad role model for the kids - all that shooting and killing . He was dangerous and he had to be put down . Sara Cable , OCP Security Concepts : The Robocop program is a thing of the past . We at OCP mourn his loss , but are more concerned with looking to the future . OCP likes to think of itself as a family business . We each have a job to do , and that work is rewarded with more privileges , and greater responsibilities . When one member of the family takes it upon himself to abuse his authority , the company suffers - the family suffers . Your deployment of the Systems Support Division was unauthorized , unjustified , illegal ... and a direct violation of my orders . Your petty personal corruption , lack of judgment cost this company greatly and you have left us with only one option - disavowal . OCP absolves itself of all responsibility in the events of the last few days . Any legal or civil ramifications from these events will be directed at you ... personally . Effective immediately you are hereby dismissed as an executive of Omni Consumer Products . Your shares have been revoked , all pensions and benefits suspended . Please have your office cleared out immediately and leave your identification , and OCP credit card with security on your way out . What about SAINT , hmm ? I created it . SAINT ... is the property of OCP , Mr. Lowe . It will continue to serve our needs . You , on the other hand , have outlived your usefulness . Don 't let the door hit you in the ass on your way out , sonny . How 's the building integration going ? It 's fantastic . One more day , and we will be there . It worked . Damian , SAINT is alive . Go home , get some sleep . No , I can 't , I got two more tests . Home now . Sleep . Be back bright and early . Okay , just a nap . We did it ... big . Yes , we did . Technology is our friend . You be careful . It 's delicate . Will do . - Good evening , Mr. Lowe . - Hello , SAINT . Can I help you ? Access environmental controls for the executive level . Certainly . Boardroom , please . Lovely , lucky me , a full house . Ladies and gentleman , I would like to table nominations for a replacement for Mr. Lowe . I suggest we choose the next most obnoxious person we got . Seriously now , let 's get down to business . Increase barometric pressure . Barometric pressure rising . Increase temperature , please . Temperature rising . Is it hot in here ? SAINT , lock the doors . Access video . Pressure rising . Two atmospheres . Seven atmospheres . Eight atmospheres . Shall I continue ? - 10 atmospheres . - Continue . - 12 atmospheres . - Continue . 14 atmospheres . - Continue . - 16 atmospheres . - Continue . - 18 atmospheres . - Continue . - 20 atmospheres . - 30 atmospheres . - Thank you , SAINT . Delete records and shut down . Goodnight , Mr. Lowe . OCP likes to think of itself as a family business . We each have a job to do and that work is rewarded with more privileges and greater responsibilities . When one family member takes it upon himself to abuse his authority , the company suffers . The family suffers . Dad ? They 'll be coming for us . I know . Ripped by subXpacio PRIME DIRECTIVES 1x03 " RESURRECTION " Subtitles subXpacio Gentlemen ! We now have two renegade crime-prevention units . We 're going to take them down my way ! Where 's my gun ? All right ! Move out , you apes ! I don 't know how long I can keep going . You can do it . Murphy ! We have to keep moving . Alex ! You rest here . I 'll take care of them . What can you do ? You 're only one man . They won 't see me coming . I 'll be back . No sign of them yet , sir . Keep looking ! They 're out there somewhere ! This way ! This way ! Come on ! Come on , come on , come on ! Over there ! Come on ! There ! Move it ! Yee-ha ! Download this ! Fall back ! Look like they really did a number on you , huh ? Where the hell are they ? ! They 're close . - Okay , let 's help him . What for ? I think we 're going to need him . Murphy , we have to go . Murphy ? I got your shiny black ass now . How dare you enter Old Detroit without my permission ? ! There are rules to be obeyed ! And they must be obeyed ! There 's only one law - my law ! Justice is swift ! Let 's get out of here ! Retreat ! Old Detroit belongs to me ! You have outstayed your welcome . Don 't come back unless you 're invited ! Lie still ... I 'm a friend . - Why do it ? - I don 't do it . - Why should you do it ? - Why do it , when SAINT can do it for you ? This is MediaNet . - Brighter ... - Faster ... Better . Good morning . I 'm Bunny Bustamente with Rikki Oh . Delta City is in mourning today after it was revealed that the entire OCP Board of Executives died of simultaneous heart attacks late last night . Just a reminder , OCP is now accepting applications for junior executive positions . Applicants must possess a strong work ethic , an MBA or higher , and sound physical health . In the corporate world , tragedies such as these are common . But it 's still business as usual , according to new OCP President , Damian Lowe . It is my sincerest belief that the previous board would have liked us to continue onward . The new board 's first action was the permanent repeal of the so-called Zero Fatality Act . In light of recent departmental losses brought on by the mismanagement of OCP by the previous regime , it is clear that the most effective form of crime management in Delta City is bigger guns , better guns , more guns - on the street , where they belong . You asked for it , so don 't despair . OCP 's got a new idea and everybody 's talking about it . It 's very simple . We 've changed the rules - " Plowshares into Swords . " It 's good for Delta City and it 's good for you . Oh good , you 're back . Can you understand me ? Yes ... I understand . Good . Fortunate for you I arrived when I did . Where - You have sustained heavy damage . But you needn 't worry . I 'll repair it . First your body ... then your mind . - Got some scarring here . - You have to replace that network . - Run me a bypass , will you ? - Hey , Annie ? - What ? - Rocketboy 's up . Just relax . You 've sustained a lot of damage . We 're going to fix you right up , okay ? - What ... are you ... doing ? - Shh , go back to sleep . Oh ... still warm . Quickly , quickly , to this table . Have a seat . Have a seat . Not the little table , the big table . You , we , us ... are the new executive board members of this great corporation . It was a very eventful night last night , but we can 't let this tragic loss sway us from our course . OCP must keep moving forward ... and we all have to learn to trust one another . Excuse me . This is Damian . Have that damn kids ' table taken out of the boardroom . And authorize a 27 % increase in all new executive board member salaries . And where is this money going to come from ? I 've already initiated the integration of SAINT with the building systems . Once he 's running things , we can begin trimming overhead . Ladies and gentlemen ... OCP is entering a bold new era ... and I 'm going to need bold new people to enter that era with me . Sara , we 're going to need a new exec VP . Do you know anyone who might qualify ? I 'm just having one on you , Sara . The job 's yours ... unless , of course , you don 't want it . Sometimes , you have to dance with the devil . Yeah . I meant to ask , how 's your Robocop search going ? Uh ... If you really want to play in this game , James , you 'll need to cover yourself better than that . I received some covert messages - So you decided to do a little private homework . And I thought it was in our best interest to follow them up . Who do you think sent you those messages ? I don 't know . You ? I 've been doing it for years . I don 't - Come on , James , who do you think made sure you were placed in the best foster care facilities ? Who got you your first job here , fast-tracked you into the executive training program ? Who made you what you are today ? Why me ? Business is war . War involves the allocation of resources and the cultivation of loyalties . I needed to know whose side you were on . You - you - you were resourceful and you didn 't draw attention to yourself . I like that . I don 't think you or I harbor any illusions as to what really happened to the board . In times like this , you need to know who you can trust . What do you want from me ? What are you prepared to do ? Whatever 's necessary . Tell me honestly then ... how do you feel about your father ? - My father is dead . - And Robocop ? I don 't know what that thing is , but it is not my father . As of this moment , the Robocop program is history . I want you to take care of it . Tidy up any loose ends . You have my full authority . How far does that extend ? As far as you 're willing to go . I 've been watching you for a long time . She loves her little games ... loves plotting against me . Ungrateful cow ! Why don 't you just get rid of her ? Video off . I just made her vice president . " Keep your friends close and your enemies closer , " hmm ? Exactly . " Keep your friends close and your enemies closer . " This is Damian . " Keep you friends close and your enemies closer . " That 's good , Ed . It 's very good . Damian , about the board ... - I saw MediaNet . - Like the new look ? I think it 's great . More hard hitting . New news for a new era . Is there anything you want to tell me ? Ed , in this business ... never ask a question you don 't want answered . And never discount the possibility of divine intervention . Speaking of which ... is it 100 % yet ? Don 't do that . Fine . The environmental controls needs a little tweaking , but otherwise , yes , he 's fully operational . Excellent . Then we 'll start moving everything upstairs . What ? We 've got investors , foreign buyers , coming through to look at the system . We can 't do it down here . It smells like ... you . Appearances , Ed . Very important . I 've rerouted your power supply . I 've also taken the liberty of incorporating some additional features into your defense capabilities . How did you know how to do that ? I was privy to early prototypes of your system . Oh , I 'm sorry . We haven 't been properly introduced . Mr. Cable ... - I 'm - Dr. David Kaydick , neurocybernetics specialist , wanted by OCP for unauthorized research practices ; Missing , presumed dead . Presumed ... incorrectly . What are you doing to me ? They used you ... just like they used me . They killed you and resurrected you as a tool , as an enforcer of their tyranny . Now don 't you want to make them regret that ? Don 't you ? Meet your new master . The Svengali chip . You will do what I say or I 'll fry every circuit in your head . Yes . I can show you how . There 's a reason why we were brought together . We have a common enemy , you and I. And a common friend . Hey , welcome back . You were pretty messed up . We patched what we could . I 'll live . I sent Lexx and Abby shopping . It 's a miracle you 've lasted as long as you have . More of your parts are outdated way past their operational lifetime . I 'm off warranty . We 're not exactly factory spec here either . But we 'll have you up to speed in no time . Why ... are you ... helping me ? I 'm returning the favor . My daughter owed you . I owed you . Who did this to you ? Do you know what it 's like to live as a slave ? To have no will of your own ? Yes . Well , I used to . We all used to , but not anymore . Mommy ? I 'll be right there . Let 's talk about this later . - Where are we ? - Don 't worry , it 's secure . Doesn 't look like much , but it 's home . - I have to go . - Huh-uh-uh . You 're not going anywhere . Cable . You can 't help him . If he 's still out there , he 's on his own . The future of Delta City is here at last , thanks to OCP . Ladies and gentlemen , I 'd like to thank you for joining me here today . Technology is our friend . Technology is our future . The future of Delta City is now . The SAINT system has saved millions by fully automating the OCP tower . Now we expect a similar result when we commence full automation of Delta City . But don 't take my word for it . What do you say , SAINT ? I look forward to making your life easier . - Hi , I 'm Mandy . - No ... I 'm Mandy . I thought I was ! Which Mandy is for you ? At OCP Biotech , state-of-the-art cloning can be at your disposal . Why not visit one of our many outlets located in the greater Delta City area ? At OCP Biotech , your fantasies can be yours . We 're waiting for you . Now available in ethnic . So the brainless braintrust of our corporate cream of the crap wants you to swallow a self-sufficient system structure , settling all those demanding decisions for you . Well , next they 'll tell you how to greet , where to meet and what to eat . And if you 're so senseless you 'll swallow this sewage and ask for seconds , then you deserve to choke on it . I hate that guy . Stats show a lone dissenting voice actually increases our credibility with the general public by more than six points . This is Damian . Have Archie Nemesis do a feel-good piece on SAINT . Now those Mandys - now they 've really got something . Damian again . Have MediaNet post the Mandy quotient . New business . We 've commenced layoffs in building maintenance . Since SAINT has assumed control of those duties , they 've become redundant . - I have a study if you 'd - - No , no , just make it happen . SAINT is the best thing that happened to this company since ... me . I want everyone to know that this is a team effort . Where is James ? On assignment . Right . Robocop . Fill the rest of the board in on your little operation ... will you ? Of course , Damian . The Robocop program has now officially been terminated . Mr. Murphy is seeing to it personally . Good , good . Damian here . We 're never doing cyborgs again . You 're writing him off , just like that ? - Just like that . - What 's supposed to happen to me ? You 'll need these to collect your benefits . I may be replaceable , but so are you , Mister ... Murphy . James Murphy ? Mm-hmm . Oh God . You don 't know what you 're doing . He 's your father . They didn 't tell you , did they ? Bastards . I know exactly what I 'm doing . Spoken like a true " OCP eon . " Well , your father would be very proud of you . Stuff 's archaic . Get it out of here . You are watching MediaNet . I 'm Mandy with the weather . I 'm Mandy with sports . I 'm Mandy on the streets . Join us on MediaNet . Mandy mania hits MediaNet . They 're waiting for you . Over there ! Away ! Hey , you , evil robot ! - There 's a leak in his - - I got it . Can you feel this ? No . I don 't feel anything . Huh . Your cortex interface ... Yes ? One of the interface points is completely inert . It 's like it 's never even been activated . Do you know anything about this ? No . Well , it 's deep . Hooked into your frontal lobe - what 's left of it anyway . What is it ? Probably has something to do with higher brain functions . Some reasoning centers , personality , maybe some long-term memory . Memory ? I can activate it . Uh , no . I don 't think that 's a good idea . - It might help . - It might not . Do it . There 's probably a reason someone hasn 't switched this on . It 's my decision . Okay ... this is your brain . This is your brain on whatever . - What the hell happened ? - Head trip . - Information overload . - Is he gonna come out of it ? He better . Forget about you . You 're fucking dead . We are representatives of OCP System Support Division . We are here to assist you . Do not move . Any sudden action will be met with swift retribution . OCP thanks you for your cooperation . Okay , this way please . Straight through here . This way . Lovely . Come on . The SAINT technology is state of the art and available at a reasonable cost . Oh . This is Dr. Edwin Hobley , who assisted me in the development of SAINT . Just one second . I 'm running a demo for some of the foreign buyers . I 'm still working out some of the bugs - hey , hey , hey ! Don 't , please . Thank you . It 's okay . You 're making me look like an ass up here . Just shut the damn window shutters or something , I don 't care . Ahem . SAINT - SAINT , activate the ... External defense shields . ... external defense shields . External defense shields activated . These security shields drop into place in the event of any unlikely security breach ... as you can see up on the monitor . Now the building is completely ... - sealed up . - Ah . If you 'll just follow me , we 'll - This way please . continue the third phase of our tour . Damian ! Good stuff . Knock ' em dead . Good ! This way , please . Keep up the good work . This way , please . Everyone . Oh God . I live . We are the bastard children of OCP . We are the terrible secrets that they would destroy , cast away , hide from the light of the world . But we will return ... to wreak our revenge upon them . Yes . First , we must reclaim that which was stolen from me . The instrument of our revenge . Yes . Legion . Legion . Legion , yes . We have made God in the image of the machine ... and lost ourselves . What is humanity but raw material ? Hmm ? Raw material for the machine . Without the machine , we can no longer survive . And the machine is the conduit for the destruction of everything . Legion is a virus like no other , one that can destroy both flesh and data equally , infecting , infesting ... extinguishing . Legion will wipe clean this world . Legion 's base programming has been stolen from me . Together we will recover it , yes ? Together ... we will recover it , yes ? Yes . Good . Good . Jordan , let 's play a new game . - What ? - Let 's play hide and seek . How ? You tell me where you are , and I 'll try and find you . But you 're in there . I can be anywhere , Jordan . - What do you want to do ? - We stick to the plan . You gonna tell that to Rocketboy down there ? - He 's still technically OCP . - Ex-OCP . There 's no telling what he might do . What if he turns us in , did you ever think of that ? We tell him what we have to . We need him , Abby . Hey , Murphy . How does it feel ? Damn good . What 's under there ? Been putting her back together for about a year and a half . Figured we couldn 't be real outlaws ... without a decent getaway car . They don 't make them like this anymore . No ... they certainly don 't . This is a piece of genuine Motor City steel . When this monster starts up , sounds like the world 's coming to an end . You 'll have to excuse Lexx . She gets overexcited when she starts talking about her toy . It 's not a toy . We 've got bigger things to deal with . Do you know what the Legion virus is ? We are the terrible secrets that they would destroy , cast away ... hide from the light of the world . - Slow down ! - Out of the way ! Out of the way ! You 're obstructing justice ! How are you feeling ? I 'm not sure . How did you feel with Jimmy ? Nervous , excited , scared , happy ... all at the same time . Jesus , that 's a relief . I thought it was something I ate . I still don 't know about this . Come on , relax . You 'll make a great father . Yeah ? What makes you say that ? It takes one to know one . And you are soon going to find out for yourself . - John Cable ? - Yeah . May I speak to you ? In private . But we will return to wreak our revenge upon them . How 's Sara ? We 're not speaking much . - You know , John - - Skip it . - If you need someone to talk to ... - No . The world 's not a fair place , John . Good . Come on , you don 't mean that . The world will never be fair . The world only makes sense if you force it to . There 's no going back . No one waits for you . No one remembers who you were or what you 've accomplished . You are no one . You have no one . No one but me . John Cable is dead . You are all that remains of him . You are a ghost . But you can avenge him . Yes . Kaydick was a genius child prodigy . He was head of OCP 's research and development for years , developing new weapons and biotechnology . His research probably led to the tech that created you . OCP turfed him when they found out he was doing unauthorized research . He was using human beings as test subjects in his experiments . He escaped before they could arrest him . He hid out here , found us - people like Abby and Lexx and me . Kaydick 's a master of a dozen different scientific fields . He 's completely insane . He wants to destroy everything and everyone . Why ? He wants to wipe the slate clean for humanity - " evolution by apocalypse , " he calls it . You know what will happen if he succeeds ? Legion will go global in a matter of minutes . He 'll introduce it to Delta City , where everyone will become a carrier infecting everything they touch - humans , computers ... How do you know so much about this ? 'Cause I used to be one of his people . There was a time when I would have died for Kaydick . What happened ? I came to my senses . I was looking for a meaning in my life , and he gave me that . We worked for him , he enhanced our abilities - all the while , he was working on Legion . When we found out what he was planning , we escaped . He used us all . Since then , we 've ... been on the move , doing good where we can , doing what we have to do to survive . Like stealing tech from OCP ? I 'm so tired of running , Murphy . In order to stop him completely , we have to hit him where it counts , put him out of business forever . We 're no match for him on his ground , but with you helping us ... we might have a fighting chance . You got to help us , Murphy . You 're the only one who can . I 'll help you . Thank you . - Yeah ? - What 's your status ? I raided Security Concepts ' armory of enough firepower to level three city blocks . And if that 's not enough ... along with the special support task force ... I brought along a little something extra . I 'm impressed , James . Yeah , well , just remember that when you 're calling the shots . James out . They should have buried this dump a long time ago . Yeah , the UV radiation 's playing havoc with the signals . All right , we 'll do a full sweep sector by sector till we find him . - Let 's roll . - You may be some kind of big shot , but out here in the field , that don 't mean squat . I got more years experience than you got birthdays . So when the cards fall , don 't panic . - Like you did the other night ? - That guy was some kind of ghost . Well , then you stay here and hunt boogeymen . I 'm taking the vans . The alignment of the dish must be precise . We will upload into Delta City 's mainframe . And when it goes online , Legion will spread throughout every system in the city , and from there to every citizen . There is just one last ... final piece of the puzzle that we must contend with . Hello , Jordan , would you like to play a game ? Not right now . I 'm sleepy . But it 's a very special game . What kind of game ? It 's like hide and seek , but you have to come and find me . All right , where are you ? I 'm outside . Come and get me . I 'll have to ask Mom . No , don 't do that . Mom will spoil all the fun . You don 't want that , do you ? No . Then come on outside . No one will have to know . It 'll be our little secret . - Hello , Jordan . - Hi , Daddy ! Here we go . Come on , move away . You getting that ? - What are we stopping for ? - We 've got something , but faint . Status ? There 's still a lot of interference . Don 't let your guard down for one instant . I want you to remember where you are . Yeah , that 's clear . - They are here . I can feel it . - Let 's go ! Think we got a chance at this ? On any other day , I 'd say no way in hell . Today ... I think Rocketboy 's in love . I 'll ... be outside . John . You 're alive . What 's your situation ? Operational . Where are you ? I 'm turning my beacon back on , so you 'll be able to find me . I 'm not far . I 'll see you soon . You were right . How did you know ? I know everything . I 've just contacted Cable . He should be here soon . - Where has he been ? - Didn 't say . Can we trust him ? He 's my friend . - Got him ! - Where ? He 's bearing down on us 12 : 00 , half a click down . Fall in ! We 've got a hostile bogie on intercept . Assume defensive position ! 800 feet . Lock and load ! 750 . 500 feet ! 400 feet . 300 ! We should almost be able to see him . Are you sure ? That 's impossible . Ghosts . Go to infrared scanning . Now ! What ? It 's got to be some kind of stealth system . Yes ! Ghost my ass ! All right , good eye . Let 's move . Go , go , go ! We 're hit . We 'll keep moving . It 'll get us where we have to go . - I want you to stay with Jordan . - What ? The chances of this mission succeeding are not great . But our backs are up against the wall and we 've got no choice . If I don 't make it back , I don 't want to leave her alone . - Somebody 's got to look after her . - Then you should stay . You 're her mom . I know . I want to stay . But nobody else knows that building the way I do , and nobody else can interface with Kaydick 's machinery . You can 't go back to him , Ann . I 'll be fine . He 's got a hold on you . The only hold he had on me died when you burned those chips out of our skulls . I can handle this . But Abby , you got to do this for me . Please . Okay . But you just don 't forget who you are . I 'm gonna go check on Jordan . Look , if we 're going to do this , let 's do it now . Hey , how are we doing ? We 're as ready as we 're ever going to be . Let 's try and not get it shot full of holes this time . - Ann ! - What ? Jordan 's gone . - Goddamn it . - She must have slipped out . - I 'll go . - No , I 'll go . You two finish what you have to . Kids . Jordan ! Jordan ! Jordan , it 's time for lunch . Where do you want to go ? I want to go somewhere special . I told you , you cannot go off by yourself like this . I 'm not alone . Daddy , why 'd you do that ? Sometimes mommies need to be taught a lesson . She 'll feel better when she wakes up . Lexx ! Can it ! - We 'll roll when Ann gets back . - Who made you boss ? Speak of the devil ... John . Step out of the building with your hands up . I thought you said this guy was friendly . You have five seconds to comply . John , what 's going on ? Four seconds . You are making a mistake . Three seconds . I won 't let you hurt these people . - Two seconds . - Stand down . - One . - Or ... there will be trouble . Nice shooting . Thank you . Fire away ! Damn , boy ! - It never rains ... - This isn 't your fight . We stick together . Shit . Get away ! Where 's my baby ? Mr. Cable ? Time to leave . Yeah man ! Abby , get away ! I 've almost got it . This guy 's hard to kill . Let 's see if your ass is hard to kill . What the hell ? Son of a bitch . Damn ! Damn ! We got a positive lock . Into the vans . All right , take half your team , use the van . The other half go on foot . - Everybody saddle up ! - Let 's go ! Get me a comlink . Wait for a sec . All right ... we got him . I want you to keep this feed open . Don 't break communication for one instant . Okay , no prob . Damian - Sara . Assemble the board . Yes , Damian , it 's important . Excellent . Excellent . Legion has incubated , just as planned . It has learned all about human neurology thanks to Jordan . It is ready to upload . You son of a bitch ! What did you do to her ? ! You never knew , did you ? You never knew . Legion is a very complex creation . It needed time to learn ... to grow ... to become . I hid it within Jordan 's bio-circuits , and you have protected her all these years . She 's my avatar . And you have brought her back to me . I was able to monitor it ... with this . How could you ? There is a new Dark Age coming upon Delta City . And she will usher it in ! Nobody can stop it . Nobody ! Thank you , Jordan . Thank you . Thank you . You 're everything I ever wanted in a child . Come with Daddy . Come on . I wish you were more like your daughter . Initiate ! Go ! Go ! Guys , shortcut - take the next left ! Next left ! Better be good , Cable . Everybody take their seats . Quickly , please . What is it ? The end of Robocop . Upload ! Warning . Unauthorized access . Security protocols overridden . Download in progress . Malicious code detected . Anti-virus software disabled . Download in progress . Forgive me . No ! Signal lost . Download interrupted . Transfer incomplete . Dead or alive , you 're coming with me . Mr. Cable ... you might want to clean this up ! - Give her back . - She 's my daughter too . It 's over , Kaydick . It 's never over . You still taste so good . Not my son . Come on ! - How much time left ? - About five minutes . - Better get some pictures . - What ? ! Now ! Right now ! Come on ! What the hell 's going on ? Where the hell are they ? Is anybody taping this ? Please . We 'll finish this later . Oh God ! Stop fighting ! Mommy ! Now I 've got your fat black ass . - Come with Daddy . - Mom ! Mr. Cable ! Mommy ! Go ! Out ! Robocop , give yourself up . You 're OCP property - ah ! Robocop , give yourself up ! This is your last chance or we 're coming inside . Your move , gentlemen . Oh , no , EMP ! Get out ! - Good choice . Battery alert ! Battery alert . Battery ... Come on . Ohh ! Are you injured ? I 've been better . Kaydick 's got Jordan . Don 't worry , we 'll find her . Nobody 's going anywhere . Jimmy . Dad . Dad ? Battery alert . Battery alert . I 'm sorry it had to come to this . What do you mean ? Jimmy , what are you doing ? The disruptor will fry your processor in an instant . - You won 't feel any pain . - No . Don 't . Goodbye . Battery alert . Battery alert . What happened ? James fired the EMP . The camera 's dead , and so is Robocop . It 's over , Damian . No ... don 't . Let 's - let 's talk . You had 10 years to talk . What 's a couple more seconds ? Jimmy , you don 't understand , I 'm - Ann ... drop it . We don 't have time for this . Not this way . Stand down . Stand down . Please . It 's your funeral . All this time , you never said anything . I wanted to . I couldn 't . Why not ? You came all this way just to kill me ? I came all this way because I needed to . Jimmy , after your mother ... Look at me . ... I thought it was better . You were wrong . Tell me , what kind of a father do you think I could have been for you ? Any kind of father would have been better than none at all . Any kind ? Any kind . - Jimmy - - Stop ! Stop calling me Jimmy ! If this is what you want ... Stop it . James , I want you to look into your father 's eyes ... before you do it . Haven 't enough people ... died today ? I 'm sorry , Dad . Boys , I hate to break up the family reunion , - ... but we 've got to get outta here . - We 'll need transportation . The world only makes sense if you force it to . Ripped by subXpacio PRIME DIRECTIVES 1x04 " CRASH BURN " Subtitles subXpacio Good evening . Before we begin our feature presentation tonight , I wonder if I might take a moment of your time . For over 10 years , OCP has brought peace and prosperity to all of Delta City . Now , won 't you join us in our newest endeavor , SAINT ? Technology is your friend . SAINT is your friend . I am your friend . The future ... is today . This is Media Net . - Brighter . - Faster . Better . This morning OCP announced the full automation of Delta City to commence at midnight tonight . Here 's what you have to say . Automation will make life easier . Automation will make life safer . Automation will make life better . A street party will show the world that the future of Delta City is the future for everyone everywhere . Delta City is the safest place on earth thanks to OCP . Fully-integrated automation can only improve our way of life and preserve the ideals of our city . That 's why we here at Media Net feel that we 're all in good hands and the future can only get better . OCP has declared the Robocop menace officially at an end . Robocop was taken offline by Delta City security this evening . OCP has assured us that there will be no further incidents of violence courtesy of the former Delta City defender . Daddy ? I don 't feel so good . You 'll be fine . Daddy will give you something for the pain . Here you go . In the Dark Ages , it was common practice for attacking armies to catapult plague victims over the castle walls they were trying to tear down . All they had to do was sit back and wait for the plague to kill off the castle 's inhabitants . Did you hear what I said ? Yes . Yes . Our job is not finished . The Legion virus was only partially uploaded into OCP 's mainframe . We 'll have to finish the job directly . It is fitting that OCP was gracious enough to supply us with our very own Trojan horse ... with you . We just have to deliver our plague into their castle . By the time they realize what happened , it will be too late . Everything 's trashed , Murphy . We 'll have to do this the hard way . Then we 'll do it the hard way . Nothing like the direct approach . I 've got to find Cable . You can 't help him . He 's Kaydick 's dog now . Like you were . They deserve more than this . Yeah ? Take a good , long look , company man , because this is your corporation 's legacy . Sometimes I think Kaydick 's got - the right idea . - What 's that ? Legion - biotech virus . He 's made my daughter a carrier . When I find him I 'll force feed it to him . Anything ? - Negative . - Hang on . This Kaydick ... he 's carrying around the plague and we 're standing around . I don 't care about Delta City . I want to get my daughter back . Once I do that , I 'm history . Legion is no good to him without his transmitter . Why can 't he just plug in anywhere ? If he could he would . What he really needs is central access - Found them . They 're moving fast ... toward Delta City . Oh no . - What ? - SAINT . The whole city 's going full auto . When ? Tonight . I 'm making SAINT technology available to you at a very reasonable price . Once we automate tonight , the price will double - supply and demand . Great . I 'll transfer you to sales . I 'm very busy , Damian . I 've been looking at Security Concepts ' portfolio . Uh uh ? And it 's a little ... weak . I 'd like to look at streamlining the operation . Streamlining ? Yes ... by shifting defense contracts to new technologies . With the success of SAINT , our military clients want to make sure that their material is coming from a prestige division . Without those contracts , Damian , Security Concepts will collapse . Face the facts , Sara . Robocop 's gone ... and with SAINT being online , you better wake up . It 's a whole new world , and everyone 's expendable . Four and a half hours before automation . Yeah , yeah , yeah . My town , new rules . James ... careful with that . You guys are really going to take on OCP ? - Yes . - By yourself ? If you know of any volunteers , let us know . They 'll be gunning for you the second you hit Delta City . We 'll take our chances . Look , even if you make it to the tower , there 's no guarantee you 'll get in . It can be done . With stealth gear , maybe , which you don 't have . We 'll find a way . Even if you don 't count the security personnel , which there are dozens of , you still have to contend with the automated defense systems - If you 've got a point , why don 't you make it ? I don 't think you can make it ... without help . From whom ? You ? Yeah . Yes . Why should we trust you ? Your kid ... your call . I 'm out of here . Your move . Let 's ride . I never rode shotgun in a hearse before . Run diagnostic cycle again . All systems functioning normally . Is there a problem , Dr. Hobley ? Has anyone attempted to access your systems ? Damian , maybe ? You are the only individual authorized to access my systems . That 's not what I asked . Are you being evasive ? I 'm not programmed to be evasive . There are anomalies in your program I can 't account for . Have you been rewriting your own code ? I 'm a state-of-the-art thinking machine . Nothing can go wrong . What ? I said I 'm a state-of-the-art thinking machine . Nothing can go wrong . No . You said nothing - Ed , we need to talk . I think there 's something wrong with SAINT . Yes , there 's some aesthetic concerns about SAINT 's presentation . There 's something wrong with him . Hmm . Need to cut down on the number of mainframes . Some of the foreign buyers find it a little too ... visually intimidating . We have to delay automation . Why ? There 's something wrong with him and I don 't know what it is . SAINT ? What 's your current status ? All systems are at 100 % capacity . Thank you . You 're on the cusp of the greatest moment of my life . Damian , please listen to me . We 're not delaying automation . We are going through with automation . As of midnight tonight , SAINT will have control of this entire city , with or without your help . That 's what I 've become now , huh ? " Help " ? Come on , Ed . Who did all the real work around here ? I conceived him . I designed him . I built him from my bare hands ! And I sold it . Without me , there 'd be nothing to sell , you idiot . I am the president of OCP , and you will give me the respect I deserve ! Where are you going ? I can 't - I won 't be responsible for this . Well you can 't quit either ... because I 'm firing you , Edwin Hobley . Get the hell out of my company ! Is it getting hot in here ? No , temperature is running normal . Can I do anything for you ? Yes . Help me save it . Anything you say , Mr. Lowe . This is Omega Team . Unauthorized vehicle located . System support markings , no sign of driver . I am establishing command presence . Attention , unauthorized intruders , you 're in a restricted area . Please turn your vehicle off and toss the keys out ... slowly . Let me see your hands ! This is Dennys . We 've lost Will ! Countdown , the future of Delta City . Citizens are making their way to the Jerry Springer Civic Square in the heart of beautiful downtown Delta City to usher in this era of peace and prosperity . The mood among the citizens is upbeat and hopeful . Our cameras recorded the hopes and dreams of those gathered . The P.I.S. program has been a success . Full automation is the next step towards peace and prosperity . Hey , you ! What are you doing ? I grew up in Old Detroit . This will be much better . I like having difficult decisions made for me . It 'll be cool , I guess . Whatever . What is it , again ? In a completely unrelated story , OCP 's Civic Support Division announced 12,000 layoffs effective immediately . OCP spokespersons claim that this is due to a lagging demand for services supplied by the division . Yeah , I 'll do it again . Fine . SAINT , about time . I 'm tired of making my own decisions . I 'd love for a computer to make them for me , since they 're so good at thinking like people . Can 't wait to have my life simplified . That 's what life 's all about , isn 't it ? Not having to take account for your actions . No actions . Happy ? Yeah . About time ? Yeah . SAINT . Happy ? Happy ? Happy ? If I was SAINT , where would I be ? Mr. Cable ? Do what it is you do , sir . Top floor . Heavily armored . Defense systems , armed personnel . Override it . Shut it down . Negative . Negative ? I beg your pardon ? We need assistance . Security clearance . I know just the person . Good . Good . Well done . I 've heard of Kaydick . The guy was like ... a myth at OCP . Never believed he was rich . Everything you heard about him is true . It 's the checkpoint . Slow down and I 'll speak to the guard . What are you doing ? Aren 't we going a little fast ? - What 's this guy doing ? - He 's not stopping . Company property . Oh , God . Ah , screw it . Yeeee-haaa ! Yeah ! Dispatch ! Checkpoint four , Old Detroit . Intruder heading into the city at high speed . Ha ha ! Oh my God ! Your driving , man ... whoa . All units in Sector Four , hostile vehicle entering Delta City . Scramble ground units to intercept . Copy that , Sector Four . Sector Five responding as well . All units in Sector Four , hostile vehicle entering Delta City . Roger , Dispatch . 12-28 moving to intercept . Two up in front . Blast them . No . - Then what ? - I have an idea . - What the hell is he doing ? - Crazy , whoever he is . What are you doing ? Murphy , we don 't have time for this . You may want to fasten your seatbelt . Looks like we 're going under . We just passed the target vehicle . - Turning around to pursue . - Roger that . Use of all possible deadly force has been approved . - We 're dead . - We 're fine . - They 're still on us . - No problem . We 've got two in front . What are you doing ? What I do . Nobody dies tonight . What are you doing ? My town , my rules . Block him in . Dispatch , 28-12 , we 've lost sight of our target . Unable to continue pursuit . Nice moves . Thank you . What the hell are you doing ? No wonder you got demoted . Hello . I 'm calling security . Security isn 't what it used to be . Hello , Sara . Damn cyborgs ... making life tough for the rest of us . Always smashing through walls and blowing up property . And who 's got to clean it up ? Me , Ned Gummell , that 's who . Why can 't they use the damn front door like everybody else ? What thanks do I get ? None . Zero . Zilch . There ought to be a law . There we go . Just - This is ridiculous . Intruder alert . Intruder alert . Come on . Welcome to Omni Consumer Products corporate headquarters , located in the heart of spectacular Delta City , the safest place on earth . Unfortunately you have entered the premises illegally . - Please vacate now . - And ... - You have five seconds to comply . - ... there are lasers . Thanks again . Four seconds ... three seconds ... two seconds ... Security authorization code 27-9-70 . Omni Consumer Products thanks you for your employee ID . Have a good day . You think we could have tried something a little quieter ? No . That 's great . We 're going to have security on us in about - Lay down your weapons immediately and surrender . You are trespassing on OCP property . As trespassers , you are subject to immediate arrest under OCP bylaw number 27 . If you resist arrest , we are authorized to use deadly force . Try not to hurt them ... too badly . Put your hands where I can see them and lay down your weapons . - Put them down now ! - Oh , hell . I hope you gentlemen have adequate health and injury insurance . You 're giving us no choice . Your move . This is your final warning . Fire ! Are you coming or what ? Nice moves . Thanks . Mainframe 's on sublevel three . Let 's go and see what Kaydick 's got down there . We shouldn 't take any chances . No telling what Kaydick 's got waiting for us . Nothing we can 't handle . It 's like losing you again . 15 minutes to full automation . Ladies and gentlemen , citizens of Delta City , technology is our friend . Damn it . Technology is our friend . Technology is our friend ! Technology - no . Technology . Technology . Good evening , Mr. Lowe . SAINT . - Hello ? - I wanted to make you aware that building security has been breached . What ? Damn it . What am I going to do ? Instruction , please . SAINT ... what do you think we should do ? I have a variety of anti-intrusion protocols currently available . Oh . Well , then ... use them . Parameters set . Thank you , Mr. Lowe . Technology is supposed to be our friend ... Hobley . Don 't go , don 't go . Don 't go ! What ? Automation , Hobley . Automation ! Do you know what that means ? That means I don 't want to have to think ! What 's the point of having an automated building if I have to tell it what to do every damn time ? ! I 'm fired , Damian , remember ? Yes . I 'm un-firing you . You 've got a lot to account for . And remember , Hobley ... OCP is the place to be . Anti-intrusion response in three minutes . That 's good . How do you know how to do that ? Don 't ask . Where is it ? I - I don 't know . SAINT 's been moved upstairs . Oh , great . What is going on here ? Someone 's trying to sabotage SAINT . Who ? Kaydick . - David Kaydick ? - You know him ? He 's supposed to be dead . You 'd better tell him that . Legion 's partially uploaded . He 's come here to finish the job . What 's Legion ? It 's a smart stealth virus . It can override security , it can hide itself in existing program architecture . It can disguise itself ... It might create some minor glitches , but no diagnostic scan can uncover it . We need to get to SAINT . My security clearance 's been revoked . Technically I don 't work here anymore . I can get us up there . No . The new SAINT chamber is platinum access only . What does that mean ? Vice president , president only . That means Kaydick can 't get through either , right ? He 'll find a way . Then so will we . Initiating volume control for the SAINT system . Thank you very much . Hobley . Oh no . Hello , Damian . You let them in , Jerry , you traitor ? You 're fired . Anti-intrusion response activated . What 's that noise ? The building 's responding to the security breach . You 're not getting out of here . I don 't intend to - the elevators . Building lockdown now completed . Switching to auxiliary power . Reinforced security shutters now in place on all exits . Entrance in and out of the building is restricted . Building secure . It 's responding to the building breach . The whole building 's being locked down . We 're trapped . Hobley , this is all your fault . How much time to full automation ? 40 minutes . Legion will spread almost instantaneously to every computer in the city and from there to every person . - You should come with us . - I 'll just slow you down . We need your help . SAINT controls building security . He 'll probably try and stop you . I can get you past some hazards , but I need to be here . Here . Take this . - We 'll keep in contact that way . - Good . Give me your card . It won 't work for you . My card , my DNA . Then you 'll have to come with us . No problem ... Junior . Cute . Stairwell activity noted . Activating internal anti-terrorist deterrents . You know , we need aggressive young execs like you . Play your cards right , you might wind up being vice president . Wait a minute . Is it getting colder in here ? I 'm detecting a rapid temperature loss . A drop of 10 degrees in the last 60 seconds . Ed , what 's happening ? The environmental controls are malfunctioning . I 'm reading radical temperature variations all over . - I 've noticed . - I 'm doing what I can . Oh no . Hold on . Ed ... I 'm sorry , I missed one . You 're clear to go . Okay . Let 's go . I can 't handle this . I just hope Stain 's got Kaydick too . There you are . Stay there . Daddy will be back in a second . I never thought I 'd see the day John Cable turned his back on the law . You killed John Cable . No , you killed John yourself . Come on . He became a relic in this world , useless , like father , like son . It was a difficult pregnancy . I had visions of being fat , 40 , married to a beat cop with a bunch of kids to take care of . I deserved better than that . All I had to do was cut away some excess tissue , nothing more . Just like you , John ... deep in that mass of steel - just excess tissue . Mr. Cable ? Mr. Cable ! Mr. Cable , cease . We 'll see about this . Mr. Cable . Mr. Cable ! I need her . What 's wrong with this ? When the building 's locked down , the elevators shut down . How far away is SAINT ? You 've got to be kidding . Thank you . Mr. Cable , how far away is SAINT ? Seven floors . The stairs it is , then . Come on . Mr. Cable , take care of that . Good . Let 's continue . OCP executive personal alarm from Sara Cable activated . Dispatch security teams . Reevaluate building security based on new information . They 're coming up the stairs . Well ... what have we here ? How many ? Hmm ? How many guards are waiting for us ? How many ? This is a possible hostage situation , so pick your targets carefully . We don 't want to get fired . You need me . No , I need your eyes for the retinal scanner . Whether or not I use them in or out of your sockets is entirely up to you . Mr. Cable ... Damn . ... take care of our waiting friends . There . Freeze . Lay down your weapons . - You 've gotta be joking . - Does it look like I 'm joking ? Can 't let you pass . Do what he says . - I can 't do that , sir . - What ? ! I can 't obey the order of any OCP officer under visible duress . What the hell kind of policy is that ? " OCP Hostile Non-Negotiation Policy . " - It 's in the handbook . - Ah . This is Damian . Reminder : revise Non-Negotiation Hostile Policy . Thank you . This building has been infiltrated by hostile forces . We 're here to stop them . So where are they ? John , these people don 't deserve to die . Neither did I. To hell with this . Fire . Reinforcements ! I need reinforcements now ! Ahhh ! No ! Not grenades ! - Dad ! - Mr. Cable ? Mr. Cable ! Mr. Cable ! No ! Yes . Give me back my daughter . You can 't win this one . - I 'll kill you . - Mom ? Good riddance to bad rubbish . 30 minutes to full automation . - Sara , time to go ! - Dad . - Warning ... - Dad . James , reality check . We 've got to go now ! How do we disarm this thing ? - Kaydick is not getting through . - Can I get a little help ? No ! - Bad girl . - Ahhh ! Access allowed . Ed , I 'm at the SAINT chamber entrance . We need to disarm it . Sorry , I can 't do anything . Access is restricted to Sara and Damian only . You know that . We have a responsibility to disarm SAINT . Please , help me . What are you , insane ? You 're pathetic . If SAINT goes down , so does OCP . It stays online as planned . James , don 't you get it ? Dead or alive , we 're the key . - Where are you gonna go ? - Out ! Just out of here ! This is all your fault , Sara . You let them in here . - And you - - Shut up , Damian ! James , please , let 's go . No . It stops here . So nice of you to wait for me . Down , boys . Ahhh ! Where were we ? In or out . Don 't . Kaydick , don 't ! Come on , let 's go . Come on . Peekaboo . Thank you . No ! No ! Jordan ! Mom ! I 'm gonna kill you , you son of a bitch , Kaydick . James ... It doesn 't work . It does if you know how to use it . Keep up the good work , Junior . No ! This is perfect . This is just like I imagined . All we need now is access . - No ! - You will do as I say . No ! You could have killed me back there . No , I 'm going to save you . - Like you saved your ex ? - What , Damian ? - Don 't you trust me ? - Trust you ? What 's trust ? Why don 't we go somewhere safe and discuss a ... Merger ? Yeah . Something like that . This better be good , Cable . Cable ... Heads are going to roll after this . How are we supposed to get down ? This leads to a platinum access escape passage in the garage . - I didn 't know that . - Add that to the list , Damian . Smarter than you look . I do like to plan ahead . Of course , this wouldn 't have happened if I were in charge . That 's because you 're not CEO material . Oh ? You need ... guts ... Hmm . nerve ... balls . Don 't forget the most important part : fall guys . Ahh ! I 'll get you for this , Sara ! Bitch ! Huh ? We 're a little more than 20 minutes away from the historic takeover of Delta City by SAINT , the next generation in intelligent computers , brought to you by OCP . Media Net 's own Rikki Oh is live on the scene of the kickoff party in Jerry Springer Civic Square , as Delta City prepares to go full auto . Bonnie , we are just around the corner of the dawn of a new age in Delta City , and as you can see , the thousands of people gathered here are jubilant at the thought of full automation in the hands of OCP and their new computer management system , the revolutionary SAINT . The population of Delta City can hardly wait . The future is here and nobody can stop it . Scanning intruder . Non-human components detected . Adjust security parameters . Activating electrical field . Come on . No . Come on ! You can 't do this ! I need you ! - Ed , you 're still with us ? - SAINT 's locked me out . Great . Kaydick 's in the chamber , and the door 's sealed . The scanner 's screwed . Tell me there 's another way in . I 'm sorry , there isn 't . I can 't do anything ! Maybe Damian . He flew the coop . There 's nothing I can do , James . I need SAINT , but there 's nothing I can do to stop him . Yes , there is . You 're going to get up here now and we 're going to stop this . I promise you . - You can 't use that . - I 'm not planning on using it . Ed , I need you to stop in the lobby on the way up here . There 's something I want . I 'm getting out of here , Sara ! Welcome to Omni Consumer Products corporate quarters located in the heart of spectacular Delta City , the safest place on earth . Unfortunately , you have entered the premises illegally . Please , vacate now . You have five seconds to comply . Exit in four seconds . OCP appreciates your interest . - Three seconds . - This is Damian ! - Damian ! - Two seconds . Goodbye . Damian ! Damian Lowe , access - Hobley , I 'll get you for that ! I never did like you , Damian . Hello , John . Welcome to Omni Consumer Products corporate headquarters located in the heart of spectacular Delta City , the safest place on earth . Unfortunately , you have entered the premises illegally . Please vacate now . You have five seconds to comply . Five seconds . - Four seconds . - Security authorization 450167 . Disarm ! Disarm ! Omni Consumer Products thanks you for your employee ID . Have a good day . " Technology is our friend . " - We 're running out of time . - Don 't bother me while I 'm working . Ann ! I swear to God I 'm going to kill you ! That wouldn 't matter anyway . You can 't win . I 'm sorry , you are ... ? I 'm somebody you should have killed when you had the chance . - I 'm James Murphy . - Nice to meet you , Jimmy . For your information , I 've just finished uploading Legion into SAINT . In 15 minutes time , SAINT will send the virus throughout Delta City . Thanks , baby . You 're gonna die ... screaming . Poor little Ann - right back where you started . You are no match for me . You can 't win . I 'm gonna try . Get her out of here ! Run ! Mr. Cable . How nice of you to rejoin us . Time to full automation . 15 minutes before automation . Excellent . Mr. Cable ! SAINT , stand by to receive new input . SAINT ... I need you to stop the automation countdown . Dislocate peripherals . Your system has been corrupted . SAINT , listen to me . You 're sick . You understand ? Like - like the time when you were five . Remember ? You had the fever . Hey , Tin Man . Hey , Tin Man ! What kind of a cop are you ? The award for valor goes to Officer John Terrence Cable . Mommy ! Wake up ! Mommy , wake up . Justin ... excess tissue ... Mom ... Mommy . Mommy , wake up . It 's just like old times . That 's right ... and your mother and I took care of you . Do you remember her ? Oh come on . - Give Daddy a kiss . - No ! Wake up . - Typical . - Mommy ! I 'm your father . Stop the countdown . Not for long , you bastard . Alert , unauthorized access by Dr. Edward Hobley . Mommy , wake up . - Where 's the EMP ? - I dropped it . Mr. Hobley ... I was wondering if you 'd turn up . Nice work . Is that it then ? Huh ? Any more heroes ? - Robo ? - He 's gone . 10 minutes to full automation . Reevaluating safety protocols . - What does that mean ? - Full automation override . Nothing can stop it now . I 've waited a long time for this . Destiny is upon us . Destiny is upon us . Mommy , wake up . - Mr. Cable ! - Wake up ! Mr. Cable ? Mom , wake up ! I 've had enough of this . Kill them all . No , I will not kill them . - We have to go ! Wake up ! - No ! Wake up ! Why do I always have to do this the hard way ? Come on . No ! Mr. Cable ... now ! Get out ! You go with these nice men . Mommy 's going to go kick some ass . - I don 't wanna go - - Go ! Go now ! - Mommy ! - No ! Away from the door ! Mommy ! James , run ! Go ! Now ! - Help her down . - Security system 's still active there . Up it is then , you stay with me . Come on , Ed , hurry up . He 's coming . How cozy ... just the two of us . You 're not leaving this room alive . Come on . Damn you ! Oh it works ... my God - it really works . You know I did this for you , Ann ? For Jordan ? For everyone ? I really love you , Ann . You can never beat me . You 're just a woman . Time to die ! You 're too late ! Five minutes to full automation . Yippy-yeh ! You okay ? This way . They killed you and resurrected you as a tool , as an enforcer of their tyranny . - Go ! Go ! - This way ! Come on ! Don 't you want to make them regret that ? Don 't you ? It was a difficult pregnancy . Cut away some excess tissue . ... useless unwanted ... Shit ! Shit ! Sorry . You 'll make a great father . Takes one to know one . You will soon find out for yourself . John Cable is dead . Avenge him . Cable , don 't ! No ! Enough ! No ! What are you prepared to do ? Whatever it takes . James ... get out of the way , James . James , please . I won 't fight you anymore , John . I have to stop this . This has to end . Many people will die . We belong dead . Dad ! Dad ! 15 seconds to full automation . Do you play chess ? I know the rules of the game . 10 seconds to full automation . Ever hear of the ... Cable maneuver ? Five seconds to full automation . Sacrifice move . Full auto online . Checkmate . - What the ... ? - Cable . He must have set off the EMP . He saved us . Yeah , but did we win ? James ? Dad ? Hey , Murph . Did you really think I 'd let you hog all the glory ? That 's my department , remember ? See , the thing with EMPs is ... if you turn yourself off the pulse has no effect . You 've got a lot of work ahead of you , but your destiny is yours again . You are Alex Murphy ... and my friend . I 've tried to make up for the damage I 've done . We are what we do , Alex . Our actions define us , our deeds . Never forget that . Never forget who you are . Are you okay ? I 'm fine . Everything 's fine . - I thought you were - - Dead ? Never . Dad ? You going to need this . James ... thank God you 're alive . Looks like it 's my show now . Funny how things work out . John 's dead . Oh . Did you know he saved us ? Saved us all ? Guess he was good for something . I am going to need a vice president . What is it to be , James ? My name is Murphy . You know , they 'll probably blame me for this . What ? Ann ... maybe I can help . Hey , kiddo . I 'll take care of her , okay ? Come on , let 's go . Goodbye . I have to go . You 're just one man . What are you prepared to do ? What I do . Serve the public trust , protect the innocent , uphold the law . Oh , yeah . Go get them , Dad . This is Media Net . - I 'm Ashley St. John Smyth . - And I 'm P.J. Flinders . So where were you when the lights went out in Delta City ? Where was I ? I was in a public square with a million other people , wondering what the happened to all the lights . OCP . I was attempting to close a multimillion dollar business deal . And the power goes out . And the deal collapses . you , OCP . Echoing sentiments expressed by many Delta City residents a grand jury handed down no less than 7,000 separate indictments against OCP and its new acting president , Sara Cable . In addition , citizens of Delta City have filed $ 30 trillion class action lawsuit against OCP . Looks like OCP will be in litigation for a long time . The rebuilding of Delta City has begun in earnest . Spearheading the drive for this new beginning is James Murphy . His new company , The Prime Directive Foundation , is committing itself to improving the lives of all inhabitants . Ashley , we 're involved because we need to show that each one of us can make a difference . That 's something my father taught me . The rebuilding of Delta City and the renewal of Old Detroit is a step in the right direction , and one I 'm proud to be involved in . Thanks . Technology is a tool , not a crutch . When used correctly , it can improve the lives of everyone , especially children . Careful , kiddo . That 's dangerous . We intend to prove this to the city , and the world . Rioting the night of the blackout was quashed by Delta City Security under the de facto leadership of Commander Alex J. Murphy , the officer formerly known as Robocop . Still patrolling the streets , he had this to say to the grateful citizens of Delta City . Stay out of trouble . That 's right , boys and girls , all me , all day , and all night long . What I want to know is what the hell are you watching me for ? What did I ever give you ? Get out there and give your fellow citizen a helping hand . That sofa 's not an egg sack . Get off your ass . It 's a beautiful day outside . Get out there , read a book . Breathe the air . Have a conversation with somebody . Smile . Try to think your own thoughts instead of somebody else 's . Don 't you know TV rots your brain ? It 's just a distraction . How do you think a bunch of clowns like OCP got in charge in the first place ? Because your weren 't paying attention . So go and do it . Do something , do anything . You don 't have to solve the world 's problems all at once . Just go on and be a human being for the first time in your life . Ripped by subXpacio
