 I 'm Ashley St. John Smyth . And I 'm PJ Flinders . This is " Media Net . " Top story : The terrorist known only as " Bone Machine " struck again last night , decimating a low-income housing project . No major injuries are reported - damage is estimated at $ 17 million . Security Concepts spokesperson Sara Cable had this to say . The actions of a lone criminal are in no way indicative of the state of Delta City as a whole . Today Delta City Security unveiled its revolutionary new " Zero-Fatality " policy , which prohibits use of lethal force in the apprehension of suspects . Criminals respond with lethal force only when they themselves feel threatened . If the police do not provoke them , then they won 't act in that manner . Supporters say they are confident the new act will help ensure that Delta City remains the safest place on earth . In other news , guess who turned 10 years old today ? Yes , Robocop . " Delta City Defender " marked his 10th year of operation this morning with a celebratory bash sponsored by Omni Consumer Products - OCP . Delta City 's favorite law enforcement cyborg , Robocop , takes the streets in this hard-hitting , long-lasting carnival of carnage ... captured live ! Robocop puts pedal to the metal with thousands of DC 's finest . Take cover , lawbreakers , as the future of law enforcement clamps down on wrongdoers citywide . This lethal high-octane excitement is available exclusively to you , the Delta City citizen , direct from OCP Entertainment Technology . Own a part of history as " The Man of Steel " takes care of business his way . Shocking , thought-provoking highly entertaining ? You bet . Get yours today . Happy Birthday , Robo - thanks for helping make Delta City the safest place on earth . Attention ! Attention ! My name is Sandra Smiles and I 'm ready to negotiate . Further escalation of violence is not necessary at this time . As a duly retained representative of Omni Consumer Products ' Legal Affairs Division , I 'm authorized to take any demands you may have ... under due consideration . " Da Bomzz " have no time for words ! Napalm Joe , you get out there and show them we are serious . Catch . Die ! Die ! We do not negotiate . We detonate ! We are desirous to obtain a peaceable uniparty resolution , and are prepared to negotiate a mutually favorable exit strategy for you and your associates . Get a news crew up here now so that they can show the world the awesome power of " Da Bomzz . " We should just shoot them . That would be a gross violation of OCP policy , mister . That 's not gonna happen during my watch . " Da Bomzz " have no manifesto ! - There is no medium ! - This ain 't your watch . There is no message . Our revolution - Who the hell do you think you are ? This is Commander John T Cable , Delta City Security . You have two minutes to state your demands . - " Da Bomzz " are not politicians . - So you 're the new guy . - Listen ... - What 's your name ? Sandra . How 'd you like to wear your asshole for a necklace , Sandra ? I want a strike team on that front door with flash-bang grenades in 30 seconds , the backup squad in with shotguns . You got a problem , Lourdes ? - No , sir , it 's just - - What ? It 's just OCP , sir . They 've suspended all lethal ammunition . What ? This isn 't LA . We do have our rules . Shut up , Sandy . What do you have ? Pepper spray and tasters , sir . Pepper spray ? And tasters . I think Carson over there has some rubber bullets . Nitro ! Cable ... you 've got a lot to learn . That 's the way things are run here in Delta City . It 's " Da Bomzz " fight ! Here he comes ! Screw you ! - Screw you ! - Not anymore . Screw you ! Having some trouble ? Nothing I can 't handle . I don 't need a machine to do a cop 's job . Keep your men back . Officer , I want no unnecessary violence in there . Hey , Robo ! Va fan culo ! Officer , no unnecessary violence . Just because you have ammunition doesn 't mean you can use it . Damn it . We 're sending someone in to negotiate . Attention . You are under arrest . Lay down your weapons and surrender . You don 't need me , Sandy . You don 't need any of us . - Hey - - Forget it . You are trespassing . Release the hostages . You ain 't the news . We said to bring the news so the world can see the awesome TNT power of " Da Bomzz . " Criminals , look out ! Weapons malfunction . Please vacate the premises immediately . Hey ! Get your ass back in here ! Hey you ! Jeez . You are interfering in police business . Lay down your weapon and identify yourself . Identify this , tin man ! Prepare to die ! No ! We - we are desirous to obtain a peaceable uniparty resolution ... and are prepared to negotiate a mutually favorable exit strategy for you and your associates . Don 't get up . I 'll see myself out . Tear gas selected . Robocop ? Are you okay ? Robocop ? You are under arrest . You check over there . We need our weapons back . Sir , we found Robocop . Hey , are you still with us ? What are you prepared to do ? Delta City , the safest place on earth . Omni Consumer Products is the vanguard of this new age of prosperity . From the shoes on your feet to the car in your garage to the home you live in to the food on your table " if you 've got it , it 's from OCP . " This company is on the verge of complete financial collapse . The privatization of Delta City is more than $ 700 billion over budget , which makes us the sole owner of the single largest money pit in history . We have a 30 % decrease in shareholder confidence and increased competition overseas . Without immediate and decisive action , this corporation 's days are numbered . What I want are solutions . That means new ideas . Now , what have we got ? I suppose I should have expected this . How about our junior executives ? - Mr. Lowe . - If I may . Oh , please . We deal in many commodities here at OCP - children 's toys , news , entertainment programming , space travel , intercontinental thermo-nuclear accessories . But information is the true commodity of the 21st century , as our esteemed CEO has indicated . The Asian block has invested substantial resources in new technologies . Their advancements in the fields of cybernetics and artificial intelligence has been astronomical and quite frankly , OCP is being left in the dust . At this point , the only thing that could save this great corporation , is a little divine intervention . " Sentient artificial intelligence neural net terminus " - " SAINT " - developed by myself and my team here at OCP New Technologies Division , is the way of the future . Now , if you watch the video , you 'll see the profit potential of the SAINT project and the financial benefit to OCP . Imagine the possibilities - a computer capable of thinking for itself ; a computer capable of not only automating the day-to-day activities of this building but one that can monitor the people at work within it . A computer that we can control . And after a successful trial run here at OCP we can expand SAINT 's influence outward . We can have the direct control of Delta City and its citizens at our very fingertips . A whole city - under one roof . And all your eggs in one basket . Streamlining , increasing efficiency and control . Something that Security Concepts could stand to bone up on . Security Concepts deals in hard realities , not pipe dreams like a " magic box " that will fix all our problems in one fell swoop . OCP has no interest in abstractions , Mr. Lowe . This is far from abstract , ma 'am . I have a working prototype SAINT system in the R D lab as we speak . It was built with presently available components so no costly new construction is required . With a modest commitment of resources , we could be ready to test SAINT on this building ... in 10 days . Thank you . All right , Mr. Lowe , you 'll have your wish . But I want some hard results - and fast . You will , ma 'am . That 's a promise . Now on to new business . Let 's review our position with " Media Net . " Choke on it . Asshole . I had to jury-rig some of your existing components , so you may find that you 're a little on the delicate side . The replacement parts I requested are backordered and might not be in for a couple - three , four weeks . Some of them aren 't even made anymore . I 'm a little over-the-hill . Birthday blues ? Just thinking . That 's a dangerous habit . - Why do you do this ? - What ? Take care of me . Somebody has to . Don 't you have family ? A lot of them died . And the ones that didn 't I didn 't care much for , anyway . Want to know the truth ? I find it peaceful down here . It 's quiet . It used to be all they could do ... to keep people away . But now ... - I feel - - Mothballed ? When they first made me - when they brought me back - I thought ... that it was for some reason . Believe me , it was . I used to live up on Cadillac Heights . It was a war zone before you came along . I meant ... in a higher sense . I didn 't realize you were a philosopher . Hobley ! Smile , Edwin . Smile . We 're in business . That 's great . How did you convince them ? They were practically begging for it , Ed . Practically begging for it . I 'll pick up the schedule then ... in six months , I can get - - 10 days . - What ? - We 're going to need full building automation in 10 days . Overload error . System overload error . - Error . Error . - That 's not possible . I have every confidence in you , Ed . Damien , even if I had the staff that you promised me , which I don 't , I 'd still need to finish constructing the neural net . Do you know what your problem is , Ed ? You 're too negative . You 've got to think positive . We can do this . You can do this . You will - do this . This is what I mean . - What is this ? - I 'm teaching it . What , a game ? Three-dimensional thinking . What , like 3-D ? Yeah , Damien , like 3-D . You can 't program the neural net like a computer . It has to learn . The biotic potential - Ed , how long have we known each other ? 10 years ? 12 . Haven 't I always looked after you ? I started Lowe Technologies for you . Yeah - and sold it to OCP . So that you would have access to the resources you need . You said I wouldn 't have to work in a basement anymore . See , there you go again . Don 't you realize this is your ticket out of the basement ? Keep me posted . This is it Ed . This is it ! Damien - ! So this super-computer is going to what - hold my dingus while I piss ? You 'll all be working for me this time next month . It makes sense . Of course it makes sense . Emotions , politics , personal ambitions - - Executive urination . - ... they all impede judgment and bad judgment makes for bad decisions . No emotions , no mistakes . I 've been saying that for years . Not that those old bastards want to hear it . Well , they maintain the status quo . They are the status quo . This is Damien . " Bad judgment makes for bad decisions . " Come on , come on . - You 're new . - I just graduated . Executive Training Program . - Nice to have you aboard . - Thank you . - What 's your name ? - It 's Murphy , James Murphy . Save it . All right . No rest for the wicked . - The good don 't need any . - Mind some company ? How are you finding your new position here ? It 's a struggle . Like everything else , it 's a lot of responsibility . Allow me . Sara Cable . Authorization verified . Membership does have its privileges . Going down . I like to think that rewards are earned . I work hard , keep my nose clean . And that alone rocketed you to the top ? Do you have a point ? You know how corporations can be . They see a fast riser and rumors fly . Do you think I slept my way to the top ? You always do have the right information at the right time . Obstacles conveniently disappear from your path . You must have one hell of a guardian angel looking after you . I don 't listen to gossip and I don 't believe in angels . Maybe , just maybe , I 'm a good executive . But you think things could be better ? Sure , things can always be better . What are you prepared to do to change the situation ? Er ... We 're friends . I do whatever it takes . OCP practically raised me . After my parents died , if it wasn 't for the corporate orphanage , I 'd probably be living on the streets in Old Detroit . Maybe even worse . I have an obligation to protect this company . Even from itself ? Even if it means violating official company policy ? If that policy was damaging ? Hypothetically . I suppose I wouldn 't have much choice , would I ? Glad to hear it . Looks like you are going to live . But you might want to think twice before going head-to-head with that joker . I don 't know where a guy gets that kind of firepower in this town . - Freeze . - Take the shot , Murphy . Let him go now , you 're under arrest . - Take the shot . - I mean it , I 'll kill him . Let him go now , you 're under arrest . Murphy , take the shot . I 'll kill him . I swear . What are you prepared to do ? Who is your opponent ? No one . It 's an old game I seem to keep coming back to . White knight takes black bishop . Black sacrifices queen . Checkmate ... in two moves . Can I help you , Officer ? I have something to show you . Is this reliable data ? Someone on the inside . A cop . Taking the law into his own hands . It happens . How 's a street trooper supposed to get a hold of this ? Someone did . You 're so sure it 's a cop , why risk bringing it to me ? Because you ... have a good reputation . Officer ... let 's just keep this between us for now . You know we 're on shift in half an hour . You think you might sneak in a move before then ? You 're disturbing my concentration , Murphy . So that 's what you call that . I thought maybe you was taking a nap or something . This is a game of strategy , observation and patience . And right now , mine is wearing very thin . What ? What ? What the hell is that ? That 's " the hell-I-got-you - beat-your-next " move . Of course you do . What the hell is that ? That 's " the hell checkmate , " pal . I didn 't even see it coming . That 's the idea . " Cable Maneuver . " - The what ? - My own patented move . So you cheated ? This ain 't poker , Murphy . In the end , it all comes down to what you 're prepared to do to win . Top story , Texas . Famous Texas landmark and memorial the Alamo was destroyed by radical militant group , " The Sons of Santa Ana , " in a belated attempt at retribution for General Sam Houston 's defeat of the Mexican Army some 200 years ago . A statement issued by the group addressed the extraordinary lapse of nearly two centuries stating , " Better late than never . " Malcolm X-plosion , alleged member of the notorious gang " Da Bomzz , " has filed a multi-million dollar lawsuit against OCP , for injuries sustained at the hands of DC Security . My client 's rights have been grossly violated by the police department of this town that would love to turn our beautiful city into their own personal private killing field . If they want a fight , we will give them one . " Sic Semper Tyrannis ! " I told you not to say anything . Archie Nemesis here . Cops without guns . About damn time , I say . At last I can feel safe making an illegal lane change on an empty street at 4 : 00 in the morning without worrying about getting shot by some Delta City jarhead , all hopped up on caffeine and powered sugar . Take their guns away . Right on , take them away . Give them to some private citizens . Those are people who know how to do some real damage . Good day . Ashley St. John Smyth here at what appears to be the aftermath of another assault by the criminal vigilante known only as " Bone Machine . " Harlan 's Donuts , rumored to be a hangout for local drug dealers was nearly leveled in the dawn attack which left three dead and dozens injured . Ironically , this establishment was once frequented by officers of the former Detroit Police Department in the years preceding the changeover to DC Security . Check it out - it 's Robocop . Forget about him . Old news . We have to do it all over again . Hey Officer , over here . He hit it this morning . Took out the bad guys and then went to work on the rest of the place . Really did a number on it , too . Maybe it was personal . They didn 't have the sprinkly ones so I got us the plain . I don 't know what 's worse , the way he kills them or what he does to them after . The guy 's a psychopath . Hey , Bixler . The guy better watch himself if he gets in my line of fire . I 'll buy that for a dollar . Murphy , you coming or what ? What the hell is eating you today , man ? This whole lousy cesspool . Yeah . Maybe this whole OCP thing will do some good . Get more money in the department , some more cops on the street . You really want to trust your life to a conglomerate , Murphy ? I don 't know . I heard one of their guys on " Media Break " the other night . Sounded like he had some good ideas . Sara 's hooked up with them . - Some new recruitment program . - Really ? Said she might be " executive material " down the line . Wow . That 's fantastic . Whatever . Come on , John , what 's your problem today ? I got a message from Sara this morning . Well ? She wants to go through with it . Oh ... Oh hell , I 'm sorry , John . She said she couldn 't see herself as a cop 's wife anymore . Said she had her own future to worry about . I don 't even know what to say , man . You don 't have to say anything . The marriage was stillborn , Murph . Nothing more to say than that . All units in sector seven , respond , over . 221 to Dispatch . Go ahead , over . 221 , disturbance reported in the vicinity of Moore and Boothby Streets . Possible rabid dog , over . Dispatch , 221 . Roger that . We 're on it , over . See that ? We 're glorified dog catchers now . " No guts , no glory , " huh ? Oh , man . That looks like it up ahead there , doesn 't it ? It 's the right place . That guy must be the caller . - Did you call the police ? - Yeah , the dog is in there . I wouldn 't have called you but - yeah , right through there . - ... on his way back in a few hours . - You live next door ? No , no , I live down the street . - Okay . - Looks like no one 's home . Okay , thanks a lot . Sounds like the dog 's out back . - Let 's check it out . - Okay . Remember what happened the last time we did this ? - I 'm sure you 're going to tell me . - Oh yeah , I 'm going to tell you because I had to buy a new pair of pants . - Sweet fitting pair of pants . - 80 bucks will buy you a new pair . - Good pants . - Worth the price . Yeah , right . Oh yeah . He sounds hungry . Quit stalling . Over the side . - I went first the last time , man . - No , no , no , I did . I hate this . I hate it . Good boy , huh ? He 's a big one . - You 're going to need that ? - We 'll see . Lay down . Lay down . Oh yeah . Good boy . That 's a good dog . That 's a good dog . What are you eating there , fella ? What you got there ? What the hell is that ? That 's human . John , John . I 'm going inside . We need a warrant . So go get one . You want to blow the bust ? What if he 's got another one in there ? Jesus . We 're cops , it 's all right . It 's okay we 're cops . It 's okay . No , no , no , shh-hh . You stay with the girl . John . It 's all right , honey - you 're going to be okay . Dead or alive , you 're coming with me . I 'm alive , baby . Where are you ? I 'll kill him . Surrender yourself or I swear I 'll kill him . Okay , it 's going to be all right . I 'll be right back , I promise . Freeze ! Murphy - Murphy , take the shot . I 'll kill him . I mean it . Let him go now . You 're under arrest . - Take the shot . - I 'll kill him . What are you prepared to do ? Put your gun on the floor , pig . Murphy - what are you prepared to do ? Put your gun on the floor , pig . Do it ! Murphy ... ? Okay , okay . Just stay calm . Just stay calm . I 'm going to put the gun on the floor . - Nice and easy . - Don 't you do it . Nice and easy . Nice and easy , huh ? There you go . See there , little piggy ? Now your partner there - he 's the smart one . - Sorry , John . - Me too . Smart and dead . - You okay ? - Yeah . - Where 's the girl ? - Downstairs . Good . Oh , my God . You were right about the warrant . Follow me . Where are we going ? What 's the matter , James , don 't you like a little mystery ? I was your age when I joined OCP . We were a force to be reckoned with . We were hungry and we made things happen . Then we started believing our own hype , we got fat and lazy and complacent and now - excuse me - we 're losing ground . The more things have changed , the more OCP has stayed the same . After you . What is all this ? " The tombs . " This is where OCP buries all its failures . But from these ashes will spring its greatest triumph . This is about the future . The future of OCP , the future of Delta City . This is about wrestling control of OCP from its decaying bureaucracy and infusing it with fresh blood before it dies . Our blood . You talking about some kind of coup ? No . We need people with vision , James - people of strength . People who will do what is necessary to ensure the security of OCP . People like you . Welcome to " The Trust . " Commander Cable . You remember me , don 't you ? I guess they stopped calling you " Jimmy " by now . Yeah . Yeah . It 's been a long time . How are you finding things ? You 're the first person from OCP I 've seen since I got here , so not too bad . I just got assigned to Security Concepts I guess that makes you my boss . I like to think of myself as more of a liaison . What can I do for you ? Officially ? I just came to introduce myself but I heard you have a reputation for being difficult . I 've heard that too . Well , just so you are aware , I can 't allow any personal concerns to interfere with my business . I wouldn 't expect any less ... from Alex Murphy 's son . Certainly is a small world , isn 't it , Commander ? Certainly is . His father used to be ... a friend . A long time ago . I 've got something - Watch your back . Yeah , um-hmm . Is there something I can do for you ? You didn 't say anything ? - What could I say ? - " Hi , James , it 's me , your father . " It 's better this way . For whom ? Light on or off ? Off . See you tomorrow , Murphy . What are you doing here ? You ought to lock your doors . You ought to make an appointment . This is official . Isn 't it always ? " Phalanx Bio-Booster Armor . " It 's a prototype Security Concepts was playing with six or so years back . We were developing a lot of urban pacification hardware back then . Most of it didn 't work . Did this ? I 'm not familiar with the project . Why don 't you look into it yourself ? Because it seems ... the head of Delta City Security doesn 't have full security clearance . Gold Clearance is reserved for executives . We can 't go handing out full access to civil servants , Commander Cable . You hired me , Ms. Cable . If not to do my job , then for what ? Maybe I could arrange access to the archives . Do it . Glad to be of service , Commander . Nice office . Could probably use a woman 's touch , though . You did not tell me that Commander Cable was your husband . I don 't like to dwell on the past . That why you sent me to talk to him ? - What was your impression of him ? - He was my father 's partner ... he 's a good cop . - Too good as it turns out . Meaning ? He 's opened up a line of investigation that could be damaging to the Trust - to us . And you would like me to do what ? Think of him as a competitor . How would you handle it ? I would remove him . And what would you do to accomplish that ? Whatever it takes . Then I 'll leave it in your capable hands . Did you know him ? - Who ? - My father . Did you know him ? No . Neither did I. Something 's going on , Ed . I can smell it . Everybody 's sneaking around , playing games . It 's that damn Sara Cable . She 's got something planned . Why do I care about this ? I don 't know , Ed - maybe because our entire future depends on it . She 's cunning . She knows that once SAINT 's in charge I 'm going to be number one banana . She may even try to sabotage the entire project . Or maybe you 're just acting paranoid , again . Show me a guy who 's not paranoid in this company and I 'll show you a dozen daggers in his back . Knowledge is power , Ed , and I need to watch that bitch , 24 / 7 . How much longer till we 're ready to rock ? We 're on schedule - provided I have no more interruptions . By the way , I had to use segments from the prototype version neural net . Meaning ? Because of the non-linearized architecture , it was the only way I could fill certain gaps . That 's what I like about you , Ed - always thinking . Technology is our friend , Damien . Exactly . Technology is our friend . Fill in those gaps . This is Damien . " Technology is our friend . " Hey ! Murphy ? Hello , Dr. Frost . Who was that ? Who ? There was a technician . I was ... dreaming . Hmm ... Must have been looking for the damn bathroom . How are you feeling today ? All systems functioning . Good . Now where are you going ? This is Cable , come in . I read you . I 'm going to Security Concepts ' bunker on the west end . I need you to meet me there . I think there 's something there you 're going to want to see . Roger that . - I 'm on my way . - Cable out . Welcome to the Security Concepts Bunker 115 . Please proceed to the weapons access terminal and make your selection . Security clearance will be required . If you do not have proper clearance , you 'll be in violation of OCP bylaw number 2667 . Have a great day . Contents have signed out by John T. Cable . Sara . We got a problem . You are under arrest . What the hell are you doing ? Dead or alive , you 're coming with me . Freeze ! Are you really going to kill me ... Alex ? It is you under there , isn 't it ? You have the right to remain silent . I came here to get answers , Alex . To questions you asked me . You came to me , remember ? You have the right to an attorney . Somebody 's playing with - somebody 's playing with both of us . Somebody 's using us . Anything you say can be used against you . " White knight takes black bishop . " You haven 't forgotten what I taught you . Whatever they 've done to you , I know it 's still you in there . - Anything you say can - - You are Officer Alex Murphy . You took an oath to uphold the law . - Anything you say - - You 're a man . - anything you say - - You 're not a machine . - can be - - You 're a cop . used against you - Run ! Run run . The award for valor goes to Officer John Terrence Cable . Ladies and gentlemen , this is one of the proudest days of my life . This just in . In a shocking turn of events , the terrorist " Bone Machine , " has been positively identified as Delta City Security Commander John Terrence Cable . Cable is presently at large and is considered extremely dangerous . But DC Security report that Robocop is hot on his trail . They promise the Delta City Defender will have things wrapped up in time for breakfast . Go get him , Robo . Don 't miss " When Good Cops Go Bad . The Hunt For John Cable . " Friday on " Justice Net . " If nothing else , I bet the movie will be great . - You 're in my chair . - Stop . Before you say anything , I have to give you a compliment . I would have thought that the head of Security Concepts would have been cold , calculating , ruthless and manipulative . I was right . Shouldn 't you be in the basement playing with your magic box ? Technology is our friend , Sara . You 're making a play , a good one too . It 's no coincidence that you instituted this " Zero Fatality policy when you did . Sure , looks like great PR . But it also cripples city security just as " Bone Machine " appears out of nowhere , I might add . OCP is disgraced right in its very own back yard . - Damien - - What happens next ? Hmm ? Let me run this one up your flagpole . The entire executive board is forced to resign after the debacle , leaving the field wide open , for another , new board to step up to the plate , headed by - oh , let 's say ... you ? How am I doing ? It 's good . Nearly flawless . I didn 't see it . Except when the story broke about your ex-hubby being " Bone Machine , " I just knew you had to be involved . The old woman doesn 't know yet - menopause or something - but you can bet it won 't be long before she does . You mean before you run to her with the story ? I think both you and I know where the future of this company lies . Besides , she doesn 't like me . I don 't like you , either . Take a number . Line forms on the left . I want in . - Pardon me ? - Whatever you 're up to - I want a piece of it . I want in . Because I 'd hate for the old bag to see this - you and your ex having a little meeting here yesterday . She 's slow but she 's not that slow . You 're in my chair . Get out . Think it over ... hmm ? Hello , Albert . Your front door was unlocked . That 's careless . You want to talk about " careless " ? What 's going on out there ? Don 't give me none of that " I don 't recall " crap neither . I turn on " Media Net " - what do I find ? John T. " Super Cop " Cable running around with my name . Don 't believe everything " Media Net " tells you . " Bone Machine " was supposed to be Delta City 's top cop . You have to learn to be more flexible than that , Albert . Robocop is tracking John as we speak . This will help you locate them . Find Robocop and you 'll find John Cable . You keep up your end of the bargain . Complete reinstatement . Albert Bixler , not " Bone Machine , " will be Delta City 's top cop . There are big changes coming , Albert . You could be part of them . All I need from you ... is one more job . The award for valor goes to Officer John Terrence Cable . Heard your transfer was approved . Yeah . Where are they sending you ? Metro West . Pretty rough . OCP is sending all the new guys up there . You think you 're up to it ? We 'll have to see . - Murph - - No , don 't . The guy would have walked . What did you expect me to do ? Be a cop . I am a cop . I don 't know what you are anymore . So why didn 't you tell them ? Because I owe you . And because I 'm still a cop . You can always come back . You watch your back . You can always come back . Detective Berg , it 's not like he killed someone . It 's a clear violation of my client 's rights . Make it aggravated assault and I can make bail , in cash , now . - It 's a nice precinct . - Yeah , pretty good . We work down here , Murphy . Get your armor and suit up . What ? What the hell was that ? That 's " the hell - I 've-got-you-beat-your-next " move . Of course you do . I didn 't even see it coming . That 's the idea . The " Cable Maneuver . " What did you expect me to do ? Be a cop . I am a cop . Murphy ... ? Alex ? You hear me ? Yes . I hear you . I knew you 'd come back . This is where it all began . I knew you would remember . I knew that you had no choice . Alex ? What have they given us ... for years of service ? For putting our lives on the line ? We - we were the best there was . Now what are we ? Dinosaurs . An embarrassment . A joke . I don 't - want to kill - you . But you don 't have a choice . So I guess I don 't either . You have to shoot me . No . You 're destroying yourself . The only way out is for you to shoot . I - can 't . I don 't want to die at the hands of a machine . So you make sure it 's the man that does the killing . You owe me that much . It 's your only choice , Alex . What are you prepared to do ? Surprise ! Die , die ! You 're boned , baby . I 'll kill him . No . Murphy ... take the shot . I 'll do it . What are you prepared to do ? I 'm - sorry , John . Do it ! That guy better watch himself , he gets in my line of fire . - You . - Do I know you , mister ? No . Good . Alex ? Did we win ? We did ... what we had to do . Don 't - ... don 't die . Everybody dies . The world only makes sense ... if you force it to . The terrorist " Bone Machine , " a. k. a . , former Detroit Police Officer Albert Bixler , was killed last night in a pitched battle in Old Detroit with the " Delta City Defender , " Robocop . Bixler had been relieved of duty several years previous following allegations around the shooting death of a suspect . Sadly , Delta City Security Chief John Cable , was also killed in the brutal firefight . Commander Cable was erroneously identified as " Bone Machine . " It was revealed today that this was part of a scheme to draw the real vigilante into the open . The plan succeeded - but sadly at the cost of the Commander 's life . Security Concepts spokesperson Sara Cable had this to say . It 's a sad day for all of us here at OCP . Commander Cable was a fine officer and a living symbol of everything that law enforcement in this city has to offer . Yes , a sad day indeed . In other news , although he is reported to have sustained some minor damage , Robocop is said to be in fine shape . Good luck , Robo , and all of us here at " Media Net " wish you a speedy recovery . - I 'll kill him . - No . Murphy , take the shot . I 'll do it . What are you prepared to do ? Sorry , John . Do it ! Do it ! Did we win ? We did ... what we had to do . Don 't don 't die . It 's been a while since I 've done one of these , so bear with me . That 's all right , Doctor . I have complete faith in you . There 's no guarantee this will work . A lot of us still think the first one was a fluke . John was exceptional . - Subtitle by - Muhammad Najwan
