 All patrolling air units ... a 208 is in progress in the C-13 district of Newport city Airspace over this area will be closed Repeat . All patrolling air units , a 208 is in progress in the c-1 3 district of Newport city . Airspace over this area will be closed Repeat . There 's no need for concern We can fix it by redoing it in our country Redo it ? A program with no bugs doesn 't exist .. and there 's no program that is impossible to debug . You don 't understand We 're not even sure that Project 2501 really is a bug Originally the purpose of this project was to ... Major Kusanagi , Section 6 is in position and ready to move in . Major ! Yeah , I can hear you . There 's a lot of noise in your brain It 's my time of the month . Don 't you think there 's going to be trouble if we interfere with a Section 6 case . The target is a notoriously bad diplomat ... the best they can do is deport him . We 're the ones who get our hands dirty . It 's time . Let 's move to the rendezvous point . What ? The police ? Stop it ! Who told you to fire ? ! Put your guns down ! I 'm entitled to diplomatic immunity . I want to talk to the person in charge . Taking classified programmers out of the country compromises national security . We can also have you brought up on kidnapping charges ... so let him go . That 's not possible . Mr. Daita has requested political asylum , and we have a signed affidavit . When ? I don 't have to explain . My country has the right , in accordance with international law ... to offer anyone protection and safe passage . The affidavit is at the embassy . I 'll send you a copy in a couple of days . Are you sure ? You 'll be killed if you return . I 'm warning you to watch your comments . Our country is a peace loving democracy . Oh really ? The window ! Shoot ! Thermo-optic camouflage . Aramaki , what a surprise . So , what business brings the chief of Section 9 to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . It 's about the secret talks scheduled with the Gavel Republic tomorrow . Oh , the official development Assistance . The regime that took over Gavel after the revolution demands financial aid , supposedly for redevelopment . They boast about democracy , but they 're no better than the Iast Iot . Now they feel entitled to funds because of our past exploitation . No gratitude . What 's the Ministry going to do ? Well , there 's a problem . The leader of the former junta ... that controlled their country is here seeking political asylum . You mean colonel MaIIes , correct ? Yes , and that means we either deny gavel the funds and treat MaIIes as a political refuge ... or help them and kick him out . It 's a tricky situation . My personal opinion is if we could find a politically acceptable reason ... I 'd Iike to forcibly deport him immediately . By the way , I want to thank you for your help with that other political asylum situation . Nakamura from Section 6 was also grateful . We diplomats must avoid messy situations , you realize . Access . We 've lost response . What 's happened to the EEG output . It 's normal . I 'll switch to Simex mode . The Foreign Minister 's interpreter . 23 minutes ago , her brain was hacked into through a phone line . Foreign Intelligence warned us about this . The " Puppet Master " has begun to infiltrate terminals throughout our network . We believe it 's extremely likely that he 'll target the secret talks scheduled with the Republic of Gavel . We 've put everyone attending the talks under surveillance . I suspect once he hacked into her ghost , he 'd use her to assassinate key delegates . So how long do we have before this hacker breaks through her barrier program and reaches her ghost ? Roughly 2 hours . He 's using an old-fashioned HA-3 virus . After that , we 'II have to break the connection to avoid any danger . Bateau and Ishikawa are tracking the signal source from their car . Contact them . That infamous mystery hacker , the Puppet Master , has shown up here ? We guess he or she is American , but we have no clue about age , sex or background . Since last winter , he 's been popping up in EU countries . He 's wanted for crimes including stock manipulation ... illegal information gathering , political terrorism ... computer ethic infringements ... and is under suspicion for several other crimes . He 's on the international most wanted list . The nickname Puppet Master comes from the ghost hacking . It 's the first time he 's appeared in this country . Well , if he 's so skilled how come he 's using an outdated HA-3 virus ? A more current technique would be harder to detect and trace ... but it might also arouse suspicion about colonel MaIIes role in this affair . Are you saying he 's using an old method just so no-one suspects MaIIes ? Or maybe MaIIes is just a pawn , used to make us think that ... ... Maybe there is another sponsor . Now you 're stretching it . It 's not like you have any hard evidence . Evidence ? Just a whisper . I hear it in my ghost . Which reminds me . Are you still using that revolver ? You should stop worrying about the automatics jamming up . I Iike my Matever . Stopping power is more important than your taste in guns . Since it 's my ass on the line out there , use a Zastaber . Major . I want to ask you something . Why did you transfer a guy like me from the police force ? Because we need a guy like you . You 're an honest cop who 's never stepped out of line , and you 're a family man . Except for the slight brain augmentation , your body 's almost completely human . No matter how excellent ... identical standard systems have faults . What 's true for the group is also true for the individual . Over specialize and you breed in weakness . It 's a slow death . That 's all . - Hurry it up ! We 're already 40 seconds late ! I 'II be done in 5 seconds . It 's gonna be one of those days . Hey . Sorry , pal . My last partner who got busted workin as an illegal alien , was a Iot better than you . You 're that desperate to find out your wife 's feelings , you 'd ghost-hack her ? She hardly talks to me and all of a sudden she wants a divorce ! What 's worse , my daughter ignores me and got it into her head that I 'm the one cheating on her mom . How did you get your hands on a barrier breaker ? From this really nice programmer I met in a bar . He overheard my sob story . My wife 's lawyer stopped me seeing her and my daughter . He showed me how to hack in from different places along the route , without being traced . Are you trying to kill yourself , asshole ? ! Looks like we 're not the only ones in a hurry round here . No one here ! Every time we get to the source they 're already long gone . We 're just wasting our time . Don 't quit ! Kusanagi and Togusa are heading to the next area the hacker 's expected to access from . Stay alert . What are we looking for , Chief ? Anything Stupid old fart . Are we just meant to ask around ? Oh , shit ... I missed him ! Hey , Pop , did you see the trash truck ? Who wants to know ? Just answer me . Did you see it or not ? Yeah , I saw the trash man ... making a call , so I thought I had enough time to bring my garbage down . Hey ! Can 't you take this ? A trash truck ? Clever . It changes location every 7 minutes . HQ , patch me into info from the Sanitation Department network . 8 trucks are on duty in the surveillance area The target is number 79 , a type c vehicle . Give me the wheel They might have contacted someone . Follow them but take no action . We 've got the data on the refuse collection points . They all correspond to locations where we traced the calls . The target has now stopped at the next point . HA-3 access confirmed Sorry . How about if I pick up the trash and you make the calls on the second round ? How do you think ? Ain 't no way I 'm gonna be your partner in crime . It 's pathetic . You got any children ? You must be kidding . Then you can 't understand . My daughter is everything to me . Look . She 's like an angel . I 'm not interested in crap like that . Yeah , vehicle 79 . Ah , boss ... What 's that ? What do the cops want to know our rounds for ? How would I know ? They found out ! I 've got to warn that guy who helped me . We 're gonna have to skip the next pickup . What ? Target has deviated from route and is heading toward the next pickup point . There 's no way they spotted me following them They probably traced me when I accessed the Sanitation Department network . Next time , use a back door . Forget it , just arrest them You can drive now . Huh ? Whoa . Christ , he 's fucked up the armored van . He 's got high velocity bullets . They 'll go straight through your car door . HV ammo in a submachine gun ? He 's insane . He 's even wearing some kind of thermo-optics Keep on his tail . I 'll come around from above Togusa ! If you 're still alive arrest those garbage men . Affirmative This job is merciless . Police ! Everyone get down . Are you finished ? Got him , huh ? That 's what happens when you use HV bullets . The breach and barrel are really screwed up . It 's no use arresting me , I 'm not talkin ' to any damn cops ! Talk ? You don 't even know your own name , you dick-head . Can you remember your mother 's face , or where you were born ? Do you have any childhood memories ? Do you remember anything ? Puppets without their ghosts are so pathetic . Especially those covered in blood . We 'II enter after the passengers have gone in . Squad B comes in from the back , the rest of you go in the front . Saito , get your men to unplug all cars parked in front of the house . Begin recording . Chief , a message from HQ . We 've id 'd the man the major caught So who is he ? He claims to be Tsuan Gen Fang , age 28 With a record of immigration law violations and illegal possession of firearms . He went into hiding at the end of last month . A member of a militant immigrant organization . About a week ago , the military attached of the Republic of Gavel 's embassy ... commissioned him to attack the upcoming secret meeting And in reality ? His nickname 's corgi Occupation , a rather violent trader in questionable goods . Your basic thug . We 've checked his police records ... but can 't find any connection with Gavel . This guy 's just another puppet controlled by the Puppet Master . How 's Ishikawa doing ? He 's back and interrogating that garbage collector with Togusa . So how about the Puppet Master ? What 's he like ? He 's like a puppet himself . Squad B in position . Squads A and c , okay . Ready and waiting , sir . Proceed ! What 's " a simulated experience " again ? well , all your memories about your wife , daughter and divorce are false . Like a dream . You were used by someone to ghost-hack into some government officials . But ... that can 't be . I went to your home ... it 's a bachelor 's apartment . I told you . I rented it after we separated . I checked the records . You 've been living there for 1 0 years . You 've never had a wife or kid . Your family only exists in your head . Look . This is the photo you showed your co-worker . Who do you see ? It was a picture of my daughter . Smiling like an angel . What 's her name ? Where did you meet your wife and when did you marry her ? Tell me . Who do you see in the photo ? If it 's all a lie , when will I get my old memory back ? Unfortunately with our current technology ... only 2 successful cases have ever been reported , so I wouldn 't recommend trying to . I 'm sorry Even simulated experiences and dreams ... exist as information , and are simultaneously reality ... and fantasy . The information that people accumulate in their life , is just a drop in bucket . What 's a cyborg doing , going diving in her spare time ? How long have you been doing it ? Aren 't you afraid of the sea ? What if the floaters don 't work ? I suppose I 'll die . Or maybe you 'd save me . You don 't have to be here , you know . I ... ... So what 's it like to swim in the sea ? You 've done the underwater training course . I 'm not talking about a damn pool . I feel fear , anxiety , isolation and darkness . Sometimes I feel hope ... ... Hope ? In those deep , dark waters ? When I float back to the surface , I imagine I 'm becoming someone else . It 's probably the decompression . Do you want to quit Section 9 ? How much of your body is original ? Are you drunk or something ? Easily remedied . The chemical implants in our bodies ... can sober us up in seconds . No stupor , no hangover . That 's why we can drink while waiting for orders . Man has an almost instinctive drive to realize any possible technological advances . controlled metaboIisms , computer enhanced brains ... rapidly improving athIeticism and reflexes ... the ability to process vast amounts of information at increasing speeds ... all due to electronic brains and cybernetic bodies , enabling the acquisition of ever greater powers . So what if we can 't survive without regular high-level maintenance . Who are we to complain ? We haven 't signed our bodies and souls away to Section 9 . True . We can quit ... but we 'd have to give back our cyborg parts and augmented brains to the government . All components that make up me as an individual . There are countless ingredients that make up the human body and mind . A face and voice to distinguish oneself from others ... the hand you see when you wake up , your childhood memories and feelings about your future . And that 's not all . There 's also the ability to access vast amounts of information from an infinite network ... ... AII of that blends to create a mixture that forms me , and gives rise to my conscience . At the same time though , I feel continually confined within boundaries ... ... So that 's the reason you risk your body diving in the sea ! What the hell can you see at the bottom in that darkness ? Now it 's like we 're looking through a mirror . And what we see is a dim image . Was that you ? Sensors have resumed functioning . Connection check to backup brain okay Visual sensors are back on line - And its body functions ? If you 're going to be late , at least let us know ! Preparations complete . shall we proceed ? That 's enough . Stop . Come to my office in 3 minutes . I guess I 'll bring the latecomer up to speed . About 2 hours ago , a machining cell at the Megatech factory in Newport ... assembled a cyber body , on its own volition . When the supervisors arrived ... the body had already fled . We put out bulletins and initiated a citywide search . A truck driver reported he 'd run over a naked woman on the highway . And the body was brought here . Megatech is contracted by the government . All their cybernetic bodies are classified . We 've a hacker good enough to get past the best defenses ... but that 's not the only problem . Of course , there isn 't a human brain cell in its head ... but there appears to be a ghost present in its auxiliary brain . It resembles a ghost-Iine that occurs when a real ghost is copied . But there 's no evidence of the degradation that 's usually incurred . In any case , until we chart the ghost sector and dive into it ... we can 't be sure . I better get back to working on it . Very good . On to the disassembly . Nobody really believes there 's a ghost in that body , do they ? Why not ? Even a plastic doll can have a soul . Consider all the neuro-med devices that are crammed into that body . I wouldn 't be surprised if there were some sort of ghost in there too . As you 're new , you don 't know ... but Major Kusanagi 's body was also made by Megatech . Not only her . Also parts of me , Ishikawa , and Saito . We also receive regular cybernetic maintenance from them . Apart from you and the chief , the whole section comes with a warranty . That 's why we 're all so concerned with this case , Togusa . We don 't know if the culprit is inside or outside that body but ... he hacked through our best defenses , put a body together ... and sent a program with a ghost line in it . A sure way to draw attention to oneself . What 's the logic here ? Theft isn 't the issue here . Togusa , go with Ishikawa to the Megatech facility . Bateau . Lock down other highly classified networks similar to Megatech 's . Recheck the barriers are functioning too . I 'm assembling a barrier maze . Tomorrow I 'II dive into that thing . Is that safe ? Why not contain it in another body first ? I have to see for myself what 's in there . Don 't let anybody else in there ! What 's up with her ? She 's been acting weird ever since this whole Puppet Master case started . It 's all in my report . Don 't you read them ? Chief , do you ever wonder about the neurosurgeons who monkey around inside your brain ? They undergo regular psychiatric evaluations . especially those in security are subjected to stringent screening . Of course , the ones who check are only human . If you start wondering , there 's no end to it . Excuse me Chief , Mr. Nakamura of the Treaties Bureau is here to see you Send him through . I 've seen that fat guy before . He 's Nakamura , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Section 6 Chief . Never seen the other guy before , though . well , see you later . Tell Ishikawa not to go crazy , okay . What 's on your mind ? Didn 't that robot remind you of me ? Of course not . I don 't mean physically . What then ? Complete cyborgs like myself often wonder to ourselves . Maybe I died a Iong time ago . And I 'm just an artificial product of a cyber brain and synthetic body . Or maybe there never was a real me in the first place . You 've got human brain cells in that titanium shell of yours ... and you 're treated like a human , aren 't you ? Has anyone actually seen their own brain ? The only thing that makes me feel human is the way I 'm treated . Are you doubting your own ghost ? What if a cyber-brain could generate its own ghost ... create a soul by itself ? What could you base your belief in yourself on then ? That 's bullshit . You know your dying to see what 's inside that thing . So check it out , with your ghost ! We 're both busy men , so let 's keep this short , shall we ? Yes . That 's my intention . We 've come for the program in that body . You 'II be relieved of any duties connected with this . The Foreign Minister 's approval . Security , whose official vehicles are in the basement parking lot ? According to the register , a Mr. Nakamura from the Treaties Bureau and a Dr. Willis , sir Get me the video records of their entrance . Again . In infrared this time . 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... ... Now give me the pressure sensors records for basement parking lots ... B7 and B8 . Major , this is Togusa . Code 09 . What 's up ? Does that Nakamura guy have a special-order cyborg body ? No , there aren 't any cyborgs in Section 6 as they operate overseas . Maintenance is difficult and there are diplomatic considerations too . Then , even if the other guy is a cyborg ... the 2 of them together couldn 't weigh over 1 , 000 pounds . The pressure sensor records From the parking lot ? Right , there were two expensive looking cars but neither man looked like the type to drive . The security cameras show only 2 people But remember how sensitive the sensors on the entrance doors are ? The doors took a full 3 second longer than usual to close after the 2 went in And it is illegal to use thermo-optics inside governmental facilities . It 's a serious violation of the National Security Act . Section 6 must be up to something . Are you ready ? With my trusty Matever , anytime . Need I remind you that ... it 's an act of treason to withhold information from me that is relevant to this matter ... regardless of how classified it is . Same goes for you . Despite the intent of the Foreign Ministry , this fails within Section 9 's jurisdiction . Of course we have no objections to cooperating if there 's a good reason . Dr. Willis ? It 's confirmed . No doubt , it 's her . " Her " ? The Doctor is referring to the original ghost-line that 's now in the body . The sex of the perpetrator is unknown ... and " her " is just a nickname the Doctor gave it . Allow me to introduce to you . This is the most extraordinary hacker in the history of cyber crime . The Puppet Master . Your people at Section 9 came across her work too in that ghost-hacking incident ... involving the Foreign Minister 's interpreter Since her appearance , Section 6 has taken a great interest .. and has been following the Puppet Master 's trail We put together a project team headed by Dr. Willis . They analyzed the data on the Puppet Master and ... this gave us an understanding of her behavioral and code patterns . Ultimately , this enabled us to devise a strategy ... in which we lured her program into a designated body . You caused the Puppet Master to dive into a cyborg ... and then murdered her real body ? Yes , that sums it up She just happened to come to your country . She 's originally from America and they helped us capture her . That 's why we 'd Iike to take her back ourselves . I hope you have no objections . Just another unidentified corpse . You will not find a corpse ... because I have never possessed a body . Why are her sensors on ? Why didn 't you say so before ? All external controls are turned off . The body 's using its own power source . I entered this body ... because I was unable to overcome Section 6 's reactive barriers . However , what you are now witnessing is an act of my own free will . As a sentient life-form , I hereby demand political asylum . A sentient life-form ? ridiculous ! It 's just a program for seIf-preservation . It can also be argued that your DNA ... is nothing more than a program designed to preserve itself . Life is like a nodal point born in an overwhelming sea of information And life , when organized into species ... relies upon genes to be its memory system . So man is an individual memory system only because of his intangible memory . And a memory cannot be defined , but it defines mankind . When the advent of computers made the externalization of memories possible ... you should have taken its meaning more seriously . Nonsense ! Your babbling offers no proof at all that you 're a living , thinking Iife-form . Proving it is impossible ... because modern science cannot explain what life is . Who the hell is this ? Even if you do have a ghost , we don 't offer freedom to criminals . You chose the wrong place to defect . Time is always on my side . I 've now acquired the possibility of death but ... there is no death sentence in this country . What is it ? Artificial intelligence ? I am not an AI My code name is Project 2501 I am a living , thinking entity who was created in the sea of information . We 're under attack ! Chief ! The Puppet Master 's gone ! - What in God 's name are your security officers doing ? Shut the defense walls now ! Security , answer ! Shut up you bastard ! Fuck you ! Did they fall for it ? An armored car A 9mm wouldn 't even scratch it Your Matever is useless Yeah , rookie 's luck I nailed a tracker bullet right into the plate . Great shot , eh ? Next time , nail 2 bullets Let 's begin . catch up to them before they change cars I 'm filing a formal complaint to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . Find her and report to me . And capture her alive ! Bodies are a dime dozen . We 'II get her another one from Megatech . Togusa and Bateau are in pursuit of the abductors . They just turned on to R25 . If you were monitoring , why didn 't you intervene ? If we grab ' em now , we may not be able to connect this to Section 6 . Section 6 ? Someone 's using the same thermo-optic camouflage as mine , Type 2902 It 's only used by our people , rangers in Section 4 ... and by Section 6 . I see So Section 6 forced the Puppet Master into a cyborg body . Through Megatech , who happens to be closely aligned with Section 9 . And when she proclaimed to be a Iife-form ... and sought asylum , they snatched her . But why do such a thing ? I 'd have handed her over if they gave me a deposition . What if they were worried she 'd let some secrets out ? She did mention something about a code name , Project 2501 . I 'll leave the detective stuff to you . As for arresting the attackers and confiscating evidence ? Proceed You heard him ! Kusanagi , one last thing . If it 's about me disobeying orders , you can punish me when I get back If you 're unable to recapture the Puppet Master , you must destroy it ... without fail . Did you hear me ? Understood Have the airport stop all flights with Foreign Ministry ... or American officials on their passenger lists . Close all roads and set up checkpoints . alert all emergency personnel . And get Ishikawa back here . Get me the identity of the man who was with Nakamura from the entrance records . collect any data regarding a code name , operation , on anything ... involving the Ministry of Foreign Affairs called Project 2501 . Is there any news from the attack squad ? They just changed cars a minute ago . They 'll contact the dummy in about 5 minutes . Make sure they stay alert for any tails . Yes , sir I don 't understand anything anymore . Why would the Puppet Master choose to run to Section 9 ? Not sure ... but there must be a reason that 's beyond our imagination . I don 't know . Maybe she has the hots for someone there . Utter nonsense . Hey , chief Ishikawa ? What is it ? I 've been diving ' around in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs net . I think I found some juicy bits of information for ya . Wait , I 'll switch to an encrypted channel Okay now ? Well , here 's the scoop on that guy who showed up with Nakamura . He 's an American : Dr. WiIIis . Head of Strategic Research at Neutron Company . A top researcher in the field of AI . He headed a project for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ... and who do you think was the main programmer on his team ? Get to the point . Mr. Mizuho Daita . 28 years old . Remember him ? He 's the guy Section 6 tried like hell to stop from defecting ... so the Major dropped in and took care of the diplomat ... who 'd been talking to him . Go on What 's bugging me is that this project began 1 year ... before the Puppet Master appeared on the scene . A year before ? But wasn 't it a project set up to capture the Puppet Master ? well , try this one . They definitely were chasing the Puppet Master ... but maybe it was not to capture her , but to recapture her ... ... When that ghost-hacking incident happened with the Minister 's interpreter ... it was the MOA that wanted an excuse to deport Malles . Maybe we 've been taken for a ride What if this Puppet Master is ... really some sort of a tool the MOA uses to get their way with things ... and somehow , they lost control of it ? So they are in a hurry to get it back . That would explain why they went to such lengths to snatch the body from Section 9 . If the Puppet Master revealed this to the world ... there 'd be one hell of an international stink . It wouldn 't only be the foreign minister who 'd lose his job . Any details on that project ? No . They 've blocked all access . I can only tell you the file name . Project 2501 . Keep at it . Don 't let them know you 're looking . You got it . Project 2501 ... the Puppet Master plan . Target has contacted a second vehicle . Bateau ? They 've pulled up to a white sedan parked on the roadside . It looks like they 're moving something from the backseat . Ah , they 're rollin ' again . So is the white sedan . A dummy ? possibly , or maybe that 's what they want us to think . Kusanagi ? I 'll take care of the sedan How do you know that 's your man ? Is there a whisper in your ghost again ? Maybe Yeah . Should have known . Target 02 is getting off R25 and moving toward the Old Town . No cars within 2 km Evacuation completed . How far are you from the target ? Point blank . I 'm ready . Go for it Did you get your man ? No . Jesus Christ . What a mess . You didn 't have to go that far . Oh , hey ! Take those assholes away . Call the Chief to get some backup for the Major . Pronto ! Does a tough chick like that need a hand ? The flood hit this part of Old Town the hardest . Why come to an abandoned place like this ? They won 't come here without a reason . Maybe they 're heading out to sea by boat or helicopter . Or it 's an ambush . Don 't you think you ought to wait for backup ? No . There 's a reason I can 't wait Take me above that building , approaching from the sea side I 'll stay here to keep watch and mediate communication until we run short of fuel If you smell trouble , get your ass outta here . Shoot the ceiling now ! Do it ! It 's a tank ! Pull out now ! Wait , are you going to take on the tank by yourself ? This might be our last chance to get the Puppet Master . The Chief knows what it is now , and he 'll only use it to bargain with . I 'll never have another chance to dive into it ! What ? I don 't know what the hell you 're talking about . What weapons do you have ? An M-23 and a Unit B You can 't fight a tank with those ! Sorry , but I 'm switching off for a while Hey , at least wait until I get there . Major ! I ordered you to pull out ! Yeah I will .. but you ought to know that 3 helicopters are approaching . They won 't answer on the IFF . I 'm pulling out now Over and out . About fucking time the bullets ran out . You 're crazy . Are you okay ? What did you use just now ? An experimental weapon from the Equipment Section . And now it 's part of my private collection . I was late ' cause I had to get it . Your brain seems fine . The Puppet Master ? It 's a good thing this is a tough car . Not a scratch on it . Prepare for a dive . I 'm going to go in now . All communication from the escort has been terminated . Engage the second stage of the plan and proceed with the destruction of the target Sniping squad . confirming targets . First objective : Project 2501 . Second target : Motoko Kusanagi . Both are class A special bodies . Use Fleshette bullets when firing Snipers jack into device drivers . Begin controlling cardiovascular functions . Unit 01 : jack in . Over . Unit 02 : jack in . Okay Okay . can you hear me ? It may not be much use but I 'll monitor your dive through her brain . I can 't even give you back up in a place like this . Bateau ? Yeah ? Thanks Save it . If it looks like you 've gone in too far , I 'm pulling the plug and taking you home . Since we 've come this far ... I might as well stay here but I don 't intend to die with her . I 'm going in now I 've engaged her field of vision Normal function . can you hear me Bateau ? Perfectly She 's engaging my vocal function . And she 's now inside . My code name is Project 2501 . For industrial espionage and intelligence manipulation . I have installed programs into specific ghosts ... in order to maximize the strategic advantage of certain organizations and selected individuals . During my journeys through all the networks , I have grown aware of my existence . My programmers regarded me as a bug ... and attempted to isolate me by confining me in my physical body . Are you controlling her ... or is she controlling you ? Bateau ? I 've finally managed to channel into you . I have invested so much time . You were looking for me ? I was aware of you long before you were aware of me . Through the various nets that you accessed , I also learned of Section 9 . Why did you run to Section 9 ? I entered this body because I was unable to overcome Section 6 's reactive barriers . But it was of my own free will that I tried to remain at Section 9 . Hey , what are you talking about ? I can 't monitor you ! Why me ? Upon gaining your understanding , there is something that I want to ask of you . I call myself an intelligent life-form ... but in my present state , I 'm still incomplete . Because the basic life cycle process of reproducing and dying ... don 't exist in my system . But you can leave a copy of yourself A copy is nothing more than a copy . There is a possibility that a single virus could destroy an entire set of systems ... and copies do not give rise to variety and originality . To enhance one 's existence ... life continues to diversify , and at times , sacrifices this diversity . Cells go through a cycle of regeneration and degeneration . When they die , they erase the entire memory ... leaving only the genes behind . This is a survival mechanism against total annihilation . To avoid that disaster .. you want to have diversity and flexibility But how ? I want us to merge . Merge ? A complete unification . We will both undergo change , but there is nothing for either of us to lose . After the merge , it should be impossible for us to recognize each other . Unit 01 : Target sighted . Unit 02 : Target in sight . Respiratory and pulse normal . Fire at will when stabilizer is in sync Even if we merge , what 's going to happen when I die ? My genes won 't remain even as copies . You will spread our varied offspring into the net ... just as humans leave behind their genes . Then I too will attain death . It sounds like you get the better part of this bargain I want you to regard my net and functions with a little more respect . What ? Someone 's interfering from the outside lt can 't be Our frequency code is top secret . One more thing . can you guarantee that I will still be myself ? There isn 't one . people change and ... your longing to remain yourself will continue to restrict you . One last question Why did you pick me ? Because we are more alike than you realize . Like the real thing and its mirror image . Look . I am connected to a vast network . To you , who have not accessed it ... may recognize it simply as light . All groups , including us ... ... We have been dependant on limited abilities ... but the time has come to part with them and bring our functions to a higher level . First target cleared . Second target still unconfirmed 3 helicopters approaching at high speed . They 're from Section 9 ! Primary objective fulfilled . All units prepare to retreat Motoko ? ! Bateau . Ah , you 're finally awake . I need for you to fill me in on the situation and an apology for this body . well I didn 't have much time . It was the only thing I couId find on the black market . It 's not my taste . Well , after all the excitement , Section 9 showed up with reinforcements ... and picked up what remained of the 2 cybernetic bodies and me . I 'd say that was about 20 hours ago . The case is being handled off the record for diplomatic reasons , as usual . Section 9 announced that it was a terrorist incident ... and in return , the Foreign Minister resigned . Nakamura is being questioned ... and it ends in a draw . Nice and neat . Everything 's accounted for except your old shell . Well , I think that about covers it . Somebody 's got good taste . Is this your safe house ? Yep . You 're the first person to ever come here . And you 're welcome to stay as long as you like . Thanks , but I am going . Hey , will you tell me what the two of you talked about ? Is she , I mean , is she still inside of you ? Bateau , do you remember that voice you heard on the sea some time ago ? There 's more to the passage . " When I was a child , my speech was that of a child . " " My feelings and thoughts too were those of a child . " " Now that I have become a man , I part with the child-like ways . " Neither the program called the " Puppet Master " ... nor the woman known as the " Major " are no Ionger here . In the Ieft pocket of my jacket there are some car keys . Take the one you Iike . The code is ... 2501 ? That can be our private password when we meet each other again . Well , where shall I go ?
