 Four of Twelve , Subjunction of Unimatrix 525 . You have a disease . You 're one of many with this sickness . We want to cure you . But we need a better way to identify those with the mutation . Our testing method is too slow . It could take centuries to identify everyone . Help me find the interlink frequency that binds all of you together . Then we can put an end to this , quickly , efficiently . Comply . I 've disconnected you from the hive mind . You 're alone . I know how uncomfortable that can be . Tell me what I want to know , then you can rejoin us . I ... don 't ... know . You must remember something . I don 't ... remember . The frequency . I don 't remember ! Deactivate him . Wait . Dismantle him . Bring me his cortical array . That reminds me of the time my mother caught me feeding lerraberries to my younger brother . What 's a lerraberry ? We 'll save that for next time . Until then . Annika . Another milestone . You 've had your first dream . I felt awake . Dreams can often seem quite real . Tell me more about this forest . It was ... familiar . Perhaps your unconscious mind was drawing on a childhood memory . I spoke to someone . He called me by my human name . Did you recognize him ? He seemed ... familiar . This could give us a fascinating glimpse into your unconscious mind . Any one of those images might have a symbolic meaning . The mysterious stranger , for example - - is he a father figure , or does he represent a repressed desire for male companionship ? I don 't wish to dream again . Please repair my cortical array . This isn 't a malfunction , Seven . It 's a natural step in your human development . It might seem unsettling now , but you 'll get used to it . Before you know it , you 'll look forward to climbing into your alcove each night . This will keep a record of your REM cycles . You 're late , Mr. Paris . Ma 'am ? According to the ship 's chronometer , by 22 seconds . I 'll make it up at the end of my shift . See that you do . Take your station . Open it . That 's an order . Not only late but improperly dressed . That belongs on your collar , Mr. Paris . Allow me . As ship 's Captain , I hereby reinstate you to the rank of Lieutenant , with all the privileges and responsibilities therein . Your performance on this ship over the past year has been exemplary . I expect more of the same . You won 't be disappointed . Congratulations ... Lieutenant . I didn 't notice a little box on my chair . Hiding a cake in the console ? Looks like a distress call . Put it through . I 'm getting a carrier wave , but no message . Origin ? An asteroid , approximately two light - years from here . Yellow Alert . Set a course . We 're in range . Drop to impulse . On screen . Magnify . I am reading artificial structures . It 's a colony of some kind . Open a channel . This is Captain Janeway of the Starship Voyager . We 've received your distress call . Life signs ? None . I 'm detecting residual weapons signatures . They 're Borg . Any vessels ? One . A cube at the edge of this system . Resume our previous course , Mr. Paris . Warp 6 . Make a note in the ship 's record : We responded to a distress call at 0900 hours , arrived at the colony two hours later . No survivors . We don 't know who these people were , but we know the Borg destroyed them . Come with me . I 'm regenerating . This is only a dream . You 're not dreaming . I brought you here . This is Unimatrix Zero . There is no Unimatrix Zero . Who are you ? Five of Twelve - - Secondary Adjunct of Trimatrix 942 . But when I 'm here , my name is Axum . Axum . Sound familiar ? Yes . Good. lt 's starting to come back to you . is anyone here ? Hello . I think I 'm lost . I 'm Axum . This is Annika . My father 's ship started shaking . Men came aboard . They looked like machines . Will you help me find my father ? I 'll see what I can do . There are other children here . Would you like to meet them ? I just got here , too . This environment is intimidating , but I believe it 's safe . He was just assimilated . He 's probably still in a maturation chamber . Are you telling me this isn 't a real place ? It 's some kind of virtual construct ? We come here during our regeneration cycles . We can exist as individuals here . Unimatrix Zero . You used to come here , before you escaped the collective . You have the recessive mutation , too . Don 't you remember any of it ? No . What mutation ? Only one out of a million drones has it . Why did you bring me here now ? The collective has found a way to detect us . It 's a lengthy procedure , but they 've managed to identify and deactivate nearly 200 of us over the last few months . It 's only a matter of time before they find enough of us to isolate the interlink frequency . Once they 've done that ... You can help us stop them . Clarify . We 've designed a nanovirus that should mask the biochemical signature of the mutation , but we need someone to release it into the collective . You 're already on a Borg vessel . Why don 't you do it ? When we 've completed our regeneration cycles , we have no memory of this place . But you 're not a part of the collective anymore . You 're our only connection to the real world . Scan the node for residual harmonics . It 's a shame you 're not alive to experience disembodiment . It 's the epitome of perfection . Give it to me . We have isolated the carrier band , but it 's useless to us without the precise frequency . We need additional data . Two more of the mutations have been discovered in Spatial Grid 649 . Have their cortical nodes removed and analyzed . Bring me the results . Unimatrix Zero is our sanctuary . When we 're here , our thoughts are our own . What was my function ? You 're thinking like a Borg . Our only function here is to try and regain a fragment of the lives we lost when we were assimilated . Mr. Axum ? Go introduce yourself . They won 't mind . Hello . - Do you want to play ? - Sure . Siral . Over here . - Ah . - l was hoping you 'd come . It 's great to see you . It 's always good to be back . I want to introduce ... I remember him . You were friends . You knew a lot of people here . You were part of our lives for 18 years . I 'm willing to help ... but I can 't do it alone . I 'm part of a starship crew now . I 'll have to inform my Captain . I told you not to bring her here . We can 't do this by ourselves . It 's too great a risk . We don 't have a choice . You do not speak for all of us ! What would you rather do ? Have us wait until we 're all discovered ? You disappoint me . Where 's your warrior spirit ? pahtk ! I 'll rip your heart out . Go ahead . Kill me . I 'll be back when I begin my next regeneration cycle . You can 't stop me , Korok . If you come here again ... you 'll be putting your starship at risk and all of us as well . Shouldn 't you be off sharpening your teeth ? I know you . Your name is Laura . You 're human . I was assimilated at Wolf 359 . It 's good to see you again . But you look out of place . Your cybernetic implants ... Our Doctor was unable to remove all of my Borg components . You don 't have to look that way here . My appearance is irrelevant . No , it 's not . They may have turned us into drones , but they can 't change the essence of who we are . My cycle is about to end . Talk to your Captain . We can 't do this without ... Another round with the Borg ? We 'd only need to infiltrate a single vessel . Oh . Just one ? I am prepared to take a shuttle and do this alone . No offense , but how do you know that this wasn 't some kind of a dream ? Seven was wearing a cortical monitor . She never reached REM sleep . She wasn 't dreaming . Unimatrix Zero is real , and so are the people who go there . They need our help . What else can you tell us about this place ? How many drones ? No one is certain . Axum told me there could be tens of ... Axum ? He 's ... someone I used to know . He told me there could be tens of thousands , perhaps more . How was it created ? Some of them believe it began as a random malfunction during the assimilation of a single drone and eventually spread to the others . Well , this is all very interesting , but are we sure it 's worth putting our lives on the line ? It 's my understanding that when we receive a distress call , we respond - - Starfleet protocols . She 's right . This is no different . I understand your reluctance , but Seven 's discovered a potential weakness in the collective . Before we decide how to proceed , I 'd like to learn as much about it as we can . Too bad you don 't have the luxury of an interlink node . There is another possibility . A Vulcan technique known as " the bridging of minds . " Go on . I would need to initiate a mind - meld with both you and Seven , acting as a telepathic conduit . You make it sound like a conference call . Captain , it is my professional opinion that we wait until ... Objection noted . I think you 'll be turning in early tonight . Stay at Yellow Alert . Maintain long - range scans for Borg vessels . Any sign of trouble , you know where to find me . This will be one away mission for the record books . Mind - melds . The last time I heard the words " my mind to your mind , " I had a headache for two weeks . I 'm willing to volunteer if you 'd rather hold down the fort . I appreciate your trying to protect me , but a chance to see this place ... it 's worth a headache . How many times have you actually performed this " bridging of heads " ? " Minds . " Never . Then how can you be certain it 'll work ? Nothing is certain , Doctor . However , I once observed a Vulcan master perform the technique . I am reasonably confident I can duplicate his success . Watching and doing are two different things . As always , your logic is impeccable . What a comfort . We 're ready , Captain . Let 's do it . As the conduit , I 'll be aware of both your perceptions . If something goes wrong , I 'll break the meld . Understood . Your minds to my mind . Your thoughts to my thoughts . Your minds to my mind . Your thoughts to my thoughts . Welcome to Unimatrix Zero . Seven ? Annika . That 's what I 'm called here . Drones ? Come on , let 's find Axum . We 're close . I can almost hear them . Bring us closer . There . Amplify . Disrupt the frequency . It 's not working . They 're using a triaxialating modulation . You 're making this very difficult . If we can 't terminate their link ... then we 'll simply have to pay them a visit . You can see why we want to protect this place . We 're prepared to help you , but I 'm concerned that we 'd only be putting off the inevitable . Even if we succeeded , and you could remain hidden for a year , ten years , the Borg would eventually find you again . Have you ever considered a more permanent solution ? More permanent ? You 've got a remarkable sanctuary here , but that 's all it is . Maybe it 's time to stop hiding and find a way to fight back . That 's not possible . If you could find a way to carry your individualities into the real world - - to wake up from your regeneration cycles with your memories intact - - you could begin to undermine the Borg 's control over you . That sounds like you 're suggesting a civil war . I 'd prefer to call it ... a resistance movement . That 's very ambitious , Captain , but we can 't retain our memories . Not yet , but we know a good deal about Borg technology . Maybe we could ... We 've found another . Spatial Grid 326 . Cube 1 184 . Continue . Welcome back . Spatial Grid 982 . Cube 461 . No . Janeway . How 's your headache ? I 'm guessing it didn 't go well . Let 's just say we ran into a little trouble . Have a seat , Commander . I prefer to stand . The collective 's found a way to infiltrate Unimatrix Zero . It won 't be long before they learn enough to destroy it from the inside out . I plan to stop them . What have you got in mind ? The people there are vulnerable . They don 't have the ability to take action in the real world . We 're going to give them that ability . How ? The Doctor and B 'Elanna are working on it . I know what you 're thinking . We 'd be violating half a dozen Starfleet protocols , and if the collective ever learned we were involved , we 'd be putting Voyager in the middle of a civil war . Valid objections . Chakotay ... we 've had our disagreements , and there have been times when I 've chosen to proceed without your support . But this can 't be one of those times . I won 't do this without my First Officer . The way I see it , risking the safety of Voyager is a small price to pay . If we help these people , this could be the turning point in our battle against the Borg . I 'm glad we agree , because I almost talked myself out of it . Somehow , I don 't think you were ever in danger of doing that . You 'll inform the crew ? This is the nanovirus Axum designed to prevent the Borg from detecting those with the genetic mutation , but I 've modified it to nullify their cortical inhibitors instead . Once they 're infected , they should retain their memories of Unimatrix Zero after they leave their alcoves . Does that mean they 'll be able to function as individuals ? Stand up to the collective ? There 's no way to tell . This is highly experimental . How do we deploy it ? Correct me if I 'm wrong , but each Borg vessel has a device that links it to every other Borg ship . The central plexus . If we can gain access to one of those and release the virus there , it should be transmitted throughout the collective ... instantly . Any Borg activity in the region ? They just dropped out of transwarp 3.6 light - years from here . This is a class - 4 tactical vessel , heavily armed . The central plexus is protected by multiregenerative security grids . We 'd be detected long before we could reach it . Meet me in Engineering . We 're going to find a way in . Prepare the virus . Aye , Captain . I think it 's time for you to take another nap . Pay a visit to Unimatrix Zero . Tell our friends we haven 't forgotten them . I couldn 't help but notice you were a little different in Unimatrix Zero , and I don 't mean your lack of Borg implants . You seemed more ... Human . If you don 't mind my saying so , it suited you . I 've been told I spent a great deal of time there , but since I don 't remember Unimatrix Zero any more than I remember Earth , it 's irrelevant . To you , maybe , but if what I saw was any indication , Annika would disagree . The Klingons have banded together , and they 're giving bat 'leths to anybody who can handle one . Hirogen hunters are moving through the forest , targeting drones , but we 're losing people every hour . Captain Janeway intends to keep her promise . This isn 't your battle . You don 't owe us anything . Voyager won 't abandon you . A gift from Korok . Takes some getting used to . I 'm sure you 'll adapt . 1 1 more drones . 300 meters . Sorry . That felt ... familiar - - our touching . I told you , we were friends . Elaborate . Now is not the best time . We were more than friends ... weren 't we ? Why didn 't you tell me ? You 'd forgotten . It wasn 't my place . How long ? Six years . Only while we were regenerating . A very memorable six years . For me , anyway . I should return to Voyager . Annika ... My name is Seven of Nine . Can 't we find another Borg ship ? A sphere , maybe ? Something less imposing ? I rechecked long - range sensors . There 's nothing . This is our target . You 'll keep a transporter lock on me . Once I make it to the central plexus and release the virus , you can beam me back . In how many pieces ? It 's ridiculous ! Agreed . I should go . I 'm the only one with experience . You 're our only connection to Unimatrix Zero . You 're needed here . It was my decision to help these people . This is my responsibility . Starfleet Tactical Directive 36 : " The Captain will not engage a hostile force without the protection of a security officer . " The probability of success is greater if there are two of us . Make that three . If you 're going to pull this off , you 'll need an engineer in there . B 'Elanna ... Tactical Directive 36 - A. There is no Directive 36 - A. There is now . I appreciate the offer , but if that cube attacks Voyager , you 'll be needed here . Now you have your orders . Set a course , Mr. Paris . Remember when I said I didn 't have any objections ? Can 't this wait till I get back ? I realize I 'm not going to talk you out of this , but I 'll be damned if you 're going in there alone . We 've got a lot of work to do , Commander . You said you wanted my support . Then take Tuvok and B 'Elanna with you . And if I don 't ? I may only be First Officer , but I still pull a few strings around here . The Doctor could be persuaded to question your medical fitness . I was hoping for your unconditional support . This is the best I can do . Tell them to pack light . Janeway to Bridge . Report . Someone 's trying to tap into the main computer . Source ? It 's some kind of transwarp signal . It 's activating the com system . Captain ... I think it 's for you . Captain . It 's been a long time . How are things in the collective ? Perfect ... for the most part . Voyager ? Never better . I understand you 've established contact with Starfleet . Perhaps you 'll be getting home sooner than you expected . Perhaps . We could help you . How so ? Transwarp technology . You 'd find that we can be quite accommodating ... but we 'd expect the same in return . I 'm not sure I know what you mean . You know exactly what I mean . Tend to your own crew . Stay away from things that don 't concern you . I 'm afraid I can 't do that , but thanks for the offer . I won 't be as accommodating next time . Reconsider . I 'm sorry . We 'll see you soon , Harry . What does she mean by that ? Why this stab at diplomacy ? She 's trying to find out what we 're up to . She 's worried . Have B 'Elanna and Tuvok meet me in Sick Bay . Watch the starboard plasma injectors . They tend to run a little hot at high impulse . I 'll keep an eye on it . And the warp matrix is out of alignment . By .3 microns . Since when are you so meticulous ? Since you volunteered for this insane mission . You know ... I could sabotage the helm . You 'd never make it out the launch doors . And I 'd have to put you on report . You might lose that new pip of yours . It 'd be a small price to pay . We 're in visual range . On screen . Magnify . Torres to Bridge . Go ahead . The Delta Flyer is ready for launch . On my way . Guess I 'd better be going , huh ? Anything you 'd like done around here while you 're gone ? Gravity plating recalibrated , carpets cleaned ? Surprise me . You have the Bridge . You need to prepare the others . When they leave their alcoves , they may be startled , disoriented . But they have to behave like drones , or we could all be exposed . Our ships are scattered across the galaxy . Most of us will be the only drone on board who knows about this place . She 's right . What can we hope to achieve ? We should each gather as much tactical data as we can - - what kind of ship we 're on , its armaments , location . Then we 'll coordinate our efforts from here . If all goes well , we 'll be working very closely together . As colleagues . Nothing more . Our previous ... friendship ... Yes ? It 's irrelevant . " irrelevant . " Well , now that I 'll be able to retain my memory , I 'll keep that in mind . Report ! Direct hit to their shield emitters ! No damage ! lncrease phaser yield . Where 's the Flyer ? They 're approaching . Heading 017 mark 3 . Status ? Voyager has sustained damage , but they are continuing their assault . Come on , Chakotay . One of the cube 's shield grids is fluctuating - - ventral axis , secondary emitter . Cut primary power . Thrusters only . Tactical Cube 138 is under attack . Our forward shields are down ! The Flyer . They 're closing . 50 kilometers . Maintain fire . 30 kilometers . Twenty . They 're in range . Enhance Grid 61 19 . Captain ... I expected something more cunning from you . It 's time . Their ventral shield grid ? Still fluctuating at a rate of .06 terahertz . Align our transporters to match . Aye . They 've detected them . They 're inside . Direct hit to the port nacelle ! We 're venting plasma ! Should I back off ? No . We need to stay close . They 've adapted . Hull breach ! Deck 1 1 ! Aah ! They 're targeting our warp core . No change yet . We 'll have to take the long way around . Tuvok . Their life signs are destabilizing . So far , so good . You can take us out of here now , Tom .
