 Jake Foley was an ordinary guy until a freak accident transformed him into the world 's first computer-enhanced man . Millions of microscopic computers interface with his biochemistry and make him stronger and faster , able to see and hear farther than normal men . They give him the power to control technology with his brain . Jake Foley - America 's secret weapon . He takes on missions no ordinary agent can perform . He is the ultimate human upgrade . Just , um ... get me the undersecretary , okay ? You do that , and nobody else gets hurt . That 's not going to happen until you start giving me some hostages . No , don 't play diplomat with me . I 've been working in this office for over ten years , and I am tired of being lied to by the government . There 's another door to that office . Looks like it was patched over . If I can get into the office - next to it , I can take him out . - You 're not going to take anyone out . The snipers will be in place in three minutes . We could all be dead in three minutes . I 'm warning you - I 'm not feeling very patient today . Get me the undersecretary , or somebody 's going to lose a life . - Kyle ! - No ! Sal , that 's not gonna happen until you start showing some good faith . Okay , you give me what I need ... I 'll give you what you need . Month after month I bled for this lying , double-dealing government . He did it . You 're welcome . Did I or did I not give you a specific order ? - Yeah , but ... - You think you 're something special - because you 've got powers ? - No ... Well , I 've got news for you - you 're not . You wait for backup and you follow orders just like everyone else . It 's called discipline , and it saves lives . - That 's all I was trying to do . - Oh , yeah ? Did you know the wall would break that easy ? That his assault rifle didn 't have a hair trigger ? That he didn 't have explosives hidden on his person ? Jake , you 've been enhanced . You can do some pretty spectacular things , but that 's not what this job is really all about , and if you don 't learn that , somebody 's going to get hurt . I didn 't go through channels , General . I figured you 'd want to know immediately , and I didn 't want to waste any time . You did the right thing . Open the vault . Sir , I have been sole custodian to the Hades 13 tactical mini nukes for six months . Not once on my watch has there been a defeat , a glitch or any discernible violation of security . Just show me what 's wrong - What are you doing ? - Just watch the countdown , sir . Disengage that explosive . I 'm requesting that The General observe the countdown . And I 'm giving you a direct order . Disengage that explosive . Now ! What just happened ? It 's a decoy , sir . Somebody stole one of my nukes ? Jake and his nanites may be the center of this unit , but he 's got a serious discipline problem . Are we talking about a phase or something more permanent ? Oh , permanent enough if he gets himself or someone else killed . Apparently , there 's no " we " in nanites . Well , I 'm not surprised . A few months of NSA field work is no cure for a childhood full of James Bond movies . Well , I think we better find a cure . There 's someone you need to meet . General Freewald . Tank Buster . It 's been awhile . I served with The General in the first gulf war . Your boss was the best helicopter driver in the force . And absolutely lethal with a rocket launcher . Agent Kyle Duarte . You trust this man ? Hoo-ah . Agent Duarte . Well , Tank Buster , the day has finally come - I 'm actually glad you traded in your Blackhawk for a desk at the NSA . - Well , that makes me nervous . - And well it should . Fort McClelland serves as a repository for our arsenal of Hades 13 tactical mini nukes . - What happened ? - Stolen . One of your nukes is missing ? Fort McClelland is 100 % secure . Nothing happens there I don 't know about . That leaves only one explanation - One of the members of the wolf pack stationed at my base has turned traitor . Traitor ? In the wolf pack ? Aren 't they the most elite in special ops ? Well , that 's the official story . What they are is a semi-autonomous black ops squad . They do things the U.S. Government really isn 't supposed to . We give them a job , the wolf pack gets it done . No questions asked . And a member of this team has a Hades 13 . Have you alerted CID ? CID is a joke . So is JAG . I give them a call , they send me two nitwits in khakis to stumble over every obstacle on the base . This job needs to be done covertly . Any indication that we know the weapon is missing , and our traitor vanishes . I know how they think . I used to be a member of the wolf pack . Before I turned sane . You want this thing done , you 'll have to do it my way . I 'll mobilize every asset I have around the world to find this device , but I will need to put someone on the inside . I 'm already with you . The wolf pack is expecting a new recruit . I 've delayed his arrival . That leaves an opening for your man . There 's only one catch . These men operate at the highest standard of strength , endurance and agility . Your agent is going to have to pass muster or he will be made . I believe I 've got your man . You did say he could use some discipline . - Jake . - Yeah . - Jake . - Hmm ? No . The body is a temple - even a nanite-enhanced one . - Can I ask you something ? - Yeah . Am I acting like I 'm too good to follow orders like everyone else ? It 's true ? I 'm becoming THAT guy ? No , but ... I 'm still glad that Kyle read you the riot act . Why , because you like to see me humiliated ? Because I 'd like to see you alive , Jake . You know , I bet he told Lou ... " Jake 's grandstanding . " " Jake 's chewing gum . Jake ... " Has a new mission . Get up to speed . So you want me to join the Wolf Pack . Great mission . Really . There 's just one small thing , and it 's not that I think I 'm special or anything , it 's just that , well ... Uh ... I don 't really do well with teams or packs . Especially in uniform . Jocks , frat guys , marching bands . They eat people like me for breakfast . Are you done ? You 're going to learn to become a soldier . I have someone standing by to train you . Yeah ? Who 's the Yoda-like miracle worker that 's going to make that happen ? Well , Timmy 's not going to be playing the violin any time soon . That is the most pathetic field kill I have ever seen . You will never leave your weapon in , on , or around the enemy . - Do we understand each other ? ! - Yes , ma 'am . For the last time , Jake , the correct answer is ' hoo-ah ' . 'Hoo-ah ' means ' yes ' , 'thank you ' , ' please ' , 'pass the ammo ' , ' praise the Lord ' . Do you understand ? When in doubt - hoo-ah ! Hoo-ah ! You don 't have to yell it all the time , okay ? Now if anybody asks you about your past missions , or people you 've served with , you go no further than ' hoo-ah ' . These men aren 't going to trust you until they 've tested you , Jake . And even then you 're not going to sit around talking about your feelings . And don 't worry - I 'm not going to open up to these psychopaths . They 're not psychopaths , Jake . These men are highly competent , connected and skilled soldiers . They don 't have to salute . They don 't have to wear their hair or uniforms regulation . And they don 't have a problem operating in a morally gray area . So how come you never joined the wolf pack ? They don 't take women . The NSA does . So are you ready to do this ? Sure . I mean , hoo-ah . - Hit me . - What ? Hit me ! Hope you don 't have any plans for tonight . Let 's go , soldier , move it , move it , move it . Let 's pick up the pace . We 've got some time to keep here . Come on , soldier , you 're moving like pond water ! Move it ! Move it ! Sergeant first class Mitchell Gant , wolf pack . Do you need to see my papers , or ... ? - Uh , sergeant , we 're not the wolf ... - Hoo-ah ! they are . Company , clear the square ! Hey , man . How ya doing ? Captain Hartman ? Yeah , yeah , yeah , at ease . You must be Gant . Nice knowing you . - Got some papers for me ? - Uh , yes , sir . Cool . Why in the name of hell are you giving me up as your commanding officer ? You ever salute me in the open again and I will exsanguinate you , understood ? - Yes , sir . - Don 't you " sir " me . You want me dead ? Is that what you want , huh ? Get up and answer me . The pack is your mother , and the pack is your father , kid . From now on , everything that you need you will get from us . That is , of course , if you can manage to cut it here for more than 30 seconds . Think you can do that ? Think you got what it takes ? Hoo-ah . Drills are up . Move out ! Welcome to hell . I want every dealer and informant in the world arms market tracked down and interrogated . If Hades 13 is in play , I want to know who , where and how . You are also to put all of our field agents monitoring the sale of nuclear equipment on high alert . If anyone buys a radiac meter anywhere in the world , I want someone with NSA creds standing by to ask why . - Understood ? - Yes , ma 'am . Good . You know the drill . In god we trust , all others we monitor . I have a special mission for you . Let 's go ! Keep up ! Move your ass ! Move it ! Hoo-ah . Get him over that wall . Sixty-two ! Sixty-three ! Sixty-four ! Sixty-five ! Sixty-six ! Sixty-seven , sixty-eight sixty-nine , seventy seventy-one , seventy-two seventy-three , seventy-four Well , I guess you could describe it as summer camp ... ten-mile runs ... I 've never been this tired in my entire life . Hey , the nanites aren 't going to burn out or anything , are they ? No . No , they 're-they 're doing fine . Oh , good . What about you ? Are you scared ? I don 't know what I am . These guys are crazy , but ... I think they may be starting to respect me . Oh , crap . I 'm late , I got to get back to the barracks . Bye Gant ! That 's some fine work out there today , my friend . You 're the man , Gant . Sierra Hotel , all the way . Hey . Thanks . USDA choice , hard ass . You 're going to do us proud . Thanks , man . You impressed every man in this unit . Thank you . You 're welcome . Good night . Good night . Stop the car . You 're lucky you weren 't on an actual mission , Agent Foley . If the wolf pack thought you were slowing them down in battle , they 'd just pop a slug in your kneecap . Well , I guess lucky in your world mean being tortured all night by a bunch of jingoistic mesomorphs . Sir . I trust Louise Beckett with my life . I hope that trust hasn 't been misplaced . You and me both . Louise Beckett is not someone you let down without serious consequence . You know how she got the name Tank Buster ? Let me guess - she blew up a bunch of tanks in the gulf . Tank was a man . Piloted a Black Hawk in your boss ' outfit and had no end of crap to give her about being black , being female , being attractive . You name it , he had a slur . And Beckett put up with everything , until tank bugged out on a hostile encounter a little faster than he should have . Left Beckett all alone to weather the fire storm . But one night , tank went to the CO , begged to be taken off the flight rotation , confessed he acted in a cowardly fashion and spent the rest of the war behind a desk . And he never said a mean thing about anybody ever again . What 'd she do to him ? Nobody knows . That 's why I 'm warning you . Don 't give Louise Beckett a reason to dislike you . Someone here to see you . So , you 're undercover , too . None of our intelligence assets can place Hades 13 in the arms market . Our informants in the terrorist underground have nothing , so the most plausible scenario right now ... Is that the weapon 's still on the base . - You have to find it . - How ? The wolf pack carry field laptops . Traitor may have used his to uplink with someone about the bomb . Now , you have to go through the wolf pack 's duffel , interface with their gear and copy down their communications logs . Okay , am I going to do that before or after the monkeys fly out of my butt ? Kyle ... don 't send me back in with those guys . If the Hades 13 in detonated , a lot of people are going to die . Jake , there are no half measures on this one . You have to find the discipline and commitment to take this all the way . - Is that an order ? - Yes . All right . I need some nerve gas and a funnel . I don 't know , but I 've been told ... I don 't know , but I 've been told ... Wolf pack men don 't sing no songs ! Wolf pack men don 't sing no songs ! Oh , the little crap hound ! Wolf pack men is where it hurts ! Wolf pack men is where it hurts ! Shut your hole and ... That the worst your little sorority bitches could come up with ? What kind of mongolian goat manure in your skull made you think I 'd follow a woman like you into battle , huh ? Get my eat tool . Who in the name of sweet god almighty put all these holes around my barracks ? Someone could trip and fall into one of these . That 's just plain unacceptable . Listen to me , you little ass clown . You listen to me good . I want each and every one of these holes off my base by sun up , or you will suffer the kind of pain you only ever hear tell of . Hoo-ah . Hoo-ah . Lights out in five minutes ! What ? Nothing . You clocked your CO , and instead of beating the snot out of you , - he made you dig holes ? - Yeah . It 's supposed to impress upon me the fact that I 'm so retarded , I don 't even merit army-grade punishment . As you can see , the shame is unbearable . Yeah . Well , that 's the last of them . I 'll upload the data to Lou from the main complex . - Mm-hmm . - This was clever , Jake . But that nerve gas is going to wear off real soon . There 's still a traitor in this unit , and these laptops may not be enough to snuff him out . Well , being clever had nothing to do with it . This is just Phase One . You sure you know what you 're doing ? Kyle , now is not the time to second-guess me . You asked me to become one of these men , that 's what I 'm doing . What exactly do you have in mind ? That 's on a need-to-know basis . Six hours ago , you were telling me not to send you back here . Now you 're General Patton ? You gave me a specific order to take this all the way . I 'm taking it all the way . Sergeant , stop the vehicle . No five-mile run today , gentlemen ? Gant ... you magnificent bastard ! You see what you pulled off ? How the hell did you do that ? Let the man have his sec he 's got the huevos to pull that , god only knows what he 'll do in the field ! Looks like we found ourselves a tactical mastermind ! Hoo-ah ! You took your beating like a man , and you gave as good as you got . Hey , everyone gets tested , Gant . No exceptions . Nothing personal , huh ? Nothing personal . What do you say , Lawrence ? What do you say ? You think it 's time we give young Mitchell here an initiation ? - Oh , yeah ! - Yeah ? - Initiation ? Initiation ? - Initiation ! Hang ' em up ! Hang ' em up ! Initiation ! Initiation ! Initiation ! Down the hatch . Hey , hey ! Can 't you knobs take a direct order ? I said shaken , not stirred ! Hey , now that we know each other so well , how about we make this cub part of the pack ? Hoo-ah ! The real initiation , Gant . Come on , get this off ! Let 's go ! Ho ! Oh , yeah ! Come on , Gant ! Carve it in ! Don 't pass out ! Carve it up ! Open your eyes , Gant ! Take it , Gant . Take it ! Look at it ! Don 't close your eyes ! Take the pain ! Look at him bleed ! Come on ! Take the pain ! Take it ! Take it like a man ! Come on ! Come on ! Right ! Arms in ! Hoo-ah ! We ran through crypto and data analysis on those logs you sent us . I think we might 've found our traitor . We know that a member of the wolf pack leased a jet . It 's waiting for him somewhere in the Florida Keys . We don 't know where yet . He also bought equipment to handle nuclear material . Now our guess is he 's moving Hades 13 out of the country . Well , is he selling the bomb , taking it to a buyer ? We don 't know yet . Make the arrest . Take the soldier straight to General Freewald . Interrogate him and get those answers . How 's Jake ? Easy ! I 'm not sure . What do you mean ? He 's one of them now . We need to get him out of this as soon as possible . Oh , he 'll get out . As soon as I have the traitor and the bomb . Right . Oh , yeah . So ... now that Gant 's been branded , I 'd like to propose a toast . To absent friends . - To absent friends . - Aubrey ? Hey , Gant ... we don 't mention that name around here . No , Lawrence . Gant might as well know why he 's here . The pack was asked to deal with an afghan warlord in the Chaiko Valley . This puke had some bio-weapons , left behind by the Soviets . It was simple - snatch and grab the bio-weapon . Next thing you know , we 're in a hard firefight through the local village . Aubrey took some shrapnel . General Freewald sends orders not to jeopardize the bio-weapon . To forget ... Aubrey and get out of there . Two days later , al-Jazeera shows a video of Aubrey being torn limb from limb in the streets . One of the Wolf Pack . We let him die . So ... a toast ... Sergeant Ken Aubrey , General Wesley Freewald . - Oh , forget that , man . - No , no . Let 's give acknowledgment to the man who made us dishonor ourselves and our brother . May he meet with all the advancement and commendation that he deserves ... in hell . - Hoo-ah . - Hoo-ah . Hoo-ah . Hoo-ah . Hey , hey , I didn 't know she was married , I swear . Shut up and keep your hands behind your back . We 're going to walk out the back door real quiet , and you 're going to tell General Freewald who you 're working for and where you hid the Hades 13 . We understand each other ? Well , you got to be on the pipe if you think I 'm going to do that . Oh , okay . Well , let 's see what the wolf pack does to you when they find out that you 're a traitor . - Take me to the General . - That 's what I thought . You acquitted yourself quite well , Agent Duarte , but this is an internal matter now . A question of honor . This man and I need to settle our affairs in private . With all due respect , General , you called the NSA , and I 'm not about to leave you alone with a member of an elite assassination unit . A unit I used to head , Agent Duarte . But have it your way . Just remember what happens in Fort McClellan stays in Fort McClellan . Are we clear on that ? - As a bell . - Good . You know , in antiquity , when a field commander found a traitor in his midst , he had the authority to shoot the lying sack of crap on site . Well , you gave the wolf pack the order to leave Ken Aubrey in Afghanistan . Does that mean I can shoot you on site ... sir ? I did what was necessary . You were carrying a lethal bio-weapon . It 's safe return was top priority . That was the mission . Our man was top priority . Aubrey was still alive . And you would 've killed every man , woman and child in that village to him back . Aubrey did his duty . What the hell do you know about duty ? You were one of us . The wolf pack never left a man behind until you gave that order . All right You have something that belongs to me . Now , the way I see it , you have two choices - hand it over or die . Fine . The Hades 13 is ... All right ... the keys to the cuffs . Please . Hoo-ah ! It was a hairy fur ball that night . Bodies flailing everywhere . Didn 't know which way was up . Couldn 't fight your way out . All we could do was give in . And give in , we did . - Unbelievable . - Son ... you never visited a Panamanian whorehouse ? I can neither confirm nor deny that I have ever been to Panama . Hoo-ah ! Heads up ! Can I help you , officer ? He 's not an officer . His name is Agent Duarte , and he 's a spook for the NSA . I take it this man has knowledge of our operation . Yeah , Freewald called him in to find out who took the Hades 13 . You 're all in on it ... aren 't you ? - What 's he talking about ? - Quiet , Gant . What about the General ? Well , my guess is they won 't find his body till dawn . Agent Duarte apprehended me in the club . I decided to turn the situation to our advantage , find out how much he and the General knew . Oh , and frankly , not sorry about Freewald . Understood . All right , mount up . We 're pushing our timetable . Hall , Burns , Stern - you 're on weapons detail . I want the entire pack ready to bug out in 20 . We move the Hades 13 out of the country tonight . Get up ! Just make sure this piece of garbage tells us everything he knows . Now , who else knows ? ! I told you . I report to Freewald . I 'm working alone . I don 't believe him . I concur . What do you have to say for yourself , Gant ? You are the first leader of a wolf pack to leave a man behind . - Aw ... - You followed a bad order and you know it , but I didn 't judge you when I volunteered to serve under your command . Now , one of your officers has murdered a General . An agent of our government is bleeding on this floor , beaten by your hand , not by any standard of human and military decency . I should put a bullet in your skull no matter what the consequence , but instead I am standing here NOT JUDGING ! So if you want to be responsible for the death of another one of your brothers , have the courage of your convictions and pull that trigger , otherwise I respectfully suggest you judge me by my deeds , sir . All right , have it your way , Gant . You kill the man . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ! - You got to finish him off . - Shut up and give me the cuffs now . Now ! What are you doing ? Tape ! This man deserves a slow ... and painful death . You think he merits a soldier 's death , you give it to him yourself . Gear up ! Moving out ! Woo-ah ! If the wolf packs can sneak that weapon out to the Florida Keys , I want an ambush waiting with all the fire power we can muster . So you find me that damn airstrip . Director Beckett , it 's coming from Agent Duarte 's field phone . Get a fix on Kyle 's location . Find Jake . We need to get into that base . Scramble covert team , have a chopper meet me at the helipad , and tell them to stow an extra set of body armor . - I 'm sorry , Director , are you ... ? - I 'm handling this myself . Gant . This team 's been operating under a cloud of shame for too long . You want the opportunity to be part of the wolf packs ' redemption ? I consider it an honor . Hades 13 tactical mini nukes . Ever seen one of these go off ? No . But that 's all about to change . We have a jet waiting for us in the Florida Keys . So we 're headed for Afghanistan ? We 've got connections in every town and village and near to Karachi . In less than three days , infiltrate Afghanistan through the Paki border and deliver the Hades 13 to the Chaiko Valley . There 's a helicopter standing by . Get us out of there before she goes off . and takes out the Chaiko Valley . Yeah . Every one of those animals - it 's a joy to torture my boy Aubrey to death . Hey , general , welcome to the party . As you requested . No one searches the General 's traspo . Stern , load up the weapon . Here 's we go . Um ... I say we stay off the main roads . Just get to the ... Lock and load ! Put your weapons down and surrender now ! I knew it . That weapon is not leaving this base . I disagree . Hall ? All right . All right . Stand down . Nice throw . You want to cut his heart out for me ? It 's my pleasure . Down ! Everybody down ! Drop your weapons and hit the deck ! Freeze ! On your face ! Get down ! Put your hands where I can see them ! - Kyle ? - He 's all right , he 's alive . - Yeah ! - Mannick ! Attend to this man . Lou , thank you . Hi . Hey . I 'm sorry . Don 't be . You did what you had to . It was necessary . We 're proud of you . I know it was tough . Yeah , was tough . - But also way too easy . - I know . We all got that inside , Jake . It 's a matter of how we use it . Lou told me to , uh ... smuggle in some beer . Love that woman . Here . Take it . Thanks . - You going to be all right ? - Yeah . I heal fast , I guess .
