 - How could you ? - Let me call you back . It 's a little something called chain of command . It 's a little something called betrayal . I had orders and I followed them . I promised her she 'd be safe . I gave her my word ! That wasn 't your promise to give . Are you having me arrested ? Deputy Director Beckett , Agent Foley , we have orders to bring you both upstairs . What do you mean he 's not on that flight ? I have the manifest right here . Can I help you ? - What is going on ? - It 's an emergency Board of Inquiry . - It 's like a trial . - Only worse . Okay , I don 't understand . What did we do ? Director Beckett , Agents Duarte , Foley , Dr. Hughes . This Emergency Board of Inquiry has been convened to decide the future of your Special Ops unit . Jim , we should have received notice . This board is under no obligation to notify you of anything . Lou , considering what 's happened in the last few days , there is enormous pressure to justify Agent Foley 's behavior . Don 't worry . This isn 't a witch hunt . We just want the truth . It is now 8 : 47 . I 'm calling this hearing to order . Please sit . Let the record show that six years ago , NSA began working on project Free Target exploring the use of nanites - molecular-sized computers to enhance our agents field behavior . Several months ago , a lab accident resulted in the premature introduction ... of millions of these nanites into a human subject , Jake Foley , at the time , a computer technician . At Director Beckett 's request , Foley was promoted to full agent status and a Special Unit was formed with him at its core . Now , since that time , this unit , at best , has produced uneven results . Technology isn 't the issue here . Agent Foley 's enhanced physical powers and endurance , along with his ability to interface with electronic devices and computers , are all very impressive . Impressive , yes , however , this program was designed for a trained professional , used to following orders , something Mr. Foley clearly is not . Recently , and most egregiously , he disobeyed a direct order to execute an enemy of the state and aided that same individual in an attempt to assassinate a foreign official . If I may ask , what are the possible outcomes of this ... " Inquiry " ? Either the board is satisfied with your explanations , or we terminate the program . This is not a trial in the formal sense . What does that mean ? - We don 't get a lawyer . - Lou , could you please identify yourself for the record , and tell us what happened regarding this operation starting November 17 . Deputy Director Louise Beckett , NSA . On the 17th of this month , there was a break-in at the Densmore Research Facility in Alexandria , Virginia . And the intruder stole three vials of a controlled substance . Thank you . Why did you tell him about ... ? Agent Foley , if there 's something you need to say to the board , will you please address us directly ? Okay , well , I was just wondering ... Give your name and position , please , for the record . Uh , Agent Jake Foley . The things you experienced firsthand . From the top , if you don 't mind . From the top . Okay . Uh , well , I guess it all started when I got an urgent phone call from my immediate superior , Agent Duarte . Hey , I got here as fast as I could . What do you need ? You . You know this girl I 've been seeing , Megan Reilly ? Yeah . Her sister 's in town for a few days . Uh , no . No . No . Wait , wait , wait , Jake . She 's really cute . Uh-huh . Look , all you have to do is hang out with her one , maybe two hours , tops . No , forget it . I have a hard enough time talking to girls I actually know . Kyle ... Well , on the other hand , anything I can do to help a friend out of a jam . Yeah . So , you really like those daiquiris ? Jake , Jake . Janet . Janet . How do you go out there every day not knowing if you 're ever coming back ? Well , I pretty much know that I am coming back , 'cause , like I said , I 'm a computer tech , so we come back every morning , except weekends . Right . Right . Hush , hush . On the QT . I 'm sorry , but I don 't know why I thought you could talk about it . Uh , I can talk about it . I just did . And you told me nothing . You are very good . You know , I just feel so grateful knowing that there are men out there like you doing what you do . It 's getting kind of late . It 's only 9 : 30 . Yeah ? Feels a lot later . C 'mere you . Ow . - Are you okay ? - Yeah . Yep , I think just maybe a chipped tooth . Want to go back to your place ? Agent Foley . You told me to start from the top . Yes , Agent Foley , regarding the mission . Right . Right . Anyway , after heretofore described events at the bar , Agent Duarte got a call from Sat Ops instructing us to come in immediately ... Three vials of nitrous varcon were stolen from the Densmore lab at exactly 1930 hours . This is the deadliest V series nerve agent on the planet . What is it , Jake ? I just didn 't think the U.S. manufactured biological weapons . We don 't . Varcon has never officially been produced or tested in this country , never will be . Understood ? Can the security guard I.D. the intruder ? No , all he remembers is a cinder-block wall flying at him at 30 miles an hour . We do have audio feed from the break-in . - That 's not a lot to go on . - No , it isn 't . When we find this individual , executive action obtains . Executive action ? - Shoot to kill . - We can do that ? When the order comes from the President we can . We 've just received echelon chatter indicating a potential buyer in Santa Costa . - The rebels ? - That 's what I want you to find out . Can I come ? Director Beckett , Agent Foley 's unique skills didn 't seem to have any specific application to this mission , so would you mind explaining to the board why you would risk our agents and our investment in nanotechnology by sending him in ? Jake isn 't an appliance . He 's a member of our intelligence community being trained for advanced field work . He goes on missions . And by the way , any other agent would have ended up dead on that assignment . Would any other agent have compromised the mission to such an extent ? All right , all right . Ease off , Mr. Jennings . Dr. Hughes . Me ? Yes , I 'm Dr. Hughes . Um ... I 'm the scientist in charge of the nanotechnology program . I took over from Dr. Gage . He was , well , he was shot . He died . Dr. Hughes , part of your job is preparing Agent Foley - for his work in the field . - Yes . Please , tell the board of inquiry about your examination of Agent Foley before he left for Santa Costa . Um ... Well , I was giving him some shots . I , uh ... heard about your hot date . Ow . What did Kyle tell you ? Nothing , just that she came on a little strong . I 've had people shooting at me and been less afraid . Well , I guess you could consider it a compliment in a scary , nutty , - clinically-obsessive kind of way . - Yeah . Hey , Diane , listen , I need to ask you a question . It 's kind of a doctor-patient thing . Sure . Okay ... uh , you know , it 's funny , I never had a female doctor before . Do you have a rash ? What ? No . Oh , I ... um , so , then what 's this about ? Uh ... well , okay , let 's just say that the girl last night wasn 't totally insane , okay ? And that I wanted to take her back to my place . Is it safe ? You mean ... um ... Well , yeah , I mean , if you use a condom . No , yeah . I-I know that . I just ... I mean with the nanites and everything ? Well , based on research , I can say with some degree of certainty that the possibility of transference / infection , is statistically low enough to be considered virtually nonexistent . Uh-huh . So , you 're telling me I can have sex , right ? I should do some tests just to make sure . I 'm not thirsty , thanks . Uh ... Oh . Uh , so I should , uh ... Yeah . The bathroom is just over there , and ... there 's a lock , yeah . Yeah . Hey , Diane . - Hi . - What 's Jake up to ? Um ... My name is agent Kyle Duarte . I 'm Agent Foley 's Direct Superior and the person most involved in his training . Do you believe that Agent Foley was a benefit to your operation in Santa Costa ? Yes . Please , tell us about the operation . We arrived in Santa Costa at 0800 and made contact with our local agents . Two hours later , we had the alleged buyer and seller in our sights - a male latino and a blond caucasian female they were meeting at an apartment in the market district . Notice how the travel brochures never mention monsoons ? What 's up with that ? Oh , hey , hold on . Yeah , it 's the buyer and the seller . Oye , Jorge , estan en camino . Whoa , whoa ! Hey , hey ! Muevate ! - Excuse me ! - Ifuera de aqui , oye ! Excuse me . Sorry , sorry . Don 't move ! No se mueve , por favor . We found all three vials in the apartment . Muy bien . Esta todo que puedes llevar . ( Very well , you can take them away now . ) Tenemos el varcon . ( We have the Varcon . ) Dos sospechosos han sido arrestados . ( The suspects have been arrested . ) Si , si . Los tres frascos . ( Yes , the three vials . ) - They say anything ? - Oh , you know , the usual - " We 're innocent , we don 't know how it got here . " We can have a talk with them later on . Why don 't you go back to the hotel ? I 'll call you when I know something . Are you sure ? You sure there 's nothing I can do ? 'Cause I know I was jet-lagged before , but I 'm pumped now , I 'm ready . Hello . Hey , Jake . It 's Diane . I , uh , heard you already caught the bad guys . Congratulations . Oh , thanks . And I , uh , I got your test results back , and you are ... good to go . Wait , uh ... you mean , I ... ? I mean that you can have sexual relations without fear of , uh ... " intrahominid cross transference . " Ah ... yeah ! What ? Uh , nothing , nothing . Thanks , Diane . Well , of course , uh ... it 's important to find the right girl , right ? I mean , not in the strictly scientific sense of the word " important , " but it 's important . Yeah , yeah , sure , absolutely . It 's not like I 'm going to run out of here and pick up the first girl I see . Buenas noches . Adios . Yep , you are one super stud . You mind if I join you ? Yeah . Yeah ! I mean , yeah , you can join me . Are you sure ? ' Cause you can tell me to get lost . That 's usually my line . Angela Wright . Uh , Jake Foley . - Hi . - Hey . For the record , Agent Foley , is this the woman you picked up in the Santa Costa hotel bar ? I didn 't pick her up . All right , you began a relationship with this woman in the middle of your mission to Santa Costa . Yes ? No . No . I thought the mission was over . And you claim here that you did not know that she was an enemy in possession of a stolen weapon of mass destruction . I don 't claim . I didn 't know any of that . Well , tell us , Agent Foley . What exactly did you know about her ? You 're double jointed ! So am I. Well , that does it , then . We should get married . Yes , yes . Think of all the things that we have in common . We 're both in sales . We both went to schools on the east coast . - We both met Katie Couric . - Yes . Well , I saw her . That counts . Before we get married , I would like to know , um , do you have a girlfriend ? No . No . You ? No , no girlfriend ... or boyfriend , or husband . Okay . Well , then , uh ... there 's just one more question . Then we get married for sure . - Oh , yeah . - Yeah . Thank you . Um ... Thanks . Why 'd you come up to me tonight ? You have a nice place . It 's very trustworthy . Thanks . I get it from my mom 's side . Hmm . The bedroom eyes from dad ? So , uh ... since I have a nice face , and , uh , I like you ... seems like you like me , so ... what do you think about continuing this , uh ... On the roof ? Well , I was thinking my room , or-or maybe your room . Or ... ok-okay , the roof , if it 's ... or you can just slap me in the face , and get it over with . I didn 't say no . You really are double-jointed . So , she did go to your room ? Yes . And you had NSA hardware , which , if breached , could have compromised your mission ? Excuse me . He thought the mission was over . Sit down , Agent Duarte . What 's your point ? That Jake had no idea our case was falling apart . I told you , I don 't know how that stuff got into my apartment . It says here that 's not your primary residence . I have a house outside of town . But the apartment is where you conduct business , right ? Charming view , buy a little nerve gas ? No . Then why 'd you rent it ? He was having an affair ? With a woman from his office . Said it was his first one . Well , that 'll teach him . That 's when we got the test results back from the lab . The vials we found that morning were fakes . I phoned Director Beckett to give her the news , and that 's when I called Agent Foley . And what was his response ? I wasn 't able to reach him . We have audio feed from the break-in . - Yeah . - Kyle . Jake . I 've been trying to get ahold of you . Yeah . I 'm in my room with a woman . Well , good for you . No , no , she 's the one who stole the vials . What ? Stall her . - I 'll be there in 15 minutes . - It 's too late . No , Jake , she still has the varcon . The vials we picked up were fake . What ? You have a shoot-to-kill order . Enforce it . I think you 've got something of mine . I need you to put down that handbag . - This isn 't what ... - Now . Oh ! - Don 't shoot ! - You don 't shoot ! - Put down your gun ! - You put it down ! I 'm CIA . I 'm going to show you my ID . Don 't get trigger happy . Whoever you 're working for , it 's pretty obvious we 're after the same thing . Yeah , I think you already have it . Angela Hamilton ? You said your name was Angela Wright . I 'm an intelligence officer . What do you expect ? I 'm sure your real name isn 't Jake Foley . Of course not . Why don 't you just put your gun down , and we 'll figure this out together ? No , no . I 'm not putting my gun down . Fine . Here . There . Okay ? Now , who are you ? I 'm NSA Great . You 're after the varcon as well . I can 't believe our idiot agencies . You 'd think they 'd have figured this out by now - tell one hand what the other is doing . Why were you on my laptop ? I knew you were a wrong number . What kind of watch salesman would be caught dead wearing that ? ! I needed to find out who you really were and what you were up to . What , by sleeping with me ? Let 's get this all straightened out . You call the CIA , - call your people . - Oh , I will . Could you please ? Thank you . For the record , Agent Duarte , Jake Foley received a direct order from you to kill a rogue agent and simply ignored it ? Yes . But I 'm not going to stand here and tell you this operation was a complete failure . Duly noted . Now , perhaps you could regale us with some facts . I arrived at Agent Foley 's hotel room shortly after his altercation with Angela Hamilton . Lou ? It 's Kyle . We have a problem . Buenos dias , Colonel . Yes , I have all three . I expect 80 apiece . - I hope you take dollars . - That 's all I 'll take . - Where are you ? - Don 't worry , I 'll be there . Excuse me , Agent Foley . How long did you say you clung to the underside of Angela Hamilton 's car ? I don 't know ... I don 't know . Two , two and a half hours . That 's impressive . Can you imagine that power in the hands of a properly-trained agent ? Yeah . Imagine that . Nano hearing . Agent Foley ... just tell us what happened next . - How ... ? - Shut up . Turn around . Put your hands on the car . Don 't ! You 're the one who planted the fake vials . You came up to my room to see if we bought it . And you did . Turn around ! You have a shoot-to-kill order , don 't you ? Take another step , you 'll find out . It 's not so easy , is it ? Putting a bullet in somebody you know ... intimately . Why are you doing this ? Why are you selling this stuff to the rebels ? I 'm not . I 'm selling it to the government . The U.S. won 't sell the varcon gas anymore . I will . All right . Hold it . Just hold it right there . Now , you have been warned about mentioning the use , manufacture , or sale of varcon gas in the United States . Agent Foley , I think what Mr. Skerritt is trying to say is for a government employee to intimate that our government would do such a thing is considered treason . I understand . Thank you , Agent Foley . Proceed with your story . Okay . The gas that the united states government would never manufacture - the same gas that the united states government would never dream of selling to a client state - that exact same gas was used to kill Angela Hamilton 's younger sister . " Jessica had just graduated from Penn . " And she was a speech therapy major . She already had a job lined up . She and her girlfriend were backpacking through Central America . They stopped in Golfito , a little town on the coast here . Didn 't realize it was a rebel stronghold . One minute , they 're having lunch and the next , the whole village is being gassed . The U.S. never lifted a finger . Never went after the guy who gave the order , nothing . - Angela , whoever this guy is ... - I know exactly who he is - Colonel Enrique Alonzo , head of the Santa Costa revolutionary guard . It 's army talk for death squad . But we can tell people . We can bring him in . I gave them two and a half years to bring him in . When I knew they never would , I left the agency . So , now you 're selling varcon to the people who killed your sister . No , you 're not selling the gas to them . You 're going to kill Alonzo with it . I can 't let you do that . I don 't think you have a choice . - There she is ! - Oh , this is suicide . But you already knew that . Thank you for a perfect last night . You 're my partner . You helped me steal the vials . When they take me inside the mobile lab , stay outside . Good . I just need the other two vials , and we have a deal . No , we have a deal when I deliver the other two vials to Colonel Alonzo . Colonel Alonzo has other matters to attend to . Well , then we don 't have a deal . I 'm sorry , but in fact we do . Muchacho . Llevela afuera y matela . ( Take her outside and kill her . ) Angela ! Here ! I have to perform a tracheotomy . It means I 'm going to open your airway , okay ? I 've done this before . Don 't worry , sweetheart . Don 't move . I 'm better . And along with the team at Sat Ops , I monitored the operation . And did you feel at any time that you lost control ? No . Field work is not an exact science . These operations take on a life of their own once all of the different variables come into play . Agent Foley was a party to several murders of one of our allies and this is what you call a variable ? Agent Foley was pressed into a difficult and ethically challenging situation . Once we became aware of the deaths in Santa Costa , I dispatched Agent Duarte to extract him and to finish the operation ... according to the orders given me by my superiors . They 're all dead . It was the American girl and her friend . Don 't get too close . Find them now ! What the hell are you ? I told you . I 'm an agent with the NSA . I didn 't ask who . I asked what . You survived exposure to varcon gas . Nobody does that . Give me the other two vials . I 'm not done with them . Alonzo isn 't not dead yet . - Angela . - No . All right . I work with a Special Ops team at the NSA . A team that will do anything for me , including bringing this Alonzo guy in . Jake , you say that , but I know how these agencies work . Well , that 's not how I work . And that 's not how my superiors work . You have my word . Angela , if you try doing this on your own , this guy 's going to vanish , and then he will get away with murder . Was that your sister 's ? Yeah . You know what the hardest thing is ? Watching the news . Jessie used to yell at the broadcasters , not about the news , but about the way they talked . She was a speech therapist , you know ? " That guy 's hiding a stutter . " " I could cure his cul-de-sac resonance in a day . " " Talk about disfluency . " How are you today ? Hands in the air . He 's got the Varcon . You shoot me , you 'll be dead in ten seconds . - He 's bluffing . - No , he 's not . Do you know who I am ? No . I 'm a nurse in Zancuta going home to cook dinner for her two children . I 'm a 12-year-old boy on his way to soccer practice . I 'm a 22-year-old American girl from Philadelphia with her whole life ahead of her . I am not afraid to die . We 'll see about that . Jake ! Okay , it 's okay . - Angela Hamilton ? - Yes ? Kyle ? It 's okay guys . It 's not necessary . Kyle . What 's going on ? Kyle , what 's going on ? No , I told her we could help her . Jake , Jake , listen to me . It 's their country , okay ? Lou had to pull strings just to get you out alive . No , no , she trusted me , damn it ! Jake , listen to me . It 's out of our hands . I 'm sorry . I was ordered to hand Angela Hamilton over to a government with an abominable human rights record . Right now , she 's rotting in one of their prisons , while the country she once served ignores the fact she 's even alive . Sit down , Agent Duarte . Barring any further questions from my colleagues , I think we 're done here . We will review the evidence and return our evaluation of your unit as soon as possible . Until then , you 'll be restricted to desk work and your movements will be carefully monitored . I 'm sure you all understand . No , I don 't ... and I need to say something . - You 've said enough . - No , I haven 't ! This isn 't about our field performance . This is about you finding a scapegoat . - You 're out of line , son . - Because I 'm not afraid of the truth ? That we helped kill American citizens , that we abandoned Angela Hamilton , that we sold Varcon to Santa Costa , and you hypocrites can 't even bring yourself to say the word ? Guards , escort Mr. Foley to a cell . what 's happening ? Our transcript is being uploaded . What 's he doing ? Tell them to stand down . The transcripts for this hearing are now in the server . If I blink , everything that 's been said here today will be e-mailed to the AP wire . All of your dealings with the repressive government of Santa Costa , turning over Angela ... every paper in the country 'll have their hands on it . Now , you want to shut us down , send me off to be a lab rat the rest of my life , be my guest ... but Angela is walking out of that prison ... or else . Chief Skerrit , members of the board ... this might be an excellent time for you to reevaluate your perception of my team . If you think we are going to allow ourselves to be blackmailed by you ... Sit down , Miles . We see your point . In light of your passionate testimony today ... I think we shouldn 't rush to judge . This is an unorthodox unit . It cannot be measured by traditional notions of intelligence work ... for the record . This meeting is closed , then ? Yes . It 's closed . Okay , so-so we 're free ? For the time being , yeah . I need some tea or something stronger . - Are we allowed to drink on duty ? - No , but we 're going to start . Were you really going to send that transcript out ? Sure , if the e-mail I made up actually belonged to anybody . Good work . Leave us . Spineless . Excuse me ? No , I don 't . Letting them off was inexcusable . I mean , what does that say about us ? It says we handled the situation ineptly . And , Miles , if you ever speak to me in that tone of voice again , I 'll cut your tongue out . I 'm not being figurative . Jim ... Louise Beckett is in many ways an admirable woman . You promoted her . If she fails , so will you . Duly noted . Jake Foley is another matter . Did you see the way he stood up to us ? That 's a soldier . You like him ? Oh , my god , I hate and fear him , but a man like that bent to your will could accomplish anything . I don 't believe he 's bent to anyone 's will . No , that 's the problem . One I intend to rectify . Thanks . You all right ? I am now .
