 Jake Foley was an ordinary guy until a freak accident transformed him into the world 's first computer-enhanced man . Millions of microscopic computers interface with his biochemistry to make him stronger and faster , able to see and hear farther than normal men . They give him the power to control technology with his brain . Jake Foley - America 's secret weapon . He takes on missions no ordinary agent can perform . He is the ultimate human upgrade . I thought this war was with our enemies out there , not our superiors in here . Either the board is satisfied with your explanations or we terminate the program . They 're threatened by things they can 't control , and they can 't control you . I don 't know if I can do this anymore , Diane . I have a contact . He creates new lives for people and erases the old ones . I thought that I would find Jake here . You won 't . Jake ... you 're back . This is four-one-Baltimore , who has visual on the subject ... ? - I did , but I lost contact . - Where ? Northeast quadrant . Damn it , who has the subject in sight ? I got her . She 's heading south , toward the river . Who 's got her ? Who said that ? Me . Uh , Jake ... Six-Two-Denver . Say your number first . Jake , stay put , we 're on our way . Okay , she 's ... she 's heading toward a car . She 's going to bolt . - Jake , stay put . - This is Beckett . Dankova must not get away . Use all necessary force . - Is that a shoot to kill ? - That is affirmative ... Lou , we need Dankova alive . Hold the shoot to kill unless it 's the only resort . Wait until we get there ! Don 't let her get away , Jake . - Don 't do anything until ... - Oh , would you just shut up ! Ow . Now , how could this happen ? How did he let Dankova get away ? " He " practically got tire marks on his face from trying to prevent it . Is it so hard for you to do what we tell you ? Yeah , when you 're telling me fifteen different things , yeah . Put it up . Yeah ... no , the leg 's fine . Thanks for asking . - Why don 't you try and be useful . - All right , all right . We had Elena Dankova in our sights and we lost her . This woman is a former KGB operative who tried to sabotage our Wilmington nuclear facility in 1986 . We narrowly avoided our very own Chernobyl . Now , Dankova is a true believer . She went rogue the day the Berlin wall came down . As far as she 's concerned , the cold war never ended . Let 's see if we can track her down and see if we can hold on to her this time . And don 't be afraid to think outside the box . Hey , Lou ... what do you think about bringing in the agent who was point man on Dankova in the eighties ? Are you talking about Richard Fox ? Uh , yeah . He has a lot of commendations . Fox . Big deal back in the day ? The biggest . He single-handedly captured Mikail " The Shark " Petrovitch . That was the beginning of the end of the KGB . Retired in eighty-eight . - Where 's he living ? - Here in D.C. File says he has two addresses . Bring him in . You 're about to meet a legend . Call me . I mean it . If you don 't , I will hunt you down like a dog . Bye , baby . You got company . - Excuse me . - Sure . Y 'all lawyers or bill collectors ? NSA . I 'm Agent Duarte , this is Agent Foley . Sir , would you please put that away ? We were hoping we could talk to you about Elena Dankova . You are Richard Fox ? Call me Dick . Anybody want a Fresca ? No , thanks . Well ... Smoke bother you ? Uh ... no . Maybe ... You know , she always was a real bastard . You boys have got a problem , all right . Well , that 's why we came to see you . What do you think we should do , Mr. Fox ? Dick . Well , first I think you should find her and then kill her . Good luck . At the risk of sounding corny , your country needs you . Oh , shucks , really ? I gave ' em thirty years of my life and they gave me this nifty watch and they need me now ? Tell you what I 'll do - $ 80,000 retainer , and I 'm all yours . I don 't think we can do that . I was just kidding . Make it fifty . Actually Mr ... Dick , your NSA contract is pretty specific on the matter : You can be recalled to active duty at any time . Failure to comply can result in arrest , confinement and / or cessation of pension . I thought you were the smart one . Me , too . Well , I guess I better get gussied up and get some clothes on . But we do this , we do it my way . Is that clear , boys ? You can take that up with the boss . Oh , I will . What 's his name ? Deputy Director Louise Beckett . Well , hot damn . Fill me in . All right . We suspect that Elena Dankova slipped into the country four days ago . Since that time , we 've had sightings of her in Cincinnati and Chicago . We know for a fact that she was here in D.C. Yesterday . How so ? We had her in our sights and we lost her . Who was the pinhead that let that happen ? Uh ... I would be that pinhead . Oh , The Smart One . Were you sober ? Yeah . Of course . Well , that was your first mistake . And were you doing everything they were telling you to do ? I was trying . Kid , you got a lot to learn . Can we could move forward , please ? Copy that , sir . Listen up - Chicago , Cincinnati , D.C. - Run these names : Nicolai Iskanov , alias Nolotov ; Liam Petrov , A.K.A. Kovalev ; and Max Romanov , alias Petrenko and / or Bulgakov . My guess is Dankova 's has contacted sleepers left behind after the collapse of the soviet empire . - Why ? - Well , to finish the job that we stopped her from doing in ' 86 . Are you saying she 's planning another attack on a U.S. Nuclear Facility ? I 'm saying that if it looks , sounds , feels radioactive , I 'd park my ass in front of it with an M-16 . You never gave up , did you ? Cold war ends and you 're a relic overnight . Betrayed by your own country . I know how you feel , Lenochka , but you shouldn 't have set foot on American soil . Going to have to bring you down . Bring you down hard , baby . I think I have something . There 's a Max Petrenko , living in Atlantic City ... well , he was living there . I don 't see any hits on him in the last couple of years , but he has a line of credit at something called " Rudolph 's Red . " - Is that a casino ? I never heard of it . - Russian mob joint . It 's off the boardwalk , low-rent , high-rollers . - You got a facial ? - I 've got a passport picture . That 's our man - Romanov . One of the soviet union 's top nuclear engineers . I 'll bet bucks to beans he 's the key to whatever Dankova 's got up her sleeve . Good work , son . I 've got a Nicolai Nolotov in Cincinnati . Okay , I want teams in the field . One to Cincinnati to pick up Nolotov , one to Chicago . Smart boy and me here will take Atlantic City , if that 's all right with you , boss . - You want to partner with Jake ? - Yeah . - Why ? - Best man for the job . He let Dankova get away once . I don 't think he 'll let that happen again . I want you checked out by medical staff . Whatever you say , boss . Get me Homeland Security . Was there something else ? Sure got real pretty eyes . Okay . No , no , no . Not on my watch . Oh , pretty and tough . I 'll be right back . Just take your shirt off . Okay , but I expect you to do likewise . So , you and the doc there - you got a little thing ? No , no , no . We 're just colleagues . What 's that , a fancy word for " friends " ? Yeah , I guess . You kids nowadays . You know a man and a woman can 't be just friends . They got to be lovers or enemies . Like you and Elena Dankova ? Well , sometimes , it 's a little of both . And why is your shirt still on ? - Uh ... - And if you say , " why is yours ? " You 'll stick a scalpel in me . Yes , something like that . All right . Look , I 'm as fit as I 'm going to be . - Me and the kid here , we got work to do . - Yeah . Not until you get a full medical work-up . See , I have orders . Let me see that . Yeah , well , you do everything they tell you in this joint , you 'll go nuts . No , no , no . But , you can 't ... - Uh ... - Hey , Lou . Is he ready yet ? - Uh ... - A hundred percent . Let 's get this show on the road . Jake , this one 's by the book . All right . Just wait till you see this . You 're not going to believe it . That salesman never saw me coming . Vintage Mach I. Only three thousand of these babies left in the states . Oh , sweet . They don 't make ' em like this anymore . You just spent almost every penny in our expense account on a car ? ! What are we gonna live on in Atlantic City ? What am I gonna tell Lou ? ! You always wound this tight ? Kid , this car is the mission . It 's your ass on the line out there . How you look , how you feel , what you drive can be the difference in coming back alive or in a body bag . The number-crunchers back at headquarters , they 'll never understand a thing like that . You want to know the secret to this job ? - Okay . - Get in . " Go with your gut . " At the end of the day , the only thing that matters is that you get the job done right . Okay , kid , you ready to have a little fun ? Yeah ! Ha-ha ! Now , this is what going undercover 's all about . Romanov has a big line of credit , so I 'm guessing he 's a high roller . Maybe we should ... What are you doing ? I 'm ordering a pizza . What does it look like I 'm doing ? That 's all the money we have left . I 'll play these three hands . Four hundred on each and an extra hundred for the dealer . - Thank you , sir . Good luck . - Dick ! If you want to look like a high roller , you got to act like one . Twenty-one . - You won ? - All right . Double down here . Yes , sir . Are you just going to stay here and gamble ? No , I 'm going to stay here and gamble and ... drink . Winner . Cocktails . Why don 't you go look for some big guys in expensive suits ? They would be the Russians . Hey , honey , let me have a double scotch and drinks all around , huh ? Hit me here . All right . I 'll stand . Twenty-one . Thanks , sweetheart . I was getting thirsty . There you go , darling . - Thank you . - Cutie . Hey , see that poker table on the other side of the room ? The guy at the end - Is he one of them ? Only one way to be sure . This will be phonetic Russian , okay ? I want you to join the game . Wait for him to make a bet , and when he does , say this to him . If he says " da , " finish the hand . We 'll wait for him outside . - Uh , maybe I should hold onto ... - I 'm in . Or not . What do we have ? Liam Petrov . One of the names Fox gave us . A team in Chicago just found him ... dead . Murdered in his own home . Two bullets right through the eyes . - Dankova 's trademark . - Nice lady . My guess is whatever Dankova has planned , - Liam wasn 't going along . - Why would he ? A hundred and fifty K a year making plumbing equipment , four-bedroom house in the suburbs . Capitalistic imperialism 's been very good to him . It gets worse . Nicolai Iskanov was working at the hope creek nuclear reactor under an alias . He hasn 't reported to work in a week . Around the same time , one hundred curies of cesium 137 disappeared from their waste depository . - They 're making a dirty bomb . - Yeah , that 'd be my guess . I 've notified FBI , CIA , Homeland Security . All right , make sure we 're sharing intel as it comes in . Last thing we need is another communication breakdown . Set up around-the-clock feeds . New York City and D.C. Radiation sensors . We 're on it . T 'voya mahts vonyayet kak abyeziana . ( Your mother smells like a monkey . ) " Moya mahts vonyayet kak abyeziana . " ( My mother smells like a monkey . ) Ya yevo oobyu . ( I will kill him . ) You wouldn 't think that skinny kid could fight that good . What do you say we get out of here ? Grab your money . What ? Oh ... Director Beckett , I 've got Jake . - Beckett . - I need a shoot to kill order . What ? Dick - your legend - spent all our money , tried to have me beaten to death by strangers , and then ditched out on the mission with a cocktail waitress . - Why didn 't you notify me earlier ? - That 's a very good question . Look , the Atlantic City field office is tenth and park . - Can you get there ? - Yes . What about Dick ? Sounds like he 's got some issues . At any rate , you 're both off the mission . And Jake , I look forward to your report . Yeah . I 've been looking all over for you , son . Come on . Get in . No . Okay , so you 're pissed . I get it . Why don 't we go somewhere , grab a couple of beers and talk about it ? There 's nothing to talk about . We 're off the mission . It 's over . Finito . Sounds like you 've been talking to the suits back home . Yeah , I was . And if I were you , I 'd turn around and leave me alone . I can 't do that , kid . Get in . I 'm not too proud to beg . All right , hand it over . Come on . Give it to me . Back in my days , these things were the size of a thermos . So damn heavy , they practically gave you a hernia . Roll down your window . You 're making a big mistake . Yeah , I 've been hearing that all my life . Still doesn 't phase me . Apologies for the note . These Russians , they got no sense of humor . You tried to get me killed ! If I wanted you dead , I would have been a little more creative than that . I was just testing you to see what you 're made of . You know , your life 's in your partner 's hands in this game . You handled yourself well . Gee , thanks . Maybe a little too well . What do you want ? I want to know what you are . - I don 't know what you 're talking about . - Yes , you do . What did those bastards at the NSA do to you , kid ? You know , you and I may have more in common than you think . Way back when you were just a tickle in your daddy 's pouch , the NSA had these programs . Enhancement programs : Steroids , G-H-B , H-G-H . Those were just the training wheels . They moved up from there . And you were ... Quid pro quo . And I asked you first . Look , I know it 's hard . They can really screw you up . You don 't know what you can or can 't say , who to listen to , who to trust . Sorry about the gun . It was a little heavy handed , but you wouldn 't have gotten back in the car otherwise . They , uh , they did do something . I can 't really get into specifics . There was an accident ... Yeah , there 's always an accident . What was that ? What was what ? Is there someone in the trunk ? No . You kidding ? Dick , open it up . Okay , Mr. Paranoid . Here have a look . Vsyo gatovah . Davai . ( Everything is ready . Come on . ) Throw your weapon out of the car , then step out . Arms in the air . Lenochka , don 't you trust me anymore ? I slept with you many times , but I never trusted you . That 's no way to build a lasting relationship . Do you have it ? But of course . Open it . You know , I don 't take rubles . Who does anymore ? Who did ever ? It 's been a pleasure . Call me . You are so lucky you don 't have a concussion . You just have some lacerations and some bruises that should heal in , like ... well , very soon . I hear they got every available agent out there looking for Dick and that car . Between you and me , I thought that guy was kind of a nutcake . Jake ? Diane , before the nanite project , were there any other enhancement programs ? Um ... um , I mean , I 'm not familiar with any , but I would have to say that there were , yeah . I mean , the NSA has more research money than any other intelligence agency and they have a mandate to stay ahead of the curve , so ... why ? Do you think they did something to Dick ? Uh , it 's just ... I 'm not sure that guy really is crazy . I have a feeling he knew exactly what he was doing every step of the way . Excuse me . Lab . Okay , yes , ma 'am , right away . Lou says there 's something in SAT OPs that we have to see right this instant . Okay . Dick ? My name is Richard . And having armed guards hovering over me like this is not the way to treat someone who bled for this agency for thirty years . I 've been in Finland for the past month doing some consulting work . I came as soon as I got your message . Now how can I help you ? Uh ... Look , I don 't know what kind of mind game you 're running , but you 've got some explaining to do . Look , you called me . I 'm reporting to duty per the activation clause in my contract . And with all due respect , I don 't understand how the NSA shared critical mission information without first verifying the identity of an operative . Wait . Hold on . So I just spent thirty-six hours with what ? A double ? Decoy ? Clone ? There 's no such thing , Jake . - You 've been watching too many spy movies . - Don 't be too sure . Does this mission have anything to do with Ex-KGB Agents from the former Soviet Union ? We don 't share any information with you until we find out who you are . Well , then let me do the sharing then . Classified archive Delta-X-ray-Oscar Niner . The Crimean Project . A joint operation by the KGB / GRU set up to collect biometric data on American Intelligence assets . The goal was to destabilize our intelligence-gathering ability by creating doubles of American agents using plastic surgery , drugs , advanced language and cultural conditioning . I was to be one of the targets . So whoever 's doing this must have known I 'd be out of the country before activating their plan . Can 't find the archive in the computer , Dick . You 're not going to find the Crimean Project on a computer . It 's on microfiche in the basement . Code named " Double , " classified and secured under the 1982 National Security Act . It 's only accessible to Deputy Directors and above . And you may refer to me as " Richard " or " Agent Fox . " Okay , Agent Fox . Let 's hope , for your sake , that I come back from the basement with a file . Keep your eyes on this man . While I 'm waiting , I hope someone 's here to take my blood and fingerprints . That 'd be you , little lady ? I didn 't know they let agents wear their hair that long nowadays . Yeah . I 'm a regular old beatnik . From the looks you 're giving me , that impostor must have done quite a job on you . You know , if you 'd gone by the book , none of this would 've happened . You know , I 'm not ready to take lessons from you just yet . Well , I 'm not ready to give them . It 's all here . The Crimean Project . Looks like the soviets really were trying to copy our agents using plastic surgery . - So he 's legit ? - Apparently . Now if his fingerprints and blood match our files , we 're going to have to give him the benefit of the doubt - and debrief him on the mission . - What about trusting him ? Absolutely not . Good . Any word on the mustang ? Sat-ops is working with local law enforcement up and down the seaboard . We 'll find him . In the meantime , I want your eyes on Richard 24-7 . Yeah . This is odd . Yeah , but DNA does not lie . This is Richard Fox . And I looked at those Crimean Project files . Everything they were doing to duplicate our agents is medically feasible . I mean , it 's dangerous and nuts but it 's doable . Hey , you remember that cigar that Dick left in your lab ? - Yeah , you want me to run DNA on it ? - Yeah . Excuse me . All right . Agent Fox has been brought up to speed . I want you to give him your full cooperation . And we don 't have much time . Look , I 'm sorry you were duped , son . But the soviet agent that was impersonating me was using you to find out everything the NSA knows about Dankova 's plan . And we 're three steps behind them . - We 've got to level the playing field . - Seems to me the best way of doing that is by finding the impostor . Why don 't we take a look at the security tapes from that casino . Okay . And you thought that was me ? Look at the way he carries himself . Did you look at any of the pictures in my file ? All right , stop frame right there . - What do you see ? - Dick 's flirting with the waitress . Look closer . I don 't know , he 's playing her . He 's making like a high roller . He distracted you once ; don 't let him distract you again . Okay . Uh ... The girl ? Cute . Fair skin . High cheekbones . Strong chin , possibly ... slavic . Hey , can you pull up that photo of Romanov ? Okay . Okay , now freeze on the waitress and enhance . Romanov 's daughter ? Romanov took his own life two years ago . Couldn 't hack it in the new world order . She was a student at The Central Academy for Advanced Physics in Voronezh . When the wall fell she came to Atlantic City with her father . Why is she serving drinks at a casino ? Our country 's full of highly-educated immigrants doing menial jobs . The point is , she has the know-how to put that bomb together . He walked out of there with her , - put her in the trunk of his car ... - and delivered her to Dankova . - Right under my nose . - Clear the board ! All stations on alert , we have a red ball . This was on its way to a Moscow TV station for broadcast tomorrow . We intercepted it from a private courier company . At midnight last night , we cut out the heart of our enemy . After years of humiliation , we stand proud , defiant and soviet to the end . This is a code six : We believe these people plan to detonate a dirty bomb in D.C. tonight at midnight . Exactly one hour from now . Rewind . Kill the audio . - You see something ? - Yeah . That . Magnify frame 1,000 percent . Shift focus to the window . Can you enhance it further and ID the plane ? Not without pixelation . It 's all we 've got . They may have shot this in sight of the glide path for Reagan , Dulles or BWI . Get me Homeland Security . I want choppers in the air with radiac detectors now . The rest of you , you have exactly five minutes to find the most likely locations for this device . Kyle , assemble the strike teams . Lou , Agent Fox and I made some progress . I think finding his double 's the best way to stop this . I don 't . I want every available agent trailing this device . Is that understood ? What do you think ? I think we have our orders , son . Backup clip , check , body armor plate , secure . Strike team , this is Thunderbird . We 're less than ten from the target . - Diane , hey . - Jake , I just got the preliminary result on that DNA . Okay . Thanks . What was that ? Hang on to something . Who broke formation ? What the hell are you doing ? You are jeopardizing this mission . You turn that car back around . That 's an order . Kyle , bring him into compliance by any means necessary , now . Damn it , Jake , what are you doing ? I 'll tell you what I 'm not doing . I 'm not stopping this car . This is a flagrant breach of protocol . Kyle , you gonna have to trust me or shoot me . What are we doing here ? Mustang Mach I. That 's him . Lou , this is Kyle . I think we found Agent Fox 's impostor . He 's here . Son of a bitch . - I 'm going in . - No , wait ! Jake . Down ! Hit the floor now . Screw you and get out of my house . You want me to shoot , I 'll shoot . Good call , kid . Now I 'm going to put an end to you and everything you stand for . No , you won 't . You know you can 't execute someone without an Order . In your case , I think I can make an exception . Lima one , do we have a visual ? Negative on that , Thunderbird . Proceed to southeast and northwest corners . Copy that . SAT Ops , do you have anything on the location ? No unusual activity on the radiac sensors . And thermal imaging shows nothing moving inside the building . Thunderbird , again . It 's a negative . We have the wrong location . Reports are coming in from the other teams . Negative on Delta . Negative on Sierra . Negative on Bravo . Kyle , did you find him ? Sort of . - He may be our only chance . - We 're working on it . What happened to him ? The NSA . Thirty years of being pulled every which direction . God knows what else they did to him . Split him in half . Richard ... - I don 't think you wanna do that . - This man 's an enemy agent . Who can lead us to Dankova and the bomb . Kid makes a good point . Shut up . He screwed you once . He 'll screw you again . That 's why I need you , Richard . To make sure that he doesn 't . I need you , Richard . And Dick . I need you both . All right , kid . Now , let me tell you the plan . What ? We have a location ! Let 's move out . All right . Let 's go ! It 's ready . Once we 're clear the blast area , we detonate . SAT Ops just confirmed heat signatures for five people inside the location . Stealth is crucial . I want snipers first at the scene and fully deployed before the ground assault . Repeat , stealth is crucial . Open the door . Pack up the van . Weapons down ! Now ! Now ! Stand back ! We 're getting too old for this , Lenochka . Did they offer you more money ? Don 't I wish . Go ahead , knock yourself out . Boom . Anytime , Agent Foley . Were you waiting till the last possible moment ? She was working with you ? Well , I did promise Miss Romanov a little something if she helped us out . It 's all yours . Very nice . So 's the hundred grand in the trunk . Also , my phone number 's in the glove box . It comes standard . The whole time , he was two steps ahead of us . He tracked Romanov at the casino , told her we needed somebody on the inside . Then he paid her to rig the bomb so it wouldn 't go off . My office 0700 tomorrow morning . Special commendation from The Secretary of Defense . It 's not every day you stop a dirty bomb . We have a problem , Jake , and something 's going to have to give . There are people upstairs who don 't like the way you do things , and they would love nothing morethan to shut us down . Now I do everything in my power to protect you , but there 's a limit to what I can do . So at the very least , when I give you an order , you follow it . You don 't question it . Just like all my other agents who work for me . Are we clear ? Lou , I respect you . And believe me , I appreciate everything that you have done for me . But I 'm not like all your other agents . I wake up every morning with millions of nanites inside of me . Now , if you want me to follow every rule and regulation to the letter , then that 's what I will try to do , but if you ask me to do that , then one day something is going to give . It 'll be me . Aston Martin V-12 ? No , no , no . Way too small . What did I tell you ? If you get a hundred thousand dollar car for a mission , it needs to be fast and comfortable . That 's my boy . All right . Bentley Continental GT ? Please . That thing looks like a hearse . Speaking of hearse . By the way ... thank you , son . What else you got ? Oh , uh ... Mercedes Benz SLR Coupe . Oh , give me a break . I can run faster than that heap . Really ? How about another Fresca ?
