 ZEPHYR After conquiste Lisbon to the arabs , Afonso Henriques was sailing a boat with armed and some captive mozarabic who had revealed to the king . The place of burial of the body St. Incent , in the Sacred Promontory of the Algarve . Connoisseurs of the places and guided by the crows which never give up the tomb , the mozarabic unearth the body and they take it in boat during the night Two crows accompany the grave of the saint , during the trip of return , the one in the prow other in the stern a sweet and constant wind blows without stopping Doing that the boat enter in the Tagus , the night of September 15 of 1175 . Was the smooth wind of the West of the old sailors the Zephyr . Help me ! Let me go ! I do not know you ! ... St. Vincent was martyred under the order of Dacine , Prefect of Rome , in year 304 , and its body buried in a bog outside the walls of the city for being devoured by the wild animals . The crows , under the instinct of its species they were put near the left body , and they defended it with fury of attack of other animals . Soon the population of nearby villages accourunt bury the martyr Four centuries later , during the arab occupation of Valencia , christian monks prevailed , in secret , the relics in the Sacred Promontory . It was around this body , transported again to Lisbon by the orders of king Afonso , which will prevail in the city the cult of St. Vincent , one of the oldest in the mediterranean world . Nobody knows how much say the Mediterranean sea , what are its maritime boundaries or land , or what is the relative value of its components : Europe , the Maghreb and the Levant . Basically , Europe was born in the Mediterrenean sea , but concepts such as dielectic , the republic , law and democracy does not understand his in the same way by the mixture of peoples and beliefs that forming the continent . In Western Europe there is a Northern cold , wet , green , misty , atlantic and there is a South hot , dry , tan , bright , mediterranean . The North germanic , protestant . The South , latin and catholic . The North drink beer , South drinks wine . The North is rich , the South is poor . The Iberian Peninsula , in the extreme South-West of Europe , is poor , catholic , latin and producer of fine wines . But even on its own territory there are also enormous differences between North and South . And the North , rugged and atlantic , is clearly separated from the South , flat and mediterranean , by the Tagus basin , which crosses the Peninsula from east to west , until the sea . The river is born in Mount Albaracín , and passes through Toledo and Alcantara , before entering Portugal . Inmediately aftr its source , the Tagus toward to the South and seems destined to the Mediterranean sea , as the Ebro , the Po and the Nile . But little by little , the river turned to the West , crossing the portuguese border , and miraculously becomes navigable . The Tagus is the route by which the North and South serve Lisbon and reach the ocean . It is through the snow down from the mountains , from the inside to the kitchen of the Court . And in the final part of his estuary immense , the Tagus becomes narrower , before emptying into the Atlantic . Lisbon , which , according to legend was founded by Ulysses , constructed as Constantinople , to an inland sea , is the last of the mediterranean cities . It is impossible to bring the major ports of the North , with which is the essence of its maritime trade . Lisbon is a city in the South , sentenced to the North by the Tagus , that away from the other side , and the port , which irretrievably linked to the Atlantic . The sudden growth and uncontrolled to the city invaded the southern ward dormitories that pile up around building sites and warehouses . This profile monotone et depressive attenuates when the end the crossing we land in one of the few settlements from the other side who have managed to remain as they were . These small ports in the estuary tried to survive with the jobs that the river has taught : the fishing and fish salting . The estuary is rich as the Atlantic and navigable as the Mediterranean sea . It was along the mediterranean coast what passed the roads of silk , that crossed paths of salt and spices , olive oil and perfumes , channels of tools and weapons , arts and knowledge , prophecies and faith . For feudal knights of the North , the South of Peninsule is a fabulous kingdom where there are gold , exotic fruits , hunting in abundance , and especially when one reaches to other kingdoms and roads of the East . For the first browsers who passed Gibraltar and entered the Atlantic , the enormous mass of the iberian Peninsula was an island . A fabulous island , behind which the sun dived every day , melting gold and tin which flowed from the earth to the sea . But the island has never been found , And it was believed she had drowned with the sun . For centuries , the Tagus is a line of natural defense for the islamic populations of the south that want to stop the advance of christian warriors , from the North . After the " Reconquest " , the river lost its military importance et les places fortes envahissent Ia plaine du Sud " recovered " to infidels . The christianization of the islamic southern by the warriors of the cross is cruel . Cities are destroyed , and the people killed by knights and men walk that can not distinguish les " arabs " for " jewish " or " christians " In truth , the " jewish " , the " arab " and the " christian " are the same people , which fits circumstances , changing religion depending its activity . There is not " conquerors " , Islamization is an internal phenomenon , is that christian world to converts to Islam . That is the secret key of the South . The islamization of the South is conveyed by the mechanisms of the peace and cooperation , and not by war . Farmers are mostly christians , while in the cities traders become muslims , by personal interest or by the strenght of their convictions . Bull ! The farmer needs the concrete , to pay attention to cycles of land and sowing . The trade , abstract in nature , deals with things that are not real , the concepts . The expansion of Islam to the West was made by merchants which very often are islamic jews . The idea of one God , above all the small gods which was the rural world accustomed to sacrifice appears in the Peninsula with the Romans . The Empire , increasingly huge , governed by a logic of centralization , is forced to lay the foundations itself in the religion by the submission of occuped peoples to a God absolute and complete . In the great roman " villae rusticae " , the first " latifundia " that the South has known , the temple was the only building which workers has access . " Bring all , you mourn with me , because the death is not somethind new ! You cry with me all to which the pain and the weeping of the death have already reached deep ! Remembers , by the lamentations and sacred acts , by Maura , who was my niece ! She had bright eyes et des traits enchanteurs , her mother grew in chastity , and the earth has received blank , immaculate she was put in burial . Unhappy that I am , of having lost so rare flower , who was only fifteen years ! Unhappy that I am , before returning to the joy , live and paintfully sorry hurt because of you ! Mariana ! The villa had , however , a public space where the owner called sharecroppers , addressed the issues of the administration of its field , received his clients , listening to their needs and gave his orders . To a considerable distance of its residence were the houses of the workers and instruments of the farm . The roman Empire is not a continental empire . Its expansion has made , initially , around the " great lake " , of the Mediterranean sea . The means of their success are marine . Its roads , are built in direction of ports . When the network begins to militarise , and the roads become military and non-commercial , the occupied regions tend to be ever more autonomy , becoming increasigly centrifuges . The emperor was the first cult imposed by the romans . An emperor if not huge could be that God , an one God almighty . But at the end of the third century , the emperors began to become human , normal people , with a family and personal stories . Are removed , murdered : they normalize . The meaning of sacred is lost , the notion of a person untouchable and distant who was the emperor at the heigh of the Empire . From there , was create a God more inaccessible , a God abstract , which is not reverse every month as happened at the end of the third century . The transition to christianity was logical . If christianity is the consequence of the cult of the emperor which is perhaps a consequence of the cult to bull as symbol of strenght and power of fertilization , the Islam is pure monotheism born in urban centers of the East . He believes Christ and Mohammed as prophets , by its mouth God speaks to the men . And forced Rome to organize the Croisades and the " Reconquest " . Bull ! Bordered to the North by the Tagus , chased by christians , the South faces endless mountais who suddenly crossed the plain , and prevent further to the Mediterranean sea . In contrast the Tagus , which remains in the middle , the Guadiana , when turn to the South , crossing the mountains of the Algarve and down , along the border , until the sea . But the South , harmonious and tolerant , of trade and contact between people , did not resisted succesive attacks from christian warriors of the North who wanted to achieve the Mediterranean sea . But we have not yet crossed the mountains . Supposons que Mertola est aujourd ´ hui encore ce qu ´ elle a été jusqu ´ à la " Reconquest " , the largest seaport at the south of the Tagus , for arab , romans and phoenicians . Mertola is the port that serves the South inside the territory . By the Guadiana , the wine , wheat and ore trought the mountains and arrive quickly at sea . A swift-sailing boat take less than a day down the river and four to arrive in Tunis . A jewis merchant of Mertola can have what we call today a " commercial home " with a brother who lives in Tunis , another in Marseilles , and another in Jerusalem . Here end the southern Portugal . Behind me is the Atlantic and there is already Spain . And there Isla Cristina , and Huelva , Cadiz , Algeciras , and only after that Gibraltar starts the Mediterranean sea . Almost a day in a boat . If the boat is not sailing ! Thus , the South sailed to Mertola , down the river and when he arrived at the mouth , down to gibraltar or turn to the West and go up to Lisbon by the Atlantic . Even if it is a geographical thuth , the history tells us otherwise . Navigate along the coast of the Algarve is not difficult : the trade is always with major centers such Faro , the old roman Ossonoba , Silva , who arrived by Arade to Portimão , or Lagos . But problems begin when you reach the Sacred Promontory , in the extreme southwest of Europe . Here , the earth is moving in the ocean as a buttress gigantic , who turned in caps de Sagres and de St Vincent . And this huge wall is difficult to circumvent . Browse Valencia to Tunis or Oran have no secrets ; as the sea which is beyond , on the other side of the strait , between the coast of the Algarve and Northern Africa , and that the Arabs call al-Gharbe : the Gulf of the West . What is difficult is to spend the Sacred Promontory , where St Vincent was buried . In the South , the sea is the same , and men and trade are the same , below and beyond Gibraltar . And if the South is the Gulf of Al-Gharbe it is the Mediterranean sea that penetrates in the Atlantic , to North , if we go by earth , the return trip from the boat to two crows , wich reduced to Afonso Henriques the remains of the holy martyr , we see that the Tagus estuary is an extension of the Atlantic that moves opposite Lisbon like the Mediterranean in miniature . Nothing could be more natural than the saint patron of southern sailors finally rest in the last port of the Mediterranean sea . Thus , the small king christian of the North is moved to Lisbon the relics stolen in the Sacred Promontory which the western term to the mediterranean world . - Help ! - Maybe he wants ... Let me go ! What do you want ? Maybe he wants " conquered " the good graces of the city ... - Let me go ! - You are stupid ! Maybe he wants " conquered " the good graces of the city ... by bringing it to one sacred legends the oldest in the christian South of the Pensinsula . Because Lisbon , arabic , mozarabic and jewish , is a city in the South ! Since then , weapons of Lisbon always have a boat with folded sails , and a crow perched on the bow and another at the stern . Yes , but it is in weapons of the city . Because the saint of Lisbon is not St Vincent , is St Antonio . - As you can see ... - Do not touch me . But what idea , St Vincent ! The champion king of the " Reconquest " engraved forever the South in the weapons of the city ... As you can see in the image ! People leave the street of St Antonio , there is not day of St Vincent ! Since the time I live here , I have never seen a celebration for St Vincent ! It is dismal , the church of St Vincent ! He never used to anything , St Vincent . Be in Lisbon not being in the South , is to be at the North , turn the streer corner and discover the South . This is not to be afraid to be in North , because at any time we can go out into the street , running down to the river and cross to the South . For northerners , the South and the Mediterranean sea is just the same , who lives Lisbon , is not , the South is always withing sight , on the other side . It never speaks of the Mediterranean sea . It is a feeling difficult to express .
