 Hello . Good morning , Doug . I missed you . Who is this ? Come on . I know you know me . Refresh my memory . What did we do ? Don 't be naughty . Not yet . We met at the ceremony where they retired your number . I was the brunette by the bar . I 'll cry if you don 't remember me . Or what I said I 'd do . Right . Brunette . Big blue eyes . Touchdown , quarterback . let me ask you something . Are you still with your wife ? Oh , she 's out . Pilates or something- - forget about her . Okay . So , what was your most exciting experience ? Winning your first , second or third ring ? What if I said my most exciting experience was talking to you , honey ? now you 're just being bad . Okay , after the birth of my daughter , I 'd have to say my induction . I remember your speech . You were on crutches , right ? That 's right . Fourth surgery on my right knee . It starts like an S.O.B. when it rains . You follow football ? Always been a fan . You can blame my dad for that . You know , I read recently that you were hospitalized . Was it anything serious ? Okay ... now you 're starting to sound like a reporter . Are you writing a story or something ? Or something . How would you like ... to be remembered ? Doug ? Are you okay ? Is everything all right ? Doug ? Doug ? Hello ? Doug ? Are you still there ? Hello ? Doug ? Hey , H. Detective . What have you got ? The victim is Doug Mcclain . The football player . Who called it in ? The wife . Said she got back from Augustine and found him on the floor . Although he retired 12 years ago , he 's still a star , so when this breaks , it 's gonna break big . Do we have control of the media , detective ? Oh , as good as can be expected , given the circumstances . - The body 's in here . - okay He 's got a stab wound through the neck . Have we located the murder weapon yet ? Did a cursory . Didn 't see anything , but ... we got this . Okay . Check his phone records . Maybe he was attempting to call for help . - Already working on it . - Thank you . Alexx ? Whoever stabbed him perfectly severed his carotid . This spray ... is from his last three heartbeats . Only get that kind of force and volume with a total arterial transection . Alexx , I don 't see any defensive wounds . It doesn 't make sense . Doug Mcclain was one of the best athletes of his time . A man like this would never go down without a fight . Till today . okay . That doesn 't look good . What 's going on ? The victim 's wife and that character want the body . For what ? Cryonics . They want to freeze him ? That 's what they said . Excuse me . Mrs. Mcclain ? I 'm Alexx Woods , M.E. I 'm sorry for your loss . Thank you . But I can 't let you take your husband 's body . But it was Doug 's wish to be frozen until he could be cryonically revived . He made all of the arrangements with the cryonic facility and ... and dr . Klein ... yes . I understand , but that was before he died a vioeant dleth . An autopsy could seriously compromise Doug 's chances of revival . With all due respect , doctor , fame doesn 't exempt him . I have jurisdiction over the remains of his body . Here . Does this help ? It 's an injunction from judge Porterson . An autopsy will never bring back Doug , but some day ... science will . I have an eight - year-old daughter , and I know it sounds crazy , but ... Doug wanted to see her grow up . This way , maybe ... one day he will see her . And maybe even her children . We 'll just take the body . Okay , this is subject to court ajudication . In the meantime , you better find me a seat in your van , because that body does not leave my sight . Certainly . Mcclain was inducted into the hall of fame just last year . Famed football quarterback Doug Mcclain was found murdered in his home early this morning . He broke records in 1988 for total yards thrown . Doug 's wife , Elissa , was not available for comment . Stay tuned to channel four news , as we continue to bring you ... that 's heparin , isn 't it ? Yes . You do realize an anti-coagulant is elusess on the dead , right ? Dead to you , doctor . We operate with a different definition . Heparin helps maintain tissue viability . Okay . Get him in . You find anything , csi Duquesne ? Only smudges , detective berkeley . I didn 't hear you leave this morning . Well , you know , a girl 's got to keep some mystery . Okay . Well , what do you got on this one ? Well , I can tell you there was no forced entry and this window was the only thing open . Well , it might be how the killer got in . This doesn 't belong . What is it ? It 's a piece of double-sided tape , but look at the fibers in it . It 's too short to be carpet . I bet it was pulled off of whoever came through the window . You find anything ? Oh , yeah . Just ... probable motive . Somebody took Mcclain 's three championship rings . " 1995 championship ball . " I 'm assuming there used to be a football there . It would have been from his last game . Took his team into the championship one last time and then retired . The man was a class act . You know , I knew that you liked football , but I wasn 't aware that you were so into it . Well , you need your mornings , I need my sunday afternoons . So you really think that Mcclain was killed for a few keepsakes ? Keepsakes ? The stuff in this room 's got to be worth a fortune . Well , then , why not take it all ? Three championship rings and a signed team ball is definitely worth the most . Then I think the killer definitely knew what he was doing . You gonna be able to pull any prints off that ? It 's worth a try . Alexx , what do you got ? Doug Mcclain 's wife presented a signed court order , Horatio . Signed by who ? Judge Porterson , miami 's leading advocate of progresvesi science . You mean leading advocate of science fiction . It 's gonna take a hearing before I can get Doug under my knife . By then , we could lose everything . Okay , here 's what we do . Shift to plan " B. " I 'm on my way to precore now . I 'll let you know . Keep me posted . Hey , d g youidet a chance to look over the things I brought in from the trophy case ? Yeah . I got a print on that pair of cleats . But it doesn 't match Doug Mcclain or his wife , and afis doesn 't recognize it . Well , nothing comes easy , doeshat ? W it 's that ? You were right about the sticky tape you found by the window . The fibers don 't match anything in Mcclain 's house . It 's silk . Italian silk . Killer could have brought it in on his clothing . Yeah . Unfortunately , a lot of people wear it . Well , you got anything better ? No . But Mcclain was on the phone at the time of the murder , so Tripp is running the records to see who he was talking to . You think he has somebody ? Yeah . Her name is Wendy Legassic . Wendy Legassic , I 'm Calleigh Duquesne . Hi . That 's a pretty top . Is it silk ? Yeah . We 're going to have to take a sample of your top to compare to some fibers we found at the Doug Mcclain crime scene . What makes you think I was at the crime scene ? According to the phone records , you were the last person to speak to Doug Mcclain before he was killed . The closest I got to him was the phone . I was just updating his obituary . I 'm sorry ? Newspapers like to be prepared for an unexpected death . We have obituaries of people still alive on file so when they pass , we 're ready to print . That is morbid . So I take it that you 're a reporter ? My boss gave me a list of names and told me to update them . And people will just talk to you ? You figure out ways to get them to open up . Doug was a jock . It 's pretty obvious what part of the ego you have to stroke . I was the brunette by the bar . I 'll cry if you don 't remember me . That 's the list of people that I had to update . See ? Doug Mcclain ? Fidel castro , dick cheney ... I don 't understand why Doug would be at the top the list . He doesn 't have near the medical history of these other people . My boss says that retired football players have a high mortality rate . Something about the abuse to their bodies . And the abuse got a whole lot worse during the phone call . Am I right ? What are you accusing me of ? It just seems to be an incredible coincidence that Doug Mcclain would be killed on the same day you were updating his obituary . That doesn 't mean I had anything to do with it . Are you sure ? You didn 't keep Doug on the phone so that someone would have opportunity to kill him ? Why would I do that ? I don 't know . But I 'm going to find out . Have you prepped the equipment , doctor ? Yes . What are you using it for ? Well , if I can 't perform a traditional autopsy to figure out what happened to him , I 'm going to conduct a virtopsy . As long as you do it quickly . We need to get him into a neuropod asap . I have to warn you , it 's going to be freezing in there . Yes . Horatio . Yes . I 'm working on our quarterback now . Right . Right . But this will take longer than the real thing . I have to compile each scan until I get a fully-rendered model of the knife wound . I understand , Alexx . What else ? According to early data , he does have a fracture on his hand . Looks like to the second metacarpal , with swelling around the wrist . Swelling around the wrist ? Perhaps he punched someone or something , huh ? Yeah . Looks like he may have fought back after all . Maybe . Keep me posted . Hey . Hey . You hear anything from Calleigh about the obit writer ? Wendy ? Calleigh couldn 't place her at the scene . All right . I guess we keep digging , huh ? What have you got ? Well , I 'm trying to track down Doug Mcclain 's stolen memorabilia off the internet . How many sites have you been to ? 14 ... so far . you know how many sites there are , right ? Yeah . wait a minute . Go back . There 's some football stuff there . Championship rings . That them ? Looks like it . Championship years ' 92 , ' 93 and ' 95 . Yeah . And there 's the football right there . Oh , ye of little faith . All of these items were put up for auction by a Theo Knight . Well , Theo 's about to get a very disappointing return on his investment . Let me call Horatio . Why do you guys need my prints ? We have reason to believe that Doug Mcclain was killed during a robbery of his football memorabilia . You seem like quite a fan , Theo . My dad lived and died by Doug Mcclain . Every snap . Every pass . What , you guys think I broke into his house to steal from his personal collection ? We don 't know . We found a fingerprint , though , on an old cleat of his . Is that going to match one of these ? It may . I was there two weeks ago , but not last night . I bought this stuff . I spent a fortune . So he sold you three championship rings and an autographed team ball willingly ? Well , his manager did . Martin Wilson . He gave me a good price . I had to have it . You had to have it ? You were online within hours of his murder selling it , Theo . I was going to add it to my collection here , but when one of these legends dies , collectors go into a frenzy . Right . News breaks , your 100-k investment climbs up to seven figures . Is that right ? I guess I 'm a lucky guy . Yes , but not for long . Tragic day for the sports world , mr . Wilson . Doug Mcclain was a legend . Yes . And I understand you were his business manager . And now I 'm managing his estate . And selling it off rather rapidly , too . What are you talking about ? Apparently , you just sold some pieces of memorabilia to a Theo Knight for $ 100 , 000 . I had to . Doug had , um ... cash flow problems . He spent money like he was still in his prime . Got so bad , I had to sell his stuff just to keep him afloat . I notice that you have a black eye . Now , we found mr . Mcclain with a broken hand . Am I to assume that he was not happy about what you were doing ? It was a sore subject . Dougie wore those on that naked bootleg , ' 93 . Game winner . What else you got ? Well , over here we have his first ... what the hell 's going on ? You told me a reporter was coming in here . Would you excuse us for a minute ? Sure . Thanks . You 're selling all my stuff ? This is my life . If it wasn 't for me , you wouldn 't have a life . Was that before you killed him this morning ? I was nowhere near Doug Mcclain this morning . You can check . I 'm going to . You 're running the double-sided tape from Doug Mcclain 's windowsill ? Yeah . I already did . You had silk fibers on one side , but even better- - epithelials on the other . And what would cause that ? You 're such a guy . Remember J-Lo 's green versace dress ? what do you think held that up ? Double-sided adhesive ? This is wardrobe tape . Did you get a profile from it ? CODIS should tell us any second . Rita Sullivan . She 's got an interesting rap sheet . One and only arrest , 2004 , for breaking and entering a residence . Yeah . She broke into Doug Mcclain 's house . That was three years ago , and that was a complete misunderstanding . Doug and I were having an affair , and his wife caught us in their bed , and she completely overreacted . You know that Doug Mcclain 's dead ? I know . I saw it on tv . Well , we found tape from your dress that proves you entered his house again , through a window . That 's because Doug called me a few days ago and asked me if I wanted to come over . He said his wife was away . Did you ? And when I got there , he wasn 't home yet . So why not wait , hmm ? Why climb through a window ? I knew Doug since his playing days . We had a special relationship . And I wanted to surprise him . I was gone before dawn . Can you prove that ? Look , I know what you 're trying to say , but I would never hurt Doug . Never . I think you got tired of climbing through windows , miss Sullivan . I think you got tired of being Doug 's second choice . Being Doug Mcclain 's second choice was more than any girl could ask for . Except being his first . you know , there is a great thai restaurant next to the shore club . You don 't give up , do you ? Neither do I. Now , be careful with that , girl . You gotta make sure it 's pulled right back to your ... shoulder or it 's going to kick back . You okay ? Okay ? All right . Yep.I 'm good . All right . I 'm going to check out . Oh , yeah ? Knyou ow , I ... I saw what happened out there . Is your , um , shoulder okay ? Yep . I 'm fine . It 's good . Okay . Take care of that shoulder . by now , the world has heard about the death of sports legend Doug Mcclain , but tonight , on tape , you will hear his actual death at the hand of his murderers . Don 't miss the newest and most exciting chapter in the mystery that is gripping the nation . Hey , Calleigh , I think we might want to take another look at that obituary writer . Okay , so I didn 't exactly tell you everything . That is the understatement of the year , miss Legassic . I did call mr . Mcclain for my article . But you conveniently left out the part where you had the murder recorded . I was taping the conversation so I wouldn 't miss anything . At the time , I wasn 't even sure atwh I was hearing . What exactly did you hear ? I can 't say . I signed a non-disclosure agreement with the tv station . It 's legally binding . So are handcuffs . It 's your choice , Wendy . He was literally talking to me one second and gone the next . I kept recording until my cell battery ran out . And so your first instinct after you found out he was killed was to sell the tape ? I 'm not a monster , officer . I just wanted to get out of the obituary business . you thought the recording would make you a reporter at wetx . I 've got an exclusive for you , Wendy . That tape is never gonna make it to tv . A judge has issued a warrant , I 'm confiscating it and I 'm arresting you for obstruction of justice . Your journalism career died with Doug Mcclain . You can write an obituary for it . Okay , I uploaded Wendy Legassic 's phone conversations . What 's next ? Let 's start with Doug Mcclain 's final words . I understand . I 'm sorry . Doug , are you okay ? Doug ? Okay , now search for spiking activity . here 's some activity . Almost 25 minutes after he was stabbed . now , that sounds like somebody moving around the house , doesn 't it ? and that 's somebody making a phone call . Ten digits ; an area code and a phone number . Track the numbers . I 'm on it . I use reverse directory . Elissa Mcclain ? Lieutenant , why would the killer be calling the victim 's wife ? Because they must be connected . Mrs. Mcclain , did you hire somebody to kill your husband ? Absolutely not . Why would you ask that ? Because it turns out that you and your husband weren 't living together , and your current listing is in coral gables under your maiden name . Doug and I have been separated for a year now . I have my own place , but we 're discreet about it . Dougeras v wy high-profile , you know , about image control , public perception , his legacy . It was his livelihood . And a divorce would taint that . Fans hold an idealized view of Doug , and they pay big for that perfect , infallible ideal . Okay , so let me ask you this . If you didn 't hire somebody to kill him , who called you from the crime scene ? Martin . Doug 's manager called . Why would he do that ? To tell me what happened . He wanted me back at the house before the police or the press got there , because everybody thinks that Doug and I are still together . Was he there when you arrived ? No . Do you think he killed Doug ? Do you ? Mr. Wilson , your cell phone call to Elissa Mcclain places you at the scene at the time of the murder . I had a meeting with Doug this morning . I 'm his manager . And when I found his body , I called Elissa . 'Cause you told us you were nowhere near Doug Mcclain this morning . Now , that 's a flat-out lie . Look , this is all about discretion , damage control . I started collecting things that Doug wouldn 't want the public to find out about : Whiskey bottles , diet pills , little blue pills , then I got out of there . I sell heroes , not broken-down stars . I 'd like the items , mr . Wilson . Who 's this ? I took care of everything for him but that . Never got a straight answer . I think it 's time to get one . So , are there prints on the photograph ? Yeah , but it 's not usable . But the kid 's wearing Doug 's old number , and that can 't be a coincidence . No , it 's not . Also , I can see part of a logo on the back of his helmet . And it looks to me like it says " lauderhill . " " Lauderhill youth program . " Exactly . That 's what I thought . Yes . More importantly , natalia , who is this kid ? I 'll call lauderhill . We got to find him . Lieutenant , april . I 'm with the lauderhill youth program . Thank you for coming in . So you received our e-mail . I guess we 're hoping that you may be able to identify the child in the photograph . Yeah , we , uh , we sponsor a youth football team every summer . He was our star quarterback . Where might I find him ? Lieutenant , he had a rare kidney disease . He died last week . What 's his name ? Caleb . Caleb Sullivan . May I ? Sure . Sullivan . Is that your son , miss Sullivan ? Yes . Who 's his father ? Doug Mcclain ... but in DNA only . Caleb was only six years old when he died . You know , I never asked Doug for anything- - money , nothing . I raised Caleb all on my own . He was everything to me . And then he got sick . His kidneys failed , didn 't they ? Uli wod have given him both of mine , but I wasn 't a match , and there was a good chance that Doug was . Dougie , he idolizes you . He even put your number on his jersey . Please . If he doesn 't get this transplant , he will die . I 'll need to check with my attorney about this , okay ? I 'll see what I can do . Please , Dougie , he 's so young . I 'll give you a call next week . Dougie , come on ! I never heard from him . You know , everyone acts like Doug Mcclain was some big hero , but the man turned his back on his own son . You broke into the house this morning , didn 't you ? Yeah . I heard Doug on the phone with some new girl . Same as he ever was . What if I said my most exciting experience was talking to you , honey ? Now you 're starting to sound like a reporter . then you stabbed him , Rita , didn 't you ? Yeah . Okay . Where is the knife now ? I left it in him . Why ? It 's not there ? Miss Sullivan , someone removed it . Rita Sullivan confessed ? Alexx , she confessed to leaving the knife in the body . We never recovered it . Wasn 't at the scene . Well , that changes the scenario . Although , I 'm sure she meant to finish Doug off . But she didn 't , did she ? No . According to the virtopsy data , when the knife went in , it severed his carotid artery , paralyzing Doug but not killing him . The blade plugged the hole like a cork . So the removal of the blade is what killed him . When the knife came out , it unleashed the arterial blood just as Doug 's heart pumped its last three beats . Is there anything to suggest Rita didn 't kill him ? You know , Horatio ... there may be . See these dark spots in the wound ? That 's clotted blood . These darker portions are coagulated red blood cells . The light ones are fibrin and platelets . And a dead body doesn 't produce fibrin . With this amount of clotting , that blade had to have been inside Doug for a significant amount of time . How long , Alexx ? 30 , 40 minutes . 30 to 40 minutes ? But the recorded phone call was only 25 minutes . So we 're looking at a two-part murder . Rita started the process ... and somebody else finished it . Hey . How goes it ? You know , too much evidence and not enough hours in the day . atth 's the truth . Man , you okay ? What 's the matter ? I think my shoulder 's out . Oh , boy . Okay , look , you got to go see the doctor . I can 'T . This is going to go on my record , and it 's going to get out that I can 't shoot a shotgun . It 's not going back in on its own . Okay , well ... can you do it for me ? Please . All right . Just relax , okay ? Okay . - You all right ? You loose ? - Okay . All right , good . Look at me . All right . okay , all right . Put your arm over here . Okay ? Yeah . All right . Just breathe . Okay . - Don 't try to be a tough guy , all right ? - Okay . It 's only going to get worse . If you need to , you go to the doctor . All right ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you . Delko . Stetler . What are you sniffing around about ? Horatio 's got me working to supercede a court order , reclaim your frozen football star 's body . Working with us for a change . You are aware of the pending new rules regarding fraternization among officers , aren 't you ? New as in different after you and yelina salas ? Things have changed . The county 's caving to the state 's pressure on the issue of sexual harassment litigation . That 's interesting . The department 's redefining its policies on fraternization of officers . You would be best served sharing that with the others in the lab . Listen , Stetler , if you have something to say to csi Duquesne or detective berkeley , you 'd best be served telling them yourself . Duquesne and berkeley ? I was talking about you and boa vista , but thank you . Calleigh , hey . It 's Delko . I ... think I might have just put you in a jam . Give me a call back when you get the message , all right ? Hey , turn it around , berkeley ; we got a suspect in the grove . Yeah , I was just coming to find you . Great , let 's go . I can 't work this case . Why ? Because you 're on it . What are you talking about ? I 've just been informed of pending changes in department policy . Are you saying that we can 't work a crime scene together because we 've been seeing each other ? More like we can 't work a crime scene because we may have a falling out and things get ugly and job performance may suffer . You sound like you 're a firm believer . No . I just got Rick Stetler breathing down my neck . How does Rick Stetler know anything about us ? I don 't know . Listen , I think we should just take a step back ¡ ª let things cool down a little bit , okay ? Okay . Hey , Calleigh . I heard you were riding over to Martin Wilson 's house . I 'm going to ride with you . You might have to . Calleigh , what 's up ? Nothing . What 's wrong ? Did I interrupt something ? How does Rick Stetler have even the faintest idea what 's going on in my personal life ? It was an accident . I left you a message . I called you . I didn 't get it . I never intended for this to happen , okay ? I don 't like the situation with jake , but I wouldn 't rat you out . You know that . Let 's just work the case . Going somewhere , mr . Wilson ? Ah , back again . You guys are thorough , aren 't you ? What 's in the envelope , Martin ? Doug 's personal effects I picked up from precore . You know , everything has its place . What about the murder weapon , does it have a place ? Hey , I didn 't take the knife . He was dead , and I wasn 't about to mess with him . He wasn 't dead . He bled out after the knife was extracted . He died over 30 minutes after he was stabbed , and you were right there . Look , I have been nothing but cooperative . Feel free to open it up . Whatever you want . What are you doing with a body bag , Wilson ? That 's Doug 's also . I 'm not working now , and I figured it would be the last big ticket item I could sell . Wow , you 're a real class act , Martin . Something 's punctured right through the bag from the inside . It 's about the same width as the wound in Doug 's neck . Hey , I have no idea how that got there . What a surprise . This is coming with us . And so are you . Precore is concerned with organ and tissue preservation . Preparing Doug Mcclain 's blood vessels and cells for cryo storage . We are not concerned about the plastic body bag . The body bag , dr . Klein , was used to smuggle the murder weapon away from my crime scene . Now , did you remove the knife from mr . Mcclain 's neck ? I 'm a scientist , lieutenant . I 've been around long enough to know you 're making enormous suppositions . That may be , but I want you to open the tank . You 're going to have to take this up with judge Porterson . To bring you up to speed , the judge has rescinded the court order . So open the tank . I ... can 't do that . The neuropod 's already been set to negative 320 degrees fahrenheit . We take him out , his preservation could be compromised . And if we don 't , so will yours . Open it . what 's that ? That , mrs . Mcclain , is the murder weapon which we found next to your husband 's body . And that is your fingerprint . They told me it would be 40 years before they opened that . I can assure you the investigation can 't wait that long , mrs . Mcclain . I didn 't want to go there . I didn 't want to see Doug like that . But Martin , his manager , insisted . Wanted me to play the part of the grieving widow . So you kept up appearances . I went back to the house . I found him there . I couldn 't believe what I was seeing . I called precore . Which is when you realized he was still alive . I heard him groan . It was ... it was so soft , I thought I 'd imagined it . I didn 't know what to do . Martin wanted to protect the estate . His reputation . But ... I just couldn 't pretend anymore . The way Doug was living his life , he was ... he was depreciating every day . And he was dragging me and our daughter down with him . He was just going to keep screwing up until everything just came crashing down around us . So he was worth more to you dead than alive . Is that what you 're telling me ? So I pulled out the knife . and like that , it was over . He bled to death . Doctor , please ... take this from me . I 'm sorry , mrs . Mcclain , I can 't take that knife . My husband is the biggest name is sports . This is publicity you can 't buy . Now , if you want his body in your facility you will do this . I 'm calling 911 . Precore takes their van for one lap around the block . Arrives shortly after you do . And I play my role one last time . Mrs. Mcclain , I can assure you , that the next several years are going to be very real .
