 ( pop beat plays ) ( chatting indistinctly ) I need the free time I need to get away I need the free time ... ( yelling and screaming ) ( glass shattering ) ( yelling ) ( furniture breaking ) ( siren wailing in distance ) ( indistinct background radio communication ) Yeah , yeah . No . All right . Yeah , hold on , hold on . Happy hour . Joint was packed . Two fatalities , four critical . How about the driver ? Nonresponsive . Let 's hurry it up here . I 've got a GOS of three . I need to intubate . She 's pretty shocky right now . Hey , Sara . Typical Thursday . Hank ? Your wrist is broken . Yeah , it is . Larry , take over , will you ? I 've got it , Hank . The car 's dry . This must 've happened right before the rain . What happened ? I was sitting at the table . Next thing I knew ... I got a heartbeat ! Excuse me . All right , I got it . It 's pretty weak . Some happy hour , huh ? I think happy hour 's over . ( siren whoops ) ( indistinct background radio communication ) ( helicopter flying overhead ) Mind if I take over ? No , go ahead . You okay ? Yeah . I didn 't think I 'd see you tonight . So that 's what all this is about . Thanks . Any time . Listen , I got to head over to the hospital , and I 'm sure you got to get back to work . Yeah , but ... will you call me if you need anything ? My cell will be on . Anything . ( siren blares ) You and Catherine are running the evidence on this . Warrick just got done with Internal Affairs . He 's on his way . Okay . You need to talk to the restaurant manager , too . Anything else ? No . Where are you going ? I got gas . Oh . Residential gas leak in Henderson . Are you the restaurant manager ? Yes . I 'm Sara Sidle , Crime Lab . Oh , hi , Fred Lychock . Ooh , sorry . Um ... your supervisor asked for a seating chart . Everything 's computerized ... software program . This here 'll show you the number of people per table . Where were you during the crash ? I was at the register , behind the bar . Did you see anything ? A blurry Jaguar speeding through the intersection . ( car accelerating ) I thought the car would slow down , but it just kept right on coming . If you ask me , that 's the reason why old people don 't belong behind the wheel . Yeah , l-I didn 't ask you . Thanks for your time . I 'm sorry . I got wrapped up in ... Hank . Yeah . An old Jaguar with a GPS unit . That 's strange . Yeah , not your granny 's Oldsmobile . We 're cleared to go in ? Yeah . Gas company shut off the valve at the street . Paramedics aired out the scene . Homicide radioed in a D.B. ? Vanessa Arnz . She 's in the master bedroom , next to the son 's room . Thanks . The gas company spikes its natural gas with mercaptan ... smells like rotten eggs . I don 't smell anything . All 's I smell is mothballs and stale tobacco . Science geek . Takes one to know one , I guess . Hello , David . Hey . She 's hot pink , like a maraschino . Makes our job easier . Death was not the result of natural gas inhalation . No , but carbon monoxide 's still gas . Right , when carbon monoxide displaces oxygen in the blood , victim asphyxiates , turns ... pink . Was Mr. Arnz in bed with her ? Uh , yeah . Paramedics said they found them both in here . So why is she dead and he 's alive ? You know , Dave , when I was a CSI-One , I would 've tried to answer that , but now I know " where " before " why . " First step , find the source of the O.O. I 'll grab the Nighthawk , fire it up . Mr. Arnz has been stabilized . They 're preparing him for transport . I want to take a look at him . Yeah . I wake up in the middle of the night sometimes , if I get cold . Vanessa steals the covers . Uh , I woke up and my head was spinning . I think I 'm coming down with something . Then I look over at her ... ( gasping ) Vanessa . ( clattering ) ( phone dialing ) My wife isn 't breathing . Do you remember anything else ? No , I don 't remember hanging up the phone . I must 've passed out . Next thing I know the paramedics are taking me out . We got to roll . Patient will be at Desert Palm . Wait a minute . What about my boy ? Peter seems fine . The kid 's 18 . Signed an AMA . Peter ... my name 's Gil Grissom . I 'm with the Las Vegas Crime Lab . You want to ask me questions . I was in my bedroom , asleep . I heard the doorbell . It was the paramedics . A few minutes later , the police showed up . I 'm very sorry about what happened to your mother . Why are you sorry ? You 're not responsible . You didn 't know her . You don 't know me . Technician to Radiology . Technician to Radiology . How 's she doing ? Doctors are working on her right now . Doesn 't look good . Relative ? Driver 's been I.D. ' d as Diane Lambert . That 's her grandson Corey . Hi , Corey ? Hey . I 'm , uh , Sara Sidle . I 'm with the Las Vegas Crime Lab . Do you mind if I ask you a couple questions ? I don 't even know why she was in Las Vegas . We live in Laughlin . She hates it here . Corey , um ... did your grandmother own a Jaguar ? Yeah ... ( sniffles ) Yeah , she won it in the , uh , quarter slots . First two coins and bingo . Triple stars . She also win the GPS ? No . She hadn 't been driving it much . Uh , she got lost a couple times and it scared her , so for her birthday last month , I bought her the unit . Can you excuse me for a second ? Yeah . Hey . Hey . And the EMT of the year award goes to ... Not me . Death toll 's now three . Could climb to four . Elaine ... the girl in the wheelchair ... she 's one of the lucky ones . You were amazing . Eight years in the rig , first time I 've actually been a part of the scene . I can 't stop it going through my head . Yeah , you never know when your life 's going to change . Listen , I ... I got to get out of here . You need a lift ? No , I drove . Hank ? I 'm really glad you 're okay . Thanks . Plenty of tire treads , but nothing looks fresh . So you going to tell me how it went ? I got called in by Internal Affairs . How do you think it went ? Too many questions . Thanks . I wish I could 've pleaded the Fifth . Yeah , you don 't answer their questions , you 're looking at more days off without pay , and that blows . Yeah . It 's a red light camera . Did any of the witnesses see the driver run the red light ? Nobody mentioned it , but the camera 's there . Big Brother knows . I 'll put in a call . Motor Oil . Now , that looks fresh . ( car accelerating ) ( metallic clank ) Hitting the curb could 've caused the car to buck . Traffic light , intersection , curb . Well , either the car wasn 't working , or the driver wasn 't . Looks like the newspaper dispenser used to be here . ( car accelerating ) ( metallic clank ) Catherine . Tire treads . That kills one theory . Oar 's brakes must 've been working . She tried to stop , but it was too late . Let me guess : No air bags in the vehicle . No . Preliminary cause of death , epidural hematoma . Her head impacted the steering wheel . ( glass shattering ) Blood accumulated between the table of the skull and the dural membrane . Her injury is consistent with a severed middle meningeal artery . What about pre-impact ? At the risk of feeding a stereotype , she was 72 . Any indication of stroke , Alzheimer 's , heart attack ? I considered and dismissed all age-related factors . No arthritis , no significant impairment of her senses . She has had part of her colon removed , probably due to injury or prior medical condition , but , Sara , it 's irrelevant to your case . I found no physiological explanation for the crash . Well , that 's a bummer , 'cause at this point , we got no forensic one , either . Carbon monoxide fills the air when any carbon-based substance is ignited . ( detector beeps slowly ) The kid checks out , so ... the point of ignition 's probably this room . Now , the two most common causes for accidental household O.O. Poisoning : Unvented space heaters and improperly maintained chimneys . I don 't see any heaters . My dad 's a fireman . Last Christmas , he gave all the kids O.O. Detectors . ( beeping faster ) Would 've saved this woman 's life . 25 parts per million . That 's the highest reading in the room . This is a natural gas burning fireplace . Burns clean . O.O. Fumes should be minimal at best . Foreign substance . Still warm . There was something other than natural gas burning in here . If the gas company hadn 't shut off the gas , whatever that is probably would 've burned up . Chimneys are designed to funnel smoke up and out . If this fireplace was the source of the O.O. , the fumes should 've traveled up the chimney instead of permeating the room . Unless the chimney isn 't doing its job . ( clanging ) The damper 's busted . ( creaking ) Foreign fuel source and a compromised chimney ... I think we just ruled out accident . Hey , I hear you 're working on Hank 's case . I believe it 's my case . Territorial . You know , guys don 't like that . You 're crowding me , Greg . Well , I have some information that could bring us even closer . But you first . What are we looking at ? I downloaded the memory from the GPS in the Jaguar . She wasn 't a local ; I wanted to see if she got lost . Well , did she ? Diane Lambert lives in Laughlin . Excuse me . She took 95 North to Summerlin Parkway . Then she took Parkway to Rampart , made a left on Main Street and headed straight to Meadows Lane ... 16 North Meadows Lane . That 's where she was going , and that 's where she ended up . So does that thing tell you why ? What do you have , Greg ? Well , maybe she had the munchies . Tox screen came back . Mrs. Lambert tested positive for cannabis sativa . Grass ? " Grass " ? So ' 70s , man . Sticky green , the dank . The chronic , the cush , happy stick , wacky-tobaccy ... Well , wait , wait , wait . Grandma was high ? Yeah . Grandma was high . ( inhales ) As a kite . Hey . Return visit , huh ? You 're here about the tox screen . Yeah . Was Diane Lambert legally impaired ? Less than two nanograms of THO , so , per NIDA , she wasn 't . Oh . But , if she were a longtime user , her reaction time could 've been slowed down , right ? I know where you 're going . Let me stop you . THO has no significant cumulative effect , so maybe the question you should be asking is : Why was a woman her age doping up ? Okay , why was a woman her age doping up ? Tell you what ... check out her optic nerve . Nerve 's damaged . She had glaucoma . I thought you said she was in good health . That was before the tox screen came back . You know , it 's not standard procedure to check for glaucoma , but the Mary Jane tipped me off . People think it slows the progression of the disease , but it just reduces the pressure in the eye and that reduction 's only temporary . Prescription medications do a much better job . Unfortunately , they don 't have the same side effects . Her vision could 've been impaired by the glaucoma . It didn 't affect her driving . Sara , Diane Lambert has nothing more to tell you . ( beeping ) Hello . Oh , hey . So , I got photos of the restaurant patrons off the DMV database and input the information per the restaurant seating chart and the police report . Who 's Elaine Alcott ? Who ? Oh , well , she was seated with Hank . I just thought maybe that ... Oh . Anyway , um ... Apparently , she told PD that she was returning from the ladies ' room at the time of the impact . They must be friends . I saw him with her at the hospital . Okay . Um ... okay , so , we 've got 36 people in the restaurant . 12 worked for Sillmont Healthcare , a block away . Another ten were from the brokerage firm across the street , a couple of regulars , a few out-of-towners and ... restaurant employees . You know how long it takes to get in touch with anybody at the Transportation Safety Bureau ? It 's way out of hand . Diane Lambert ran the light . Wow . She sped through that intersection ... 52 miles per hour . That 's more than twice the speed limit . Well , the tread marks tell us that her brakes did work , so it must 've been something else that malfunctioned , causing her to accelerate . Gas pedal could 've gotten stuck , or ... throttle plate could 've jammed . There 's only one way to find out . I 'm on it . Hey . You have , uh ... Don 't worry about it . How 's it going ? You find anything ? No . Oar checks out perfectly . Well , I did some more digging down at the TSB . I found out that the red light camera that photo 'd our driver catches four times as many violators as any other camera in Vegas . Intersection 's dangerous . Could be a death trap . I didn 't page you . No , I just figured I 'd come by . You 're checking up on me again . No , I 'm checking up on my evidence . ( sighs ) Do you think , if you hover , the FTIR will work faster ? Yeah ... Hodges , that 's what I think . Hey , boss . ( printer whirring ) Nice timing . Foreign substance in the fireplace is carbon . Associated minerals ? None . Pure , unadulterated carbon . It may be pure , but it 's not solid . Micro-pores . Sample 's under the scope . Activated charcoal ? Used in filtration systems , kitty litter , some medications ... And possibly a murder . Building has mirrored glass on it . Lets in the light , but keeps out the glare . Sun sets in the west behind us . Glare could be pretty intense in the afternoon . Could explain why this intersection is so dangerous . So you think the sun was a factor in the crash ? Well , according to the accident report , the sun set at 5 : 30 yesterday . The accident was at 5 : 15 , so the sun was still in the sky . Trees and buildings extend at least ten degrees above the western horizon . Yeah . All right , well , there 's 24 hours in a day , 360 degrees in the Earth 's rotation . 360 divided by 24 is ... 15 ? 15 . Sun moves about 15 degrees an hour . At 5 : 15 yesterday , the sun would 've been about what ... 3.75 degrees above the horizon ? Wow , you 're fast . 3.75 , huh ? Then the sun was behind the trees at the time of the accident , so it was not a factor . Great . And our investigation is still in the dark . ( rock music blaring ) ( music stops ) I just got a page from James Watson . And I got one from Francis Crick . What 's going on , Greg ? Well , as you both know , Watson and Crick are the granddaddies of DNA . Without their discoveries , I 'd have nothing to do all day . What have you been doing all day ? A tox report on your d.b. , Ms. Pretty in Pink . She died of carbon monoxide poisoning . Blood saturation level of 46.2 % . No surprise there . Nicotine levels are high ... she was a smoker . And she popped a couple of sleeping pills that night . Nothing probative . Well , what if I told you that Mr. Arnz had a carbon monoxide blood saturation level of 37 % ... nearly ten percent lower than his wife . Mrs. Arnz was a smoker . Typically , a smoker 's blood is already 10 % saturated with O.O. You mean smokers get a jump start on the poisoning process ? Could explain the 10 % difference . It could also explain why he lived and she died . Nice theory , but what if I told you that Mr. Arnz had high nicotine levels as well . They were both smokers . Still doesn 't explain why one lived and one died . Well , I don 't know if this is going to help , but the sleeping pills are Zolpidem . Prescription only . I thought I 'd save you some time , talked to Lockwood . She didn 't have a prescription , but her husband does . Thanks , Greg . ( rock music blaring ) Hey , check this out . The red light camera clocked her speed at 52 miles per hour , right ? Mm-hmm . The computer software pegged her at 60 by the time she hits the newspaper dispenser . She accelerated into the building . You already reviewed the driver 's tox screen . Now you want her basic blood panel . I 'm running with a hunch . Let 's go . All righty . Acetylcholine levels were low , epinephrine was high . Why are you focused on those hormones ? Kamikaze pilots , World War Il ... their bloodwork was very unusual . Acetylcholine levels were low , epinephrine was through the roof . Well , you 're talking about the sympathetic response to stress ... eyes dilate , uh ... heart rate goes up , hormones go haywire . Diane Lambert lived two hours away . If she drove her car into Vegas with the intention of using it as a murder weapon , I imagine she would be pretty stressed out . Kamikaze Granny . ( door bells jingling ) Isaac Asimov ... one of my favorite writers . " If knowledge can create problems , then it is not through ignorance that we will solve them . " Is that what you 're doing here ? Solving problems ? It 's my job to figure out what happened to your mother . Scientists derive satisfaction from figuring out the puzzle . It 's about the quest ... not the grail . Asimov believed that only scientists could understand the universe . His corollary : " It 's not so much that I have confidence in scientists being right ... " " But that I have so much confidence in nonscientists being wrong . " You a scientist ? Yeah . I am . Peter ? The boxes won 't unload themselves . Peter and I were hoping to get back into the house tonight . No , no . Not tonight , sir . It 's still an active crime scene . Our lab found Zolpidem in your wife 's system ... 20 milligrams . That 's twice the recommended dosage . Do you know anything about that ? Well ... Vanessa was having trouble sleeping . The , uh ... prescription is in your name . Are you accusing me of something ? No . We 're just telling you what we know . Look , uh ... ( sighs ) Ever since this discount chain opened a branch down the block , I been working 16-hour days just trying to survive . And I 'd go home , and Vanessa would come at me . You 're always tired . You never talk to me . Y-You need to communicate with me . You know , I have needs . I 'm here all day long . You never talk to me . She 'd just go on and on and on , talking . When she 'd finally let me get to sleep , she 'd want what every woman wants . L-I don 't mean just sex . She 'd want to talk and talk . Next thing you know , it 's 5 : 00 a.m. , the alarm is screaming at me , and I got to go back to work . So you drugged your wife to get some shut-eye ? Yeah . I put it in her ice cream . I know it was wrong , but ... It 's also illegal . Yeah . Happened as an accident the first time . See , I got a problem swallowing pills , so I crush them up in the ice cream . One night , she grabbed the wrong bowl and was out like a light . Best night 's sleep I 'd had in a long time . Well , if you ... you got nothing else you want to ask , I got things I got to do . I have one more question . When did you quit smoking ? I noticed the , uh , nicotine patch on your arm . Oh , uh ... about three weeks . Doctor 's orders . I got high blood pressure . I have another question . Did you know the damper on your chimney was busted ? Why ? Did this have something to do with my wife 's death ? I mean , I asked Peter if he 'd ... ( sighs ) Is this my fault ? If the crash was intentional , I 'm thinking either the restaurant was the target or someone inside the restaurant . I 'll call Brass . If Lambert had a grudge against the place , somebody there should know her . If she was gunning for someone specific , there 's a lot of variables . Maybe we should start with the most obvious targets ... the people sitting in the window . Let 's run it . Okay ... top to bottom . Cameron Black , deceased ; from Jersey . First time in Vegas . Unlikely mark . Second table : Rachel Krandall , and ... Tom Krandall . Both died at the scene . Both worked for Sillmont Healthcare . Table three : Hank and ... Elaine Alcott . Also works at the insurance company . Three out of five of the people sitting in the window work at Sillmont Healthcare . Maybe I should go talk to her . Yeah . Maybe you should . I 'm sorry . I don 't recognize her . Well , uh ... could she be one of your policy holders ? It 's possible . I oversee hundreds of members ' accounts . I can check my list . That 'd be great . I wish I had some more time off , but , with Tom Krandall gone and half my department in the hospital ... I 'm back at the office tomorrow . Let 's see ... Diane Lambert . My boyfriend . Saved up my miles and took him to Hawaii last year . He 's going to take me to Tahiti in a few weeks . I can 't wait . Ms. Lambert isn 't on my list . But , if you want , I can go on the company database . Thank you . Um , l-I have to get back to the lab . Um ... maybe you could call me . Okay . ( water bubbling ) You 're not supposed to be in here . It 's my home . Well , perhaps you didn 't see the crime scene tape . Do I look stupid to you ? On the contrary . I heard you have an almost perfect 4.0 GPA , with the exception of a B in English . Our detectives do complete background searches on all the principals at a crime scene . I understand you threatened your English teacher . I have to feed my fish . Clown loaches , tetras , angelfish . You might want to check your filter , too . You 're out of charcoal . In 1939 , Isaac Asimov was an undergraduate studying zoology . As part of a course requirement , the students were asked to find a stray cat , kill it and dissect it . Isaac found his cat , he killed it , and then he promptly dropped out of zoology . 50 years later , he wrote that the memory of killing that cat still haunted him . Do you have a question for me ? Yeah , I do . Why didn 't you fix the chimney damper in your parents ' bedroom ? Why would I ? You told your father you fixed it . So he 'd quit bugging me . And if you 're accusing me of disobeying a man with only a tenth-grade education , then you 're right . We know you took advantage of the broken damper . Placed activated charcoal from your fish tank filter in the back of the fireplace ... ( granules rattling ) ... then waited for your father to do what he does every night . You killed your mother . You almost killed your father . That 's good science fiction . Well , you thought the charcoal would burn up , destroying any evidence of the crime , but your father woke up , called 911 . Nick , at what point is the saturation level of carbon monoxide in the bloodstream lethal ? Approximately 45 , 50 % . Mmm . Well , his mother 's level was in the range , but his father 's level was low . Yeah , but two people exposed to the same level of carbon monoxide for the same period of time , their O.O. Saturation levels should be approximate . As long as the variables are consistent ... body mass , health , age . What about smoking ? Of course . Three weeks ago , your father quit . Yeah , we didn 't know he 'd quit , either . The nicotine levels in his system were high but when we went to speak with him , he was wearing a nicotine patch . The patch delivers nicotine to the blood , but since your father quit smoking cigarettes , his O.O. Saturation level returned to zero . You made a basic scientific mistake , Peter . You stopped observing the human element because you thought it was inferior . What I don 't understand is why . Man , why would you want to kill your parents ? Your high school told us you were accepted to Princeton , early action . A few more months , you would 've been 2,000 miles away . Whatever your parents did to piss you off wouldn 't have mattered . I know why . They weren 't going to let you go , were they ? They refused to pay for it . I don 't qualify for financial aid because my father makes too much money . Not enough money to live well , but enough to destroy my dreams . So with your parents gone , you could sell the business and pay your tuition . You figured out the puzzle . Must be very gratifying . Science isn 't about the gratification , Peter . It 's about the truth . Hey . Hey . So , how did it go with Elaine Alcott ? She didn 't have anything to add to the investigation . Hey , how 's it going ? Here are the phone records from the driver of the vehicle that you asked for . You know , there may be something to that kamikaze grandma theory of yours . Last week , Diane Lambert closed out her bank accounts , paid off her credit cards , and updated her will . Well , that 's certainly more evidence to suggest that her actions were intentional . There 's only one Vegas phone number on this statement and the prior statement . There 's got to be 80 calls here to the same number . Dial the number . ( keypad beeping ) ( ringing ) Sillmont Healthcare . How can I direct your call ? What 's your address ? 16 South Meadows Lane . Thank you . Right . The Checkerbox is at 16 North Meadows . I don 't think that 's a coincidence . If Sillmont Healthcare was the intended target , how did she end up at the Checkerbox ? Well , I 'll tell you what happened to me . Last week , I was driving to a crime scene in the car and the GPS said go right . Had I done so , I 'd be coughing up fish from the bottom of Lake Mead . Well , GPS is hardly perfect . Maybe north was a directional default . Or maybe she put in the wrong address . Either way ... it does leave one question : Why was Diane Lambert so angry ? Mrs. Lambert was a member of our HMO . I was , uh ... going to call you . Well , did she have some kind of problem with her policy ? Not to our knowledge . Then you won 't mind if we take a look at her file . I 'm sorry . Member files are confidential . Well , this member 's deceased . Not even the doctor-patient privilege extends postmortem . Mrs. Lambert had colon cancer . If you read further , you 'll see that it was in remission . No , actually , her most recent OAT scan shows recurrence two months ago . That 's about the same time she started calling your office two times a day . Why would she be calling you ? You know what ? Four people are dead . Don 't waste our time . We can take this downtown . Mrs. Lambert 's oncologist recommended immediate and aggressive treatment . Did treatment commence ? The recommendation was pending . Well , what exactly does that mean ? Not yet approved , not yet denied . In other words , Mrs. Lambert 's health was in limbo . She wasn 't receiving treatment , but she couldn 't file an appeal , since you hadn 't officially denied her claim . The authorization process takes ... It takes time . Time Mrs. Lambert didn 't have . We have a procedure , and we follow it . ( car accelerating ) And while you were following your procedure and postponing a decision , her cancer cells were multiplying . What were you , playing the odds ? Were you hoping she would die before you had to spend a dime ? We 're not liable here . We 're not responsible for Mrs. Lambert 's actions . For what it 's worth , that makes me sick . Catherine . We missed something . Corey , when I was reviewing your grandmother 's insurance policy , I noticed that she didn 't specify an e-mail address , and that got me thinking . Some people her age aren 't technologically sawy . Maybe a GPS device would be intimidating to her . I wondered if she actually even knew how to use it . So I printed the unit , and I found your fingerprints on it . I installed it . The prints just weren 't on the base of the unit ... they were on the face . You punched in addresses . ( quiet mumble ) If you were aware of your grandmother 's intentions and programmed the GPS , you 're guilty of aiding and abetting in the murder of three people . Oh , God . Uh ... Last week , she came by my place 'cause she said she didn 't know how to work the GPS . Okay , Grandma , look ... it 's really easy . I 'll explain it to you again . You just type in the address of where you want to go . Look , I swear , if I had known what she was planning , I would 've stopped her . Uh ... Well ... Corey , Homicide has informed us that your grandmother had a life insurance policy in which you 're the sole beneficiary . I had no idea . She never mentioned it to you ? No . No , no , wait . Promise me . Okay , fine . When I can afford it , I 'll go back to college . You should have a degree . Grandma , I promise . I love you . You 're such a good boy . I love you , too . Your grandmother 's death has been ruled a suicide , which nullifies the policy . There 's not going to be any money . Any money ... Look , I don 't think you understand . I loved my grandmother , and she 's dead . She killed herself , and she killed these three other people . What are you telling me ? She killed these people for me ? And I 'm supposed to live with this ? I 'll meet you at the car . I called the lab . They said you were here . I heard you met Elaine . Yeah . She 's really something . I didn 't tell her about us , if that 's what you 're wondering . I 'm really sorry , Sara . Yeah . Me , too . I don 't know what else to say . I 'll see you around . Childhood living Is easy to do The things that you wanted I bought them for you Graceless lady ... You got plans ? Nope . You know who I am ... You want to get a beer ? Drive . And wild horses Couldn 't drag me away And wild horses ...
