 Bingo ! ( chimps screeching ) Fucking hell ( screech ) Fucking hell God Keep your shit together lf you wanna get ' em out of here no problem So get to it ! we have a break-in Get the I know who you are I know what you think keep your mouth shut and don 't move The chimps are infected They 're highly contagious They 've been given an inhibitor you must first understand infected with what ? Rage What is he talking about ? Get the cages open No ! No ! No ! we 're taking your torture victims with us We 'll get you out of here The animals are contagious The infection is in their blood and saliva One bite Stop Stop ! You 've no idea ! ( screaming ) Get it off ! Help me ! Get it off ! Get it off ! What 's the matter with her ? You have to kill her ! my God ! What 's the matter with her ? We have to kill her now ! God ( screaming ) ( sharp intake of breath ) Hello ? ( coughs ) Hello ? ( louder ) Hello ! ( belches ) Hello ? Hello ! ( alarm ) Hello ? Hello ? ( noises from behind door ) ( gasping and retching ) Father ? are you OK ? shouldn 't have done that Shouldn 't have done that Shit ! ( man ) Over here ! Over here ! Come on ! go ! Keep going ! What the fuck is going on ? Just shut up ! Covered everything Who are those people ? Let 's go ! Let 's go ! What the fuck is going on ? Just move ! Come on ! Man walks into a bar with a giraffe They each get pissed The giraffe falls over The man goes to leave and the barman says " Oi ! You can 't leave that lying there " it 's not a lion lt 's a giraffe " He 's completely humourless You two should get on like a house on fire So who are you ? You 're from the hospital Are you a doctor ? He 's not a doctor He 's a patient I 'm a bicycle courier l was riding a package from Farringdon to Shaftesbury Avenue and a car cut across me Then I wake up today in hospital I wake up and I 'm I 'm hallucinating or I 'm What 's your name ? Jim I 'm Mark This is Selena Jim I 've got some bad news and right from the beginning you knew this was different market towns And then it wasn 't on the TV any more lt was in the street outside lt was coming through your windows lt was a virus An infection You didn 't need a doctor to tell you that lt was the blood There was something in the blood it was already too late The infection was everywhere The army blockades were overrun And that 's when the exodus started there were reports of infection in Paris and New York We didn 't hear anything more after that What 's the government doing ? There 's no government Of course there 's a government ! There 's always a government They 're in a bunker or a plane no army no electricity You 're the first uninfected person we 've seen in six days Where 's your family ? They 're dead Like Selena 's Yours will be dead too I have to find them They live in Deptford I can walk it OK ? yeah ? You won 't Yes ! No one ever comes back So lesson one You never go anywhere alone unless you 've got no choice Lesson two Only travel during daylight Unless you 've got no choice We 'll take you tomorrow OK ? Eat you 'll have to say If there 's anyone I understand Anyone I understand ! OK ( sniffs ) Jim Wait ! They died peacefully You should be grateful I 'm not grateful My maybe we could buy our way onto a plane even though cash was completely useless 000 other people had the same idea Crowd was surging I lost my grip on my sister 's hand I remember the ground was soft I looked down and I was standing on all these people Like a carpet People who had fallen and Somewhere in the crowd there were infected lt spread fast No one could run All you could do was climb Climb over more people So I did that I climbed And I got up on top of this kiosk you couldn 't tell which faces were infected and which weren 't Then I saw my dad Not my mum or my sister My dad His face Selena 's right You should be grateful We don 't have time to get back to the shop before dark We should stay here tonight My room 's up at the top You two can have that we 'll all sleep in the same room lt 's safer ( radio ) Jim You 're back Yeah How was it ? Fine will ya ? It 's empty Ha ! Here then Mark ! Mark ! Selena ! Help ! ( Selena ) lt 's clear That 's Mr Bridges Were you bitten ? And his daughter From four doors down Were you bitten ? No Did any of the blood get in your mouth ? No Mark ? Wait ( Mark screams ) Get that cleaned off Do you have any clothes here ? Um I Yes Then get them and get dressed We have to leave now More infected will be coming They always do ( Jim ) How did you know ? How did you know he was infected ? The blood There was blood on me lt was on you I didn 't know he was infected He knew I could see it in his face you 've about 20 seconds to kill them your sister or your oldest friend lt makes no difference I 'll do it in a heartbeat Jim ? Do you want us to find a cure and save the world orjust fall in love and fuck ? Plans are pointless Staying alive 's as good as it gets hey What 's that ? Let 's go What is it about tower blocks and shopping trolleys ? Stop talking lt 's a long way up ( Selena ) Do you need a break ? You ? No Now I do need a break What 's up ? Nothin' I got a headache Bad ? Pretty bad Why didn 't you say something before ? I didn 't think you 'd give a shit You 've got no fat on you and all you 've had to eat is sugar So you 're crashing There isn 't a lot we can do about that Pepsi or Lilt ? Do you have any Tango ? I did have a can of Tango somewhere ( screech ) Quiet ! That 's an infected they 're in Move ! Selena ! please ! Selena ! Please ! Wait for me ! Come on ! Run ! Wait ! Please ! For fuck 's sake ! Selena ! ( screams ) Down the corridor Flat 157 Move ! Thank you Thank you Open the door ! Open the door ! Open up ! Where 's Dad ? What ? Open the fucking door ! Where 's Dad ? Hannah Let them inside Go in Go in ! ( " Frosty the Snowman ' " ) anyway Jim Selena Selena Good to meet you This is my daughter Hannah sweetheart Say hello Come on So This is great Just great I 'd say Why don 't you all sit down and what have we got to offer ? We 've got Mum 's creme de menthe Great Creme de menthe please Get comfortable ( Frank ) Where are the bloody glasses ? Middle cupboard the good ones lt 's a celebration Top cupboard So this is your place ? It 's nice There cheers Cheers ( groans ) Jim ? Yeah Sorry we couldn 't spare the water Same with the toilet The flush doesn 't work You 'll have to use the bucket Have to empty it each morning Just chuck it over the balcony No mod cons here lt 's fine it 's late We 're gonna turn in We have a spare room ln there Are you and Selena ? no Um I 'll take the living room lt 's fine Right yeah um Frank Very spruce Very shredded Yeah they 're desperate Probably need us more than we need them I think they 're good people Good people ? Yeah You should be more concerned about whether they 're gonna slow you down Because if they slowed you down I 'd leave them behind ln a heartbeat Yeah I wouldn 't Then you 're gonna wind up getting yourself killed I 'm gonna get some sleep Selena but I do get it And I know I 'd be dead already if I hadn 't met you Sure look thank you sure Jim Goodnight We lost water pressure three weeks ago I thought we 'd be OK with the water from the other flats Cisterns and tanks But it vanishes so quick you wouldn 't believe turns stagnant They 're all empty Hasn 't rained in ten days You can set up a plastic sheet to catch dew and condensation but I can 't make it work You 'd never think it Needing rain so badly Not in fucking England ! we 're not going to be able to stay here There 's been no broadcasts for weeks Just listen ( man on radio ) Salvation is here The answer to infection is here you 're not alone There are others like you There are other survivors We are soldiers and we are armed my God Soldiers 27 miles northeast of Manchester You must find us Salvation is Now itjust repeats it 's a recording But this is where it 's telling us to go Just there we might need two or three days to get up there " We " ? Sound carries in this flat Me and Hannah do need you more than you need us it 's OK lt 's the truth I can 't leave the block if it 's the two of us Something might happen to me Hannah 'd be alone I couldn 't risk it But with other people the soldiers who made it could be dead lt 's possible That stuff about the answer to infection There is no answer ! It 's already done all the damage it can ! Maybe they have a cure Maybe they 've got nothing Frank ! Or die here it isn 't true what Dad said You need us just the same as we need you We need each other And we 'll never be safe in the cities The soldiers could keep us safe So we have to try and get there Get there how ? I don 't take cheques or credit cards ( Frank ) What do you think ? It 's the most direct route Then we should take the indirect route The one in daylight and not underground ( Frank ) Let 's just get it done no this is a really shit idea You know why ? Because it 's obviously a shit idea So we 're gonna drive into the tunnel full of fucking smashed cars lt 's really fucking obviously a shit idea ! Hold on ! Dad ! ( screaming and laughing ) Fuck ! The world 's worst place to get a flat Agreed I think we 'd better do this quick I 've got the wheel You 're on the jack do you hear that ? Hear what ? I 've done it Dad ? ( scrabbling sounds ) Jesus Christ ! ( Hannah screaming ) Fucking rats ! They 're running from the infected Move it ! everyone lift ! lift ! ( Selena ) Don 't look at them ! Don 't look ! ( Jim ) I can see them ! They 're coming ! ( screeching ) Hannah ! Almost Hannah ! I 'm trying drop it ! Get in the car ! Come on ! Frank ! ( Jim ) Whoo ! you fuckers ! stop the cab Let 's shop ( Frank making engine noises ) You You You ( Jim ) Anybody seen any buns ? Hmm irradiated OK ? I think you can eat that raw Decaffeinated coffee Put that back Can 'tjust take any crap it 'll be too soon Not counting Terry 's Chocolate Orange ! full flavour Warm but not aggressive ( Hannah and Selena laughing ) Peaty aftertaste Takes out the fire but leaves in the warmth Either we do this now or we 're walking Not you Jim What ? You heard Where are you going ? Jim We don 't have any cheeseburgers ( quietly ) Like going on holidays with your aunt ! Jesus Hello ? I hate you ! Find anything ? Jim ? No ! Let 's get outta here we 're done here Hannah Easy Brake ! brake ! Out ( Selena ) Mmmm ! Oh my God ! taste the vitamin C the raisins are so moist What did you say ? The raisins They 're so moist Look over here Like a family ( Hannah ) Do you think they 're infected ? ( Frank ) No They 're doing just fine Come on Let 's eat ! Know what I was thinking ? That you 'll never hear another piece of original music again or see a film that hasn 't already been shot Um that 's what you were thinking No I was thinking I was wrong About what ? All the death All this shit lt doesn 't really mean anything to Frank and Hannah because she 's got her dad and he 's got his daughter So Cheeky monkey ! I was wrong when I said staying alive is as good as it gets that 's what I was thinking Was it ? Mm You stole my thought Sorry That 's OK You can keep it lt 's getting late We 'd better stay here for the night I can 't sleep Me neither does it ? Outside like this I think we 're safe enough Selena didn 't seem to have any trouble I noticed that Selena What ? What is it ? How 'd you get to sleep ? Bloody hell Must 've needed a hell of a prescription for that lot I didn 't need a prescription I qualified as a chemist great Valium Not only will we be able to get to sleep we won 't even care thanks Dad ? sweetheart Please ? No I can 't sleep Frank Let her live a little Give her half of one All right We 're on Night-night Frank Hannah ? Frank ? Hello ? Hello ! Hello ! Hello ! Hello ! ( mumbles ) Shh that 's all Dad ( car horn ) sleepyhead Babe Ruth ( Frank ) Hurry up Did I miss breakfast ? ( Selena ) You 'll sleep through anything ( Jim ) Did you have a fry-up ? ( Frank ) We 'll stop at a pub on the way Door ! 27 miles northeast of Manchester You must find us Please ! Salvation is here The answer to infection is here Must be Manchester the whole city No fire crews to put it out 42nd blockade This is it Dad Did they leave ? I don 't like this I think we should go No ! Vehicles We should check the vehicles There has to be something Nothing I can 't believe it Frank We have to go Yeah Go fucking where ? ! ( cawing ) Get out of it are you all right ? sweetheart Sorry I lost my temper Hannah I love you very much What ? Keep away from me Stay where you are Dad ? Keep away from me ! Keep away from me ! Keep away ! Keep away ! Keep away ! Dad ! Keep away ! Keep away ! ( Hannah ) What 's wrong ? Dad ! he 's infected ! Jim ! Now ! kill him ! Jim ! Dad ! Kill him ! Stay away from him ! Keep away from the body ! Dad ? two female two female 15 Put the kettle on I 'm Major Henry West Welcome Jim Jim Hello we 've got beds with clean sheets and a boiler that produces hot water So you can all have a shower You look like you need one Please you fucking Doris ! Run him over ! ( Jim ) How is she doing ? Jim That 's how she is lt 's all fucked What do you mean ? come on don 't do that and she 'll cope just like I 'll cope Just like you 'll cope I don 't want her to have to fucking cope I want her to be OK When Hannah had her dad it was OK lt was OK for them and it was OK for us Now it 's all just fucked So you heard our broadcast ? we did We must be a disappointment You were hoping for a full brigade An army base with helicopters and a field hospital We were just hoping for The answer to infection Yeah it 's here Though it may not be quite what you imagined Just feel lucky to have found you You were lucky The fire drove hundreds of infected out of Manchester The surrounding area 's teeming with them But don 't worry You 're quite safe here Flat terrain all round the house Floodlights which we 've rigged up to a generator High perimeter wall which helps And we 've been lacing the ground with tripwires and land mines we hear them our real job is to rebuild Start again The belly of the house The heart A wood-fired boiler providing us with hot water The first step towards civilisation The kitchen Here you are I 'll swap you give us some Don 't be fighting Will you put that back ? Put it back our resident tin opener sir i can 't wait meet Mailer Jim Mailer Got infected two days ago Mitchell managed to knock him out cold and we got a chain round his neck Keeping him alive ? The idea was to learn something about infection Have him teach me And has he ? In a way He 's telling me he 'll never bake bread raise livestock He 's telling me he 's futureless And eventually he 'll tell me how long the infected take to starve to death ( singing ) You 'll have to wait and see it 's chips it 's chips ( cheering ) Hat what have we here ? tinned beans and Doris ! Omelette ! Jones Honour of our guests Absolutely I was going to propose a toast but this omelette will do just as well To new friends ( all ) New friends did you notice while cooking that these eggs were off ? sir Get rid of it you twat can you ? I can 't tell you how badly we need someone with a little flair in the kitchen I thought it was Christmas We 'll have eggs again Once everything 's back to normal eh ? He 's still waiting for Marks and Spencer 's to reopen You don 't know nothing I think Bill 's got a point Man has only been around for a few blinks of an eye that is a return to normality yeah Have you met our New Age sergeant ? Our spiritual guru exactly why did you join the army in the first place ? This is what I 've seen in the four weeks since infection People killing people the four weeks before that people killing people Which to my mind puts us in a state of normality now You 're not eating ? I don 't want to eat Hannah I don 't want to eat I want to bury my dad He 's one of the people you 're talking about ( explosion ) let 's go ! Move ! Move ! Move ! Move ! ( siren ) Enemy in front ! I fucking got one ! you cunt ! Fucking hell ! He bounced ! Cease fire ! I ain 't never seen that in my life ! Report clear ! Fucking hell ! Clear Clear clear hello ! ( wolf whistle ) you ain 't gonna be needing this any more Cos you got me to protect you now you just come and see me Fuck you ! Mitch Give her some How about right now ? Mitchell ! son Sergeant Farrell ! first action on Resecure the perimeter go with him Slow down Sergeant ? Sir Clear the bodies off the lawn go with him My apologies Drink ? OK ? We 're very grateful for your protection but if we 're gonna stay here Who have you killed ? No one Who have you killed ? You wouldn 't be alive now if you hadn 't killed somebody I killed I killed a boy A child ? Yes But you had to Otherwise he 'd have killed you Survival I understand I promised them women What ? Eight days ago I found Jones with his gun in his mouth He said he was going to kill himself because there was no future What could I say to him ? We fight off the infected or we wait until they starve to death and then what ? What do nine men do except wait to die themselves ? I set the radio broadcasting and I promised them women Because women mean a future Selena ! Hannah ! What is it ? We have to go wait ! No time ! Come on ! Come on ! We get in the car and we go ! No ! You 're not going to keep them here ! You 've got to let them go ! You can 't keep them here ! Stay where you are ! I 'm not gonna let you keep them here ! You can 't do this ! get him ! I want to give you a chance You can be with us But I can 't let them go Jim ? OK Him too ( Farrell ) Smithers says " Women and semen don 't mix " Smithers " And that was my favourite joke in The Simpsons across the Atlantic Eating dinner and watching the fucking Simpsons ! They 're sleeping in their beds next to their wives But we 're here chained to a fucking radiator because the OC has gone insane ! Starting the world again when the rest of the world hasn 't even stopped just think about it How could infection cross the oceans ? How could it cross the mountains and the rivers ? It can be stopped Right now TVs are playing and planes are flying and the rest of the world is continuing as fucking normal Think ! Actually think about it What would you do with a diseased little island ? They quarantined us " There is no infection lt 's just people killing people " He 's insane ! Time to go Quarantine ? I 'm not interested I 'm gonna have the black one And I 'm gonna make her squirm I swear to God it 's gonna end badly for you Move move ! Get up ! you cunt ! Fucking move ! Get up ! Move your fucking arse ! you fucking pansies Do me first just use the gat ( Farrell ) So you 're gonna stick me ? ( Jones ) Shoot ' em ! ( Mitchell ) Why ? Because it 's fucking quicker ! Jones ? you won 't You 'll let him stick me ? Like a fucking dog ? I 'm gonna enjoy this You stupid cunt ! What are you doing ? You wanna shoot me ? You wanna shoot me ? I 'll kill you ! Where 's he fucking gone ? Fuck it ! Get up ! Get after him ! move it ! I can see him ! I can see him ! Where are you ? Can you see him ? Through there ! ( gunfire ) Oh no We 're fucked We 're fucked ! Relax He 's over the wall He 's got no vehicle And no shooter He 's dead ( thunder ) ( West ) The first thing we 're going to do is make you look more presentable The lady of the house has an extensive wardrobe which she certainly has no use for You can 't do it to Hannah pick out a wide selection sir ( Hannah ) No ( man ) Ladies lt 's only dressing up ! No ! Selena ! I thought girls liked dressing up Expensive dresses ( Hannah ) Selena ! relax ! Selena ! Selena ! Selena ! You need to leave me alone with Hannah OK ? right The OC wants He wants us to dress up nice you have to leave the room OK ? It 's just polite all right All right lads Let 's leave the room OK ? Come on Eat these Are you trying to kill me ? sweetheart I 'm making you not care OK ? What you doing ? ! ( siren ) Someone 's at the blockade ! Jim ! Move ! Stay here and put the dresses on Let 's go ! Go ! He went over the wall We thought he 'd be dead Jones ! Stay here Davis ? ( engine fails ) Fuck it ! ( gunfire ) What was that ? Lightning I heard something lt sounded like a Claymore to me take a butcher 's will ya ? I think they 're having an effect I can feel them And I don 't feel sleepy But They 've been a long time What are you gonna do if they don 't come back ? Would you be the officer if Henry was dead ? is that the way it works ? Shut up I don 't think they are coming back I think they 've been killed I said shut up ! Hannah They 're dead And you 're gonna be next Get up ! Whoa ! Hannah Don 't worry I feel fine Really Get him off me ! Get him off me ! It 's Jones ! It 's Jones ! Oi ! Where the fuck are you going ? What 's all the fucking shouting about ? ( screaming ) you soppy cunt ! Get after them ! in there ! Move ! ( wheezing ) then ! What the fuck you gonna do now ? ( screaming ) Come on up ! Col ! Defend these stairs with your fucking life ! Hannah ! Mailer 's loose Hannah ! ( screech ) ( screeching and wheezing ) Sorry Sir Shh Shh Hannah ? ( screech ) Hannah ? Selena ? I haven 't got any bullets I haven 't got any fucking bullets ! Don 't fucking leave me ! Come on ! Move ! Move ! Move ! I 'll get you out of here Then we 'll find a nice little fucking place somewhere Just you and me eh ? ( screaming ) That was longer than a heartbeat Jim ? Listen Listen lt 's not all fucked We 're gonna be OK lt 's not all fucked l 've got to explain something Shut up lt 's gonna be OK it 's OK ! He 's not infected But I thought he was biting you I was kissing her Are you stoned ? It 's a long story ( screeching ) We have to get out of here Come on ! Come on ! Move ! You killed all my boys Wait Hannah ! Hannah ? Hannah ! Hannah ! Get in They 're locked The gates are locked ! Fucking do it ! breathe ! Fucking breathe ! Not the curtains as well ( man speaking on radio ) you know lt 's coming ! You definitely heard it ? Yeah ! I heard it ! ( distant aircraft ) Go Do you think he saw us this time ? Subtitles ßy MühàmmáÐ Ü § mâñ
