 I have an urgent message for Dr Nordlinger . I can deliver it . - l was asked to confirm he received it and ... - That 's not procedure . .. report back Dr Nordlinger 's acknowledgment . What 's going on ? There 's some confusion as to the proper procedure , Dr Nordlinger . I have a communication for you . Communication acknowledged and confirmed , Captain . We 're returning to base . - Officer Banford . - Captain ? Prepare to transmit to operations commander . Transmit what , sir ? Sir , what is the communication ? We 're coming in . - l 'm sorry I 'm late . - Have a seat , Agent Reyes . Agent Reyes , I thought we might have a little chat . Mr Skinner here has been trying to help me put together the pieces of your X-Files investigation . Can we cut the crap ? Can we ? There 's a lot of crap to cut through . Agent Reyes , you probably want to zip it and try to cooperate . Like it or not , I 'm charged with the task of reining you in . Reining us in ? For what ? Unauthorized autopsies , breaking and entering into a state water facility , willful misuse of your positions . I don 't wanna go into this without my partner . Your partner . Your so-called partner , who 's running this circus , is nowhere to be found . What are you doing , Brad ? Giving you and Mr Skinner the chance to put a nice spin on this mess that Doggett 's made . Agent Reyes , if you 're not gonna zip it , at least recognize that he 's the only one who can help you . We were given a tip we believe leads to a larger conspiracy . Conspiracy ? involving the fbi ? John Doggett and I are running a legitimate investigation into the fbi . - Neither one of us feels ... - Agent Reyes . I 'm trying to help you keep yourjob . But that 's not gonna happen if you insist on chasing shadows , chasing conspiracies . How do you know there isn 't one ? You 're taking on the entire fbi here , Monica . This witch-hunt isn 't going to expose anything but you . That is , unless you distance yourself from John Doggett . What are you doing ? I 'm distancing myself , Brad . From you . From your political games . - You just wanna get John Doggett . - You 're making a big mistake here . Yeah. I seem to make one every time I walk in your door . Lie back , John. lt 's OK . What the hell 's this ? It 's Shannon , Shannon McMahon . We were together in Bravo Company , USMC . You tried to contact me . What the hell are you doing here now ? Your lungs were full of water . - Pulled me under . - l did what I had to . - You held me down. I remember . - They would have caught you . They might have figured it out , what you 've started to figure out . What are you ? You know what I am . I 'm the product of 50 years of military science , the program your old friend Knowle Rohrer told you about . I 'm a bioengineered combat unit . I have no weaknesses. I don 't sleep . I can breathe underwater . That 's how I saved your life , John . How do you know what I know ? What Knowle Rohrer told me ? Knowle Rohrer and I were drafted right out of Bravo Company together . We were ... Adam and Eve . The program 's first . There are many more now . Knowle Rohrer is dead . You can 't kill us . We can 't be killed . Knowle Rohrer and I are alike in almost every way . The difference is , I hate what I am . Why are you here telling me this ? The program 's expanding in ways no one ever dreamed of . I need your help to stop it , John . You need my help ? What can I do ? Expose the deaths of those two men I killed , what they were doing . - What were they doing ? - Preparing the water supply . Preparing it for what ? What are you doing , Captain ? Where are you going ? We 're under strict orders not to leave ship . Look at us . They 've got us tied up at a civilian dock in Baltimore . Why ? I think they may be onto us . You 're only drawing suspicion if they 're not . You can 't leave . We can 't risk waiting . We can 't risk not making contact now . I 'll be back . Hi . Sorry about the hour . I just put him down . I couldn 't talk on the phone . What is it ? I was told to leave this alone . You and Mulder asked me to leave it be , to let Mulder disappear . We were concerned for the safety of the baby , and for Mulder . Why am I risking that now ? Why are you ? Why are you getting mixed up with Doggett 's investigation ? Something happened ... with my baby . What ? I can 't explain it . It 's , uh ... lt 's unexplainable . It 's , uh ... It 's not normal . Whatever it is , I think you 've made a terrible mistake . Letting Doggett pull you into this . I mean , he 's hellbent . And Agent Reyes is following right in his tracks . I need answers . I need to know . I can 'tjust sit around wondering . If you can 't tell me , then get to Mulder . Tell him what happened . No . Mulder can 't know . He can 't be brought back into this . He can 't be brought back to the fbi . It 's just too dangerous for him right now . It 's too dangerous for everyone . The EPA employee you are trying to reach , Carl Wormus , is not available . If you want to leave a voice mail , stay on the line . Something 's wrong . Very wrong . Sir ? What is this ? Where 's Banford ? Chief Petty Officer Banford has been relieved of his post , sir . I 'm your new second in command . I 'm sorry if I woke you. lt 's Monica Reyes . There 's something you need to be aware of , something you need to hear . Something I 'm not sure I believe . I 'm listening . It 's not me you need to hear it from . We may have some answers for you , about your baby . Dana , this is Shannon McMahon . Let 's start with the water . You 're a scientist , you 'll appreciate the science involved . A new additive is being put in the water supply. lt 's called chloramine . It 's not news . Or let me say , it 's been reported but no one 's asking questions yet . What should they be asking ? To deliver something to everyone 's home in America , what better way than through water ? I 've had my fair share of conspiracy theories . So cut the mystery crap and get to the science . Chloramine is just a substitute for chlorine . You can drink it and it 's harmless . Unless someone were to quietly go and change its molecular makeup . Who ? And how ? I think you 'd be more interested in why . All right , then . Why ? To prime a population to breed a generation of super-soldiers . By adding something to our water ? Something which promotes the mutation of offspring and fertilization and pregnancy . What you 're saying is absurd . is it ? No more absurd than I am . I am a first-generation prototype . Now they 're seven stages advanced on the science which created me , to the point where now they have given birth to a super-soldier from a mutated egg . How can we trust any of this ? Or you ? What you say you are ? We all have a standard mutation . What are you looking at ? Ship 's logs . Those logs are classified . As second in command , I 'm supposed to know the ship , sir . In case something should happen to you . What is the greater mission of this ship ? If I may ask . Sir ? I don 't ask . We don 't ask . What 's going on ? It 's Banford , sir . Officer Banford . It doesn 't make any sense . It doesn 't hold up to any argument either , does it ? She drowned that man from the EPA . She 's drowned two men . She says they 're part of the program , working to spike Maryland 's water . So she killed them as a way of contacting you ? You believe that ? You saw that thing on her neck . You said you saw it before . I think we 're on to something. lt 's freaky , it 's mind-blowing , but you gotta admit that . I 'm not doubting what she is , only what she says she 's doing . - What ? What 'd you find ? - Nothing . Nothing more than a small deformity of the spine . Physically , she seems absolutely normal , as normal as you or I . I don 't believe this . What don 't you believe , Agent Doggett ? I just examined her . That I 'm here with both of you telling me that you don 't see what 's in front of us . She 's the key to everything in this case , right to the fbi . For your sake , I hope so . But I hope not for mine . Agent Doggett , I don 't wanna be making this call , I really don 't , but I 'm forced to . What are you talking about ? You wanna turf me now ? You gonna take my badge and gun ? Agent Doggett , you just can 't burst in here . How 's it gonna look , you suspending me right before I nail you as a co-conspirator ? Glad you dropped in , Mr Doggett . Assistant Director Follmer . You 're Brad Follmer . I was just explaining why you are being suspended , but I think your actions here speak for themselves . I see what this is . This is just a little bureaucratic pimp job . I 'd watch your mouth , John . What this is , is a testament to your gross insubordination and reckless disregard for the fbi . The orders start here and then they come out your wishy-washy mouth ? Paranoia must go with the job . You 're starting to sound just like Fox Mulder , Mr Doggett . Don 't you " Mr Doggett " me . I don 't answer to you. I answer to AD Skinner . The job suspension stands , Mr Doggett . Try and stop me . You never know who 'll come a-knocking , do you ? - How 'd you get in ? - Through the front door . How 'd you get in ? Through a security checkpoint . Kids ' stuff . - What are you doing here ? - You sent us hacking on this investigation , only we had a small funding fiasco . They cut our Internet service . Don 't tell me you breached fbi security just to log on . I think you wanna see this . Not this . OK , this is what we meant to show you . We are live in the EPA phone system . The numbers in red are calls to Deputy Administrator Carl Wormus after he drowned . Who 'd call him after it 's front-page news that he 's dead ? Someone who doesn 't know it . Whoever it is , they 're calling again as we speak . Hook up a patch cord . Hurry . - Pick up the phone . - What ? Carl Wormus . I 've been trying to reach you . They 've ordered us to port . One of my men is dead . I think they suspect what we 're up to . Right . What 's it you need from us - me - on this end ? Just like we talked about . You 're going to call the fbi . Right . I 've gotta get to the fbi , tell them about the lab they 've got on board , about the horrors and the inhumanity . Expose these people for what they are . - l need to talk to you . - l have an appointment . Don 't do this to me , Brad . Give me two minutes . Here you are again , Monica , walking through my door . - l need your help . - l tried to help you . I 'm asking you again . I 'm listening . There 's a woman at the Department of Justice , Shannon McMahon . I need her case files . You say that like it 's something I can do. lt 's not . It 's important to me . Important to Agent Doggett , in other words . You 're on the wrong side of this fight . I can show you . Trust me , I had it illustrated by Mr Doggett himself today . Would you listen to me ? People 's lives are in danger here . He 's being set up . We 're being set up . By who ? The Justice Department ? It 's why I need those files . I 'd ask you to just do this for me . But he 's a good man . He believes he 's in the right . And you ? You always are ? - Where 's Shannon McMahon ? - Back at my house . Why ? She 's lying to you . She 's not who you think . - Where 'd you get this ? - Everywhere . She works for the Department of Justice . Did you know that ? I got her case files . Those men she killed ? They 'd contacted her at DOJ , as whistle-blowers . She said they were part of the program . They were killed because they wanted to expose the program . Why come to me ? There 's one man she can 't pinpoint . She wants you to lead her to him . Who are you talking about ? He 's captain of a navy ship that spends all year at sea . He 'd been in contact with both dead men about a secret lab on that ship . Shannon McMahon 's the only sure thing we have . We go to this ship , we risk coming out with both hands empty . If this is true about this ship and this lab , there may be answers there that I can 't risk not knowing . Dr Nordlinger , a message for you , sir . I want every hard drive , all the data you 've got in this butcher shop you 're running here . Where 's this captain supposed to be ? We 're supposed to meet him at a phone booth at 1am. lt 's ten to . Somebody 's already there . is he calling or meeting you ? I don 't know. lt wasn 't clear . He sees us . Hold up there . I said , hold up there . This ain 't no captain . Who is it ? Knowle Rohrer . Run . Now . Freeze ! fbi ! You didn 't trust me . - You see anybody ? - Nobody . This can 't be right . What happened to the captain ? I think we found the captain . They 're scuttling the ship . This must be it . In here . - We gotta go . - You see what this is ? Agent Scully , we gotta go . The ship 's gonna blow . They 're manipulating ova - female eggs for transplantation . Look at these names . These are test subjects . Grab her . We got less than a minute . - Give me a second . - We got no time . No , let go . Let me do this . I have to see if I 'm here . My name . My baby 's name . You wanna see your baby again ? We got no time , Dana . We 'll find another way . Deputy Director . My sources tell me you wrapped up your investigation . I have my report ready , sir , yes . How do I come out ? " Super-soldiers , a navy ship , and a woman at the Department of Justice who drowned two men , all disappeared now , but which constitute a conspiracy like a cancer in the US government . " Not a mention of my name , John . No , sir. I found nothing on you . Nothing damning I could include in my report . And cos l got nothing to lose , let me say that I know your hands are dirty on this thing , sir . Filthy . That 's why you 're here - take a last wild punch before the bell . One thing I can 't figure , and then I 'll be on my way , is why you put that obituary under my door . You think I did that ? Over and over in my mind. lt had to be you . You 're the only one that had a reason . What 's my reason ? You tell me . You looking just to get me fired or get me killed ? - You ever hear of King George lll ? - You answer my question . He was King of England when America declared independence in 1776 . King George lll kept a diary . On July 4 , 1776 , he made an entry in it . " Nothing important happened today . " What the hell does that got to do with me ? Revolutions start , things that change the world forever , and even kings can miss them if they 're not paying attention . Are you saying you left that obituary to help me ? To help me find the things that I found ? Why would I believe that you 'd help me ? Agent Mulder believed me . What the hell are you talking about ? Mulder 's long gone . Say I told Mulder that he would be killed if he stayed . Same people who threatened me if I didn 't go along . Would you believe that ? Mulder wouldn 't hear it , not from you . I said I told him to go . I didn 't say I persuaded him . Holy God . It was Scully . Scully made him go . That 's it , isn 't it ? You want the basement ? Heard you got a stay of execution . Congratulations . I 'm sure you don 't mean that . No. I 'm sure the deputy director has you just where he wants you . Don 't get me wrong . I 'm a friend to the X-Files . It 's kind of a comfort , having you down there , Mr Doggett . Just so long as you know where to reach us , Mr Follmer . Everything 's gonna be OK . Go back to sleep . Visiontext Subtitles : Adrian Isaac US english
