 Get going . - Please . - Do your damn job . You can 't think Milli Vanilli is cool . I would disown you . You are unbelievable . OK , I may puke , but I have to ask . Which one do you intend to marry ? Rob or Fab ? Janet , get that . Hang on. I 'm , like , the servant around here . - Yeah ? - Triboro Cable . What do you want ? Your cable 's out . is it ? I don 't think so . OK. I 'm sorry . Wait a sec . Maybe my dad called you . You 'd better come in . TV 's in here . Dad ! Cable guy 's here . Can I help you ? There 's a problem with your cable ? I was just watching the game upstairs . I think you got the wrong house , buddy . is that your work order ? Who called it in ? Police ! Don 't move . God Almighty . Face the wall . Face the wall . Johnny . Check the other rooms . They 're all dead . Got you . Got you , you bastard . .. g-g-e-t-t . Two G 's and two T 's . I was the arresting officer . You 're makin ' a huge mistake . I don 't care what it shows . I appreciate that . But I don 't care what it shows. lt 's wrong . - l was there . We got the right guy . - An X-File ? I 'm tellin ' you , you let this guy go , more people are gonna die . Was that the DA ? Assistant DA . He was probably in ninth grade when this happened . What do you want him to do ? Keep the bastard locked up . Did you read that ? My partner and I busted this guy , Fassl , 13 years ago . He 'd killed seven people . Now they wanna let him go . The DNA evidence proves he 's innocent . It 's wrong. lt 's some lab mistake . Simple as that . My partner , Duke , and I catch this 911 . Neighbors hearing ' screaming coming from this house . We get there . Teenage girl , mother , father - all dead . There 's blood ... I can still remember the blood squishing under my shoes . This guy Fassl 's just standing there . So you didn 't actually catch him in the act ? Ten seconds earlier through the door and we would have . Tell me you got good news . I have combed through every detail of this ME 's report . I have read and reread it . I am sorry , Agent Doggett , but the DNA fingerprinting does indeed exonerate this man . You 're telling me there 's not a million-to-one chance that these DNA tests are wrong ? Actually 100 million . I need you to run the reports again yourself . Agent Doggett , you don 't ... - lt 'd take at least 48 hours . - That 's too long . - Where are you going ? - New York . I can 'tjust sit here and wait for this guy to kill again . John ... Look , I get it . Enough people tell you you 're drunk , it 's time to lie down . But I know what I know . I could really use your help . It 's time to go . Congratulations , Bob . Best of luck to you . - How does it feel to be a free man ? - Are you gonna sue the police ? It goes without saying that my client is happy once more to be a free man . I myself am overjoyed . I think today is a day to celebrate . But tomorrow we will be looking closely at the reasons why Bob was falsely accused and incarcerated . 13 years of his life were stolen from him . We 'll be looking at the Brooklyn DA 's office and the New York City Police Department . Bob , let 's get you outta here . Thank you . Thank you . On top of springing loose a murderer , the city of New York is gonna pay him off ? Hell , yes . And count ourselves lucky . We didn 't spring a murderer . He 's an innocent man . Or maybe you didn 't glean that from our conversation . Mr Kailer , on the off chance that that 's not true , why not let us look through your documents pertaining to this case ? Maybe we can save the city some settlement money . Or maybe I get in an even biggerjackpot when Jana Fain cries " police vendetta " , yelling at the papers about the disgruntled former cop who 's out to get her client . Somebody committed these murders , right ? Now that you 've sprung Mr Bob Fassl , the victims ' families are gonna start askin ' who . How you gonna answer ' em ? There 's a lot of material here . Where shall we start ? Right there . The original arrest report . " Arresting officer : John Doggett . " Must have been a career-maker . Well , it didn 't hurt when I put in for detective . The murders had been front-page news for weeks . The sense of relief everybody felt when we caught Fassl , it was ... You know , John ... whatever we find here , sometimes ... Sometimes even good cops make mistakes . Yeah . And I 've made more than I can count , but this wasn 't one of ' em . Whatever you think ... I 'm not here trying to cover my ass . That 's not what I think. lt 's not. I just ... I just worry that maybe this is about you feeling guilty . I feel guilty ... Like what , subconsciously ? Like I was told I sent an innocent man to prison , only I refuse to accept it ? A cop I know , a man I respect deeply , told me one time : " You don 't clock out after your shift unless you did everything you could . " That 's what this is about . Me not clocking out . Bob , I want you to make yourself at home while you 're here . Just relax . Oh ! Mrs Dowdy , this is Bob Fassl . He 'll be staying with us for a while . I have your room all made up . I hope you 'll be quite comfortable . Thank you very much , Mrs Dowdy . You 're rich . Well , my parents were . I inherited this when they died . I 've been very fortunate , so I try and use my family 's resources to help where l can . You do good things . You 're a good person . I guess it takes one to know one . I know some business people sympathetic to your situation . When you 're ready we 'll set up some job interviews . I can only imagine what you must be feeling right now . I 'm so sorry for everything you 've been through . And I 'm so happy for you now . Hey , buddy . You steal that car ? If it ain 't the fbi ! Duke Tomasick . Lookin ' good . Hell , yeah. I was always the pretty one . Not that I 'd steal you away from even one minute of retirement , but I gotta get another viewpoint on this case from someone who was there . Duke , I 'm racking my brain on this and I 'm coming at it from every possible angle . - Was there something we missed ? - Well , yeah . We arrested the wrong man . I 'm sorry , John. I 've been torn up about this , but unless there 's something you know that I don 't , it looks like we gotta face facts . Duke , you were there . Fassl was the only one in the house . He killed those people . John , wise up , will ya ? Drop this thing . What did you always tell me about being a good cop ? You said never to clock out . Well , I got another lesson for ya . Keep after this thing , it 's gonna bite you in your ass . I 'm sorry. I just wanted to see how you were settling in . I should have knocked . I 'd read in your file that you had attended the seminary , that you studied to be a priest . It 's wonderful that all you 've been through hasn 't diminished your faith . I pray all the time . I pray even when it looks like I 'm not praying . I know someone 's listening , Bob . Good night . No ... Don 't . Please don 't hurt her . Please ! Were you here all night ? There 's gotta be something here that 's been overlooked , something I can hang this guy with , DNA or no . Speaking of DNA ... Oh , come on . The retests of the typing confirm the original results , that the hair samples do indeed belong to someone other than Robert Fassl . So what do we do ? We just go home ? - This is wrong . This is ... - John , there is something else . Something that explains why 13 years ago the science of the day identified the hair as Fassl 's . I spoke to the forensic examiner who ran the tests . He found a match in 12 of the 13 key genes . What does that mean ? It means that the mitochondrial DNA in the hair sample is genetically similar to Fassl 's . In fact it is remarkably similar . It is so similar that it must be from a blood relative . Wait a minute . Fassl 's an only child . His parents died when he was 13 . - He 's got nobody . - l know . You know ? Then you know that what you 're saying is impossible . And yet somehow it 's true . Would you get dressed and come on downstairs , please ? Bob ... This morning I noticed something that I must talk to you about . The drawers in my bedroom had been opened and somebody had been through my things . - You weren 't home last night ? - l think you know that I wasn 't . As it happens , I was called down to county lockup on behalf of another client . If you 're going to stay here , you have to respect me , my privacy , my possessions . You 're a free man now , and with freedom comes responsibility . I am late for a deposition . Help yourself to breakfast . Mrs Dowdy seems to be running late this morning . Agent Reyes , I 'm Brian Hutchinson , superintendent . - l appreciate you seeing me . - Anything I can do to help . Great. I 'm reviewing evidence in the Fassl case . Whatever I can do to ensure he gets locked back up again . Tell me what you need . Thank you . That 's an extremely helpful attitude . What 's your reason for it ? I just don 't think the system should have let him go . Why exactly ? The court says he 's innocent . Maybe . But there 's another murder they don 't know about . Bob Fassl 's cellmate was a biker named Spud Jennings . A real badass , or at least he thought he was . - Jennings was murdered ? - Oh , yeah . We found him in a hallway that Bob Fassl had been mopping . He was lying ten feet from Bob Fassl 's mop bucket . - Fassl nowhere to be found . - Fassl killed him ? The murderer was caught on a security camera once he turned the corner . This is a video grab , a pretty clear one . You can see the blood on his hands . One problem . This isn 't Fassl . This isn 't anybody . This man doesn 't fit the description of any inmate currently incarcerated here . We haven 't been able to find him since . Don 't ask me to explain it . We couldn 't charge Fassl with it either . But I know he had something to do with it . Agent Doggett . A word , please . - Don 't you have something to tell me ? - What do you mean ? The DNA retests. I understand you received the results this morning . - Mr Fassl has been exonerated ... again . - The results aren 't that simple . The DNA is similar to Fassl 's to a degree we haven 't made sense of yet . Look. I just spoke to the DA . He 's authorized a settlement offer which I intend to deliver to Mr Fassl 's counsel posthaste . I 'll send the bailiffs down to retrieve the case files . - Have a nice flight back to DC . - We need more time to get to the truth . This isn 't about the truth . This is about getting a conviction , Agent Doggett . And if we can 't get a conviction , then the truth doesn 't matter . John ! I may have a break in this case . - A suspect . - A suspect ? Not Fassl ? You really need to see this . - So who is he ? - l 'm wondering more " What is he ? " I ran him through the offender database , facial recognition . Came up with nothing . It 's like he has no identity . Yet somehow this person materialized inside a maximum-security prison , killed an inmate and then vanished into thin air . Materialized how ? Like Casper the Friendly Ghost ? When Duke and I entered that house back in ' 89 , we didn 't find ZZ Top here . We found Bob Fassl , end of story . Yeah , but what if the two were somehow connected ? Monica , this is not an X-File . Don 't try to turn it into one . In prison , this being , this person , whatever you wanna call him , acted as if he were protecting Bob Fassl . By getting him locked up in prison in the first place ? So either he 's doing Fassl 's bidding , or Fassl 's doing his . I 'm thinking this bearded man was the one who committed the other seven murders . I think we can prove it . DNA evidence in the Sing Sing murder was gathered and filed . All we have to do is compare it to the DNA from the 1989 murders . No . Unfortunately that 's not gonna work . - The 1989 evidence has to be thrown out . - What are you talkin ' about ? The hair samples logged to your crime scene , Agent Doggett , were not there on the day the crimes were committed . Are you accusing me ? Are you accusing me of planting evidence ? I am simply stating the facts . OK ? The DNA evidence that was used to convict Bob Fassl was planted . Mr Fassl , I 'm Damon Kailer . I need to speak with your attorney . is she here ? You were at my hearing . I 'm the assistant district attorney . is Jana home ? She 's not here . Mr Fassl , I came to make a settlement offer on your case . There 's ... There 's no reason to be upset . This is good news for you . Tell her to call me . We 'll work it out . I wanna go back . - l 'm sorry ? - Please send me back to prison . Listen , Mr Fassl. I shouldn 't be discussing this with you without your attorney present . - But it 's my fault . - l can 't be hearing this . - lt 's the truth . - That 's not my concern . - l 'm sorry , John . - You framed Fassl . You saw how it was going down . We arrested him at the scene , but he left no prints , no hair , no fiber . Nothing to tie him to the murders . How did you do it ? I took part of a hair sample that was found at a previous murder , and put it in with the evidence from our crime scene . Johnny , it was the one and only time I ever did anything like that . I was scared Fassl would walk , and I couldn 't let that happen . Not when I knew that ... he was guilty . Oh , God Almighty ... You know this is gonna come out . No one 's gonna hear it from me , but I can 't ask Agent Scully to lie . I don 't want you to . Duke , you son of a bitch ! This is a felony ! I don 't know how I can forgive you for this . You break my heart . Excuse me . Agent Doggett ? ADA Kailer , I assume you haven 't seen him . No . Why ? Apparently nobody has . Mr Fassl , when did you last see Damon Kailer ? Two days ago , at his hearing . My client had nothing to do with Mr Kailer 's disappearance . - No direct involvement . - None . I think we can accept that . We also accept that Mr Fassl had no direct involvement in the seven murders he was convicted of . How magnanimous of you . It 's too bad you 're 13 years too late . - ls that it ? - No . Actually , we believe this person committed the murders . What do you think ? Do you recognize this man ? You know , we 're here as a courtesy , which is something the police and the prosecution never showed Bob once . Are you a Catholic , Bob ? So am I . I remember times in my life when my rosary was a great comfort to me . Comfort in times of tribulation . And watching you now , I get the feeling that this is a tribulation for you . This man . is it that he won 't leave you alone , Bob ? is it that you just want him to go away ? Tell us about him . Tell us , so we can help make him go away . No more mind games . We 're done . What was that ? I don 't know about you , but that was me changing my theory . - What , no more ghosts ? - Nope . Just Fassl . What if a man of profound faith , a devout Catholic , was incapable of contrition ? As in ... he couldn 't admit his own sins ? Or even that he had a sinful side to him , as we all do . What if he were so frightened by it that he couldn 't even admit it to himself ? Might not that man manifest a second personality ? But it wouldn 't explain the DNA evidence . It would if he physically became that other personality . So we 've moved on from Casper the Friendly Ghost to Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde ? There is a precedent in the Catholic canon itself . Transubstantiation . The manipulation of matter and energy . Water into wine ? Or the communion wafer into the body of Christ . Monica , I 've slept through Sunday schools , but I never heard about the guy becoming another guy . It makes sense . It explains what happened 13 years ago and what 's happening now . So what you 're saying is , because this man won 't face himself , won 't face his own sins , that he is forced to become someone else . A killer . So how does someone go about catching a killer who hides inside an innocent man ? Do it . I don 't wanna hurt her . Bob , are you OK ? Kill her . Oh , my God . What happened ? I ... I fell . I 'll fix you up . You 'll be OK . I 'll take the next couple of hours . You should get some shuteye . Give yourself a break . You haven 't slept in 48 hours . I 'll sleep once we make sure this guy Fassl never kills again . Fassl and his Charlie Manson sidekick . - They 're the same person . - l don 't wanna hear . I just need to hear another theory that makes sense . That theory doesn 't make any sense . How the hell to you does that make sense ? Meat-and-potatoes police work is what busted this guy 13 years ago . It 's what 's gonna bust him again . And that 's enough . And the day that 's not enough ... then I don 't know what to tell you . Cos I got nothin ' else . Check it out . The front door . Jana Fain - check on her . He was here . He was here , the man in your photo . The bearded man ? - Where 's Bob Fassl ? - He was right there , and then he wasn 't . I don 't know where ... - Agent Reyes . - Call the police . Agent Reyes . " Cable access . " Fassl worked for Triboro Cable . - The trail ends here . - Blood . He could have gone either way . John . You OK ? Come on . I 'll take this way . John ! John ! Monica ! - Let him go . You hear me ? - Don 't waste your breath . Shoot the bastard . Bob Fassl , I 'm talking to you . I know you 're in there , Bob . There 's a small part of you in there that couldn 't kill Jana Fain . I 'll kill him . I believe you , Bob , because you 're a murderer . Shut up. I 'm not him . - You 're notjust a murderer , you 're a sinner . - Shut up . Shut up . Shut up ! My housekeeper , Mrs Dowdy , can I see her ? It 's better that you don 't . And the district attorney ? There are a lot of bodies in there . There are many more victims than anyone ever knew . I saw a bearded man. I know what I saw . Ms Fain , I think we 'd better get you home . John ? I 've been 48 hours without sleep . I found out my ex-partner 's a liar , a felon . Don 't ask me to explain how this could be . So what happened tonight , all that was just you seeing things ? I can 't accept this . If you can , God love you , but it 's not the way my mind works . You closed this case . This time around that was enough . What happens next time ? Visiontext Subtitles : Sarah Emery US english
