 Yeah , dudes . Welcome to your Dumb Ass Show. I am your Sky Commander Winky . - And this is the beautiful Captain Dare . - Yeah , baby . - The biggest dumb-ass I know . - Thank you , Sky Commander . Captain Dare will show you what a dumb-ass he really is . But be forewarned . Only a stupid dumb-ass would neglect to take every safety precaution in the stunts you are about to witness . Now , the physics alone took almost five minutes of calculation . Yeah , dude . Fire when ready . Oh , mother ... What the ... And that 's a dumb-ass . Oh , right in the ... Natalie , come here . How about a kiss for good luck ? - Bill , why are you doing this ? - His name 's Captain Dare . And he 'll be famous one day for going where no dudes have gone before . If you won 't give me a kiss , how about throwing me a magazine ? That is it . There it is . That is a dumb-ass . I 'm the man . What up ? Come here . You want some dirt on you ? And now the awesome Captain Dare will make Dumb Ass history in the scientifically modified shopping cart of doom . Rolling down this hill , hitting the launch ramp at an estimated 24.6 miles an hour , sailing just over the scrumptious Natalie Gordon , who will be holding this flaming torch in her mouth . - l didn 't say I was going to do anything . - This is the money shot . Captain , tell her . What could go wrong ? You mean besides landing on me and crushing my head ? It 'll be killer . The Captain will jump , her torch will set the cart on fire . And our daring hero rolling on to salvation in the pool of life , triumphant . Natalie , come on . Just do it for me . Please ? You 're gonna freakin ' fly , man . This is gonna be big . You can do this . - You are the man . Show ' em , dumb-ass . - l 'm the man . I 'm the man . Captain Dumb-Ass , comin ' down . What up . Bill ! Now that 's a dumb-ass . Come on , Bill , get up . - Thanks for coming so quickly . - You the medical examiner ? I 'm Dr Fountain . You 're the experts from the fbi ? - " The experts ? " - l was told you were the experts . We work on the X-Files . Our expertise is the unexplained . - We were told you had an unexplained death . - You 're the experts . You tell me . Why don 't you explain what happened ? Well , I can 't . That 's the point . - You can 't tell us anything ? - l 'd prefer not to go on record . - Why is that ? - The kid 's parents are suing everyone . - For what ? - Everything . The county for making the street too steep , the shop he stole the cart from , the company that made the helmet he wore . Off the record , what the hell has that got to do with a supermarket shopping cart ? - You familiar with The Dumb Ass Show ? - The Dumb Ass Show ? A cable TV show where kids act like dumb-asses . - They tape themselves doing stunts . - This was an accident ? I 'd prefer not to get sucked into a legal nightmare . You investigate the unexplained . How about you explain it to me ? Dr Fountain , do you see this ? - What the hell is that ? - You 're asking me ? - Thanks for coming so quickly . - You said " urgent . " - What am I looking at ? - Maybe you can tell us . is she the expert ? What do you think ? Well , I have to say that I have never seen anything quite like this before . Something killed this kid . Judging from the amount of insect feces in the ear and nasal cavities , they fed at such a furious rate that it caused the boy 's skull to collapse from the inside . His helmet protected his head during the crash . There is no impact trauma here . You 're saying flies killed him ? Of all the kids at the scene , flies choose to attack this boy . Why ? Maybe they acted for reasons we 're not seeing . What if somebody put something in his helmet ? Insect pheromone . Spanish Fly , that stuff you see advertised in magazines that guys use to attract girls . I glance at ' em for amusement . I may have to brush up on my Spanish Fly , but I don 't think the science works that way . Before we look for an MO , I wanna find out what kind of fly would act that aggressively . The musca vetustissima Walker , the Australian bush fly . It craves protein so much , it will crawl into your nose , mouth , ears , even eyes , to feed on blood and moisture . The New Zealand screwworm fly often kills its victims in mere moments by burrowing into an open wound or cut . I 'm sorry. I 'm Dr Rocky Bronzino . Hi . Rocky Bronzino . Hello there . Rocky Bronzino . Field entomological expert , Rutgers University , at your service . - Dr Bronzino ... - Rocky . Neither of these flies are indigenous to America . Are you suggesting a virulent foreign vector ? No . Your specimens are your garden-variety calliphorid , harmless as , well , flies . - What are you suggesting , then ? - Nothing . Dr Fountain brought me in for my scientific expertise and I must say I 'm glad he did . Dr Bronzino , you should know we may be looking at a murder . A murder ? Are there any suspects ? Natalie Gordon , the lady in Captain Dare 's short life and the last person to see him alive . - Leave me alone . - lt 's for the memorial video . For a fallen hero . A few words for Captain Dare . You want a few words , Winky ? You 're ajerk , and so 's your brother , for making Bill do those stupid stunts . Captain Dare died doing what he loved , pushing the envelope . Maybe if you weren 't such a ... Hey , you . Freaky-Deaky . You want your own memorial ? You wanna be in Dumb Ass ? Just leave her alone . I 'm talking to you now , freak . David Winkle. ln my office , right now . Typical . Lokensgard 's gonna have his mommy stick up for him . Baby . That is it . There it is . I just solved this case . This kid had crap for brains . The flies couldn 't resist . - And you were a choirboy growing up ? - We were stupid , but we didn 't know it . This isn 'tjust stupid , this glorifies stupid . These kids take pride in being sub-mental . That 's why they call it Dumb Ass . - Mr David Winkle . - Sky Pilot Winky . Just the man we wanna see . Come on in . - Very entertaining , Sky Pilot . - Sky Commander . You can call me Sheriff John as I haul your dumb ass to jail . - What are you talkin ' about ? - We have a recent email you sent , offering the video of this death to the Fox network . No , I wrote all the networks . Fox were the only one who were interested . I don 't think you understand . You think I killed him ? You think I 'd kill Captain Dare to make money ? My best friend ? You were the last person to have contact with him . You gave him his helmet at the top of the hill . I think you put something in it . - Sit down , Sky Commander . - l can 't. I 'm being attacked . Oh , God , it 's happening to me . Now that 's a dumb-ass . Where you been ? Dinner 's been on the table an hour . I 'm not hungry . Then you sit down here until you get hungry . Dylan ? I have something to talk to you about . I 'm glad you 're here . We got our first break . - What 'd you find ? - lt 's what Rocky Bronzino found . The flies that ate at the brain and skull of the victim are all female . Every one . - Exactly how is that a break ? - What are the chances of that ? You mean the absence of males suggests a reason for the attack , behaviorally ? Something biological - hormonal or chemical - caused these bugs to attack . - Or a need to express themselves . - Say what ? The kid known as Sky Commander Winky . Agent Reyes and I were interviewing him when this happened . Paramedics treated him for an aggressive attack of body lice . Lice are not uncommon in a school environment . But these are better spellers than most of the kids . - So is this just another Dumb Ass stunt ? - That was my thought . But he was too freaked out to make me believe he 'd staged this . Which makes me think that while you 're right about this being biology , someone is directing the biology . How does one direct bugs ? I don 't know , but we 've been running down a long list of witnesses . A loner who was at every Dumb Ass stunt . He had a run-in with Winky before the lice attack . His name is Dylan Lokensgard . We 'll talk to him . He 's just not well . He 's unable to talk . Dylan , I wanna have a talk with you . Honey , can you come out here ? - Where are you going ? - To school . I know where you 're going . - What did Natalie want ? - Stay away from her . She 's no good for you . We 've been friends since we were kids . But you 're not kids any more , which is why we need to talk . Your body is going through changes . You don 't understand anything . I don 't wanna talk to you . I wish Dad was still here . You know nothing about me . Honey , I want what 's best for you . Dylan , come back here . So many flowers , so little time . - Excuse me ? - Pheromones , Dr Scully . Heavy in the air . Nature 's natural attractants , driving the insect world to go forth and pollinate . I 'm aware how pheromones work . According to this there are no pheromones here . That can 't be right . The sensor is an actual fly antenna , over which the pheromones pass . I modified the EAG to measure in picograms , making it sensitive for a mile in any direction . I still don 't see why pheromones might cause a harmless fly to attack a human , Doctor . Rocky . Bugs are small-minded and therefore very predictable . They don 't have moods . They react to circumstance and stimuli . They have been doing it for millennia . So what do you suppose they 're reacting to out here ? It may be the bugs are being somehow driven crazy with desire . They say we humans respond to pheromones too . - l agree with that . - Women 's dormitory syndrome . Pheromones are the reason that women who live together share the same menstrual cycle . Fascinating . When a male and female calliphorid fly mate , they are joined for up to one and a half hours . One and a half , Doctor . Rocky , I 'm a mother . Mothers are women too . - Big hit . - What is it ? A high concentration of C-13 calliphorone . Incoming . - Are you all right ? - l 'm fine . - What about your bike ? - l 'll get it later . - l came by your house to see you . - Really ? Your mom said something was wrong with you . Me ? No , I 'm fine . What did you want ? I wanted to apologize about what happened yesterday at the cafeteria . Winky can be such ajerk . I was just worried about you . What did I say ? Nothing . No one understands . My mom and dad think it 's just gonna go away . What I 'm feeling . You mean about Bill ? I wish you could just turn back time . I wish you could just make everything go away , and start all over again . I know , like when we were kids . Remember that night we played hide-and-seek on your street ? Manhunt . We hid in the tree together . Our names are still carved in it . I 'm gonna be late . Dylan Lokensgard ? Can you come with us , Dylan ? And now the awesome Captain Dare will make Dumb Ass history ... - Why are you showing me this ? - What do you think of it ? - You mean The Dumb Ass Show ? - That and the kids who make it . I know ' em . You ever have contact with Bill , the kid who played Captain Dare ? You have anything against him ? Do you think it 's strange that he was attacked and killed by insects ? Who wouldn 't ? - What 's going on ? - We 're talking to Dylan . No , you 're not . Dylan . No one interrogates my son in my office without my permission . - Calm down . - He 's not a part of that crowd . - What are you accusing him of ? - We 're just asking what he knows . - He doesn 't know anything . - He was at the crime scene . So were a lot of kids . Dylan ... Too late , gentlemen . The bugs are gone . Bugs are all gone . Whatever . - How is he ? - He 's unhurt , apparently . Not so much as a single bite on him . Mrs Lokensgard , we haven 't finished talking to Dylan . Yes , you have . We 're going home . I 've said it before . This case is attracting flies because somebody 's full of crap . I think what we just saw was a show . Dylan made the bugs attack him to make himself look like a victim , not the perpetrator . OK , but how ? This guy 's a horse whisperer for bugs ? I don 't know how he 's doing it , but I may know a way to find out . - Where did you get this ? - Dylan gave it to us in his interview . There 's not a lot to be found in a teenage boy 's sweaty Kleenex . You want pheromones . Aren 't they in adolescent sweat ? Yes , it 's what causes BO . But obviously it 's not all that attractive - to anything . I 've got a reading going right off the scale . Holy Toledo . We got pheromones coming out the Yin-Yang here . C-13 calliphorone , and how . - What happened ? - l think my electroantennogram tilted . - What 's C-13 calliphorone ? - lnsect pheromone . - Where did you find this mother lode ? - A boy , Dylan Lokensgard . That specimen came from him . A boy secreting bug pheromones ? That 's impossible . Preposterous . You 're the expert , Dr Bronzino . How else do you explain it ? Rocky ? A boy is a boy , a bug is a bug . You can 't have it both ways . He 's going through puberty . Maybe his body chemistry is going crazy and his raging teenage hormones are attracting insects . What if it 's more than chemistry or hormones or biology ? Dylan 's notjust attracting bugs . He 's using them . Yes , but against what ? - We saw him talking to a girl . - The one in the Dumb Ass video . Captain Dare 's girlfriend . - What are you doing ? - l need to talk to you . You have to be quiet . My mom 's gonna hear you . I 'm coming up . What ? No . - You 're gonna break your neck . - l needed to see you . I haven 't been here in so long . Since fourth grade . After school . It was a Wednesday in April . " A dream in a mist of gray . " That 's from a Syd Barrett song . - How do you know all these things ? - My dad told me . Syd Barrett , he was in the band Pink Floyd . He was this brilliant guy that nobody understood . Kinda like you . Me ? I never said I was sorry when your dad disappeared , Dylan . I never said a lot of things . But I wanna say ' em now . I know you 've always cared about me . We 've grown apart , but I haven 't forgotten you . And after we talked this morning at school , I realized how special you really are to me . I can 't believe this . After what happened to Bill , I realized how important it is to have someone who does understand you . I want us to do this . That was amazing . What was that ? What was what ? Your tongue . There 's something wrong with you . No , don 't say that . - l need to go . - Natalie , please don 't . Just stay . Let me talk to you . Natalie , listen to me . Natalie , please . Hey , Bug Boy . How about we go for a little buzz around the block ? So , Lokensgard , how 'd you do it ? How 'd you kill him ? - Bugs killed Captain Dare . - Yeah , bugs that do what you say . You wanna know how I did it ? I 'll show you . Maybe you should get your camera ready . - What are you talkin ' about ? - l just have to open my mouth . What the hell ... Oh , God ! I 'm getting a reading here . Trace levels inside the house . I guess that 's probable cause . Dr Scully ? This is so exciting . I 've never had a partner before . I have . I think of it as a hymenopteran relationship . Two scientists reaching higher than either of them could reach alone . If I may say so , Doctor , you complete me . - l got upstairs , you take down . - All right . Oh , God . David Winkle , is that you ? - Now that 's a dumb-ass . - lt wasn 't a stunt . It was Dylan Lokensgard . He attacked us . - He attacked you ? - The dude 's a freakin ' bug . He chewed right out the back window . You stay. I 'll see that Dylan didn 't head to that girl 's house . Where are you ? I 'm with Rocky at the Lokensgard house . Nobody 's here . I 'm afraid the kid 's on a tear . - He 's caused an accident on Glenhaven Road . - How 'd he do that ? Better see for yourself . C-13 calliphorone. I got a reading up here . Dylan 's bedroom 's up there . Unfortunately he 's not in it . - Where are you going ? - Kid 's on a rampage . You got my number , partner . - Natalie ? - Whoever you are , leave me alone . I 'm Monica Reyes , with the fbi . I 'm here because I need your help . - lt 's about Dylan . - Don 't say that name . It 's important . You may be the key to stopping him . Dylan Lokensgard is a freak . I thought he was the normal one . I think Dylan was normal , like any other kid . This is to do with what he 's becoming . - He kissed me . - And it 's probably what he 's living for . It 's probably why he attacked David Winkle and his brother . - He attacked Winky ? - They 'll be OK . We just wanna make sure he doesn 't hurt anyone else . Come with me . - Why did you run from me ? - What is wrong with you ? I 'm different. lsn 't that what you wanted ? Somebody different from Bill and Winky . - You killed Bill . - To keep you from being killed . - And now you 're coming with me . - Stay where you are , Dylan . Don 't try and stop me . That little talk you wanted to have , it 'll have to wait . - Where do you think you 're going ? - We 're going , me and Natalie . - l 'll be taking the car . - You won 't . Don 't cross me. I 'm not a kid everybody can kick around any more . You think I don 't know what you are ? It 's what I 've been trying to tell you , to save you from what you are about to do . These are the things I couldn 't tell you , the things I couldn 't tell your father . You are not like the other kids . You never will be . Monica . Holy Mother . Monica , hold on . Can you hear me ? Can you breathe ? Monica , talk to me . - He 's got the girl . - Where 'd they go ? - To Dylan 's house . - That 's where Scully is . She lost phone contact with the entomologist Bronzino . Where are they ? Help me . Help me . Four bodies were found in the attic , including that of Michael Lokensgard , Dylan 's father , long reported missing . He , like the others , fell victim to Dylan 's mother , who , in Dr Rocky Bronzino 's expert opinion , was neither human nor insect , but something in between , a biological anomaly whose difference from the rest of humanity could be hidden only for so long . However strong Dylan Lokensgard 's yearning to fit in , to win acceptance , to love and to be loved , he could not defeat the unseen forces which direct behavior . In the struggle between our desire to determine what we will be and the identity which biology defines for us , there can only be one outcome . But even in victory , there are forces biology cannot defeat . The stirrings of the soul , the mysteries of desire , the simple truth that the heart wants what the heart wants . Visiontext Subtitles : David Van-Cauter US english
