 - Home to America , Mr Potocki ? - Not a moment too soon . Poor bastard . Here 's 50 peso . Buy yourself some WD-40 . Oh , for cryin ' out loud . Listen , fella , I already gave . Do you understand English ? Long flight , huh ? Bombay to DC ? You know , I always wondered . Do they serve , like , Indian food on the plane ? If there 's anything else I can do for you , sir ... - The things that land in your in-box , huh ? - Good morning. I 'm sorry I 'm late . I didn 't see the case file yet . The traffic 's terrible . Takes longer to get crosstown than it does a plane ride from India . Which is where our victim flew in from last night - Bombay . - Who are we talking about ? - Hugh Potocki . Importer / exporter from Minneapolis . Laid over in DC . All this blood drains from his body . - Did the ME see it ? The body ? - Yeah . Tox test ruled out hemorrhagic fever , Ebola , anything exotic . Something killed this man , but it wasn 't any foreign disease . - No sign of forced entry ? - No . No one was seen comin ' or goin ' from this room . The maid found the body 20 minutes after a bellman left Mr Potocki. lt happened fast . So what you 're saying is that nobody knows anything . But then I guess that 's why it 's in your in-box . So what do you think , Agent Scully ? Haunted hotel room ? Alien invaders ? Sloppy vampires ? There is one small thing . The cops missed it their first time around . - A child 's print . - Yeah . That 's what it looks like . There was a ring of thieves when I was back in New York . They used kids for B and E jobs . Squeezin ' in through cracked windows , that kind of thing . But this , this is beyond . No . From what I see , Agent Doggett , from the way this man died , I doubt it was a kid who did this . Thanks. I 'm not ready to lose all my faith in humanity . But regardless , I 'd say it 's wise you keep an open mind . The better the economy gets , the harder it is to fill these kinds ofjobs . And the problem is that people look at it as just a pay check . They don 't realize that , as Maintenance Engineer , you are playing an important part in these kids ' lives . And I can 't tell you how wonderful it is to find someone as enthusiastic as you are , Mr Burrard . And I understand you can start immediately ? That 's wonderful . - Big fella , isn 't he ? - Big is a relative term , Agent Doggett . It took three strong men to wheel him in here . He tipped the scale at 402 pounds . Hugh Potocki was a big man with big appetites . Loved big cars , big houses , big business . Divorced twice . He carried two alimonies , one with child support . Never missed a payment. ln fact , he seems to have spoiled his wives and kids . - l 'm missing the point . - lt seems he loved big women too . Considering the evidence and motives , we can probably rule out his ex-wives as suspects . Well , considering what I found here today , I 'd say I have to agree . Tissue damage . Massive trauma to the lower intestine and the rectal wall . is that from something goin ' in or comin ' out ? Unfortunately , there 's so much damage that it 's hard to tell . I took MRls , which reveal further shredding throughout the abdomen and into the stomach area . India 's a major transit point for the golden triangle . This guy flew in and out of India a half-dozen times over the past 18 months . Are you suggesting that he 's a mule ? A courier of heroin or opiates ? A drug dealer ? Fills a latex balloon with heroin , swallows it . We 've all seen this kind of thing before . But what if somebody got to him en route , forcibly extracted the drugs , tearing ' it from his stomach ? I 'd say that 's a good theory , Agent Doggett . Not to mention a graphic one . But there would have been traces left of drugs in his system . Nor does it account for the blood loss that this man experienced . Then we 're right back where we started . Nobody knows anything . Not exactly . I ran a decay analysis to determine the time of death . Liver temperature , buildup of gases , extent of rigor - routine stuff . It 's not 100 per cent accurate , but it gives us a range . - What 's the range ? - 24 to 36 hours . Well , that 's just wrong . It would mean that Mr Potocki here would have died before he left Bombay . No. lt would mean that a dead man boarded a plane in India , changed planes in Paris , hailed a cab at Dulles and then checked into a downtown hotel and tipped the bellman . In my experience , dead men don 't tip , Agent Scully . I told you to keep an open mind . - Look what you did to my scooter . - lt 's mine . - Yeah , right . - You gonna take it from me ? Hey . Leave him alone . What 's goin ' on here , Quinton ? I know you . Your name 's Trevor ? You 're in seventh grade , right ? Got nothing better to do than pick on sixth graders ? - He ran into me . - Liar . Enough . You wanna be a bully ? Find somebody your own age . I 'll talk to your father if I have to . Come on , Quinton . Yes . Thank you . Sorry to wake you . Goodbye . - Bad connection ? - Consulate in New Delhi . Three weeks ago an American businessman was found dead in his hotel room . Look . A Mr Albert Brecht of Spokane . The reports were hard to piece together . The medical records are in Hindi . The death certificate 's in Farsi . And the news accounts are in ... I don 't know , letters I 've never seen before . But I did get you a translation of Mr Brecht 's autopsy results . Internal trauma . Tearing in the abdomen . You 're the doctor. lt sounds like the same MO , doesn 't it , Agent Scully ? Look at this . Brecht 's passport was a recent issue . It has his weight at 205 pounds . Whereas here , an Indian medical examiner has him listed at 238 pounds just two hours after his death . Well , if there 's one thing people lie about , it 's their weight . That 's a pretty big lie . I mean , that 's a 33-pound discrepancy . Well , he was a big man , that 's for sure . Yeah . As was our DC victim . All the better for accommodation . Accommodation ? Well , something has to account for the weight gain , Agent Doggett . What if whatever it is that killed these men entered and exited them of its own free will ? I mean , something small , with small hands , living inside the victims as a stowaway of sorts . You know I agree that having an open mind is important to crime solving , but this theory of yours requires an openness that I 'm just not comfortable with . I understand , Agent Doggett . And I can 't prove it , but I bet that if we had weighed Hugh Potocki when he first arrived here from Bombay , that he would have been 33 pounds heavier than his corpse . It 's a theory , Agent Scully , but to my mind - and pretty much the rest of me - it doesn 't work . I appreciate your resistance . But so far this evidence supports it . Except one thing . Even if there was something living inside of Hugh Potocki when he arrived from Bombay , you said that Mr Potocki was already dead . Dad . Dad ? Dad . Dad . Dad . - Quint , what is it ? - There 's a man in here . What ? - What are you talking about ? - He was here , Dad . Right over there . - He had no legs . - Quinton . Quinton , listen to me . Things that you imagine , things that you dream , they 're not real . - And what 's not real can 't hurt you . - But , Dad , it was real. lt was . Quint , there 's nobody here . Try to get some sleep . OK ? Dad ? Dad ? The first dead body I saw , I was 19 and a marine . This boy ... Criminy . Yeah . - That 's not all he claims he saw . - That 's what the cops told me . That 's why I thought we should come down here . He said he called his dad in because there was something in his room . I asked him to describe it . He said that it was a munchkin . That it had no legs . And that it was keeping itself up with its arms . That 's a pretty good trick , considering what I just found upstairs . Palm prints in the boy 's bedroom . They match the ones we found in Potocki 's room . And that 's the good news . Itjust doesn 't serve your theory . Because this thing didn 't get in here in anybody 's body . - lt came in through the bedroom window . - How can you be sure ? There was another print on the sill outside the locked window . Somebody must have closed it after it got in . Right . Which is exactly what the boy said that his father did . But it 's the father that I have a problem with here . He had none of the massive hemorrhaging that we found in Mr Potocki . The coroner 's initial report makes it sound like the guy died of a cerebral embolism . The one salient detail in the external exam are the eyes , in which all of the blood vessels are broken . Unless that 's just the first stage . This is Special Agent Dana Scully . I am a medical doctor about to perform an unauthorized procedure on a body . The subject is a Caucasian male . Age. I don 't remember at this particular time . His height is about six feet . And his weight is quite possibly subject to change . I suppose distension could be due to decomposition gases . But that seems unlikely . Reliability is one of the most important parts of yourjob . We were very worried when you didn 't show up this morning . They 're called fakir , ascetic masters bound to acts of self-torture to attain enlightenment . We shot this video when I was travelin through India in the ' 70s . Oh , man , look at my hair back then . Agent Mulder consulted with Dr Burks on occasion . I admit that I 've been skeptical of him in the past , but he does have certain insights . Well , we could use some insights . Well , I 'm embarrassed to admit , but I 'm not sure I know what the heck 's goin ' on here . These ascetic masters - they have abilities ? Absolutely . And abilities similar to those you told me about on the phone have been ascribed to what are known as siddhi mystics . The siddhi are a very mysterious and particularly powerful order of fakirs . These siddhi , they pass on their secret practices from father to son , gaining occult powers with each generation . - What kind of powers ? - Powers of the mind . Powers that help them manipulate reality . Powers that allow them to become invisible or tiny as an atom . Well , I hope they 're tiny - where whoever it is is goin ' . Chuck , could one of these siddhi mystics make you believe that he vanished in a room when in fact he 's standing right in front of you ? Totally . Or disguise themselves , appearing in front of you as , well , virtually anyone . I 'm sorry , Dr Burks , you 're a professor of what ? I run the Advanced Digital Imaging Lab at the University of Maryland . And I dabble . You dabble ? Well , this has been insightful . - Doesn 't surprise me . - What ? It 's hard to believe in something when you can 't understand it . - Get outta here . - Just let me talk to you . - Let me alone . - l wanna say I 'm sorry . - No , you 're not . - No , I am . Would you just listen ? I 'm sorry about your dad . I think I know who did it . Agent Scully ? Chuck . Thank you for coming down here again . Not at all. I was just a little curious . I mean , it 's always Mulder who 'd been doing all the calling and ... This case. I 'm just ... I 'm trying to see it the way that Mulder would , and ... - Please , have a seat . - Of course . So , what seems to be the problem ? You described these siddhi mystics as being religious men . Extremely . They believe their powers derive directly from the divine . So , presumably , using those powers for murder would be in opposition of that ? Worse. lt would violate the very foundation of ascetic life . It would endanger their eternal soul . Which got me thinking that if these siddhi hold so fast to their orthodoxy , then what would cause them to break their faith ? - l don 't know . - Something human . Revenge ? Maybe . This is an American chemical plant in a village in India called Vishi . It 's just outside of Mumbai , which is better known to us as Bombay . About six months ago the plant inadvertently released a small cloud of methyl isocyanate gas . 118 of Vishi 's mostly indigenous population were killed . But it wasn 't very well reported over here . I spent all night cross-checking the victims of the disaster . And one finally caught my attention . Now , it 's ... Oh , here . It 's an 11-year-old boy whose father is described as being a holy man of the Chamar caste . The beggar caste . Fakirs and mystics are , well , often of low birth . Do you think that this boy 's father could be a siddhi mystic like you described ? He could be . But if he 's out for revenge , then why is he killing the people that he 's killing ? What 's the matter with you ? Nothing . Trevor . Where are you going ? Dinner 's on the table . Trevor ? Trevor , dinner . Trevor . Trevor . Excuse me . She came out to call her son in for dinner . That 's all we know . What are we doin ' here ? Cos I 'm not sure . What are we doing ? A woman died of mysterious circumstances not three blocks away from a previous victim . External signs are a direct match . - That woman 's eyes . - l saw her eyes . But dollars to doughnuts , there wasn 't anything that crawled up inside her . I think we 're reachin ' here . Maybe you 're seein ' things that you wanna see . - Are you questioning my integrity ? - No , I 'm questioning ' the whole damn case . From your so-called expert , to the evidence you 've chosen to ignore , to the fact that your approach has got us no closer to a pattern or a motive or even catching ' this killer than we were when we started . I asked you to keep an open mind . Yeah , well , I try to keep an open mind , but it tends to shut my eyes . There is something here , Agent Doggett . And I 'll admit that it 's hard to accept . But there is a motive and there is a pattern and there is a reason . And we will see it . But not working like this . Yeah , well . I hope somebody sees it . Trevor ? - Trevor , I 'm Dana Scully ... - What happened ? - Your father 's in the house. I 'm gonna take ... - Where 's my mom ? Trevor . He was here . The little man . I saw him . He followed me . Agent Doggett ? Where is he ? is that him ? If you mean the janitor , yeah , that 's him , right in there . Agent Scully called and said that you had arrested what might be an honest-to-goodness siddhi mystic . Agent Scully jumped the gun on that one . The only thing extraordinary about this man is he doesn 't speak , to anyone . Where is Agent Scully ? She left , after four hours of attempting to interrogate this guy . Unless he jumps up and does something mystical in the next ten minutes , we 're releasing ' him . - What are you doin ' ? - The man sitting there may not be the man sitting there . No one may be there at all , in fact . Not in the next ten minutes , there ain 't . Oh , wow . Agent Doggett ? You gotta take a look at this . Come on. lt 's a trick . Yeah , but not of the camera . Wait , if he 's not there ... He could be anywhere . - Yes ? - Sir , I am so sorry to bother you again . - l know this has been a terrible ordeal . - Yes . What is it you need ? I need to speak with your son Trevor again . is this about his mother ? Well , Trevor told me that he saw a man . There 's just something that doesn 't quite add up , and I need to be certain . Thank you . Scully . I think you ought to get back here , Agent Scully . There 's somethin ' ... - What ? - The janitor , he 's here but he 's not . I can 't explain it . - Trevor 's not in his room . - Just hang on one second . Agent Doggett , what do you mean , he 's not there ? - Who 's that ? - Hello ? Mr Burrard . I thought you ... Well , I didn 't expect to see you back at work . This is the agent who picked him up before . Can you make this call ? Here he comes . Trevor ? Are you there ? - Get out of there . - The windows are locked . Break ' em , OK ? I 'll get help . - Oh , thank God . - Do something . Quinton , what 's the matter ? It 's him. lt 's the little man . Who ? Trevor ? All right , now , you boys , you just stop playing around . OK , don 't move . - Stay where you are . - Wait , what are you doing ? Stop him . Shoot him . I can 't . - Oh , my God . - What is it ? What happened ? Agent Scully ? Scully ? You gonna be OK , Agent Scully ? I got a drift of what happened in there to you . I mean , sorta . I shot a young boy . The good news is , you 're wrong . But it 's what I saw . With my eyes , anyway . Do you know what it 's like not to be able to trust your own eyes ? Then why 'd you shoot him ? Because it 's what the boy saw . And in an instant , I realized that it 's what Mulder would have seen , or understood . Because that 's just how he came at things - withoutjudgment and without prejudice , and with an open mind that I am just not capable of . It 's been a long night . Give yourself a break . This whole thing didn 't make any sense . No . It did . In some way , it did . No , thanks . Visiontext Subtitles : Stephanie Donohue US english
