 Land sakes , George , what are you tryin ' to do ? - l was trying to be quiet . - Quiet ? I smelled you on the stairs . 39 years , I 'm still surprised that embalming fluid of yours doesn 't wake the dead . Didn 't wake old Zig McPherson tonight , God rest his soul . Well , you go outside and take those clothes of yours off , so I can rest mine . George ! I 'm going , Tohoma. I 'm going . What the hell ? What the hell is that ? George ? So , this is where the bad kids are banished to . Put me down here , I 'd probably cook up a lot of crazy ideas , too . - Good morning . - Morning . I 'll catch you guys later . Some friends . They 're just curious . I 'm not here to be a curiosity , Agent Doggett. I 'm here to work . I am too , Agent Scully . I 've been here all weekend and this morning . I went over every X-File in that cabinet . I just left to get some coffee . Well ... - D 'you have any questions ? - Just a few . Maybe first you could tell me where your area is here and where mine 's gonna be . This is my partner 's office , Agent Doggett . You and I will just be using it for a while . - So where do we get started ? - Homicides . Two in Idaho . White male , 62 , undertaker by profession . He was killed on his porch , ten feet from his wife . Holy God . Cause of death was blood loss from numerous deep wounds , from bites . Any thoughts , any questions ? - Bites ? - On his head , torso and hands . Two of his fingers were missing , eaten off . - By what , an animal ? - These were murders . The bites on his wife appear to be human . I 've seen some violent crimes , some seriously screwed-up stuff , but this is extreme . - ls there demonstration of motive ? - Not according to local PD . is there any pattern or ritual or anything ? I have to admit , Agent Scully , I 'm at a loss . Well , that 's a good place to start . - You the folks from the fbi ? - Yeah . - Yale Abbott , Cassia County Sheriff 's . - Hi . Agent Scully . This is Agent Doggett . We like to handle our own problems , but some hotshots in the county seat think this is beyond us . Not that we don 't appreciate your coming out to help . I hope we can . - l 'm a little baffled by what I 've seen . - Oh , really ? Detective , we 've seen cases like yours regularly on our unit . Agent Doggett has only just been assigned to the X-Files . There is nothing baffling about human bite marks . That 's what I was getting around to , ma 'am . We 're not so sure now that these bites are human . The bodies were found by neighbors , so there was contamination of the crime scene . My boys did a damn good job of separating the various shoe prints and pulling these . Come on over . Right there . See that ? - What is it ? - lt 's not human , I know that . - lt 's not quite animal , either . - There 's only four toes . That 's not an unheard-of birth defect . No more rare than polydactyly . - What did she just say ? - l assume she means it could be human . is that a fair assumption ? I 'd say that assumption is the problem here . A strange print is found , and immediately the most important evidence is thrown out to try and force an explanation . Maybe this print can help explain those bite marks . - How ? - l 'm not quite sure yet . She 's not quite sure yet . Well , I have to say , I 've worked a lot of homicides . If the victims laid out here for any time at all , in a setting like this , it 'd be pretty remarkable if they didn 't attract animals . I think postmortem predation is definitely a consideration here , but I only see one print . And if it were an animal , there would be numerous prints all over here and in the yard . You agree , Agent Doggett ? I 'm gonna go take a look around . I got two old folks in the morgue , mauled beyond recognition . I have no motive to go on , no intent . No evidence cries out for a human explanation , yet you stand there telling me flat out that what we 're looking for is a man . Thanks for everything , Agent Scully . We 'll take it from here . I 'm sure your explanation will mollify those hotshots down at the county seat and relieve any general anxiety about what this thing might be , but only until it strikes again . And one more thing . I never said that what you 're looking for is a man . Agent Scully ? is that a second print ? Could be , but I 'm not sure if it tells us anything . Maybe there 's no prints in the yard because whatever made these didn 't go there . It came through the house . If anything , I 'd say this print leads up the stairs . Think I 've got another partial here . There is a more obvious explanation . The more basic answer is what we 're dealing with is simply a man . A psychotic killer with a deformed foot . You 're familiar with the principle of Ockham 's razor ? Yeah . You take every possible explanation and choose the simplest one . Agent Mulder used to refer to it as Ockham 's principle of limited imagination . Unless you have a simple explanation as to how a killer with a deformed foot leaves a print only every 25 feet . Or to what he 'd even be doing up here . I don 't know. I 'm trying to figure it out just like you are . Agent Doggett ? It 's dark up here . What do you see ? Agent Scully ? Right now , not a heck of a lot . If there was anything up here , it might have gone out that window . You ever carry one of these ? Never . V for " victory . " What ? You said the male victim was missing two fingers ? How 'd the fingers get up here ? From their smell , I 'd say they were regurgitated ... recently . By what ? I saw those on the porch , too . Looks like , to me ... I don 't know . Like it was ... It was ... Hanging there ? - You still here ? - Yeah . I was waiting for lab results and I wanted to take another look at the body . Why ? What did you find ? Nothing that will allay anyone 's fears about what killed this man or his wife . " What " ? You mean who killed them . To be honest , what I found here leans more towards an animal explanation . The scratches on the body match the four-toed prints that we found . And the bites have fang-like tears . What I thought were marks left by human molars are now inconclusive because of enzymes that were found in the bites , which are clearly inhuman . Anticoagulants , which are found solely in the saliva of bats . - Bats . - Yeah . I can 't exactly explain it , but I realize I owe the detective an apology . Well , I 'm not so sure about that . Montana . Headline , circa 1956 . The story 's the same as what you told me . The creature was taken to the coroner , who confirmed it was neither man nor animal . Two days later the coroner was disemboweled by something with four toes . It ate several body parts and regurgitated them elsewhere . - Did they ever find it ? - Five men died or disappeared . Then the killing stops. lt doesn 't say why . But 44 years later it appears it 's back and killing again . You see those marks , right ? And the ones over here on the rafter ? If you ask me , those look like claw marks . I don 't care what kind of a savage he is , what did this isn 't human . If I may speak for Agent Scully , we 're both prepared to concede that point , Detective . - Then you know what this thing is ? - l 've got an article I wanna show you . - Agent Doggett ? - A rather strange account from 1956 . I found something . A photo album . - l think it 's our first break . - What is it ? The victim 's daughter - Ariel - her body was pulled from the river last week . I got that call . Had to come tell Mrs McKesson the bad news . You saying there 's a connection ? You not only told her mother her daughter was dead , but that her body had been horribly and inexplicably burned . A daughter who , by the way , she hadn 't seen in over 40 years . Since 1956 , to be exact , which is the date your article says those first killings started . Do you see the connection ? I 'm not sure where you 're going with this , Agent Scully . - The daughter is the connection . - How is that ? I don 't know , but these killings only started up since her burned body has been found . Honest to God ! You justjump at whatever explanation is the most far-fetched . I suggest you jump at it , too , because her body may have been burned for a reason . You 're gonna wanna exhume it to find out why . You want me to dig up a dead body when I have real people whose lives are in danger ? Hey . What did you say to him ? I told him to dig up the body . Isn 't that what you wanted ? What else did you say to him ? I told him you were a leading authority on paranormal phenomena , and who are we to argue with an expert . Look , I am not an expert . I am a scientist who happens to have seen a lot . - l am just making a leap here . - Well , I 'm sure you have your reasons . You told him to exhume the body when you don 't even necessarily believe me yourself ? I told you I spent the weekend looking through those X-Files , and I saw how pretty much every X-File broke with a leap . Maybe I 'm just an old-fashioned cop , but I don 't take leaps . In my experience , leaps only get people killed . Well , I 'd say that you 're taking a pretty big leap believing in that article about a human bat . How do you do it ? I called the judge 's order in a half-hour ago . You 're fast . Yep . We 're really fast when someone 's done most of our work . What are you talking about ? We got out here , somebody had already dug up the box . All we had to do was haul it out . I don 't know what they were using , but they scratched up the wood on the lid real good . Let 's get this down to the morgue . I think the sooner the better . God . I want a word with you . We listened to you . The detective listened to you . We could 've been hunting this thing down . - You should be doing that now . - Now ? Now 's too late for the detective , isn 't it ? Look , we don 't need you telling us what to do , or your partner . She 's responsible for this . Nobody 's responsible , except for whatever did it . I don 't care who she is or what she is , she 's not touching that body . We don 't need her far-out theories . She 's not welcome here . What happened to the lynch mob ? - You hear all that ? - l heard enough . - Things have taken a little turn . - l don 't think so , Agent Doggett . You can think what you want , but this looks bad for the fbi . - lt was unavoidable . - How do you figure that ? This is the body pulled from the river . She died of natural causes - congestive heart failure - but her body was only burned afterwards . - By who , and why burn it ? - Obviously to cover something up . - Yeah , but what ? - That 's what I still don 't know . We know what we 're looking for . We should be out there looking for it . No use standing here speculating . It kills like an animal , but with purpose . It stalked the detective for the same reason it stalked the old woman and the undertaker . Each victim had had contact with this burned body . The undertaker prepared it , her mother id 'd it , the detective got the call when she was found . Who else would have had contact with it ? The man who found her in the river . A Myron Stefaniuk . - Stefaniuk ? - Yeah . One of the hunters in the photo in 1956 was Ernie Stefaniuk . There 's an address in this file . I hope we 're not too late . Mr Stefaniuk ? Myron Stefaniuk ? - That 's me . - Good . Sorry . You gave us a scare . We went to your home up the road and we couldn 't find you . Why would that scare you ? Sir , we work with the fbi and have reason to believe your life may be in danger . - l 'm in danger ? - We 're investigating some murders that we believe are connected to the body you found . I fished it out of the river . What have I to do with anything ? - We 're not saying for sure that you do . - lt may just be your connection to the body . There is no connection . I just fished it out of the river . - Sorry , sir , but that may be enough . - That 's nonsense . Leave me alone . Ernie Stefaniuk . Lived in Montana in 1956 . D 'you know him ? Ernie was my brother . And one of three hunters that killed a man that was half-animal . - Please ! That was a long time ago . - Know where we can find him to talk to him ? My brother 's dead . That thing killed him . I have a newspaper story that says he disappeared . That was 40 years ago . Leave it alone . Leave me alone . We 've been out here for nine hours . The only thing this man seems to be in danger of is terminal loneliness . Maybe I 'm wrong . Maybe this is all just a grand coincidence and we 're wasting our time out here . You were so sure before . Yeah , I was sure of the facts as I had deduced them scientifically . Maybe I 'm ... I 'm trying to force them into shape . Maybe I 'm manufacturing a theory . What happened to taking a leap ? Maybe I 'm just trying too hard . To do what ? To be Mulder ? You know , I 'm not Oxford educated . About all I know about the paranormal is men are from Mars and women are from Venus . - But I don 't think you 're wrong , Agent Scully . - What makes you say that ? Well , I 'm no Fox Mulder , but I can tell when a man 's hiding something . Myron Stefaniuk fishes a woman out of the river who 's been gone for 40 years . He has a brother he hasn 't seen in over 40 years , a brother who just happened to hunt down some kind of creature over 40 years ago . But what does he have to hide ? That 's what I 'm hoping this good cop work is gonna show us . You there . Stop right there . I see him . Stop where you are . Put your hands up and out . Now , turn around , slowly . Are you Ernie Stefaniuk ? - Are you Ernie Stefaniuk ? - Yes . How 's a man supposed to live ... when his fear becomes obsession ? You 'd do the same thing . Who wouldn 't who wanted to live ? You never left the island ? 44 years. I wouldn 't dare , knowing it was out there . That it could come back for me . You know something about it . About what this thing is . I know on the evolutionary ladder bats are real close by the apes . And just as we came from the apes , so might a man sprung from a bat . To live and hunt like a bat , but with the cold-blooded vengeance of a man . Even if that were true , sir , how could it possibly find you out here on an island ? I needed to cut off all contact . Communication could be only one way . My brother helped me . And then there was my wife . It was her body your brother pulled in . She gave up everything to be with me . I forbid her to tell her mother . 44 years on six acres of island , she made only one demand . To be buried in consecrated earth . She was a Catholic her whole life . Mr Stefaniuk . It 's killed four people . All of whom would have had traces of your scent through various degrees of contact with your wife 's body . - My brother ? - Your brother 's OK , Ernie . But he had contact with Ariel 's body . It 'll come after him , too . He 's all right . We spoke with him earlier today . Today ? Today he might have been fine , but this thing hunts like a bat . It only attacks at night . Stay here . Stay with him . I still don 't understand . What 's that ? - How did you find me out here ? - We followed your brother . No , I mean who figured it out ? I was sure that what we were looking for was something other than a man . The detective who was running the case didn 't believe that , and he 's dead . But your partner , he believed it ? I think he does now . So it was you who figured it . Well , I made the connections , but it was Agent Doggett that got us out here . You ought to be wishing he hadn 't . Excuse me ? The moment you stepped foot here , you 're marked now . You know that ? Sir , I 'm here to protect you . And how are you gonna do that ? You thought of everything , except that . Well , this thing , Mr Stefaniuk , is still flesh and blood . It can be killed . You think it 'll just walk through the door ? It 's waited 44 years. lt 'll wait out there as long as it takes , until you can 't stand it any more . How long can you wait , huh ? A lifetime to live in fear like this , a young woman ? Are you prepared to sacrifice family , children and spend your life terrorized by a monster ? - What is that ? - lt 's ground radar . The sensor 's set at ten-feet high . Anything big enough to set it off is coming in through the trees . - You hear it ? - No . Maybe I got it . Maybe I killed it . If you 've got a gun , get it . Agent Scully . - You OK ? - Yeah. I 'm OK . But you 're not , Agent Doggett . Oh , I got you . Sorry I 'm late. I received a fax up in my old office from Ernie 's brother , Myron Stefaniuk . - He 's alive ? Where is he ? - He doesn 't say . He sent this from a small storefront business just across the state line in Wyoming . He 's gone into hiding . Do you believe it , Agent Doggett ? Believe it ? That this " thing " is still out there and someday it 's gonna come after us ? I 'm pretty sure I hit it , Agent Scully . Pretty sure you hit it , too . The guys upstairs were making some noise about this case and what 's in our field report . Yeah . You 'll get used to it . I ... I never had a desk in here , Agent Doggett , but I 'll see that you get one . All right . And I just want to say ... thank you for watching my back . Well , I never saw it as an option . I 'm sure you don 't either . Visiontext Subtitles : Natasha Cohn US english
