 It 's just senseless . A man so young as Ray . It 's God 's cruel trick , Nora . Don 't go blaming God , Curt . You and I know what killed Ray . Well , we don 't know anything for sure . How does a 41-year-old man just wither away and die ? If any of us knew that , we 'd have done somethin ' about it . Maybe it was just his time . He was a young man when he went over , Curt . - Ray got sick because he fought in the Gulf . - Now , don 't go there , Nora . You just make it worse . The doctors never said ... They never said . That 's right . My husband 's dead , and no one knows why . Maybe I have to find out myself . They 're gonna pay for Ray 's death , whoever 's to blame . No one 's to blame . You 're just upset . - You need a good night 's sleep . - l don 't wanna sleep , I just ... You just want Ray back . We all do . Get some rest. I 'll see you tomorrow , OK ? Ray ? The car 's registered to a Curtis Delario , local address . So far he 's been unreachable . It 's highly unlikely that wherever he is , he feels like picking up the phone . Muncie PD ran some calculations . Based on distance traveled and length of skid marks , the car was going at least 40 when it impacted the object , which , according to their math , would require something 4300 times the density of steel to cause this damage . Hm . It 's interesting , isn 't it ? I mean , in light of the evidence . From their size and shape , these look like men 's shoes . I hope you 're not suggesting that what this car hit was a man , because there 's no way . Well , these impressions in the asphalt look pretty fresh to me . I admit to the coincidence , but you know as well as I that if a man were here , he 'd be splattered , and there 's just no evidence of that . You 're right . Which is suspicious in and of itself . This car definitely hit something , and the only evidence that we have are these two prints . I hate to ruin your beautiful theory with ugly facts , but stop to examine the incident . If a man were standing here , the driver would have stopped . It looks like he tried to . If a man were in the middle of the road with a car coming , wouldn 't he try to move ? Unless he wanted to stop the car . Yes , but if nothing less than a block of steel could stop this car , then , ipso facto , it could not have been a man standing in the street last night . Or certainly no ordinary man . Just tell me what happened . Where is he ? Where ... ? Excuse me , ma 'am . John Doggett with the fbi . - You know about this ? - What happened ? Where is he ? - Curtis Delario , you know him ? - He was a friend of my husband 's . - They worked at the salvage yard . - l want you to calm down , Mrs ... ? Pearce . How am I supposed to calm down ? Finding this now , it ... - We 're not even sure he was driving the car . - He was . He came over after my husband 's funeral , then he left ... Agent Doggett . Meet Curtis Delario . I guess he won 't be much help clearing any of this up . I think I got some answers . So do l. lt wasn 't the crash that killed Curtis Delario . He was badly injured , but he was clearly still alive when his body was pulled through the car 's windshield . Pulled ? Yeah . These five deep puncture marks match five fingers of one hand . - You mean someone reached right in and ... ? - Like a bowling ball . - That seems humanly impossible . - Certainly for any ordinary man . From the evidence I 've gathered , the man that did this is actually less than ordinary . I was able to reconstruct a section of the windshield and lift a print from the glass . - Whose ? - Raymond Aloysius Pearce . Husband of Nora Pearce , woman I spoke with at the accident site . Her recently deceased husband . Well , if he was recently deceased , then it must have been an old print . Well , what you would think , except along with the print , there was evidence of fresh blood . And it belongs to Ray Pearce too . Mrs Pearce . Agent Doggett again . Sorry to bother you , but there are some things I need to go over . - Everything all right , Nora ? - He 's with the fbi . This is Harry Odell . He runs the salvage yard where Ray and Curt worked . May I come in ? Agent Doggett , I don 't understand . Before , you were talking about Curt . Now you wanna talk about Ray ? What was their relationship , Mrs Pearce , your husband and Curtis Delario - outside of work ? I know what their relationship is now . They 're both dead . Your husband 's medical record says that he died after a long , debilitating illness ? Gulf War syndrome . No one will cop to that , but I aim to prove it . Put the blame where it belongs . I 'm having trouble proving something myself , Mrs Pearce . You signed a form to have your husband cremated , but it appears it never happened . What do you mean ? They gave me the ashes . They were at the funeral . I can 't find a record of Ray 's body ever even being at the crematorium . Oh , for cryin ' out loud . Hasn 't this woman grieved enough ? Let me get to the point , Mrs Pearce . is it possible your husband is still alive ? Still alive ? - ls this ajoke ? - Because we have evidence to suggest that maybe your husband was involved in the death of Curtis Delario . Are you saying Ray faked his death ? We found Ray 's blood and fingerprints on Curt 's car . I watched him die . I nursed him when he was sick , when he couldn 't eat . What you 're saying is impossible . He couldn 't even walk or lift his head at the end . Ray Pearce worked for me nine years . He was a good man . He never raised a hand to anyone . Hey . How you doin ' ? Ray , right ? They said you 're new . Rough night ? You 're eating the tinfoil on the ... My name 's Larina. I help out around here . You might have some questions about how it all works . I don 't know. lt 's pretty basic . Look . I 've been down the road and back a few times and I just wanna say you 're not alone , Ray . I mean , I 've been where you 've been and sometimes it can help . You know ? Sometimes it 's good to just talk . Make a connection . You know what I 'm sayin ' , Ray ? So if there 's anything I can do for you , you know ... You can leave me alone . OK . God Almighty . Ray . It 's true . Oh , you got everybody wondering ' , man . And they 're lookin ' for you . They blame you for killing Curt . Now , me and Curt , we 're your friends . You can 't blame this on us . You gotta believe me , it wasn 't us . Well , I can show you . It 's right here , Ray. lt wasn 't me . This time you stay dead . Scully . Did you find anything to go along with those holes in Curt Delario 's head ? Paint on his hands and nails ? - Paint ? - Blue paint , specifically . Hang on . No. ls it significant ? I don 't know . But Harry was a busy boy last night . He must 've left Nora Pearce 's right after I saw him , right after he 'd learned that Ray Pearce might still be alive . To do what ? It 's pretty clear he was in his office shredding papers when he was surprised by someone . - And you think it was Ray ? - Well , somebody took a blast . There 's blood all over the doors , trailing down the stairs . - Massive blood loss . - But the man with the gun is dead . I saw guys take hits in the war that kept right on fighting , holding their insides in their hands . It 's not impossible . But to do this to a man 's head after taking two barrels of buckshot ... Or being hit by a car . I don 't see how a man could possibly do this . Well , maybe the question 's not how , but why . I mean , if Ray Pearce did indeed kill this man , what would be his reason ? I 'm not sure . but I know where to start lookin ' . Hello ? Ray ? Ray . You OK ? Somebody saw you come in with blood on you . I can see it on your clothes . Look , Ray . I know it never does anybody any good getting the cops involved , OK ? Look , I 've been there , man . I know what it 's like to feel dark and alone . I can get a doctor for you . Get out . Get out . OK . OK . They 're called " smart metals " . The idea is to one day build things that are indestructible . Cars , equipment , built of alloys with molecular memory . If damaged , they 'd rebuild into their original forms . All by themselves ? - That 's amazing . - And right now , a metallurgist 's pipe dream . But beside the point of your visit , I would imagine . Well , you tell me. I found a document at a crime scene listing Chamber Technologies . An employee number on the document was assigned to a Dr David Clifton . Dr Clifton 's no longer here . - What happened to him ? - He left the company . I 'm actually his successor in this department . Do you deal with a man named Harry Odell or a business called Southside Salvage ? No , I don 't deal with materials . Nor did Dr Clifton . Our work here is all theoretical . We have an environmental manager in charge of waste management , but disposal is done at TSD facilities , definitely not city salvage yards . - Thanks for your time , Doctor ... - Puvogel . German , no h . - You need me to spell it for you ? - No , no . That 's quite all right . Thanks . - Scully . - Hey. lt 's Agent Doggett . - l 'm at Chamber Technologies . - Did you find Dr Clifton ? He 's left the company , but his successor says his work was entirely conceptual . - Everything 's done on computers . - What kind of conceptual work ? Thing called smart metals . It 's pretty incredible . Metal alloys designed to rebuild themselves . I wonder . As it happens , Ray Pearce 's illness is pretty incredible , too . I 've reviewed Ray 's medical records from the VA . What his wife was calling Gulf War syndrome is nothing of the kind . His entire cellular makeup was affected by exposure to a non-identifiable contaminant . A metal . What are you sayin ' ? Ray Pearce has become some kind of metal man ? That only happens in the movies , Agent Scully . Does it , Agent Doggett ? Tell you what. I 'll press this guy here a little more on the issue . Maybe there 's a reason why he 's not being perfectly forthcoming . Police are seeking clues in last night 's bloody robbery and murder at Muncie 's Southside Salvage . Workmen found the body of 53-year-old Harry Odell outside his office at approximately 7 : 30 this morning . Detectives have refused to comment on the cause of death pending an autopsy , but sources close to the case describe this as a vicious and grisly attack . Robbery appears to be the motive behind this ... - Operator 525 . What city , please ? - Muncie . Number for a Raymond Pearce . - Sorry I 'm late . - lt 's all right . I just got the blood test back on Ray Pearce , and it was indeed the same Ray Pearce pronounced dead three days ago . But that 's not all . By all medical standards , he should still be dead . His blood has enough metal alloy in it to poison an elephant . Except that he 's still a man , and he 'll act and think like one even if he is more powerful than a locomotive . But then the question is , why kill his friends ? I mean , if he was wronged somehow , wouldn 't he go to them for solace ? - l mean , to his wife , at least ? - That 's why I was late . I asked myself that same question . Ray was an outpatient at the VA . He had a history of substance abuse . Did some time for a couple of DUls . - This was ten years ago . - Cleaned up his act . He met Nora and married her in ' 91 , checked into a rehab and got straight . This was a guy to root for , that overcame adversity and made a life for himself . - Until three days ago . - l 've busted a lot of killers , Agent Scully , and dollars for doughnuts , they fit a profile . But the Ray Pearce in this file is no murderer , let alone a guy that would hunt down his friends and crush their skulls . The man that we 're speaking about withstood impact from a speeding car , and two shotgun blasts at short range . Even if we can find him , who 's to say we can stop him ? - Make sure that door is secure . - Dr Puvogel , are you sure he can 't open that door from the inside ? I 've got a manual override on the door . What the hell was that ? Ray Pearce . The door is four inches thick . - l don 't think it 's gonna hold . - You 'd better hope it does , cos if it doesn 't , he 's coming after you , and I don 't know if we can stop him . Open it up . Get it open . There 's a rupture in the chamber . I don 't believe this . Agent Doggett . Look at this . You see this ? What is that ? is that blood ? Turning itself into metal . Get him out of the building . - l didn 't do anything to the man . - You wanna argue , or go someplace safe ? - Where 's that ? Where 's safe ? - lt 's not in here . My God . - lt 's true . - You shouldn 't have come , Nora . I shouldn 't have come ? That 's what you say to me ? I 'm your wife . I came here because you didn 't come to me . I had to have some stranger tell me . Why didn 't you come , Ray ? Because I 'm not me . I don 't care what 's happened . Whatever it is , it 's a miracle . Don 't go . - There 's your miracle . - Ray , let me help you . Please , let me help . They 've got to pay for this . They 've all got to pay . Oh my God . What 's going on ? It 's not enough that my life 's been threatened . - l 'm being treated like a criminal . - And not without cause . - Oh my God . - Do you recognize this man ? We 're assuming you don 't know too many guys in this particular condition . - lt 's not what it looks like . - ls this Dr David Clifton , your predecessor ? - Yes . - You care to explain how he ended up in a Chamber Technology hazardous waste barrel ? It was his idea. I was against it . If you knew , you might 've told me about this when I first came to see you . He was dying , and he was afraid . - Of what ? - That it would hinder progress , or halt it . - That it would finish us . - Oh , you 're finished . - One way or another , your work here is done . - We didn 't know this was gonna happen . We were just trying to push the envelope , do the right thing for the company . Then he got sick . He was working with an alloy with a genetic algorithm built into it . It converted electrical energy into mechanical . Gave it memory . And it poisoned him . We immediately shut down the project . But it was too late . He didn 't have any family . His work was his life . He wanted to leave us to continue working on the science . And to ship this barrel and body to Southside Salvage , where it infected somebody else . I don 't know how that happened , I swear to God . That barrel was supposed to go to a designated site . Let me talk to you for a second . I think he 's telling the truth . What the hell is she doing here ? - Who is it ? - Nora Pearce , Ray 's wife . Mrs Pearce ? What are you doin ' here ? How do you know about this place ? She was looking for something . Who 'd you call , Mrs Pearce ? Let 's check in here . Police . - You want us to take her in ? - l want to talk to her . Your husband just broke through a second-storey wall and eluded a dozen cops at St Clare House . That please you , Mrs Pearce ? Does it please you to know that he killed a woman volunteer named Larina Jackson ? That makes three people . Three people that he 's killed , and for what ? Because they made him what he is . They say this young woman he killed tonight had been concerned for him , concerned for Ray 's welfare . Whatever Ray is , whatever he 's become , it was an accident . - lt was not those people 's fault , Mrs Pearce . - Harry and Curt knew about it . No , they were innocent , just like Ray was . They didn 't know this was gonna happen . These people here knew . They got documents on it . Oh , so that 's what this is about ? This is about looking for somebody to blame ? Ray sent you here , didn 't he , to find that person , to get a name ? The Ray I know died . - The man responsible should pay for that . - So who is it ? It 's the CEO here ? The owner ? Give us a name , Mrs Pearce , before someone else has to die . I never gave him a name . Get her outta here . Put her on 24-hour watch . We 'll be right outside , ma 'am . Nora ? - They 're right outside , Ray . - Did you get me the name ? You killed her . The woman who called me . For God 's sake , Ray , why ? Why her ? She cared about you . I need the name . No one else needs to die , Ray . You won 't do it , not to me . I need the man 's name . - He 's in the house . - Go . Go . Tell the fbi agents it 's Harris . Ray made me give him the name . Owen Harris . Ray 's gonna kill him . No . Owen . No . No . - Daddy . - No . Owen Harris , don 't look away . - Look at me . - Why are you doing this ? Because you made me . - l don 't know what you 're talking about . - Southside Salvage . - l 'm just an accountant . - Daddy . Daddy . Ray Pearce . He came here to kill this man , but something stopped him , didn 't it ? This man , Owen Harris . He begged for his life . It mightjust have saved him . His attacker got up and ran away . Makes no sense . Pearce was a determined killer , lookin ' for someone to blame . Why stop here ? Wherever Ray Pearce went , the answer to that question went with him , but I can tell you why he came after Owen Harris . It was his name Nora found in the file . He authorized the shipment of hazardous materials to Southside Salvage . But if Harris is the guy Ray holds responsible , why 'd Ray let him live ? Well , I think that Nora Pearce may have been right . Her husband died , or at least his body did . Whatever killed those people was an abomination of a man . - lt was a machine . - A machine ? Come on . A machine doesn 't know blame , Agent Scully . Nor mercy . Unless what drove Ray to kill is also what saved those people . Some flicker of humanity . Visiontext Subtitles : Paul Murray US english
