 Can you help me ? I 'm looking for a woman ... Excuse me . Excuse me , I 'm looking for a Dana Scully . I 'm looking for Dana Scully . Is she a patient here ? Is there an admitting nurse here ? - Can somebody help me ? - You 'll have to calm down , sir . I will calm down when somebody gives me a reason to . I 'm looking for a patient . - Dana Scully . I heard you the first time . - Where is she ? - In the icu . - Where is that ? - Tell me who you are . - Where is she ? Agent Mulder . - Where are you going ? - lCU . - You move good for a dead man . - I 'm half dead . You got a lot to answer for , Agent Mulder . - You guys hold here . - Yes , sir . What happened to her ? She went into hypovolemic shock . She 's lost a lot of blood . Due to what ? She 's dying . - Let 's go . - Let go of me . - There 's nothing ... - Get off . Don 't do this . Don 't make me put you under arrest . I 'm somewhat at a loss here in going forward . This situation developing unexpectedly during a formal inquiry into your reported death , Agent Mulder - the fact of your being here today , very much alive , gives the effect of reshaping this investigation into something altogether different , as we are now put upon to verify the identity of this body found in your apartment and the circumstances which led to this . Care to enlighten us on these circumstances ? Are you suggesting I can ? Agent Mulder , we 're here informally to give you the chance to help yourself . Help myself how ? By allowing any facts or details which might serve to let us go forward with this inquiry in a more informed manner . - That helps you . How does that help me ? - Agent Mulder , this is going to become a murder investigation . Criminal charges are going to be made . We have only one other suspect . She may no longer be able to testify on her own behalf . Agent Scully lied to us . Why ? Who 's protecting whom , Agent Mulder ? Your choice is your own but your failure to answer will reflect poorly on the record . Are we finished , then ? Word of advice from a friend . Keep playing it the way you are . - Thanks , buddy . - Now you need all the help you can get . Should have mentioned that when you hauled my ass off . I saved your ass , Agent Mulder . I 've withheld forensic evidence about the body found on your floor . Until you showed up I was the one keeping your secret . I had no choice but to bring you in . Scully 'll verify all of that . That 's a good place to lay it considering her condition . You want me to lay it where it belongs , Agent Mulder ? Pathology turned up two gunshot wounds to the dead man , one fired point-blank through the left temple , the second a postmortem wound to the face to remove the man 's identity . Now , I 'd be happy to verify the ballistics on that first shot . How can you help me ? Tell me why Scully lied for you . The disease she has was given to her by somebody connected to the fbi . To a mole working here . Who ? I failed to find that out , sir . You don 't want to forget who your friends are , Agent Mulder , to remember who you can trust . What are the appropriate limits of human knowledge ? I don 't think there are any appropriate limits to human knowledge . As long as science is done openly and with free will , then I don ' t think there are any limits . - Senator Kennedy . - Dr Beaumont , you 've stated that the cloning of humans would be ill-considered and difficult to accomplish . Can you expand on what you see as the biggest technical obstacle to human cloning ? I trust you 've heard . Mulder is alive . As I said , he 's not to be underestimated . Yes , as you said . Though I hear he has you to thank in some part for his new freedom . Using a stolen id , Mulder was able to get into the Advanced Research Projects Facility . - And you allowed him to escape . - Yes . We 're too vulnerable . Our man in the fbi is exposed . What Mulder may have seen could expose our plans . What Mulder 's seen only serves us . Serves to insure our plans . Mulder is in trouble . He needs help . We can give it to him . In exchange for ... ? His new loyalty . To us . As I 've said all along , Mulder 's much more valuable to us alive . You can proceed now . What are you doing here ? I heard you were being moved out of icu and you were feeling better . - Somebody 's gonna see you . - It 's OK . I 'm officially among the undead . What happened ? I didn 't come here to talk about that . Mulder , don 't try and protect me . - I need to know . - There 's not much to talk about anyway . I 'm gonna testify everything I know in front of the fbi assembly . The conspiracy , the men behind it , what I believe is its purpose . - Did you find out who in the fbi is involved ? - No . But that doesn 't matter now . - Yes , it does . - Hey , Scully . How about those Yankees ? Mulder , Skinner has evidence against you . He knows you killed that man they found in your apartment . Yeah . Skinner is withholding it . Mulder , Skinner 's dirty . He 's not your friend . I 'm almost certain that he 's the man inside on this . - I don 't believe that . - If you testify he will use it to ruin you . No , not Skinner . He 's been in a position to know everything that we 've done over the past four years . But if I don 't testify now they 'll start to bury the truth . Well , then you have to lay it on me . You have to tell them I was the one who killed that man . I can 't do that . Yes , you can . Mulder , if I can save you , let me . Let me at least give some meaning to what 's happened to me . - Dana ? Hi , Fox . - Hi , Mrs Scully . - I hope I 'm not interrupting . - No , I was just on my way out . Hi , I 'm Fox Mulder . I don 't think we 've ever met . I 'm Bill Scully . I 'm sorry about your sister . - Mr Mulder ? - Yeah ? I know something about you . About what Dana 's been through with you . So let 's leave the work away from here , OK ? Let her die with dignity . Please tell me you 're here with severe chest pains . You should be glad for why I 'm here . To pay you some respect . - Go to hell . - For your cleverness and your resource . - What you 've managed to do for Scully . - What are you talking about ? Well , breaching the security at the Defense Department facility . - Finding a cure for her disease . - What I found was useless . On the contrary . It 's essential to her survival . If you like , we could step outside and I might explain myself . I 'm here tonight as a friend , Agent Mulder . He promised me that it 'd be in here . I 'll be damned . I never thought what the deionized water might be for . - Who knew we were looking for a microchip ? - This is a cure for cancer ? It may be for Scully 's . - How ? - Shortly after she was abducted she discovered a small metallic chip implanted subcutaneously in her neck . It was just a short time after she had it removed that she developed cancer . - It 's unreal . - Too freakin ' amazing . Watch your language , Frohike . Grab me some tweezers . Mr Kritschgau , thank you for being here and for cooperating with this investigation . We hope you can provide information that will allow us to make formal charges for the murder of Defense employee Scott Ostelhoff . Mr Kritschgau , we have learned that you were in contact with Agents Mulder and Scully just prior to this man 's death . That 's correct . And that you may have given them classified information . What motivated this ? My knowledge of government involvement in a conspiracy against the American people . Now , before we go into any specifics on that subject , I 'd like to ask you a more pointed question . Do you know who killed Scott Ostelhoff ? No , I don 't . Do you know of any connection between his death and Agents Mulder or Scully ? No . I 'm aware of one death in connection , though . My son , who died early this morning . Mr Kritschgau , you are employed by the Department of Defense . Is that correct ? Technically . Part of my remuneration has come from another source . A congressional lobbying firm . Something called Roush . Roush . Any idea what that is ? No , sir . This is crazy . In what sense ? In that it might save your sister 's life ? You 're not a doctor . You have no place even suggesting this science fiction . - It 's not science fiction . - He 's never heard of it . Bill . Have you ? No , I haven 't . I think there 's an obvious difference of opinion here . I think that everybody here has their heart in the right place . - But I need it to be my decision . - Dana ... I know you 're only looking out for me , Bill . But I don 't think you have all the facts . Shouldn 't you listen to your doctor ? Yes . I am . Would she have to stop the conventional treatment ? To be honest , at this point , the only approach I have left with her particular cancer is quite unconventional . I 'd like to try this . You really believe this crap , don 't you ? Yes , I do . See , she 's your big defender but I think the truth is , she just doesn 't want to disappoint you . If it works , I don 't care what you think she thinks . You 're a real piece of work . You know that ? Why ? Because I don 't think the way you think ? Because I won 't just sit passively back and watch the family tragedy unfold ? You 're the reason for it . And I 've already lost one sister to this quest you 're on . Now I 'm losing another . Has it been worth it ? To you , I mean . Have you found what you 've been looking for ? No . You know how that makes me feel ? In a way , I think I do . I lost someone very close to me . I lost a sister . I lost my father . All because of this thing I 'm looking for . These what ? Little green aliens ? Yeah . Little green aliens . You 're one sorry son of a bitch . Not a whole lot more to say . One sorry son of a bitch speaking . How 's our patient ? You did find the chip , didn 't you , Agent Mulder ? Yes . I can imagine there was some question as to its medical value . Well , there still is . And so I have yet to earn your trust , in spite of my gesture . You could say that , yeah . I have something else to offer you . I 've arranged a meeting I think you 'll want to attend , Mr Mulder . Tabasco . Cures anything . I 'll keep that in mind . You know him or something ? I think that 's my sister . Samantha ? I was afraid I 'd never see you again . He always told me something had happened to you that night . Who ? Who told you that ? My father . I never really knew what happened . I could never put the memories all back together . But as much as I tried to remember , I tried more to forget . - Why ? - I was eight years old and frightened to death , and they told me that I was an orphan . But you call that man your father . Some time later - I don 't know how long - my foster parents took me to a hotel room and said that I was gonna see my father . - But you knew who your father was . - I thought I knew . But he told me that it had all been a secret and that he and Mom hadn 't told anyone , to protect the family . - And you believe that ? - He was so kind to me . And he was the only one I could remember from before what happened . You don 't remember anything about that night ? I remember you . I remember something ... Men , and then nothing . I can help you . You were abducted , Samantha . I can help you to remember . I don 't want to , Fox . I don 't . Then why come here at all ? My father told me that he 'd found you and you wanted to see me very badly . That you 'd been looking for me for a long time . Is that true ? I 'm so sorry , Fox . And I wish that I 'd known how to find you . What you 've been told ... I want you to listen to me , OK ? What you 've been told by that man may not be true . Why do you say that ? Because the man that brought you here has known where I 've been for a very long time . I don 't understand . - Why wouldn 't he tell me ? - I don 't know . But I think he 's kept a lot of things from you . I don 't believe you . He 's been a good father to me . He 's given me a life and he cared for me when there was no one else . I want you to come with me . Come with me to see Mom . - Mom is alive ? - Yes . And I know she 'd like to see you very , very much . - I can 't . - Why not ? This is too much . I didn 't wanna come here at all , Fox . I was afraid to see you . - I have another life now . I have children . - No . Please don 't go . - I can 't stay here . - Tell me how I can find you . - I need some time . - Tell me where to find you . Please don 't , Fox . We will do this on your time . Then please let me go . I promise you I 'll think about it . You doing OK ? Either it 's my head or I 'm a long way from med school but I can 't remember what you 're injecting me with . Fluorodeoxyglucose . Deoxyglucose . If you 're making any progress I 'm hoping it might show up first in a PET scan . You 're not holding your breath , are you ? I 'm going after your cancer as aggressively as I know how , Dana . If I can jump-start your immune system , if I can get your cytolytic cells to recognize your tumor as something to attack , then there 's a chance . Have you ever witnessed a miracle , Dr Zuckerman ? I don 't know that I have . But I have seen people make recoveries , come back from so far gone I can 't explain it . Isn 't that a miracle ? Maybe they are miracles , but I don 't dare call them that . Thank you . My apologies for the rather hasty departure last night . - What do you want from me ? - Want from you ? You give me these things , the only things I ever wanted and I can 't think of any reason for you to do so . That 's true . No act is completely selfless . But I 've come today not to ask but to offer . To offer you the truth that you 've so desperately sought . About the project and about the men who 've conspired to protect it . I know the truth . - Do you ? - I spoke to one of your men . - You know he 's not lying ? - I 've seen enough to know he 's not . - You 've seen but scant pieces of the whole . - What more can you show me ? This man you spoke to , Michael Kritschgau ... He has deceived you with beautiful lies . He 's told you everything you believe about the existence of extraterrestrial life is untrue . And what are you saying ? As I said , I 'm offering you a chance to know the truth . - In exchange for what ? - Quit the fbi . Come work for me . I can make your problems go away . No deal . After all I 've given you . What have you given me ? A claim of a cure for Scully ? Is she cured ? You show me my sister only to take her back . - You 've given me nothing . - I intend to keep my promises . - I just need something from you . - You murdered my father . You killed Scully 's sister and if Scully dies I will kill you . I don 't care whose father you are . I will put you down . You 're certainly capable , so I 've been told . I understand you have a hearing tomorrow where you 'll have to testify to these murderous impulses of yours . When you reconsider , the offer still stands . Dana ? Dr Zuckerman called . He said that you wanted to see me . What is it ? I 'm so sorry . I fight and I fight and I fight but I 've been so stupid . What ? What is it ? I 've come so far in my life on simple faith . And now when I need it the most I just push it away . I mean , why do I wear this ? Why do I wear this , Mom ? I put something that I don 't even know or understand under the skin of my neck . I will subject myself to these crazy treatments and I keep telling myself that I 'm doing everything I can but it 's a lie . You have not lost your faith , Dana . But I have , in a way . When you asked Father McCue to dinner to minister to my faith I just closed off to him . What 's important now is that you save your energy . I 'm not getting better , Mom . You don 't know that yet . The PET scan showed no improvement . I know you 're afraid . I know you 're afraid to tell me but you have to tell someone . I 'll make a statement right here . Cloning will continue . The human mind will continue to inquire into this . Human cloning will take place and it 'll take place in my lifetime . I think it 's right and proper that we continue this kind of inquiry . I think there will be untold benefits for humankind in the future . Turn on your television . Are you watching the hearings ? Do you see who 's there ? He 's gathering information for who ? I just wanna make that statement . I came to ask a question . Our colleague was supposed to have fixed the fbi problem . He will fix it now . Do you understand me ? Then I will fix it for good . Agent Mulder , please take a seat . Something urgently important has come to the fore . As you 're set to testify on your own behalf later , I have received alarming forensic evidence from the body found in your apartment . I have in my hand ballistic data matching your service weapon , Agent Mulder . - Where did you get that ? - I 'm not at liberty to say . But unless you can offer up someone else who might have fired the kill shot everything points to you as this man 's murderer . Are you prepared to give testimony you 're not the man who fired the shot ? Why am I here ? The man worked for the Department of Defense . The man was spying on me . Do you know for whom ? Agent Scully was prepared to name the man at the fbi who was involved in this plot against you and her . We believe she was going to name Assistant Director Skinner , whom we have learned has been working inside the fbi with a secret agenda . I refuse to believe that . We 've accumulated substantial evidence against him . - Can you show it to me ? - Agent Mulder , if you name this man today in your testimony , we can file charges against him . Charges which may very well exonerate you . Name Skinner and save myself . That 's what I called you here to recommend , as a friend . I 'll see you at the hearing . Morning . What are you doing here ? You have a hearing . Yeah . I came by last night but I didn 't have the heart to wake you . Came by for what ? Mulder , what is it ? I was lost last night . But as I stood here I thought I 'd found my way . I 've been offered a deal that could save my life , in a way . Though I 'd refused the deal earlier , I left here last night with my mind made up to take it . A deal with who ? It doesn 't matter . I 'm not taking the deal . I 'm not taking any deal . Not after what happened this morning . What happened this morning ? Section Chief Blevins directed me to implicate Skinner . To name him as the man inside at the fbi who may have deceived us both . And if I name him they 'll protect me . Are you going to name him ? No . Then they 'll prosecute you . Yeah . They have evidence against me . They know I killed that man . Even with the ballistics evidence , I can still be ... Scully , I can 't let you take the blame . Because of your brother , because of your mother , and because I couldn 't live with it . To live the lie , you have to believe it , like these men who deceive us , who gave you this disease . We all have our faith and mine is in the truth . Then , why did you come here if you 'd already made up your mind ? Because I knew you 'd talk me out of it if I was making a mistake . You 'll be in my prayers . Have your father say a few Hail Mulders for me , OK ? If he 's a no-show I 'm gonna ask for a bench warrant . Sorry I 'm late . Agent Mulder , the members of this review panel first convened to address your reported death only to find shortly that this report had been a lie , that you were indeed very much alive and that the body found in your apartment , believed to be yours , was a murder victim , killed with a weapon issued by the fbi and registered to you . Respectfully , sir , I have come to set the record straight so that this process you 've begun can be completed and the guilty parties named . I 'd like to ask for a short break . I 'm ready to proceed , please , sir . Go on , Agent Mulder . Four years ago , while working on an assignment outside the fbi mainstream , I was paired with Special Agent Dana Scully , who I believed was sent to spy on me , to debunk my investigations into the paranormal . That she did not follow these orders is a testament to her integrity as an investigator , a scientist and a human being . She has paid dearly for this integrity . Agent Mulder , Agent Scully lied straight-faced to this panel about your death . She lied because I asked her to , because I had evidence of a conspiracy . - A conspiracy against the American people . - We 've heard testimony to these allegations . A conspiracy intended to destroy the lives of those who would reveal its true purpose : to conduct experiments on unwitting victims to further a secret agenda for someone within government operating at levels without restraint or responsibility , without morals or conscience , men who pretend to honor as they deceive , the price of this betrayal - the lives and reputations of those deceived . Agent Scully is lying in a hospital bed right now diagnosed with terminal cancer , a victim of these same tests , conducted without her knowledge or consent by these men who , as they try to cover their tracks , who suborn and persecute the people they 've used in their plot , I will now call by name . Agent Mulder , did you or did you not shoot the man found dead in your apartment ? I will answer that question . Did you shoot Scott Ostelhoff , employee of the Department of Defense ? I will answer that question , sir . Answer the question . - I will answer after I name the man . - Agent Mulder . I will answer that question after I name the man who is responsible for Agent Scully , the man who directed that my apartment be surveilled by the DOD , a man I want to see prosecuted for his crimes , who is sitting in this very room . The section chief has asked you a question . You are going to answer . - I can 't do that , sir . - You can and you will . I can 't do that , sir , because the section chief is the man I 'm about to name . The Smoking Man is dead . - How ? - Shot through his window . Forensics found it at the scene . - We 're assuming it 's his blood . - Assuming ? No body was found , though there was too much blood loss for anyone to have survived . This afternoon when you named Blevins , how did you know ? - I didn 't . I just guessed . - That 's a hell of a guess . Blevins had been paid for four years by a biotechnology company called Roush , which is somehow connected to all this . I 'm sure whatever connections there were are being erased . They 're cleaning up , taking everything away . Not everything . Scully 's cancer 's gone into remission . That 's unbelievable news . - It 's the best news I could have ever heard . - What turned it around ? I don 't know . I don 't think we 'll ever know . - Can I see her ? - Yeah . She 's with her family . But I 'm sure she 'd love to see you . Visiontext Subtitles : Abigail Smith US english
