 Bogey at 12 o 'clock . Gotcha . I have engagement of unidentified flying object on Banning Ranch Road , westbound , moving like a bat out of hell . 90-degree lower altitude . Max G redirect . Absolutely impossible . You idiot . Oh , this is not happening . This is not happening . Shoot . Hey . Hey . I come in peace . This is not happening . - Hi . - Hi . You said you 'd received something urgent . You 're right , I did. I think it 's important you got right down here , Agent Scully . Thanks . Are you gonna tell me what it is ? I passed it on to AD Skinner . I 'd like for him to tell you . - Here they are . - Shall I ask Scully about her travel plans ? No . She 'll be flying with us . What ? What is it ? Let 's go into my office . All right , what 's going on here ? A report came in last night from Montana about a UFO encounter . What kind of encounter ? A young man chased a bright object flying low across the sky . Tracked it all the way to a big field where the UFO disappeared , but where he claimed he saw an alien . Assistant Director , I 've got drawers full of reports that begin just like that . What 's so important about this case ? Young man 's named Richie Szalay . UFO nut from Bellefleur , Oregon ? You and Agent Mulder met him out there last spring . Are you trying to tell me this has something to do with Mulder ? He 's trying to tell you that it might . Richie Szalay didn 't find an alien last night . He found a woman . A woman whose name you will remember - Teresa Hoese . Teresa Hoese was the young mother who was abducted the night before Agent Mulder . And who was returned last night . Returned ? Hanging onto life by a thread . - Who is Mr Skinner ? - l 'm Skinner . You Dr Desai ? I was just told you flew out here all the way from Washington DC . - We 're here to see Teresa Hoese . - l know . I wish someone would tell me these things . She is in no condition ... - What is her condition ? - She 's circling the drain . 12 years , I have never seen anything near this level of mistreatment . It 's important we see the victim and talk to her if we can about what happened . Just promise me , whoever did this , you guys will do everything in your power to catch them . By rights , this young woman shouldn 't even be alive . The medics said she asked for her baby last night , but she hasn 't said a word otherwise . I suspect it 's all she 's holding on to . What 's upsetting is it 's almost like someone was experimenting on her . What exactly did they do to her ? Inside her cheeks there 's tissue damage in a linear pattern . Her chest was cut into and organ tissue in her abdomen scooped away . In the x-rays I see damage to the soft palate . In the x-rays did you see anything else - foreign objects ? - l 'm not sure what you mean . - Little pieces of metal . - lmplants . - No , I didn 't . Agent Doggett requested a police report ? You 're welcome to stay here and discuss foreign objects but looks like we got a suspect . US pilots patrolling Germany ... - Richie Szalay ? - Yeah ? .. describing highly maneuverable balls of light which they referred to as " foo fighters . " - Richie ? - Yeah . John Doggett , fbi agent . This is Agent Scully , Assistant Director Skinner , our boss . - You mind if we come in ? - Dude , you 're already in . I know you . - Do I know you ? - You do , Richie . From Oregon . We met late last spring , you remember ? Richie , if you live in Oregon , what are you doing in Montana ? My buddy , Gary , right ? He was abducted . Right before your partner . I came looking for him . So , you just came out here on a lark ? No , I was following the news . - The news ? - All that 's in the last two weeks . I go on these Internet chat rooms to talk about sightings and junk . After Oregon there wasn 't a whole lot , but then all of a sudden in Montana ... I never ... I never thought I 'd find Mrs Hoese like that . Not in a million years . When you found her , you said you saw somebody with her - an alien . You know what a moulage casting is , Richie ? Cops take them when they find shoe prints . They do plaster castings . The ones they got from the field that night were from 91 / 2 Nikes . - An alien in Nikes ? - Doesn 't mean it wasn 't . Did it occur to you that it wasn 't an alien but a man ? Then what about his spaceship ? Agent Doggett ? - What was that in there ? - Pressing a witness to get to the truth . You refuse to believe that anything other than a man could have done this . Done what we saw to that woman in the hospital . It 's not worth arguing about . The point here is to find Mulder . For months we 've been looking for a break , which is what we 've got here . What we 've got is hope . But let 's be honest , Agent Scully , about what , no one wants to say . Bad as you want to find Mulder , you 're afraid to find him , too . What if he 's dead ? I 'm sorry . I just had a bad dream . Let me get some clothes on . I once had a talk with Mulder about starlight . How it 's billions of years old . Stars that are now long dead whose light is still traveling through time . It won 't die , that light . Maybe that 's the only thing that never does . He said that 's where souls reside . I hope he 's right . If you 're trying to prepare yourself , I want you to stop . Nothing says that we 're gonna stumble over him in some field . Nothing says he won 't be fine . May I help you , sir ? Yes , I want to have a patient transferred . - Teresa Hoese . - To be transferred ? To another facility . I 'd like to get her ready as soon as we can . OK . Yeah ? Hold on . Who took her ? Has anybody talked to the doctor and asked him why , or where ? Where 's Agent Doggett now ? - Did you find her ? - No . No ? I don 't understand . You called us all the way out here . - To get another point of view . - Another point of view ? - We have a patient missing . - You should just hear her out . Hear who out ? Her name 's Monica Reyes . I worked a case with her once . - She 's fbi ? - Yeah . She 's got some expertise we might take advantage of . - ln what ? - She 's got her master 's in religious studies . - Her specialization is ritualistic crime . - Ritualistic crime ? Are we working the same case here ? Agent Reyes . Assistant Director Skinner , Agent Scully . Monica Reyes . Hi . Beautiful country out here . I know it 's not very fbi of me , but I 'm really trying to quit . Agent Doggett 's taken me through the case. interesting . - Interesting ? - What do you think happened ? - lsn 't that what you 're here to tell us ? - l have my own thoughts . What we think happened and what happened aren 't always the same . - But not altogether insignificant . - l 'm sorry , this feels like therapy . What happened is different from what we want to have happened . What who wants to have happened ? Well , I 'm told this case involves you . It may involve someone close to me . Can we stick to the facts , please ? It 's clear the woman found out here did not inflict her own injuries , that she was dropped here by someone , and whoever it was cared about her enough not to kill her . Did you happen to know the peculiar nature of her injuries ? Yes , they were peculiar , but not very different from your typical cult ritualistic abuse . Agent Reyes , we 're dealing with abductions here , not by any cult . OK . Good. I mean , if it 's not . But you think that it is ? Well , I go on what I know , of course , but I try to stay , you know , open . What do you think happened ? I 'm told Agent Mulder and the others who were taken were true believers , convinced in the abduction phenomenon . If this is about staging their own abductions ... No , it 's about people coming together . Like minds , as a group . So you 're basically saying that Mulder has joined some sort of UFO cult ? - Call it a group . - For what ? We all know the stories about transport to a mother ship , the idea of a giant mother wheel , the whole Heaven 's Gate thing . - l see . - lt 'd make sense . The leader of the cult leaves this woman out here to die . Learning she 's alive , he comes back to kidnap her again for fear of exposure . It 'd make sense , too , that if we find this guy , maybe we find Mulder . Are you asking me to believe this ? No , that 's not what I said . I don 't think he left her to die . - l don 't think she 's dead . - Based on what ? Nothing , really. lt 's just a feeling . Why are you walking away ? It makes some kind of sense . I 'm glad you agree with her because I 'm not even sure she agrees with you . Nor has she made sense of how the doctor who removed Teresa from the hospital seems to have been in two places at once . I know where you 're going with this . But if you tell me this is another alien bounty hunter , this is where we part company . Enjoy your new company . How is she ? We were almost too late . Hi . I thought you 'd be out combing the hills with Agent Doggett . I 'm on my way out to see him. I just wanted to see film on Teresa Hoese 's injuries . is there something you 're looking for , Agent Reyes , in particular ? Implants , or signs of them . Implants ? I don 't understand . Metallic implants , placed in the body , oftentimes in the nasal cavity , sometimes made of bone or cartilage , making detection difficult . - Yeah , I 'm well aware of how they work . - You said you didn 't understand . I don 't understand your interest in evidence of alien abduction as a disbeliever . I 'm not a disbeliever . Excuse me , I 'm very confused . I know what I heard . I heard you say that what we 're dealing with is nothing more than a UFO cult . There 's the confusion . I still believe that . But it doesn 't mean I don 't believe in the phenomena . You believe in extraterrestrials ? Let 's just say I don 't not believe . As I said , I try to stay open . What is it you specialize in again ? Ritualistic crime ? Right . Satanic ritual abuse . Or , I should say , claims of it . We 've never found any evidence . We should talk sometime . Not that I don 't believe in it . I was something of a black sheep in the field office in New Orleans because of my beliefs . And what beliefs are those ? I just have certain spiritual notions . I believe there are energies in the universe . It might sound kind of cosmic , but I think I 'm sensitive to them . I mean , I get these feelings . And do you have any feelings about Agent Mulder ? I don 't know Agent Mulder , and I don 't have any feelings about him . But I am feeling your fear . And fear 's not gonna help you find him , or anyone else . Maybe you can try and stay open , too . No frickin ' way . Two , three , up . Stop there . I 'm a federal agent . Examination of victim Gary Edward Cory reveals cuts and abrasions from ligature or binding devices , accompanied by distal and proximal bruising radiating in a symmetrical pattern around the ankles , the wrists , and the face . Oh , my God . Gary . You can go now , Richie . They just need you to sign a form . Dana . I 'm OK . There 's work to do here . You 're hurting for her , I know . Agent Scully . I don 't know how she 's doin ' it in there . With everything she 's feelin ' . What she 's afraid of . You know all too well . Let 's leave the past in the past . It was your fear , too . Those three days we looked for your son . The fear of finding what we did . I understand . It 's why you 're so determined to find Mulder alive . It 's why I can 't stand here and listen to all this mumbo jumbo about spaceships . I saw what I saw , John . I 'm not gonna lie to you . But whatever it was , it led to this . That 's the man I saw in the field . He goes by the name Absalom . A religious zealot who escaped a shoot-out in Idaho , where he was the leader of a doomsday cult who believed aliens would take over the world at the millennium . Disgraced when they didn 't , he fled , then tried a more ecumenical scam - credit-card fraud . I ran the plate on the pickup truck . It 's registered to a farm about an hour from here . - Get everyone inside . - What ? What is it ? They 're coming . Who ? Who 's coming ? You can 't let them find him . Federal agents . Nobody move . - Hands on your heads . - fbi . Please remain calm . We have a search warrant . You are surrounded by law officers who are armed and prepared to shoot if necessary . Stop there . Hands on your head . Turn around so I can see you . Move . Go on . Move . On the ground now . fbi . Don 't move . Please don 't panic . You are in no danger if you stay calm and where we can see you . Teresa ? Agent Scully . You 'd better get AD Skinner in to see this . And Agent Doggett . I said I can 't explain why it happens , or how . Only where . We got 46 of your followers rounded up out there at your compound . You make me go to them for a straight answer , it 'll only make it worse for you . - How many times can I tell you ? - lt 's early . The coffee 's hot . The ships come in , drop the abductees , all messed up . I go and get them so I can help them . Just like you helped Teresa Hoese when you left her for dead ? Agent Doggett . You say that these abductees are returned with severe injuries . But that doesn 't fit the pattern of any alien-abduction model . That 's what I 'm trying to explain . I predicted there would be an alien invasion at the millennium . I was right , it turns out . Cos that 's when this all started . Sir , given the criminal charges against you , you couldn 't be a less credible witness . So stop trying to validate your theories and just give us the truth . I am telling you the truth . I only want to help these people . So , these video cameras that you have around your compound , how do they help ? Abductees live in fear of being taken again . The cameras give them a sense of security . Or makes them afraid to leave . Do you have video tape of how you happened to heal Teresa Hoese ? No . I asked you to give me the truth . Do you have video tape of this man ? He 's hiding something . Yeah , that 's for sure . Agent Scully ? What ? What is it ? I saw him . I saw something . I reviewed the tapes . There are some things here I want you all to see . - They 've got a body in there . - Who is it ? - You can 't tell from this angle . - Then where 's another angle ? This is the only angle I could find . Wait a minute . Stop it . That man . I know that man . Good , because here he is again . - Who is he ? - His name is Jeremiah Smith . Agent Mulder knew him . He believed he had the ability to heal people . What do you mean , heal people ? Like he did Teresa Hoese . Well , whoever he is , take a look at this . - What the hell just happened ? - That 's what I 'd like to know . Wow . That 's still Jeremiah Smith . The hell it was . That 's me . I never went in that building . Exactly . We have to get back out there . Halt. identify yourself . We 're looking for someone . A man who may be one of the detainees . We need some bodies out here to help search the woods . fbi . Where is he ? Jeremiah Smith . Look , I know he 's here . Jeremiah Smith. I need to speak with him . You , in the back . Step out . Come with me . Take a seat . Are you Jeremiah Smith ? - No , I ... - Did you heal these people ? - No . - Did you heal Teresa Hoese ? Look , I know who you are . Agent Scully . I 'll be right outside . You 're going to expose me . You 're putting people in danger , abductees all over the country . I save them. I 'm the only one . - Where 's Mulder ? - You came crashing in here . - l was trying to help him , too . - Where is Mulder ? You 'd better come with us . You must protect me . What is it ? It 's Mulder . Where is he ? - Agent Scully , he 's over there . - How bad is he ? How bad is he hurt ? No . No . No . No . - He needs help . - lt 's too late . Agent Scully . Jeremiah ? No . This is not happening . No . Visiontext Subtitles : David Van-Cauter US english
