 Hurry up ! Next time , maybe take a leak before we leave work , OK , dipwads ? Can you read sign language , guy ? Is that your IQ or the number of dipwads your mother had ? Not you too , Sandy . Sorry , man . You gotta hold it till you get home . I 'II see you tomorrow , Sandy . Hey , Sandy , chop-chop ! Hey , Sandman ? Hey ! Hot dog , come on . Carpe diem . By restoring moisture to the documents , and by a reassembling of fragments , I can recover a Iarge percentage of the case material that was destroyed in my office fire several months ago . While this process is tedious , what I 've already recovered will allow Agent Scully and I to begin work on the X-Files immediately . Agent Mulder ... Agent Mulder , I 'm reading here a very pie-in-the-sky report about global domination plans by vicious Iong-clawed spacelings . Is there going to be data to back this vague omnibus account ? Yes . I see your renowned arrogance has been left quite intact . You 're asking us to accept this report of a spaceship buried under polar ice and your death-defying escape from it ? The ice became superheated by the ship as it rose beneath us , causing it to collapse . This story is unintelligible and encourages unintelligible analysis . I hoped you 'd look closely at the reports of mine and Scully 's medical conditions . These spacelings , Agent Mulder . They weren 't something I saw in Men in Black ? - I didn 't see Men in Black . - Well , it 's a damn good movie . This may sound like science fiction , but we can and will prove the validity of our report . So the plot ... I 'm just trying to get this straight . The plot is for these spacelings to take over the planet , aided by a group of men on Earth ... A conspiracy within our own government . .. who are growing corn in the desert , which features pollen , which was genetically altered to hold a virus , which will be taken away by bees whose sting transmits the virus , causing the growth of an extraterrestrial biological entity inside the human host ? Which we will prove now that the X-Files have been reopened . Your presumption , Agent Mulder , is far greater than the case you make . I don 't understand . You justify your reassignment on the X-Files with little more than a rattletrap account of high adventure in the Antarctic . Not to mention some questionable travel expenses . Let us remind you that the FBI is not a school for science or for the grinding of personal axes . Hopefully , you can present us with some material evidence to support an investigation . Agent Scully was assigned to the X-Files as a scientist , was stung by a bee , and was infected with this virus . She is here today with hard and incontrovertible evidence . Scientific proof that the virus she was infected with is in fact extraterrestrial . Next time I 'II wear a clown suit and do tricks . I hoped it wouldn 't come up . I was there because you assured me there was a scientific basis for what we saw . Let me remind you once again that what I saw was very little . That excuse is not gonna work . You were there and you were infected with that virus . Yes , there is a scientific basis for what happened to me . I was exposed to a virus . But as it turns out , Mulder , that virus is not what you thought . Look , I can 't identify it , Mulder . I have run three separate tests . But I can tell you that that virus 's DNA and proteins are very much of this world . I saw what that virus did . I saw it generate a new being . An alien being inside a human body . It attacks and destroys human cells , but that is all it does , Mulder . It creates nothing . Look , I don 't like telling you this . And I know that you don 't wanna hear it . You can question me and what I saw , but what you can 't question is the science . There was sloppiness in Phoenix where they found the body . The local PD got involved . These were taken at the scene by a crime reporter . These were run in the press ? I trumped up a story about a crazy Indian on the loose . Never underestimate the public 's willingness to blame the red man for what they can 't explain . - How did this happen ? - He was one of ours . He must 've accidentally injected himself while he was working . It took just 12 hours for the creature to gestate . - This thing 's alive ? - Yes . - It 's killed a man . - It 's out there somewhere ? As far as I know . Lord almighty ! We can 't have this thing running loose . I 'm managing the situation . - Someone 's gotta find this thing . - Someone has to kill it . The response must be equal to the threat . Can you dispose of this problem ? Yes . Wasting your time . You need evidence . I 've just got to bring it back from the ashes . Nothing you might restore is gonna help you , Agent Mulder . It 's over and done . Your reassignment has been denied . How can it be denied ? We 're the only reason the X-Files were reopened in the first place . - I 'm not arguing with you . - Well , who is ? When will you accept that no amount of reason will bring to heel a conspiracy whose members walk these halls with impunity ? Was there a vote ? Unanimous against . Excuse me . I 'm no help to you outside the majority , Mulder . I don 't see that there 's a damn thing you can do for me . I don 't see that there 's a damn thing you can do for me . You can break their backs with proof about this virus . - Proof that what you say it does is true . - I don 't have that proof yet . Maybe I can give it to you . There 's a file folder . It 's on the desk in your old office . Is that something for me ? Agent Mulder ? - Yeah , if you 're doing my filing . - Your filing ? Why are you in my office , Agent Spender ? I think there 's been a miscommunication . I think someone failed to inform you . If you 're saying you were sent to work on the X-Files , the failure is simple judgment . I don 't care what patronage got you this job . I put my Iife in here . I 'm not gonna let some brown-nose take it all away from me . I don 't believe in the paranormal mumbo jumbo , - so don 't presume I 'm taking your place . - No ? Who is ? - Fox . - Diana . Back on your feet . I guess that 's the only way you can stab me in the back . I need the patient bandaged and dressed . We 'II be taking a trip . You want him what ? I 'm sure I don 't need to repeat myself . please get the boy ready . - But doing that now could kill him . - Let me put it to you simply . It 's him or it 's us . I wanna remind you that by not informing local PD we are in technical violation of state laws prohibiting contamination of a crime scene . Why do I bother ? Scully , come here and take a look at this . Ever seen anything like this ? - What are they ? - According to the investigator 's notes , they 're from an attack by a Native American man on a scientist . - With what kind of weapon ? - It says in the file he used his bare hands . His bare hands ? - This is hardwood . - Uh-huh . This kind of gouging didn 't happen with anybody 's bare hands . Not without the use of some kind of an implement . What is that ? Somebody broke a nail . - Is it animal ? - It ain 't RuPaul . The body of the other victim was found on the sofa , his viscera torn from his torso . The ME 's report says the times of death were hours apart , which means that this victim was dead hours before the second attack . - So the attacker never left . - It wasn 't an attack . I think it was celebrating its birthday . The first victim was infected with the virus . Right here is where the creature was born . - Mulder ... - It accounts for the violence to his torso . The virus producing an extraterrestrial entity that ripped away his chest as it birthed itself right here . Look . Given that scenario , the rate of gestation would have been less than a day . It would 've been about 12 hours . OK , forgive the scientific argument . But you 're saying that this was done by something newborn ? That 's exactly what I 'm saying . It was here . But it 's gone now . - I should take a look . - It 's not here . Why don 't you believe me when you 're so afraid of me ? I 'm not afraid . You think I can destroy you for what I know , ' cause of what I am . You 're thinking you could 've destroyed me , too . And if I don 't find this creature , you will . He 'II find it . I don 't see there 's any argument here . You admit yourself the crime report is a lie . Mulder , that doesn 't mean that I can just accept your theory . What does it take ? For this thing to bite you on the ass ? I saw these creatures . I saw them burst to life . You would have seen them too , but you were passed out over my shoulder . Mulder , I know what you did . I know what happened to me . But without ignoring the science , I can 't ... Listen , Mulder . You told me that my science kept you honest , that it made you question your assumptions , that by it I 'd made you a whole person . If I change now , it wouldn 't be right or honest . I 'm talking about extraterrestrial life alive on this planet in our lifetime . Forces that dwarf and precede all human history . I 'm sorry , Scully , but this time your science is wrong . Wake up , Homer . I was awake . I was awake . - I was just thinking . - Yeah , that 'd be a first . You 're late on your systems check . If there was a problem , we woulda heard about it . Like Arizona 's gonna go without air conditioning for ten minutes . Hey , Homer . Got something here in the bleed cooling system . See that ? - Five degrees off . - Might be in the core reactor . Nah , nah , nah . It 's gotta be a monitoring glitch . Phone could start ringing any minute . You might wanna check it out . AII right . I want this place sealed off . Authorized officers only . This is a closed area . - What happened ? - You 'II have to leave . We had a call that a man was killed . A call from whom ? Assistant Director Skinner ? - Let us through . - You are unauthorized to be here . You 've come here without cause or permission . I 'm gonna get you censured and demand a review of AD Skinner 's actions . Diana , Iet us in here . I can 't . This facility has been sealed off by the NRC . A man was murdered . He was killed in an accident in a reactor where there was a systems failure . Why are you here ? Because of a possible connection to two previous deaths from a case file that was stolen from our office . - There is a connection . - Let 's get outta here , Mulder . I hope you know what you 're doing , Diana . I hope you know whose errands you 're running . I think I do . We weren 't getting anywhere . It was making it worse . It 's here , Scully , and they know it . How do they know ? Mulder , how do you know ? Give me the keys and get in the car . Oh , my God . Gibson . Sorry , sweetie . Gibson ? Gibson ? Gibson , sweetheart ? Oh , God . Frankenstein ? Really ? No . No , you 've been worked on by some good doctors . They did a fine job of your stitches . You think they were butchers . They were butchers . They should 've changed your bandages , Gibson . You 've got some swelling and some infection . And you 've got a fever . - Why did they do this to you ? - ' Cause I can read people 's minds . - How did you get in our car ? - When they weren 't looking , I snuck away . It 's easy when you know what they 're thinking . Why are you here ? They were using me , 'cause I can communicate with it . Communicate with what ? You already know . You just don 't wanna believe it . The kid could find this thing . - Mulder , he belongs in a hospital . - We could get his fever down . Mulder , you can 't just take him on some snipe hunt . He belongs in a bed under constant medical care . Listen to me . What I 'm saying is in your best interest , OK ? We have to take every precaution to ensure that nothing happens to this boy , because , whatever he is , whatever gives him the ability to do what he does , he 's your scientific evidence . It 's just like we said . - He could be the key to all the X-Files . - We don 't have the X-Files . No . But what if he could corroborate everything that you 're saying ? This boy could be our last best chance . Agent Mulder ? Fox , I 'm going to get out of the car . I 'm alone , all right ? - What are you doing here ? - I couldn 't say anything to you earlier . I was given this assignment , Fox , OK ? They offered it to me . I took the chance . I 'm listening . To make sure someone served your interests , someone who believes in the work . Hey , you and I found the X-Files together . Don 't forget that . - Who sent you ? - I 'm here on my own . - Why ? To convince me of your intentions ? - Listen to me . That thing is inside the No.4 reactor building . We can let them find it and destroy it , or go find it ourselves . You need proof , Fox . You 're so close . Why can 't you see that ? Mulder , what 's going on ? - You take Gibson . - Where are you going ? To find this thing . Agent Spender and I got a call . We were on a plane within an hour in constant contact . - With who ? - The nuclear regulatory people . NRC was first on the scene . They found the victim . When we got there , it had been removed . We never saw the body . - Who removed it ? - I don 't know . Couldn 't get a straight answer . Then the NRC sealed off the No.4 reactor due to a problem with the heat transfer systems . I believe that was legitimate . Maybe that 's why it 's there . It wants heat . It needs heat . This thing gestated abnormally fast . What if heat activates it ? It could spur on the virus and the development of the entity . - But it 's still seeking heat . Why ? - What if it 's still developing ? You don 't think what we 're looking for makes sense in any conventional way ? No . You 're gonna be fine , Gibson . You 're gonna be OK . Let 's get a bed ready . - You 're gonna run more tests . - We 're gonna get you well . You say that , but you 're gonna run more tests , Iike the other doctors . We have to run this one test , Gibson . You wanna make me well , but you 're thinking about yourself and what you can learn from me . You 're a very special boy , Gibson . You know that yourself . I 'm a very special lab rat . According to what we could gather , the victim 's body was found near here . - It 's hot in here . - We 're right above the core reactor . This is part of the heat transfer cooling system . - Looks organic . - Maybe somebody 's got the flu . What ? What is it ? There 's something in there . Yeah ? Mulder , I found something you 're not gonna believe . Ditto . We did blood tests on Gibson . Mulder , there 's evidence of the virus in his system . - The same virus you were exposed to ? - I 'm almost positive . What does that mean ? I don 't know , but I think we 're onto something . - We 're onto something huge , a link . - I 'II call that bet and raise you . - What ? - Never mind . Just take care of Gibson . There was a Iittle boy in that room and he 's gone . Does anybody know what happened to that little boy ? His name is Gibson Praise ! He was just in that room ! Does anybody know what the hell is going on ? Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Let 's just calm down . - That little boy I brought in is missing . - He can 't be . He should be in his bed . He 's not here ! - He 's here . - Where ? Somewhere . Open the door , you son of a bitch ! Open the door , damn it ! Open it ! Open the door , you ... Fox ! I 'm gonna go see if there 's some other way in ! Open it ! Open this door ! I told you it was here . Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! As I said , and as I am forced to reiterate , Agent Mulder , the FBI is not here for vendettas or for the grinding of personal axes . This holds not just for you , but for everyone at the Bureau . You force us to put a point on this , to make some hard changes . You and Agent Scully will cease all material association with the X-Files . Refusal to do so will end in immediate dismissal . A probationary period will be set . You will now report to Assistant Director Kersh . You 're not supposed to come here . It 's what was agreed to . It 's the deal you made . I had to congratulate you , commend how you handled things . I had to congratulate you , commend how you handled things . How you handled Mulder . I did what I was asked . You did well , son . He 's on very thin ice now , you know . Mulder will be back . As long as he lives , he won 't give up . Well , there are solutions , of course . Simple but extreme solutions . I 've used these methods . They have their place . But not here . You 've killed men . You can kill a man . But you can 't kill what he stands for . Not unless you first break his spirit . That 's a beautiful thing to see . If you shut the door , it 'd be harder to see that I 'm disregarding everything I was told . Everything we were told , Mulder . They can 't take away the X-Files , Scully . They tried . You know , Agent Fowley 's report to OPR painted the facts in an interesting way . I hope you weren 't betrayed . Agent Fowley 's report was a means to an end : trying to protect the work , protect the X-Files . Agent Fowley 's report states that the man you saw attacked was bludgeoned by an unknown subject . She makes no mention of a Iittle boy who is nowhere to be found . It would seem that her report protects everything but you . Agent Fowley took me to that plant at great risk to herself , where I saw something that you refuse to believe in . Saw it again . And though it may not say it in her report , Diana saw it , too . She 's certainly not gonna go around saying that just because science can 't prove it , it isn 't true . I don 't doubt what you saw , Mulder . I don 't doubt you . I 'm willing to believe , but not in a lie and not in the opposite of what I can prove . It comes down to a matter of trust . I guess it always has . - You 're asking me to make a choice ? - I 'm asking you to trust my judgment . To trust me . I can 't accept that if it refutes what I know to be true . Mulder , these are test results . DNA from the claw nail we found , matching exactly the DNA from the virus you believe is extraterrestrial . That 's the connection . Which matches exactly DNA that was found in Gibson Praise . I don 't understand . You 're saying that Gibson is infected with the virus ? No . It 's a part of his DNA . In fact , it 's a part of all of our DNA . It 's called a genetic remnant . It 's inactive junk DNA , except in Gibson it 's turned on . So if that were true , that would mean that Gibson is in some part extraterrestrial . It would mean that all of us are . Visiontext Subtitles : Yasmin Rammohan US ENGLISH
