 Radio check . Perimeter is clear . Copy that . Give me a check every ten . Why don 't you folks make yourselves comfortable ? Watch some television . Get some rest . Try to put your minds at ease . Just try to stay away from the windows and doors , if you would . Do we have to ask you to use the bathroom ? I feel like I 'm a prisoner in my own home . Ma 'am , I apologize for the imposition , but my job is to protect you . As of this evening , the fbi 's top priority is keeping you safe . For how long ? A week ? A month ? Then what ? Jim , don 't do this , please . You don 't have to testify . It 's not worth it . These people have a long reach . They 're powerful . I have to do this . I 'm going to bed . Thank you . The Grand Jury convenes at 9 . We 'll leave at 7.30 . I 'll be right outside the door if you need me . Jim ? Are you feeling all right ? Jim ? Mr Skinner . Jim ? - Dr Scobie ? - Jim . Yes , at the time , I was in another part of the house . Yes , sir . Yes , sir , I will have answers for you , I ... I ... - Rough night ? - lt 's shaping up to be a rougher morning . Follow me . There 's fingerprints everywhere , but they all belong to the deceased and his wife . - The body was found here ? - Yeah . - What can you tell us about him ? - Dr James Scobie , age 44 . RD biochemist with Morley Tobacco . If he were alive as of 26 minutes ago , he 'd be giving testimony against his former employer before a federal grand jury . - Testimony concerning what ? - Not even his wife or lawyer know specifics . Only that it concerns research he was involved in , potentially damaging to Morley . Enough so that Scobie received death threats . Given the high-profile case , the director charged me with ensuring Dr Scobie 's protection . - You think someone acted on these threats ? - l do . Though we 've yet to determine how someone got in here , or what killed him . Can 't blow the whistle with a mouth like that . It 's almost as if his flesh has been stripped or eaten away . I mean , an assailant could have thrown acid on him . If it was acid in the face , he would have screamed . We 're looking at all possibilities , Agent . We don 't have much time . We 're up against one of the biggest corporations in America . The director instructed me that he wants this case closed as swiftly as possible . I trust I can count on your help . I want you to perform the autopsy . The body 's in the county morgue . - l 'll get right on it . - Thank you . - What ? - There 's no ashtrays . Dr Scobie and his wife don 't smoke ? - Not that I 've seen . - A tobacco employee that doesn 't smoke . Isn 't that kind of like a GM executive who drives a Ford ? If this was a hit it seems unnecessarily high-profile. lt draws attention to itself . That could be the point - to intimidate potential witnesses . Scobie had a supervisor at Morley - a Dr Peter Voss. I 'm gonna talk to him . - You mind if I tag along ? - No . Sir ? We 're here to see Dr Voss . Do you have an appointment ? Do you have an appointment ? Maybe you missed this the first time around . Gentlemen , I can help you . Daniel Brimley , Head of Corporate Security . Pleasure . - You 're here concerning Dr Scobie 's death ? - We are . We were all sorry to hear about it . Jim has a lot of friends in this building . No hard feelings that he was about to turn federal witness against your company ? Nobody was happy about Jim 's decision , but the timing of his death couldn 't be worse . - You 've no problem with us seeing Dr Voss ? - Absolutely not . Whatever we can do to help . Could you ... could you give my sincerest condolences to Jim 's wife , Joan ? How is she ? I 'm sure she 'll take comfort in finding out why her husband died . Dr Voss , can you enlighten us as to what Dr Scobie intended to tell the grand jury ? We know it had to do with company research . Dr Voss would be in violation of his confidentiality clause in answering that . - Dr Scobie was your friend ? - Yeah , for 14 years . Yet you demoted him five weeks ago . You took him off a project . Can you tell us why ? As before , Dr Voss would be in violation of his confidentiality clause in answering questions regarding the nature of his work here at Morley . Our cooperation cannot extend itself to revealing corporate secrets . I 'm not sensing any cooperation whatsoever . I 'm one more non-answer away from getting a federal warrant and searching this building . Then this meeting is over . Dr Voss . Dr Voss . Can you tell me what that is ? - lt 's a tobacco beetle . Why ? - We found it at Jim Scobie 's house . You 'll find a lot of these around here . There 's probably a dozen in the grille of your car right now . May I ask where you 're going with this , Agent ? I 'm sorry , I can 't . Answering that question would violate fbi confidentiality due to the sensitive nature of our investigation . Evenin ' . What are you doin ' here ? Run outta smokes . Me and Dr Scobie had an arrangement , as you know . So I figured , Dr Scobie not bein ' around , that my arrangement with him slides on over to you . Here you go . That won 't hold me . I 'll bring you more . Just don 't come here anymore , all right ? It seems everybody 's actin ' funny around me all of a sudden , you know ? Tellin ' me not to talk , to stay away from their houses . Too bad about Dr Scobie , huh ? Yeah ... I bet people are wonderin ' how he died. I been workin ' my own theory up in the old noggin . I 'd be happy to share it with you someday . I think that you should leave now . Yeah . I don 't wanna wear out my welcome . We 'll be seein ' a lot of each other , I expect . - Smoke ' em if you got ' em . - What have you found ? The tissue damage on Dr Scobie 's mouth extends all the way down his trachea into his lungs . His alveoli look like corned beef . What about this being the result of a corrosive agent ? No , that 's not the case . There 's no acids present , no caustics . This damage isn 't the result of any kind of chemical reaction . His airways have more or less just been reamed out . I can tell you what killed him , strictly speaking . - What ? - Hypoxemia . The inability to transfer oxygen from the lungs to the bloodstream . He choked to death ? However it was accomplished , someone did do this to him . Not necessarily . There weren 't any signs of struggle . Maybe no one was ever there . - Where are you going with this ? - lt isn 't a homicide . You examined the body , Scully . Did you find any of these ? - A bug ? - lt 's a tobacco beetle , yeah . I didn 't find anything like that , Mulder . Were you expecting me to ? Killer bugs ? This is what I 'm supposed to tell the director ? I don 't know , butjudging from Dr Voss 's reaction to this , I think we should investigate . I been tellin ' you all week . How many times I gotta say it ? No smoking . You hear me ? America , man . I 'll get you kicked out , you son of a bitch . You think I 'm kiddin ' ? I 'll do it . The law 's on my side . Guests check in , but they don 't check out . Judging from the condition of the body , he died in the same manner as Dr Scobie . Except this man 's no corporate whistle-blower . Thomas Gustall . Out-of-date Massachusetts license , food coupons , and a certificate from a court-ordered anger-management class . What could Morley Tobacco have against a transient from Massachusetts ? - Probably nothing . - What are you suggesting , Mulder ? That Jim Scobie wasn 't murdered . Neither was this man . Then what killed them ? - These . - We didn 't find any in Dr Scobie 's bathroom . There was an open window , so they could have escaped . It 's a long shot , but it could be some form of contagious agent , like an insect-borne bacterium . Which would mean that there might be other victims in this building . fbi . Sorry to wake you . You didn 't wake me . Come on in . Thank you . We 're investigating the death of the man who lived next to you - Thomas Gustall . Do you know him ? I knew his voice . He yelled a lot . He yelled ? Yeah . He said I smoke too much . What ya gonna do , man ? It 's a free country . - Do you mind ? - No . You don 't seem surprised that he 's dead . Guess his number come up . I 'm just glad it wasn 't me . - What is your name , sir ? - Daryl Weaver . Mr Weaver , did you see or hear anything unusual last night ? Little Korean fella down the hall . Dresses like Wonder Woman . But that 's every night . Other than that ? Say , there wouldn 't happen to be any reward money involved , would there ? I mean , I could use an extra buck or two . The fbi would appreciate your voluntary cooperation , sir . That 's the way it works . Ain 't that always the way ? Nope . My mind is just drawin' a complete blank . That 's my card . Thank you , Mr Weaver . Anything ? Two deaths in 24 hours . We 've yet to find an answer . And the only thing I have to go on medically at this point is Mulder 's bug . You know , I know an entomologist at UNC Wilmington - a Dr Libby Nance . Good . Talk to her . - Where are you going ? - See about something that 's bugging me . - Mrs Voss ? - Yes ? Fox Mulder. ls your husband home ? It 's OK , honey. it 'll just be a minute . Sure thing . - l shouldn 't talk to you without our lawyers . - l understand your reluctance to talk , sir . You have a nice family , a lot to lose . What do you want , Agent Mulder ? There 's been another victim . Thomas Gustall . Died exactly the same way Scobie did . I 'm sorry to hear that . - But what 's that got to do with me ? - We found these all over him . I believe that that 's what killed both men . Tobacco beetle. lt 's an herbivore . It eats tobacco . Hence its name . I understand that , but maybe these don 't . - l 'm not required to talk to you , am I ? - No . But why are you hiding behind your lawyers , Doctor ? How many people have to die before you do the right thing ? I 'll get it . - Hello ? - What did he want ? - Are you spying on me ? - l 'm not spying on you , Peter . I 'm looking out for you . What did he want ? There 's been another death . Downtown . - How did it happen ? - l don 't know . This has gone on long enough . We should come forward. I should . Do you hear what you 're saying , Peter ? Now , I want you to just take a moment . I want you to think about what really matters to you . Now , tell me where l can find Daryl Weaver . Why ? This was my mistake. I 'll clean it up . I don 't know where he is . This doesn 't make sense . What doesn 't make sense ? It 's a Lasioderma serricorne - tobacco beetle . Only ... I 've never seen one exactly like this . What are the differences ? Physical differences . Minor but definitely notable . Deviations in the mandibles , the antennae , the body segmentation . What if such deviations arose from genetic engineering ? - Engineering the bugs themselves ? - No. I was thinking about another possibility . - Transgenomics . - Which is ... ? It 's a form of DNA manipulation - alterations made on the genetic level . It is widely known that tobacco companies pour money into that kind of research . Changing the tobacco plant itself in order to make it hardier , give it less nicotine , more nicotine , make it naturally menthol-flavored . You name it . A form of what ? Supertobacco ? Which possibly could have created superbugs . I guess the real question is could they have become dangerous to humans ? Mr Weaver . Sorry , Doc , no vacancy . What happened there ? You tell me . You 're the one with the PhD . I 'm just a big old guinea pig . Listen . You have to leave town . And give up all this ? Me not doin ' my part for science ? Here . Take it. lt 's everything I have in the bank . Four thousand . It 's not much , but it 's a start . I 'm not kidding . You gotta get outta here . Why ? I got a good thing goin ' here . I got cash money . I got all the coffin nails i can suck down . Although lately I been thinkin this particular brand , it doesn 't ... do anyone else any favors , healthwise . Been thinkin ' that too , huh ? Would it bother you if I lit one up ? Toodles . No , you don 't understand . Morley is a multi-billion-dollar global corporation . You think they 're gonna let you endanger that ? They 'll kill you first . It sounds like a Daryl Weaver problem to me . Yeah ... - What am I looking at ? - Thomas Gustall 's left lung and bronchus . I guess that explains where the beetles came from . - Where have you been ? - Talking to lawyers at Justice . - Trying to get a look at Morley 's files . - Take a look at this . They 're the larval stage of the tobacco beetle , Mulder , and somehow they have ended up nesting in Thomas Gustall 's lungs . What doesn 't make any sense is why Scobie 's lungs didn 't show this same condition . The larvae must pupate inside the lungs , and then once they mature into beetles , - exit the body en masse . - lt explains the state of the face and throat . How did they get in the lungs to begin with ? Mulder ? How is he ? We 're using a deep-suction technique that 's been designed for asthma and cystic fibrosis . And , so far , we 're having some luck at clearing his lungs . - But ... ? - For every one of those things that are in his lung tissue there may be a dozen eggs that have yet to be hatched . - Eggs ? - His pulmonary tissue is riddled with them , and they 're going to hatch . It 's just ... We 're buying time . How did this happen ? How did the eggs get into his lungs ? I 'm thinking he inhaled them . The tobacco beetle lives out its life cycle on or around the tobacco plant . That 's where it lays its eggs. lf those genetically-altered beetles we found did that , then maybe the eggs survived the processing into cigarettes . - And been carried into his lungs as smoke ? - Right . Like spores or pollen , somehow small enough to be airborne . But Mulder isn 't a smoker , and neither was Scobie . Maybe they were around someone who was . Don 't bother calling Security . Federal search warrant , as promised . Do it . You 're gonna talk to me . One of my agents is dying of the same thing that killed Dr Scobie . I believe you can save him . We stand by our contention that all information is proprietary , and is therefore the sole property of Morley Tobacco . Listen to me , you son of a bitch . This isn 't about Morley or your precious research . This is about saving lives . - That 's exactly what we were trying to do . - Dr Voss , I 'm advising you not to speak . This has gone on long enough . We thought we were doing a good thing . We knew people were never gonna stop smoking , no matter how unhealthy it was , so why not genetically engineer a safer cigarette ? Except you engineered the bugs as well . We recruited test smokers . We conducted focus groups . There were no problems . And after a few months in , things got bad . We had four test subjects , and ... three of them died . is that what Dr Scobie was gonna testify about ? Yeah . Yeah . And the company wanted us to keep it quiet . But I thought , let 's correct the mistakes and face the consequences . Jim didn 't . He was monitoring a focus group , and that 's how he got infected . You said only three died . Who was the fourth ? Clear . Go ahead . - He told me he meant to get Weaver . - Looks like Weaver got to him first . Mr Brimley , can you hear me ? You got Mickey 's Big Mouth ? There 's no smoking in here . Mickey 's Big Mouth . Anything else ? Carton of cigarettes ? You don 't have my brand . It must be bad . How do you feel ? Like a DustBuster attacked me . We 're looking for someone who may be able to help - a Morley test subject by the name of Daryl Weaver . Mr E Pluribus . Yeah . Mr Weaver seems to have some kind of tolerance or immunity , and we 're hoping that once we find him we 'll be able to figure out how to treat you . Mulder ? Doctor . His stat 's down to 72 . Get some O2 on him and call the code . Susan , code blue . Right , Doctor . Over to my side . Dr Scully ? We 've got him stabilized on ECMO , but we won 't be able to maintain him on it for long . Of course , you see why . - There 's more now than six hours ago . - They 're blocking the flow of blood . Our best bet is to go back in there . I think this time we have to crack the chest . No . No . He 's too weak for thoracic surgery . He 'd die on the table . I don 't know what our other options are . I 'd say for the time being we just wait . That 'll definitely kill him . Sooner or later . Mrs Voss , I 'm Assistant Director Skinner , fbi . May we come in ? What is this ? What 's going on ? I have to ask for your cooperation . These men are here to protect you and your family . Oh , my God . Why ? - Your husband hasn 't told you about this ? - He 's not here . He told me he was headed home . Try Dr Voss at work . I 've just been trying . There 's no answer . Behind you . I was just leavin ' . I got what I came for . He took the test cigarettes . I couldn 't stop him . Stop right there . Why ? You gonna shoot me ? I 'm not gonna let you go and infect more people . You 're gonna let me do whatever I wanna do . Dr Voss here tells me you need me . You need me to save your boy . Don 't do it . They say these things kill people , you know ? Any brand , sooner or later . But , you know , it doesn 't have to be that way . I think Dr Voss is really onto somethin with his research. I do . It 's over , Weaver. I 'm through . Come on , now. I mean ... You gotta figure ... The first car killed a bunch of people ... before they perfected it , cos it 's all just part of the scientific process , you know ? Mr Weaver , I will shoot you . No , you won 't . I 'm a regular damn scientific marvel . They 're gonna study me , they 're gonna write scientific papers about me . I could be the cure for cancer . Me , Daryl Weaver . You ain 't gonna shoot me . Toodles . - How 's Mulder ? - Not good . Let 's get the blood work on this man . Wait a minute . Get me 30 milligrams of methyl pyrrolidinyl pyridine . - Nicotine ? - Yeah . I think this could save Mulder 's life . Good to be back ? Beats the alternative . You 'll be interested to know Morley Tobacco has subpoenaed all of our files on the case . - They seem very interested in your recovery . - What about Daryl Weaver ? He 's well enough to have been moved to the hospital ward at Riley Correctional . It was the nicotine itself that was keeping him alive ? His fingers were stained with it . He was a four-pack-a-day smoker , far heavier than any of the focus-group members who died . Nicotine is extremely poisonous. lt 's actually one of the oldest known insecticides . It 's good for killing tobacco beetles . Once we loaded your system up with enough of it , it acted as a sort of chemotherapy . - Except it almost stopped your breathing too . - That 's not all it did . I bought these on the way to work . You 're not gonna start smoking ? They say the addiction is stronger than heroin . Mulder ... - Good . Skinner 's waiting for us in his office . - l 'll be right up . Visiontext Subtitles : Kerrie Slavin US english
