 Mr Maleeni . Hey , guy . You ready to rumble ? If by " rumble " you mean " perform , " yes , I am . Cool . You know how they said you get $ 125 for the day ? It 's gonna be 75 instead . The gate 's for crap . But the show 's got to go on , right ? This will be my greatest show ever . Right on . Ladies and gentlemen , damas y caballeros , I aim today notjust to entertain , but to educate , to instruct and inform in the venerable and ancient history of my art . Until Johann Nepomuk Hofsinzer called playing cards " the poetry of magic , " a conjurer 's skill was determined entirely by his ability to perform one effect . That effect was known as " the cups and balls . " The games were known for hundreds , if not thousands , of years . Perhaps the greatest performer was the Italian Bartolomeo Bosco . Get on with it ! Bosco 's passes with the cups and balls . Three gone , and yet three return . Bosco had only one contemporary rival , a Frenchman named Conus , who announced in 1795 that he would make his wife , who was five foot seven , appear under one of the cups . Practice though I have , I have been unable even to get married . Conus placed one ball in his pocket . He put the second ball away . Putting the third ball in his hand , he made it vanish , and that 's the mystery of the cups and the balls . Yo ! Can 't you do anything that ain 't a hundred years old ? That ain 't old-school , that 's decrepit ! Young man , shall I come heckle you on yourjob ? Make sure you count out the requisite number of McNuggets ? Show me something . Come on . Show me something ! A callow challenge to be met by experience and skill . To wit , the Egyptian Dedi , whose most celebrated feat was to reattach a recently severed head , reuniting it with a still-warm body , and no harm done . Western history knows three previous attempts at recreating this Noachian feat , each of the three ending in tragedy . This will be the fourth . May I have complete silence , please ? Yeah ! Signor Maleeni ! Let 's give it up for the Amazing Maleeni . Guy , you rock . That kicked ass ! I mean , it looked completely real . How did you do that ? Oh , yeah , right . Magic . Oh , hey , your money . Hold up . Two , four , 50 , 55 , 60 , 65 , 70 , 75 . You earned it . Mr Maleeni ? Mr Maleeni . Oh , God ... - Neat trick , huh ? - l can think of a neater one : How you convinced me to get on the first plane to Los Angeles . This isn 't intriguing enough for you ? A magician turns his head completely around 360 degrees to the delight of young and old alike , after which it plops unceremoniously onto the pier . - Did you see the picture ? - Yeah , I saw the picture . As for this Amazing Maleeni turning his head all the way around ... - Like you said , Mulder , neat trick . - But ... ? But I 'd guess this event was completely removed from the subsequent murder . You think this was a murder ? Don 't you ? Mulder , his head was cut off . Observe the nearly complete absence of blood . Observe the paucity of fingerprints as evidenced by the LAPD 's liberal use of lycopodium powder . You sound like Tony Randall . Know that Maleeni was alive one moment and expired the next , also that no one saw his fleeing attacker nor heard the dying man 's cries . I admit that I don 't know how it happened , but I still say that it was a murder . - So what 's your theory ? - A magic trick gone horribly wrong . One that claims the lives of all who attempt it . Can I see that camcorder again ? Thank you . A tourist videotaped Maleeni 's performance . Look at this . That ain 't old school , that 's decrepit ! Who 's the heckler ? Come on . Show me something ! I don 't know . Neat trick , huh ? Hang on a second . Let me see this . That heckler was pretty hard to impress , wouldn 't you say ? Look , and then he just takes off in a huff . - You think he 's a murderer ? - lt 's worth checking out . That 'll be a neat trick in itself . You never see his face . But observe . His discarded soda cup . The hand may be quicker than the eye , - but it still leaves fingerprints . - Provided they haven 't dumped the trash . Skeptic . Mr LaBonge ? We 're Agents Mulder and Scully from the fbi . Were you at the Santa Monica Pier yesterday morning ? Yeah . You attended a magic show . The Amazing Maleeni . Yeah , he sucks . Why ? He 's dead , under extremely suspicious circumstances . He still sucks . How 'd you find me ? Your fingerprints . You have a criminal record . A conviction for pickpocketing . Man , that was performance art . Besides , it 's ancient history . What are you saying ? You think I killed him ? You 're on videotape heckling the deceased . What did you have against Mr Maleeni ? First of all , his name 's not Maleeni . That 's the name of a real magician , a guy at the turn of the century , Max Malini . - Ever hear of him ? - No . Too bad . You should have . Anyway , he steals his name , spells it differently , and does some tired crap that wouldn 't cut it at a kid 's birthday party . What about when he turns his head completely around ? Check it out . No problem . Did you like that ? Yeah . Watch . Coin in the hand blows away . Maybe it 's a little bit hard for you to see . Let me make that bigger for you . I don 't see how they 're any different or better than the ones Maleeni did . Mozart and Salieri . They sound pretty much the same to a layman . But they ain 't . You know what I 'm saying ? It 's about originality . Style . And more than anything else , soul . Because that 's what separates the great ones from the hacks . We can 't do this halfway . We 're dealing with powerful forces at work here . Energies far beyond our mere mortal ... understanding . Enough to make a magician lose his head ? Could be . That , and I hear Maleeni racked up some pretty big gambling debts . Who knows who he might 've pissed off ? Thank you , Mr LaBonge . We 'll be in touch . Please do . Oh , and Agents ? Mozart and Salieri . Which one 's which ? I think that professional jealousy is as good a motive for murder as any . If it was a murder. I 'm not convinced . If I can get Maleeni into an autopsy bay , hopefully we can put this issue to rest . All right , I 'm stumped . And I think I 'm supposed to be . What do you think ? First of all , I 'm sorry to disappoint you , but Mr Maleeni 's head didn 'tjust magically fall off . It was very carefully sawed . Very slow and exacting work , probably with a fine-tooth meat saw . And check out this little detail ... Spirit gum , Mulder . It held the head to the body . Just barely , of course . - So he was murdered . - Well , no . As far as I can tell , this man died of advanced coronary disease . - Natural causes . - Yeah . So he died of a heart attack , somebody sawed his head off and then glued it back on , all in 30 seconds . - So does that make sense to you ? - No . Which makes it even stranger still because , as far as I can tell , this body has been dead for over a month . I see signs of refrigeration . And yet he performed yesterday . What a trouper . Somebody performed yesterday . Cissy Alvarez . Who are you ? You don 't remember me . Ain 't that a bitch ? My name 's LaBonge . I did time with you eight years ago . You were in for bank robbery . The name doesn 't mean anything . What do you want ? I hear you 're a poker player . You won big off a guy who calls himself the Amazing Maleeni . Also goes by the name of Herman Pinchbeck . Pinchbeck ? - He 's dead . - Yeah , I saw in the paper . Something about his head fell off . What 's it to you ? I 'm the guy that made his head fall off . You took his marker . What did he owe you , 15 grand ? - 20 . - He was never gonna pay you back . You want to cut to the chase ? Get more of your story out before we stomp you to death ? How would you like to get back what you 're owed ? Times ten . $ 200,000 ? How ? - Helping me . - Do what ? Magic . Wanna hear more ? Excuse me , I 'm looking for Mr Albert Pinchbeck . He 's the gentleman right over there . The poor man . - He look familiar to you , Scully ? - He certainly does . - The plot thickens . - He might try and run . Come in . - Good morning , Mr and Mrs ... ? - Agents . Mulder and Scully . fbi . You 're not here for a home loan , I take it . No , we are investigating the death of a magician who called himself the Amazing Maleeni . Herman Pinchbeck , my twin brother . Yes , we know . We checked his next of kin . - What happened to your neck ? - l was in a car accident . Car accident . So it has nothing to do with a magic trick you performed at the Santa Monica Pier ? One which involved you turning your head 360 degrees ? No . That wasn 't me. I was in a bad car accident in Mexico . Oh , bad Mexican car accident. ln Mexico . Do you know magic , Mr Pinchbeck ? Yes , I do . Back in the ' 70s , my brother and I performed together . - Why did you stop ? - You never really stop . Pick a card , any card ? Hm . Very impressive . My brother and I both wanted to do the best magic the world had ever seen . The difference was I knew we 'd never get there , but he always believed we would . We didn 't talk much after I quit the act . I have a theory , Mr Pinchbeck , and I 'm gonna tell you how it goes : Herman died of heart disease having never made it as the world 's greatest magician , and that hurts you , just as your estrangement from him hurts you . And I think what you did was perform his last act for him , one last act for which he 'd always be remembered , that would end with such a shock , such a denouement , as would be forever remembered in the annals of magic . That 's what I think . I so wish that were true . It was a very bad car accident in Mexico . - Oy . - No kidding . - What now ? - A guy 's head falls off . The greatest trick in the world , only there 's no point to it . What 's the reason for doing it ? Why do people do magic ? To impress , to delight , to gain attention . This one 's gained mostly police attention . Maybe that 's the point . Maybe we should consult an expert . Someone who knows magic , who 's seen the greatest trick in the world . Maybe he can help us figure that out . - Mozart . - Yeah . What 's in it for me ? I mean , let 's say I help you out . What do I get in return ? The feeling of pride that comes from performing your civic duty . How about the chance to root through the professional secrets of your least favorite magician ? Good for a laugh , I guess . Man , it 's worse than I thought . You gotta feed those things , you know . So ... - Maleeni wasn 't murdered ? - lt would seem not . So someone impersonated him and his crappy act . It 's impressive . I 'd say the twin did it , but I don 't think he 's any better a magician than Maleeni . There 's that , and he 's got no legs . Yeah . Whatever . Anyway , we 're looking for a magician with the same height and build . Good makeup and the right wig , and no one would know the difference . Not even you , I guess . I had a couple of Jell-O shots in me . How did this impersonator switch out the dead body ? With ease . You 'll kick yourselves when I show you how he did this , it 's so simple . Because magic is all about ... misdirection . Your impersonator made sure everyone was looking the other way when he pulled Maleeni 's body from its secret hiding place underneath ... the floor . Man , this guy 's good . Well , thanks for your expert opinion . I guess we 're right back where we started . Maybe not . You said the Amazing Maleeni had some gambling debts ? Yeah , that 's what I heard . Check this out. lt looks like a marker . $ 20,000 . Pinchbeck . What would this be doing in Maleeni 's van ? Thank you , Mr Pinchbeck . If you could sign here for me . With pleasure . Anthony , what kind of gun is that ? Glock 17 , nine-millimeter . I 've been thinking of maybe buying one . Here , take a look . Gosh , it 's heavier than I would have thought . Thank you , Anthony , Marvin . If you ever want , I 'll take you to the shooting range . - Have a good one , Mr Pinchbeck . - You too . Hello . May I help you ? - Damn , you lookjust like him . - l 'm sorry ? Your no-good , malapaga brother died owing me money . A lot of money . You 're gonna make good . I 'm sorry , but my brother 's debts are his own . I said , you 're gonna make good , cos me and my friends , we know where you live . - Does that sound like the rear diff ? - Pull over . Stay here and call it in. I 'll check it out . We got a problem with the rear diff out on Fourth and Main , checkin ' it out ... You ! In the truck ! Get up where l can see you ! Hands where l can see them ! Up ! Hands up ! All right , get out . Mister , get out ! I got a guy down back here ! It was a guy with tattoos ! I shot him four times ! I don 't understand . He was right here . That 's your handwriting , is it not ? Mr Alvarez , please answer the question . That ain 't mine . I don 't know where you got that . Yours are the only fingerprints on it . We ran it through the California criminal history database , to which you seem to be quite well-known . So it 's my marker . So Pinchbeck owed me money . It was a friendly game of poker . Very friendly . $ 20,000 friendly . - Where did you find that ? - ln Herman Pinchbeck 's van . Where were you last Thursday ? Here . All day . Ask ' em . What is it you think I did to Pinchbeck ? What 's in it for me ? If I kill him , he ain 't gonna pay me . Why did you play with him ? You knew he was a magician . I didn 't know what he was . And he sure as hell couldn 't play worth a damn . Don 't leave town , Mr Alvarez . Isn 't it odd that the Amazing Maleeni 's a lousy poker player ? - He was adept at manipulating cards . - Maybe he wasn 't so adept . LaBonge certainly doesn 't have a high opinion of his skills . There 's another possibility . Behold , an ordinary household quarter . I take the quarter from my right hand and place it in my left . Where is it ? - ln your right hand . - No . - That 's not bad . - Blow your nose . - Blow your nose . - Ahchoo . - Ta-da . Look at that . - Amazing ! - The Great Muldeeni . - What 's the point ? It 's misdirection , the heart of magic . You looked one way , the quarter went the other . - You think that 's what 's happening ? - We 're being led around by our noses . By whom ? Maleeni 's already dead . It appears so , but then , you thought the quarter was in the right hand . - 911 . - Hello ? I want to report a man with a gun . He 's threatening to kill somebody . - Can you please speak up ? - No , I can 't speak up. I ... No , I can 't ! Sir ? Hello ? Hello ? Son of a bitch . Hey , partner . Hey , guys . - You son of a bitch . - l 'm sorry ? You tried to frame me . - Hijo de tu ... - l didn 't ! - You didn 't ? - We got a deal ! We got no deal. I 'm gonna bleed you . Back off ! You 're dead . Freeze ! Drop your weapon ! - Hands behind your head ! - Do it ! Bring your head down . Spread your legs . Agents . An unexpected surprise . Good afternoon . We 'd like to have a word with you . - l 'm fairly busy , actually . - l 'll bet . - Hey ! - Let 's take a little spin . - What 's this all about ? - lt 's about misdirection , Mr Pinchbeck , or should I say the Amazing Maleeni ? Mulder ! It 's a trick , Scully . Voilà . Had you fooled . You 're Maleeni ? Call me Herman . I was afraid for my life . That 's why I did what I did . I 'm not proud of that . But I owe a lot of money that I can 't possibly pay back . We know . Gambling debts to a man named Alvarez . Yeah , that tattooed psychopath . I 've heard terrible stories about him , things he did in prison to fellow inmates . So why 'd you play poker with him ? He runs a good game . I gamble to supplement my income . God knows , magic barely pays . Why did you lose ? You could have manipulated the cards . Cheat ? You 're asking why I don 't cheat at cards ? Well , you could , right ? Of course I could . But how would I live with myself ? Who raised you ? Well , sir , what does any of this have to do with your twin brother being found decapitated at the Santa Monica Pier ? I went to my brother for a loan . Just my luck , and his . You found him dead of a heart attack . His body was still warm . Looking at him , lifeless , I saw myself , my own eventual mortality . I saw all the things I meant to accomplish but didn 't . It was an opportunity to vanish , become someone else . Like I said , I 'm not proud of what I did . And so you refrigerated the body ... I needed time to figure out how to pull it all off . Impersonating my brother , I called the bank , told them I needed a vacation week . A trip to Mexico . Then the bank received word that I 'd been in a terrible accident . It gave me plenty of time away from work . And you posed as an amputee to allay suspicion that you weren 't your brother . That , and I rather enjoyed the sympathy , especially from the women in our office . You still haven 't explained why you left your brother 's body at the pier , or why you arranged to have his head fall off . He explained it . He put it so eloquently when we last spoke . It was my final performance . I wanted to go out with such a shock , such a denouement , as would forever be remembered in the annals of magic . - That was your last performance . - What 's this for ? Well , I still think you got a few tricks up your sleeve . My God . We gave you handicapped parking . We built you a ramp . - Did he have access to the vaults ? - Yes , he has a key to the day gate . - Several of us do . - What are you looking for ? Any hint at all as to why Maleeni here is really impersonating his brother . What about this ? Could he have removed funds electronically ? He didn 't have security clearance for electronic fund transfers . Maybe he got around it . Can we check the withdrawal records ? It would require your badge number and thumbprint , and probably a subpoena . We 're extra cautious with the EFTs . You can understand why . There may be an easier way. lf l call up a transaction list for this terminal ... No . No , everything 's in order . It says here something about a robbery attempt yesterday . That wasn 't against us , but the armored transport service we deal with . No money was taken and no suspects were caught . Mr Pinchbeck was the employee who signed out the truck . He knew the schedule . - l had nothing to do with that . - Maybe , maybe not . We 'll hold you till we find out , to make sure you don 't pull a vanishing act . Hey . - Paul , I 'm putting Mr Pinchbeck in six . - Right . Sleep tight . Wait , don 't I get a phone call , sir ? Sir ? - How 'd it go ? - Swimmingly . Abracadabra , man . Oh , damn ! Yes . OK . - All right . All right , thank you . - Maleeni ? He 's still in the city lockup where he 's been since we arrested him . It certainly doesn 't look like he did this . Lots of fingerprints . I guarantee you none of them match our thieves . They 're too clever to leave clues , except for the ones they want us to find . Excuse me . May I show you something ? We thought the camera footage might show the robbers . - Does it ? - No . They all mysteriously went blank from about 3 : 00am to 3 : 20 . - That 's not what we wanted you to see . - This is from two days ago . Cissy Alvarez . Convicted bank robber . - You recognize this man ? - Yeah . Who is he to you ? I know those tattoos . That 's the man who tried to rob my truck . What the hell , man ? What did I do ? You , fbi , what 's up with this ? You can 'tjust bust in here ! I got rights . I 'm gonna call my lawyer , then we 'll see what 's what . - Nothing back there . - This is harassment . This is harassment ! What are they looking for ? Come on , man ! Somebody talk to me . - Shut up . - No , you shut up ! Man , this ain 't right . Why 'd you put the cuffs on so tight ? Yo , will you please tell me what he 's looking for ? Well ... Saving up for a rainy day ? Oh , no , no . We got framed . This is a frame-up ! - lt was the magician . - The magician ? Maleeni ? No , not the dead one , man ! That little cabrón ! LaBonge ! LaBonge set me up ! Listen to me ... - Billy LaBonge . - And the Amazing Maleeni . That 's a double bill I wouldn 't wanna miss . Pinchbeck , you made your bail . You too , LaBonge . Releasing these two may be a bit premature . Give us a minute , will you ? Good morning . Did you sleep well ? Agent Mulder . Agent Scully . - Bravo . Really . - What do you mean ? Last night the Cradock Marine Bank was robbed of $ 1.8 million . This morning that amount was found in the possession of Mr Cissy Alvarez . Wow. I told you he was bad news . Bravo to you . - That was expeditious police work . - Thank you. lt was . It 's only that Alvarez was so obviously guilty . A convicted bank robber witnessed trying to rob an armored car two days earlier ? - He 'll need a good lawyer . - Yeah . He 's up a creek . Just like you two want him . I don 't quite see where you 're headed with this . I have no evidence , but I have a theory , Mr Maleeni , and I 'll tell you how it goes : Your twin brother , Albert , died of a heart attack , at which point you and your protégé saw an opportunity . My protégé ? I hate this guy 's guts . That 's what you wanted us to think . You wanted revenge against the man who made your life in prison hell . I did time with you about eight years ago . Alvarez . You and he were on the same cell block eight years ago . It was a setup . You played poker with him and made sure you lost big . It gave LaBonge an in with Alvarez once everybody thought you were dead . LaBonge planted Alvarez 's marker in Maleeni 's van so we 'd find it . You used Alvarez 's greed in order to ensnare him and then orchestrated the attempted bank robbery to implicate him . That was you in the armored car , disguised as Alvarez . Mr Pinchbeck got ahold of the guard 's gun and switched the clip . Guard didn 't know it , but he was firing blanks . Then last night the two of you robbed the bank , and planted the money at Alvarez 's place . - Don 't you think we have pretty good alibis ? - You have the best alibis in the world , which is why you two got arrested in the first place . With your expertise at sleight-of-hand pickpocketing , I think you were both able to get out of here by pilfering a guard 's key . You escaped , stole the money , framed Alvarez and came back for breakfast . Scrambled eggs and sausage . That would be the world 's greatest trick , wouldn 't it ? One that would be forever remembered in the annals of magic . - What happens to us ? - To you ? You go free , provided the magic is over . The great ones always know when to leave the stage . Billy , let 's get the hell outta here . - They are the world 's greatest . - We saw through their magic . Nah , there 's more . Behold ! - The Amazing Maleeni 's wallet . - You picked his pocket ? I pilfered it from the evidence room to prevent their final act of prestidigitation . - What do you mean ? - l began to wonder , why did they need so elaborate a setup ? Why so high-profile ? Why draw the attention of the fbi in the first place ? - We were the last piece of the puzzle . - Alvarez was a misdirection . This trick was about EFTs , electronic funds transfers at the bank . Maleeni , Pinchbeck , he didn 't have security clearance , so he needed federal law enforcement intervention - specifically , my badge number ... and my thumbprint . With those two items , they could steal enough electronically as to make that $ 1.8 million look like cigar-lighting money . But they can 't do it without this . Pick a card , Scully . Any card . There 's still one thing that you haven 't explained . What 's that ? How Maleeni was able to turn his head completely around . - l don 't know that . - l do. I 'll show you . Observe . Gee ! Very nice . How 'd you do that ? Well , magic . No , seriously , Scully , how 'd you do it ? You know , it 's not the same thing . It 's different with the head . Come on . Look at this . Visiontext Subtitles : Tram Nguyen Zelniker US english
