 Give it up , Mulder . You 've got no chance . - Damn it . - My sniper zombies are everywhere . I 'll offer you a deal . You give me the Lazarus bowl and I 'll give you Scully . How about this deal ? Give me Scully or I smash the bowl and shove it where the Son of God don 't shine . You cigarette-smoking mackerel snapper . I break the Lazarus bowl and all your sniper zombies go back to being good little well-behaved corpses . You don 't fool me , Mulder . That bowl is your Holy Grail . Encoded in its ancient grooves are the words Jesus spake when he raised Lazarus from the dead , still capable of raising the dead 2,000 years later . Proof positive of the paranormal . You could no sooner destroy that than let the redhead die . Come on , man . Don 't break the bowl . We don 't wanna go back to being dead . There 's no food , no women , no dancing . Save the bowl . Then we 'll dump that ciggy-smoking stooge for you . And you 'll be the new king of the dead . I 'd rather serve in heaven than rule in hell . is that your flashlight , Mulder , or are you just happy to be lying on top of me ? Oh , that . For seven long years I 've been waiting for the right moment . You 're a sick man , Mulder . Go on . I love you , Scully . - No ifs , ands , or ... - Bees . Yesterday a bomb ripped through the crypt of Christ 's Church here in DC . There were no casualties , no thefts , no note making any demand . - Who 's taking credit for it ? - Nobody . She - Jodie Foster 's foster child on a pay-less budget . He 's like a Jehovah 's Witness meets Harrison Ford 's Witness . Christ 's Church . Isn 't that Cardinal O 'Fallon 's church ? O 'Fallon 's residence is adjacent to the crypt . - Who 's Cardinal O 'Fallon ? - Cardinal O 'Fallen , perhaps . He 's one of the most powerful men in the church today . His name often comes up as a possibility for the first American pope . I don 't want to be myopic here , sir , but this looks like a terrorist act for the ATF . Myopic . - Yes , it does . - Are you gonna answer your phone ? Me ? I didn 't wanna be rude . - So who the hell is this guy ? - Wayne Federman . An old buddy of mine . He 's a writer in Hollywood and he 's working on an FBl-based movie . He 's asked me to give him access . - A screenwriter ? - lt 's actually as a writer-slash-producer . He looks actually just a hindrance-slash-pain in the neck . Agent Mulder , I don 't wanna eat your lunch . I 'm just here for some procedural flavor . I 've no idea what you just said . The Skin Man 's filled me in on your particular bent . He said that you come at things maybe a little fekakte , a little Star-Trekky . Which is the exact vibe I 'm looking for . It 's a Silence of the Lambs meets Greatest Story Ever Told type thing . It 's beautiful and I will not be in your way . I 'll be strictly Heisenbergian . A hologram . Mr Federman will accompany you to Christ 's Church . He will act as an observer . You will extend to him every courtesy and protection you would a friend of mine . Agent Scully , I require your services here for the morning . Sir , have I pissed you off in a way that 's more than normal ? I 'm just curious if she 's more than your partner . Whatever . Cardinal O 'Fallon , can you think of anyone who might make an attempt on your life ? The Church always has enemies , Agent Mulder . The size of the bomb limited its destruction to the crypt . - ls there anything there worth targeting ? - Not really . Just some old bones , artifacts , relics , documents that we store down there in the cold . I like to think of it as God 's refrigerator . - That 's a great line . - Thank you . - God 's refrigerator . - Shut up . No treasures to the outside world . Things of negligible monetary value , but great spiritual value to the Church . Ancient devotional texts , medieval relics . How about the shroud of Turin ? Afraid not . But we do have the bathrobe of St Peter . - You 're kidding ? - Yes , I am . - That 's a good line . - Wayne . Shut up . Who comes down to the crypt here ? Only myself . We have half a mile of catacombs here . I like to walk here during lunch . That 's where the bomb went off . My instinct is to see this desecration less as a murder attempt and more as a terrorist act . A message ... This isn 't me. I think it 's you . Excuse me . - That 's not me . - Let me check . Not me . We never get reception here . Would that be St Jude 's cellphone , Cardinal ? That 's Micah Hoffman . Micah Hoffman , Willie Mays and Frank Serpico . That 's my holy trinity , Scully . Of course , I 'm too young to remember , but wasn 't he a ' 60s campus radical like Jerry Ruben or Mario Savio ? Name a ' 60s counterculture movement , and Hoffman was at the center of it . He was one of the original Weathermen , the first yippie , a better poet that Ginsberg and starting shortstop for his Columbia baseball team . In the ' 70s , didn 't he go real low profile ? After Altamont . He was never heard from again . The Stones get blamed for everything. I don 't get it . This should be it . - What did Skinner want you for ? - Just paperwork . - Mulder , we should have a warrant . - lt 's only the Constitution . No big deal . Dis-feng shui . Sorry to denigrate a third of your trinity , but it looks like Hoffman was killed by one of his own bombs . From dharma bum to dharma bomb . I knew Hoffman was a master potter . It appears he was a master calligrapher as well . Look , we 've got gum arabic and sodium hydroxide here . These would be used to age the ink and the paper prematurely . It 's a forger 's trick . From counterculture to counterfeiter . One more pun and I pull out my gun . Look at that . " Christos . " Looks like a religious text . Can you read Greek ? It 's pretty rusty . But it looks like some kind of lost gospel . A gospel of Mary Magdalene . And an account of Christ 's life on earth after the Resurrection . - After ? - Yeah. lt 's a heretical text . Mythical , but long rumored to be in existence . What would Hoffman be doing with heretical religious texts ? The question is what would he be doing forging them ? I think the real question is what might O 'Fallon be doing with Hoffman 's forgeries ? You don 't need a Weatherman to know which way the wind blows . Don 't shoot . I like the way you guys work . No warrants , no permission , no research . You 're like studio executives with guns . Should I call you Agent Mulder or Mr Mulder ? Or do you have a nickname ? Like Skin Man ? - Just ignore me . - What 's that ? It looks like the same Gospel of Mary Scully id 'd over at Hoffman 's place . So is this a forgery or is this the real thing ? There is no real gospel of Mary . The original would be a fake . So is this a real fake or a fake fake ? It 's me . I can hear you . It 's just your voice is ... It 's like a crackly sound and then I hear a syllable . Stop yelling . Yelling isn 't helping the situation . Just talk . You 're breaking up . Let me call you back . I 'm telling you . I 'm going through a crypt . Oh , my God . Wayne , I 'm sure that it was dark in there , and that your eyes were playing tricks on you . You 've been influenced by ghost stories and horror movies that take place in crypts and graveyards . And you hallucinated this vision of these dancing bones trying to reconstruct this bowl . I didn 't hallucinate . That was mechanical or cgi . Federman , that wasn 't a movie . That was real life . The difference being ? I have got my flavor here . I appreciate all your help . I 've got a movie to write . - You don 't want to get to the bottom of this ? - Not especially . Sometimes truth can be stranger than fiction . Fiction is quicker than truth and cheaper . You want my advice ? You 're both crazy . - Why do you say that ? - You 're crazy for believing what you believe . And you 're crazy for not believing what he believes . I 'll leave you with that . Thank you . I miss him already . I know that Federman 's BS-ing you , so I 'm really hesitant to mention this . But his story reminds me of the Lazarus bowl . We had this wacky nun in Catholic school . We called her Sister Spooky , cos she told scary stories . Twisted sister . That 's my kind of nun . She 'd hold up a piece of wood with a rusty nail in it and say " This is a piece of the cross that Christ 's wrist was nailed to . " Or she 'd show us a vial of red liquid and say that it was John the Baptist 's blood . She 'd be in prison today . You realize that ? She 'd tell the story of when Jesus raised Lazarus from the dead . She said that there was this old woman who was Lazarus ' aunt or something ... spinning a clay bowl on a wheel nearby . And that Christ 's words , the actual incantation to raise the dead , were recorded in the grooves of the pottery , just like the way music is recorded into vinyl . You see ? It 's just not true that you can 't get good science at Catholic school. lt 's a lie . Sister Spooky says that these words in the clay still have the power to raise the dead . - Just like Jesus raised Lazarus . - That is a very cool story coming from you . I 'll have Chuck Burks meet you , see if this clay has Christ 's greatest hits on it . I 'm gonna go have another audience with Cardinal O 'Fallon . There 's music in the air . Everything that exists vibrates and therefore sings . The street , your internal organs , electricity , everything . I 'll show ya . This is my voice , bouncing around in the red here . All this yellow is ambient sound that we habitually tune out . It 's the hum of my hardware , Mulder 's porn tapes on pause , the sounds from the street . Everything we hear , but we don 't know we hear , I can hear it with this machine . What is it ? - Who made this ? - We 're not sure . Either a forger by the name of Micah Hoffman or someone else in the vicinity of Jesus Christ . Bazingo . Whoever did it is a musical genius . This is vibrating in all the keys at once. lt 's heavenly . Can you translate what it says there for me ? Did you recover them from the crypt ? " And then Jesus took his beloved Mary Magdalene in an embrace . " " An embrace not of God and woman , but of man and woman . " " And Jesus said to Mary ' Love the body . " ' " ' For it is all of the soul that our senses can perceive . " ' - How about these ? - These appear to be copies of the original . Rough drafts . - How ? - They 're all forgeries . Did you buy these from Micah Hoffman ? - l thought they were real . - l can understand that . He was a master . They 're virtually indistinguishable from the real thing . The paper is authentic , the ink , the hand , the diction . Hoffman was also an explosives expert . Do you have any idea what he might have been doing with a bomb in the crypt ? Can you think of anybody who might have wanted to kill Micah Hoffman ? Why were you hiding the documents ? When Micah came to me with these , as I then thought , ancient texts , and our experts verified them , he exploded a bomb in my heart . The Christ that I loved was not the Christ in these texts . So you bought them in order to hide them ? To keep others from feeling the despair and the anger that I felt . To protect people from what I can now see they needed no protection from . Why didn 't you just destroy the documents yourself ? I thought they were real . I hated them , I despised them . I would have liked to have destroyed them , but I couldn 't . is being made a fool of a crime ? I 'd be doing life if it were . It 's me . Can you horn in on the Hoffman autopsy for me ? - Why ? - l got a feeling he was dead before he died . He was blackmailing O 'Fallon . Maybe O 'Fallon retaliated . This bowl . Your buddy Chuck Burks says it has properties he 's never seen before . Hold on a second . That 's my other line . It 's Wayne-slash-Federman out in LA . - l can 't really talk about the case . - Skin Man 's keeping me in the loop . Who do you see playing you in the movie ? - l 'm in the movie ? - lt 's a character loosely based on you . It 's more of an amalgamation . Hold on a second . - Sister Spooky , I gotta take this . - l 'll call you after the autopsy . Thanks . How about Richard Gere ? Seriously . What if I said to you the name Garry Shandling ? It sounded like you said Garry Shandling . Garry Shandling signed on to play the amalgamation loosely based on you . And Téa Leoni playing the amalgamation loosely based on your partner . - You stud. it 's called The Lazarus Bowl . - How do you know about that ? The Skin Man . Shandling and Leoni wanna meet you guys . Get your flavor. lt 's an actor-type thing . Come on out to the studio on our dime . We 'll make it nice . Who 's gonna play Skinner in the movie ? Richard Gere . Fracturing of skull and abrasions initially consistent with concussive force injuries . I am now weighing the heart , which is relatively normal . Although somewhat large . I 'll need that when you 're done with it . Oh , my God . - Who are you ? - l am who I am . Noli me tangere , baby . Damn it . What 'd you find ? In Micah Hoffman 's stomach there were traces of red wine and strychnine . Man , oh , Manischevitz . Communion wine , I bet . I bet O 'Fallon poisoned him and put his body near the explosion to cover his tracks . - That 's possible , Mulder . - l could get a warrant for O 'Fallon . You are the one God living in truth . Through all eternity , you live in unapproachable light . Let 's allow the man some dignity . You fill your creatures with every blessing and lead all men to the joyful vision of your life . In ourjoy , we sing to your glory with all the choirs of angels . Holy Lord , God of power and might . Heaven and earth are full of your glory . Hosanna in the highest . Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord . Hosanna in the highest . Lord Jesus Christ , you said to your apostles : " l leave you in peace . My peace I give you . " Let 's get this over with . .. and grant us the peace and unity of your kingdom . Amen . Augustine O 'Fallon , you 're under arrest for the murder of Micah Hoffman . - You have the right to remain silent . - Oh , my God . Do you see what I see ? - l do . - ls that Micah Hoffman ? It is . Misidentification of a corpse and subsequent unrequested autopsy . The dead man looked very much like Micah Hoffman . He had Hoffman 's lD on him . Agent Scully , if I 'm carrying Marilyn Monroe 's purse , would you assume I slept with JFK ? The fbi prides itself on the speedy expedition of its cases . But this is the first time we 've ever pursued a murder case where the victim was still alive . A bomb went off . A crime 's been committed . There 's a body nobody gives a damn about . O 'Fallon 's less than forthcoming , and Hoffman is guilty of forgery and extortion . Agent Mulder , you will leave O 'Fallon and Hoffman alone . Agent Scully , you 'll put your trigger-happy scalpel away . Best-case scenario , you get to keep yourjobs . Worst-case , the Church brings a huge lawsuit against us , which will feature you two as the sacrificial lambs . As of right now , I 'm forcing you to take a four-week leave effective immediately , pending review . This Richard Gere thing is going to Skinner 's head . - We 're off this case . - Compadres . I 've teased out something very fabulous from your pottery there . Layered under the ambiance . Guess what language that is . - l 've had a bad day . - lt 's a dead language . I had a linguist in here to listen to the recording. lt 's Aramaic . That 's the language that Christ spoke . Did your linguist happen to translate it ? It 's in two parts . The first part here roughly translates as " l am the walrus. I am the walrus . " " Paul is dead . Goo goo g 'joob . " There is no Aramaic word for walrus , so it literally says " l am the cowlike sea beast . " - What 's the second part ? - The second part 's a little freakier . Here . What is it ? It appears to be one man commanding another to rise from the dead . Lazarus ? I am become Jesus Christ . I am become skeptical . There I was , totally bumming after Altamont . And I thought " Throw in the towel and go to law school or continue the fight and become a forger of scandalous religious documents . " I suppose that 's a choice every young gifted American male is faced with . I knew O 'Fallon from college . He was a divinity professor of mine . - At Columbia ? - He 's a decent man , but with an overweening pride and sense of responsibility born of a fundamental lack of respect for the human animal . He believes in God , but not in man and man 's ability to choose to live in freedom . He has Christ in his brain but not in his heart . So you created a Christ in these forgeries that was more suited to your particular world-view ? Before I could write like Him , I had to become Him , in much the same way I imagine an actor who plays a part becomes that part . So I immersed myself in Jesus Christ . Notjust the Church and teachings , but the man , the custom of his time , the language , the vibe , the feeling of Christ . Why didn 't O 'Fallon and the elders go outside the Church for authentification ? The forgeries are too damning of the Church . They couldn 't risk the exposure . Then something truly weird came over me . Remorse ? Conversion . The lightning bolt that transformed Saul to Paul on the road to Damascus . One day I was notjust impersonating Jesus Christ , I had become him . That 's why I blew up the crypt . The forgeries were blasphemous and needed to be destroyed . How did your cellphone get on the dead man in the crypt ? God works in mysterious ways . As long as they can think , we 'll have our problems . But those we are using cannot think . They are the dead , brought to assimilate life by our electrodes. lt 's open . It 's an interesting thing when you consider the earth people who can think ... are so frightened by those who cannot . The dead . Couldn 't sleep either ? Plan 9 from Outer Space ? Yeah. lt 's the Ed Wood investigative method . This movie is so profoundly bad in such a childlike way that it hypnotizes my mind and frees up my right brain to make associo-poetic leaps . I started flashing on Hoffman and O 'Fallon . How there 's this archetypal relationship . Hoffman 's Jesus to O 'Fallon 's Judas . Hoffman 's Jesus to O 'Fallon 's Dostoevsky 's Grand Inquisitor . Hoffman 's Jesus to O 'Fallon 's St Paul . How about Hoffman 's Road Runner to O 'Fallon 's Wile E Coyote ? Do you think it 's at all possible that Hoffman is really Jesus Christ ? Are you making fun of me ? No , I don 't . But crazy people can be very persuasive . I know that . Maybe true faith is really a form of insanity . - Are you directing that at me ? - l 'm directing it at myself . And at Ed Wood . Even a broken clock is right 730 times a year . - How ... ? - 42 . You 've seen this movie 42 times ? Doesn 't that make you sad ? It makes me sad . - You ever been to Hollywood ? - A couple of times a few years ago . You 're going to be there in the morning . Just a few minutes from Hollywood in the town of San Fernando , reports have come in of saucers flying so low ... We 've got four weeks ' probation vacation and nothing to do . Wayne 's invited us to LA to watch his movie being filmed . God knows I could use a little sunshine . California , here we come . Agents , I 'm so glad you could hang . I want you to meet the people that are gonna play you . Garry Shandling , Téa Leoni , Agents Mulder and Scully . - Nice to meet you . - Big fan . Fox Mulder . No kidding ? While I 've got you here , maybe you could show me how to run in these things . Right over here . I 'm having a hell of a time in these heels . - How are you ? Can I ask you something ? - Sure . Do you dress to the left or to the right ? What do you mean ? When I play a character , I need to find his center . His rudder , so to say . Then everything comes from that . I guess mostly to the left . - Mostly ? - Most of the time . Most of the time to the left . Wardrobe . - Rolling . - And rollando . Come on . Kick it in the arse . And action zombies . - What is this ? - Cut . Go on , ruin my career . What seems to be the problem , Mr Zombie , sir ? What the hell 's in my mouth ? - What 's Téa Leoni 's shoulder made out of ? - What is Téa Leoni 's shoulder made of ? - Turkey , just like you asked for . - Miss Leoni 's shoulder 's made of turkey . Tofurkey. I asked for Tofurkey . I 'm a vegetarian . Half the zombies are vegetarian . Oh , my God . The people are made out of turkey . It 's me . What are you doing ? I 'm working at the computer , what are you doing ? I 'm packing . Just , you know , getting ready for our trip back to DC tomorrow . I was just thinking about Lazarus , Ed Wood and those Tofurkey zombies . How come when people come back from the dead , they always wanna hurt the living ? That 's because people can 't really come back from the dead . Ghosts and zombies are just projections of our own repressed cannibalistic and sexual fears and desires . They are who we fear that we are at heart . Just mindless automatons who can only kill and eat . Party pooper. I got a new theory . When zombies try to eat people it 's just the first stage . They 've been dead , so they do the things they missed from when they were alive . So first they 're gonna eat . Then they 'll drink . Then they 'll dance and make love . I see . So we never get to stay with them long enough to see the gentler side of the undead . Exactly . Hold on a second. lt 's my other line . It 's Skinner. I hope I didn 't catch you at a bad time . I 'm just at the computer . I want to apologize for coming down so hard on you over the Hoffman-slash-O 'Fallon case . - l appreciate that , Skin Man . - Don 't call me that . - Where are you now ? - Right underneath you. I 'm at your hotel . Right below you and Agent Scully . Federman got me an associate producer credit on the movie . AP Skinner ? So what are you up to right now ? I 'm taking a bubble bath . Hold on just one second . Scully , Skin Man is calling me from a bubble bath . - lt 's still me , Mulder . - Sorry . Just hold on one second . Scully ? Skinner is calling me from a bubble bath . - Wow . He 's really gone Hollywood . - Totally . Speaking of Hollywood , I think Téa Leoni has a little crush on you . Right . Like Téa Leoni 's ever gonna have a crush on me . - l think that Shandling likes you a bit , too . - Really ? I love you , Scully . - No ifs , ands , or ... - Bees . Wait , Mulder. I can 't . I know this feels wrong because we 're friends and we treat each other as equals . It 's not that . What , then ? I 'm in love with Assistant Director Walter Skinner . - That 's it. I just can 't take it any more . - Sit down . What does he have that I don 't have ? A bigger flashlight . I 've been looking all over for you . They got it so wrong . I got a page from the Washington Bureau . Micah Hoffman was murdered tonight . Murdered in his own home by Cardinal O 'Fallon , who then hanged himself . - A murder-suicide . - lt 's Jesus and Judas . It 's all over now . It 's just beginning . Hoffman and O 'Fallon were these complicated , flawed , beautiful people . They 'll be remembered as jokes cos of this movie . O 'Fallon 's character is in the credits as " cigarette-smoking pontiff . " - How silly is that ? - Pretty silly . What about us ? How are we gonna be remembered because of this movie ? - Hopefully the movie 'll tank . - What about the dead , who are silent and can 't tell their stories any more ? They 'll have to rely on Hollywood to show how we lived . It 'll all become oversimplified and trivialized and cigarette-smoking-pontiff-icized . And become as plastic and meaningless as this stupid plastic Lazarus bowl . I think the dead are beyond caring what people think about them . Hopefully , we can adopt the same attitude . You do know that there aren 't real dead people out there ? That this is a movie set ? The dead are everywhere . Well , we 're alive . We 're relatively young . - And Skinner was so tickled by the movie ... - l bet he was . that he 's given us a Bureau credit card to use for the evening . Come on . - l have something to confess . - What 's that ? I 'm in love with Associate Producer Walter Skinner . Me too . Visiontext Subtitles : Marisa Castle de Joncaire US english
