 Hello , John Oh , at last At last ! Yes Sorry to wake you , sir , but ... I think we 've finally done it On my way Crichton Pilot , can we keep going ? We can do anything if the ' others ' want to . But ... Well then , can we turn around ? I am sick of running to the ends of the fekik just because he 's got a ballium up his butt ! I have explained this to you ! You have explained it to all of us ! Over and over and over The deep space variances we encountered indicate that we could ... We could be somewhere near a wormhole The variances ' could ' also indicate a ' trillion ' other possibilities , none of which have anything to do with ... wormholes Guys , I know ... that you have been patient No . No more No more , I have had it up to Krasacs Bow with patience - Pip , no , Chia , come on , Chiana , don 't ... don 't ... don 't ... don 't - Pilot - Don 't ! Look ... look ... - ... get us out of here remember the ship , in the wormhole ? ! I saw the Three Stooges ... the broadcast ! I 'm with Miss Monochrome Let 's just get the frell out of here D , come on , man . Look , it 's the Stooges ! I gotta ... I gotta ... l-look , it 's-it 's Earth , it 's home ! I know , I 'm a little ... a little obsessive , but ... I gotta John , we have been searching for ten solar days I mean , come on , enough is enough You saw that broadcast through a wormhole , and you know as well as I do ... your home could be anywhere Pilot , you game to continue ? I 'm afraid the others would object But there is something else now , too What ? Moya 's approaching an electro-magnetic cluster All of her scans indicate it 's benign , but ... That was the cluster , right ? We just passed through it Pilot , are we okay ? Everything ... seems fine Pilot ... there 's something in ... Is anybody having any ... problems ? D 'Argo ? Chiana , where are you ? Pilot ... ! What 's the matter , Crichton ? Light came in here Moya 's sensors registered nothing Oh , look ... right after the cluster ... there was that-that light , it ... Abbott ! Crichton ... What 's the matter ? ! Chia ! you okay ? ! Yeah , yeah , I 'm fine - You all right ? ! - Yeah , yeah , yeah . You look terrible , what 's the matter ? I cr ... could ... the light that came into Moya ... went through me ... and , and , and it just , like I , I bled I bled Okay Am I cut ? Let me see Am I cut ? ! No , there 's nothing there You sure ? ! Oh , yeah ! Are you sure you bled ? Yes , I-I bled ! You don 't make som ... Like a ... it was like a lake of blood ... it was biblical ! Crichton ... you 've barely eaten or slept in ten solar days , maybe you imagined it Nobody imagines things like this Okay ... Here Right here What ? what am I supposed to be looking at ? There 's blood ... blood . It was right ... here Pilot , did you , did you register an electric surge down here ? Nothing I told Crichton that What ? What are you , What are you lookin ' at ? ! You think I 'm makin ' this up ? All right Go eat ... and then go bathe , because you stink Hold still Hold still , and quit your whinin You know you got my blood in here Can 't have vaporized it all Nothin Nothing , nothing , nothing Oh ... Oh , god ... Oh , god ! What 's happening to me must have to do with that cluster we passed through ... the , the , the light ... thing ! Crichton , I told you . All scans indicate the cluster was harmless ! It was not harmless , run the scan again ! Look , look ... I , I , I ... maybe I imagined the light thing , but I bled ! And I have the blood to prove it And I 'm not cut anywhere ! There could be another explanation for what 's happening When ... Kaarvok duplicated you on the diseased Leviathan , perhaps he ... You think maybe Kaarvok did something to me ? That , that my body is breakin ' down ? I 'm sorry , but it is possible What , what is going on ? ! My chamber is boiling hot , this place is leaking Well , Pilot says he 's having some troubles ... with the internals - He says he 's working on it - Crichton ... calm down . You 're tired , it could all turn out to be nothing Nothing ? I am bleeding , and I have no wound ! So , I 'm either ' St John of the Uncharted Territories ' , or there 's something very , very wrong with me What , what would you like us to do ? I want all of you to watch me in case I have another episode , a bleed , whatever you want to call it I 'm sorry , as much fun as that sounds , I don 't think so Pip , stop okay ? You know ... look , I thought that I was the real me , and that that other guy , the , the guy on Talyn ... that he 's the clone , but I 'm startin ' to think maybe I 'm the photocopy Crichton ... this has nothing to do with the split . Just sleep You 'll be fine No I 'm not imagining this Watch me ... please All right , John Sit down , and ... Girls ... we will all sit down ... and watch John after we 'll go What if I have to piss ? Well then , we will all urinate together You promise ? You havin ' fun yet ? Galaxies of it Can we go now ? No - Sorry , but I 'm not gonna sit here ... - No Whoa ! There 's water everywhere Where 'd that come from ? That bucket 's overflowing already ? Oh , yeah , see ? ! See , see , see ... told ya ! Strange things are happening ! Now , I had this DRD record us , he 's gonna put it on the clamshell ! You havin ' fun yet ? Galaxies of it What 's going on ? We 're not moving Can we go now ? No - Sorry , but I 'm not gonna sit here ... - No ! Whoa ! What happened to us ? ... There 's water everywhere Where 'd that come from ? All the scans indicate normal All right , well , let 's seek official approval , shall we ? Sir , the prowler retained it 's integrity on the last six reentries No gravitational distortions ? No Nothing Electronics , biomass indicators , all within acceptable parameters And now you want to send a Peacekeeper ? He has oscillation ratings With respect Scorpius , With respect Scorpius , biomass reentry will work . Your ... indecision is wasting time Oh , what he means , sir ... the wormhole is degenerating , and stabilization has been unsuccessful so far If , if we don 't complete our trial soon , it will delay us ... to find another wormhole So , can we please get started ? You demanded my transfer here so I could master wormholes and create the weapon you desire You did not transfer me here to wait for your permission as if you were my mother ! It is now time to proceed with biological trials Right , son Well Deploy him Clear the hangar area Standby for manual Prowler Launch Best I can figure , we were out for about half an arn How can that be ? Well , perhaps Moya lost atmospheric pressure and we blacked out and lost time We were doing a lot more ... than just losing time I think , but I 'm not sure ... but I think ... I may have lost time earlier Before I changed into this I was running a soak and the water was warm Instantaneously ... it was cold Why didn 't you tell us this ? Well , I just thought it was a heating coil malfunction Anything strange happen to you guys ? I live on this ship , something strange always happens Not like spasming Before ... my first episode , I saw some kind of light , Moya passed through an electromagnetic cluster Now , Pilot says it 's harmless , but it 's gotta be related Pilot , you run the long range re-scan on that cluster yet ? Pilot ! Pilot ! You okay ? Where are the lights ? Pilot ! Is he breathing ? I don 't know Oh , hezmana , he stinks ! What happened to us has happened to Pilot , too Does anybody know how to check his pulse ? It 's behind the neck , in between the vertebrae Right Get back ! Get back ! Get back ! Apologies But you must stay back For one of you , judgment starts now Judgement ? What the hell are you talkin ' about ? Pilot 's gone I am in him now Apologies Tried to taste without your knowing , Taste ? ! ... but you discovered Get back ! Don 't know how to ontrol this body ... this ship , yet Must slow down . This body cannot contain me Then get out of it Please ... I will not harm your Pilot I can stay in him a short time to find the diseased Energy Rider My group probes could not detect who it occupies What 's an Energy Rider ? We live in clusters When you passed through ours ... a diseased Rider escaped on your ship Are you saying ... there 's a diseased alien in one of us ? Yes I must taste you , alone now , to find it What the fek are you talkin ' about ? What is he talkin ' about ? ! Shoot him . Shoot him , you 're the warrior , shoot him now ! All right , with what ? My nose ? Shoot him ! It 's Pilot , we 're not gonna shoot him Why not ? ! Fek up , Jool First law in my world : " Don 't hurt the body . " Rider ... I am not here to hurt you Reveal yourself , I do not wish to hurt these others Must calm this Pilot Do not try to ambush me I will know ! Does anyone know what 's going on here ? I don 't know , do you feel any different ? What do you mean , " different " ? " Different " , like I might have a diseased alien in me , " different " ? No ... I don 't feel like that Actually , now that you mention it , I 've been feeling a little angry That 's normal for you Jool ... wrong way Why do you believe a word that thing inside Pilot 's saying ? I don 't have to believe it , Chiana But something made me bleed , and it made all of us shake like a sheep in Arkansas Well I think I should just grab my Qualta Rifle , stick it in it 's mouth and say , " Hey , get out of Pilot . " And what if it says no ? Run a full vessel scan , see if we have control of anything on board I hate to point out the obvious but , if ... something is inside us , I think it likely , since you had the first symptoms , that you 're the infected Kiss my butt , if I 'm Linda Blair , why am I telling ' you guys anything Well , it 'd be the smart thing to do if later you need to appear innocent I 'm not that smart I thought of that ... I still think you 're the best candidate All right , opinion noted . Leave me alone D 'Argo , what 'chu got ? Nothing . I can 't get control of anything Me either . The damn thing in Pilot left us with squat You know , it is possible that we 're fine , and , and Pilot 's the only infected one Why ? What could it possibly want ? I dunno Maybe he 's crazy Sounds feked to me I think we should all get a Transport Pod out of here now Weren 't you listening ? We have no control If that thing in Pilot doesn 't want you to leave ... you 're not leaving Look at the lights ! Look at the dripping water ! That thing is not controlling everything Maybe I 'll get lucky Good luck Unified plan , as always Auto-retrieval and bio-fluctuations appear normal Then why is your pilot not responding to our comms ? I suspect , um ... antenna burn out Vessel integrity is definately intact Well , open it Your Pilot 's integrity is , ah , well ... it is definately not intact There must be a malfunction in the negative shield deployment This will never happen again Oh , it 'll happen once more . Inspector Drillic ... will pilot the next trial Wash out the prowler for immediate deployment Scorpius , I 'm not flying the next trial I 'm afraid that , uh ... Braca will insist Drillic is ... Project Leader , he ... And what is your name ? Strappa , Co-Kura Strappa Strappa Well , Strappa , you are now Project Leader , and perhaps ... now that you know what to expect ... you can discover exactly what went wrong here Yes Scorpius , we had to run Sebacean trials , it was time ! Don 't , don 't send me ... Scorpius ! Scorpius ... All right , D We 'll try it your way Be cool Luxan , you cannot ambush me I have my weapon pointed at your face I don 't think I 'm doin ' too badly Now ... I would like to see ... the ' real ' Pilot I am trying to save you pain , I wish you would believe that , but since you ... ask D 'Argo , Crichton , he 's ... not lying , there is a creature ... in one of you Please , get it out ! Get it out ! Please Help me find the rider The longer it remains in one of you , the more damage it will do Why don 't you jump into us , like you did Pilot ... find it yourself ? The Rider is a child , it can possess you If I did , my power would destroy you And what did it do ? Why do you want it so bad ? This Rider stays too long and diseases minds Gives only desire and despair How do we know which one of us it 's in ? Rider had to burrow in quickly It will not know details of the heart . Sire , siblings , your private world Lo 'laan was my wife , uh , Jothee was my son , he slept with Chiana , who was my ... fiancee My dad 's name was Jack My dog 's name was Hubble I lost my virginity to Karen Shaw in the back of a Four-By How old were you ? Sixteen I was seven Chiana , what 's your brother 's name ? You know what my brother 's name was Just answer the question You were right Couldn 't even open a Transport Pod to see if ... What 's going on ? Boys are playing detective What , that thing in Pilot tell you to do this ? You don 't know the answer , do you ? Nerri Okay , good ... good with the " Nerri " . Now , question 2 : Did you , or did you not ... kill Sakis ? His name ... was Salis And you don 't even know if I killed him Yeah , well ... you stay there What are you doing ? That creature in Pilot says whichever of us is infected won 't know personal details None of you know anything personal about me I could make everything up , I could lie ! Well , we know how you got frozen in the Stasis Chamber Tell us , and the truth I ah ... I ... discovered a Noatian gem mine The guards caught me , they sold me to Grunschlk , end of pathetic story And what about your cousins ? How 'd they get frozen ? They waited in the village for me , they got sick , and ... That is not what you told us before I was lying before ! I 'm sorry , Princess I think you just elected yourself most likely Have you found the infected ? Yeah . Take Jool No , we haven 't found that thing yet Apologies Must begin now Do you suspect this female ? No they don 't ! No , no , no . We need more time I 'll try not to take ... long John , we cannot let them take Jool I know , I ... Look , hey , just don 't ... take anybody yet We don 't ... I 'll try not to hurt ... much Stop , no ! What are you doing ? Stop ! Let her go ! Piloto ! Whoever you are ! Stop now ! Did you get it ? Did you get that thing out of her ? ! No . It is well hidden I have not found my rider Apologies Stuff the apologies , fekik . Is it in her or not ? I am not certain It could still be in this female , or in one of you I 'm afraid I must taste each of you in turn This is all the Rider 's fault Is she all right ? She 's breathing D 'Argo , come on . I got an idea No , I 'm comin ' with you Uh-uh . Chiana , somebody has to stay with Jool No , no , no . Not me . Not this time All right , you two go . I 'll stay here We 're gonna have a little chat Moya must know that there is something seriously wrong with Pilot We gotta get that thing out of him Does she have any idea how we can do that ? You understand any of this ? No All right , we don 't understand the R2-D2 crap We 're gonna use the Star Trek system One blink for yes , two blinks for no You understand ? Good Will you help ? Where are we ? Below the Neural Cluster I heard Pilot once say there 's a ... chamber down here where he has no sense receptors , kind of like the human brain Pilot can 't feel anything Can 't find us down here Starburst Chamber This must be where the energy of Starburst first coalesces From in here , can we get that thing out of Pilot ? I don 't know What the hell is that ? Do you think it wants us to push something ? You 're asking the wrong cowboy Where 'd DRD Pike go ? Oh , forget about it Hey , yo , Chiana Don 't , don 't touch anything Don 't be a trak It wouldn 't have brought us down here for no reason Hey , Moya You want us to push this ? Chiana , don 't push it ... Turn it off ! Turn it off ! How ? Hit the button again ! Was that a Starburst blast ? No , if it was Starburst , we 'd be dead Moya must have shut it down Why would Moya want us here for this ? I have no idea ... unless ... Unless what ? Unless , ah ... I get some more schematics I don 't know You ... know Know ? Know what ? You ... saw ... saw ... Saw me Show ... gla , glad to ... show ... Mmm , so good Feels ... good Chi , what the hell are you doin ' ? Taste ... taste ! Love to try this body Okay , whatever you are , you can get the hell off me This body ... wants you Fear ... no fear of me Tallip , he lies , lies Tallip 's that thing in Pilot Heard him say I hurt this body ... not true Love this tight body ! Whoa , oh yeah , yeah , we all love this body . Okay You ah , sit we 'll sip later . I 'll call you . You 're in the book , right ? Tallip wants to kill me That 's why I hide I hide when your ship pass Mistake Only four here , only four , not take long to find me Not-not long Tallip ? Tallip likes pain After me , he kill ... You Tallip said ... that if you stay in Chiana you 're kill her Tallip ... lies I not lie Good god . what did you just do to me ? Sip ... sip Inspire Tallip is pain Not me okay That ... that , tha 's good But it doesn 't prove anything Won 't hurt your friend Just ... must hide Get me ' way , to where there are many Tallip not find , if there are many Please ? Fine , I 'll , ah ... I 'll talk to my friends You , you 're gonna , you 're gonna stay here You 're , you 're safe here How I know ? Trust you ? You don 't But I 'm a guy , I 'll probably be back in fifteen minutes That 's not natural Good god ! Braca You 're busy , I 'll come back later , sir No , no , no . Come in , come in Braca Why is that Crichton , a human , can survive wormhole reentry ... and a Sebacean cannot ? Well , perhaps there 's some information still hidden in the chip we took from Crichton 's brain Perhaps Do you know why you 're my Second-in-Command , Braca ? No , sir Because you don 't ask questions But have you ever asked yourself , Braca , why do they give us so much rein ? Chasing Crichton Researching wormholes Well , like you said , sir , I don 't question High Command Would it surprise you to learn , that the Scarrans ... are planning a massive assault against us , but they haven 't , because ... Because they fear our hidden wormhole weapons We have no hidden weapons We lied ... and I think the Scarrans are beginning to suspect that High Command reports ... that they 've been massing armies By latest estimates , Scarran Warriors outnumber Peacekeeper Soldiers ... ten to one But , if and when they attack , we will lose , Braca Unless we harness a superior weapon Yes , wormhole technology , without it , the Sebacean race will be overrun Thousands of cycles of history , gone There 's so little time Sometimes I feel ... it is already inevitable All right , we gotta talk You let me in the Starburst Chamber to find that thing in Chiana , didn 't you ? Yes Does Moya want me to reveal it to Tallip ? And what if Tallip ... is lying ? calm do ... calm down ! I know you 're freakin ' out about Pilot , but if that thing in Chiana 's not diseased ... does Moya still want me to betray it ? Okay If it touches me again , D 'Argo ... I will die ! I found the Energy Rider , it 's in Chiana , she 's hiding in the Starburst Chamber Tell Pilot , and get that thing off Moya now ! It might be ... a little more complicated than that I sense your anger . I did warn you , tasting would be ... painful We 've hidden the Rider , and you will never find him So let 's make a deal You turn the ship around , head back to your cluster , we 'll tell you where the Rider is , and you two can play , " Pick the friendly alien in your neighborhood . " How do I know one of you is not infected , that this is not the Rider 's plan ? It 's not This plan is so bad ... it has to be ours Okay ... I choose I not ... not leaving No ... no Crichton thought you were safe here ... but he was wrong What 's going on ? " What 's going on ? " ... Get up ! Why the pulse pistol ... Princess ? Crichton told us ... you 're the one Now ... get up ! Okay ... I 'm the one ... Get up ! I 'm the one ... Get up ! Move ! Okay ... okay ... you , you right ... no , no Chi ... poof ! They can 't fool Jool ... too , too smart Your human must say ... I not bad ... not , not bad Jool ! What are you doing ? I 'm taking her ... to Pilot Look that Demon 's got D 'Argo ... Get out of my way ! There 's no need to ... No more talk ! Let me go Tiny brains ... no more talk ! Let ... me ... go Please ... pretty please I give them Please let go Okay , so , everything Tallip said about you was true Yes ... desire ... they stay ... Hey cupcake , have you noticed the lights ? They 're not pulsing anymore Your friend must be done with D 'Argo Tallip , take the Rider , but don 't hurt Chiana ! Tallip ? Tallip ... you 're killing her ! Tallip ! Crichton , she 's alive The thing 's out of her , she 's alive Is that it ? You finished ? Yes I have killed the Rider That 's what it said you wanted to do Turn Moya around , head back to your cluster and leave us the hell alone No , human I love this now I have mastered this body and your ship And now ... I am going to stay I thought you couldn 't stay in Pilot Never knew it could be like this So good ! The Rider was right ... it is perfect to stay too long , perfect Moya will never accept you Moya will do what I command ! Now go ! Take the Luxan with you ... ah , so I can ... enjoy this Thought I might find you here Moya ... you were right , I should have given the Rider to Pilot when you said , but I still think he would have screwed us . Don 't you ? Okay , I got a new plan , it 's a better plan ... but I need your help , okay ? Is she okay ? Yeah All right , I need you to go to the Neural Cluster , Tier 7 . D 'Argo 's waiting there for you What 's happening ? Just go ! The less said the better D 'Argo will tell you what to do Pip , I need your help . Can you walk ? No Oh , God Moya 's going to try to direct some Starburst energy into the Den Won 't that kill Pilot ? Not if we time it right We get the Demon out , we kill it , and Pilot lives So , that the only plan we got ? That 's it Okay . What do you want me to do ? All right D 'Argo and Jool are gonna spook the thing I 'm gonna press an override panel in Pilot 's Den . I 'm gonna comm you You join these two circuits together , DRD Pike 's gonna do the same thing over there You remember what happened here last time , don 't you ? I 'm not talkin ' about the sex thing That was great , but I 'm not talkin ' about it Starburst blast Right Well , this one 's gonna be a gazillion times stronger , Chiana , so you got ten microts to get your ass outta here Plenty of time Chiana ? Do you understand what you have to do ? Yeah , easy - You comm ... - Yes - I join ... - Yes Leave Very good Plenty of time DRD Pike ! Keep an eye on her ! I 'm awake ! I 'm awake ! What are you doing here ? Oh , relax , Casper . I 'm not here to interrupt your blissing Too much makes you go blind though , you know What do you want ... human ? I want you to take us to the shipping lanes Then we can all get off this boat , and you can continue what you 're doing uninterrupted Okay ? What 's the matter ? Stay away ! It 's your Pilot , I think this body is ... Monitor his internal circulation rate Circulation rate I-I can 't find the circulation rate ! What ? Oh , perfect ! What ? No circulation rate means he 's dying , numbnuts . You 're killing Pilot ! I couldn 't be ! I gauged that this body could sustain me You must 've gauged wrong ! Stay back ! I 'm stayin ' back . I 'm stayin ' way back , and watching you die If I die , you 'll all die ! I 'll vent every chamber on this ship ! Whoa , there 's no reason to be vindictive ! We can figure something else out ... Moya ... Moya 's a living ship ! Yes Well , if she 's alive , then ... It will have neural capacity More than enough to hold me till we could get back to my cluster There you go ! Yes I will go into Moya ! Now , Chiana ! Chiana , now ! Chiana , it 's leaving Pilot Do it ! Chiana ! If it get 's into Moya , we 're screwed ! What ? ! Chiana ! All right , I 'm up , Hey , Pip ! Get on it ! Okay , I 'm up , okay , here , here we go Here we go I 've done it Great , Chi Now get out of the Starburst Chamber ! Now , Moya ! Now ! Pilot , put the claws away , we can function without Moya being perfect for a while I can 't stop There are ... hundreds of little things not working right in her I feel like I had a spiritual enema Well , take a break , dude Unless ... anybody wants to go look or the Three Stooges broadcast again ? That 's a no . Take the rest Hey , Doc How come I bled and you guys didn 't ? Well , that 's obvious You bled because you are an irritating and inferior species Good night Good night Chiana , Chiana , you had that thing in you longer than any of the rest of us You feel any different ? No I just feel like fek D 'Argo ... you still down in the cluster ? No , he 's not down there He 's here No ... he 's down in the cluster How did you know that ? What ? How did she know what ? No , no ... don 't , don 't tell me I don 't really wanna ... I just wanna sleep ... I 'm gonna go get some sleep Hello , John Now , you tell me ... everything you know about wormholes - Look ! - Everything ! I found it ! I ... You found nothing , Scorpy ! You missed it ! You missed the whole thing ! Game over !
