 Very nice . It 's a cocoon . Look at this Lepidoptera Praegrandis Nigrum if I 'm not mistaken . Challenger ? The treehouse is this way . This Praegrandis would make an extraordinary specimen , the wingspan of over two feet now . Were almost out of food and ammunition . Why not leave the bug hunting until the next trip . The women were expecting us home yesterday . Where is your scientific curiosity ? Those women can look after themselves . You know Malone , I 've a good mind to leave him . Do you think he 'd notice . Ahhhhhhhhhh Ahhhhh Why didn 't I think of that ? Put your head up We 've got to get him back to the tree - house . These gashes look pretty deep . We won 't make it that far if we can 't stop the bleeding . At the dawn of the last century A band of explorers searched for a prehistoric world Driven by ambition Secret desires A thirst for adventure And seeking the ultimate story They are befriended by an untamed beauty Stranded in a strange and savage land Each day is a desperate search for a way out of the Lost World It would be all right Does your comrade still live ? Yes he 's badly hurt . What about your friend ? Alive barely . He needs attention right away . There 's nothing we can do for him here . We have to get him home . Our village is near . We have people skilled in healing . Lead the way Building a shower ? I 'm trying to fix the hydraulic system on the elevator . Isn 't it Malone 's turn to do maintenance ? I 'm tired of waiting . No no no no no ... don 't fall into that trap . What trap ? As soon as there 's a dirty job to be done the men magically disappear . I really don 't mind . What is this ? One of Malone 's shirts . Aren 't you the least bit worried about them ? They said they were going to be back yesterday . I bet they found something far more exciting than household maintenance . Wait here . You 've got to help him . We were told that you had people who ... These men stood by our warriors in a battle with the raptor . Take this man to my quarters I will see to him myself . Welcome them Thank you honor them . Seems to have gone awfully well don 't you think ? I 'm going to look for them . You can do whatever you want . Look Challengers probably got them chasing after some rare revolting insect with a hundred and fourteen legs . Or they 're lost . They 'll find their way , they usually do . Okay , you can stay here , by yourself . No I better come with you . We should stick together . No bones were broken he was lucky . Where am I ? It 's all right George you 're in good hands . Don 't worry - he will recover . Fruit ? Eat . Drink . It was a long haul with that stretcher . Would you like to bathe ? . Have your muscles rubbed with oil . Maybe later . Anything you like . Just ask . Where are the men of the village ? There are no men . None ? No , there never have been . There was a famous tribe of woman they were called the Amazons . We have been called that name , by people we have met in battle . Have you ever heard the term Aiorporta ? That sounds like fun . Is it ? It 's Greek . Oh It was what the Scythians called the Amazons . We 'll be back . Man killers ? The Scythian legend said the Amazons kept men for one purpose only procreation . You say it like it 's a bad thing Malone . Then they slaughtered them along with all the male babies . Our society isn 't based on a hatred of men . It 's based on a desire to exalt women . Let them be all they can be without having to depend upon men . You certainly don 't need men of medicine . I can attest to that . There are young girls in the village . Who fathered them ? We regularly join together with men from villages for celebration babies often result . And what happens to the male babies ? Men raise the male children we raise the female we don 't kill babies Mr. Malone . We believe in celebrating life not destroying it . Much like our custom of educating boys and girls at separate schools . And we all know what a big success that has been . We 're not saying that everyone must live this way . Our way is best for us . Quite so – What is fascinating is the world 's infinite variety of customs . If you are typical of the men of your tribe . I 'm sure your women must be very satisfied . Yes well speaking only for myself of course . One does try to be fair . But no society is perfect of course . I think your friend needs more time to recover . If you have no further questions ? No please . Yuck Shhhhh Don 't shush me . This stuff is disgusting . We 're in cannibal country . Pterodactyls , something must be dead over there . Or somebody . Come on . Something still feels out of whack . Yes well why wouldn 't it ? It 's been a very long time ... since either of us have seen this many women in one place . A bath. now ? Thank you , no . Well just call us when you 're ready . Thank you , no . Well just call us when you 're ready . Anytime . Forget your schoolboy stories Malone the Amazons were a myth . These women are very real . I still think the sooner we get out of here the better . I think a man would be a fool not to relax and enjoy the scenery . It 's probably just some dead animal Sure - an animal . I hope you 're right . Veronica It 's only a raptor . Thank God . Let 's get out of here before those vultures come back . Where are you going ... more souvenirs ? We have to find the men right now . Yeah sure that 's why we 're here . Just give me an hour or two to catch my breath . Run Marguerite Run Now ! Come on this way . Who 's coming to dinner ? We 're having a special celebration to honor you and your friends . How 's the woman who was injured ? Recovering very well . That 's good . Are you carving a roast ? These are for the games . We have games every celebration for sport . Women only . we wouldn 't want the men to get hurt . Are you a swordsman ? Some might say . I wouldn 't mind warming up . Whatever you like . Thank you You 're good . You 're not so bad yourself . Warming up ? Warming up nicely thank you . There are women in the village who do sewing . Yes well why do I get the feeling you 're not one of them . Had enough ? I wouldn 't want to finish before you . I think we 've both had enough – for now . Maybe they 're not hungry . Maybe they just want to talk . Do you want to stop and ask ? No just trying to be optimistic . That 's a change . How are you feeling ? Much better . That woman is a miracle worker . So you 'll be able to travel sooner than we thought . You 're not still on about those Amazons are you ? The similarities . They were a mythical race from the other side of the world . How do you think the Amazon River got its name ? Spanish explorers captured a tribe of women ... who fought as fiercely as the men . That was this side of the world . But over three centuries ago . You are free to go whenever you wish Mr. Malone . You 're our guests not our prisoners . You must pardon my friend . He 's a journalist they 're suspicious by nature . How very unfortunate for them . Your friend needs more time to recover . And Lord Roxton seems to be enjoying our hospitality . I wish I could convince you to do the same . We 're grateful for everything you 've done for Challenger but our friends will be worried . The decision to leave is yours . But I won 't be able to spare any warriors to escort you . That 's all right I won 't need an escort . You 're a brave man . You 're not afraid to travel alone through cannibal territory . Cannibals ? That 's the way you came . Well perhaps I will wait and see how Challenger 's feeling tomorrow . I 'm sure he 'll be feeling much better after the celebration . Now what ? Start talking if you think it will do any good . I knew we should have waited at the treehouse . I think you 'll have to do better than that . I don 't know anymore . Where can I get a knife like that ? I 'll explain on the way . Don 't be frightened . It 's only a necklace . Thank you ... it 's very nice . We were worried you were going to leave . We 're glad you 're staying for the celebration . Yeah I wouldn 't miss it . Excuse me ladies I 've gotta go now . Can we come too ? No I think it would be better if I went by myself . Well don 't go too far . We 'll give you a head start . Help us ! Save us ! Who are you ? Prisoners like you . I 'm not a prisoner . Let us loose we can help you . They 're she devils you 'll see . They 'll feed you to the cannibals . What the hell 's going on here ? You , come with us . After the Amazons mate with the men the cannibals show up . You mean afterwards they give them to the cannibals to eat ? They don 't give them they trade them for supplies . Talk about love 'em and leave ' em . That 's why the cannibals stopped fighting when they saw the knife . They thought we were an Amazon . I see , it 's kind of like eating your butcher . How do you know all this ? When my parents disappeared the women used to help me out every now and then . When I got older they invited me to join them . I can imagine the initiation . I didn 't want to join a tribe . I wanted to find my parents . And you think Roxton , Challenger and Malone are with these women ? Well everything points to it ; the shell casings , the cannibals gathering . Celebration tonight and in the morning they get handed over ? Just in time for breakfast . Let 's go . You are determined to believe we are the scourge of mankind . Is this absolutely necessary ? He broke into the prison he was going to release the men . I heard voices I didn 't release anybody . But you know there didn 't seem to be a lot of ... celebration of life going on down there . They were prisoners of war captured in battle . Battles we did not start . This is their world Malone and scientifically speaking it 's not right for us to apply our standards to them . If you do not have prisons in your homeland or wars with your neighbors . We would be very interested in finding out how you made it so . Anyone want to describe the resounding success of the League of Nations ? What happens to the prisoners ? We use them to work the fields and for building . And we exchange them for women who have been captured . You can imagine what our enemies do to captive women . And at times of celebration we release a number of men , as you will see . We may be warriors but we 're not without mercy . But now we must get ready for the celebration . You know , Malone , old boy , I refuse to let your misplaced puritan morality ruin what promises to be a delightful evening . You think I 'm suspicious of these women because I 'm a prude ? Do you know there are spiders who eat their mates right after . The praying mantis - she bites his head off during the act and he keeps right on going ... blissfully unaware . What a way to go . Still we best be on our guard . Why are you still here ? You should be getting ready , come on . Hippolita it 's been a long time . This is my friend Marguerite . What sort of a warrior are you ? Well armed and extremely dangerous . We found this in the jungle . Near a dead raptor ? Yes Which means you came through cannibal country . Oh yes . Just to return a knife ? We 'd like to join you . The jungles no place for two women alone . When you were a little girl you ran away from us . I 'm a big girl now . She 's found out a few things about men . Follow me . I hope you know what you 're doing ? Don 't worry . Veronica I 've long wished for this moment . How fortunate that you should arrive today . Just in time for the big celebration . Yes , and once you 're both inducted into our tribe you 'll be able to claim a man . I hope you 've got a good selection ? This year we have a little of everything . The competition will be fierce ; I hope you 're well prepared ? To Strength , Courage and Loyalty - The Virtues of the Warrior Sisterhood . I thought you didn 't believe me ? It 's going to be a long day . If I survive this , I get to make the plans from now on . How the hell did they get in here ? What are they doing ? You 've been practicing I can tell . Any time you wanna give up just say the word . Shouldn 't we ah ? What ? I have no idea . Approach . Congratulations Marguerite you have shown courage . We now induct you into are tribe . Well I 'm glad I didn 't go through all that for nothing . And Veronica if you should win again next year you will be allowed to pick a man . Hippolita ? Him Phoebe Thea you may take Mr. Malone . And you shall be my guest for the night . You initiates get to clean the kitchen . Can we discuss what 's expected here . Why talk . When we can show you . Very nice . You like that ? Ah huh . What else do you like ? The truth ? With all due respect Selena do you really think it ... How else can you fully understand our customs ? I suppose when you put it that way . But I have obligations duties . So do we all . Only this way can we each serve our purpose . You your God of science I the future and security of my people . egh Think the men are having this much fun ? Grab that bucket and come with me . What are we doing ? I get to make the plans now remember . Where do you think you 're going ? To wash these . Can you hold them ? The only part of me that wasn 't already bruised . Let 's go ! go Comfy ? Of course now that I 'm bound you could run . Now why would I want to do that ? Fortunately I have other ways of keeping you here . Now let 's see you try to get away . I wouldn 't dream of it . What kept you ? I wasn 't sure you wanted me to interrupt . She just about broke my neck . Ah I had no idea you went in for the sort of thing John . A complete ruse ; play acting to gain the advantage . They say the best acting comes from life . Well that should just about do it . Oh dear better gag her anyhow . Oh that feels good . Veronica oh boy am I ever glad to see you . Sure , can 't handle just one ? Open your mouth You know we kind of had a tough time getting here . The least you could have done was try to escape . You don 't think I was enjoying this do ya ? Turn over . Do you think its easy fighting off two live energetic young aggressive , aggressive warriors ? You should try it sometime . I did ! You got to watch . Tie her up we need to free Challenger . I tried to tell the others we were in danger . - Shhh - Really I did . I 'm not kidding . - Shhh . Somebody 's coming . It 's no good , Selena 's place is surrounded by guards . It would take an army to get him out . Or a major diversion . All right . This way . - Go , go get out here . - Come on , hurry . Inside . Sound the alarm the prisoners have escaped ! Let 's go . Any closer he dies No a celebration was worth it . We should have left when we had the chance . And when did we have the chance ? Challenger was injured . So that 's how you got yourself into this predicament . Thanks for dragging us into it . Seems to me you invited yourself . Any suggestions on how to get out of this predicament . It pains me that you sided with the men . These men are my friends Selena . Please let us go . You would have made a great warrior . Great warriors don 't kill innocent people . Challenger I felt that there was something between us a meeting of minds . Meeting perhaps but not a conversion . This is wrong ! We must defend ourselves . Your friends have released the men who would destroy our way of life . They went away . The men are gone . Do you know how close their village is ? Don 't you understand ? These men will stop at nothing to master you . They were prisoners . All they wanted was to be free . And there is no reason why men and women - can 't strive to live in harmony . - Noble sentiment . But these men will never agree to that . They will attack us as they have always done . Burn them ! Is this what you call harmony ? I told you they 'd be back . Roxton do something ! Thank you Marguerite the thought had occurred to me . Hippolita , cut us loose This is getting out of control . I feel like I 'm back in the trenches . Nothing survives in no mans land . Isn 't that what they used to say ? Do either of you know the quickest way to the jungle . We can 't just leave . Why not ? This isn 't our fight . We released the prisoners . And like idiots they came right back . We started this slaughter Marguerite we have to stop it . You know these people are determined to wipe each other out . I say we leave them to it . No Marguerite , Malone is right we have an obligation here . What ? Get ourselves killed ? Fall back ! We have to help them fight ! You didn 't run . We 're here to help you fight if you 'll let us . All of you ? This battle is insane . We should be worried about the cannibals . You 'll know they 'll be here soon . They are not going to be pleased when you can 't deliver the prisoners . We 'll tell that to them . We didn 't start this war . We 'll it 's about bloody time somebody stopped it . Where the hell is he going ? I think we backed the wrong horse . Too late to change sides . That 's enough ! Fade Away ! Now ! She died in battle . She will be honored . For now – and later she 'll be missed . You all right ? Yeah Isn 't it time you and the men tried to find some way of living in peace . I don 't even know where we 'd start . You could start by joining forces against your common enemy . Because if you don 't those cannibals are going to destroy you both . And if we should drive them away what then ? We 're still women they 're still men can we ever really get along . ? We must try . Do we ? What ? Have to try . Of course – we need each other . Like a cat needs a ball of string . I don 't think I 'll get out of this chair for the rest of the month . Wishful thinking can be very tiring . What about you Challenger ready to sleep for a week ? What ... no I wasn 't thinking about Selena . Ahhh Selena . What exactly did happen between the two of you ? I found her very stimulating intellectually stimulating . Did you serve your purpose ? My purpose ? I 'm not sure what you 're implying . What about you ? Oh nothing . Nothing happened , nothing at all . I mean are you ready to serve your purpose ? Yeah ... sure ... I guess . Good It 's your turn to fix the elevator .
