 Is. any. body . watch. ing ? Doesn 't look like it . They were supposed to signal half an hour ago . Do you think they made it to the signal point ? I see them . - Well what are they saying ? - Take this down ... dot dot dash ah no , dash dash dot It 's a comfort to know anytime I want to call home all I have to do is climb a tree . Quiet Marguerite . dot dot Sorry , didn 't know I was funding an expedition of Boy Scouts . Do you do smoke signals too ? Only if I don 't have my drums handy . - Is that it ? - That 's it . - These mirrors are going to be a life saver . - Absolutely . What 's the message say ? Haven 't got a clue - ... ask them to repeat . - Roger . Raptors ? Malone , see anything from up there ? No why ? There 's something in the bushes . A horse . - A horse ? - My kingdom for a horse . - Where 's his rider ? - Right here . He 's come to take me home . Come here my big beautiful boy . Whoa , whoa , it 's all right . Whoa there big fella . Whoa there.whoa there . You know this horse ? Never seen him before . Now what 's your name huh ? Where is your master ? Ahhhh he wants you to get on . Oh you understand horse I suppose ? Well it 's a fairly direct language . Okay here we are easy does it . He did it . Easy . Roxton come back . Whoo hoo ! Whoa.whoa. now let 's go back . What the hell ? At the dawn of the last century A band of explorers searched for a prehistoric world Driven by ambition Secret desires A thirst for adventure And seeking the ultimate story They are befriended by an untamed beauty Stranded in a strange and savage land Each day is a desperate search for a way out of the Lost World Easy boy . whoa.whoa there big fella , now where are you taking me ? The sulfur mines or the gates of hell ? Well you 'll have to be a bit clearer than that . Open the gates ! Friends of yours ? Nice work . I guess we 're here ; wherever here is . Not what is. what can be . - I beg your pardon ? - Answer the fire . Question the dragon . Fire , dragons ... whatever you say old man . I guess you 'd be the man in charge . - Who are you ? - John Roxton Lord , John Roxton . You have returned the king 's horse . Where did you find him ? He found me actually . You 've come to claim the throne ? The throne ? No , there must be some mistake . Grendel allows no one to ride him but the king . Well I think he made an exception this time . There are no exceptions unless you 're an imposter and you ride the king 's horse through some dark enchantment . Excuse me ? If you 're not the king then Grendel has brought you to your death . Well let 's not get too carried away . Obviously you and the horse know what you 're talking about . I 'm the king . Is that your final answer ? Yes , yes it is . I am the king ! Welcome sire , I am Balar royal advisor to the king . You must be weary from your long journey . Make sure the king 's horse is well taken care of . Where were you ? We were worried . You could have signaled to let us know you were all right . Where 's Roxton I want a word with him . But he 's with you . You mean he 's not here ? Well I guess he 's still out playing with his horse . Horse ? What are you talking about ? Ask Malone , I 'm starved and I 'm having a bath a long one . But do we need to go and look for him ? I 'm not going anywhere . Roxton 's a big boy and he 's got a horse . Drink ! What happened to the last king ? King Sigurd and the royal escort went to hunt the dragon . Dragon ? We hoped that the gods might have spared the king . When Grendel returned with you , we knew we had to except the inevitable and plan for a new beginning . And the horse really understands all this ? Grendel understood every word that King Sigurd said . Well , sounds a little too fantastic for me . Not in our kingdom ; we have always lived with magic . King Sigurd 's disappearance was espe - cially hard on Klaire ; they were to wed . I 'm sorry for your loss . The king is dead ; long live the king ! Long live King John ! Congratulations sire , Klaire now belongs to you for bride and queen . What ? Everything that belonged to King Sigurd now belongs to you . Impressive . - Thank you . - It is our history . And our destiny . You know with all that 's happened , maybe it 's not such a good idea to rush into this wedding . There has been much sadness in the kingdom . A wedding would raise the spirits of the people . Well a celebration would indeed be fine . But , does there have to be a wedding ? Oh , you are they king . If you do not find Klaire suitable , say so , a dishonorable rejection is nothing compared to losing the man she loved . Well if she loved the last king so much , - how can she marry me ? - It is our custom and customs keep us strong . Sleep well my lord . Keep watch over him . I don 't understand sire . Why don 't you just use your magic to become king ? Without the will of the kingdom my magic is wasted . Magic can only set in motion what the people themselves must finish . I see . It will be so much more satisfying when they beg me to be their king . Hmmm.but ? If you 'd had killed the horse when you ambushed King Sigurd we wouldn 't have this problem . Roxton wouldn 't be here . Sorry sire . How will we dispose of Roxton ? You leave that to me ... you dispose of the horse . Yes sire . I don 't suppose you can take me back to where you found me ? I didn 't think so . You know , I 'm not sure what you want from me ... but whatever it is ; I think I 'm going to need some help . So , how about a message to my friends hmmm ... you think you can do that ? You do understand the kings English , don 't you ? What is it ? The horse is gone . Who left the gate open ? Find that horse . Roxton ? Roxton , where are you , come out ? Whoa , whoa there big fella , whoa , whoa . He 's trying to tell us something . Marguerite , it 's a simple language isn 't it ? Roxton quit fooling around . Come here . come on.hello. Ah so you have come for me this time . Well it 's better late than never . Whoa . - He 's a one man horse hmm . - How very old fashioned of him . I think he wants us to follow him . What has Roxton got himself mixed up in this time ? They are here to honor you and celebrate your great victory . And what great victory are we talking about ? Your triumph in defending your throne from him . Another of your customs I suppose ? Your custom too , sire . Oh what a smell this better be a short cut . It 's only swamp gas Marguerite . Methane and hydrocarbons . Highly flammable but they won 't poison us . You are skilled with a quarter staff ? Little rusty actually , since I left Sherwood Forest . The true king has the gods on his side . Tell that to King Sigurd . The king 's horse , to the gates . Open them . What have you done with the king 's horse ? King ? Last time I saw that horse he 'd only let Roxton ride him . Roxton ? How do you know King John ? - King ? - Is he okay ? I would think so . He has a kingdom , loyal subjects and a beautiful bride . Yes , I 'd say he 's okay . Who 's he marrying ? - Who are you ? - Friends of mine , - ... release them . - But they 're armed . Only the king 's guards may carry arms within the village wall . Your friends will have to surrender their weapons until they leave it is our custom . Fine , they will leave their weapons outside the gates . Is this part of the wedding celebration ? A challenge to the throne . The king almost never loses . - Almost ? - Quarter staffs Roxton ? How medieval . I always thought of you as a thoroughly modern warrior . When in Rome . Let 's do it . He doesn 't stand a chance against that brute . Come on We 've gotta help him . It is forbidden to interfere under penalty of death . But he 's your king he could be killed . If he is the true king he will prevail . Don 't stop him . No . Come on , come on My lord , command me as you will . My life belongs to you . Then I shall not waste it . A noble gesture , but it is not our custom to spare the vanquished . Then some of our customs should be revised . As you wish sire . You have given your subjects a reason to celebrate . The king is victorious and compassionate all is well . Our home is your home , the king 's best men are at your service . What a lovely robe my lord . What fine handiwork . Thank you yes this robe has been worn by the king 's advisors for many years . And what does this say ? - Struggle ? - The battle The battle can only be won by the hand of man . - Fascinating . - But what does it mean ? Since the time before man walked the earth good and evil have been locked in battle . It 's all around us neither can triumph without the help of man . Sounds like a solid basis for any religion . It 's what we believe . Why exactly do they think you 're their king ? Because of the horse . The last king died trying to slay a dragon . And only his true successor can ride his horse . There 's a headline . Horse crowns king . Story on page two , king says no thanks and rides out of town with his friends . Let 's not be too quick to abdicate ; royalty has its rewards . Well I may be king but Balar is running the show . How 's that ? Well you may not believe this Challenger but everyone around here says there 's some magic . You 're not falling for that battle of good and evil since before the dawn of time ? Once you know the details , magic can always be explained by science . Good because I 'd love to know how that horses reins magically tied me on to him . You know Balar didn 't tell the whole truth about the ruins on his robe . You could read them couldn 't you ? Ruins aren 't complicated . These described several battles between dragons and kings . Now all the kings were named : Edward ; Stanton ; Dunston . Like it was real history not some fairytale ? Yeah but the dragon was always the same . So the dragon lives forever . Or no king was able to defeat him . And since no one could defeat it , every king had an advisor whose primary task was to keep the dragon in check . Maybe you shouldn 't have pretended to be king in the first place . Well I had no choice . It was either king or imposter . and imposters are killed . Is that your intended ? Does she know what she 's getting into ? Could I see this dragon ? The dragon reigns . Nice day . You 've seen this dragon ? Fire of the dragon cleanse us . I mean seen him , seen him yourself ? Fire of the dragon renews us . Thank you . Any idea where this dragon is ? Seek the answer in daylight not in darkness . Good advise it 's hard to find things in the dark . Written on the walls . written on the walls . the words of the prophecy are written on the walls . What happened to the horse after it brought you here ? Balar 's guards shouted at it and it took off . I told you he was smart . I sent him to find you . Klaire 's very sweet . - And still in love with the last king . - She probably always will be you know . Fine by me . You 're not attracted to her at all ? Oh she 's beautiful . More beautiful than anybody I 've seen ... from this village . It might not be so bad being king for a while . I thought you were the one who said kings don 't last very long around here . Ah but if we got rid of Balar I could be your new advisor . Ah now there 's your battle between good and evil . Fire of the dragon cleanse us . Fire of the dragon renew us . Everybody knows it , not just the beggar . Sounds like a prayer . No it 's an incantation used to ward off what they fear the most . Did he say anything else ? Who cares he 's completely batty . Seek the answer in daylight it 's written on the wall . And is there anything else written on the wall ? Not that I could read . Give these people an F in penmanship . Perfect . Wait a minute . What if he didn 't mean that wall out there ? What if he meant the wall in here ? Which brings us back to the dragon . Look at the background . I think I know that place . Don 't be ridiculous . No really . Well just possibly . You see , Balar called this mural their destiny . Pragor said it was their history . If they think the dragons real then why not the background . - I can get there . - You can 't go alone . What good would that do ? I don 't know yet . But seek the answer in daylight . Veronica take Malone with you , see what you can find . We 'll create a diversion . Hey , you 're not really afraid of this dragon are you ; big strong man like you ? You laugh but the dragon is nothing to be trifled with . - No . What was that ? Oh your poor mind playing tricks on you . You know I 'm off duty in an hour or so . Really ? I could show you . A good time ? You know , if anybody could I 'm sure it would be you but , I 'm really not fun . Who goes ? Two of our guests have escaped , the blonde and the young man . Shall I find them and bring them back ? No let them go . This will serve our purpose better . Come on . Let the dragon awake . The dragon ! The sanctity of the night has been violated . The dragon has been awoken . And how can you know that ? The swamp burns with the dragon 's fire . He awaits our offering . That 's not dragon fire it 's methane gas from the swamp . The flight of your young friends has angered the dragon now the dragon must be appeased . There must be a sacrifice ; so that the village may survive . The dragon is our protector . So we obey the dragon . The fire of the dragon we are cleansed . And so we praise the dragon . The fire of the dragon we are renewed . The dragon praised . Now show us who must shed their blood so the rest of us may live . What kind of chicanery is this ? This is barbaric Balar and as your king I won 't allow it . The dragon must be appeased or we will all be destroyed . There are no dragons ; just fears and superstitions that you 've created . The dragon is as real as you or I. And if you don 't obey the smoke , the people will rise up against you . And if I take the princess as my wife won 't she then be safe from the dragon ? What ? If you marry Princess Klaire she will be safe , but someone else must be selected . It 's just smoke and mirrors . No different than any other magic lantern trick we 've all seen a hundred times before . But the villagers don 't think it 's a trick . Well then ... maybe we should show them that it is . Well even if you do manage to convince my loyal subjects ; what good will it do ? Balar still intends to make a sacrifice . Yes and thanks to your heroics it could be one of us . You wanted me to marry the girl . If we show these people that Balar 's magic is a sham then maybe they 'll rise up against him . Well surely it would be a step in the right direction . Well I hope you 're right . What do we need to do it ? Well , the signal mirrors for starters . Such a good Boy Scout . There , doesn 't that look just like the ridge in the mural ? Okay so what if it is , what do we do now ? Wait and watch . There that 's where we 're going . Here ? Doesn 't look like much . It wouldn 't if they wanted to keep it hidden . It all fits , the mural the beggar 's words ; the sunlight . Now , just move to your right Marguerite . There that 's good . See it 's not the smoke . I was doing it and I can do the same for any of you . Volunteers ? What black magic is this ? What kind of wizard are you ? He is no wizard he 's a man of science . I 'm no different than you are . You have no magic powers . Let us ask the smoke . Reveal to us the charlatan . And who will satisfy the dragon 's wrath ? Stop right there . As king I decree there will be no more sacrifices . King John is right . Once more your compassion has moved the crowd majesty . But you 'll have to convince the dragon in single combat . What ? I guess you got me where you wanted me all along . I don 't understand sire ; where would that be ? Out of the way . Oh not at all , you can still sacrifice your friend . No , this is between you and me . As you wish my lord . Malone . Coffins . This must be the royal crypt . These must be the old kings like on the mural in Roxton 's quarters . Edward , Stanton , Dunstan . What a great place to hide a secret . Yeah , where do we start ? It 's gotta be here somewhere . Well this looks promising . Copy it down . Let 's hope it 's more than the ninth century version of ' Spike was here ' . Marguerite will know . It is time to fight the dragon . - Where is it ? - Approaching the village . What the hell is going on ? Should you fail your friends will be sacrificed to appease it . I thought one sacrifice was enough ? Confrontation annoys the dragon . His rage won 't be so easily calmed now . You will find King Sigurd 's sword at the edge of the village and I will offer up incantations ... for your victory . I bet Sir George got a bigger one . We cleanse ourselves , we are renewed . You best get out of here . The dragon breath ... dragon fire ... nothing can survive dragon fire . I wish you could make some sense . We are all much more than we appear to be . I hope you 're right old man . Written on the wall ... written on the wall . Well I 'll be damned . Oh terrific . What am I going to do with this ? Where 's Balar ? Shouldn 't the king 's advisor be trying to save him ? That 's not your problem ; nor mine . That was definitely not a T-Rex . How do you kill a dragon ? Veronica ? You should find a dentist . Grendel , easy boy about time you showed up . What was that ? I didn 't hear anything . What are you doing ? Don 't touch that . I was just wondering how old it was . It doesn 't matter to you now put it down . Whatever you say . Let go of me . You heard the lady . Quick tie them up . What did you find out ? - The legend is all true . - We found the royal crypt . Can you make any sense out of this ? This we know through centuries of battling the dragon . So purely evil is the dragon that nothing can withstand the dragon fire . That 's it ? Even they say that nothing can beat the dragon ? I didn 't make it up ; I just translate . No that 's not quite what they said Malone . What they 're saying is the dragon can defeat everything . I 'm sorry what 's the difference ? Well it 's a small difference but it 's very important . I think if we 're clever enough we can get the dragon to defeat itself . Even if he is magic . It 's our only hope ; after all we 've seen . I think we have to accept that , for now , there 's magic afoot . Now Malone you take one of these mirrors . Find a spot near the edge of the swamp where you can see the sun and wait for my signal . Veronica , Marguerite you must find Roxton get him to lure the dragon to where Malone is waiting by the edge of the swamp . What are you gonna do ? I 'll meet you there ; just a few final adjustments I have to make . I think we can cook up a real surprise for this dragon . Hurry ! I can 't believe I 'm trying to find a fire breathing dragon . Try fighting one with a sword . Oh thank God you 're all right . How did you get away ? Grendel here knows a short cut . Where 's Challenger and Malone ? Challenger 's got a plan . A good one I hope . Ahhh you have to go back and find the dragon . You looking for me ? Come on ! Come on ! This way fire-bag ! Hurry up Challenger . Balar . He was the dragon . Yes of course , as the runes foretold . His evil magic turned against himself . Best trick I 've seen all day . Here comes the bride . My lord , it would be my life long honor to serve as your queen . Just how are you gonna get out of this one Roxton . You did more or less commit yourself . I was hoping you 'd have a few words of wisdom to save me . Yes , you make a lovely couple . Would you excuse me a minute ; thanks . He understands you . Clear as writing on the wall . May I help you sire ? Sigurd ! How did you know ? He tried to tell me but I didn 't get it . We are all much more than we appear to be . Roxton , you could have had it all . You happy now ? *
