 I never want to see another rock . Let me give you a hand . Thanks . This one looks promising . Nice of you to decide to help us out . I 'm taking inventory . You 're doing nothing as usual . I 'm trying to find something of value in this pile of rock . If we all just help out we 'll get done a lot quicker . It 's the least you can do . No , this is the least I can do . Call me when you 're finished . Damn it . I do not find this amusing ! Could this day get any better ? Quartz . Anybody home ? Well nothing ventured , nothing gained . Oh Oh , how beautiful ! At the dawn of the last century A band of explorers searched for a prehistoric world Driven by ambition Secret desires A thirst for adventure And seeking the ultimate story They are befriended by an untamed beauty Stranded in a strange and savage land Each day is a desperate search for a way out of the Lost World One more to go and your storage shed is empty . Once we carry all these up to my new laboratory I 'll finally have everything together under one roof . Thanks everyone you 're doing a terrific job . I 'll say ; you only left one box for me . I must be hallucinating . Well , you all look exhausted . Why don 't you go for a nice swim I 'll move these up to the lab . That 's very kind of you Marguerite . You haven 't lifted a finger all day and now you want to help ? I want to do my share just like everyone else . I say let 's go before she changes her mind . I 'm with you . Go for a swim you 'll feel better . Hmmm fresh bread is there anything so heavenly . That 's a rare sight Marguerite the homemaker . I don 't believe it ; she 's up to something . Don 't be so suspicious . We 've all had to make piece with what 's happened here . Finally Marguerite 's perhaps made hers . We 're headed out we 'll see you in a couple of days . Not before lunch . You can 't leave on an empty stomach . I promised Assai I 'd help with the wedding . I told you about it yesterday . Oh that 's right I forgot . If I didn 't know better I 'd say you were going to miss us . Of course I am . You be sure to pass on our congratulations to the beautiful bride . Yes and invite the newlyweds back here after the wedding . We could all go on a picnic . Sure Marguerite sounds great . Good luck with the new improved Marguerite . Ah another marvel of jungle engineering . Some kind of Geiger counter I presume ? Yes a very useful piece of equipment to have around . When did you put this together ? I 've been working on it for some time and good thing too . These rocks are Pitchblende . Pitchblende . A natural ore made up of lead , thorium , radium ... and other rare earth elements but mostly its ... uranium oxide . Then it 's radioactive ? Right ... and it produces radon gas which for health reasons ... cannot be allowed to accumulate within enclosed spaces . - In other words back outside . - The sooner the better I 'm afraid - ... sorry old boy . - That 's all right old boy but if I start glowing you 'll never hear the end of it . There you are ? The foods all packed ; are we ready to go ? Ready to go , where Marguerite ? Well on our picnic of course I mentioned it earlier . - I 'm sorry but I won 't be attending . - Oh don 't be such a sourpuss . Good food , sunshine it 'll be fun . What do you say Challenger ? Well I 've never quite seen you like this before Marguerite ... indeed a picnic would be fun . Why don 't you just tell us what you want ? I want to spend the day with the two men I most admire . I 'm flattered . Oh come on you both deserve a break . Well if you put it that way it 's ... an offer we 'd be foolish to refuse . Good I 'll get the picnic basket . I 'll take care of this . Did you have someplace in mind or are we just going to keep walking all day ? As a matter of fact I know the perfect spot to spread the picnic blanket . Over a snake pit perhaps . Oh Roxton let her be can 't you just enjoy being attended to ? I certainly can besides I 'm starving . A Raptor ? I 'll take a look . It 's probably just foraging for food no harm in that . As long as we 're not dinner , stay put . It looks like it 's in pain . - Or very drunk . - Indeed or sick . Uncontrollable movements suggest some sort of neurological disease . I thought it was going to attack . Never mind we 're almost there . Not soon enough for me . What are you doing ? A tissue sample may reveal whether the animal is diseased or not . I can run some tests back at the laboratory . Be careful Challenger it could be contagious . You 're right . Maybe you should leave it alone . Nonsense this could solve one of the greatest mysteries of all time . Why did the dinosaur cease to exist ? What caused its extinction ; definitely a risk worth taking . Right let 's get back to the treehouse ... and disinfect ourselves just in case . What about the picnic ? Sorry Marguerite science never sleeps . Do you hear that ? It 's coming from the altar . Assai ? - Assai what 's wrong ? - They 're gone ... all of them . - Who 's gone , what happened ? - Jarl ! Her fiancé . Not just Jarl all these women they pray for their men to return . All the Zanga warriors are gone . They must have left a sign or something to tell you where they went ? No there 's nothing . - They can 't be far away . - They 're probably on their way back ... to the village right now . - Come on let 's go back and look . - No ! I 'll go take a look you stay here with Assai . Be careful . There 's got to be some simple explanation . People don 't just disappear . So you think some sort of plague may have wiped out the dinosaurs ? Well think about it John , all over the world dinosaurs suddenly becomes extinct . Everywhere all at the same time except for this small pocket . Now why , what made that happen ? Disease . Right like the black plague or Spanish influenza . Suddenly appears out of nowhere and decimates whole populations . Now what we saw today with that Raptor may be the beginning of a sudden and frightening change in the evolution of this plateau . Either that or you invented jelly . What ? Oh that 's incredible . Now what kind of a disease does that ? So , did you see anything ? No sign of the warriors only the village elders and the children are left . Why ? I can 't tell . There was no clue ... no fight , nothing , it just like they took off . Assai ? And nobody saw anything ? Where could they go ? Where 's Assai ? Where did she go ? It looks like the wedding 's back on . Let 's hope so . Jarl welcome back . It 's too late . Something terrible has happened . Where 's he going ? He wouldn 't say he just wanted me to go with him . Come on . There he is . Jarl stop ! We can 't let him get away he needs our help . What the hell was that ? Something very ugly . Veronica he must have been attacked by an animal . We can 't let Assai see this . Keep her away . No , no Assai , it 's too late there 's nothing you could have done . Oh my God . What 's happening ? His body , it 's turning to jelly . What 's happening ? I don 't know Assai . Have you ever seen anything like this before ? We have to get her out of here . The sooner the better . If this is some sort of disease it may have infected everyone in her village . But how ? Something in the food , water maybe . We should get a sample for Challenger . I 'll do that you take care of Assai . Assai we have to go now . The only way to save your people is to ... find out where the warriors went and why . Challenger may be able to help us . We 'll find a safe place to stay tonight . We 'll set off for the treehouse at first light . Another perfect day . Come back here you slippery little devil . Stem cells ? What are they ? These are cells that have the capacity to grow into any ... specialized cell within the body ... skin , nerves , muscles . It appears that this disease ... adopts the cell structure of its victims ... enabling it to quickly move through the entire body . And then ? We can 't be sure . Marguerite shot the Raptor before the disease had run its course . Yes good ol ' Marguerite . All we do know is once the victims are dead ... their bodies turn into this ... jelly . What a way to go . Hey . why the long faces ? Maybe it was some sort of insect . - What ? - That killed Jarl . Ned this probably isn 't the best time . Certain insects inject an acid into the victims that ... digest them from the inside . I read about it . Maybe the warriors were swarmed by flying insects . Don 't you think this is the wrong audience for your wild stories ? We don 't know what happened to the warriors . We 've got company behind us . - Assai ! - What do they want ? I have to find out , wait here . - Assai - These are my people . What do you want ? You must come with us to the caves . Assai , if you want to survive you must come with us . No ! Why are you following us ? Where are the rest of your people ? You can 't go after them . - Why not ? - My people are dead . They warriors are possessed and it 's too late to save them . How do you know ? As children we were taught that the evil spirits ... would possess us if we wandered too far from the village . Every society teaches its children about some sort of ... boogie man to keep them close to home . Yeah but this isn 't a story that someone made up . It 's a real place where people are lured into the spirit world and trapped . You know this place ? It 's called the shining cave ... but only those who have been there know where it is ... by then it 's too late . Since we missed the picnic yesterday I thought we might try again today . Aren 't you the least bit bothered by what Challenger has found ? A sick Raptor , is that unusual ? Marguerite we have no idea how contagious this disease might be . Any one of us could get infected ... if you 're not already . Don 't be silly I 'm as healthy and happy as ever . Like never before ? Where were you the other day when we were moving the rocks ? I went for a nice long walk . To a special picnic place ? - It 's very beautiful . - Yes I 'm sure it is . - What happened to you there ? - I 'll show you everything . I 'll get Challenger . Let Challenger be . You and I should spend some time alone together . You 're the man I love . What the hell ? That 's far enough . Not the brightest things are they ? We need Challenger 's help . Assai you go to the village and warn the others . - Yes - Will you be okay ? Yeah I must go try and save the children . What ? in there ? You want to have a picnic in a cave ? It 's lovely once you get inside . Story of my life . My knight in shining armor . You don 't need your gun it 's perfectly safe . Humor me . Oh you clumsy fool . It can 't be . Challenger ! Malone . Veronica . Come into the lab quickly . And then the skeletons burst out of their bodies ... and tried to kill us . So that 's what happens in the final stages . Then the bodies decompose into jelly . I believe we 've all witnessed what happens in the first stage . What ? Well behavior change , Marguerite . That would explain the Zanga legends about demonic possession . This is something much more than a legend . Oh don 't be shocked . When we get back to England we 're making it official . Marguerite and I are getting married . Ahem , to each other ? - It 's wonderful isn 't it ? - Well , I guess ... congratulations ? - They don 't know what to say . - They can 't believe it . Where did you go just now ? - Why don 't we show you ? - What a good idea . - Now really isn 't the best time . - I still have a lot of work . - Oh you and your silly work . - Come on live a little . - Where are we going ? - Our picnic of course . Well you couldn 't have picked a better day , but do you have enough food for five people ? - I 'll go check the supplies . - I 'll come with you . You 're such a darling . Now I think it 's safe to assume that whatever is causing the change in Marguerite 's behavior is now taken hold of Roxton as well . Now I can 't be sure how much time we 've got . Ready yet ? George what are you doing ? Sit down right now , you two have both been infected . What are you talking about ? I 've never felt better in my life . Trust us , we saw what happened to the Zanga warriors , it isn 't pretty . We don 't have much time . You must let us help you . - We 're your only chance . - Roxton wait . Marguerite please ! You 'll never make it . No ! No ! Her neck is broken . She would have died instantly . Roxton ! And if she was inflicted with this disease or whatever it is . It won 't be long before she starts dissolving into jelly like the other victims . - We have to find Roxton . - You 're right , but until we find a way to treat this disease or at least slow it ... down we can 't save anyone . We can 't just let him go ! Challenger 's right , science is our only weapon . Help me get her up to the laboratory I need to examine her . She looks so peaceful . I can 't believe she 's really gone . A blood and tissue sample may tell us something . I don 't mean to be gruesome but ... is it possible to examine her skeleton ? It 's okay . There may be another way . - Has she starting to ... ? - Decay ? Not yet ... her infection must be less developed ... than that of the Zanga 's or the Raptor . Is this set up going to work ? It 's much like an x-ray . Now , the radiation emitted by the Pitchblende passes easily through the flesh but not so easily through the bone . Now in a couple of hours ... we should have what amounts to a good x-ray photograph ... if she lasts that long . Isn 't there any way to prevent her from ... turning into that ? Well I haven 't found one yet , but we 're doing everything we can . Such spirit lost forever . We have to find a way to stop this disease . It 's something much more powerful than that . You mean something supernatural ? Call it whatever you like . The Zanga children are taught ... evil spirits will posses them if they wander too far from the village . Like the boogie man will get you if ... you don 't behave ; that sort of thing ? Except her story had a very specific place ... the shinning cave . But she didn 't tell you where it was ? No ... she was afraid of it . She did say that it was a place ... where people are trapped ... between the spirit world and this one . Until the two worlds tear them apart . And only the skeletons are left . I know it sounds like superstition ... evil spirits , demons . Evil spirits and demons have been defeated often by science . Marguerite , please don 't leave me . Roxton ? I know you 're out here Roxton . Let us help you . Marguerite 's gone but it 's not too late for you . Roxton please , don 't be afraid . Veronica . Marguerite . He is here . I know he is . That came from the treehouse . Where is she ? That 's impossible . - You said her neck was broken . - She was dead . The radiation perhaps ? Behind you ! Stop her ! Wait ! It must have been the radiation that brought Marguerite back to life . Well , at least ... it enabled the skeleton to make the transformation . Which means the disease feeds on radiation . Where do you think she 's going back to where she became infected or somewhere else ? A rendezvous with the other skeletons perhaps , I don 't know . The question is can we still save her ... and what about Roxton ? Roxton ? - I 'm going after him . - Malone no . Assai , what are you doing here ? I followed your trail . I had to know the truth for myself . It 's this way . Look . The shinning cave . It 's easy to see what attracted poor Marguerite . And Roxton and all the rest . So , what do we do ? If this cave is the source of this terrible plague ... I don 't think we have a choice . We have to seal it up as fast as possible . And if Roxton and what 's left of Marguerite are inside ? If they 're inside can we save them ? We have to . In all probability this disease is airborne . Keep this cloth over your mouth and nose at all times . Why only two ? Because somebody has to stay outside in case something goes wrong . Why me ? You 're the youngest and the strongest . And this magnificent home of yours has to be preserved at all costs . - Then Assai can do it . - No ! it has to be you Veronica . If we 're not back in fifteen minutes ... blow the place up . Don 't worry we 'll be back in no time . There 's no need for the masks . We feed on the light . Soon we will become all living creatures . Parasites This is crazy . Assai I 'm going after them . You can 't . I 've may lost two friends already . I 'm not going to lose two more . Ten minutes . - I understand . - What ever this thing is ... you can 't let it escape . You 're a brave friend . You wouldn 't shoot an old friend . Come , there 's nothing to be afraid of . Veronica ! Oh my God . Marguerite ... is it really them ? Look there 's Roxton . This cave goes on forever . All the Zanga warriors are down there . Are they still alive ? There 's only one way to find out . Veronica , be careful . Roxton ? - What happened to me ? - You 're alive . Veronica what did you do with the detonator ? Assai . Roxton and I will free the others ... you and Malone stop Assai . Go ! Where the hell am I ? What 's going on Challenger ? This disease doesn 't kill it 's victims it creates an ... identical twin in order to grow the skeletons . You mean like this guy ? He 's all mine . Sorry pal one of me is plenty . Well done now let 's free the rest . Roxton ! I thought these caves were filled with jewels . Curiosity killed the cat . - The shining caves ! - It 's all right Jarl your people are here we just have to free them . And we don 't have much time . Come on ! NO ! Jarl 's alive ! Keep going keep going as quickly as you can now . Stay out of the purple light . My love . The next time anyone suggests a picnic ... let 's have it at the treehouse . What the hell is that ? Skeletons ... and they 're getting ready to attack . There 's got to be another way out of here . We need a momentary distraction to get past . The Raptor . Allow me boys . Seems like the least I could do . Oh boy . Give it some room . give it some room . Now I call that a momentary distraction . Well you can thank me later . Up here . Run ! Come on , keep moving ! Let it blow . - Now Challenger ! - Take cover ! So neither of you feel any ill effects ? I feel as good as new . Although I still don 't remember a thing after ... Marguerite dragged me into that light . I don 't remember doing that . Your duplicates were planning your wedding . A big affair was it ? I hope they didn 't do anything embarrassing . What do you find embarrassing ? What ? What did they do ? - Hi ! - How was the wedding ? Assai looked beautiful . I think Jarl will make her very happy . In fact , we invited them back for a picnic . A picnic ? Whose idea was that ? As a matter of fact Marguerite it was your duplicate 's suggestion . As if I would ever suggest a picnic . You were going to make all the sandwiches . And carry the picnic basket . That is if you weren 't too busy holding hands with Roxton . No .. no let me make one thing perfectly clear . Who or whatever that other woman was ... she was no relative of mine . It 's so good to see her back to normal . *
