 Oh boy ! I wonder what got them so worked up . Oh no , you 're not getting away this time . Hey , come back . At the dawn of the last century A band of explorers searched for a prehistoric world Driven by ambition Secret desires A thirst for adventure And seeking the ultimate story They are befriended by an untamed beauty Stranded in a strange and savage land Each day is a desperate search for a way out ... of the Lost World Where the hell are you taking me woman ? Who are you ? Who am I ? who are you ? - Why are you following me ? - Why were you watching me ? You 're a very ... handsome man . You don 't leave too much to be desired in the looks department yourself . What more do we need to ... know about each other , huh ? I 'm sure I 'll think of something . Your heart , it 's pounding . Yes , well under the circumstances I would ... think that completely normal , wouldn 't you ? A normal man , how perfect . How desirable . So what 's the hurry ? The drums have stopped beating . Are you afraid of me ? Oh no , I 'm not afraid of you . Then ... take me now . Where am I ? Exactly where you were last night . Any complaints ? Yeah , I 'm starving . You live near here ? I used to . Is it still too soon to ask who you are ? Are names really that important ? He 's probably in the arms of some jungle princess ... blissfully unaware that we are even looking for him . Why do you always think the worst of him ? Because I 'm speaking from experience . We should be able to pick up his trail from the river where I found his spear . He could be investigating those drums we heard last night . My parents used to call them Voodoo drums . As in shrunken heads and dolls with pins in them ? Let 's not get too carried away . Marguerite , he could be in serious trouble . Then again he could be in the arms of some jungle princess . Oh , I rest my case . Hello there , where are you all going ? To look for you . Obviously our concern was premature as usual . Danielle this is Marguerite Krux , Ned Malone , Professor George Challenger , Veronica this is Danielle . Nice to meet you all . So , where did Roxton find you ? Running for her life in the jungle . - Running from what ? - Trogs ... they overran Danielle 's village ... butchered everyone they could get their hands on . Hundreds of Trogs , I 've never seen so many . - Like some sort of army ? - That 's what the drums are about . The Trogs are massing , organizing . That 's something nobody ever thought they were capable of doing . It 's terrifying . Yes , I can vouch for that . I ... was chased by some pretty determined characters myself . Organized savages , it 's just what we need . Those drums are Voodoo drums . I don 't know about that . All I know is what I saw in my village . For two weeks I 've been running for my life . You poor child . You must be exhausted . It 's a miracle you survived . And Danielle needs a place to stay , this way . Here you go , anything else you need ... - just let me know . - This is perfect . For a woman who 's been running for her life for ... two weeks she looks very well put together , don 't you think ? You 'd think she 'd be a little more upset about what happened to her village . Thank you both for letting her stay . Do you believe her story ? I have no reason to doubt her , I ... told you about the Trogs that came after me . How far away is her village ? A couple of days . I wonder where exactly ? Just before you arrived , I was actually commenting on your ... talent for finding damsels in distress . It must be my noble disposition . Is that what you call it ? Are you sure she 's going to be safe out there all by herself ? - All she has to do is call . - I 'm sure she will . You know Marguerite , if I didn 't know you any better ... I would say you were jealous . - Jealous ? - Ah hum . No , no , amazed ... no , astounded ... at how easily some men ... especially you it seems ... can be manipulated . What an amazing place . Yes , quite incredible ... especially when you consider where it is . A temple of sorts ? A laboratory a place for scientific investigation , a place to broaden our understanding ... of the outside world and how it works . It sounds very much like a place of worship ... and you seem very devoted . In my village the Papalwa the high priest was a man of great vision ... and he always had a beard . A high priest ? Oh , no , no , that will never do . Perhaps I should shave it off to avoid confusion . No , it makes you look ... rugged and well seasoned . Like a good steak ? Or a man of great experience . I 'm sorry I 'm disturbing you . I didn 't mean to . Here . Hi , thanks . I was watching you work . Nothing like good honest work to keep you fit . Very fit , I would say . Are all the women in your village as charming and beautiful as you ? Growing up in my village I was considered very ugly . What ? Beauty is in the eye of the beholder . What are you doing ? Oh I 'm sorry , I just noticed this photograph . Are these your parents ? Yes , my parents ... my room ... my treehouse . You 're a guest in my home ... please act like one . I 'm sorry , I meant no disrespect . Did she take anything ? No , not from my jewelry box , but a small comb that I leave by my nightstand is missing . Coincidence ? Challenger would say there is no such thing . If he was thinking straight . Do you have any idea what she is up to ? Not yet . - Where is she now ? - Off somewhere with Roxton . What is it with men and women like her ? Three parts lust , two parts fantasy ... cuts off oxygen to the brain . Your friends are very nice ... especially Challenger and Malone . Veronica and Marguerite will come around , once you get to know them . Should be sharp enough . Let 's not start this again . I 'm over here . Well don 't stop talking . I do like the sound of your voice . - Is that all you like ? - It 's on the list . What else is on the list ? Oh I don 't know , the way you play games with me . Some women are like that . Yes , so I 'm discovering . And some are even worse . Well once again I have stumbled upon you . Man at my feet . A woman worthy of my adoration . What are you doing ? Just dreaming of how things might have been . Did you ever dream to ask ... before you just help yourself to my personal belongings ? It 's so beautiful , it belongs to you ? Don 't play this game with me , sweetheart . I 've been there and back . I don 't understand . No , I think you do . You 're not here for free room and board ... you want something else . My people were slaughtered . Yes and that 's all very sad , but I don 't believe you . John Roxton is an exceptional man . - You think I 'm jealous ? - Oh , he 'd be a prize for any woman . You know , in the civilized world there is a name for a woman like you . You 're in love with him . The only thing that is yet to be determined ... is the price that John will be paying for your services . Whatever my feelings for John , I am not going to stand by and let a cheap ... little tramp like you make a fool of him . Spirits of the dead , spirits of the dark . Arise ! Awake ! It 's time for her to go . Danielle is running for her life , Veronica . You 're right and I know a way off the plateau . She is lying . - How do you know ? - If we kick her out of here ... where is she supposed to go ? Back to wherever she came from . A woman alone in the jungle . She found Roxton , she can find another Romeo . Well , who 's going to tell her ? I will , gladly . It looks like it 's time to say goodbye . I can see it in your faces . No , we haven 't made that decision yet . Yes we have . It 's alright ... I don 't want to be the source of any conflict . No , I bet you don 't . The drums are quiet tonight . Maybe the Trogs are giving up and moving on . I 'll leave first thing in the morning and go back to my village . - Maybe there 'll be other survivors . - I won 't let you go alone . It 'll be alright John , you 've done more than enough . you all have . I have you all ... and Roxton to love and honor me . - I 'll go with you . - We both will . Don 't worry , first sign of trouble we 'll turn back . Make sure you do , who knows what those Troglodytes might be up to . We 'll be fine . Are you ready ? You really don 't need to do this , you know . Do you think I 'll let you get away that easily ? You could be right about the Trogs , maybe they have given up . Maybe they 're just afraid of you . Most people are . I 'm not going to let you return to your friends . I 'm going to keep you all to myself . That 's quite a collection you have there . Relics from the people of my village . - Relics , you mean like personal effects ? - Yes . with them I will pray for the salvation of my people . Pray ? What , now ? In my religion it doesn 't matter when or where we worship ... as long as we call on the spirits to join us . They guide us and help us celebrate the pleasures of life . - Sounds like my kind of religion . - Maybe it is . Well don 't let me keep you from your prayers . This business with the Troglodytes perplexes me . Maybe we should go after ' em . The Troglodytes have always lived in small mobile groups . And now they 're organizing into a large social unit . If you can believe anything that woman says . It seems to indicate some sort of evolutionary development . Evolution ? How about fear and superstition . - Is that what I think it is ? - A Voodoo doll . Kinda looks like Roxton . It 's not particularly flattering but she got the blank expression right . This means that Danielle is some sort of Voodoo Priestess . Oh nonsense , this black magic is hocus-pocus . It could explain Roxton 's sudden devotion . - Maybe . - Marguerite ... surely you of all people don 't believe in this . The Voodoo doll has no real power . In sickness and in health ... you will succumb to me . They 've got a three hour head start . I think ... Ned ? Are you alright ? Must have been the fruit . I think I 'm gonna be sick . I don 't feel so good either . Maybe the fruit wasn 't quite ripe . - I ate that fruit as well . - I 'm glad to say I didn 't . Et tu Brute . Looks like it got us all , excuse me . Oh , looks like I 'm the lucky one . Why me ? Well I didn 't eat any of the fruit , so it can 't be that that made us sick . It wasn 't black magic either . How do you explain it ? Well it could be a germ or a virus in something we all consumed ... - water for instance . - What about the drums ? When Danielle was here they stopped ... but as soon as she left they started up again . I 've heard some pretty wild things about Voodoo : Human sacrifice , Cannibalism , Dead people coming back to life . I 've read that book too , Malone . You can 't believe everything that Spencer St. John writes . Be quiet George . What else did he write ? All kinds of things . Voodoo dolls can be used to control or hurt your enemies . Good and evil spirits can take possession of your body . Wait a minute . a Voodoo Priest or Priestess , it can inflict injury using personal objects stolen from their victims . Like my missing comb . And the button off my shirt . Are you missing anything ? A ring , worthless cosmetic junk . My quill , so that 's where it went . Danielle is the one who made us sick . That 's impossible . If that 's true she 's trying to keep us here so we can 't go after Roxton . Then we 'll try again at first light . - How did you sleep ? - Like a baby . The drums didn 't keep you awake ? I must have been too exhausted from the long walk . - What are you making ? - Nothing really I just like to weave . Always twisting and turning huh ? Just trying to keep your attention . Oh no chance of losing that . I 'll go and get some more firewood . Hurry up , you guys ! We 're coming ! Ned ! Look out ! This should keep the fire going . How bad is he ? He 's got a nasty bruise but it could have been a lot worse . Any more doubts about that woman 's power ? So this is your village . Looks deserted . There 's a part of my story I haven 't told you yet . and which part is that ? It 's true the Trogs attacked my village ... but it happened twenty years ago . Twenty years ago ? I was only a child not even four years old . The Trogs killed my parents ... and everyone else in the village , everyone ... - except me . - And why not you ? I was too quick , I got away . Well , how did you survive ? Very well as you will see . Is this some sort of a trap I 'm walking into ? What makes you think that ? Oh it 's happened once or twice before . You should be more careful . So where 's everyone hiding ? Is it because of the heat ? Is that what 's going on ? These are my people ... and I am their queen . The sooner we find Roxton , the better . On that we all agree ... but you 're in no condition to go anywhere right now . In fact , you 're damn lucky to be able to ... talk considering what hit you . Just another coincidence ? It just happened to break when I walked underneath it ? It could have been age , stress . Or Danielle 's black magic . And now the drums in the middle of the afternoon . Why is that ? We 've got company . What kind of bizarre behavior is this ? Zombies . This is insane . We 're trapped . Time for the whole story . After the Trogs slaughtered everyone in my village , I ran away . Yes you told me , it was 20 years ago and you were less than 4 years old . A family of Trogs found me and raised me as their own . As I grew up it was only natural that I would become their leader . The curse of your superior intelligence . The Trogs are simple creatures . They 're afraid of me , they adore me , they 'll do anything I ask . My mission is to unite the Trogs in peace ... and coexistence with all other tribes on the Plateau . Peace , coexistence ? Is that why you sent them , to try and kill me ? You 've killed many Trogs . Up until now you 've been their mortal enemy . Why did you lie to me , and to my friends ? People are afraid of the Trogs . I thought you and your friends ... would treat me as an enemy , maybe even try to kill me , if I told you the truth . What other secrets are you hiding ? My feelings for you haven 't changed . This is my world . I want you to be a part of it . Doesn 't look like our friends are in any hurry to leave . - Then we 'll drive them out . - I found it . Voodoo on the Plateau 1895 . Twenty five years ago . That 's just a few years after my parents came here . Your father says they found a small village where they ... attended a number of Voodoo ceremonies . The people seemed friendly enough though their belief in ... spirit and demonic possession is quite foreign ... and at times disturbing to us . The most offensive thing about these people is their belief in slavery . Drugged by the Voodoo Priestess ... they 're known as Zombies or the Living Dead . The damage done by the drug is ... permanent and irreversible and Zombies are ... forever bound in servitude ... to the Priestess who created them . So , if Danielle is a Voodoo Priestess , then those are her Zombies . April 1900 ... Voodoo Village wiped out by Zombies . Stories abound that salt inadvertently added ... to the Zombies' food turned them into ... ferocious bloodthirsty savages ... bent on vengeance against their masters . Everybody slaughtered . Everybody except Danielle . What are we going to do about Roxton ? He must be on his way back by now . Do you really think that witch is going to let him go ? Once she 's finished taunting him she going to kill him . Or turn him into one of those . It would be quite easy I suppose . All she 'd have to do is drug his food or his drink . Look likes it going to be quite a celebration . A wild and dangerous night of eating , drinking , dancing and sex . Some sort of ritual , I presume ? My people have learned a lot but they 're still savages . You know , I wonder how it is that all your ... people are so loyal to you . I 'm a superior being , they recognize and respond to that . Yes . Well as much as I 'd like to stay and witness ... this wild event . I think I have to be getting back to my friends . Prior commitments , you know how it is . Perhaps we 'll meet again . I 'm disappointed , I thought you wanted us to last ? Well , absence makes the heart grow fonder . You 're running away . With your permission , I 'm leaving . Go . If you can . Oh , so now I 'm going to have to shoot ... my way out of here , is that it ? You 'll run out of bullets long before that happens . Then I 'll just have to take you with me . Touch me and I will tear you to pieces . Let 's go . I 'd rather keep you as a friend and lover , but I 'll turn you into an adoring ... fan like the rest of them if I have to . I 'll never grovel at your feet . Ah , but you will . Breaking your spirit will be easy . The Voodoo doll . The Voodoo doll ! What ? If we can 't get to Roxton maybe we ... can use Danielle 's black magic against her . - That sounds a bit ridiculous . - It 's worth a try . You have to stop him from eating or drinking . How do you work one of these things ? Don 't ask me . What the hell ? I wonder if that did any good . More water ! You should be more careful . I could just leave you out here to bake . Sooner or later you 'll drink . They 're gone . They 're gone ! Did they just get bored or were they setting an ambush ? Don 't think they 're smart enough for that . One way to find out . Another beautiful day ... a little warmer than yesterday I think . How long can you suffer ? One little drink will quench your thirst forever . If I agree to be your friend and lover ? Now that I know how you really feel , how can I ever trust you ? Fill his bowl ! Smoke will blind you and smoke will make you mine . - Smoke . - Where 's it coming from ? I don 't see a fire . There must be a fire , where else would the smoke come from ? Voodoo Priestess . Don 't shoot ! don 't shoot . They 've taken the women ! They must be heading for the village . This clothing suggests some sort of sacrifice . The cult of the living dead . Find me when he wakes up . Your beautiful friends are here . Tonight ... your first task as my new slave ... will be to slaughter them . It may not be paint , but it will do in a pinch . I feel like a kid dressing up for Halloween . This deathly cult may be the only thing that keeps us alive . Yeah . All we have to do is walk into the ... village and spike the drinks , ready when you are . - You 've got the salt ? - Yeah , crushed and ready to go . Roxton , tell me you didn 't drink the damn water . If he did the damage is permanent . There they are . At least they 're all still alive . Where 's the Priestess ? I don 't know . This is obviously the drink stand . No , no , not too much . We don 't want to make it undrinkable . That doesn 't seem to be a problem . Roxton , if you can hear me ... just nod your head ... drool ... anything . Tonight is a celebration of my power . One day I will rule over all who live upon this great Plateau . And I will slaughter all who stand in my way . Do you think any of these people understand what she 's saying ? I will bathe in your blood . You 're out of your mind . The savages will fall at my feet . They will die if I ask them to . What then ? You 'll have no one left to tell you how great you are . Tonight when my dance is over , your lives will end . Such a waste . On your knees . Do you understand what must be done ? I don 't think we 're gonna have time to wait for the salt . It doesn 't seem to be having any effect at all . Kill them ! For God 's sake , Roxton . No ! Roxton , no ! Stop , don 't you let them get away . The salt is certainly working . Roxton don 't leave me ! No ! I can 't let her die like this . Roxton I love you ! - No ! - There 's nothing you can do ! It 's the monster turning on the master . The queen is dead , long live the savages . - Ouch ! Marguerite . - Hold still ! She must have cast some sort of ... Voodoo spell on me right from the very beginning . Nice try . You were totally infatuated with the little tramp . Still if he hadn 't convinced her that he really was a Zombie neither you nor Veronica would be alive today . That red hot poker must have really hurt . Oh yes , well Danielle made one fatal error . She gave me a chance to outsmart her . I knew it was my only chance . I 'm not sure any of us could have done the same . And to be observant enough ... not to drink the water , that was brilliant . How did you figure that out ? I can 't really explain it . For some reason when I went to pick up the water bowl my ... body got all twisted into knots . You 're kidding ? Where 's the Voodoo doll ? - I don 't know . - Doll ? - What are you talking about ? - We saved you from drinking the water with her Voodoo doll . I don 't believe that . I can 't believe we lost it . It 's got to be around here somewhere . I don 't believe it 's missing . You better take custody of this . I 'll keep it ... with Marguerite 's ring . * *
