 I see some ! Take me down ten feet ! Haven 't you 've got enough of those stupid mushrooms by now ? They 're not mushrooms , they 're jungle truffles . If you ask me the only truffles worth eating are chocolate not fungus . That 's enough ? Marguerite stop ! What ? Take me back up five feet . Oh , make up your mind . Veronica ! Marguerite ! Who are you ? At the dawn of the last century A band of explorers searched for a prehistoric world Driven by ambition Secret desires A thirst for adventure And seeking the ultimate story They are befriended by an untamed beauty Stranded in a strange and savage land Each day is a desperate search for a way out ... of the Lost World Hey , what 's going on up there ? Alex Linden , miss . Looks like I got here just in time . You certainly did . You better let me take care of this . I think there are ... quite a few things around here you could probably take care of . This is a very deep well . Lucky thing for Veronica . Marguerite , if you ever . You must be Veronica ? I 'm Alex . A-Alex ? Is something wrong ? Are you injured ? No . I 'm fine . Where did you come from ? The jungle . No . What she means is how did you get here on to the Plateau ? Our expedition was trying to find the source of the Amazon . When the rainy season started we took shelter in some caves , but we lost our way . We got split up , when I saw the sun again I was all alone . I 've been wandering around for months trying to find my way back . My treehouse isn 't far ... I could mend your shirt . You must be sore after all of that effort . How about a nice hot bath ... sooth those tight muscles . You 're so kind , both of you how could I resist . Yes exactly , how can you . There , my electrostatic accumulator is ready . How can you tell ? In order to send radio signals ... I need to create electromagnetic waves . Now , to do that I 'm going to use the windmill ... to generate sparks between those two copper ... plates set up on those trees there . You 're trying to generate radio waves ? Exactly ! Now , all we have to do is test the equipment . Good , you take that positive lead and you take the negative one . Uh positive and a negative , isn 't that dangerous ? Only if it doesn 't work . One. two. three These cables seem to need a touch more insulation . You did that on purpose . Uh , Marguerite and Veronica seem to be returning . I can 't wait to taste this rare jungle delicacy . She 's seems to have outdone herself this time . There 's a difference ? A rare jungle delicacy indeed . So do you think you can find your way back to the caves ... - that brought you on to the Plateau ? - I believe so , sir . At least , I think it 's not too far from here . So you could take us there . - I could certainly try . - This is my father 's favorite . I was saving it for a celebration ... and I guess this is it . Don 't have too much of that Alex , it might affect your ... appetite . He 's been wandering for months . Yes , all by himself . Yes we know all that . So you were searching for the source of the Amazon ... - whose expedition was that ? - Oxford University . I read Geology there . Geology , at Oxford ? Then you must know my very good friend Lionel Holt . Holt ? I don 't believe I do . Professor Holt is the head of the Geology department . Well , he must have been before my time . T-Rex . - That came from the clearing . - My accumulator . They 're not afraid of dinosaurs ? Oh , he 's more afraid about the dinosaur ruining his new invention . You know what scientists are like ... boys and their toys . No offence meant . No wait ! I don 't think it 's the patient sort , George ! No , there 's a better way . You divert it between those two trees over there . Well hurry ! Hey , you big galoot ! Over here ! Anytime , Challenger ! Almost there . He 's close enough . Perfect . - What is that device ? - Challenger , it worked . Challenger it worked ! Well like most of Challenger 's inventions we 're not quite sure . Well for a few seconds . Still , at least I solved the problem of making those cables heat resistant . Sir ... I found your demonstration fascinating but ... I do have one question . By all means . What if you hadn 't been able to divert the T-Rex ? Surely your invention is too cumbersome to be used as an effective weapon ? It 's not a weapon . It 's not ? Oh no , not at all . Once I have affected a few repairs and modifications , the spark you saw will be artificial lightning . Each bolt will generate bursts of radio static powerful enough ... to carry Morse-coded signals all the way to London ... to let them know we 're still alive . You can send an electromagnetic wave halfway across the world ? Oh my boy , if I had an energy source stronger than the windmill ... I could send signals to the moon . You see Alex , science is neutral . It 's what someone does with those scientific discoveries ... that determine whether it benefits humanity or harms it . You know , it 's been argued over the years ... Ah hem , the foods getting cold . It isn 't time for one of your lectures George . Alex is hungry . - And tired - And ready for bed . See you boys later . Do you think for Alex 's sake we should go and keep him company ? I think we 'd be safer in a clearing with a T-Rex . If you 're still hungry , the kitchen 's over there . I 'm going to check on Alex . I already did , he 's sleeping . Veronica , this unseemly interest you have in Alex . What would Ned say ? He might as well be my brother . What about you and Roxton ? Now you two obviously make a perfect couple . Roxton ? He 's too old for me . Why I thought that 's the way you like them Marguerite , - old , wrinkly and rich . - Why you little ... Someone 's at the accumulator . - Is that Alex ? - No , he 's sleeping . Dirkon 's Scavengers ? No , they haven 't been around here for months . That 's right , don 't want to give an old man a heart attack . Who do you think it is , sis ? Whoever it is this will teach them a lesson . That is not an electrical effect . What the hell was that ? Whatever creature that was , it certainly wasn 't human . Those scorch marks are not electrical . Challenger ! Footprints ? Burned into the ground . Extraordinary , and they seem to stop as they enter the jungle . Professor Challenger ! - Alex ? - Are you hurt ? It chased me , some kind of monster all red and glowing . I thought you were asleep ? I went for a walk and didn 't want to disturb you . What were you doing by the accumulator ? I wasn 't anywhere near it . It wasn 't me , honest . Should we go after it ? No , it 's more important to find the caves that lead off the Plateau . But first we must repair the accumulator and wire it into ... the perimeter fence . Just in case this ... creature decides to return . Easy . The rest is up to Challenger . Time for a swim . Come on Alex , last one in is a rotten egg . What are you looking at ? Oh ! as if I couldn 't guess . Sorry you missed the show . My ... my , what have we here , a young man 's secret diary ? Don 't you dare . - Didn 't go for a swim ? - I really don 't like the water . Marguerite said you wanted to see me . I once had two leather bound field journals ... custom made on Hyde Street ... one for myself ... and one as a birthday gift for my very dear friend Lionel Holt . He gave it to me ... when I was his student . Why did you lie to me ? When you asked me about Professor Holt ... I realized you didn 't know what happened to him . Go on . He was brilliant , but bitter about being passed over for the Nobel Prize . He believed that his theories deserved greater recognition . Don 't we all . At a conference last year , he attacked his colleagues , physically I mean . Made all sorts of wild accusations and then disappeared . Poor Lionel . I know how much you admired him sir . I didn 't want to be the one to deliver such upsetting news . Alex , what were you doing outside last night ? Exactly as I told you sir . Are we going to try and find the caves which brought me here ? All any of us want to do is go home . I 've just got to get back to my laboratory . The Zanga call this the hard lands . More like the hot lands . It looks very much like the terrain ... I found when I came out of the caves . We 're only a day 's march from the treehouse Alex , yet I do recall you saying you had wandered for months . I obviously walked in circles sir . I certainly wish I had been able to convince the ... Professor to come out with us . He may have an explanation . Believe me , Challenger won 't be leaving his lab until he ... finds out what happened to his accumulator . Yeah , give him a scientific puzzle and he 's like a dog with a bone . I didn 't think Marguerite was that way inclined though . Oh , Marguerite . Her specialty is gemology . She has a lot of experience in geological analysis ... years of experience in fact . She 's actually a lot older than she looks . Moving on . Challenger ? I 've seen this kind of inclusion before . - Is it heat related ? - Not just heat ... it 's been in contact with molten rock , lava . The creature did glow for an instant but at the temperature of molten rock ? I mean , how could this be possible ? You 're the scientist , you tell me . I 'm going to get lunch . I think this is far enough for one day . We should make camp back in the jungle . Good point , no use getting caught out here in the open if we don 't have to . Why don 't I climb to the top of that ridge ... see if I can see any landmarks . Possibly even the caves . Be my guest . - I 'll come with you . - No , you stay here ... I 'd like to do something for you for a change . I 'm sure I can think of something . I 'm sure I can think of something . Starting to sound like Marguerite there . Ned , you 're jealous . Jealous ? Of what ? Of lost and lonely bulging with muscles Alex ? Alex ! - What happened ? - I fell ... I 'm sorry . - Do you think it 's broken ? - Oh ! - I don 't know . Can you put weight on it ? - I don 't think so . Great , it looks like we 're stuck out here in the open after all . Challenger ! You have to come up here . - No , I 'll have my lunch down here . - No you won 't . Look at this . The creature was here . No Marguerite , Alex was . What ? - I really do apologize . - These things happen Alex . Look . What the hell is that ? Stay where you are ! Ned ? Alex ! Sorry Lord Roxton , but guns are not the weapons we fear . Veronica , Malone ? Are you all right ? Yeah , where 's Alex ? - Alex was one of them . - What ? Those things felt as if they were made of stone . Alex isn 't like that . Veronica I saw his hand glow red hot . He was the creature we saw at the treehouse ... - and he led us into this ambush . - Whatever those things are . Why did they bring us here ? Whatever they want they better hurry up and ask ... cause we are going to cook in here ! Are you sure those handprints on the balcony railing were Alex 's ? What other explanation can there be ? Let 's just hope we can find the other 's ... - in time to warn them . - Professor Challenger ! Alex what happened ? We were ambushed by the same creatures that attacked your experiment . What happened to our friends ? They took them to a cave . I can show you where it is . I 'm sure you can . How did you get away ? We all had to run , I guess I was lucky . I guess you were . Just give me a minute to get my breath back and ... then you can show us where they went . I was so worried about you . You were ? Well you must know how you make me feel ? I must ? Well if you don 't I 'll have to show you . Do something to take your breath away . Marguerite I think I might have miscalculated . Well done Marguerite . If he 's hurt the others , his breath won 't be the only thing I take away . Whoever or whatever you are , we want the truth . What have you done to our friends ? And however did you obtain that journal I gave to Lionel Holt ? You don 't understand surface dwellers . You are not in control . I spent over a year perfecting that alloy for my accumulator . It will withstand even molten lava . We 're wasting our time Challenger . There 's a trail of footprints that we can follow , we don 't need him . Your alloy needs more work Professor . Any theories on what these creatures are ? Trolls , Tommyknockers , Kobolds . They 're all mythological creatures of the underworld . Lionel Holt , he believed that those myths were based on fact . Why are they after us ? Now that is a very good question . I don 't like the look of that rope . I don 't like the look of his head . Don 't even think about tying us up . We need water . Ah forget it Malone granite face doesn 't understand a word we 're saying . Maybe he 'll understand this . Water . Water . Malone remember ? When we went swimming yesterday . And Alex didn 't . Heat expands and cold contracts ... elementary physics . Challenger would be proud . Well I really cracked him up . Oh Malone , save it for your journals . Alright , we 've got two of them coming around the bend . I 'll get them both with my canteen . Oh , sorry . You 're alive . Not if we don 't keep moving . Yeah , Veronica 's right , we can trade notes back at the treehouse . You 'll be happy to know your boyfriend 's one of those stone things . You mean your boyfriend . Don 't , don 't fight over me , girls . Stand back everyone . I 'm going to enjoy this . No , no , no need for that . - Lionel ? - George . As young Mister Malone might put it ... in one of his trite little war stories . at last we meet again . Lionel . Lionel bloody Holt . Good heavens . On the contrary George . - How deep are we ? - At this position , fifty miles . That 's impossible , why the heat and the pressure ... at this depth would kill us instantly . Yet here we are . The earth 's electromagnetic field . Yes , you understand . You understand . The field has ionized the air to create light ... and generated an atmospheric pocket suitable for human life . George , it took me a year to work that out . Yet , you saw it all in seconds . Well it 's quite obvious given our surroundings . Not to the blind fools of the Nobel committee . My theories of geo-magnetism predicted ... that conditions like this would exist ... as well as the subterranean life forms . I tell you George the Kobolds have a magnificent society . Their geological sciences are years ahead of ours . Years ? Yeah , if you like living like a fungus . Let 's go ! What is this place ? It 's the only access to my base camp . Stay close to the guides . Lava flows in constantly changing direction , undermining the ground . Look . Why did you set up base camp in such an inhospitable location ? Safety issues George . You 'll understand when you see our lab . My new friends and I have expended a great deal of effort ... to track you down and entice you to join me . I presume my journal was a sufficiently intriguing bait ? Alex , tell them to move forward . They 're afraid of a little lava ? The Kobolds evolved to withstand the ... immense pressure of the earth 's core . As they move closer to the surface ... they must generate an electromagnetic ... field to keep their body compressed . Otherwise they would explode ... much like a deep sea fish being raised up into shallow water . Precisely George , but such fields require a great deal of energy . Sudden contact with extremes of temperature ... hot and cold can prove disruptive . Fortunately we have far less mass then the Kobolds , if they can make it across then , so can we . We follow that one . Do you lose many of your new friends that way ? This canyon is impassible without the Kobolds assistance George , a fact that you and your friends might like to bear in mind . You make it sound as if we won 't be going back . That will be entirely up to you . Only the scientists will proceed . The rest of you will stay here with me . Come on , George . Lionel I must confess , I 'm tempted by the ... notion of working with you again . But since the Kobold 's knowledge of electromagnetics clearly ... exceeds my own I really have no idea why you need me here . Because of this . Very impressive whatever it is . I call it the Uranium engine . Lead floors , water for cooling ... but what kind of Uranium can be this radioactive ? An extremely pure isotope mined by the Kobolds . The power it contains . well ... as Einstein has proposed ... Energy equals Mass times the speed of light squared . The greatest secret of the universe ... atomic power . Lionel you 've done it . What can I do ? How can I help ? I knew I could count on you George . To do what ? To transmit the power of this engine through the earth 's crust . So the Kobolds will have an unending supply of ... electrical energy to maintain their pressure fields . Broadcast electrical energy just as Nikola Tesla proposed , but he never had an energy source powerful enough to realize his dreams . But now George , you and I do . When do we start ? Well thanks for volunteering me Challenger . Do you have any idea what we 're doing for this idiot ? Advancing scientific knowledge . You would have done that anyway , all he ... had to do was send a simple invitation . So why Alex , why the lies , why hold the others prisoner ? They can 't help him . There 's something you 're not telling me . Don 't look at me like that , Challenger , you know what 's going on . Go ahead George , tell her . The Uranium engine will be used to ... broadcast energy to the Kobolds . Why do the Kobolds need more energy ? Tell her George . A brilliant mind like yours must have puzzled it out by now . In order for them to survive on the surface for more than a few ... days they need another source of energy . Why do the Kobolds need to survive on the surface for more than a few days ? Oh go ahead , say it . It must be obvious , even to the lovely Miss Krux . - You 're going to attack the surface . - Bingo . Well Stockholm actually . The access tunnels have already been prepared ... directly beneath the headquarters of the Nobel committee . After that , well the sky 's the limit . Do something , you have to stop him . Explain it to her George . Marguerite , even if I didn 't feel the way I do ... about advancing science , even if I didn 't want to help ... Lionel with his Stockholm plan . I would still have to finish my work for him . Why ? Because if I don 't , he 'll kill you all one by one before my very eyes . And you Marguerite , you would be the first to die . What can I say , the man 's a genius . Well I just figured out something for myself . You 're only pretending to go along with Holt to save us all . - I 'm doing it for science . - Don 't give me that , Challenger , I know you . You 're working out a way to sabotage that ... - infernal engine . There is no way . - I 've had enough of your interfering . What I am doing is for science pure and simple . Now what Holt does with that science is his responsibility , not mine . You . Alex , Miss Krux has completed her work ... it 's time for her to return to the others . No , I won 't believe it . Grow up Roxton , we all have a price . You mean you do . You don 't think I know what you would do for ... the chance to go back and save your brother . Or you , to find your parents . Or you , win the Pulitzer for your bloody journals . Yes you 're right Roxton , I do know what my price is . But whatever I have done for it , what Challenger 's doing now is much worse . To jeopardize all of humanity just for scientific knowledge . Pay attention Malone . Scientific knowledge is Challenger 's price . And Holt has paid him in full . Lionel . Alex . It 's time . Are you ready for our experiment ? Yes . I have every faith in our fellow seeker of truth . George would you do the honors ? The Uranium engine is your creation , I insist . I 've never felt such power . You did it George . I knew you could . This is a great day for science . For all of us , I hope . Challenger 's done it . He 's started broadcasting power to the Kobolds . We have to stop him . The only way to do that is to stop Challenger . Challenger 's my responsibility ... and if it comes to that I 'll deal with him . How long before we can make these temporary modifications permanent ? Well if you finally trust me to replace the primary fuses , no more than an hour . I 'll get them for you George . Thank you . This guy needs to cool off . Once the Uranium engine begins broadcasting power ... you and your forces will be able to remain on the surface indefinitely . Finished And , who knows George , in time faced with the superior power and intellect ... of the Kobolds , imperfect humanity ... may at last go the way of the dinosaurs . That 's not much of a threat Holt . Where I come from there are plenty of dinosaurs . Kill them . You first . No , Marguerite put that down . You wouldn 't . I don 't give a damn about Alex ... but I will not let you damage this machine . - George . - Marguerite . What kind of a monster are you ? Thank you George , I 'll take over now . No , I 'm the kind of monster ... who likes to finish what he started . Just a few minor adjustments . But , you said you were finished . You 'll destroy the Kobolds ! Don 't just stand there like lumps of stone . I 'm rescuing you , and you you nearly spoiled my plan . Lionel . Challenger , no ! No , Challenger ! Are you insane ? If anyone deserves to die , it 's him . I believe everybody deserves at least one chance to redeem themselves . What did you do to the machine ? I reversed the polarities on the engine . That way it will weaken the Kobolds' field rather than strengthen it . In order for them to survive they 're going to have to return to the earth 's core . - What if they don 't go back ? - Watch . Just think of it as a bad case of the bends . Let 's go . Hold on , hold on , hold on . If the Kobolds are blowing up why do we have to keep running ? Because my dear Marguerite , when I reversed the ... polarity on that engine I had to make some severe modifications . How severe ? In approximately ten minutes that engine is going to explode . Einstein predicts it will be the most power explosion in scientific history . I 'm sorry Lionel , you left me no choice . Well if the clock 's ticking lets get going . We 'll have to risk the lava pits . Well that 's not very scientific , John . That should cool things down a bit . You had this figured out from the beginning . One does the best one can . Well come on quickly , stay where the water 's cooled the rock . George ! This is wrong ! You have to deactivate the engine ! For the sake of science ! For the sake of humanity I can 't . One day we might find a use for the Uranium atom ... but not as a weapon . Oh , come with us Lionel . There 's so much to learn . So many we can help . One chance at redemption Challenger . Take it from me , sometimes you have to pay for your mistakes . George , help me . Lionel . Come on . Watch your step . Faster , that reaction is unbound . Get down and cover your ears . What have I done ? Hey , you saved us all . In this case it might be best to omit ... the technical details of the Uranium engine . That sounds like censorship . If Lionel and I could make that engine explode , others can too . Keeping the details to ourselves ... is not hiding the truth , it 's buying time ... until humanity can better prepare itself to ... deal with the consequences . Humanity or the Kobolds ? If we can 't deal with the consequences ... then perhaps ... we deserve to be replaced . - We thought a repair might be in order . - No , leave it . As a reminder ? As a warning . Something wrong ? No , it 's just this is one story I think I 'll let someone else write , hopefully a long , long time from now . *
