 I don 't like this place . Well at least it 's peaceful . We haven 't seen a dinosaur for miles . We haven 't seen anything . No birds no animals . It 's like everything 's dead . Come on . Challenger we 've got company . - They look distressed . - What 's the plan ? He looks like trouble . Lara ! Are you all right ? No , you can 't fight the trustees . Sentinel will come . Ned look . What in the name of creation ? Return them to the compound . We 're not going anywhere . Obey him or they will destroy you . What kind of creature is that ? He is our master . At the dawn of the last century A band of explorers searched for a prehistoric world Driven by ambition Secret desires A thirst for adventure And seeking the ultimate story They are befriended by an untamed beauty Stranded in a strange and savage land Each day is a desperate search for a way out ... of the Lost World What was that thing ? What did it do to Ned ? Keep moving you know the way . That weapon , it felt like every nerve in my body was on fire . - What was it Lara ? - Shh . I have no name . - That 's what your friend called you . - Be quiet , he 'll punish us . What is this place , a prison ? Welcome home . Home , - what kind of home is this ? - Look at these people . Hey wait a minute we don 't belong here . That 's right you 're making a mistake . I do not make mistakes . - Your job is labor . - Labor ? We 're not slaves . My job is discipline ... and control . Okay , okay . We 'll chat later . Malone something 's wrong here . Yeah , a slave labor camp where none of the slaves seem unhappy . Lara who are all these people ? - Where did they all come from ? - I told you I have no name , Go away . Your friend made those for you didn 't he ? You lived here with him ? - Why are you so afraid ? - Stop it ! If the Prin learn about these things they will destroy us . Learn about what things ? These things , our feelings . You can 't show each other how you feel ? What kind of a life is that ? You said the Prin , who are they ? The Prin have been here since the beginning . They 've always been our masters . And why can 't you have names ? We 're not allowed to own anything . We 're all the same . No possessions , no emotions , no names ? - They 're stripping you of all humanity . - We are nothing . We exist only to work and obey . Don 't worry your friend is safe . He got away with Challenger . They 'll bring help and then we 'll save you from the Prin . What kind of creature ? It was human in form certainly but quite grotesque to look at . Like an entirely different species . Yes , with a gun that shoots beams of light . Technology the like of which I have never seen . Great , smarter with better weapons I wonder how long they 've been living on the Plateau . According to our young friend here there are only two of these ... creatures . He calls them Prin . Have you never tried to resist or fight them ? We can 't , the Prin are our masters . Such loyalty , who says you can 't find good help . How charming , may I ? Lara made it for me . Where did you get the pretty stones ? - Zone One . - Zone One ? - Where is that ? - Where the Prin live . Where they make us work . Sound like some sort of a mine . It 's just not any mine , take a good look those are diamonds . The Prin don 't care about these stones . They just throw them away . Well , they can 't be that highly evolved after all . Rough gems of this clarity would fetch a fortune in Antwerp . Two of our friends are in trouble . We 're on a rescue , not one of your bloody treasure hunts . I am ready to jump into battle anytime you are Lord Roxton . But a girl can dream . Ty ! The Prin just throw these stones away ? Yes that 's why they must never see them . They must be mining something that 's more important to them . - How far away is this Zone One ? - An hour 's walk through the jungle . The digging never stops , we work in two shifts . - How long until your next shift ? - Soon ... the others will return after 16 hours . Work 16 hours and return home to this . Ty wanted to find a better place ... where we can show our feeling for each other when ever we wanted . He has found a better place and so will you . No , Ty thinks we can be something we 're not ... but he 's wrong . How can we help her she doesn 't want to leave ? None of these people do . Look at those two , hand picked to torture their own people . How sick do you have to be to do that ? I hear what you 're saying but we can 't do anything until we get out of here . On the next shift change we 'll make a break . Okay , but we 're coming back for them , all of them . Agreed . No discipline problem with this bunch . First chance we get , we 're going to make a run for it . Are you with us ? The Prin will dispose of me if I get caught a second time . We 're not getting caught . What 's going on ? Where 's the second shift ? I don 't know . Your attention ! The other shift will not be returning , all of you are required in zone one to complete the project ! What project ? As the Prin designed the project so shall it be . That 's no answer . You will now put on appropriate coverings . Forget it . We want to know what 's going on . Open the gate ! It is time to go . Do you need assistance with your coverings ? Yeah , a little privacy would be great . Privacy has no place in your existence ... understood ? - How close are we to zone one ? - We 're almost there . We 'd better make a move soon . Once we make it to that big tree we go . This is it , follow my lead . No one gets away today . Get him . Retirement comes early for you . The unscheduled break is over . You will continue . Leave him , he will be reclaimed later . You heartless butcher . He will now serve his higher purpose , as you all will very soon . This must be zone one . Nice place to visit , I wouldn 't want to work here . I guess we just pick any job we want . Stay with your unit . I want to see the boss . The Prin will retire you instantly for aberrant behavior . What difference does it make ? You said we 're all going to be retired in three days anyway . I said you can look forward to serving a higher purpose , now or in three days . Understood ? The compound is empty . All the workers are here . Even if we use all of them ... it will be difficult to meet our deadline . Take two trusties and dismantle the compound . Leave no trace of the workers presence . Understood . Looks like we missed the farewell party . What a disappointment . I presume they 've gone to zone one . Lara left this as a sign for me . The Prin said this day would come . What day ? The end of the project , when the workers are no longer needed . - Then what ? - They take us to the quarry ... - and we serve our higher purpose . - Take a look at this . - Your friends are workers now . - Which way to the quarry ? What are you doing here ? That 's close enough . Get them . Come on ! They are not workers . We must warn the Prin . - How far to the quarry ? - An hour maybe less . - We must stay off the trail . - Good idea ... but how exactly are we planning to invade it ? Well hopefully it won 't come to that . If these creatures are as highly evolved as I believe they are ... These superior creatures are planning to ... slaughter their entire work force . If you ask me their evolutionary development ... fizzled somewhere between hyenas and trolls . You finished ? Which way ? Any idea what 's going on here ? Something in this rock and gravel they 're after . More valuable than diamonds ? Where 's Challenger when you need him . Marguerite and Roxton as well . They 'll be here but will it be in time to save all these people ? We can 't save them unless we can save ourselves . Let 's check for blind spots . There 's not enough trustees to watch all of us all the time . This is how Lara and I escaped . We ran toward this part of the jungle but we got caught in the light . Lights I don 't see any lights in there . Can anyone see Veronica or Malone ? In those clothes at this distance everyone looks the same . There they are Malone and Veronica ... with the digging crew . The Prin ! - Drop your weapon ! - What kind of a welcome it that ? Easy George his but ugly friend might be close by . You tried to fight the Prin . Yes , something your people should have tried a long time ago . Well I 'll be damned . Several times over I 'm sure . What kind of blood is that ? Blue blood Marguerite , your favorite kind . The trouble is this blue blood isn 't remotely human . What kind of being have we discovered ? One that is far too dangerous to study so get ... that nasty little thought out of your mind . I think our best chance is that way . When we get past the Prin it 's open ground straight through the jungle . Ready ? It 's coming from inside . Lara ? What do you want ? We 're leaving , will you come with us ? Ty 's out there . Tell him I 'm happy that he 's free , but the rest of us must serve our purpose . As the Prin designed the project so shall it be . Lara this isn 't your purpose . You don 't have to die for the Prin . You don 't understand we only pretend to have emotions . We give each other names and gifts of jewelry but it 's not real . We don 't really feel anything at all . And what about this ? It 's some sort of memorial to the worker who died on the trail ... isn 't it ? Tell Ty when I serve my higher purpose ... I will keep his memory , ask him to keep mine . Whoever these humans are that attacked you ... they appear to be as violent as our studies suggest . But what brought them here ? What are they after ? We go together , ready ? Escapees or visitors ? I will find out . Keep running . Hey get off me . Retire them immediately ! Red blood . - You 're human . - Unlike you ! Bring them to the Perigee . There were others of your kind about , presumably trying to rescue you . And sooner or later they will . We were mistaken and we owe you an apology . We assumed you were part of our project . What project is that , operation genocide ? You can 't just kill all those people . Now you are mistaken . The workers are not people they cannot die . We saw one die on the trail . No you did not . I will show you . - A machine ? - Robots ? All of them ? Workers and trustees alike , designed for only one purpose . To take us home . Join me outside to understand . Observe . A spaceship ? You come from outer space ? And that is where I must return . Life on other planets ... it really does exist . Now you see it ... - now you don 't . - Where did it go ? It 's still there , an optical illusion ... I believe you call it achieved by the selective bending of light . This is incredible . But why did you come here ? We are explorers , when we were studying your planet ... an equipment malfunction resulted in us crashing ... a few miles from here . Just like us . How long ago ? Local time approximately two years . There was minimal damage but in order to make repairs ... and mine enough fuel to take us home ... we had to create a work force ... suited to the environmental conditions of your world . So you built people to help you . Not people ... machines . Complex by your standards perhaps , but not by ours . They 're tools nothing more . The Prin are in there . If we can neutralize them the rest should be easy . Easy ? Compared to what ? Ty take this . You point this end at what you want to shoot then squeeze that trigger . Oh and don 't lose it . You 're right Ty ... freedom often begins with a glorious revolution . Let 's go . No wait ! Is this what you meant by the light ? That you and your friend got caught in when you tried to escape ? It 's some sort of ... photo censor cell ... but I have never seen such a coherent beam . Yes , it 's very pretty ... but is it safe to go over ? I believe so . Let 's go . Where 's Marguerite ? - Lara - No wait . He fits in . Ty you came back . I never thought I 'd see you again . You know I could never live without you . - We 're getting out of here all of us . - What ? How ? We 're going to fight the Prin . We can 't . No one ever fought the Prin , is ... - We 're not alone . - Okay , - Time to make our move . - You already have . Surrender your weapons . The Prin have been expecting you . - Where are our friends ? - They are in social consort with the Prin . More like prisoner in their cage . The Perigee is not a cage . It is a self constructed transport repair module . See for yourselves . - Mother of science . - What on earth ? Not from earth from somewhere else . To be able to say with certainty that we are not alone in the universe . What greater moment could there ever be ? Well , it will certainly take up a few pages in my journal . Flying to the stars , even I 'd be tempted to leave the Plateau for a chance to do that . Well I 'd be happy with a trip back to London . Our visit here is almost at an end . In two more days the gravitational forces ... of your solar system will align with our return trajectory ... and we must leave . Two days ? But can 't you delay a little ? There is so much we can learn from you . In our experience ... it is safer to allow emerging civilizations ... to discover the wonders and the terrors ... of science for themselves . And if we don 't leave ... in two days ... we will not have another opportunity ... for twenty seven years . Which unfortunately ... will be much too late . The atmosphere on your planet ... is toxic to us ... it will kill us in another year . Will you be ready in time ? The ship has been repaired ... by tomorrow night we will have processed enough fuel . What about your workers ? The ship doesn 't seem big enough for all of them . It is , the workers molecular circuits were taken from the ships guidance system . Naturally they will be reclaimed . Reclaimed to serve a higher purpose . You mean taken apart . They are machines ... we need their components to take us home . You may have started out to build robots ... but somewhere along the way you created life . That is quite impossible . It still feels like murder to me . But is it now we understand what 's going on most ... of these workers really are no more than robots . Ty and Lara have advanced beyond what they were designed to do . You 've seen it yourself . But what right do we have to try and stop the Prin from getting home ? What right do they have to destroy life , even if it was accidental ? This is a very impressive operation . Indeed , it takes several ... tons of aggregate to produce a few small ounces of fuel . I noticed some sparkling stones in that pile of waste . You 're welcome to as many as you like . Really ? You wouldn 't mind if I took a couple of bags ? Take them all . Zirconium Silicate has decorative characteristics ... but serves no real purpose . Zircon ? They 're not diamonds ? Examine their refractive index closely . Damn it . You have to show the Prin that you are ... more than just pieces of equipment . But if they see we have feelings ... they 'll reclaim us today instead of tomorrow . Lara if you show them you 're alive they have to reconsider . We have to try Lara we have nothing to loose . You believe you have evolved beyond your purpose . Don 't be afraid . We are your obedient workers ... but we have discovered life . We respond to the world around us and to each other . I am Ty , this is Lara ... and we 're in love . This is the meaning of life ? Who is your mother ? Who is your father ? Where do you come from ? We come from you . You created us we are your children . No you are machines ... nothing more . Can 't you see , you may not have intended to but you gave these beings life . You can 't just take that away . Tomorrow all of these machines will be reclaimed ... our lives depend on it . You will not stop us . Your visit is now over ... time to go . I can 't believe we 're just going to walk away from this . We 're not , what do you say Challenger ? Do you want to make a fight of it ? Not particularly , but it seems they 've left us little choice . It 's murder pure and simple . And what you 're considering could well be suicide remember the Prin ... are fighting for their lives as well . Whose side are you on ? Moral quandaries are not exactly my strong suit but ... even I now we can 't just walk away from this . Your call . That is far enough . You 're not walking us all the way home ? Here are your weapons ... do not return . Where 's our ammunition ? It is safe now . I say we take them out now shorten our odds a little . - Without bullets ? - Who needs them ? Ha , ha , once a boy scout . Oh I was prepared before Baden-Powell invented the little blighters . Listen to me ... we can 't let them take our lives away . We have to stand up and fight . Come on don 't be afraid to let your feelings show . - What can we do ? - We can destroy the ship ... if we destroy the ship they can 't use us to run it . But we can 't even see it . I 'll take care of that . As soon as you see it attack . I don 't know about you but I will be glad to retire . Not a single bullet fired . Maybe now we 'll have the element of surprise . Well a couple of these might not hurt as back up . No ! You 'll back up in a real hurry if you touch that ! Is that you zero ? It is a violation of your operational directive to kill . - Then don 't force me to do it . - Your circuits will overload . Your entire processing network will shut down in seconds . If I retire , you 're retiring with me . There it is let 's go ! Destroy the spaceship ! No one gets through ! Hold your fire ! Tell the trustees to drop their weapons . How long do you think you can survive without energy cells ? You need us as much as we need you . Destroy the ship ! What the devil 's going on ? Your interference has caused a riot . If we destroy the ship the Prin won 't need us . If you destroy the spaceship our atmosphere will kill the Prin . Better them then us . That sounds familiar . Killing the Prin is no solution . Yes it is . Attack ! Stop ! All right enough ! Now back away ! Now ! Fair game Ty , I don 't miss . You supply the means to kill me ... and you would now kill to save my life ? Come on Ty put the gun down . But you told us to rise up against them ! Fight for our freedom you said ! It 's not quite that simple . We ... misread the situation . - But they 're going to kill us . - No they 're not . No one 's going to die . I give you my word . We can work it out . Come on Ty you have to trust us . You will all surrender understood . Let her go . The workers must complete the project . All who resist will be retired . This is no solution . The project must be completed , understood . Lara ... no Lara ... no Lara ! Lara ! Please don 't go . Save the rest . She sacrificed herself ... - for nothing . - For nothing ? Can 't you see they loved each other ? She died to save them all . A man from our world once said ... " Quality of mercy is twice blessed ... by those who give ... and by those who receive . " Perhaps there is a way . Initiating molecular systems check for departure ... gravitational alignment in 28 minutes 18 seconds . Sounds like the workers are running the show . Even without their bodies . Only until we return home . Their minds , their sense of self , their will to live all those qualities of life will be preserved until new bodies can be built for them . I give you my word . There is always an alternative to conflict . Sometimes it requires compromise and trust . Now Lara 's death won 't be in vain . We have learned many things in our travels but perhaps this is the most valuable lesson . It could be the beginning of a whole new stage in evolution . Who knows what the future may bring . Goodbye Ty . Good luck to you and all the rest . Farewell and thank you . Happy landings . You 're traveling light I see . Have you discovered something more important in life than diamonds ? Well , humans might one day be replaced by machines but ... a zircon will never be a diamond . You mean they weren 't real ? I should have stayed at the treehouse . Losing Lara 's going to be very hard on Ty . More than the others he understands the cost of freedom . Do you think they 'll make it home ? Oh I 'm sure they will and if they can make it so can we . *
