 You know it 's hard to believe this could ever amount to much . That 's why is called diamond in the rough . It requires an expert eye to truly appreciate ... what 's in the inside . Oh really ? I believe I have some ... experience in that . - Do you know ? - Yes , it 's a ... A little rough around the edges in need of some polishing here and there But the right touch can reveal a fairy heart . And a remarkable brilliance . For the right man to appreciate . Shouldn 't you be out hunting or something ? What you think I 'm doing ? John , I really have to work . Damn it ! All right what are you going to say ? That you could use a little more fun in you life . Fun ! That 's what you thing is going on between us ? Idle , meaningless amusement . I ... - Well , yeah . - Is that the best you can do ? All right . What do you thing is going on between us ? - You don 't know . - Apparently not . Oww You can be the most irritating insulting insensitive ... Please tell me this is not a dinosaur the size of Buckingham palace . It 's an engine . John , I 'm going home . What 's making that noise ? Sounds like a machine set of three hundreds and thirty horses ... Real Rolls-Royce Marine engines ... Exactly the same is used by the Royal ... Navy ... dirigibles ! It 's a drain old class . It 's going to fly over the clearing , get Malone . At the dawn of the last century A band of explorers searched for a prehistoric world Driven by ambition Secret desires A thirst for adventure And seeking the ultimate story They are befriended by an untamed beauty Stranded in a strange and savage land Each day is a desperate search for a way out ... of the Lost World . Somebody is found us . Hey ! Down here ! Hey ! I can still hear it . Where is it ? If it lost altitude we 'll never see it behind those trees . And its crew will never see us . What if is circling around and comes back ? It 's so close . - Can you see it ? - Where the hell is Malone ? - We saw it - The crew even see you ? Someone 's left a trail of breadcrumbs . Malone ! Wherever he 's going he was is a hurry . If the dirigible back close enough to the ground He may have made a run for one of the mooring ropes Or even the boarding ladder . So , if he is not here then ... Then he must be on board . And right now he 's telling that crew ... they have to turn around and come back for us . Hello ! Anybody on board ? Ned Malone , the Challenger 's expedition . - Are you the pilot ? - Not , anymore . Oh , how long can it takes to turn that thing around ? Patience , Marguerite ! We 've already been waiting and hour . It 's only been 20 minutes . What 's that ? confetti for your victory parade ... through London , don 't count on it George . Given the speed and direction of the wind ... I estimate it will take that ship about ... thirty minutes to turn around and come back here ... Shhh ! Is that engines ? T-Rex . Malone ! Help ! Malone ! He won 't last a minute in there . Never underestimate a mother 's love for her children . What if it isn 't a female ? Then Marguerite will be able to reason with him . Oh dear Lord . It 's like playing football . One civilize country insist on call it playing rugby . A Mrs. Rex , over here ! Trust Lord Roxton to know how to antagonize a female . Ned ? See what can you do in here I 'll take the other side . This wasn 't such a good idea . Jeez . You think ? Who are you ? I 'm alive ! Thanks to you , my angel . - You are from the dirigible . - Where is Malone ? He is not with you ? No one is with me I was the only one left . Am I all right in thinking that 's a dinosaur ? When we are safe we 'll tell you all about then . - Quickly now . - with whom do I have the honor ... It 's Professor George Challenger , I 'm Marguerite Krux . I 'm Captain Mark Askwith his Majesty Royal Navy at your service . With that you made enough smoke to being seen from the dirigible . But where else could he be ? Malone must of kind to aboard your airship . I 'm not saying he didn 't just ... he must have done so after I jump off . I wouldn 't have thought that acceptable for ... one of his majesty 's officers to abandon ship . Lord Roxton as I have explained ... the ship have been drifting for weeks ascending and descending ... erratically the controls unresponsive . Because of damages from a storm you encountered ... somewhere over the Atlantic . As I said I have no explanation for it . At first we found ourselves in a heavy cloud ... then a strange type of thunder like I never heard before ... lightning strikes a terrible turbulence ... wind thrown to the cabin like a hurricane ... dragging out my crew one after another . Forgive me , I ... I still heard their screams . Sounds like the storm our balloon when through ... when we first came to the plateau . That 's was no fun at all . As I remember . This is getting us nowhere . This fire isn 't going to do us any good unless Malone can ... - fly that thing back here . - Highly unlikely . That 's exactly my point . I don 't want to waste anymore time ... if it is the slightest chance Malone might had crash somewhere downwind . I doubted the airship if crashed ... If captain Askwith assessment of the damages if correct ... it 's much more likely to just drifting down to earth ... as it loses hydrogen . And why then the good captain stay on board ? The captain told us ... when his ship did close to the ground he saw his chance and took her rather than coming down on the water I think that shows initiative . - This isn 't helping Malone . - No , you are right . And the wind was taken the airship to the west ... if it 's lost enough hydrogen ... I expect we find it certainly into a basin ... among the foothills no too far from here . - I 'm ready . - I feel it 's my duty to help . Oh ! - What is it ? - I ... bumped my head as I jumped of the ladder ... I 'm still a little dizzy I 'm afraid . You go on ahead I 'll take the captain back to the treehouse . - Fine , we 'll see you there . - I 'm going with you . Completely unnecessary . And what do you plan if that T-Rex comes back for a second round ? I 'll reason with her . We can be home before the summer is over . You really think that airship can gave you all the way back to London ? If it 's still in one piece . And can get us off the plateau maybe up to the coast ... I wonder if London is changed . - You sure have . - Oh , really ? I don 't think you smiled for the first three months you were here . Unless you were looking at a dinosaur . Well , there were difficult times . People who trusted me with their lives were facing certain death . But don 't you worry about Malone , he 'll be fine . You 've changed yourself over this past two years you know . I have ? If we had found a way out the plateau ... two years ago would you have come with us ? No ! Now , if you could come back to London ... and help me organize a better quick expedition back to the plateau ... What were your answer be ? - Looks like you were right . - I has , of course . That 's odd . It doesn 't seem to be must damages for the storm or otherwise . I just wanted to know Malone made it through the landing unwounded . - Down ... - Veronica , run . There must be a Pterodactyl colony nesting nearby . Run ! Malone ? We hope we are not disturbing you . He is not here ! Where else could he 'll be ? What happened to Malone ? We looked everywhere . There are no tracks leading away from the landing site . There 's no sing of Malone ever have been on the cabin . What about the Pterodactyls ? If they have attacked Malone anywhere near the airship ... there would been some sign of struggle . Veronica , I 'm sorry but what if he was lifted straight into the air . Malone would fought ... I would found blood . I would found something . I hope I 'm not out of line but ... what if your friend tried to board my ship and failed . You mean fell off . It could be somewhere between the clearing and the foothills . Depending on the altitude of the airship at the time he could still be alive . I 've got to find him . Veronica you can 't search that far from the treehouse at night . He 's out there all alone . What if he has a broken leg a fractured ankle or something . Veronica at first light , we 'll all go . Now you want the same if were you out there . Just a suggestion mind you but ... The search for your friend may go faster if we conducted it from the air . If Malone is sick we can 't afford to waste time . But we could split up . A two of us can start searching immediately . The rest of you could help captain Askwith flying the ship . So there becomes a airborne one and then assist in the search Then is settled ! And once we find Malone the good captain would fly us home . And we 'll all live happily ever after . Nothing will please me more . You 'd done an splendid job of triggering the ship . Oh the landing winches were fully operational ... In fact I was surprised ... what little storm damages there appear to be . We through all the damaged equipment to minimize weight ... - increase lift . - It must have been horrible . Birds of a feather , huh ? Well in this case dsungaripteridaes of a feather well , not that they have feathers they ... don 't have feathers . After you . Oh , that 's a certain homey charm . - Not certain , though - You flown in one ? as passenger or a crew ? Oh , more as a stowaway , actually . Long story . Looks like half the instrumentation is missing , no wonder the ship it 's uncontrollable . We only kept what was necessary to fly ... all accessory being stripped , all that excess weight ... How do we get off the ground again ? Now , this ship has four engines the two engines in the stern , are capable of pro-pulling it forward . So what I propose if that we take The out board motors of the gondola ... - Let be enough to overseer our weight ... two three hundred and thirty horse per inches ... at a power ratio zero point three ... horse per pound that 's ... two and a third ton ... plus the extra fuel and oil so ... Well , let 's say ... Three tons when we 'd lost all up ... Yeah , I think that should be sufficient to get airborne ... Well done Professor . Let 's get started . Veronica and I we 'll star the ground search for Malone ... You and Marguerite ... you start on the captain ship ... My dear and your friends under the currents circumstances ... I dare say that the ship now belongs to all of us . I may say the concern you and your friends have ... for Mr. Malone is much impressive . After being trapped on this plateau for two years ... We are more like family than friends . Don 't tell anyone I said that . If you forgiving me for saying so this plateau of yours , seems like paradise . Better than the misery of solitary confinement . You were in prison ? During the war ? I shouldn 't have said anything , I 'm sorry . Why ? I don 't understand . I am a naval officer Miss Krux ... There are some secrets from the war which ... duty prevent me ever for reliving . I understand Government secrets ... and prison . No more questions . You know Ms Krux , I don 't believe I 've ever met a woman quite like you . Well I hope that 's a compliment . The first of many . If you 'll allow . Need a hand with that ? Oh , Roxton ! Oh , Marguerite ! Some help will be perfect , old boy . Perfect ? Just like your airship I 'm sorry , I don 't understand . Nor do I ! Turns out that 's nothing wrong with the ship . Apart from the damages you cause when you tossed out the equipment . I 've never said otherwise . There 's a lot you haven 't said . I 'm offering you a way off this plateau . Calling me a liar it 's no way to show your thanks . Let it go Roxton , it was an accident . Marguerite why don 't you take a walk and leave ... this discussion to the captain and I. Don 't tell me what to do . I think the lady is made it quite ... clear that she prefer for you to take a walk . What 's clear is none of this ... it 's your business . Ms Krux it 's my business . Boys , please . Good . Oh , I believe we have a flight to catch . - Happy now . - Immeasurably . Now this is an unusual sight . It 's poly beef . Umm hard to eat ? Best eat with the chisel and hammer as I recall . This are Royal Navy survival rations . Askwith supplies for abandoning ship . And judging from these dents ... they fell for quite a hight . Emergencies supplies And no Malone . Hand that crowbar , would you ? He 's a good man ... Watch where you coming old boy . Enough of that ... Roxton , no . I know what you are up to . And you are not going to got me into a fight . If you knew how many times I heart that ... from self serving cowards during the war . You 'd been warned captain ... What did you do during the Great War ? Lord Roxton . How many young men died in your place because you ... refuse to do your duty to King and country . That 's right , run away . Mrs. Krux any danger should befalls you 'll be perfectly safe in my protection . It 's not necessary . You stay away from her . I should must rather stay very close , indeed . This is not the time captain . You keep your hands off her . Or you what ? Captain . John ! I 'm not some prize to be fought over . Oh , I think you are . Stop it ! Right ! No rules , it is ! You feel free to apologize anytime . Never ! Need I remind you that Malone it 's out there in the ... jungle somewhere counting on all of us . And this airship this not leave the ground without a pilot ... Ms. Krux it 's right . I apologize . I should never lost sight of the mission . - You know Marguerite . - I have seen and heard enough . Askwith has toss out enough food and water to keep on going for ... at least several more days . Yeah but how do it without seeing Malone . by the time that airship reach this point Malone is on it . So Askwith must have seeing Malone . I knew he was lying about that . What 's this ? Looks like a Royal Navy Survival Manual See if it 's a chapter about raptors . It 's a logbook . Airship missions over the North Sea ... hunting submarines ? That 's must been during the war that 's was years ago . S T R A N G E Listen to this . My crew did not deserved the fate I force upon then . My only consolation is that the bullets went ... swiftly than the alternative . This last entry appears to be in a different hand than all the others . Askwith must has written this . He 's killed his crew ... thrown the bodies over board in order to save himself . What if he killed Malone , too ? We have to get back and warn the others . For his rather wild reaction I presume that you and Lord Roxton ... In his dreams , not mine . You mean not today . Captain Askwith I do not need another man telling me what I 'm thinking . Mrs. Krux nothing can be further from my mind . There they are ! Chaperones how quaint ! Did you find your friend ? No ! But we did find your logbook . Logbook ? My crew did not deserved the fate I force upon them . My only consolation is that the bullets ... went swiftly than the alternative . You shot your crew and then throw them off the ship ? Just to stop it from crashing ? This is preposterous . Besides you be insane enough to fire a ... gun in aircraft full of hydrogen gas . That 's no my writing I 've never seen that before . It fell from your ship . It doesn 't mean captain Askwith wrote it . Who else could written it ? If you 'll excuse me I 'll be back at the airship . Your pistol . Roxton , the place is swarming with pterodactyls . You can either give that to me or I 'll take it . - Feel safer now ? - Immeasurably . I 'm not letting him go back unprotected . We can 't ignore the possibility that is Askwith 's manual . Unfortunately we need a pilot . So we best be on or guard . We need to find Malone . Alive or dead . There is one place we haven 't search . If he is done anything to Malone ... I 'll kill him ! It 's huge . Where do we start ? I 'll go forward you go ahead . And be very careful . According to these pressure gages the hydrogen bags are linking ... the slightest spark ... and we could be the center of a blazing inferno . They are not going to find Malone 's body in there . I agree . Askwith is far to clever for leave any evidence around . Why would he kill Malone and then help the rest of us out the plateau . Maybe he needs our help to fly the airship Once we 're off the plateau ... who knows what he plans to do . I 've search everywhere . Nothing . Nothing in this side , neither . This is curious . These maintenance records . They 're dated all through the war ... but nothing since then . Just like the logbook . Except for that last entry . Both engines are off . For what I 've seen inside the ship only has enough hydrogen to stay aloft for three days at most . We can all get where we need to go in three days . Looks like the search turning up to nothing . What 's it ? Above you ! There . - Wouldn 't want to worry , Lord Roxton . - Thank you ! For what is worth once the control cables were reconnected inside we were be able to go within the hour . He saved our lives , anyone 's having second thoughts about that journal ? I 'll save the luxury of seconds thoughts ... until we get the ship airborne and searching for Malone . I can 't let you do that . It 's time for you all to leave . If the airship can only stay up for three days ... every hour you spent over the plateau is an hour lest ... you have for reaching the coast . Oh , Veronica . I 'll stay here searching for Malone on the ground . He 's got to be here somewhere no matter what Askwith did to him . We can 't abandon Malone , I won 't abandon Malone . You are not abandoning anyone . Once you are in the air ... You can signal me anywhere between here and the treehouse if you see him . But after that you 've got to keep going . And don 't turn your back on Askwith . I will be back . I know . We all will . Almost all . We have our differences . But I feel like I 'm losing a sister . Truly . Ah . I feel like I 'm losing my family all over again . Just remember this is not goodbye . I 'll keep the light burning in the window . For my parents , for Malone for all of you . Thank you . The engine control cables are operational . There is nothing keeping us here . Shouldn 't somebody call Veronica . She is on her way back to the treehouse by now . Looking for Malone . Something wrong ? Apart from the fact that you all still consider me a murderer , no . I 'm only sorry I didn 't get the chance to say goodbye . It 's all yours captain . Once the mooring lines are set to release we are off . I suggest you secure your belongings you ... don 't want to lose anything to turbulence . I got some final checks to do . Once we get back the champagne is on me . Oh , no much of a celebration considering . Malone ! If you want to see him you are going the wrong way . You do no know where he is ! You have to go back to the airship . Your friends are waiting to fly away with you . My friends know that I 'm not leaving the plateau , so you better start explaining yourself . It has nothing to do with me . It 's the airship , I 've just being alone for the ride . Until now ! You are not making any sense . Have you forgotten what I wrote in my logbook ? - You did kill your crew . - For all the good it did me . I thrown out the cargo and the equipment that we could ... the ship was still going down so I shot my own crew . Pushed their bodies out . But still wasn 't enough . - You survived . - No , Veronica . The ship crashed , I died . Then ... as if I were under some curse the ship was restored ... with me on board . To relive that crash every night . The damn ship won 't let me go . Until it gets a new crew . Challenger , Roxton , Malone ... and you . What about Marguerite ? This plateau that your friends are so eager to leave ... to me is heaven ... so here I should stay with Marguerite as my angel . It 's the perfect solution . We all get what we want . Stay away from me . The ship won 't let me go . Until you and your friends take my place . I say he took off . After spending such much time repairing his ship , why would he ? Now what if he went after Veronica . What if I have ? What are you doing ? Think of it as a family reunion . I 'd reconsidered that . Give us a smile Professor you finally getting what you want ... you going to leave the plateau . Tied her feet I 'm not chasing her again . There , that should make for a more pleasant journey . Shut the door . At least let me take the gag off her . Just the gag . It worse than we thought . Challenger this is a ghost ship . Like the Flying Dutchman . Legend of the sick captain . Who killed his wife and was cursed by God to sail seas forever . It was your time I did what any of you would have done to survive . Our time ! I 've been trapped aboard this ship since my last mission , Hunting for enemy submarines of the coast of England . May 26 , 1915 . - How could that be possible ? - Because he 's a ghost too . Not for much longer . He stabbed himself in the heart with my knife . It didn 't leave a mark . Proving my story I can 't die . I 'll be happy to test that theory . Not until I get off this ship . And become mortal again . The new crew now take the stations . This was reserved for the new pilot . - Ned Malone . - He is alive ? When we reach thirty six hundred feet you 'll see . That 's where it first started . That where it always starts . Every night . Watch it closely , Challenger . As a scientist I 'm sure you 'll find this fascinating . It 's really him . Veronica ? Are you all right ? Where have you been ? On this airship terrible storm crashing into the ocean . Could feel the water hit me ... drowning I couldn 't breath ... Then you reappear here so the nightmare can begin again . And again , every night for an eternity . This a different reality we are here Professor . First the real world where I found you And this nightmare realm ... When time is called an endless loop ... confusing at first I know . But you have plenty of time to solve the mystery . Ms. Krux if you please . You can 't scape your fate Askwith . Yes I can , because now it 's your fate . When we go off the end you have to hold on tight . Not a chance . One shot to all the hydrogen ... and we 'll raise like a new sun . And you 'll die with us . Yes , but I 'll come back to try again . Once I 'm off the ship my curse it 's ended ... and yours has just began , now ... you can either go off with me and the parachute ... or you can go off by yourself . No ! No ! Marguerite , no ! Hold on ! Thanks ! You can do it Marguerite , come on , come on ! let 's do it , let 's fly . You can scape it 's my time . Take my hand . It 'll be all right , grab my hand . Come on ! I 'll never let you go . Never ! - AH - Malone ! I don 't see a parachute . The parachute hasn 't opened . Challenger we had to land this thing . The control don 't respond ... We are dropping too fast we are heading for the cliff . We need more lift Challenger . there has to be something else we can trow out . We are this left , Roxton , And I refuse to allow the murderer history ... of this ship to repeat itself . We came to this plateau together and we going to stay together . We are coming in too low . We are going to hit the cliff . It 's been one hell of the ride George . It 's not over yet ! It 's not over yet ! - Ahhhhh ! - We have to ascend . * ? *
