 Veronica ! - This way ! - Ned ! - Over here ! - Ned ! No , no , don 't go ! Ned ? wait for me . You are safe now . Ned , you ran so fast ! I couldn 't keep up ! I 'd never leave you behind . Come on . It 's time to get back to the tree house . That 's why I had to talk to you this way . I finally figured out how to get back , but I 'm going to need your help . Get back from where ? Veronica , do you know where we are right now ? Ned , It doesn 't matter . All I know is that I 've missed you . Nothing 's been the same since you ... - since you ... - Say it . Since I died . I really do miss you . Veronica , help me ! Ned ? At the dawn of the last century A band of explorers searched for a prehistoric world Driven by ambition Secret desires A thirst for adventure And seeking the ultimate story They are befriended by an untamed beauty Stranded in a strange and savage land Each day is a desperate search for a way out ... of the Lost World Careful , Challenger , here it comes . Good morning , Marguerite ! It 's time to greet another magnificent day with ... Ha ! Fresh toast ! Unusual to see on outside its cage during hibernation season , I must say I heard that . This could be one for your science journals , George : rare species spotted on a remote plateau . Observers lives endangered by ... Coffee ! There 's no coffee ! There 's plenty in the storage shed , Marguerite ... I brought it back from the Zanga village myself . Those beans are green , Roxton ! You haven 't roast them yet ! That 's not my job , Marguerite . I sew for all of us . Challenger smelts metal ingots to trade with the Zanga . Veronica tends the gardens and the goat ... you smoke the meat and roast the coffee . And cast the bullets . And load the cartridges . Poor you . The coffee is still your job . Come along now , Marguerite . You know full well that since Malone went missing ... we 've had to adjust the division of labor . Missing ? Why can 't anybody come out and say what really happened ? Marguerite , I 'm sorry ... but you and Veronica did agree to take on more of the food preparation . Coffee 's not food ! It 's ... it 's a necessity ! And you 're its main consumer . Which is another reason I wish Malone wasn 't dead . Whatever . Americans drink more of this stuff than I ever did . He got me started on it in the first place ! He 's not dead ! - Good morning , Veronica . - Veronica ? Jungle daylight is no substitute for Zanga 's espresso . I saw him last night . We all have dreams about Malone , Veronica . Not the same dreams we had about Summerlee , of course . Right here ! I mean , I dream about him too . But when I woke up , he was just standing there . Challenger , he was pleading for my help . Then , where did he go ? Veronica ! Professor Challenger ! It 's Assai . Assai ! Professor Challenger ! My people ask for you to come at once . You are not going anywhere , you have a lot to work ... to do on the new test balloon so we can go home . What 's wrong , Assai ? What 's happened ? That 's just it , Professor . We do not know . It could be a sign from the heavens or elsewhere . When she puts it like that , how can I resist . Watch me . I could see she 's most unhappy . Because of Malone ? And she 's getting worse . Past few days she 's mostly stayed in her room . She keeps re-reading Malone 's journals . It 's a pity she wouldn 't come with us today . Would have done her good to talk to an old friend like you . Veronica is strong . Her sorrows only make her stronger . Veronica , as difficult as it may be ... to believe , I would like to apologize . You 're right . It is difficult to believe . I have lost a lot of people in my life too . Family , friends more than friends . I do know how you feel . Is it really that hard to accept ... that I could care about something more than gold or diamonds ? Yes ! One of your more endearing and annoying traits ... is that you never lie to me . Just as I 've never lied to you . About important things I apologize ! For not saying sooner than I know ... that Malone means as much to all of us as he does to you . Well , now you 've said it . - All right , what is it ? - It 's called a Ouija board . It 's all the rage in Europe and London . What does it do ? Think of it as a telephone for a very long distance calls . I brought the outsider . Yesterday it was just a field . Last night it was touched by a force beyond this world . Someone made that in just one night ? Someone . Or something . I 've read about telephones before . Do you actually think we can contact Malone through this ? To be honest I don 't know . Put your hands here by mine . Have you ever used one of these before ? Yeah , a few times , in London . And did it work ? Let 's just see if it works now . What do we do ? Put your fingers here as lightly as you can . We wish to contact Edward T. Malone . Are you out there , Ned ? Malone , we know you 've been trying to contact Veronica . Here 's your big chance . Are you here with us ? You did that . No , you were touching it too . Why don 't you ask him a question ? Malone ? Where are you ? - See , I told you . - Whoa ! H E L - P - Help M help me , help me That 's what he said to me last night ! Do you actually think it could be him ? Well , if he said it before , maybe it could be . I don 't know . Maybe we should ask him another question . I don 't think we have to . G O T Go , go to ! Where Where Where - the go to where ... P - A - T - H Go to where the path is ! Who 's there ? Marguerite ! If it 's like a telephone , How do you hang it up ? It looks like there 's two of them too , why ? Look out I have a pan Marguerite , what have you done ? I don 't know ! AH ! Oh , no ! Okay , okay . Does this always happen in London ? I wish ! I would have made a fort - What ? what it is ? who is that ? Right . Let 's see Challenger explain this one . It 's an agroglyph . Of course it is , George , What else would it be ? It 's a name given to a unique explicable ... patterns or markings in a field of vegetation . Variations include ... crop encirclement , here the vegetation has been flattened , or pyroglyphs , where the vegetation ... appears to have been burned with remarkable precision . So you 've seen one of these before ? Never . Although they are quite common in the vicinity of Avery , back in England . And have been for generations . Well , that 's where my family 's estate is . It 's surrounded by fields of standing stones , dating back to the Druids . But I 've never seen or heard of one of these pyroglyphs . Farmers don 't like to talk about them . They believe they are connected to some supernatural power . The circles of stones , circles in fields supposedly marking power spots , where lines of unexplained force intersect . There is no sign of kerosene or any other fire accelerant being used . So no one knows how this type of thing gets made . Our shaman refuses to set foot in this field . He says he knows too well why it 's been visited upon us . Our shaman says that Saros is returning . This is his sign . Saros ? He 's a legend among my people , a fierce warlord who dismembered those who opposed him ... and drank their blood . His last name wouldn 't be Krux by any chance , would it ? Saros lived and died hundreds of years ago , consumed by flames ... cursing those who rose against him ... swearing to return from the realm beyond death ... to take vengeance on the living . Realm beyond death . Tell me . In the Zanga tradition , is it possible to return from this realm ? Our shaman says the proof is all around us ... painted by the hand of Saros himself . Is that so . If this is paint from beyond the grave , I want to analyze the pigment . Good heavens ! Redecorating , are we ? I made Veronica a Ouija board . Marguerite . That is a tool for charlatans ! Maybe back in England . The board is controlled by its users . There 's not a whit of evidence to prove that it could possibly work . I 'll be in my lab if I 'm needed . Are you okay ? Assai ... So , what really happened ? The spirits were restless . Oh , so the spirits were restless . All right . You keep your secrets . As long as nobody got hurt by whatever little ... game you two were amusing yourself with . Do you really think we made this mess for our own amusement ? There 's no telling what you 're capable of , Marguerite , without your coffee . I mean , if you could have this much fun with a Ouija board , think of what you could do with a full-blown séance ! What is a séance ? Scales , drives tubes , pentrometre , Ph tests , I got them all . science picnic basket by any other name . Sure you don 't want us to call you a taxi ? Ah , No , no . Just try to leave the walls standing this time . Come on , Roxton ! Good bye . All right , they 're gone . Now tell me why ... we couldn 't tell them what we saw on the mirror . Because we are going to have a séance , And the first rule of a séance is no non believers allowed . It causes the vibrations of the etheric planes or ... something like that . Veronica , What did you see in the mirror ? You know , George , a few days ago you were convinced Malone 's presence was moving journals around to help us out . Then an hour ago you were laughing at ... Marguerite 's Ouija board . I mean , what do you believe ? Roxton , I 'm a scientist . I don 't let what I believe get in the way of what I observe . Maybe so . But just for a moment , forget science , forget logic . Give me your best gut instinct , a seat of the pants wildest guess . Now what do you think made that pyroglyph ? - My best guess . - Yes . The pyroglyph is a series of ... hitherto undocumented phenomena ... that a series of chemical analyses might explain . Sometimes , Challenger , you 're not fun at all . Raptors ! More than one ! Stampede ! It 's almost as if something frightened them ! Yeah . But what in the hell can frighten a raptor ? There , that 's exactly who we saw on the mirror . Marguerite . Did you also see this ? Yes . You cannot do this ! This is a sign of Saros ! Saros ? That 's who we saw ? Who 's Saros ? A bloodthirsty warlord who was ... burned alive when the Zanga rose up against him . But we didn 't try to reach Saros ! We called for Malone ! - And Malone heard us . - He did ? Well , you said it yourself there were two spirits in the room ! Unseen spirits ! Well , he was here . We saw him in the mirror . And someone drove him away before he could harm us . Malone . But this time we 're going to get Malone back without Saros . Veronica , no ! It is too dangerous ! Would Malone wish you to endanger the lives of all the Zanga ? Listen , we can 't do anything until midnight anyway . That 's the witching hour . Would either of you like a cup of coffee ? The roasting pan ... No , right , okay . Well , I 'll make tea . Well . Now we know what sends raptors into a stampede . What do you say , Challenger ? A ball of lightning or some kind of electrical whirlwind ? That 's not important . Look at the pattern it 's making ! That 's identical to the first one . Which means this is not a natural process . Whatever that ball of light is , it 's under intelligent control ! Challenger , this is the one time I don 't think we find answers in your test tubes . We found a second pyroglyph . Yeah quite incredible . We saw it being burned into a field . - You saw who made it ? - No , not a person , More like a sphere of light . I was only joking about holding a séance , Marguerite ! It 's no joke , Roxton . Veronica and I , when we used the Ouija board , we both saw this dead Zanga warlord . Saros , That 's the same pattern was saw in the pyroglyphs . How 's that for a scientific observation . - We 'll proceed with the séance . - Finally , a voice of reason ! I wouldn 't put reason and séance in the same category . Sometimes , with extraordinary phenomena , it requires investigation by extraordinary means . Professor Challenger , It is too dangerous . Not if Marguerite knows exactly what she 's doing . Don 't I always ? We 've gone some time before midnight , and that 's the witching hour . I 've got things to square away in my lab . You know , everything is upside-down . You were the only one who though Malone was truly dead . Challenger 's the last person to believe in séances ! The truth is , I don 't know what happened to Malone , and neither does Challenger . Which means we 're the only two with open minds around here . I think it 's fair to say I have an open mind . It 's your heart that 's open , John . You 've been holding out hope that if we keep looking , somewhere we might find Malone . It 's not because you truly believe it . You don 't want to take that hope away from Veronica . Perhaps you are right . But don 't you believe that there 's ... something more to life than the here and now ? Sometimes when I think about what my life has given me , in the here and now , I wonder what more I could possibly ask for . Challenger says it 's time . Challenger , I don 't think this is the time for a group portrait . Right you are . Oh , Marguerite , light the candles ? Challenger , how does a scientist know so much about séances ? I spent several months in Chicago ... with a good friend of mine , Harry Houdini . Harry know it all Houdini ? Two-bit meddling magician ? I attended a dozen séances with Harry , and worked with him to debunk the fraudulent mediums ... and mystics who prey upon gullible people . I take it you 're acquainted with him as well . Let 's just say that when Houdini was in England , my séances survived his best efforts . And leave it at that . What you actually took money from grieving ... people who thought you could talk to the dead ? I call it giving people what they want . Let 's not forget that this séance is Challenger 's idea . It 's Roxton 's actually . And it 's not a bad idea . What ? Are we all ready ? first join hands . Okay , close your eyes . Okay . Clear your minds . I call Edward T. Malone . Ned , can you hear me ? Are you there ? Did you feel that ? It 's like the temperature dropped 20 degrees . That means it 's working . I really think something is going to happen ! Malone ! If you are among us , knock once . One very exuberant knock ! This is so wrong ! Perhaps you could ask him if we are at risk here . Ned , one knock for yes , two for no . Are any of us in danger for trying to contact you like this ? Let 's not get too carried away , Neddie boy . That 's two knocks , right ? We 're not in any danger . Try channel him through you , Ask him to speak through you ? OK . Speak through me , spirit . Let all of us hear what you have to say . Do not open a path for me here . Saros will try to take it . Follow what I have written . Do not try to open a path for me here ! Malone ? Upon your flesh shall I feast , and in your blood shall I bathe . - It 's Saros ! - And in your ... I shall live . your vile hearts your sons You let her go . Is over this Is it over ? We 've broken the circle , That 's supposed to be enough . Saros still has her . Marguerite ! Marguerite ! - That 's him ! - Marguerite ! NO ! I never meant for this to happen . I was trying to send you a message to tell you where I was ! How to help bring me back . But it 's so hard to try to get any of you to see me or hear me . I didn 't know ... that by trying to open a path for me , you 'd endanger yourselves . I won 't let you risk your lives . You mean too much to me . So you 've got to let me go . Bye , Veronica , I 'm going to miss you . I 'm going to miss you all . What happened ? Malone coldn 't have done this . Saros , the butcher ! How 's Marguerite ? Shaken but not hurt . I feel like I 've been kicked by a mule ! - A supernatural one at that . - Yeah , Thank goodness . Everyone 's all right ? You took a picture of what happened ? A photograph of something . Challenger , you are nothing short of brilliant . So they say . What have we got here ? Look at this ! Absolutely uncanny . They 're both there , Malone and Saros ! Don 't you understand what happened ? Yes I do . We opened a path for Malone and someone else took it . Veronica ! Promise me you 'll stop all attempts to reach Malone ! Assai ! I can 't promise that ! None of us can . If I cannot stop you , then there 's nothing that can stop Saros . I have to warn my people . Looking for something in particular ? I can 't stop thinking about what Malone said when he spoke through you . Do not open a path here , but follow what I 've written . But written where ? It 's going to take weeks to read them all . I have read them all , Marguerite . If Malone 'd had written anything about Saros or séances , I 'd know about it . Challenger wants to hold a second séance tonight . Maybe it 'll be easier for Malone to talk to us the second time around . Marguerite ! Veronica , did you really need to draw that . - I didn 't ! - So what is it doing here ? But why would Saros place his pattern in Veronica 's sketch pad ? What if we 're wrong ? What if Saros didn 't do this . Malone ? He did say , follow what he 's written . Written ! So Saros didn 't create the pyroglyphs ! Malone did . If the pyroglyphs are Malone 's writings , he 's obviously trying to tell us something . But what ? OH ! Malone , that had better be you . Marguerite , don 't interrupt the phenomenon . It 's a triangle ! Three knives pointing , triangulation . Co-ordinates for a specific location ! Somewhere there is a third pyroglyph . It 'll take days to search all the fields between here and the Zanga village . Not necessarily . George , you make me nervous when you get that look in your eye . Another 50 feet , and I 'll be able to see over into the next valley ! Careful Marguerite , keep the ropes nice and taut . So we follow the Summerlee River , to the Zanga village . There 's the first one . Thinking positively , it looks like ... Challenger 's new rubber ... formula might have solved the embrittlement problem . Huh ? In a month or so , the new balloon would have ... more carrying capacity and greater range . Who knows , it might even get us passed those updrafts at the plateau 's edge . Passed the updrafts and home . Why , Marguerite , I ... thought a chance out of this place would cheer you up . Me , yes . I don 't know how Veronica 's going to take it . What ? What ? Oh , nothing , just for a moment ... there it actually sounded like you were worried about Veronica . No ! Just worried about our division of labour if she ... decides to spend the next month moping in her bedroom , that 's all . My thoughts exactly . We came along the Malone Rift ... there 's the second one ! Maybe around to the south there 's the Krux Mountain . Ah the falls and ... here it is ! Challenger , look out ! Don 't shoot the balloon ! Challenger ! Come on ! Come on ! Help ! Down ! You actually enjoyed that , didn 't you ? Well , I lived through it , and that adds to the enjoyment of every experience . Now we found the third pyroglyph here , and that 's describing a triangle with this point as its center . Then that must be where Malone wants us to go . It 's a rocky outcrop in dense jungle . So you 're going to have to move quickly in order to cut a trail for us before midnight . I 'll have to cut the trail ? You and Marguerite . I have to go back to the tree house and get Veronica , and a few items we might need . What do you know that we don 't know all of a sudden ? Now that we know where Malone wants us to go , I realize we are not just dealing with opening a line of communication to the other realm . We have to create a physical connection . - Will that be safe ? - No , not at all . I suspect we 've already opened a path for Saros ... to gain a foothold in our world . The longer that path is open , the easier it will be for him to return , with or without our assistance . - So then we have to close the path . - As quickly as possible . Then how will Malone get back ? To be honest I 'm not sure he can . Okay , I 've got it , We 've found the third pyroglyph , so now we know exactly where Malone wants us to go . I knew Malone was trying to tell us something . But what does the photo plate have to do with it ? It 's for the séance Marguerite is going to conduct . It carries a physical imprint of Saros , which gives him a psychometric link to our world . But ... by destroying the plate at the proper time , in the proper place , that link can be broken . Malone 's image is on that ! Won 't his link be broken too ? Not if you choose something from your personal belongings that has great meaning to both you and Malone . You are going to be his link to our world . You are his only chance . The X marks the spot . That 's where Malone wants us to go ? a cave ? - After you . - If you insist . I do . Malone 's handkerchief . Good . He left it on the riverbank the day we first ... Umm ... we went swimming and ... he was being so funny ! We were splashing around like ... I just know it 's a day that I 'll always remember . We all know that you and Malone were , are very close . Maybe we could be something more , I don 't really know . But I 'd like the chance to find out . What 's so special about this cave ? How are we going to know when we reach the right spot ? I think this is the right spot . Yeah . These are standing stones , dating back to the Druids . They are much older than that ! How do you know that ? I just do . It 's ... like I 've seen this place before or somewhere like it . You have been to Avery ? Yeah , I used to live near there as a child for a year or two . That must be what I remember it . Playing on the fairy rings and standing stones . Why would Malone lead us so deep into the jungle ? I suspect he is direction us to an extremely strong ... intersection of earth energy lines . Perhaps the most powerful on the entire plateau . Just what we need . More power for Saros . And a more power for a path for Malone . Are you ready ? Ask Marguerite . She looks like she know what she 's doing . Marguerite , you 've already created a link with Malone . So call him again , just as you did in the tree house . Won 't that bring Saros ? If Challenger 's right , Saros is almost halfway here . I call Edward T. Malone ! Oh , you 're making this look easy , Malone . What 's going on , Challenger ? The path between our world and ... the other realm is now completely opened . Over there , through the light . Is that Malone ? Saros . I don 't think he likes being shot at . He 's still part of the other world , - I can 't let him get the plate ! - Now Challenger , Destroy it ! That risks severing the link to Malone is back with us . Do what you 've got to , but do it fast ! - Call Malone . - Pay attention , Malone ! Over there ! Come back to us , Malone ! Come back ! Concentrate ! Be concentrate ! Malone , get back here ! This instant ! Focus on Malone . Ned ! I 'm going to try to weaken the link with Saros . Hello ? No ! Challenger , now ! I 'm back ! Ned ? Malone ! Malone ! Glad to see you back , Neddie boy ! It 's a real mystery . I don 't know how I did this . So much of what I experienced seems like a dream or a nightmare . I just can 't remember the details . The important thing is that you are back here with us . Where you belong . Looking better than ever , I must say . Thank you , and thank you all for not giving up on me . Oh not us . I knew you wouldn 't leave me ... us ! All of us . I bet you 're starved ! You know what I would love ? - What ? - What ? Is there any coffee ? Of course there is ! Around here it 's a necessity . Thank you . - Challenger ? - Not with the claret . Thank you . *
