 You see , river symbolises the winding journey of life , from birth to death , and everything in between . To travel down river is the natural order , and life spills out into the great abyss . And to travel upriver is to return to the source , the moment of creation . What do you think happened to the people who made this ? I don 't know , but I bet if I could read those glyphs I could tell ya . Driven off by the constant inundations . There 's evidence all along the riverbank of frequent flooding . I 've taken soil samples to analyse back at the tree house . Do you think Marguerite could translate these symbols ? Oh , I 'm sure she could provide some insight , It 's a pity she wouldn 't come on this expedition . She needs to get out more . Two days in the jungle , looking for an ancient rock ... is not exactly Marguerite 's idea of fun . Unless it 's leads a way off the plateau ... Which this river obviously doesn 't . Begins in the mountains , ends in the inland sea . - Did you hear that ? - It 's just the wind . Not wind ! Arrows ! Take cover ! I can 't see our assailants . Just their damn arrows . - Hagins ! - Ah ! Where did he come from ? I don 't know , but he must be the one the Hagins are after . We can 't just leave him there . - What are you doing ! - No , Veronica , no . He 's going to get himself killed ! That was the stupidest thing I 've ever seen . I had to do something ! - Oh , you ... - Take it easy . upriver ... - two day from now ... - I 'll get some water . No , no ... Pierson Rice ... you have to find him ! Pierson Rice ! Good heavens ! Find him or else ... two days from now ... Who 's Pierson Rice ? A world renowned explorer . Roxton knew him in Africa . But he 's been missing for ten years now . Apparently he 's not missing any more . Let 's get out of here . At the dawn of the last century A band of explorers searched for a prehistoric world Driven by ambition Secret desires A thirst for adventure And seeking the ultimate story They are befriended by an untamed beauty Stranded in a strange and savage land Each day is a desperate search for a way out ... of the Lost World Come on ! Let 's get them . Malone ! What 's the matter with you ? take it easy ! - They 've tried to kill us . - Malone , we 've beaten them . Let them go ! We could have had them all ! Ever since your miraculous escape from the so-called spirit world , you 've acted like you 're invincible . Maybe I am , none of the arrows didn 't even touch me . You 're flesh and blood just like the rest of us , Malone . Which means you can die just as easily . What are we going to do about this Pierson Rice ? If he 's in Hagin territory , he 's either dead or captured by now . Perhaps , by I wonder what this man meant by ... 'or else , two days from now Execution ? Ritual sacrifice ? Veronica , what do you know about these Hagin people ? My parents visited their settlement once . They 're fierce hunters , but they pretty much keep to themselves . Until now ! If they do have Pierson Rice and he 's still alive ... we need to try and get to him . What about Roxton and Marguerite ? It 'll take them at least two days to get here ... And two days according to our friend is too late . Maybe we should go on without them ... If we 're all agreed ... it could be very dangerous . I don 't see any other choice . I 'll send a mirror signal to the tree house . If Marguerite and Roxton can get a canoe from ... the Zanga to travel by river , they could cut their travel time in half . - Marguerite will be thrilled . - It 's not Marguerite that concerns me . It 's Roxton . She 's only a bird in a gilded cage , A beautiful sight to see . You may think that she 's happy and free from care She 's not , though she seems to be . How 's that , Marguerite ? Warm enough for you ? Marvelous , Lord Roxton , keep it coming ! Your wish is my command , my queen . Although I could do without the serenade . - OH ! - Blast it ! Challenger , you and your confounded contraptions . Hey , what 's going on ? Ah ! Let 's see . A little earlier . Roxton , I haven 't finished yet ! Continuing up river into hostile ... region ... near a village ... come as ... quickly as you can ... I believe ... Pierson Rice could be in trouble there . Pierson Rice ! You 'd better have a good explanation . What is it ? Pierson Rice is here . - Where ? ! - Not here . Upriver where Challenger and the others went to exploring ... And who , may I ask , is Pierson Rice ? What ? OH ! A man I once aspired to be . Although he was a vain , arrogant , and bombastic man . A bully by any other name . - He must die hard . - Not hard enough . I thought he was dead . He disappeared ten years ago in the mountains of Peru , investigating the Machu Pichu . Where did you meet him ? Kenya ... I knew him by reputation , when my brother and I joined his expedition , I was ecstatic . I followed him around like a faithful puppy dog . Was with this Rice ... your brother ... when it happened ? Yes . You know when ... that giant ape dropped out of nowhere ... and started mauling my brother ... hell , I didn 't know what to do ! I raised my rifle . I could ... feel Rice watching me ... heard him egging me on ... and ... as I ... cradled him in my arms , feeling his life expire , all Rice could do was ... crow about the bloody ape , what a magnificent trophy ... oh what a incredible shot , he said . Right through the heart at a hundred paces ! Right into my brother 's chest ... You don 't deserve this . Have you suffered enough over this already . Perhaps . But right now Challenger , Veronica and Malone , they are heading into dangerous territory , and we have to go after them . And help save a man you most despise ? Well the Hagins were here all right . Must have chased the villagers off or taken them prisoner . The more I see of their handiwork the less ... impressed I am by these blond , fair-skinned savages ... My father said they were descended from a Dutch expedition ... They came here over 350 years ago . Not particularly friendly , but they allowed my parents to pass through their territory unharmed . Most likely recognized their resemblance to their forebears ... Though they showed no mercy to that European we found in the jungle . Obviously something happened to stir them up . Leadership wrangle , perhaps . They used to be ruled by a queen . Very superstitious , distrustful of strangers , or ... anything that threatened their social order . That doesn 't say much for the survival chances of ... Pierson Rice , He 's not known for his diplomacy . Well , we 've got guns and lots of ammunition to fight the Hagins ... It 's a fight we should avoid . There 's only three of us . Inside their territory we wouldn 't stand a chance . Oh , there it is . It 's good of the Zanga to lend us a boat . Too bad they couldn 't supply a couple of people to help us row it ! You heard what the shaman said . The Zanga are afraid of the Hagin . Only the fearless and foolish venture into their territory . Yeah , well . Which category does that put us into ? Somewhere in the middle , I would imagine . Fearless enough to go after our friends , and foolish enough to risk our lives for a man like Pierson Rice . Oh , nevertheless ... if he 's on the plateau , He must obviously know a way off . Obviously ? Haven 't we both been here long enough to know that nothing is ever obvious ? or certain . Did you say Roxton knew this Pierson Rice from Africa ? They were on safari together in Kenya . Not the one where Roxton shot and killed his older brother . It was an accident , terrible tragedy . Roxton 's never forgiven himself and I don 't think he ever will . That 's why you were so worried about him ! When they got back to England , Rice took great delight in narrating the gory details of the tragedy . He even wrote a lurid account that was published in the tabloids . - Oh , poor Roxton ! - Indeed . Then a short time later his father died . Roxton , of course , was devastated . He didn 't know which way to turn . So he traveled through Asia along , across the Himalayas , and finally taking sanctuary in a Tibetan monastery . Roxton lived with Buddhist monks ? Studied their beliefs , practiced their disciplines . Somehow it seemed to heal him . Tibet as you know is the source of four of the world 's great rivers . The Yangtze , the Mekong , the Indus , and the Ganges . The source . Where life begins . And where life began again for Roxton . - What is it ? - Hagin . Is he dead ? It could be a trap . Throw down your weapons ! Malone ! What are you doing ! Tell the savages to back off ! Kill them all ! Tell ' em . Drop the crossbows , or you 'll be the first to go . - That won 't save you . - Ned ! Don 't be crazy ! Malone , it 's not worth it , we can talk this thing out . I don 't think that 's an option , Challenger . I said kill them ! - Malone ! - Ned , put down the gun . - No ! - Don 't hurt her ! - I should kill you right now . - Who are you ? Are you part of Rice 's expedition ? What is Pierson Rice to you ? - I knew him in England . - Why did the Hagins kill that man ? Because he was a coward and a traitor . Who made you his judge and jury ? I did . We don 't want any trouble . Then you shouldn 't have entered into the Hagins ' territory . Take them ! It 's a pleasant day for a boat ride , I must admit . Yeah , well let 's hope it stays that way . Do you always have to be so gloomy ? I believe cautious is the word . And I 'll feel much better when we catch up with Challenger and the others . Aren 't you the one who 's always saying we should spend more time alone together ? Yes , but I do prefer a more relaxed environment . What 's that ? Looks like a scarecrow of some sort . It 's a Hagin warning sign , to mark their territory I would imagine . okay , I guess the fun part 's over . Let 's just keep on going , Marguerite . It 's only made of grass and wood . How much ammunition do we have ? - Damn it ! I forgot to bring it . - What ? ! Hah ! I was only joking . Not funny ! All right , all right , we get the message ! Relatives or enemies do you thing ? I guess they ran out of grass and wood . You 're making me very nervous , Roxton ! I am ? No chance of turning back , I guess . Not until we find the others . This place is much larger than I expected . Must be a thousand people or more . What do you thing they 've done with Pierson Rice ? Well he 's not on display in the town square ... that 's a good sing I suppose . What about this guy , do you think he 's gone Hagin ? He appears to have taken over . Are the Hagins still ruled by a queen ? She lives in that house . Oh we 'd like to meet with her , explain our purpose here . I know your purpose . Down stairs . After you . I should enjoy reading your personal accounts . You will be writing anymore . Are you all right , Malone ? Never better . Is this when you keep Pierson Rice ? Guest 's quarters for the uninvented . Kind of romantic in a way , this river . Reminds me of the Thames . London never looked like this ! Well it may have ... a few thousand years ago . Do you worry me when you star talking like that . Makes me think that you never want to go home . Notwithstanding the hardships we 've encountered , Challenger 's expedition has been one of the highlights of my life . - Something is coming . - A canoe . - There 's no one in it . - No one we can see . Looks like a Zanga docked out . I thought the shaman said The Zangas didn 't come up this far ! Only the foolish and the fearless . Hello ? Anyone on board ? - Keep your rifle ready and aimed . - What do you thing I 'm doing ? Oh my god . These Hagins certainly don 't fool around . We could be heading for an ambush ! Let 's just keep on moving ... carefully . Oh yeah . This place is like a tomb . Stone walls , stone floor . We never dig our way out . It 's like a Medieval torture chamber . Oh , it 's more like a workshop ... for smelting metals , I would say . Palace cutlery ! Interesting observation , Challenger , but how does that help us get out of here ? The Hagins despise the long isolation . Appear to have preserved some of their ancestors knowledge ... and technical advantages . What do you think they did to Pierson Rice ? Pierson that is more to the point ... I can 't help but ponder the dying man 's cryptic last words : two days , he said . He was certain something was going to happen . Oh well , if he was lucid . Two days including today will mean tomorrow . These iron rings are interesting ... And that chain could prove useful ... Yeah , we can chain ourselves to the walls and save the Hagins the trouble . Oh , we can do much better than that , Malone . Do you know what he 's talking about ? No , but that 's usually a good thing . What do you have in mind , Challenger ? Spanish windlass . Well if that 's anything like the Spanish Inquisition , don 't want to hear about it . Well I suppose it could be use as an implement to torture ... but its most common purpose ... it 's to drag to heavy object closer together , now . See if this chain is long enough for our purposes . If you say so , Professor . She 's only a bird in a gilded cage ... A beautiful sight to see ... Oh , really , Marguerite , one would think that 's the only song you know ! Well , it 's the only one that comes to mind . If it bothers you , try sticking ... wax in your ears . It worked for Ulysses . No , his men actually . And let 's not forget the beautiful sirens who lured men to their deaths ... Yeah , such an inspirational story ! That 's what your singing reminds me of ... a Greek tragedy ! - Oh ! - Ey ! What do you suppose that is ? - A fish . - Must be a big one . More like a crocodile , or should I say a cayman . A big brute by the look of it . And it 's coming right for us ! Where 'd it go ? Who cares ! Just keep moving . It 's a bloody Plesiosaur ! I thought Challenger said these things only live in salt water ! Remind me to correct him on that point ! - He 's going to ram us ! - Out the boat now ! - Hurry up ! - Oh really what 's your rush ? It 's a bloody freak without a paddle . Sitting down to greet the Hagins , oh ! I guess Marguerite you just have to charm them . Maybe they 'll appreciate your singing too . It 's clearly long enough . So far so good , Okay , now what ? Well , we need a long piece of wood or an iron bar . Ah ! Here . Would this do ? Oh yes , that is just splendid . Open the door . - Somebody is coming - Quick ! We 'd better dismantle this thing . Your host would like to meet you . - The queen want to see us ? - It 's dinner time . Let 's go ! Looks like Challenger and the others passed through here . Too bad they didn 't wait for us . At least we are on the right trail . They can 't be more than a day ahead of us by now . Is that all ? It 'll be getting dark soon . We need to find a place to camp . As long as we can build a fire . This is Hagin territory , Marguerite . Fires attract attention . We need to rely on each other for warmth . How did I know you were going to say that ! What is all of this ? Looks like a banquet , fit for a king . Right you are , Professor Challenger . And I am the king . You ! - You rule these people ? - Oh ! Any day now . Is this the same Pierson Rice that Roxton knew ? Where 's the queen ? Your astonishment amuses me . How did you pull this off ? Oh , please be seated as my honored guests ... and let me tell you about my conquests and my ... rise to power . Oh , this is Yoma ... daughter of the queen , and my bride to be . One must never apologize or show regret ... for actions taken to realized one 's destiny . What 's your destiny Pearson ? Oh , isn 't it obvious ? Haven 't you see the size of this community ? Can you imagine its potential ? All we 've seen so far is murder and aggression . Ah , the acid-tongued journalist . I 've been reading your work . Oh I 've sure to put in a chapter about despots and petty tyrants ... - when I publish it in America . - Oh , I don 't think so . Burn this rubbish . You see , there is no way off this glorious Plateau . - No escape - There certainly is . No Professor , I 've been here much longer than you . Going for 8 years now , and if there is a way back to the ... other world , I can assure you I would have found it by now . Something tells me you stopped searching a long time ago . Oh , she speaks . I thought you were Challenger 's plaything ! As Yoma is to me . - I 'll give you something to play with . - Not , take it easy , Veronica . Just give him time and he must choke on his own greed . You haven 't certainly mellow Challenger , I 'm glad to see it . Now let me tell you how I came to rule over these simple souls . Let me guess you told them you are god preach tale-fairy and bring-storm . Oh quiet please this is my story . Religion isn 't about god and faith ... is about industry , science , technology ... and the wonders of the Universe . When Lawrence and I and unwitting colleague ... the poor rest you found in the jungle . When we arrived at this village we 've lost everything the rest of my expedition succumbed to malaria . we left them for the cannibals and carried on . All we have was a few guns some gunpowder ... a telescope and an almanac of the stars . You seduced this people with smoke and mirrors . You could done the same Challenger if you were so inclined . The Hagins are a superstitious bunch . When we arrived here , we were prisoners like yourselves . But when I realized the European origin of the Hagins . It wasn 't too hard to convince them that I really was a god . That I 've returned to them from beyond the stars . And I saw it to them through the telescope . Alpha Centura I think is called . - You think . - Oh , what doesn 't matter . Most of them believe me , enough of them to start a quiet revolution . And tomorrow my rise to power ... - would be complete . - Tomorrow . 19 November of course . Yoma 's mother is my only obstacle now ... some of the Hagings the older ones mainly are still loyal to her . But tomorrow when the stars streak across the sun ... and fire fall down upon the Earth ... those who believe in me will be safe . those who don 't will be forever damn belong with the useless queen . - He is going to kill her . - Is not I who is going to kill her Yoma . It is the will of the Universe . A power far greater than my own . Please you have to stop him . Yoma leaves us , go tent to your doomed creator . Is time for dessert ? I couldn 't stomach one more of your sentences . your perverse application of science discuss me . Tomorrow the Scorpions meteors shower begins . Completing a 77 years cicle . That 's right Challenger . Though I prefer to called it the day of my coronation . Not if I have anything to say about it . Say , I didn 't invite you here to talk . I invite you here to listen to my story and to enjoy your final meal . Lawrence when the guest 've finished eating ... please escort them to their quarters . We must be getting close to the Haging 's village by now . Oh , I hope so , we 've been walking all bloody night ... then on the other hand what are we going to do when we get there . Find out what happened to Challenger and Malone and Veronica , Well , that 's quite a plan , Roxton ! Up all night thinking on that one ? The plan , Marguerite , is to stay alive and save our friends . We 'll work out the finer details when we find out what we 're up against . Terrific ! Shhh . Stop complaining . What is it ? The last thing we need is more unwanted company . They are carrying Challenger 's and Malone 's rifles . - That 's not good . - No , not good at all . What are we going to do ? A small diversion should do the trick . Wait here while I cut them off . - Then what ? - You know how to whistle ... . don 't you ? Drop your weapons ! Do it now ! What have we here ? - Who are you ? - Just a couple of neighbours . Now what have you done with our friends ? - Intruders . - Back off , now ! How long has Rice been running this show ? Long enough to make a difference . For worse it would appear . That 's far enough gentlemen . At ease . Come on out , Rice ! Don 't make me knock . John Roxton . This is a pleasant surprise . Don 't tell me you 've hooked up with Professor Challenger . Now that you 've mentioned him . - Where is he ? - And the others ? - And who 's the lovely lady ? - I have heard all about you , Rice . Tell me our friends are unharmed and being released right now ! Feisty ! Congratulations , Roxton . Your fortunes have improved . Oh really ? Well yours is about to change . - Where are they ? - Safely out of the way ... as you two soon will be . Once a fool always a fool . You 're no smarter than the last time I met you , Roxton . Oh , a little smarter , I think . You see once I held you in high esteem . Now I despise you . Bring them inside . When do you think Roxton and Marguerite are getting here ? Could be anytime now ... How are they going to deal with all these Hagins ? Roxton 's a clever man . He 'll figure out something . There ! Now we can star our own quaint revolution . Easy , that is . If those rings hold should be out of here in no time . You are tempting fate Challenger . Just keep twisting , Veronica . A little bit . Tighter . Right , now . One at a time , and quiet as you can . we don 't want to leave the Hagings just yet . Well , we are going to stop this madman , aren 't we ? Well , somebody has to . We 're right behind you if you have a plan . A plan ? Oh yes , we 'll figure something out on the way . All clear , let 's get to the jungle . Careful with those kegs now . What 's going on ? - Come on ! - We need your help . Back , the other way . What 's with all the barrels ? Gunpowder . But why are they taken it into Rice 's house ? To blow up and kill the queen . Yoma said her mother was inside under Rice 's orders . Yes , of course . Rice is going to exploit the meteor shower ... murder the queen and proclaim himself the new king . A sing from Universal powers he 'll call it . We have to get inside . Maybe we should wait for some heavenly distractions . What the hell are they doing ? I believe they are planning an explosion . That much I can see ! But why ? Haven 't you figured it out yet ? Playing God now , are we ? The role to which I was born . These barrels of gunpowder are set to explode as one , a huge explosion . A veritable apocalypse , if you will . And when my house blows up , apart from killing you both , it will also eliminate the queen . Seems like an awful lot of trouble to go through to steal a crown . It 's all about appearances . Who you appear to be , not who you are . If that 's the case ... judging from appearances , you are one ambitious lunatic . My poor simple Roxton . You never did have much of an imagination . When you shot your loutish brother , all you did was think about was the tragedy . an yet with one simple bullet ... you made yourself lord and heir to your father 's estate . I could only wish I shot you through the heart instead of him . Well , that 's the difference between you and me . I make every opportunity count . This glorious moment that is about to transpire is a work of pure genius . A new king today , a grand new palace tomorrow . And what glorious moment might that be ? You haven 't heard ? Well of course you haven 't . You 're not the scientist your new-found idol is . Challenger ? Where is he ? Oh , he 's buried , he and the other two that were with him . I want you to wait with Yoma and her mother . And when the show begins bring my bride to be ... out of the village square to join the grand festivity . It will be my pleasure . Bon voyage , you too . - The man 's a genius ! - The man 's megalomaniac ! You lay a hand on her , and I 'll kill you first ! After the explosion , if you can pull yourself together , I 'll be waiting for you outside . You know my children , I 'm the answer to your prayers . The powers of the Universe will reveal wonder things to us today . All questions will be answered and a faithful ... shall be rewarded . Time to move . - These are faster . - Around the back of the house . We use the trader 's entrance . Please leave me child , my child go . I said it 's time to go . Keeps your hands of my daughter . Oh no , oh ! NO ! It 's Malone ! Challenger , the ropes . We thought you were dead and buried ! Buried , but certainly not dead ! I knew this piece of palace cutlery will come at handy ... let 's get the gunpowder out of here now , before the whole place blows up . - Where 's your mother ? - Upstairs . Move it ! Power of the Universe bring your fire upon us ... proclaim the true leader of the Hagin people . Anyone but you , Rice . That 's masquerade is over . How dare you interrupt the coronation ! Interrupt ? I 'm just going to be the first to proclaim you enemy of the Hagin State . Get up ! Go ! Roxton deserves this moment ... Tell this people what a fraud you are ! Never ! The false pretense is over . How dare you walk away from me ! I am king ! I am god . Good shot ! Stand up , my people . Stand ! The true gods have made their choice . The man who falsely claim to be a god ... has been struck down by their power . We have much to be thankful for ... and many to ask for forgiveness . These strangers here have been sent ... to save us from our superstitions . To free us from the darkness we have lived in for so long . Now , in the light of day ... let us see the truth . Let us welcome our neighbours ... honor them for their courage . Let them join with us in our celebrations . You ... deserves our thanks most of all . You have led your friends in a noble cause . Why does he get all the credit ? We fought a sea monster to get here . A sea monster ? It was a plesiosaur , in fact , swimming in the river . Good gracious ! I thought they were strictly saline dependent . So much for scientific observation . Well that meteorite was accurate enough . Look at this ! It 's just so wonderful , isn 't it ? I feel a song coming on . Please spare us , Marguerite ! Not that bird song again ! Actually I was thinking about God Save the Queen . *
