 Ok , let 's begin with a generaloverview of the UDK user interface . Think of this as the interface at a glance.Now what you see in front of you is what you get when you first launch UDK.You get a little window with the Tip of the Day , and of course if you don 't wantto wait ' til tomorrow , you can click on the Next Tip button and cycle through these.I highly recommend you take a moment and read through these when you get some time.There are some gems in here that you might not otherwise have known.For now though , we 'll go ahead and close that ; which brings us to the Start Page.Now the Start Page is full of all kinds of cool information about UDK , about its features.There are downloads that you can grab , such as demonstration levels , entire games youcan grab from here . Also , if you want to know anything about licensing , it 's all available right here at the Start Page.Now , we 'll come back to this window , and some of the tabs associated with it , towardthe end of this video . For now though , let 's go ahead andclose this out , and this will give us the UDK main interface.Now , if you are completely new to working with any kind of a 3D environment application , perhaps such as Autodesk 3DS Max or Maya , then this might seem a little overwhelmingat first . But don 't worry , once you get into it , you 'll findthat UDK is very intuitive , very easy to use . So what I 'd like to do here is justkind of walk you through the key areas of the interface , just so that you can identifythem , and generally know what each part is used for.Dominating your view are these great , big four panels that just kind of take up allof the primary space , so let 's start with them.These are your viewports . These allow you to see your level while you 'reediting it , as you add objects in , as you change textures , adjust lighting.This is how you see what it is you 're doing.Now currently , it 's a little bit hard to visualize that.So what I 'd like to do is open up a level that is included with UDK , so that wehave kind of a point of reference , something we can look at here inside the Viewports.So I 'm going to go to the file menu in the upper left corner of the screen , clickFile and come down to Open . And I 'm going to choose " VCTF-Sandstorm.udk , " one of the included maps with UDK , and click the Open button.Now , this is the Sandstorm map from the game Unreal Tournament III.It 's completely playable , and we can edit it right here if we want to make ourown versions of it . The reason I 've opened it here , isso that we can get a quick demonstration of what these Viewports are for.Now , I 'm not going to go into actually navigating the Viewports , that 's somethingwe 'll touch on later in another video . But you see that using this perspective viewportin the lower left corner , I can look around the world , I can see all of the little objectsthat are placed inside the map to actually turn it into a playable game.I can see all kinds of things that the game player generally doesn 't see , or ifI want to , I can actually visualize the game exactly how the player might see it , includinglittle effects like lens flares and whatnot . Also , if I really want to get an idea of howthe game is developing , if I 've changed some things and I want to know how the playeris going to experience those , I can test the game right here inside the viewport.So I can just click the Play in Viewport button , and Boom , I 'm actually playing UnrealTournament III right here inside the viewport . So , here 's flying around in a vehicle , and of course shooting rockets ( because it 's important to be able to shoot rockets ) .So , let 's go ahead hit Esc and jump out of there.So , this is what the Viewports are all about . Seeing the actual environment that you arebuilding , being able to get an idea of exactly what the player is going to see while they 'reactually playing your game , and to be able to edit things on the fly.Now , there are two different types of viewports , you may have noticed.You have the really pretty one down here in the lower left hand corner , which has allthe nice lighting effects and whatnot ; you also have three other views surrounding this.These are your schematic views . Think of these like blueprints , or elevationprints . They show you what the world looks like inwireframe , and we can change that and work with that information in a variety of differentways , which is something we will talk about later on , once we start focusing specificallyon viewports . So , in short , that 's what these guys are . They 're just ways to see your level.Now , each viewport , you might have noticed , has its very own Toolbar.These are just a series of buttons that allow you to control the behavior of this viewport , if you want to change the way this information is being rendered to you , if you don 'twant to see it in this nice , pretty , lit form , you can change it to a variety of other settings.Like , in this case , we 're just looking at the lighting information.We 're not looking at any textures at all.Or if we want , we can just look at the textures and not look at the lighting , and we 'lltalk a lot more about these various modes a bit later on.Now , that 's it for the viewports . That 's really all I need you to knowright now ; is what they 're there for and some of the things you can do with them . Now , from here , let 's jump all theway to the top of the viewport . You 're going to notice some thingsthat are fairly standard in most applications . You have a standard menu bar , with thingsyou might recognize , such as the File Menu , and an Edit Menu.We 'll be going into each of these menus , and giving you an idea of what kind of optionsyou 'll find in each one , in specific videos over that . Underneath the Main Menu Bar , you have theMain Toolbar . The Main Toolbar is really here to give youquick button-based access to many of the frequently used commands that you 'll be usinga lot as you use the editor . Things like creating a new level or clickingSave if you want to save your current progress . You can open up a variety of different browsersto help you find assets to load into your level , and we 'll talk more about thata bit later . In short , really just your most common functionsare all found in the form of a button , here along the Main Toolbar.But that , of course , is not all the buttons . You 'll notice here on the left handside another stack of buttons . This is your Toolbox.Now , the Toolbox is here to allow you to put the editor into a few different modes.Now that sounds a little bit scary , it 's like " oh , the editor has all these differentmodes , I mean , what can we do in these modes ? " You 'll find that they 're allpretty specific . If we want to model geometry and actuallydo extrusions and move points around and reshape pieces of geometry , we have a Geometry Mode.If we want to shape the terrain of our levels , for example , we have this nice sandy groundplane , if we want to maybe change that and carve a canyon into it , we have a TerrainMode . Just some generalized modes that allow usto work in specific areas of our level , and that 's something we 'll covera bit more as we go forward . But there are other things too ; various objectsand articles that we can add into our levels , such as simple primitives , cubes , cylinders , cones , and whatnot . We can add volumes ; we can show and hide objects.It 's almost like an extension of the Main Toolbar.Various functions that you 'll be using quite a bit as you create your own levelscan be found over here , inside the Toolbox . Now , at the very bottom of your interface , there 's one more line . This is the console bar.Console bar is where you 're going to go to get a lot of information about whatit is you 're working on at the moment . For instance , if I select one of the objectshere , let 's just grab this dome . I 'm just going to click on it , andas soon as I do , right in the middle of the console bar it tells me that I have selectedStaticMeshActor _ 3002 . So , that is number 3002 of all the variousmeshes that have been placed in this level . Just a way to tell you what object you haveselected , but other information will appear there as well.As you move objects around , it 'll give you their location.As you rotate them , it 'll feed back their rotation.All sorts of things you can find down here . There 's an area next to this wherewe can type in the actual scale of an object ; if we want to stretch it , make it bigger orsmaller , we can do that by punching in numbers , and a variety of check boxes to control howwe interact with objects . Would we like objects to snap to the gridfor precision placement , do we want rotations to be snapped.So that we don 't get really tiny degrees of rotation , we can snap it to say , 15 degreeincrements , if that 's easier for us . At the far end , there is also a box for AutoSave , which I turn off for the purposes of recording videos , so that you guys don 'tsee an auto save window pop up while I 'm trying to talk to you.Generally , I would recommend that you leave this on.The idea of Auto Save is that while you are working , it will stop for just a moment andsave your progress so that in the unlikely event of a crash , you don 't lose yourwork . So , that 's a quick rundown of the maininterface . Now , just a review.The four big panels we have here are Viewports . Each Viewport has its own Toolbar along itstop . At the very top of the interface , we havethe Main Menu Bar . Down from here we have the Main Toolbar , whichis just a series of buttons that give us quick access to common commands.We have the Toolbox , which allows us to change the mode of the editor , as well as a few othercommon commands that we 'll be using as we rough out and block in our levels.Along the bottom we have the Console Bar , which gives us important information aboutthe objects that we 're manipulating , as well as the ability to control how theyare manipulated ; are they snapping ? Is there rotation being controlled in any kind of aspecific way ? So , there 's your main interface . Now , that 's not quite all ! There area few other parts of the interface that are by default , aren 't visible , which youneed to know , just at least generally about and how to get to them.The first , and probably most important , is the Content Browser.The Content Browser is where you 're going to get any asset you 'd like toplace in your level that was created in an outside source.Now , when I say that , if you are completely new to the world of game design , you mightnot know what I mean . To help illustrate , let me just open up theContent Browser . There are two places we can do it from ; oneis here inside the Main Toolbar , there is an Open Content Browser button ( notice thatit has a little tiny " U " on it for Unreal ) , or , we can go View Browser Windows , and choose Content Browser . In a nutshell , the Content Browser is hereto give us quick and easy , searchable access to exterior assets.These are things like textures , which we would have createdin Photoshop , or 3D models that we would have created in 3DS Max , or Maya , or one of themany other 3D animation packages out there . Things like sound effects , things like particlesystems ; anything that we had to create through any kind of exterior means to place into ourlevel , can be accessed right here . We 'll talk specifically about the ContentBrowser , and how it works , how you can navigate it , in future videos as we move forward.Now , this window that contains the Content Browser has several different tabs , and Idon 't want to go into all of these tabs right now , but I will mention one veryimportant tab , and that 's the Actor Classes Browser.This gives you access to any object that is integrated into the Unreal Engine 3 game engine.Things like cameras , things like weapons , vehicles , ammunition.Things that actually required some level of scripting to be integrated into the game canbe placed right here . These are different than assets , because they 'renot really the kind of thing that we would have created inside of , say , Max or Maya , though they may have a 3D model , they may have a texture associated with them , and inmost cases they will . These are things that required some levelof programming to integrate into UDK , and so we 're going to access them throughthe Actor Classes Browser . Now , this is something we 'll be usinga lot as we get deeper into creating our own worlds , as we need specialized objects , suchas maybe a weapon pickup , or a place to put a vehicle , or even specific kinds of lights . Alright , now that 's everything I wantto cover inside this very general walkthrough of the user interface.Of course , there are other parts of the UI that you will be getting in touch with.Just to mention a few ; we have things like the Cascade Particle Editor , we have thingslike the Matinee Animation Editing System , we even have Kismet , which is a visual scriptingsystem , but these are all things that will be introduced as you move further along.Right now , I just want to focus on these basic , primary parts of the user interface.So , let 's go ahead and move on from here , and go into some specifics on each oneof these parts , and you can learn more about these key elements as we go .
