 I don 't think we can put this off any longer , Marguerite . Challenger 's going off exploring for the day , and Veronica will be in the garden another hour at least . So you were right . This may be the last chance we have for a very long time . Just promise me one thing . Anything , John . Don 't laugh . Okay . Yours is the first move . One , two three , one , two , three , one , two , three . one , two , three , one , two , three , John ! What ? Oh , come on ! Whatever is going on up there . At least they are laughing . One , two , three ... Maybe we should start with something simpler . No , I think I know what I 'm doing wrong . So do I. Everything ! First , I think I need to hold you closer . It 's generally considered polite for ... the gentleman to let the lady breathe ! Ah yes , but the waltz is ... supposed to be deliciously improper ... and it should leave both the dancers completely ... breathless . - John ? - Mmm ? You could dance all along ! Yes ! I was born to dance ! Something 's wrong with the windmill again . It 's the electric fence . Oh , no ! she must have touched the fence ! Veronica knows better than that . What have you found ? Nothing . - Is somebody out there ? - No , of course not . You 'd better get her up to the treehouse . - I got her ! At the dawn of the last century A band of explorers searched for a prehistoric world Driven by ambition Secret desires A thirst for adventure And seeking the ultimate story They are befriended by an untamed beauty Stranded in a strange and savage land Each day is a desperate search for a way out ... of the Lost World I don 't know what knocked her out . She has no burns . Doesn 't look like she touched the fence at all . I don 't know what happened . I didn 't suggest you did . I 'll go get Challenger . No , you stay here with Veronica , and I 'll get Challenger . No , John , whoever stays has to repair the fence , before the raptors start coming around . You know how to fix it . Oh very well , but be back before sunset . Don 't worry ! I know the rules . Oh ho ! Thought you could get away from me , eh ? You my friend , are as contrary as my old colleague , Summerlee . Come to think of it , you even look a little like Summerlee ! Definitely of the family Scaribaeideae . Smaller than a Goliath , but larger than a Cieruo aegialian . You do look like Arthur ! No ! Not even on this plateau is that ... transmogrification of that magnitude possible ! * I know you 're out here ! I got your bloody calling card ! Xan ! XAN ! - Master Xan . - Approach ! As you commanded , Miss Smith has arrived . Excellent . Miss Smith , your presence ... honors my unworthy establishment . You 've got a funny way of making a girl feel welcome , Xan . And you have an equally amusing manner ... of treating your business partners , Miss Smith . Or perhaps we should call you by the name you used to purchase ... your ticket for tomorrow 's sailing . From here in Shanghai to Marseilles ... in only 28 days . What an age we live in ! Thank you , Callum . We took the liberty of removing this ... from the safe at the Hotel Astor , Miss ... Marguerite Montclair . One name 's as good as another . An odd sentiment for one such as you . What is that supposed to mean ? Would you care for some tea ? Why don 't you get to the point ? In my culture it is considered rude ... to discuss business ... before sharing hospitality . In my culture , it is considered rude to snatch a woman off the street , shove her into the back of an auto and haul her off to the docks ! So I guess we 're even . Miss Smith , we are anything but even . You see , we gave you the gold bullion , yet you have not yet ... given us the diamonds . I told you , Xan . That little uprising in Russia has thrown off the delivery schedule . We both knew there 'd be problems like this . There are problems , There are also attempts to leave Shanghai ... under an assumed name , without honoring one 's debts . The diamonds are on their way , Xan No , Miss Smith ! They are not ! All right , If you 're impatient , I 'll give you back your gold . And how is that possible , considering that somehow the gold in question ... has found its way to an agent from a third foreign power . Know this , Miss Smith . Many men have died ... for not meeting lesser debts . Could this day get any better . Callum . Miss Smith . I know why you think you are here , but you are wrong . If that 's true then I 've wasted five long ... years of my life following your trail . It IS true . From Shanghai to Constantinople , to Paris , Berlin , Leningrad . Every mile a waste , Callum . I doubt that very much . Master Xan does not permit such misuse of his resources . Oh , Xan 's a madman ! - You believed him once . - Never ! You believed him enough to steal from him . That 's a lie ! If you do not return what you stole from Master Xan , all your friends will pay the price ! What happened to the yellow-haired woman and ... the red-headed man is your only warning . Challenger ? What have you done to him ! Follow the path and you 'll find out soon enough . After that , keep in mind that you have ... only until sunrise tomorrow . Return what you stole from Master Xan , else lose everything . How did you get here ? How are you feeling ? Like I went ten rounds with a trog and lost . - Do you remember what happened ? - Somebody hit me . - I don 't know who . - I thought as much . I think the same person may have used this cord ... to short out the fence and start that fire . Why would they do that ? Disable our defences , make us more vulnerable . Maybe the fire was just a distraction . Distraction from what ? Nothing 's missing ! Unless ... Unless ? Marguerite . All right . You go back to the tree house and lock the elevator . Where are you going ? To find Marguerite . And you 're in no condition to argue . Challenger ! Answer me , damn you ! Oh , Challenger , I 'm so sorry ! No . Callum the next time you see Master Xan , you 'll both be in hell . Little jumpy , Marguerite . Where 's Challenger ? I ... I don 't know . He was working here but ... All his gear is scattered everywhere . I think it 's fair to say there was a fight . And it 's quite possible ... it 's the same intruder who attacked Veronica . - What ? - Just before the fire was set , Veronica remembers someone coming up ... from behind and hitting her . - Does she know who ? - No . Do you ? - How could I ? - That 's what I 'd like to know . But finding Challenger comes first . Looks like one person walked through here , dragging something heavy behind . Dragging Challenger . - Oh , no ! - Challenger ! Challenger ? He 's still alive . Cut him down ! Careful ! I got him ! Got him . What is this ? You recognize it , don 't you ? You know what 's going on here ! You know who did this to Challenger ! You know who attacked Veronica ! Yes I know ! It 's all my fault . Isn 't it always my fault ! What ? I can 't hide this from them any longer . - I have to tell you . - Tell me what ? You answer me ! I have to tell you the real reason I funded this expedition ... the real reason I came to the plateau . He 's got a couple of cracked ribs . The bruises aren 't anything serious . I 'll sit with him a while and let him sleep . Very good . We have a discussion to continue outside . All right . Let 's start from the beginning . Now who 's after you ? His name is Callum . He 's a soldier , I guess you call him . A soldier . All right . For which country ? Maybe mercenary is a better word . He 's half Asian , half Scottish , half I don 't know what . He doesn 't exactly follow a flag . Who does he follow ? Shanghai Xan . The crime lord ? More the warlord from the old school . Oh , you try the school of Genghis Khan , Marguerite . The Xan dynasty controls a veritable league of world crime . They traffic in stolen archaeological treasures , opium , guns . And I 've tangled with their bravos everywhere from ... Kenya to Tibet ! Okay , okay , So it 's no surprise that they 're here to ! Look , there are things about you that I don 't know , that I have no right to knows and ... to be honest , I don 't want to know . But how in ... God 's name did you get mixed up with the Xans . It started when I heard about this Plateau for the first time . What , three years ago ... when Challenger first gave his lecture at ... - the London Zoological Society ? - No , John . I first heard about the Plateau five years ago . I was in Shanghai . I was an interpreter ... for some private companies ... trying to keep business as usual during the war when ... the Russian revolution broke out . One of the negotiations I was I involved in ... took a turn for the worse . And to make up for his losses , Xan made a counterproposal to me . Behold the Ouroboros . More like half an Ouroboros . You know the legend ? The snake that eats its own tail . A representation of birth , death , and rebirth in a dozen cultures at least . That so many people are aware of it suggests ... that there could be some truth in the legend . You believe the snake is real . We believe in the legend of this medallion . When the two halves are joined , the people who possess it will unlock the key ... to its mystical powers to control space and time . Are you serious ? We have dedicated our lives and fortunes ... to obtain the missing half ! Everyone needs a hobby . Our agents have narrowed down ... the possible resting place to a remarkable ... plateau deep in South America . - Why remarkable ? - It is considered to be a nexus ... for supernatural forces and mythical creatures . - Creatures like the Ouroboros . - And others . Many brave men have traveled to this lost world , and few have returned . Oh , I can see where this is heading ... and it isn 't going to happen . Indeed ? First , I want no part of ... supernatural forces and mythical creatures . Second , I 'm not going to South America for you . As you are indebted to us , you have no further choice in the matter . If it 's gold you want . It 's gold I 'll get ! You know I can . So if this is just about money ... It is NEVER just about money , Miss Smith . Yes , but we all have our price . Exactly . And in your case , we know precisely what the price is . How can you . We know the value of a name , do you ? Excellent . We sense ... that some agreement has been reached . Keep talking . Your first task is make contact with one of our agents , an American scientist . His name is William Maple White . William Maple White . What , the man whose journals led ... Challenger to this Plateau is in Shanghai Xan 's employ ? He wasn 't employed by Xan . He owed Xan a ... debt and needed to repay it . That 's how Xan operates . Oh , I see . So you thought you 'd ... repay your sordid little debt by folding us all into ... your personal quest to find the missing half of the medallion . I did not force any of you to come here ! Now all Challenger needed was money . Between the zoological society , Malone 's newspaper , and the odd university or two , he would have raised enough funds . I sped up the inevitable . Look , I don 't care how you justify it to yourself . The fact is you lied to us all . I still think you 're holding something back . If you 'd let me finish ! Oh , please do ! But let 's get to the point for a change . Now what could possibly account for Xan being so ... fanatical he would have someone pursue you ... all the way to this Plateau ! He thinks I have something that belongs to him . - And do you ! - No ! No . All right . Very well . We 'll start fresh . I 'll accept your story ... and we 'll put it behind us . As ... long as you 're part of this expedition , for whatever the reason ... I 'll do everything I can to help you , and the others , to be safe from Callum . Marguerite ! Guns are the coward 's way . Fair enough . We 'll try this personally . John , no ! I presume you are Lord John Roxton . What if I am ? Then I believe you studied at the Jokhang Temple in Tibet . I was there for a while . So you know the Buddha 's Four Noble Truths . I 'd be happy to teach you a few lessons from the Buddha . Teach them to Miss Smith instead . Especially the Fourth Path . Otherwise when I return , you all will die . Sunrise , and no later . Dare I ask what the Fourth Path is ? Part of the Buddha 's guide to peaceful and harmonious behaviour . Why does Callum want YOU to teach that to me ? Well , you 're familiar with one part of it , Marguerite . Thou shalt not steal . Dammit ! What did you take from Xan ? Not only did you steal from Xan , but it was his greatest treasure to boot ! No wonder ... he 's moved heaven and earth to hunt you down ! - I had my reasons ! - Oh , more secrets ... if that 's possible . Or should I just accept that everything ... you 've ever told me from the first day we met was just a lie ! Not everything , John ! No more games ! No more lies ! I want ... the truth and the whole truth , or nothing ! I don 't know what 's going on up here , but you two are disturbing Challenger . Yeah , well he will be considerably more disturbed ... when he finds out that Marguerite 's friend is ... coming by in the morning to kill us ! What are you talking about ? Well ask Miss Smith , if that 's her real name . All right , stop ! If you two are having a lover 's spat , that 's none of my business ! - He is not my ... - I don 't care ! - Nobody does . - Well I certainly don 't . But if we 're in some kind of trouble , that I do care about . Now one of you two grow up and tell me what 's going on . The man who attacked us ... is after me because I stole a simple little ... medallion from his employer . All right . That 's a good start . - I take it he wants it back . - Would he ever . Roxton ! Where 's the medallion now ? Now is not the time for a coffee break , Marguerite ! Yes , I have it , since the day we left London , I have always had it . And I swear to you I will die before I give it back to Xan ! Marguerite , What we have to do is obvious . I agree , when Callum turns up ... in the morning , we have to make him disappear . No , we will give him back the medallion . No , we will not ! No ! I spent my last pound ... funding this expedition ! I 've endured almost three years of ... of raptors , cannibals , and Challenger 's bloody ... shifting planes of reality , all for this ! There 's not enough gold in that medallion ... to buy dinner at the Ritz what makes it so damn valuable ? It 's not valuable on its own , John , I have to find the missing half . Suppose you do . What then ? Well then I give both halves back to Xan . This isn 't about repaying a debt to Xan , is it ? This is about something else . Everything I told you is the truth . But it 's not everything we need to know . You have to trust me ! I really wish I could , but ... Veronica ! Give it back ! You know what you have to do , Veronica . This is a snake biting its own tail . It 's called an Ouroboros . I don 't care what it 's called . I 've seen it before . What ? It 's carved on the wall of a cave ... I used to play in when my parents still lived here . What ? A cave ? Where ? Halfway to the Zanga village . It 's not far at all . If you had told us the truth from the beginning , you would have found that cave years ago . I still don 't think we should leave Veronica ... there to take care of Challenger on her own . Callum 's after you , remember ... Veronica and Challenger will be just fine . Marguerite and Roxton have had arguments before , but I 've never seen them go at it the way they are now . Marguerite 's never been caught in so grand a deception before . Well , she 's lied and been caught at it . It 's not like that 's new , Challenger . Marguerite has led an unusual ... and daring life , and done things in the ... past that I suspect she regrets today . Well , hasn 't everyone ? Well , to a degree , But Marguerite 's past actions ... are no longer just her concern . Well , why not ? They were her actions , it 's her life . I believe she 's thinking about sharing that life . Share her life with Roxton , you mean . I have never seen two people so much ... in love and yet so determined to refuse to admit it . Care to check the compass , Roxton ? The Zanga village is that way ! If you want to lead Callum directly to Veronica 's ... cave , you be my guest . - He 's following us ? - Well , what did you think , Marguerite ? He said he was going to kill us if you didn 't give back the medallion . So I 'm certain he saw us leave the treehouse ... just as I 'm sure he thinks you 'll lead him right to it . You do care about me finding the missing half ! I 'm doing this for Challenger , Veronica and myself . And what happens to you ? Well that 's not up to me anymore , is it ? - John ! - You 're on your own , Marguerite . Which is where you obviously wanted to be all along . What 's this ? I 've seen this before too . So have I. It 's the Chinese morpheme for the element fire ... it 's also the symbol of the Xan dynasty . No , not this . " This . " Hmm , It doesn 't appear to be ... any language that I am familiar with . Did you see this symbol in the same ... cave where you found the Ouroboros ? It 's in my parents ' journal , The one Malone found in the hollow earth . There ! It 's most curious , Why would it be written alongside ... these unusual Celtic runes ? Look ! Veronica . What is the symbol of the Xan dynasty ... doing in my parents ' journal ? I don 't like the look of these old bones . Don 't worry , It 's not a dinosaur graveyard . Just the remains of one unlucky diplodocus . But that opening is definitely Veronica 's cave . It can 't be ! Veronica said she played in it as a child . That cave is volcanic ! Her directions were clear enough I 'd say that ... ten years ago this whole area probably wasn 't volcanic at all . Let 's go inside while it 's still safe . Who says it 's safe now ? I have seem this before . What ? This unusual mask was given to Summerlee ... by the Zanga shaman . Now look . It 's a Zanga symbol ? No , no . It came from a different village . But it 's utterly fascinating , isn 't it ? It 's as if there 's a connection between the Xan , your parents , and this other tribe . The same connection that was responsible for ... bringing Marguerite and therefore the rest of us to the plateau ! Challenger , you and my parents ... you 've worried about all the Plateau 's mysteries having only one answer . Oh , my dear ! We may have just stumbled onto the first clue ... of what that answer is ! This looks like the main cavern up ahead . If this is where Veronica used to play , I don 't see any doll houses . Unless of course she made them out of these , which wouldn 't surprise me . Veronica , what was the purpose of your parents ' expedition ? - Scientific research . - Nothing more specific than that ? From their journals , we learn your mother was a ... is a talented botanist . And your father a man of great scientific ... and engineering expertise . But What exactly brought them here ? I don 't know , Unless like Maple White and Marguerite they were ... forced to work for the Xan somehow . Don 't you even think that ! Your parents expedition had more than 30 members , and enough equipment and supplies to maintain them for years . Believe me , they came here for more than a missing medallion ! Then how did they find out about the Plateau , Challenger ? How did they know to come here in the first place ? I don 't know the answer to that mystery yet . But I assure you , nothing I have learned thus far ... suggests the answer that you fear . Well , I guess we have to cross this bridge . Of course we will , Otherwise it would be too easy . Well , it looks solid enough . Feels solid enough . Let 's go on carefully . Why start now ? John ! John ! Hold on ! Hold on ! You know , I had ... figured that part out for myself , thank you very much . Can you grab this ? Only if you care to share a nice hot lava bath with me . Get back now , Marguerite . Another tremor like the last one ... could shatter your part of the bridge ! It could shake you off your side ! I 'll be fine , I just need to find a few more hand-holds . Don 't you ever get tired of looking after everyone but yourself ? No ! Well , did you ever stop to think that maybe ... that 's why I did not tell any of you about ... Xan and the Orubouros ? Are you saying you 're protecting us ? None of you needed to know about Xan , Once you start dancing with the devil , Roxton , you can 't stop . But then , you were born to dance , so maybe the devil just leaves you alone . That bone will never hold ! Don 't you dare , Marguerite ! Too late to complain , If you don 't trust me this time , then we 're both dead ! You are infuriating ! And you are insufferable . Well , get me off this ? All in good time . Come on ! Thank you . You 're welcome . - Don 't move . - Well , now what are you doing ? According to the legend ... having half an Ouroboros . Makes it easier to find the other half . We 're heading in the right direction . At last . The Ouroboros ! It 's in there , I know it is ! Here , I 'm not doing your dirty work . Here ! I 've done it . Well , take it . Go on that 's what you came here for . Yes , but , uh ... There 's more to the legend , John . I don 't know how it 's done , but who ever touches the restored Ouroboros ... gains the power to be translocated to ... any place they most want to be ! It 's kind of like a genie granting a wish . And you believe that ? Well , I 'd like to . Go ahead and make your wish , Marguerite , Go back to London or Shanghai , or wherever it is you most want to be . Because I sure as hell know it isn 't here . Is that what you want me to do ? Well , don 't stay on my account , We could all do with a little peace and quiet around here . This conclude our dealings , Miss Smith , Since you are unable to complete your half of the bargain , I 'm certain Master Xan will burn the birth certificate ... you were so eager to trade this for . Birth certificate ? - He didn 't vanish ! - That part of the legend was wrong ! NO ! It 's over , Marguerite . It 's over . I 'll only be gone a few weeks , And there 'll be enough warriors with the Zanga party ... to keep any raptors away . If your journey with the Zanga can lead ... you to discover the connection between your parents ... and the tribe that made this mask , and everything else , then it will be a trip well worth undertaking . Stay out of trouble while I 'm away . Of course I will , Same goes for you too , - If you can . - Give Assai and Jarl our best . I will . You 'll be back before we know it . See you soon , You know , I found this remarkable beetle and ... I think I might go down to my lab and prepare some collection jars . Then I might try and pick up its trail again . Sounds like a full day , George , Well , idle hands ... I 'm sorry I have to ask ... but the birth certificate that Callum mentioned ... I know what you are going to say , You 're right . The birth certificate was mine . I was going to trade the Ouroboros for it . You 've never seen your own birth certificate , have you ? - You don 't know who you really are . - I don 't know anything . In the cave , what you needed was right in front of you . You could have just picked it up . Finding that medallion was the ... sole reason you came to this Plateau . But it 's not the reason I stayed . Whenever you 're ready , all your secrets will be safe with me . *
