 Crichton : Oh , you have got to be kidding ! Tell me there is some kind of sick punchline coming . Zhaan : Unfortunately , John , it 's true . Great ! Abso-fudging-lutely great . We must go after him . No , two pods out there would just compound the problem . No change in his course . He 's accelerating away from Moya . Let 's be anything but surprised . Our weakest link is often the smallest . Can 't we do something ? He 's about to exit the asteroid field . Peacekeepers haven 't spotted him yet , but they will shortly . Pilot ? I shall attempt to contact him again . Rygel , please respond . Your Eminence , I beg you , respond . Remember , Rygel , Moya 's baby has weaponry . Rygel 's already too distant , and the asteroids block a clear salvo . Rygel , listen to me . And listen very , very carefully . Hmm ? Tre bawk ru fishalto chenias prami bukeko . Huh . What the hell did you just say ? Something about his corpse and a body function . Oh , that 'll help . Rygel , what you are doing is wrong . To you , maybe . Rygel , they 'll take your head off . Whatever deal you cut with them , Crais will never honor it . Rygel , kill your engines , float dead . Maybe they won 't spot you ; let 's talk about this . And isn 't that the whole point , Crichton ? That 's all your people ever do is talk . I am a Dominar of action . One unarmed transport flying straight towards us . Makes no sense . A pity we can 't follow its trail back to the Leviathan . Any other vessels in motion out there ? Just our own outbound Marauder with the alien girl you adopted . Have you found my Security Officer assigned to watch her ? Why would the Hynerian be traveling alone ? Perhaps he wishes to become part of your collection . This is just a game to you , isn 't it ? On the contrary . I care a great deal about one thing . The knowledge of wormhole technologies the human Crichton holds locked in his memory . Sirs . This Hynerian royal was alone aboard the Leviathan transport . You want the Leviathan , the Leviathan gunship offspring , the other escaped prisoners , the defector Aeryn Sun , and especially you want the one called Crichton . Well , I want my freedom . Interested ? My name is John Crichton , an astronaut .. . ... a radiation wave hit and I got shot through a wormhole .. . Now I 'm lost in some distant part of the universe on a ship . A living ship full of strange alien life-forms .. . Help me .. . Listen , please . is there anybody out there who can hear me ? ... being hunted by an insane military commander .. . ... doing everything I can .. . I 'm just looking for a way home . They may not be on their way now , but they will be coming . If the Peacekeepers knew where we were , D 'Argo , they 'd be here already . Look , is it possible he 's just stalling for us ? Right . Okay . Well , let 's think this through . What do we know ? The map of this asteroid field you took from the botanist has allowed Pilot to plot Starburst path away from the Peacekeepers . Moya will not abandon her baby . Who is too young to Starburst on his own . is there any way we can use the offspring 's weaponry to our advantage ? Well , against a Command Carrier , until he 's fully grown , it 'll be like throwing stones . Well I can tell you this for free . I will not be taken alive . I 've been in the goddamn chair and I am not going back in it . I know of the concept , but there is no Luxan word for it . - Suicide ? - l am not talking about suicide . But it doesn 't look like we 're going to get out of this one , and if we 're going to go down , I want to go down swinging . Then we shall do so together . Oh , just to be in the warm glow of all this testosterone . The smallest ship Crais and Scorpius will send can overpower us effortlessly . Okay . What 'd we see ? Rygel flew that Transport right into their ship . Presumably screaming " l surrender " all the way . Yeah , but what if one of us did the same thing , but at the last second , veered off straight into the bridge ? A Trojan horse . Won 't cripple their operations . And what if the transport is loaded down with explosives ? What if we blow the holy hell out of their nerve center ? Would that buy us enough time for the rest of us to get away ? That 's your third helping . Mmm . That 's for my third stomach . That 's what happens , you see ? By the time it 's full , the first one 's empty again . Dominar Rygel , my Gammak Base is but a short distance away . Once seated in my Aurora Chair , your hunger pangs ... ( belches ) will be the least of your discomforts . Um , with all due respect , wrong . You won 't get anything out of me that way . Ask him . My physiology won 't tolerate it . He would be dead almost instantly . Oh , no need to travel to accommodate that . Look , if I were afraid , I wouldn 't have come , would I ? Pass the terleum mollusks , please ? I believe your offer was the capture of John Crichton in exchange for your own freedom . And the Leviathan and the others ... lnsignificant , Captain . A simple deal , to which I agree . Hardly simple . I also require a ship , a qualified crew , negotiable currency , a map to my home world and a full pardon . You 're lying . All right , I could forego the cash . You 're lying about why you 're here . No , I 'm not . You 're wasting our time . imprison him . We will capture the others in due course . I don 't think so . Look , I know him . John Crichton will not be taken alive . Now he 's telling the truth . And are you willing to help me capture the human , Crichton ? Chiana : I will not ! You can 't make me . Listen , Chiana , it is the only way . What do you care ? You 'll be dead ! You are the only one of us who the Peacekeepers do not hunt . I went down to their base with Crichton . They know who I am . That is why you must wear these restraints . I doubt I 'll be able to subdue them with those . When they board Moya , lock yourself in one of the cells , slip these on and maintain no matter how many times they ask , that we forced you to help . Don 't tell me how to lie . It 's one of the best things I do ! You are a real pain in the eema ! But one that I have grown to enjoy . Exactly how volatile is this lutra oil ? Not at all . But once it 's injected into containers filled with kronite shavings from the floor of Moya 's cargo hold , the mix becomes highly explosive . Almost anything will set it off . Say like , a high-speed impact ? John , are you sure there 's no other way ? ( laughing ) Oh , yeah . Ah , the tools of the chief anarchist . John ? I 've made new family here surrounded by all of you but now I sense it 's coming to an end . Well , it 's a Jerry Springer kind of family , but for what it 's worth , Zhaan , you are family . I appreciate your concern , Officer Sun , but I no longer require a chaperone . Are you sure , Pilot ? You seemed quite upset . Yes . Moya is terrified for her offspring and herself . That anxiety translates through her being into mine . Combine it with my own fear , and ... Pretty potent adrenaline surge for you . I understand . Officer Sun . Aeryn . You and I , we 've shared quite a lot in the time we have been together . DNA , for one . You 've helped me learn some rudimentary science . You 've kept me alive when no one else could . There 's no reason we all need to be recaptured . You have your Prowler . Don 't think that option hasn 't entered my mind . I 'm not going anywhere . Moya wants to know , have you come up with a name for her offspring yet ? In case something happens . She doesn 't want her son named by the Peacekeepers . Please tell Moya that it remains my honor to name her son . It will be a good , strong name that he will bear proudly . In freedom , if I have anything to say about it . I will tell her . Toward that end , we need the DRDs to start scooping kronite shavings from the cargo holds . Dad ... this is probably the last note in a bottle you 're going to get . Things have gone bad here and , uh ... ( recorder clicks off ) Why don 't I just start screaming and leave him a really happy memory ? is he anything like the man I met ? Oh ... no , no , no , no . The man you met was an alien who 'd taken the form of my father . But he was constructed from your memories , so was it accurate ? A little idealized but , uh ... mostly , yeah . You 're lucky , you know . When I was very young , one night , a soldier appeared over my bunk , battle hardened , scarred . Cool , your father . My mother . She told me that I wasn 't merely an accident or a genetic birthing to fill the ranks , that she and a male that she had cared about had chosen to yield a life . Mine . And what about your father ? I know even less . Well ... leave him a message . You never know . He might get it . ( groaning ) Excuse me . Do you mind ? You have eaten . You have bathed . What next ? A nap ? Hmm , as a matter of fact ... We must talk about your future . Hmph ! You 're clearly not the one to decide my future , Crais . What do you mean ? Well , you 've lost control here , haven 't you ? Not that it troubles me , but this Scorpius fellow . He 's obviously the one in power now . Be that as it may , allow me to make a case for my value in these ... negotiations , Your Highness . Hmm ? You madman ! Do you know what this is ? You madman ! This is your death certificate . Proof you expired . You 're early . Come back tomorrow . I am not your reaper . Scorpius is . Did you really think you could strike an honest bargain with a Scarran half-breed like him ? The moment Crichton is in custody he 's ordered your execution to show everyone what he thinks of traitors . Slow death . Why tell me ? Because ironically , we find ourselves in similar situations . No matter what I do , I have no life beyond court-martial , incarceration , execution . So what do you want ? To survive , as you do . And just how do we do that ? What the frell is he doing back ? You know what he 's doing back . It 's a trap . He was assuring Pilot that it wasn 't . And you believe him . Well , he wasn 't followed . Which makes no sense . This is definitely a trap . They wouldn 't just let Rygel go , I 'm sure of that . If given provocation , I will shoot him in such a way that he still is able to answer all your questions . No Peacekeeper tail ships . So far . Moya 's sensors detect no military activity directed towards us . Please don 't shoot . Of course , I would have demanded the same precautions myself . Off the ThroneSled , Rygel , and face down on the ground . Well , hardly . Then I 'd miss your reaction to whatever 's about to happen . And please , whatever your reaction , don 't let it include weapons fire . ( laughing ) My boy Crais ! Clearly an awkward situation . However , I have asked Dominar Rygel the Sixteenth for asylum , and he has accepted . By the goddess , that 's insane . What do you need asylum from ? Before I can answer your questions , I would feel safer in protective custody , with passions calmer . Protective custody . Pilot , have the DRDs check the Transport for tracking devices . At once . Chiana , reinstate the cell door functions on Tier Seven . With pleasure . Move it . As you can see , I am unarmed . As you can see , I 'm also unarmed . Crais : You 've always said you wanted to kill me . You knew . You knew all along . Tell them . Tell them ! Ka D 'Argo did not commit the crime that he was imprisoned for . His mate was killed by someone else . Aeryn : Her own brother . A Peacekeeper . You knew , and you kept him in chains ? No matter what I knew , only a tribunal order can release a convicted murderer . Crichton : Easy answer . Crais : There is much in life that is unfair . ( panting ) : We are all proof of that . Crichton : If life was fair , you 'd be dead . So . is there anything you want to say to me ? I think we covered it all when you left me for dead in the Aurora Chair . Good . I 'm going to go and check out their Transport . I still don 't trust either of them . ( hydraulic whirring ) What are you doing here , Crais ? Really . I believe my best chance is to let the Hynerian explain my position to you . You 're letting Rygel be your advocate ? You 're worse off than you look . Rygel : If you 'd seen Crais aboard his own ship , you 'd know it was no act . This Scorpius character is carrying Crais' mivonks around in his hip pocket . So you decided to take pity on poor Captain Crais . I don 't take pity on orphans , much less that butcher . However , as the mind that engineered our original escape and virtually every correct decision since then , I recognize his value . Like Crais is really going to help us . No choice . He 's a walking corpse on his own ship . All the more reason why Scorpius would not let him go . Again , for the tiny part of your brain that calculates strategy , we didn 't present it that way . Crais told Scorpius that , if he came here under a flag of truce , he 'd be able to convince you all to surrender . So Crais must know what they 're planning . Well , that could be useful to us . Possibly . But something went wrong . You went there to sell us out , Rygel . You bet your shiny blue ass , I did . But I didn 't . So make the most of it now . Zhaan , do I inject the catalyst into every one of these kronite shaving containers , or only the first row ? She didn 't say . Perhaps she doesn 't even know . D 'Argo , there won 't be much time later . I know . We 've had our differences , but you 've become someone I rely on now . I have become similarly affected . I 'm sorry I didn 't get a chance to meet your son Jothee . I miss being a part of his life more and more each day . Your blood runs through him , D 'Argo . That 's influence enough . I 'm sure he 's very much like you . Hopefully his mother 's nose . ( giggles ) I always thought I would live much longer . I never thought I 'd live this long . Zhaan ! Scorpius : Report , Lieutenant . As the vector narrows , our search team is confident of locating the Leviathan within several arns . Excellent , Lieutenant . Keep me informed . Any word from Captain Crais ? None , sir . Sir ? Permission to speak freely ? Of course , Lieutenant. lf you weren 't free to , I would not have you here . If you suspected the Captain might not return of his own volition , why did you let him go ? We all have windows of usefulness . If we don 't take advantage of them , our careers may fade . For example , my instincts tell me that your career may well be on the rise . How you doing ? Why would you ask ? I look at you , and I get homesick . I 'm desperate for human male to male conversation and I figure ... cars , football , they 're out of the question . Do you think it 's an accident our species are so much alike ? Do you know the answer to that ? No . It 's one of the mysteries I will miss solving . Yeah . Kind of makes you feel your mortality , doesn 't it ? Being in there . That 's what it 's like for us , every day , every hour , every minute , every second with you riding our asses . I understand you didn 't mean to kill my brother . It was an accident . I realize that now , as I look back and try to understand it all . Do you have any idea what you put me through ? All of us , through ? I thought it was about my brother . It should have been about my brother . Somewhere along the way my priorities decayed . I realized I 'd become more concerned with my own image and career . Do you mean to help ? Now 's the time . D 'Argo : The Transport Pod is almost loaded . Zhaan says that there 's enough lutra oil to cause an immense chain reaction . How long is Scorpius likely to delay attacking us ? Crais : Once he discovers your location , expect no delay . Fly a Transport into the bridge of a Command Carrier ? Suicide . The ship 's sensors will detect explosive content , and you will be destroyed well out of range . Zhaan : The kronite won 't be active until the catalyst is added . It will appear to be a perfectly normal Transport . With weighted tonnage , moving slowly ? What do you think , Officer Sun ? It 's a long shot but it 's all we 've got . D 'Argo : No . I have another idea . What does Scorpius value more than this Leviathan ? I 'd wager that precious research base down on that moon . The oil-covered moon . Brilliant . Light his world on fire . Rygel : No , Scorpius is no fool . He 'll never allow it . Perfect . If he is as clever as you all say that he is , he will see the weight and explosive content for exactly what it is . A flying ignition source . Which would force him to do what ? Theoretically , to turn and pursue , closing range to destroy you . And when they change course ? Moya has the time to get clear of the asteroid field and Starburst to freedom . - Solid , D 'Argo . - What about Moya 's baby ? Oh , he tucks in close and we take him through Starburst with us . Someone still has to fly it , though . One of us will have to sacrifice ourselves for the others . Crais : Your plan is flawed . Scorpius will not chase the Transport , because there 's one thing that he values more than his precious base . It is not open for discussion . You 're being ridiculous . We were going to draw lots . I did draw lots . I lost , matter closed . You are not the captain here . No one is. lt is anarchy . And today , it is my day to rule . D 'Argo , will you just ... Listen to me ! Time is short , and so is my temper . Fetch me some more kronite ! D 'Argo insists on flying this suicide mission and says I have to stay behind and deal with Moya 's offspring . Well , he 's right . You 're the only one of us that the baby trusts . Have you selected a name for him yet ? No . Any suggestions ? Christening a warship is out of my purview . You know , you amaze me being a priest . To live in a such a violent world and yet somehow manage to keep your center . The instant I committed murder , I sacrificed my right to exist . Since then , I view every microt as a generous yet undeserved gift from the goddess . Aeryn ... more kronite . What 's the matter ? You 're going flying with that crazy Luxan , aren 't you ? Well , you heard Crais . Scorpius wants me , and if I 'm in the Transport it 's more likely to draw the Command Carrier away from the rest of you guys . Well , uh ... what if other people want you too ? is this some sort of weird alien send-off ? Call it what you like . I know no other way to thank you for what you 're doing . Never before the big game , hmm ? But thanks . You saved my life . Pass it on . What ? When someone else needs it , return the favor . You pass it on . High Command has responded to your communique , sir . Due to his now prolonged contact with the fugitives aboard their vessel , Captain Crais has now been officially pronounced irrevocably Contaminated . You are officially authorized to take control of the situation as you see appropriate . Congratulations , sir . Well , let 's prove them correct , Lieutenant . Search status ? Any moment and we 'll have them . I suggest we broadcast an appeal for surrender . Since that 'll only lead to an act of desperation , we attack unannounced . Orders of engagement ? Cripple the Leviathan so it can no longer function . If the offspring responds to our signal take it into custody . If it attempts to retaliate or flee , destroy it . You want Crichton . What of Captain Crais and the other fugitives ? insignificant . Dispensable . Sir . Crais : Magnificent . Kal tanega , chivoko . A crowning glory for whom ? For us , Officer Sun . Peacekeeper minds who believed that a Leviathan-warship hybrid was possible . Are you aware of other attempts to breed a ship such as this ? Numerous . All ending disastrously , killing both mother and child . But now I know why . Well , the other Leviathans were in captivity , wearing control collars , whereas this one was free when she gave birth . Your intelligence would qualify significantly for promotion . Pity. I don 't think a referral from you would mean anything now . To answer your question , this ship will have zero effect on Scorpius , no matter how it is used . Unlike his mother , this ship responds to direct voice command . By design . What captain would want a Pilot such as the one on Moya interpreting his commands ? This ship will never have a Pilot ? It can support one but why ? Why dilute the direct command and response possibilities ? Don 't get too excited . If we don 't escape from Scorpius there 'll be no possibilities . Agreed . This ship would have no part in our escape , and I repeat , ourescape . Not until it is fully grown . So let 's leave him right out of it . You 're not joking ? I can have your possessions ? If I die and you don 't , yeah , have at it . Why ? Well , you 're a material kind of guy , Rygel . Have some material . What does that mean ? It means , Sparky , that you 're a soulless bastard . I am not . Hey , who knows ? Maybe you 'll get lucky , we 'll all die , and you can have all our stuff . That 's not fair . Sparky , Spanky , Fluffy , Buckwheat the Sixteenth . You tried to sell us out . But I didn 't , did I ? They weren 't buying , were they ? ( gasps ) No . And I became convinced that after I turned you in , I would be next . Oh . Now how does that taste in your mouth ? Look , I know I can be selfish , but given a chance I can usually ... Do what ? Do the right thing ? Yes . Rygel , I figure the right thing starts at the beginning of the day , not after you 've been caught . Thank you . For the possessions . Aeryn : Why have you brought us here , Chiana ? Chiana : Zhann said we still had half an arn before the final batch of lutra oil distills down . D 'Argo : So ? So , I , uh ... I wanted to , uh , let you all know how much I appreciate everything you 've done for me . For each of you ... your favorite dishes . Krawldar .. . smoked pronga sinew .. . Hepatian minced stew ... and of course , crispy grolack . One other thing , Dad . You remember the day I left ? You told me that every man has a chance to be his own kind of hero . Well , I don 't think I 'm ever coming home , so I won 't get that ticker tape parade , and I doubt that I 'm ever going to have kids so I won 't get a chance to be a hero to them . But I think I know what you meant . ( laughing ) I 've got a strange life here , Dad . It 's different , but it 's my own . I have people who rely on me , people who I care about , people who mystify me , and people who 've become allies . Friends . And people who teach me patience , and people who teach me other things . Well , you said the time would come and I think it has . I have a job to do , and I am unafraid . That 's what you said when they asked you what it was like to walk on the moon . You did good , Dad . You taught me well . This is John Crichton , somewhere in the universe . Ka dare-e sincono , apudax a-helio frotar li pluro sincano . In the eyes of the goddess , all are equal , all are worthy . May your journey bear the fruits of success , of safety . Any blessings earned over time by my soul I now extend to you . I hate this stuff . Chicks love it . You know I 'd do the same for you if it made sense . No , wait , don 't read into that . It 's not what I meant . Umm ... Sparky , it 's okay . I know what you meant , and ... Thanks . So , you got any final words of wisdom ? Our pilots are trained to expect evasive maneuvers . Fly a direct course . Right . Come back to us . This holds the holo-image of your mate , Lolaan , and your son . Make sure that he remembers me . Remember , if you get this right , the Peacekeepers will be so focussed on the Transport Pod they 'll never notice the two of you . - Zero margin for error . - l 'll be there . - l can only last a quarter of an arn .. . - l 'll be there . I , uh ... I wasn 't going to say goodbye . Neither was I . Braca : A Leviathan transport has emerged from the asteroid field , just out of cannon range , heading slika vector nine ... Toward our Gammak Base ? Apparently , yes. I can engage the Prowler squadron ... Until you bring me more information , do nothing , Lieutenant . It could be Crais . It could be anything . Zhaan said to inject the lutra oil into the largest container . That will start the chain reaction . How much time do we have after it starts ? She was vague to the point that I suspect that she doesn 't have a clue . Excellent . Pilot : Commander Crichton ? Ka D 'Argo , come in . Pilot , what happened to maintaining comm silence ? Pointless now . Peacekeeper voice traffic indicates they are now aware of your presence and your destination . Crichton : Are they following us ? Negative . They remain poised to discover us at any moment . Good luck to you both . The visual image is still processing , but our intra-scan reveals the Luxan and the human to be aboard the Transport . Break position . Go after them . And notify the base . Tell them to expect to come under attack . But , sir , it 's just one ... Do it ! How you doing ? I have to pee . ( both laughing ) It worked . The Peacekeepers are withdrawing to chase Crichton and D 'Argo . is there enough room for us to Starburst to safety yet ? Not yet . And we 're going to give Aeryn every chance we can to rescue them . Why risk it ? They volunteered for this ! Oh , quiet , Rygel ! Pilot , please make sure the baby Leviathan understands that once Moya Starbursts he must stay close enough to be sucked along behind us . Yes , I will . All pursuing Prowler Commanders . This is Scorpius . The occupants of that Transport are to be taken alive . That is my direct , inviolate order . Crichton : There 's a fleet of bogies on the way . Fly faster , Rasta man . If I could fly any faster , don 't you think I would ? Just a figure of speech , D 'Argo . Figure less and speak less . Arm the kronite shavings . I 'm on it . Come on , you guys . Do it . Do it ! Pilot : Officer Sun , the offspring is not responding to my entreaty . Perhaps you should ... Call him by his name , Pilot . You have chosen a name for him ? Yes , I have . It 's Talyn . It was my father 's . Sensors indicate an explosive device aboard the Transport has just been armed . What shall we do ? Admire Crichton his strategy . If he ignites the oil surface of that moon , we will have to abandon our research and evacuate the base . Should we shoot him down , sir ? I cannot risk killing the knowledge that he possesses . And he knows that . Das-trak krjtor ! Kronite armed and cooking . Won 't be long before these babies blow . I 've set a crash collision course for the frelling moon . It 's time we got out of here . Hey , D 'Argo , how come I 'm not afraid ? Fear accompanies the possibility of death . Calm shepherds its certainty . I love hangin ' with you , man . My Dad 's good luck charm . Does it work ? I 'm alive . So far . Kirk and Spock . ( chuckles ) Abbott and Costello ! First base . Aeryn , go and get them ! D 'Argo can 't survive for more than a quarter of an arn . I know . Searching now . Aeryn , can you read me ? Yes . But I can 't see you yet . How 's D 'Argo ? He 's good . But we may have screwed up here . The Transport should have hit the oil sea by now . Whoo ! Whoo-hoo ! Ignition ! Look at that mother burn ! Whoo ! ( laughing ) All right , you guys Starburst the hell out of here . Don 't let this be for nothing . Just relax , John . We get one chance to grab you . That was the plan . The Peacekeepers are still moving away from us , John . Find them , Aeryn . There 's time . Someone has boarded Moya 's offspring . It 's Crais . Hey , you bastards . John Crichton was here . Aeryn , where are you ? I 'm losing D 'Argo . I can see you , John , but there are too many other Prowlers around . If I swing in to pick you up they 'll spot my maneuver and shoot us all down . Just try to hang on . Pilot : The offspring Leviathan , Talyn , has broken from Moya 's side and is operating independently . Ship , deeper into the asteroid field where the debris is densest . Crais , what the yotz are you doing ? Saving myself , Your Eminence . I 'm sure to your envy . Zhaan : Talyn is not mature enough to Starburst ! If you attempt this , you will damage him ! You may die . Thank you , Priest , but I know that . We 'll be fine . Where no one can follow us , you or the Peacekeepers . Crais , you listen to me now ! You stop what you 're doing and you leave the ship now ! Officer Sun , if by some strange quirk you survive your current situation and we manage to encounter each other again , I hope that our relationship away from the Peacekeepers will be a much different one next time . You cannot take a child from its mother ! You forget. lt was done to me and it was done to you . Goodbye , Officer Sun . No ! No . Oh , my Veen ! The Command Carrier . It 's coming back . Chiana is correct . Peacekeeper Command Carrier is locked on to our position and is moving in . You guys got to get out of here . Starburst now . We can not leave you and D 'Argo . No . We can 't and we won 't . Rygel , this is not the time to give up selfishness . Starburst ! But Aeryn 's not back yet either . I 'm not leaving John and D 'Argo . Aeryn . Pilot , Starburst . Save as many as you can . I believe that , too , is now impossible . Why ? Because Moya will not leave without her offspring . She fears Talyn does not understand what he 's doing by listening to Crais ' orders . The Peacekeepers are nearly in position to block our path . Pilot , patch me through to Moya . Uh , done . Moya , listen to me . We know how much you care about your baby . We feel the same way . That 's why we 've gone to all this trouble . It 's not just to save ourselves but to save you and him . Your only chance of rescuing him is to save yourself first . Moya , thanks for everything . Now , do what you have to do . Fifteen microts and it won 't matter anymore . Prepare for Starburst , people ! Goodbye . Aeryn ? I 'm still here . But I still can 't get to you . It may not matter . D 'Argo 's unconscious .
