 Lieutenant Velorek , this display of force will change nothing . This is not a display. I offer you one final chance to cooperate . I have been bonded to this Leviathan for 21 cycles . Two minds , two bodies , intertwined as one . Whatever your secret project is , I will not participate ! This Leviathan will do what I wish if you lead her to do so . You Peacekeepers subjugate us , torture us , and now you expect us to cooperate with you ? You have no understanding of the covenant between Leviathan and Pilot . I 'tk ar-t 'Keta . ( gasping ) Another Pilot ? He 's being held down at the Transport Bay , awaiting your decision . I insist you reverse the Control Collar anesthetic and reawaken this Leviathan at once ! You insist ? Lieutenant , what is taking so long ? I 'm offering her one last chance to see the folly of her ... You have secured a replacement Pilot ? Yes Captain , but ... Fire ! ( moaning ) How long will it take to replace it ? I can 't be certain until we extract the body . Then stop wasting my time . Get your unit working ! Move ! How far down there do you think it is ? I don 't know . We 'll find out soon enough . I hate waste removal . Keep your opinions to yourself . is that clear ? ! All : Yes , sir ! Crichton : Where 'd you find this ? Chiana : Top Tier . Digging through all the dren stored up there . It must be some kind of Peacekeeper recording device . Did you see what I see ? This is Aeryn . It shows she 's been aboard Moya .. . Peacekeepers must have kept these things running 24 / 7 to spy on their people . Crichton , that is Aeryn ! She 's been aboard Moya before . She killed a Pilot . My name is John Crichton , an astronaut . A radiation wave hit and I got shot through a wormhole . Now I 'm lost in some distant part of the universe on a ship , a living ship , full of strange alien life-forms . Help me . Listen , please . is there anybody out there who can hear me ? I 'm being hunted by an insane military commander . I 'm doing everything I can . I 'm just looking for a way home . Velorek : I 'm offering her one last chance to see the folly of her ... You have secured a replacement Pilot ? Yes , Captain , but ... Fire ! ( laser blasts ) ( moaning ) How long will it take to replace it ? I can 't be certain until we extract the body . Then stop wasting my time ! Get your unit working ! How far down there do you think it is ? I don 't know . We 'll find out soon enough . Keep your opinions to yourselves ! is that clear ? ! All : Yes , sir ! Aeryn : Yes , it 's me. I admit it . Are you happy now ? Zhaan : This shows you have been aboard Moya before . Why didn 't you ever tell us ? Rygel : Criminally obvious , isn 't it ? She helped murder a defenseless Pilot . Must have been about three cycles ago . I 've been aboard hundreds of Leviathans and I had no idea that it was Moya . Oh , so all non-Sebacians look alike ? That it ? I didn 't know , Chiana . Look , the Aeryn on that tape is not the Aeryn we know . It was a long time ago . Three cycles isn 't that long . Heh. I was aboard Moya by then . As was I . Maybe you were one of the ones who took a turn torturing me ! Ever torture a Hynerian ? Perhaps you helped torture me , too . No ! - Aeryn , just don 't ... Okay , everybody . Neutral corners . Let 's chill out for a microt . We all have things in our past that we 'd rather not have on instant replay . Zhaan : True enough , John . But I still can 't accept the cold-blooded slaughter of such a helpless creature . Oh , it 's perfectly fine to cut off one of his arms then , is it , Zhaan ? Peacekeeper murderer ! Aeryn , no ! Don 't . You 're not helping your case . Chiana : What have you guys been thinking all this time ? What , she was out picking baskets of Rawlis buds while all the other mean Peacekeepers did all the really nasty stuff ? She was a Peacekeeper . Yes . I was a Peacekeeper , and things were very different then . My priorities , my values , and my relationships . Officer Sun . Wish you were back flying Prowlers again , eh ? You 're a very fine pilot . I 'm glad you were reassigned to fly my transport . We were in space for 22 solar days , and not once did you ask what the cargo was . I get yanked from Prowler duty without cause and reassigned to transport duty . That 's fine . I do what I 'm ordered to do . But that doesn 't mean I have to be interested . Healthy curiosity isn 't against regulations , officer . Asking questions is . And besides , if I had a question to ask of my superiors , it would be " why was I pulled from Prowler detail and when do I get to go back ? " ( muffled groaning ) The replacement Pilot . Aeryn , you saw Pilot . Our Pilot , being brought onboard ? I was sent on the cargo transport mission and that was my cargo . If I 'd known that it was Moya , that it was our Pilot , I would have said something long ago . I can 't tell if you 're lying or not . One thing I do know . For all our sakes , Pilot had better neversee this recording . Zhaan : What 's done is done . There 's nothing we can do about it now . If you 'll excuse me , I 'd rather spend the next few arns alone . Chiana : So , our Pilot wasn 't Moya 's first Pilot . Well , I su ... sure didn 't know you could replace them . You can replace them all right , but it 's a long , difficult , dangerous procedure . I think I 'll go and check up on Zhaan . So , the guy on the tape . That was his job ? Replace Miss Pilot with Mr. Pilot ? It was Velorek 's job to bond the new Pilot to the ship , to Moya . Any way he could . ( chattering fearfully ) Remember what we discussed . Remember what we discussed ! There 's nothing to be afraid of . I can 't understand what he 's saying . He 's speaking in his species ancient language . One sentence can carry over a hundred different facts , concepts , emotions . Far too complex for our translator microbes to interpret . Once he 's calmed down , once he 's comfortable here , then he 'll start to simplify his sentences for us . Man : Attention , sir . ( screaming ) You will straighten out and you will do so immediately ! is that clear ? ( panting ) Captain Crais . Running into problems already , Lieutenant ? You 're not filling me with confidence . No , not a problem , sir . No. lt 's happened. lt 's over . Like Zhaan said , what 's done is done . I can 't undo it . I just thought perhaps if you talked . No means no , John . Velorek : I estimate that insertion will be complete in 83 arns . You may have 60 . - lt can 't be done . Then you will find a way . Your sole responsibility is to install this new Pilot and teach her to command this Leviathan as I direct her . This Pilot is a " he , " sir . With all due respect , I understand my responsibilities . But this Pilot is young and inexperienced . That 's why the Peacekeeper Military Tech sent me you . You were the only one who could do what I want as quickly as I want . The success of my project depends on it . Are you telling me you can 't ? It will take time to acclimate him , more time to conform physiology , and even more time to teach him . And that is what my report will say . And my report will say they 're merely excuses to mask your own incompetence . Whose report do you think will be believed ? Don 't you threaten me , Lieutenant . Take a lesson from your new Pilot . Anyone can be replaced . Captain Crais ? Officer , Aeryn Sun , lcarion Company , Pleisar Regiment . Currently reassigned . I 'd like to state my case for being returned to my regular assignment as a Prowler ... ( door clangs ) I guess we 're stuck with each other for at least a little while longer . Well , well , if it isn 't our high and mighty little Prowler pilot . Too good to get down in the hull with us and dig out that old Pilot 's guts , eh ? All those nerve fibers . I couldn 't believe how far down that beastie got into this ship . Well , you 're one of us now . You 'll be digging guts with us next time . ( grunting ) Fire ! ( Pilot screaming ) ( shrieking ) ( sobbing ) You 're making hamburger there . Talk to me . Come on . What happened back then ? ( sobbing ) Come on . Shh ... Crichton , you might have noticed that at times , I 've kept you at a distance . Many times . Vast distances . There 's a reason for that . Just one ? Go ahead . Most Peacekeepers are bred and reared for one purpose . Military service . Procreation is assigned . There 's no such thing as a lifelong mate . But you have relationships . The male and female kind . Of course . As many and as often as you want . Peacekeeper High Command understands the troops ' biological needs . Only you don 't connect with anyone openly and never with any longevity . I guess , the point is , my relationships back then tended to be somewhat ... Empty . Painful . What does this have to do with the tape ? Wha ... Oh , this is about that guy . Velorek . What about him ? He , um ... He what ? We ... We were lovers . Lovers ? Lovers . Um ... interesting . I don 't think I 've ever heard you use that word before ever . So , uh , you ... did you love him ? Uh ... I felt something for him that I never felt with any of the other men I recreated with . I don 't know what it was , but ... I guess now , I 'd say that it was love . Right . Well , from the way you tell the story , he sounded kind of sadistic . No ... The opposite . That was the problem . Pilot : Officer Sun . We must talk . How the hell did he get hold of that ? It doesn 't matter . He 's seen it . I have to talk to him . Fine. I 'll go with you . No . It has to be just him and me . Pilot ? This is difficult for both of us . Both of us ? It isn 't me on that recording committing barbaric slaughter , with no remorse . This is me , Pilot . Aeryn . We are closer than any two others on this ship . I still carry remnants of your DNA inside of me . That 's why your betrayal cuts so deep . Your DNA is the same DNA as the Pilot on this recording . Do you have any idea how I felt when I saw it ? When I was reminded of what I had done ? ( growling ) Prepare for all power conduits to connect ! Ready , sir . Okay . We 're ready to remove this thing now . So remember , calm and easy , okay ? We 're ready , sir . - Okay , here we go . ( pilot speaks in native language ) - Slow , slow , slow . Remember , simple sentences . Yes . Am I there ? Indeed , you are . Your new home . The ship . Her name is Moya . Moya . ( screaming ) No ! Crichton ! Crichton ! Aeryn ? ! Aeryn ? ! What happened ? Aeryn went to see Pilot . He somehow got his hands on the recording . I 'd have that recording in my quarters , hidden . ( screaming ) Does she know I 'm here ? Does she ... She 's under heavy sedation at the moment . She will be until the bonding is complete . But the bonding takes over a cycle , sometimes two . That is natural bonding . We don 't have time for that . ( Pilot screaming ) Crichton : No ! Pilot ! ( screaming continues ) Aeryn ( coughing ) : John ! He 's venting the chamber ! ( gagging ) ( Pilot screaming ) This ship , this Moya . She doesn 't know her old Pilot is dead , does she ? When she 's awakened , my presence here will be a complete surprise to her . By then , the bonding process will be complete . There 's no more time to allow you further adjustments to your new surroundings . It 's best for all of us the sooner we get this over with . ( Pilot groaning ) ( screaming ) ( coughing ) You killed this ship 's first Pilot ! The Pilot that belonged here ! I will not have you aboard defiling her with your presence . Until Aeryn leaves this vessel , Moya will not move another metra . ( engine shutting down ) ( yelling in frustration ) You stole the datacam from D 'Argo 's room , didn 't ya ? You showed it to Pilot , didn 't ya ? He deserved to see the truth . - Oh , the truth . It was my ethical duty . - Ethical ? ! I am a Dominar of principle as well as action . Principle ? No , no , no. I think you showed it to him so he owed you one . Yeah , a big one . ( screaming ) Well ? Pilot is a creature of his word . We 've not moved one metra . We 're just drifting . You know , we 've never seen Pilot like this before . Chop off an arm the best he can muster is a few snotty remarks . But this , he shuts down the ship and he tries to kill Aeryn . Shut down is right . We 're not moving unless he wants us to . Yeah , there 's more to it than what 's on that recording . Kind of makes you wonder how bad things were back then . I wouldn 't know . I spent the whole time with my collarbones chained to the walls of my cell . Oh , did I hurt you , my dear ? You 're done , Zhaan . Thank you for your compassion . Interesting hearing you speaking of compassion . You think I lack compassion ? That Pilot is right and that I defile Moya with my presence ? Well , you know what ? He 's right . And you are right . And I will be in my Prowler and out of here in less than an arn . I 'm sorry . No , Zhaan . I am what I am and I did what I did . Aeryn , you had no choice back then . You did exactly what was expected of you . In that world , that was the only kind of Peacekeeper you could be . ( panting softly ) Did you hear some call to Battle Stations that I didn 't ? No . But we 're finished and I have to get to my duty station . Well , you 're not expected there for another half arn . Spend it here with me . You don 't enjoy being here with me ? Hmm. I enjoy it . But ... it just isn 't right to actually feel something for a fellow Peacekeeper , is it ? Well , what 's the point ? We won 't be assigned to be together forever . We could be . I 'm high enough in Military Tech hierarchy . I could make it happen . If you wanted me to . Peacekeeper High Command makes all assignment decisions . High Command doesn 't always make the right decisions . Come on , Aeryn . You and I have been intimate since the second solar day of our voyage to get here . There 's something about you . Something special , and I think you know it . No . No , I 'm not special . Don 't take the Peacekeeper hard line , Aeryn . You understand what I 'm saying . Can you honestly tell me all you want out of life is to fly Prowlers , like a thousand others , and serve a madman like Captain Crais ? That is outright insubordination . No , it 's not . It 's observation . Think beyond the box the Peacekeepers put your mind in , Aeryn . Crais is a maniac and his coveted project is an abomination . No , I don 't know anything about Crais' project and I don 't want to know . The project will likely kill this Leviathan and I cannot let that happen . Will not . What does that mean ? Aeryn , I know how I feel about you . And I think I know how you feel about me . When I leave here , I want you to come with me . You can be so much more . Crichton : Aeryn . What are you doing ? She 's going to do as Pilot asks . She 's planning to leave Moya . Crichton : Pilot , we have to talk . Let 's hash this out right here , right now . Five cents , the doctor is in . Major systems grafts are complete . Now , are you ready for this ? I 'm ... I 'm in a great deal of pain . You 'll get used to the pain . Get used to it ? ! It will go away , won 't it ? I 'm afraid not . An unfortunate but permanent side effect of the grafting process . Now , I 'm about to reawaken the Leviathan . All of her senses will reawaken instantly along with her consciousness . Remember , her senses are now yours . Nothing I can say can prepare you for what you 're about to experience . Try not to be afraid . I won 't cry out . You will . ( screaming ) Something is wrong ! Something is horribly wrong ! Moya can sense your presence . She knows that you 're not her old Pilot . ( yelling ) What is that ? ! I 'm sorry. lt 's a pain pulse from her Control Collar . I must force her to accept you . It is unbearable ! It 's the only way for her to accept you as her new Pilot . ( strangled cry ) Moya only accepted me because she was tortured into it . Tortured into it ! ( strangled cry ) Moya is free of me . Pilot , what the hell are you ... I 'm no longer bonded to her . I am reading major variances in the life support system . The internal gravity bladders are all deforming and Moya 's trying to fix it herself . That 's because Pilot is off-line . Crichton , what the frell is going on down there ? ! Pilot , what the hell have you done ? ! No , no , no , no , no , this is not good . No , no , not good ! The pain is finally gone . And Pilot 's been in pain all this time ? Very likely. I remember Velorek was forced to graft Pilot to Moya 's systems instead of letting the process occur naturally . And why didn 't you tell us about this before ? Because I didn 't know it was this Pilot , remember ? Kids , save it for after school . Right now , how do we fix this thing so we stop bobbing about like three men in a tub ? We don 't . - We don 't . We need Pilot 's help . He 's got to instruct us through the process manually . Yeah , well , I don 't think Pilot 's in a ... 'Leviathan for Dummies' kind of mood right now . Pilot : Yes , working . Velorek : Does that feel good ? Pilot : Yes . You sure ? Mm . There , how 's that ? Much better . The DRDS are responding to my impulses now . Hundreds of them . ( hushed ) : Velorek ... I 've completed the task you asked for . Everything went according to plan . The structure 's in place . The shaft has been sealed . ( whispering continues ) Good , good , good . Great . Pilot : What secret project , Lieutenant Velorek ? Velorek : I see your heightened senses are fully functional now . This project is nothing for you to concern yourself with . I 've just made certain that it should never be a threat to you or the ship ever again . Whoa . I have to talk to him . Aeryn , no , no , no . Pilot 's Etch-a-Sketch isn 't operating with all its knobs right now . I 'm afraid seeing you won 't help . Besides , he 's locked himself inside his chamber and the DRDs have taken up defensive positions . He must 've used voice command . It 's all my fault . I don 't buy that , unless more happened back then . So what happened back then ? I have to talk to him . Aeryn ! - Aeryn ! I 'll go . No , no , no , I 'm already into this . No , I can talk some sense into both of them . D 'Argo ... look ... See ya . I can 't believe it . ( DRD engines humming ) ( both grunting ) The DRDs are definitely in a defensive posture . What do you plan on saying to Pilot that you think is going to make a difference ? You are right . This is about the past , and he 's remembering more and more about those days . I 'm the only one who could possibly understand , so I figure if I can get him to talk about it , it might help . So you think that talking will help ? Mm-hmm . Why don 't you talk to me ? Come on , Aeryn , let me know . What 's got you so torn up about what happened ? Aeryn , what happened with you and Velorek ? It 's just you , me , and the walls in here . I have finished my assignment here . I 'm going to be reassigned soon . I want to go with you . You mean that ? What about flying Prowlers ? I 've been through all the accepted channels of command . Without something to single me out , they 'll never listen to me . I will make this as exciting for you as flying any Prowler could ever be , I promise . Where would we go ? What does it matter ? Somewhere else . I don 't know how to live somewhere else . You only say that because this is all you 've ever known . In the right new place , you 'll thrive . Change your mind . What ? Whatever you did with Crais' plan , put it back . What are you talking about , Aeryn ? Aeryn , what is this about ? What have you done ? What is the meaning of this ? ! What do you think it is , Velorek ? You 're under arrest . On what charge ? ! Treason , of course . We can find no evidence of your attempt to sabotage my project . I think we may have caught you before you were able to do your damage . We 'll find out soon enough . I assume you 're the informant ? Yes , Captain . Officer Aeryn Sun . Just contact Lieutenant Teegue . She 'll see that you 're rewarded with the assignment you requested . Prowler detail , sir ? Whatever . Bring him . You found that something special to single yourself out with . Congratulations , Aeryn . No ordinary Peacekeeper would 've attempted this . I told you , you were special . ( Velorek grunting ) I got my duty . And what happened to Velorek ? But they never got him to talk . He never told them what he had done to sabotage Crais ' plan . But I think I know now . It was Crais ' project to impregnate a Leviathan , Moya . To breed a Peacekeeper Leviathan warship . Velorek installed the shield to prevent conception . The shield that D 'Argo accidentally shattered . It 's no use . There must be some way to get Moya to help us . No , there isn 't . All interior life support is in Pilot 's hands . Not anymore . Zhaan : Even if we can communicate directly with Moya , there 's nothing she can do on her own . Chiana : Just my luck . Out of all the Leviathans in the universe , I end up aboard one with a second-string Pilot . And do we know Moya 's first Pilot was any better ? ( thudding ) ( speaking foreign language ) Pilot , no ! ( more commands ) Get out of my chamber . Leave me alone ! No , Pilot , we need to talk . ( growls ) Talk ? You want a chance to tell me how non-violent you are now . Or what ? You 'll blast me into pieces like you did the Pilot who used to sit here ? Stay away from me ! Tell me now , Pilot . Talk to me right now or I swear , I ... Aeryn . ( growls ) Pilot , we 're just here to help . If you stay disconnected from Moya , you 'll starve to death . And with no one to regulate them , your precious life support systems won 't function properly . Right , fine , yes . We all want you back in the seat . And Moya must be pretty worried , wondering where the hell you got to . Doesn 't matter . She 'll be better off without me . That recording brought back memories of a time none of us wanted to remember . Based on my actions back then , I deserve to die . And if you wish to kill me right now I 'm not going to stop you . But please , spare the others and yourself . Aeryn Sun , it is not you who deserves death . It is I . Okay . So you 're not Moya 's original Pilot . You replaced her . You can 't blame yourself for that . I didn 't only replace the old Pilot . The elders have already judged me . They said I was not yet worthy to Pilot a Leviathan . If you believed that , you wouldn 't be here right now . So why are you ? I want to be joined so badly ... I can make that happen , young one . But the elders . The elders have not yet decreed it to be my destiny . I offer you the chance to make your destiny . Look up . And what do you see ? Stars . That 's what I offer you . The stars . I dream of nothing else . I offer you a Leviathan . All you have to do is agree to help me . But you said that for me to be joined , the old one would have to die . That Pilot will die no matter what you do . If you don 't come with me , I 'll find someone else who will . Someone who isn 't afraid to take their place amongst the stars . The fate of Moya 's true Pilot was sealed at that moment . So you see , Aeryn , it wasn 't really you who caused her death . It was me . If I hadn 't agreed to come , Velorek may never have found a replacement Pilot . But ... but I just wanted so desperately to see the stars . Do you remember when you first came aboard Moya ? Velorek stroked your cheek like this to calm you . Back then , I couldn 't fathom why he 'd do a thing like that . And now I couldn 't fathom not doing it . We 've come a long way since then , Pilot . And we 've still got a long way to go . Take the journey with me . I ... I know a procedure , some temporary connections that can be made to give me back rudimentary control of Moya 's systems . ( chuckles ) Okay . Let 's get started . Pilot : Those temporary connections you 've made are working just fine . You realize if you finish what you 're doing now , allowing me to bond with Moya naturally , it could take an entire cycle before the process is complete . During the bonding period , I won 't have as much control of Moya 's systems as I had before . It will make it even more tenuous for all of us . D 'Argo : It doesn 't matter , Pilot . You deserve to be bonded to Moya naturally . I will work hard to deserve it . I 'm finished . How does it feel ? There 's no pain . No longer any pain . Crichton : Velorek said that he 'd always remember you . And you , have you ... ? Mmm . He said that in the right new place , I would thrive . He was right . You know , that time when he asked me to go with him , he said , you can be so much more . That was exactly what you said to me on the first day I was here . And you ... say you think ... you loved this man ?
