 Crichton : Aeryn ? Aeryn : I 'm still here . But I still can 't get to you . May not matter . D 'Argo 's unconscious . Crichton ! I 've been discovered ! I 'm under attack ! I 'm reading eight Prowlers , four Marauders , and there 's more on the way . And they 're all firing at once . Get off me ! Get off ! Aeryn , get the hell out of there . I can 't ! I can 't ! No ! Aeryn ! ( cracking glass ) Ahhhhh ! ( gasps ) Damn ! Zhaan , that is where heart attacks come from . My circuitry organ does not seize up . Mine does . Oh , I 'm sorry , John . I just can 't seem to shake these visions no matter how much I meditate . I 'll offer it again : talking about it could help . I doubt it . Suit yourself . Zhaan : How long until Moya returns ? Crichton : Oh , about an arn . Oh , crap ! Okay , I found the problem . Some joker decided to store his keva barbecue in the nav-linkage . Rygel . You betcha . Can it be repaired ? It 's pretty messed up . DRD 's are gonna have to rip the whole thing apart . Then we wait ? Yep . We wait . ( sighs ) ( singing ) Sweet dreams till sunbeams find you Sweet dreams that leave your worries behind you But in your dreams , whatever they be Dream a little dream of me I was . I keep seeing you die . John ... Have Chiana or Rygel ever spoken to you about what occurred on Litigara ? No , not a lot . Chiana said it was best to talk to you about it . After you destroyed the Gammak Base I was terrified we 'd lost you . Well , we would have called but Scorpy was still in the neighborhood ( dry chuckle ) For 20 solar days ... we searched every planet we thought you might have reached . The last world we discovered was Litigara . What happened there ? Something you don 't want to talk about . Got it . ( sighs ) Something I don 't want to remember . Zhaan ? You have to understand , John , we were all under incredible stress . And Moya was anxious to leave to search for her offspring . I was growing desperate . You 'd remember them if you 'd seen them . Wish I could help you . Listen to me ! A Sebacean , a Luxan , and a hu ... and another Sebacean . We haven 't had any Sebaceans in here ever . And a Luxan , I don 't know what you 're talking about . Are you sure ? This is very important . I 'm sure . ( groaning ) Buy you a drink , beautiful ? Getting dren-faced is not helping , Rygel . Well it 's helping me ! Chiana : Hey ! Ugh ! ( giggles ) What ? Leave me alone ! Get outside , both of you ! Voice on comm . : Have you found someone yet ? I 'm on to it now . Please observe the signals . For your own safety , all traffic is monitored . Zhaan : Pilot , tell Moya she must continue to be patient . This is the last inhabitable planet within range of Aeryn 's Prowler . If Crichton , D 'Argo , and Aeryn managed to get away , this is the last planet they could have ... Pilot : Moya understands , but she feels she 's been patient . She now demands that you return to the ship at once . Demands ? She believes she has been more than accommodating in your search . Perhaps it is time to accept that their fate , whatever it may be , does not include us . Tell Moya we 'll begin the search for young Talyn as soon as we return . What ? You can 't be serious ! And what about ... Silence ! Both of you ! I 've seen the way that you two have handled your anxiety over the fate of Aeryn , Crichton , and D 'Argo . I hate to think of how you 're now going to handle your grief and your loss . Attention pedestrian . Do not cross . Do not cross . ( Beep ) You may proceed . ( oncoming vehicle ) Zhaan ! Police : You ! Halt ! Don 't move ! Remain where you are ! is something the matter ? - On your feet ! Get your frelling hands off her ! - Back off ! What the yotz do you think you 're doing ? - Shut up ! What did she do ? Your friend 's ours now . She 's gonna pay for her crime . Rygel : Crime ? What crime ? My name is John Crichton , an astronaut . A radiation wave hit and I got shot through a wormhole . Now I 'm lost in some distant part of the universe on a ship , a living ship , full of strange alien life-forms . Help me . Listen , please . is there anybody out there who can hear me ? I 'm being hunted by an insane military commander . I 'm doing everything I can . I 'm just looking for a way home . ( machines beeping ) Chiana : Pilot , tell Moya she 's just going to have to blez out . I will try to keep Moya calm . But you must relate to Zhaan that Moya is ready to bolt to look for young Talyn at any moment . Zhaan . You shouldn 't have come . You and Rygel shouldn 't still be here . Hey , his Royal Frogness may be back in the Transport Pod sleeping it off . But take a look. I 'm here , okay ? I want to help . You even know what you 're charged with ? Failing to heed a pedestrian signal light . Who are you ? Name 's Dersch , Maton Dersch . And you are ? No need to tell me . Uh ... Zotoh Zhaan . The off-worlder . What are you ? I 'm a public counselor . Specifically , her public counselor . What are you , relative ? Friend . Whatever . Let me run this down for you . This your first time on our planet ? Doesn 't matter . ( beeping ) Dersch . Yeah . Hold on . Hold on . Failing to heed , it 's garbage . Plus , you 're an off-worlder . Didn 't know the laws . Good judge in a good mood , I 'd say expect the minimum sentence . Ten solar days and you 're on your way home . No . No . We can 't stay here ten solar days . Okay , talk to me . All right Zhaan , look ... Maybe we should get a different lawyer . Well , you 're welcome to try . There 's plenty of them around . 90 % of our population are lawyers . Case comes up tomorrow . Tomorrow ? - l 'll see you then . I need you to listen . - What ? I need you to listen to me . Come on , speak up . ( yelling ) Chiana : Zhaan ! Stop it ! Let go ! Please ! - Release him now ! No ! ( electrical crackling ) ls she down ? - She 's down . Get back , everybody ! Secure cell five . Clear out ! Clear out ! Everybody stay back ! Dersch : I 'm okay . I don 't know what 's wrong with me . Chiana ... Everything is ready to go . We proceed as planned . Man on speaker : But , Rhumann , you know it 's dangerous for me to be on the streets tonight . Your personal problems mean nothing to me . You 'll be there tonight . We 've found the perfect subject . ( speaker device beeps ) ( electrical chirping ) You 've done well . ( metal doors opening and closing ) ( gasps ) Crichton : Well , look who 's here . You need a lift , lady ? ( chuckling ) : You 're alive . It wasn 't easy . We 've got quite a story to tell . Later . Now we 're going to get you out of here and get off this rock . We 've been looking for you everywhere . Hoping , praying . The last 15 solar days have been unbearable . Hasn 't exactly been a trip to Disneyland for us either . At least you 're finally here . ( laughs ) What are you waiting for ? Fire . You 're here to rescue me . ( sighs ) ( voice breaking ) : Come on . I need you here to rescue me . ( doors opening and closing ) ( crying ) Get away from me . Get away . ( softly ) : Oh , I wish you were really here . I need you so badly . The chances that we survived , that you 'd find us , were ten million to one . You knew that the moment you Starburst away . You 're just refusing to accept it . But now you must . All this time , since we escaped from the Peacekeepers , I drew my strength from you and the others . Now I 've got myself incarcerated again , without you to help me . Oh , John ... I am so deeply alone . And afraid . You 're not alone . You have Rygel , and Chiana . They 're like children . How can I be responsible for them , and for Pilot , and for Moya , and for myself ? Not without you . But it must be without us now . ( whimpers ) ( crying ) Rough night , hmm ? You want to escape ? This is your chance . ( high-pitched beeping ) This will show you how to get out of the building . How to get back to where your pod is docked . Why are you doing this ? You want out , or you want answers ? The guards will be back at their posts any microt . A second chance to escape , it isn 't going to happen . ( engines buzzing ) ( metal clanging ) Chiana ! - Uh ? Rygel ! - Zhaan ? Hmm ? ( panting ) Aah ... Police : Stand where you are ! ( gasping ) Halt ! ( guards yelling ) Stop it ! Police : Release him now ! ( yelling ) Police : Release him ! ( electrical crackling ) Get back ! ( groaning ) You 're under arrest , alien . For murder . Well , the good news is you 're no longer facing trial on the traffic violation . You have any idea who it was you murdered last night ? I didn 't murder anyone . I was set up . His name was Wesli Kenn , if you care . He was a rising young Equal Rights Advocate for the Utilities . Utilities ... what ? The ten percent who aren 't lawyers ? Case against you is you busted out of here and as you were fleeing , you came across Kenn , panicked and crushed his neck with your bare hands . Now , I can 't say people are too broken up about it . Had some radical ideas about The Law . Sweeping reforms for the Utilities . Bit of a troublemaker , really . Well , what are you going to do for her ? Well , there 's not much I can do . As far as the law is concerned , it 's a done deal . Three solar days from now , she 's executed . Chiana : Well , you got to defend her . She didn 't do it . What 's her defense ? It 's just her word . Chiana : You 're a lawyer . You know , make something up . Do you know what would happen to me if I put on a bad faith defense ? You might win ? Dersch : I put on a defense I even suspect of being false , and I suffer the same punishment as my client . I 'll see you in court . Rygel : This is a very ass-backwards world . They don 't have monarchs , political parties . They have ruling law firms . The law firm currently in power is Rhumann , Willian ... something . Anyway , Ja Rhumann , their senior partner , the man in charge , is him up there . Chiana : Well , can 't you get to him ? He 's these people 's supreme leader . He 's never alone . You want to tell me how ? ( gavel pounding ) We convene in the name of that which is most holy , the Supreme Law of the Land . Quite . Amet . All : Amet . The off-worlder is aware of the charges for which she has been brought before this court ? She is , Your Honor . Judge : Having examined the evidence and eyewitness accounts of the events of evening last and after weighing all such admissions , this court ... Does it not matter that I am innocent ? Are you entering a plea of Not Guilty ? I am guilty of so many evils Your ... Your Honor , but ... of this infraction , I must protest my innocence . Have you discussed this with your attorney ? No , she has not . Mr. Dersch , do you wish to represent your client in a plea of Not Guilty ? Absolutely no , Your Honor . I 'm afraid , Mistress Zhaan without concurrence with your counsel I cannot enter such a plea . Unless ... there is someone else who would be willing to advocate the defendant 's cause ? Without a volunteer , I see no other course than to proceed . I hereby find the defendant guilty as charged . - Wait ! I , uh ... Do proceed . This is pure dren ! You 're about to condemn an innocent woman to death . I will not permit this . What are you doing , Chiana ? I will not have you trapped here with me . Return to Moya immediately . Our offer stands , Your Honor . You are now counsel for the defense . All those are law books ? This is only the peak of the mountain . I doubt we 'll really need them . Well , you could at least say thank you . For what ? Assuring your own executions in two solar days along with mine ? What 's this ? If we put on a defense that includes falsehoods or , uh ... or can in any way be construed as bad faith then we share the same punishment as our client . You never told me that . How could you never tell me that ? I thought we might even pull this off ! But you and me ? Not lying ? Are you mad ? Guard ! I demand to see the Judge ! Rygel , it 's done . The way it lays out now is either we 're all leaving this planet together , or none of us are . This is ridiculous . We aren 't lawyers . We are now . Shut up and read . Watch it ! You clumsy fool . Damned Utilities . Doesn 't deserve any frelling rights at all . You guys get a lot of that ? He 's a lawyer , it 's his right . They have rights . That 's why Wesli Kenn and the reforms he was advocating , meant so much to my comrades . And me . My friend didn 't do it . But can you prove it ? Under our law ? Damn it . Why 's your system got to be so frelling complicated ? It wasn 't . It 's only grown complicated over the centuries . Rygel : You mean to say your laws weren 't always such a mess ? This book , The Axiom , is the basis for all our law . All of these other books exist merely to expand on what 's in here . How did that become this ? As more and more of our people devoted themselves to The Law , The Law had to grow more complex to justify them all . This is the only book you really need . Zhaan : Please don 't do this to me . I don 't wish you ... you 're not really here . You 're just a figment of my imagination . Why 'd you leave us , Zhaan ? I didn 't leave you . A few more microts and we all could have been aboard Moya . We all could 've Starburst to safety together . You told me to go . If Moya had been captured , we would have all perished . I came back for you . I 've been searching . Where are you ? Where ... where are you ? Zhaan : This must not go on . Zhaan , what are you doing ? This trial must not be allowed to continue . I confess . Zhaan ! - Are you insane ? I am guilty . I committed that murder . ( gavel pounding ) I crushed that man 's throat . You admit that you are guilty ? Zhaan ... Zhaan , don 't do this . What 's the matter with you ? You want to die ? I do not want you and Rygel to die with me . I refuse to carry the guilt of any more deaths into the afterlife . We haven 't lied yet . Of course , the trial 's only been on for a few microts . Rygel ! - You will . In light of a full confession on the part of the defendant , I ... Wait . Yesterday you refused my client 's Not Guilty plea until her attorney had concurred with it . Well , we do not concur with our client 's confession of guilt . Do not listen to them , Your Honor . I do not want their counsel . I crushed that man 's throat . I am guilty . Chiana : Gag her . Your Honour , I insist that you gag my client for her own good . You can 't do this ! Execute me , but let those live . They don 't know what they 're doing ! This trial will proceed . And I would put the time of death at sometime between the tenth and eleventh arns of two evenings past . The cause of death , strangulation . You 're supposed to be some sort of expert in your field ? I am considered to be Litigara 's preeminent expert in forensic science , yes . I don 't understand how you can call yourself an expert when we know for a fact that the time of death couldn 't be when you said , because ... You cannot lie . Rygel : Actually , my question goes to the cause of death . Would it shock you to know that we have experts of our own who are prepared to testify that when ... Uh ... No questions , Your Honor . I was on duty two nights ago . The accused definitely looked desperate to get out and join her friends . Rygel : Object ... Okay , so , uh ... so , you were the guard on duty that night ? One of them , yes . How 'd my client manage to slip past you ? Any idea ? It was while we were changing shifts . There 's a short period of time ( farting and grunting ) where that particular cell block isn 't fully attended . ( high-pitched voice ) : But even with that , don 't you think somebody would like ... ( Rygel groaning ) You little toad ! You had to go and fart helium now ? ( high-pitched voice ) : I 'm nervous. lt happens . We 're in court , so sue me . I was on duty at the station when numerous telemissions came in from citizens , about a suspicious looking off-worlder running down back alleys . I mobilized some men and proceeded to a spot where we hoped to intercept the offender for questioning . When we got there , we found the accused , kneeling over the body of her victim . Chiana : Pilot , we need more time . Pilot : Moya will give you one more revolution of this planet . Then she is leaving . And I cannot promise we will ever come back . This time tomorrow night , either we 've ... we 've got Zhaan or ... or Rygel and I will be headed back to the Transport Pod without her . Chiana : Look at him . That 's the frelling cop who arrested Zhaan . He 'll probably get a promotion out of this . What the yozk is wrong with his face ? He has blue eyes . So ? My second wife had blue eyes . 15th and 23rd wives , too . There was a dual full moon the other night . Chiana : Really ? Litigarans with blue eyes usually stay inside . That 's what burned his face . They have an aversion to it . So , he 's not only a bastard , he 's stupid . Well , I don 't think he 's stupid . I think he knows a lot . What are you going to do ? Nothing to worry about , partner . Just doing what I do best . Making a new friend . I 'm going to end up defending them both . You want something ? I just hate to see you sitting there , all by yourself . Oh , listen honey , if you think I 'm going to help you with your case ... The case is over . Isn 't that obvious after today ? We 're pleading guilty tomorrow , anyway . Besides , you 've already testified . I 've been reading about a strange concept in this Axiom of yours . Hmm , the Light of Truth . Pretty interesting , isn 't it ? It is . Some sort of stick that you people used to think told if somebody was telling the truth or not . It goes back to the origin of The Law . It was believed that if you held a burning torch up to someone who was giving testimony and it burnt brighter , it meant that they were lying . I don 't need to prove somebody 's lying . I need something that 'll let me lie , just a little . ( Chiana giggles ) No . So tell me all about ... tell me all about being a police officer . Blue-eyed , red-faced sack of ... Oh ! ( muttering ) Mmm , there . This is him . The guy that was murdered , right ? There ... Wesli Kenn . ( tapping ) Rygel : Let 's go , Chiana . Up , up , up . Court 's just about to reconvene . Zhaan 's off visiting some happy place . And I need you awake . I told you everything the cop told me . My head 's just fine here . Nobody 'll notice . Nashtin Cleansing Pills . Take one now , one at the mid-meal and one if you need it , tonight . Judge : We convene in the name of that which is most holy . The Supreme Law of the Land . Yes , Your Honour . Yes , I have questions for the witness . Yes , I do . Oh , I definitely do . Oh , I definitely , definitely do . Did I say I did ? Because I do . You testified yesterday that Mistress Zhaan , the defendant , Mistress Zhaan , Mistress Zotoh Zhaan , the woman standing right there . Right there . Do you see her ? Because I see her . Do you see her , hmm ? She escaped during your shift . is that correct ? is it ? Yes , ma 'am , that 's ... Correct . And that you also stated that she escaped on your very short very small , very minimal interval in which you and your guards or you and your guard buddies where switching shifts , or changing shifts , taking a leak , someone going on , someone going off . Okay , so if I were to ... ( Rygel clearing throat ) Your Honor , may I have a word with my co-counsel ? Please do . ( giggling ) You took all three of the pills , didn 't you ? Oh , you have ... you have no idea how frelled off I felt . No idea . Was there anything unusual about that night ? The night of the murder ? Unusual ? Having to do with your two moons . Oh , yes , yes . Now I see what you mean . There was a dual full moon that night , as I recall . And as I understand it , certain Litigarans , specifically those with blue eyes are very careful not to go out on such nights . The burn they get is very painful . Oh , your complexion . It looks like you got yourself quite a burn there . I got it the night of the arrest . Yeah , you 've got blue eyes . You were out that night and so was the victim . Only you got burned , and he didn 't . You became a city police officer how long ago ? Oh , no , no . That 's right . You told me last night . You 'd been in the force what , eight , almost nine cycles ? And before that , you said you worked in the private sector . is that right ? As a security officer ? Am I right ? For the law firm of Rhumann , Willian and Mandall , is that right ? The law firm of Ja Rhumann ? Come on , Pilot . You got to tell Moya to wait . It 'll do no good . She 's charging her calorics right now , preparing to break orbit . I 'm heading back to the Transport Pod . I want to talk to her so she can see my face . She won 't listen to you , Chiana . She isn 't even listening to me . You got to do this for me . For Zhaan . There 's nothing I can do . Moya is leaving . ( cries out ) ( Chiana grunts ) ( force field humming ) Pilot ? Pilot ! Welcome , counselor . I am Ja Rhumann , senior partner in the currently governing firm . A law firm ? is it part of your law to electrinet somebody and drag them to your office in the middle of the night ? I was impressed with your showing today . With little understanding of our very complex legal system you managed to kindle doubt about your shipmate 's guilt . It 's not a lawyer 's way to be long-winded , so let 's get right to the point . You will not win this case . You will lose , and your client will be executed . Frell you . This is no longer about Zotoh Zhaan . It 's about you and the Hynerian . You will not call any more witnesses . You will not pursue the line of questioning you began today . If you do , you and the little slug will find yourselves up on charges . False charges . That will nevertheless keep you locked up here in Litigara for the rest of your lives . You see , this is all about Utilities ' rights , my dear . Utilities don 't need any more rights . They need to work harder . But that 's my concern . Your concern is your own life , and where you 're going to spend the rest of it . You won 't be needing your communications device . You won 't be returning to your ship unless I allow it . You have my offer . You do your part tomorrow and I 'll do mine . Trust me . I 'm a lawyer . D 'Argo : Seem to have gotten yourself into quite a fix without me . Sweet D 'Argo . This is not the first time you 've had to endure a cell like this . This is not the first time you 've had to experience the sense of hopelessness . You survived it then . In fact , you flourished . I had the Delvian Seek . My spiritual quest was the only thing that stopped myself from shattering while imprisoned by the Peacekeepers . But I have set aside the Seek , set aside my place as a Delvian Pa 'u . You set them aside , yes , but you haven 't abandoned them . Zhaan ... Crichton , Aeryn and I , we ... we can 't help you anymore . Whether you survive this ordeal or face your execution tomorrow , from now on , you must confront your demons alone . I don 't know if I have the strength to start again , D 'Argo . I have known thousands of warriors on countless worlds . But you , Zotoh Zhaan , you are the strongest individual l have ever known . ( chanting in Delvian ) Rygel : Where the yozk have you been ? How is she ? Worse , if you can believe it . She won 't respond at all now , and she 's begun this incessant mumbling . Let me have your comms . I 've got to call Pilot . You were supposed to have talked to Moya already . I got grabbed and taken by Ja Rhumann . Rhumann ? The Rhumann ? Pilot ? ( static ) Pilot ? Are you still there ? ( static continues ) I am here , Chiana . Moya has chosen to give you a little more time . Thank you , Pilot . Do not thank me . It 's entirely her doing . Your comms were open all the while you were speaking with that man , that Ja Rhumann . She could not leave you like that . Moya wants to know. I want to know . If you stay , will you be able to save Zhaan ? I think I may have a way . It 's chancy and will require lashings of deception and trickery . Finally , you and I get to play to our strengths . Judge : Have you any further witnesses to call ? Only one , Your Honor . I call ... Ja Rhumann . Judge : Do you vow to speak what is true , all that is true and only what is true , by the sacred Axiom ? I so vow . Mr. Rhumann . Rhumann : Yes , counselor ? Let 's start with that oath you just took . It 's pretty important , isn 't it ? So important that you take it with your hand on this most sacred book ? It 's the most sacred oath a Litigaran can take . Chiana : So lying in court is really bad ? To lie before The Law is unthinkable . Rygel : So , Mr. Rhumann , remembering that you are under this most sacred oath , if I were to ask you what you know about the death of the slain Utilities Rights Advocate , your response would be ? That I know no more about the unfortunate and untimely death than any other ordinary citizen . Namely , that your client did it . Counselor ! You know what this is ? A stick of wood . Chiana : Well , anywhere else , yeah . But in this courtroom it can be used as an instrument for dividing fact from fiction . The defense designates this the Light of Truth . Rhumann : The Light of Truth is a parable . Rygel : A parable ? But it says it 's so in your own ancient text . Your Honor , it 's ordinary wood . Chiana : Well , Light of Truth is only ordinary wood . Only when it is near a witness under oath ... does it react with special properties . Proceed . But I warn you , do not mock our law . Chiana : We just got a couple more questions for you . I have nothing to hide . The death of the Utilities Rights Advocate . That benefited your own firm greatly , did it not ? Rhumann : It weakened our chief opponents , yes . But it doesn 't necessarily follow that my firm had anything to do with it . Chiana : So , if you wanted this guy out of the way , waiting for an off-worlder to blame it on would make a lot of sense to you , wouldn 't it ? Speaking hypothetically , yes . Rygel : The night of the murder , the officer who arrested our client and who used to work for your law firm got a bad moon burn , but the victim didn 't . Chiana : Well , could that be because the victim was murdered someplace else , and his body brought to the alley by the people who killed him knowing that our client would be there ? Again , speaking hypothetically , I 'd have to say , yes . Are you speaking hypothetically ? ( whispering ) : Now , Pilot . Yes , of course I 'm speaking hypothetically . ( whirring ) The night of the murder , did you send somebody to our client 's cell to help her escape ? Rhumann : No . Did you arrange for the police to discover our client with the victim , the already dead victim in the alley ? No . Chiana : Did you plan and order the murder that our client now sits accused of in this court ? Rhumann : No ! No , no ! Maximizing . ( whirring ) Rygel : Your Honor , are you going to believe the protestations of an obviously , guilty man or the very symbol of your law , your world , your truth ? Judge : Arrest Ja Rhumann . All charges against Zotoh Zhaan are dropped . The prisoner is free to go . So , they nailed Rhumann for murder ? I 'm not certain . I know I was exonerated . Then we left immediately , and soon found you . But , you still have nightmares . Yes. I keep seeing you and D 'Argo and Aeryn dying horrible deaths . I can 't seem to purge the fear . I live , Zhaan . Touch as proof . I know , but ... The experience proves to me that my spirituality was lacking . is that why you recommitted yourself to the Delvian Seek ? Mm-hmm . Then maybe it was worth it . Even though my studies fail to benefit the rest of them ? Now , who says that ? Well , at various times Rygel , D 'Argo , and Aeryn . Screw ' em , Zhaany . You 're a tenth level Pa 'u . You get to eleven , we get a TV ministry . If I may be honest , John . Most of the time I have no idea what you 're saying . Neither do I . Rygel : Crichton , Zhaan , are you there ? Sparky ! We 're drifting dead . How could you possibly frell up with a frell-proof transport pod ? ! I don 't know. I thought maybe you could tell me . Something to do with a stash of keva barbecue in the nav-linkage ? ! Oh , come on , Crichton . What would you really expect from Rygel ? Nothing . Aeryn , it 's good to hear your voice . Likewise . We have you on Moya 's senses . Estimate your retrieval in a quarter arn . Can 't wait to see you . You okay ? I think so . Thank you for your compassion . And I thank you for yours .
