 ( MISSION CONTROL ) Pegasus , proceed with final checklist for trans--Venus injection . ( YVAN ) Copy that . ( NARRATOR ) It is our destiny to explore the far frontiers of space . Last century , we took the first steps to the moon . Imagine we were ready to take the next giant leap . This is the story of a manned voyage to the planets . Humanity 's greatest challenge and ultimate adventure . ( MISSION CONTROL ) Event timer countdown . Five , four , three , two , one . ( NARRATOR ) The grand tour of the solar system has brought Pegasus and her crew from Venus and Mars towards the outer gas giant of Jupiter and the most dangerous manoeuvre of the mission . The only way to slow down into orbit is by flying through Jupiter 's upper atmosphere , but if their trajectory is even a fraction off ... they 'll burn up . Pegasus , you 're due to enter Jovian atmosphere in two minutes . Looking at a maximum of 8G . Good luck , guys . ( TOM ) 2G . ( YVAN ) Going into free--flow position . - - That 's a continuing flow . - - 2G and rising . - - 4G . - - Heat shield temperature rising . ( NINA ) Suits are about 15 . - - This isn 't right . - - 7G . 8G . - - We 've lost hydraulics on the main engine . - - ( YVAN ) 9G . That 's impossible . ( ALARM BLARES ) ( YVAN ) Heat shield temperature 's at 12,700 degrees . Max G was 9.7 . ( OVERLAPPING VOICES ) Lessard and Pearson have passed out . How many fingers am I holding up ? Twelve ! Three , OK ? ( NARRATOR ) Jupiter is the biggest planet in the solar system . With its massive gravity , huge magnetic field and over 60 moons , it 's almost a solar system in itself . ( LLOYD ) Everything about Jupiter is off the scale - - clouds the size of continents , lightning bolts that could incinerate a city , hurricanes raging for centuries . Much bigger and Jupiter would 've become fusion and become a second sun . The Jupiter system contains the most volcanic world we know - - the moon of Io . This primitive world mirrors Earth 's early history . Pegasus will send one of her crew down to its highly unstable surface . ( ZOË ) We 've got four landing sites , depending on Io 's mood when we arrive . The interior 's constantly stirred up by Jupiter 's gravitational tide , so it 's literally turning itself inside out , so our maps date real fast . That 's what makes it so exciting . It 's the most volcanic object in the solar system . ( NARRATOR ) It 's not just the constant eruptions that makes Io a dangerous place to land , it also orbits within Jupiter 's lethal radiation belts . ( YVAN ) Any ordinary suit and you 'd be dead . This one has a thick layer of polyethylene to absorb high--energy particles and it can generate its own magnetic field . The problem with this one is moving around . It 's too heavy . But Io 's gravity is more like our moon 's , so it 's not really about brute force . - - I think you 'll find it 's even harder in low gravity . - - We 're still negotiating who does Io . There 's a lot of radiation up there . There 's a good chance we 'll come back sterile . So I 'm putting some eggs aside for safekeeping . Are you asking the guys this question ? Solar radiation has already caused illness in one of the crew after just a year in space . ( JOHN ) .. water separator and SOTR completed . I 've updated the IMS database . Capcom , I have some results here . I need a private line for John Pearson . ( JOHN ) .. which concludes our first crew status report from Jupiter orbit . Everyone in good shape , continuing on high antioxidant medication . Goodnight , Claire . Control , Pegasus . Site A covered in fresh ash . Site B obscured with activity from Ra Patera . Both landing sites totally inoperable . Do we have a go for Maasaw at Site C or should we default to the plain side ? That should shut them up ! - - Maasaw 's dormant ! - - At the risk of sounding like a broken record , radiation levels on that side of Io aren 't just high , they 're unpredictable and your EVA has other ... So we land on Io and we don 't visit a volcanic site ? - - Who 's " we " ? ! - - She 's got a radiation shield ! Tell it to John Pearson ! We decided to send people , not robots ... - - We are supposed to manage the risk . - - How long ? If she goes to Maasaw . - - Four hours . - - Four ? We 've got a couple of options for volcanoes . Site C is problematic because of radiation , but there 's a back--up site , which is a safe bet ... largely because it 's miles away from anything interesting - - no one wants to end up there . ( TOM ) Control , Pegasus 24 hours from Io insertion , still with no landing site , running final EVA checks . Fringe valves on and locked . Tell me the truth ... do I look fat in this ? - - No , no ! - - Yes ! It 's a non--equatorial landing for Hermes . We 'll be sending through the new D.O. burn figures . - - You were right , Yvan , it 's Maasaw . - - ( NINA ) They don 't make it easy . - - No . - - Hey , John , you got mail . Lymphoma . Good dose of chemo might have helped ... except I couldn 't take anything that toxic . It would all end up in the water and contaminate everyone else . ( TOM ) John and I have had a meet to discuss how his condition may impact on the mission objectives and timeline . We 've agreed to postpone any announcement to the rest of the crew until after Zoë 's EVA . ( JOHN CHANTS ) .. take a walk , take a rest , then take a rest . John 's given me these for the radiation . I 'm not gonna take them . I want to be sharp when I 'm down there , not drugged up to my eyeballs . I 've waited too long for anything to cloud this experience . It sure is stunning . We can actually pick out individual volcanoes . ( ZOË ) I can see some ejecta , too . Look at those plumes . Maasaw Patera , here I comeI That 's enough direct sightseeing . We 'll make do with the cameras . - -Just call me Dr Killjoy . - - No , John , you keep an eye on those counters . - - I wanna tell my grandchildren about this . - - Roger that . ( TOM ) Zoë , got enough to keep you busy for the next four hours ? ( ZOË ) This from the guy who had three weeks on MarsI I 've got enough to keep me going for monthsI ( TOM ) However long you get , it 's never enough . ( ZOË ) Passing over a weak plume . It 's magnificentI Low G and no air to distort the flow . It really does look like one big glass--blowing factory . It 's unreal . - - Looking good , Hermes . - - Computers add a couple of kilometres . - - Switching to manual . - - ( LOUD BUMP ) This is one grumpy piece of rock . Even the gravity 's uneven . Going into landing radar checks . ( TOM ) Altitude is good , descent rate good . Fuel , 23 % . Take your time , Zoë . Half forward , coming down a half now . Contact light . Engine shutdown . I 'm on the surface , Pegasus . Checking systems . Configuring abort sequence . You 're down , Zoë . Control are gonna love you ! They ain 't seen nothin 'yetI Hermes is on solid ground about 300 metres from the crater . We have no reports of any activity at Maasaw , so Zoë is proceeding with her EVA . ( ZOË ) It 's a spectrum of browns , ochres , deep , deep reds . These are primitive lava flows all right . I 'm standing on a silicate crust . It 's covering the sulphur in places . But it 's weak . My feet are breaking through . ( GASPS ) ( RUMBLING ) I thought the ground was giving way . Hermes is rocking , too . ( RUMBLING ) - - It 's activity at Patera . - - We can see a minor eruption . You 're fine . Check your head up . Can you confirm your radiation level of 1425 rads ? ( ZOË ) Shields are fine . My guardian angel is on duty . Take smaller steps and lean forward into the suit . You 're using up your O2 . You 're down 10 % already . How do you feel ? Great . No problems . One fifth gravity isn 't easy in this suit . It doesn 't give an inch . ( ZOË BREATHES HEAVILY ) There 's a blow about 100 metres away . It 's a metre or so across . It looks like molten sulphur . It 's white and it 's venting something . I 'll get a sample . ( BREATHES HEAVILY ) ( ZOË MUTTERS INAUDIBLY TO HERSELF ) ( GASPS ) This is tough . Flight , this is Surgeon . - - What is it ? - - She may be in an area - - of concentrated magnetic flux . - - Copy that . - - It 's averaging 1400 rads . - - Copy that . It 's John 's call . - - Doses are more variable than we thought . - - Make your recommendations . John will make the call . ( ZOË ) The surface is so soft . - - I 'm getting the hang of it . - - You 're doing a great job , Zoë . That suit is a disaster . - - Too much radiation getting through . - - Let 's cut it short . - - She won 't thank you . - - Don 't need her to . ( JOHN ) Zoë , .. you 've got one hour . You 're kidding me . - - You 're kidding me ! - - Sorry . ( ZOË ) Sample 04 is a core sample . 12 millimetres . You 're getting some great stuff , but take it easy . ( ZOË PANTS ) I 'm way behind . ( JOHN ) You 're not . Look at your temperature . Ease back . You can 't do four hours ' work in one hour . Flight , call her back . You might reach them in time to make a difference . ( CLAIRE ) 1520 rads ... 1530 rads . - - Rads have picked up . - - Scrub the EVA . ( JOHN ) Increased radiation readings . We need you to return to Hermes . Listen ... Tom ? Is Tom there ? ( ZOË GASPS ) I 'm fine . I 'm nearly at the rim . This is Tom . Your consumables are low and you 're losing the light . - - Repeat , return to Hermes immediately . - - Copy , Pegasus . Sorry . ( BREATHES HEAVILY ) - - We 're gonna lose her . - - Nightfall in 12 minutes . ( TOM ) Abandon the sample trolleys and go immediately to Hermes . ( MUMBLES INCOHERENTLY ) ( YVAN SPEAKS RUSSIAN ) - - ( YVAN SHOUTS IN RUSSIAN ) - - I 'm walking ! I 'm going ! - - ( YVAN SHOUTS ) - - God ! ( CRACKLING INTERFERENCE ) - - She 's in a terrible state . - - Heart rate 175 , suit temperature 27 degrees . ( ZOË BREATHES HEAVILY ) - - What 's happening ? ! - - ( TOM ) It 's night . Turn your helmet light on . ( ZOË ) Jupiter ! Wow ! Look at that ! ( TOM ) Turn your back on it , Zoë , - - Keep moving , Zoë . - - Look at Hermes . ( NINA ) We 've put the lights on . Can you see ? ( NINA ) Zoë ? Look at that . There 's a sulphury frost forming on my suit . Oh ! Oh ! Are you getting this , you guys ? Can you believe this ? ( JOHN ) Breathe slowly and steadily , Zoë , Keep it steady . Small steps , now . - - A few more metres . - - Get inside and close the door . We 'll launch from here . Zoë ? Will all of you just shut up , please ? I ( JOHN ) We have airlock sealed on Hermes . ( TOM ) Remote launch procedure initiated . ( YVAN ) Successful separation . Delta Vis good . Nominal pitch . ( NARRATOR ) All the samples were abandoned . All the advantages of landing an astronaut on Io were lost . Five years of planning were wasted . ( YVAN ) Radio locking system is on . We 're approaching the same inertial altitude . ( TOM ) Four centimetres , bringing her in . - - Contact . Capture . - - Hard dock . Equalising pressure . - - Coming up to 14.7 psi . - - Let 's get her . They should 've sent a robot . Cheaper and more effective . All I did was scare everyone half to death . Yvan said he couldn 't have done any better . ( NARRATOR ) Mission Control 's schedule allows little time for reflection . Pegasus continues in orbit around Jupiter to reach another moon , the icy world of Europa . ( LLOYD ) Let 's hope we have better luck at Europa . Probably the best bet for life after Mars . Its surface is ice , but those gravitational tides that heat up the inside of Io do the same here . Underneath the ice could be an ocean . ( NINA ) Asteroid strikes cause enough melting to bring materials up from the interior . If we can find liquid water even that far from the sun , there could be life . ( NINA ) Down to 10 metres a second . ( NARRATOR ) The plan at Europa is to send an unmanned lander to sample the surface . There will be no repeat of the disastrous experience on Io . We 're getting a picture . Performance nominal . What a view . ( NINA ) Drill stand deployed and up to speed . String cache in place ... and contact . Core sample secure . That 's a go for launch . Robots rule . ( NARRATOR ) The probe returns after collecting its precious sample . With more water than Earth , Europa holds greater hope for life than anywhere but Mars . After Io , the crew are desperate for good news . - - I 'm opening the sample canister . - - ( JOHN COUGHS ) - - Are you OK ? - - ( JOHN GASPS ) Fine . - - You sure ? - - Go on . - - Look , this can wait . Why don 't you ... - - No . This helps . The ice is very well compacted . Mainly translucent . I can see some darker ... ( NARRATOR ) Pegasus now enters the longest leg of the grand tour so far . 10 months away lies the jewel of the solar system - - the gas giant Saturn . It has cloud belts and storms like Jupiter - - the rings are one obvious difference - - but Saturn is much lighter , its density is less than water . If you found an ocean large enough , Saturn would float . ( NARRATOR ) Not all the crew find Jupiter so easy to leave behind . ( ZOË ) You wait five years to land there and they give you four hours . ( NINA ) Zoë 's still depressed . When you 've waited five years for your opportunity ... ( NINA ) She 's taking it so personally . If it bores you guys , imagine how I feel ... John 's definitely sick . Everyone 's pretending it 's not happening . ( JOHN ) They 've taken a vote ... and they 're insisting I move onto the strong stuff . Must be agony for them , but I can 't have that getting into the water . ( SIGHS ) If I could just hang on till Saturn . I 'd really like to see Saturn . ( ZOË ) Only four months to go . I defy anyone to stay miserable , looking at Saturn . It 's got to be the most gorgeous planet in the solar system . You can 't stay self--absorbed in the middle of all this . God , I hope I don 't get religious . ( TOM ) Today 's our 748th day in space , which beats the record of Mir cosmonaut Avdeyev . - - ( YVAN SPEAKS RUSSIAN ) - - Maybe we should count in Avdeyev years ! ( TOM ) Happy New Year ! ( COUGHS ) We are moving John out of his sleeping module . Zero G should be more comfortable for him . The downside is he will lose some muscle tone in the long term . Should be a nice way to go . ( TOM ) OK , ready for some zero G ? ( JOHN ) I 'm ready . ( NINA ) We 'll get you to the ladder before we stop the centrifuge , OK ? That 's one small step for me ... - - There you go . - - ( JOHN SIGHS ) Oh , yes ! I finished the Europa samples . I 've run a mass spec on the particulate matter . The results are conclusive . No sign of life . Pegasus will begin her tour of Saturn by sending a probe to its most mysterious moon - - Titan . Bigger than the planets Mercury or Pluto , with an atmosphere denser than Earth 's . Titan is an amazing opportunity . It 's the only moon with its own atmosphere . Mostly nitrogen , but a lot of hydrocarbons . It 's not far off being a sort of ... primordial Earth . You have the elements for life , but in deep freeze . ( YVAN ) The telemetry systems look fine . - - Alt is 10 metres per second . - - ( BLEEPING ) - - Voltage spike . Where 's it coming from ? - - And another . Did we see this in the sims ? ( YVAN ) Too late now . ( BLEEPING ) ( MAN ) No signal for two hours , Flight . We 're in a search pattern with high gain antenna . Telemetry was intermittent during descent . We lost everything five minutes before it hit Titan . Might 've made it . Might be busy sampling away down there . Well ... we 'll never know . Robots . ( NARRATOR ) Four days after leaving Titan , Pegasus will enter the largest gap in Saturn 's rings , the Cassini Division , a delicate manoeuvre with plenty of debris to avoid . ( YVAN ) Radiators are taking some impacts . ( TOM ) We still OKfor an EVA ? No good correlation between your solution and what we 've got here . - - We 're working on a minor course correction . - - ( TOM ) Tell me the next one is going to be it . They 'll be coming in at four degrees , but we 'll need a few more burns . Should place them in the Cassini Division at the same rate as the debris , minimise impacts . It 's the most beautiful place I 've been . The endless tumbling is mesmerising . I could watch them for ever . ( NINA ) I 'm out at 20 centimetres per second . I 've lost the sense of the ring structure now . It 's just a ... slow--motion blizzard of rocks . Particles range in size from dust to ... .. fragments , well , the size of a bus . Gotcha ! - - Oh ! - - ( ZOË ) Nina ... what 's wrong ? - - Nina ? - - Nothing . - - You look so small . - - OK , let 's get you back . Right now . ( NINA ) Wait a minute . It 's getting dark . Something 's not quite right , Pegasus . You seem a little faint . - - Can you be more specific ? - - Vision is becoming opaque . It 's weird . The suit 's reading OK , but there 's a definite ... Try wiping your visor . Hey , it 's dust ! Thanks , Zoë . You 're attracting the dust electrostatically . Better get back before your jets choke . Oh , it 's amazing ! Are you getting this ? Zoë ? Yvan ? Pegasus ? Oh , it 's amazingI Are you getting this ? Capcom , they 've done a fantastic job . Let them know . ( CLAIRE ) Flight ... Pearson 's ECG has flat--lined . ( NINA ) Zoë ? Yvan ? - - Pegasus ? - - ( ZOË ) You have to come in now . Any thoughts ? They 'll either be even more determined or desperate to come home . Are they emotionally equipped to go on ? - - That 's their call . - - Now it 's THEIR call . - - What do you think ? - - What will they do ? They 're going offline the next 24 hours . Tom 's suiting up . There wasn 't any EVA at this stage , was there ? ( NARRATOR ) Deliberately breaking communication is a situation unprecedented in the history of space flight , but no previous mission has had to deal with the death of a colleague . Until now , fatalities have involved entire crews with no survivors . Pegasus , Control . Please advise your status . ( JOHN ) I don 't see it as giving up anything . I just won the lottery . It 's you lot I feel sorry for . I mean , you 'll see the pictures ... but you 'll just never know . ( NARRATOR ) The crew has maintained radio silence for 24 hours and suspended all procedures while they decide the future of the grand tour . Saturn has always represented a critical choice in the flight plan . Whether to return home or continue to Pluto and so add another three years to the mission . Pegasus , Control . Advise your status , please . You 've got some very worried people ... Control , this is Pegasus . Sorry about the time--out , Control . We just needed a clear night to sleep on it . We have decided to continue the mission to Pluto . We have one or two operational issues we 'd like you to look at . We 're looking to you for a major overhaul of the flight plan and the timeline for our objectives . We need to reassess the workload and re--prioritise ... .. and we 'd like an input on that . Our proposals are ... - - One or two operational issues . - - Really ? Looks like a list of demands . They 've had a setback and need to feel in control . They need to feel we 're not treating them like machines . As long as the science gets done . They 'd like to test more of what they collected , but it 's best to analyse samples here in the labs . I 'm sure they 'll reconsider that one . ( LLOYD ) If she fools around with those samples , we won 't have anything uncontaminated . - - Crushing them up to see if she can get ... - - Shall we continue , please ? Point 14 . Re--prioritise use of the Michelson telescope . Spend more time looking for Earth--like planets . If they want to do that , they 'll need to analyse an atmosphere . - - They 'd have to reconfigure the spectroscope . - - Working out a procedure . It 's a mammoth task writing new code . The recalibration alone could take ... Longer than a year ? Well ... ( NINA ) Incubating algae on Mars sample 217 at 16 degrees , humidity 24 % . ( NARRATOR ) Sulman will use her limited resources to try and activate any microbes inside the Martian soil . Algal bloom on Martian soil . I haven 't phoned it in yet . I want to enjoy it a bit longer before they rain on my parade . It 's brown--green in colour and just a few micros thick . Either it was dormant within the soil when it was on Mars and we 've nurtured it into life or it 's a contaminant from Pegasus . We 'll just have to be patient . ( NARRATOR ) It 'll be a year and a half before Pegasus reaches the furthest planet from the sun . This is now a voyage into the unknown . No probe has visited Pluto . It has only ever been seen by telescope . People always ask me whether or not Pluto 's worth three years , and , er ... .. I 'll tell you when I get there . After two gruelling years of space flight , maintenance becomes ever more vital . ( YVAN ) I wouldn 't like to try another aerobrake with this shield . ( TOM ) We 've got impacts on the cooling ducts . Looks like ring dust . ( NARRATOR ) They will also redesign a telescope to search for planets outside our solar system . The crew will cross the orbits of two more distant planets , but these they will not have the opportunity to visit . Neptune , Uranus - - fascinating gas giants in their own right , but they 're in the wrong part of the solar system for this voyage . Six years is enough . ( NARRATOR ) And for some , six years is too long . ( ALL ) # .. which nobody can deny # For he 's a jolly good fellow # And so say all of us # ( APPLAUSE AND CHEERING ) It 's been a real privilege working with you guys and everyone here and ... outside this room who 've helped put you up there . Um ... I know they 'll give Larry the same 110 % they always gave me . He 's , er ... Well , he 's been your Capcom for the past three years , so ... .. you know you 're in safe hands . ( LARRY ) Pegasus , this is Control . Waking you up an hour early today ... ( VOICE FADES AND BECOMES INAUDIBLE ) ( INAUDIBLE CONVERSATION ) I feel like I 'm falling down a well ... but in a good way . ( NARRATOR ) Travelling to the edge of the solar system is like travelling back in time . Pluto is a frozen relic from when the planets first formed . They 're entering the prehistoric solar system . They 've gone back four--and--a--half billion years . The birth of the solar system . I wish I was there . ( YVAN ) Final burn time , eight minutes . Delta V , minus 16 . Pitch 102 , yaw 256 . Fuel , 89.25 . Fuel burn in 10 . ( ZOË ) Copy that . And be advised there will be no gyro bias updates . ( YVAN ) Roger that . ( TOM ) Welcome to the edge of the solar system . It 's a balmy summer 's day here on Pluto . 233 degrees below zero . Despite the insulation , I can already feel the cold working its way through my boots . That 's our sun . From here , it 's only 100 times as bright as a full moon on Earth . Hard to believe it killed one of our crew . This is our moon . Eight times bigger in the sky than yours and it 's in a locked orbit . It 's like someone just nailed it there . Feels like time 's just stopped here ... like walking around in a tomb . The last planet Yvan walked on was three years ago . That was Venus , where he nearly fried ! Hot , cold , hot , cold . Someone make their mind up ! ( NARRATOR ) Even on the dead world of Pluto , the search for life continues . But not in our solar system . The crew have redesigned this telescope to search for distant Earth- - like planets . In order to detect the faint heat glow of a planet , the telescope has to be very cold . Pluto is the perfect vantage point . ( TOM ) Er ... mirror 's out . Other way . Yeah , you got it . ( NINA ) I 've got you . ( YVAN ) Can you see us yet ? Mirror 's exposed . Scope 's powered up , the spectrometer 's chilled . We 're just waiting for Pluto to come round more . ( ZOË ) Telescope 's lowering to Earth coordinates . Locked on . Acquiring image . I can make out cloud structures and the surface is predominantly blue . There 's an ozone layer so there must be an atmosphere with a considerable amount of oxygen ... water , too , but is there life ? Could be contamination . Certainly nothing intelligentI " We commend the commitment of all those brave souls ... .. who gave their lives to the exploration of space . " ( TOM ) Yvan ? ( YVAN ) John Pearson was due to make this landing with us . He wanted to say this from the Russian space pioneer Konstanin Tsiolkovsky . ( SPEAKS RUSSIAN ) ( CLAIRE ) It 's a different mind--set on the way back . It 's easy to take your eye off the ball . We have to remember how lucky we 've been not to have lost more than one . ( NARRATOR ) The launch from Pluto marks the end of their planetary exploration , but not the end of the mission . On the three--year voyage home , they will have one final rendezvous with the most spectacular phenomenon in the solar system - - a comet . ( LLOYD ) Most comets come from a region beyond Pluto - - the Oort Cloud . The ice has been blackened by billions of years of solar radiation . When they fall in towards the sun , they heat up and the tail forms . They 've got a Jekyll and Hyde personality . Far from the sun , they 're docile . Once they come in past Jupiter 's orbit , they can break up without warning , which can be beautiful . They 're blacker than coal , partly the radiation . There 's also organic molecules like formaldehyde and they 've got a lot of water . Comets carry all the building blocks for life . They may even have brought life to Earth . - - It 's spooky . It 's so ... - - ( ZOË ) Black . ( NINA ) Darker . One more rock to land on , but as far as I 'm concerned , there 's only one mission objective left and that 's to get everybody home . It 's fast asleep . No coma to speak of and no tail . It 's a good time to go in . I never thought Tom would let me command another mission after Io . But it turns out Io wasn 't my fault . ( YVAN SPEAKS RUSSIAN ) So they 're unpredictable . That 's the whole point . That 's the difference between engineers and scientists . Engineers hate surprises . We love ' em . Separation , Zoë . We 're out at 50 metres per second . - - Get ready for ignition . - - APU 's looking good . ( ZOË ) Altitude is good . Stand by for burn . Three , two , one , ignition . ( ZOË ) On our way back . ( NINA ) 3cm per second . Remember the margins . - - Contact ? - - 1.5 metres . I 'm shutting it down , letting it drift . ( NINA ) Lot of dust . I can 't see a thing . ( ZOË ) Firing off the harpoons . ( NINA ) Capture . - - They 've set off a tremor . - - That rock is fragile . ( NINA ) Two metres ... - - One metre . - - ( ZOË ) Messier is down . Pegasus , we 're on the surface . Five pads down . Looking for a stay at 2--1 . - - Residuals ? - - Slightly down , but we 're on the surface . It 's quite incredible . It looks sculpted . ( TOM ) We 're monitoring a little activity . ( ZOË ) I can see a glow in the sky . That 'll be the first sign of the coma . ( LLOYD ) As it comes into the sun and heats up , it 'll start shedding material , which becomes a cloud , the coma , hundreds of thousands of miles across . But the nucleus can be heated from inside , too , and gases build up like a pressure cooker . - - ( MAN ) So it could explode ? - - Do we really have to hype everything ? ( ZOË ) We 're about one metre from the surface . Just coming over a level portion now . In fact , I think I can just about ... There . Can 't not leave a footprint . ( NINA ) Pegasus , do we have a go for the crevice ? ( YVAN ) Just taking a last look at seismic activity . ( ZOË ) I 've been on the most volcanic object in the solar system . Give me a break . Tremors have increased in the last few hours . The coma 's rising , but I 'm more worried about the dust . 10 to 15 tons a second at last count . ( ZOË ) I 'm going in . ( NINA ) Take care . See you in a minute . Capcom , patch me through to Pegasus . ( YVAN ) Tom , stronger tremors now . What can you see ? ( TOM ) Frequency 's going up . Just a second . ( YVAN ) I think we should pull them out . Tom ? ( TOM ) Give me a second , will you ? ( ZOË ) Solar radiation hasn 't reached down here . This is where we 'll get the purer samples . - - It 's a goldmineI - - ( RUMBLING ) - - What the hell was that ? I - - ( RUMBLING INCREASES ) - - ( ZOË ) Pegasus , is it a problem ? - - It is . Get going now ! - - ( ZOË AND NINA ) Copy . - - We don 't like the reading on seismic activity . ( EVERYONE TALKS AT ONCE ) Roger that , Tom . We 're sending our main coordinates . Guidance system 's nominal . - - Activity outside ? - - Visibility decreasing . There 's a lot of debris . - - OK , set stage ignition and mark . - - ( BABBLE OF VOICES ) ( ZOË ) Releasing tethers in three , two , one , mark . Light 's on , but we still seem to be attached . ( ZOË ) We 're going for a second release . Three , two , one , mark . - - We 're moving . - - Lift--off . ( NINA ) Gone up to 20 , 25 , 30 . The sun shield sounds like it 's taken a few hits , but we 're OK , looking good . ( TOM ) Messier , Pegasus ? Zoë , do you copy ? Nina , do you copy ? Messier , do you copy ? ( ZOË ) Reading you . Get your shield round . You 've got incoming . ( NINA ) The nucleus exploded . High- - velocity debris heading for you . Turn the ship round . - - ( ZOË ) Pegasus ? - - Hang on , we got a problem here . - - ( METALLIC CRASHING ) - - ( TOM ) Yvan ? ( ZOË ) Pegasus , we 're low on O2 . Do you copy ? Two o 'clock . ( ZOË ) OK , forward . Go . We 've got about 60 seconds clear . ( NINA ) This is suicide . ( ZOË ) Do you want to stay and suffocate ? ( NINA ) There 's someone in there . ( ZOË ) It 's Tom . ( NINA ) Where 's Yvan ? We have to get to the airlock . ( BUZZ OF CONVERSATION ) Um ... they 're not out of danger . The comet still poses a threat to everyone . - - We 're taking control of Pegasus ... - - You wanna get your priorities straight . - - Go outside . - - I thought you let them in . ( FRAGMENTS CRASH INTO SPACECRAFT ) The comet fragment punctured his right lung . Fluid 's been building up in his pleural cavity . We have to make an incision between the ribs , an emergency ... Sorry , I don 't have time for this . ( NINA ) This is going to hurt a bit . Number four scalpel . Try to keep still . - - I have to feel between your ribs now . - - ( COUGHS ) Chest drain . ( IMPACTS ON SHIP CONTINUE ) ( TOM ) The cockpit is online . We have navigation . - - ( YVAN ) How is she ? - - ( NINA ) Pegasus is fine . You 're a wreck ! ( NARRATOR ) After three weeks tending Grigorev and Pegasus , both patients are ready to leave the comet for the final leg of the grand tour ... and Earth . ( CLAIRE ) No more landings , no more pushing the boundaries . They have a lot of science left to do , but safely , on board Pegasus . They 're coming home . ( CLAIRE ) We 've learnt as much about the human body as the planets . I think the toughest part is still to come - - adapting to life on Earth , full gravity , day after day after day . ( LLOYD ) I hope it puts the debate between humans and machines to bed . We couldn 't have done it alone and we could 've done it years ago . What took us so long ? ( NARRATOR ) The spirit of exploration is at the heart of human nature . Whatever the risks , we will always reach out in the hope of discovering new worlds and new life , even if only to truly appreciate our own .
