 Last time on Star Trek : Voyager ... I believe we know each other . You 're Tuvok , right ? We met last week at the shift briefing . Before that . Before we were working here . Oh , I don 't think so . A romantic relationship is really out of the question for me right now , and when - you started asking ... - How about a friend ? What ? Could you use a friend ? It 's nice to be in a place where different species get along so well . Oh , so , you admit we 're getting along ? Kim to Chakotay . Go ahead . I 've found them , Commander . - Let go of me ! - l 'm not going to hurt you . No ! No ! Harry , I need an emergency transport now ! No , leave me alone ! We 're friends ; we 're trying to help you . No , don 't touch me ! I don 't believe you are who you think you are ! We don 't belong here . This isn 't right ! We don 't belong here ! And now the conclusion . Wait here . Yes , sir . He 's deactivated a safety field . Alert Emergency Medical . He may have tried to ju ... I can 't penetrate their shields . Maybe we don 't have to . The Battle of Vorkado . It 's in my tactical database . A Romulan Captain disabled two attacking vessels by creating a photonic shock wave between the ships . How 'd he do that ? Watch and learn . I don 't think they 'll be bothering us again . Good work . Let 's go back for Chakotay . Five more ships on an intercept course . What 's your tactical database telling you now ? Transporters are damaged . Shields are failing . We have to retreat , come up with a new plan . Agreed . Listen , I 'm sorry about my friend . Excuse me ? Jaffen . He wasn 't very nice when I invited you to join us . Are you all right ? I 'm just a little tired . First day on a new job . I know how that can be . Well , I just wanted to let you know you 're more than welcome to sit with us . Actually , I was thinking about going home . Well , if you change your mind , we 're celebrating . What 's the occasion ? I 've decided to move in with Jaffen . Congratulations . Look among the patrons . Yerid , Criminal Investigations . We run an honest business . I 'm looking for two people who disappeared after leaving here earlier this evening . One was a young pregnant woman ... B 'Elanna ? You know her ? Oh , I knew I should have walked her to the Transport . Why , did you think someone might try to hurt her ? This city is supposed to be safe . The person with her was described as short with mottled skin , facial hair ... Sounds like someone who was in here earlier , a worker from the plant . Do you know his name ? Uh ... Neelix , I think . Did you see him talking to anyone else while he was here ? He had a friend . Uh , Amal something . Can you describe him ? Oh , I don 't have to . He 's sitting right over ... ECH Log , Stardate 54622.4 . I 've found an ingenious place to hide while we make repairs- - a moon with a paramagnetic core that masks our energy signature . I 've turned my attention to Lieutenant Torres , whose treatment will also require ingenuity . The scan on the left was performed during B 'Elanna 's last physical . The one on the right , just a few minutes ago . The memory centers of her brain have been radically altered . People from our crew seemed to remember parts of their real lives , but they got a lot of the details wrong . Tom knew his name , that he was from Earth , but he said space travel made him sick . Whoever did this is very sophisticated , capable of selectively manipulating memory engrams . Some have been suppressed , some altered , others left intact . Can you undo the damage ? I believe so , but it 'll take some time . I wish I could help . Maybe you can . She 'll require several treatments . In between , you could expose her to familiar sights and surroundings . Say no more . I 'll take her on a whirlwind tour of her own life . Don 't rush things . This is going to be very traumatic for her . Acute anxiety , depression ... When I interviewed him , he insisted that he 's not who he 's supposed to be that we 've ... " stolen his katra , " whatever that is . Conclusions ? Tri-lobe regression complex ? Polar-affective disorder ? Neuropsychiatry isn 't a guessing game , Dr. Ravoc . Dysphoria Syndrome . You have been studying my research . According to your work , the condition is very rare . It is . I 've treated this man before . Apparently , he 's suffered a relapse . Recommended treatment ? Engramatic resequencing is typically indicated . You seem skeptical . Resequencing is a radical procedure . If he had a malignant tumor , would you be afraid to cut it out ? No . This syndrome is just as insidious . It requires aggressive treatment . Get started . Please ... help me . That 's what we 're here to do . I want to know the status of Employee 8583 . Maybe it 's different where you come from , but here it 's polite to say " good morning . " Good morning . 8583 , the man who was removed by Security yesterday . He 's been hospitalized . is there any reason to believe that his condition might be contagious ? He came in contact with other workers . Some of them have expressed concern . Well , tell them not worry . Excuse me . Am I intruding ? What can we do for you ? I 'm investigating the disappearance of two of your employees . Who ? Their names are Neelix and Torres . Both of them failed to report for work today . What about this man ? Employee 9363 . He didn 't report for his shift either . I 'd like to see his personnel file , and I 'll need to interview anyone who may know where he is . Why are you looking for him ? I believe he 's responsible for the disappearance of the other two . You 've only been here three weeks . Where did you get all these things ? I 'm a collector . You collect spent plasma relays ? I like to think of it as a decorative object . You know ... I think this would look better over there . You 're not going to start telling me how to dress , are you ? Where are you going ? To get the rest of my things . There 's more ? Lights . What do you want ? You told me you were moving out . I needed a place to hide . Jaffen knows where l am . He 'll come looking for me . I 'm hoping you won 't tell him I 'm here . They say you had something to do with the disappearance of a woman at the plant . I did . Her name 's B 'Elanna . She was brought to this planet against her will . Something was done to her so she 'd forget her real life . And what , you helped her get home ? That 's right . There are other people in this city who I 'm also trying to help . I 'm not here to hurt anyone . You have to trust me . You 're pointing a weapon at me . Go ahead . Report me . But if you do , a lot of innocent people are going to suffer . All I 'm asking for is a place to stay until my friends come back for me . We 're going to have to do something about that arm . The waiter ... from the tavern . Lieutenant Tom Paris , our pilot , and B 'Elanna Torres , our Chief Engineer . That picture was taken on your honeymoon . It isn 't possible . How else would we have it ? It 's an antique television . You gave it to Tom as a present . He watches cartoons . Yes . How do I know that ? Because you 're starting to remember . I wondered why he was so protective of me . I 'll be outside if you need me . Your shift ended three hours ago . My friend Jaffen , Employee 1326- - he cut himself . Removing property from these premises is not permitted . I know , but he 's just too stubborn to go to the hospital . I promise I 'll have it back first thing in the morning . Be sure that you do . Display the personnel file for Employee 8583 . Access restricted . Security clearance verified . Display all medical and historical data for this employee 's species . Data unavailable . List all files accessed by this employee since he 's been here . Personnel files : Employee 8582 : Nozawa , Kashimuro . Employee 8584 : Janeway , Kathryn . Employee 8585 : McKenzie , William . Employee 8586 : Hansen , Annika . Employee 8587 : Anderson , Lydia . Employee 8588 : Torres , B 'Elanna . Employee ... You need a doctor . That 'll have to wait till I 'm back on Voyager . Voyager ? . My ship . You live onboard ? For almost seven years . Don 't you ever want to stay in one place ? You seem happy here . I 've got a good job . Ever consider doing something more challenging ? My job 's challenging enough . You monitor reactor coils , right ? You 're obviously a very capable woman . You could probably run that power plant . Why would I want all that responsibility ? What 's that ? My people are trying to contact me . Chakotay here . Are you okay , Commander ? For the time being . Can you get me out of here ? No , sir . We 're eight light-years away . How are you transmitting a signal that far ? We 're using a triaxilating frequency on a covariant subspace band . It was B 'Elanna 's idea . I take it she 's feeling better . She 's responded well to treatment . Have you located anyone else from the crew ? As a matter of fact , I 'm sitting with Captain Janeway right now . How is she ? A little ... suspicious , just like B 'Elanna was at first . How soon can you get back into transporter range ? We 'll need a couple more days to finish repairs . What about the shield grid ? I have an idea how to shut it down . Until I get back to you , let 's maintain com silence , just in case we 're being monitored . Understood . Good luck , Commander . Why did you call me " Captain " ? Because that 's who you are . That 's absurd . So what are you saying ? That I was brought here by force , too ? That my memories were manipulated ? I know it sounds strange , but ... Helping you was a mistake . Listen to me . There are more than a hundred members of Voyager 's crew working at that power plant- - your crew . And when our ship gets here , I 'll be able to prove it to you . Look ... I don 't want to force you to do anything you don 't want to , but don 't you at least want to know the truth ? Let me prove who I am . Hand me that dermal regenerator . We 're the same race . We 're more than that . We 're friends . Am I hearing you correctly ? You 're actually helping this man ? He abducted one of the workers . She 's a member of his crew . Right ... and you 're the Captain . Don 't you see he 's trying to convince you that you 'll have a better life if you go with him . Do you want to go with him ? No . Then why are you risking everything we have ? I was starting to think ... Stay where you are . I don 't know them . I think you do , and I think you were involved in their disappearance . I 'm not the man you 're looking for . Yes , the witness ' description doesn 't fit you exactly , but I 'm sure that 'll be explained once the doctor here finds evidence of dermal regeneration . What is it ? Some kind of ... communications device implanted under his skin . Remove it . Listen to me . You and I have something in common . Oh ? We 're both investigating disappearances . If you answer my questions , I 'll answer yours . I have an order to transfer this patient to Division 6 . Division 6 ? Neuropathology . We have reason to believe that he 's mentally ill . He 's lying . How could they know that ? They 've never examined me . I 'll come with you . I 'm sorry , sir , but my orders are to bring him for immediate treatment . This man is a suspect in a serious crime . I 'm not letting him out of my sight . If you check the order , you 'll see it 's been approved by the Director of investigations . My real name is Chakotay . I 'm an officer aboard the Federation Starship Voyager . Members of my crew were abducted , and their memories were altered , and they were put to work here . I can give you names , descriptions ! Listen to me ! Ah ... Smells good . Pancakes with maple syrup are your favorite breakfast . You know , sometimes food is like time travel . You inhale an aroma , take a bite of something , and suddenly , bam , you 're back at the moment you first tasted it . They 're good . I 'm not experiencing time travel . What are you reading ? Personal logs . Do you remember recording any of them ? Oh , they 're not mine ; they 're Tom 's . Those are supposed to be private . Well , he is my husband . What do they say ? They 're private ... .. but the way he describes me ... He loves you . I guess so . How do you feel ? It 's still a little foggy . That fog should lift . as soon as the Doctor finishes your treatments . Yeah ... but what about the guy who recorded these logs ? I 've been analyzing our scans of the Quarren patrol ships that attacked us , and I think I 've devised a way of evading their sensors . You do have a knack for tactical planning . Hmm . That 's something I 've been meaning to discuss with you . Once we 've succeeded in this mission , and I 'm certain we will , I 'd like you to help me program a new medical hologram . You don 't like the idea of going back to your old job now that you 've had a taste of command . I 'm a skilled officer . No offense , Doc , but that skill was programmed into you . - Yes , but ... - l 'm sure once you 're back to your old self , you 'll be happy being a full-time doctor again . Commander Chakotay 's hailing us . We 're receiving you , sir . Go ahead . I 'm having trouble with my transceiver . This may be to last chance we have to talk . What 's your status ? I 'm almost ready to shut down the shield grid . I 'm sending you encrypted instructions . They 'll tell you where and when to enter orbit . We have it , Commander . Chakotay out . Well , now you know where to find Voyager ... I 'll have three ships with me . They won 't escape again . If you 'd done your job the first time , we wouldn 't have a problem now . Don 't you have patients to attend to ? Uh , yes , sir . I 've been thinking . This is the second person we 've admitted with Dysphoria Syndrome in two days , and they both work at the power plant . Maybe we should issue a health alert , examine the rest of the workers . Do you think I 'm incompetent ? Sir ? This man is in charge of personnel at the power facility . I 've informed him of the situation . We 're already taking steps to ensure the safety of all of our employees . I 'm sorry to have bothered you . No need to apologize , Doctor . Your concern for your patients is admirable , but don 't worry . The man is already responding to treatment . I expect a full recovery . Why would this Tuvok be collecting information about his coworkers ? I don 't know , but the name on one of those files is B 'Elanna Torres . They both began working at the plant on the same day , along with 136 others , including myself . What 's unusual about that ? More than 100 skilled employees , most of them the same species , acquired in a single day ... during a labor shortage ? You 'll also note that every one of them was processed through the Central Hospital when they arrived . It 's routine for new workers to be examined . Yes , by Quarantine Control , but everyone on this list- - all of them- - were processed through Division 6 . You came through Neuropathology ? That 's what the records indicate , but I don 't remember being there . What do you expect me to do ? You can start by interviewing Mr. Tuvok . You 'll find him at the hospital . Why is he there ? He became emotionally unstable . Even if I wanted to help you , I couldn 't . Why not ? The Director of investigations relieved me of duty this morning . Yerid , I thought that was you . Have you found out anything about B 'Elanna ? He can 't assist you . He 's been relieved of duty . Oh . This man 's also in Tuvok 's file . What file ? Why don 't you tell him ? Tell me what ? I can 't go back to the hospital and start asking questions . I 'd be reported . Maybe I can help . Recently , I 've been ... I 'm a doctor . You can trust me . I 've been experiencing ... some disturbing thoughts . I don 't believe it 's anything serious , but I would like to speak with someone . Well , you 've come to the right place . Guest Labor Code Green , Employee 8586 . Hansen , Annika . You 've been a patient here before . Yes , when I first arrived . You were treated for Dysphoria Syndrome . I don 't recall that . These disturbing thoughts you mentioned- - would you characterize them as hallucinations ? What 's the cause of this syndrome ? We 're-we 're conducting studies to determine that . Fortunately , we have one of the foremost experts on the condition working here . I 'd like to speak with this expert . - Well , Dr. Kadan 's very busy . - So am I . Perhaps I should return when he 's free . Uh , wait here . I 'll find him . Yes ? My name is Yerid . I 'm from Criminal Investigations . How can I help you ? Kathryn Janeway ? Yes ? Do you know this man ? No . I thought maybe you 'd met him . Why ? He was found in your former living quarters , in possession of a dermal regenerator that you removed from the plant . I was the one who helped him . Jaffen ... He said he was from a starship , and that members of his crew had been abducted . He was obviously lying . I want to know everything he told you . How could she just walk out ? She was a voluntary patient . There was no reason for Security to stop her . She accessed 64 restricted files , all of them for people diagnosed with Dysphoria Syndrome . According to the records , those patients were all admitted on the same day , and you 're listed as the attending physician in every case . Oh , yes , I remember . Quite-quite an outbreak . You 've never mentioned it . Well , I 'm sorry if I haven 't kept you properly informed about my patients . Every one of them was discharged to the Main Power Authority . That supervisor you were talking to- - that 's where he worked . I explained that to you . I was informing him about a potential health threat . That plant worker , Amal Kotay- - he claimed that his friends had been abducted and put to work after having their memories altered . What are you implying ? You 're making false diagnoses , selectively changing what people remember and then sending them to work at the power plant . Very good , Doctor . Why ? A physician with more experience would be able to see this in the larger context . The true public health threat is the labor shortage , and the only cure is to find more skilled workers . We 're doctors ; we 're not supposed to harm patients . We 're helping them to lead productive , happy lives . By altering their memories ? The treatment I provide improves their lives and makes them better workers . In turn , our economy benefits . You 're profiting from this , aren 't you ? Doesn 't a physician deserve to be compensated for his services ? I 'll report you . To whom ? My research is funded by the Ministry of Health . Well , Criminal Investigations , then . As you may recall , the Director of investigations was the one who ordered Amal Kotay be placed under my care . Does everyone know about this ? Not everyone . Just a few trusted associates . The question is : Are you going to be one of them ? She 's considered dangerous . She 's never been in here . You 're sure ? I don 't think I 'd forget that face . If you do see her , report it immediately . She needs to be hospitalized . It 's safe now . Thank you . Well , if you really want to thank me , you can tell me what 's going on . It appears this Chakotay was telling the truth . So , uh , every worker at the plant had their memories altered ? I don 't believe it 's every worker . Your name didn 't appear in Dr. Kadan 's patient files , but mine did . So did yours . We should report this to the authorities . I 'll need more evidence before I start making accusations . Chakotay said he had proof of my real identity ... aboard a ship called Voyager . How can we locate it ? When his crew contacted him , they were using ... a triaxilating frequency on a covariant subspace band . There 's a subspace transponder at the power plant . I 'm going back to the plant to try to contact this ship . I understand if you don 't want to be involved . I 've been involved from the moment I met you . If I were to return to the hospital in your custody , it would give us an opportunity to help Chakotay and Tuvok . I had to sedate her . She wouldn 't come voluntarily . Her condition 's obviously worsened . I 'll treat her . There are some other patients I 'd like to interview . These people can 't be disturbed . I suggest you comply . Be careful . We 're being hailed . On screen . Starship Voyager ... Captain ? Why don 't you just call me Kathryn ? Yes , ma 'am . Where 's Commander Chakotay ? Hospitalized . He told me you had proof ... of who some of us really are . We do . You 're the woman who was abducted . Chakotay was supposed to deactivate the shield grid , so we could transport you and the others to safety . If you could find a way to shut down main power , the shield grid will go down , too . Will you help us ? We 're under attack . Three ships . Please , shut down the shield gr ... Jaffen ? Stop ! Don 't move ! Stay where you are . I hope you didn 't think I abandoned you . Never occurred to me . We need to shut down the main generators . So much for evading their sensors . The only way they could 've found us is if they knew exactly where to look . Transporters are off-line . We 'll never get to the generator controls . Maybe we don 't have to . What are you doing ? If I can make the computer think the core is going to overload , the main power should automatically shut down . Ask them to give us some privacy . You 're dismissed . Disconnect them . Dr. Ravoc ? Why is this man here ? Dysphoria Syndrome . We 're losing shields . Any advice from your tactical database ? Nothing relevant . How many escape pods do we have left ? Five . Stand by to eject three of them . I don 't think abandoning ship is the answer . Neither do I . Can you create a dampening field around the briefing room that 'll mask our life signs ? I believe so . Why ? Watch and learn . Your crew 's abandoned you again . I suggest you surrender your vessel . You should realize by now that I 'm not programmed to do that . Bravo , Ensign . B 'Elanna , I need those transporters . You better hurry up . Come on ... do it . Warning . Core overload detected . lnitiating emergency shutdown . We 've got to go ! Their shield grid 's failing . B 'Elanna ? Transporters are coming on line ... now ! ECH Log , supplemental . All the crew have been transported back to Voyager , and thanks to my experience with Lieutenant Torres , their treatment is proceeding rapidly . While they 're recovering , I still have a few command duties left to perform . If it weren 't for your efforts , this whole conspiracy might never have been uncovered . What 'll happen to the workers ? Well , we 've identified several thousand of Dr. Kadan 's patients . Once they 're treated , they 'll be repatriated . We appreciate everything you 've done . This way . Ooh ! What 's that for ? For taking care of me , even when you didn 't know who I was . Ow ! What was that for ? Flirting with your customers . I was a victim of mind control . Mm-hmm . I can see why you 'd rather live here . I 'd offer you a position . I could always use another skilled engineer . But as the Captain ... it wouldn 't really be appropriate for me to ... Fraternize with a member of your crew . Well , at least my memories weren 't tampered with . According to the medical reports , I really did come to Quarra looking for a better life , and now that I 've been promoted , I guess I 've succeeded . Promotion ? They had to replace our shift supervisor . Something about acquiring workers illegally . Congratulations . You deserve it . I thought you might like these back ... to remind you of our time together . I won 't need souvenirs to remember you . Captain on the Bridge ! Ready to go ? It may not have been real , Chakotay , but it felt like home . If you hadn 't come after me , I never would 've known that I had another life . Are you sorry I showed up ? Not for a second . Resume course , Mr. Paris . Aye , sir .
