 Crichton : Pilot , I 'm bringing Miss Kitty back from the O.K. Corral . Any word on Aeryn or Doc Rygel yet ? Pilot : Not as yet , Crichton . Hey , are you still angry at me ? ( laughs ) Cut it out . What do you think ? Look , I got information on the slave auctions , didn 't I ? Quit tripping me . - D 'Argo will be happy . D 'Argo 's not going to be happy if he finds out how you got the information . D 'Argo won 't care how I got the information as long as I help him find his son . Chiana , my little trollop , he will care . Look , you needn 't worry , okay ? I can look after myself . Yes , yes , I know . You can kick , kiss and cry your way out of any situation . I just wish you 'd stop getting into them . You know , we barely got your ass out of there before that guy and his buddies turned nasty . You 're just cranked ' cause Winona jammed . Hey , Winona has been very reliable . It 's not her fault that she jammed . Right . Aeryn and Rygel had to stay behind to cover our asses . You can bet they 're going to be really cranked when they get back . Look , Aeryn can yell at me as much as she likes . You need to hope that Aeryn only yells . Come on , baby . Chiana . Good luck . ( whispers ) : Dren . Here we go . Hey . You gonna have a go at me , too ? 'Cause Crichton sure isn 't holding back . I want to apologize for not looking after you better . My behavior has been self-centered and inappropriate . I don 't get it . What don 't you get ? Crichton : Well , we just had our asses whooped saving Chiana . And you 're apologizing to her . That 's scary . Well , that was in the past , John . Now we look toward the future . Rygel ( chuckling ) : We have a surprise for you . Chiana : For me ? Oh , will it explode when I open it ? No , Chiana , you don 't open this . You embrace it . Yes , a feeling of joy and contentment so powerful you 'll wonder how you ever lived without it . ( chuckling ) Something 's not right . Aeryn doesn 't even shower without her Pulse Pistol . Chiana , go talk to D 'Argo . Yeah . Where are you going ? We told you , we have a surprise for you . It 's all right . You can give it to me later . Chiana , dear . It 's time to go home . Aeryn , who the frell is this ? It 's all right , John . Varla helped us and we in turn must help her . Chiana : Ryge ... They 're cleansed . What ? Chiana : They 're cleansed . No ! I 'm never going home ! Do you hear me ? ! ( metallic click ) Aeryn ... Aeryn ! Don 't let me hurt you , Chiana . Drop the weapon . Let her go . My name is John Crichton , an astronaut . A radiation wave hit and I got shot through a wormhole . Now I 'm lost in some distant part of the universe on a ship , a living ship , full of strange alien life-forms . Help me . Listen , please . is there anybody out there who can hear me ? I 'm being hunted by an insane military commander . I 'm doing everything I can . I 'm just looking for a way home . Meelak . My guide . I came as soon as I received your signal . is Chiana aboard ? She is . And we must honor our fallen shipmates and deliver her as soon as possible . Yes . And ... is this ship contained ? ( grunting ) Officer Sun ! Aeryn ! Why are you doing this ? ! We need your cooperation , Pilot . No harm will come to you if you cooperate . ( growling ) Varla : Regrettably , your species nullifies the effects of the mental cleansing process . Therefore we must resort to the use of the collar . ( growls ) ( electronic beeping ) ( groaning ) Please , do as I ask and I won 't have to use the collar again . ( straining ) : What do you want ? ! This holds the coordinates to the nearest Nebari Territorial Outpost . We 'd like you to take us there immediately . ( gasps ) Aeryn : Pilot , Varla 's ship had a run-in with a Peacekeeper patrol , probably from Scorpius 's Carrier . Please make sure that Moya 's sensors are on full alert . The patrol may still be in the area . If there is even a chance that it is , then we need to Starburst immediately ! ( electronic beeping ) ( groaning ) Razaric acid ! If this Leviathan goes into Starburst , the collar will detect it and automatically inject a lethal dose . We must get to the outpost . Aeryn : Please do so , Pilot . We would not like to lose you . ( groaning weakly ) D 'Argo , what do you remember ? I was in Command . Aeryn came in , with a smile on her face for no apparent reason , and then ... Yeah , Aeryn smiling for no reason . That should have been our first clue . Yeah , then she shot me with some weapon . I 've never seen anything like it before . Well wait till they rip your eyes out . Yeah , but did they chain you up , Chiana ? I 'm their prize . Hell , you must be the top of the $ 100,000 pyramid , if they 're going to mind cleanse Aeryn and Rygel just to get on board . Mind cleanse ? Chiana , I thought you said that took 100 cycles ? This is temporary . It 's drug induced . Short-term , but just as effective . Crichton : Chiana , let me ask you a question . When you first came on board , Elvis had you in cuffs dragging you back to Nebari Prime . Now we got Debra Harry doing the same thing . Why are your people so jazzed about getting you home ? I don 't know . That woman looks like she 's been through the bad part of hell just to get near you . Now , why would she do that ? Chiana , you must tell us . So , you are the sister . ( D 'Argo growling ) Zhaan , help us ! Worry not . ( yelling ) Leave ' em alone ! Soon you will know the bliss that I know . Aeryn : Your wounds are deep . This one looks badly infected . My condition is of no concern . All that matters is that Chiana is delivered to Nebari Territorial Control . Varla , I know this girl . She isn 't even remotely dangerous to anyone but herself . Perhaps you don 't know her as well as you think . is it something you can disclose to me ? My people have initiated the most ambitious plan to eliminate violent and aggressive behavior , and that girl threatens everything . It is hard to believe that Chiana could jeopardize your efforts . Well , hopefully , that fear will become obsolete . ( chains rattle ) Chiana , everybody else on board has been mind cleansed . D 'Argo 's probably in the spin cycle right now . That means it 's either you or me next . Can 't be me . The temporary cleansing doesn 't work for Nebaris . It 's only meant for aliens . Perfect. I 'm next . Chiana , when these people came on board , they were after you . That makes you the " it " girl . You 've got something they want , what is it ? I don 't have anything . Chiana ... Salis ... he kept asking me about the Resistance . Some kind of Resistance . The guy who took D 'Argo away . He called you the sister . What did he mean , " the sister ? " I 've only been sister to one person . That 's Nerri . He 's dead . We got to get you out of here . Get me out of these chains ! Chiana , stop . Stop it , stop . Look , everybody on board has secrets . We all have secrets . You got one , that 's fine . Keep it . Right up to the point where they come to fry my brain . Now ... when Salis found you , you 'd been running . Why ? Nerri and I escaped Nebari Prime when we were really young . We didn 't escape . The government gave us Exit Permits . We didn 't know why they made it so easy . We didn 't care . We ... we just ran . It wasn 't until two cycles later that Nerri found out why . ( gasping ) I can 't believe how much it hurts . I couldn 't ... ( sharp gasp ) I couldn 't believe it either . But I 've been through it . You will , too . Once I 'm through this , the contagion will be completely out of my system ? That 's what I was told . And I won 't be spreading it anymore ? You and me , we 're both clean . Okay . I just wish I could say the same for all the others . I 'll be better when we 're out of here . When we get off this planet . Chiana ... I 'm not coming with you . What ? What are you talking about ? Somebody high up in the Establishment gave me the antibody . I saw him . He 's the one they 're after . I can identify him . Well then we run . We hide . That 's what we 're good at . This is serious this time , Chiana . The Establishment is trying to infect as much of the galaxy as it can with this contagion of theirs . And they 're gonna want to find out who gave it to us . And then they 're gonna mind frell me . I 'm coming with you ... you . No . We 're less conspicuous if we split up . Oh Nerri ... We will see each other again , sister . I swear to you , we will . ( rumbling ) Crichton : Your own people infected you with some kind of disease . Nerri ... me ... hundreds like us . Maybe thousands . In the routine physical examination they so generously gave us . And they knew that you 'd go out and transmit it . How did you , um ... Through carnal contact . Nerri and I were young . We did an admirable job for them . Chiana ... why didn 't you tell us about this before ? That my people were planning to frell over as much of the galaxy as they could ? You barely let me stay aboard Moya as it was . Chiana ... they probably think you 're still in contact . That you might be able to ... ( torture device beeping ) ( yelling and choking ) ( beeping stops and yelling ceases ) lt is his time , Chiana . Soon it will be yours . Varla : The treatment will help you by removing all negative impulses . Tell him , D 'Argo . Uh ... it 's true , John . All the things I 've done as a warrior . All the horrible thoughts I 've had all the cycles of my life . ( sobbing ) : Even about you. I am so sorry ! That 's okay , D 'Argo . We 'll talk later . ( whimpering ) : Okay . You don 't have to do this . You can just lock me up . You will thank us after treatment . Just stay the hell away from me . Don 't do this ! It is either mind cleansing or death . Hey , isn 't that against your Nebari Prime directive ? We are in difficult times . I 'm afraid we must do whatever necessary to serve the greater good . ( strangled yell ) ( yelling ) Don 't struggle . It only makes this procedure more painful . ( yells ) The patches will release a chemical into your neural system . You should feel the effects almost immediately . ( tortured gasp ) ( grunting ) Welcome , Chiana . Would you care for some food ? I 'd rather starve . Please , take my plate . All your friends are now free of their old ways . All their selfish , abhorrent , violent thoughts have been eliminated . You mean drugged away . Where 's your brother ? Where is Nerri , hmm ? My brother ? ( soft laugh ) My brother 's dead . He died a quarter of a cycle ago . So you can use me all you like , but you can 't get to him anymore . Your brother is very much alive . He was positively identified as the leader of an assault on Nebari freight convoys , less than ten solar days ago . Meelak : The Establishment has sent out many messengers like you and Nerri , spreading the contagion for nearly 20 cycles . Varla : The contagion spreads quickly . It shows no outward symptoms . It merely waits . Waits for what ? A specific time , Chiana . Ordained by the Establishment . Meelak : We don 't expect it to have infected entire civilizations , only enough to throw those worlds into chaos . So that when our emissaries arrive , they 'll be met by minimum resistance . The contagion will ... will take control of everybody it 's infected ? All on the same day . Hopefully not too long from now . Where is Nerri ? I don 't know . ( beeping ) ( agonized gasp ) You will tell us where he is or we will simply use you to bring him out of hiding . You 're not using me again ! ( beeping ) ( agonized gasping ) ( echoing ) : Frellthem ... ( echoing ) : Frell it ... ( echoing ) : Resist . ( echoing ) : Fight it . ( echoing ) : Fight them . If you 've also come to tell me what a wonderful thing the Nebari are doing for you , I am not interested ! ( echoing ) : The Nebari is the death of you . No , Pilot . I 'm here to tell you that the Nebari are a bunch of geeks ! And their damn mind cleansing doesn 't work on mama Crichton 's baby boy ! John Crichton , astronaut . Master of the universe . Ah ! Pilot , it 's me . But ... how ? I don 't know . They gave me the full monty , and it was working , and then I got this , this ... this , this ... flash , and it was like it was soaking up the drug . I snapped out of it . And the Nebari ? They don 't know ? ( surf dude accent ) : Crap , man . I drool with the best of ' em , dude . ( chuckling ) What is it they want ? They have some vast plot to take over a chunk of the galaxy . Ah , Varla gave me the coordinates to a Nebari outpost . We 're on our way there . Can 't you veer off course , slow down , or something ? Officer Sun comes in often , checks the readouts on my panel . And Starburst is out of the question . If I attempt it , this frelling collar will kill me instantly . We 've got Nebari aboard , most everybody is mind cleansed , and there 's a Peacekeeper patrol in the immediate vicinity . Peacekeeper patrol ? That 's why most of Varla 's crew is dead . Their transport came under attack by a Peacekeeper patrol . Well , keep cussin ' , man . I sure as hell can 't get this collar off without some help . It is the ultimate gift , Chiana . Any other life course only leads to pain and suffering . Look at you . You wouldn 't have to be bound like this if you were to give yourself up to serve the greater good . What good could come of infecting your own people and then sending them out to infect as many others as possible ? ! You and Nerri and those like you , we merely found another way for you to serve . ( yells ) What are you doing ? Oh , you know , Moya 's amnexus system is like in flux , so I 'm just sort of , you know , looking for the source . Will that affect the safety and speed of this ship ? Ch 'yuh ! Hey , totally screw the pooch , babe . Very well . Proceed . Thank you for your service . Cool . It 's for the greater good . She gonna get ya , get ya , get ya , get ya . How you doing ? Get out of here . Leave me alone . Chiana , dear ... I 'm not mind cleansed . Yeah , right ! You know , I don 't have time for this . What is this , some half kelled attempt to make me tell you where Nerri is ... You 're really not cleansed ? No . My thoughts are as dirty as ever . ( trembling laughter ) My god. I thought ... I thought I was all alone . I thought ... I thought you were ... Oh , no , you 're not going to cry on me , now , are you ? Hey , you got a plan ? A plan . No . We got no weapons , the DRDs are switched off , and we gotta find a way to get D 'Argo or Aeryn back on our side . There 's no way . Why not ? Hell , Durka did something that busted his brain washing . No . This temporary cleansing is drug induced . It 's got to be metabolized . ( low rumbling vibration ) Hey , Crichton . ( grunting ) Crichton , you okay ? ( echoing ) : Snap out ... snap out ... snap out ... Hey . Oh , I 'm fine. I 'm , uh ... I 'm fine . Just fine . What ? Wha ... ? Uh ... Rygel . Rygel , he 's ... he 's got a great metabolism . Yes , he does . Yes , he does . ( falsetto babbling ) Hey dude , how they hanging , man ? Just , uh , perfect . Thank you so much for your concern . Oh ... munchies . Good idea , man . Don 't eat so much , though . You 'll Belushi out , cat . Hynerian physiology . Three stomachs . ( chuckles ) Whoa , three stomachs . Whoa , hey , don 't go away . Don 't stop eating . What 's the matter ? Your food doesn 't taste good ? ( giggles ) Hey , three tummies , dude . You could be clean , man . ( laughs ) ( slaps ) Please don 't tell them ! Rygel . Rygel , calm down . Please , Crichton ! I don 't want my eyes sucked out again . Sparky , shut up ! It 's me ! - l like my eyes where they are ! ( gasping and panting ) You mean , you 're not affected , either ? No , I 'm not affected . Now , keep your voice down . I 've been having these ... oh , forget about that . Right now we got to do something , and I mean fast . We ? - Yes . You , me and Pilot ... we 're the only ones who aren 't Nebari puppets . I 'm nobody 's puppet ! I don 't know what you 're suggesting but I 'm not angering these people . They 're not mad at me , and that 's how it 's going to stay . Buckwheat , I need your help . Mmm . Exactly what do you want the Hynerian to help you do , Crichton ? Rygel : Oh , I 'm so grateful you 're here . He needs help . Lots of help . I don 't think the mind cleansing is working ... ( socks ) Obviously , not . Was this part of your plan ? You have something planned ? Are there any communication devices here ? No , you grolash . You took them away from us right before you and your girlfriend decided ... Are we missing something here ? We don 't have much time . This ... can only be activated by contacting your DNA . Hey , little sister . I told you we 'd see each other again . Hmm , well , at least you 're seeing me . A lot of things have changed since we saw each other last . I don 't know how much you know about what it is I 'm doing but it 's important work , very important . ( laughs ) Work . Do you believe I 've been doing something like that ? I wish you could be part of it . But it 's kind of dangerous . Wherever it is you are right now , you 're probably better off there . Whoever gave you this image disk is one of my people . Treat them well . They are a friend . But they are also under my strictest orders not to take you to me . It 's far too hazardous . Maybe someday when things get safer ... Nerri , they 're coming . Look , I just wanted you to know that I 'm alive and well , for now , at least . Keep yourself well-hidden , little sister , and out of harm 's reach . I love you dearly . ( sobbing ) Nerri . The only thing that Nerri cares more about than the resistance is you . You got to get me out of here . Yeah , you got to take me to him . You heard the message . He only wants you to know that he 's alive . He doesn 't want you to get involved doing what we 're doing . No , I want to help him . Help the cause , please . Shh ... lf Varla hears you , we 'll all be frelled . All right . So , what do we do now ? You know our secret , we know yours . We 're kind of at a standoff . I have some data that I 've got to get back to Nerri and the others . As soon as we hit the outpost , I 'm going to take the expresser out of there . You two are on your own . So , he cares enough to send you with a message , but he doesn 't care if she gets mind-cleansed ? If I help you , then I jeopardize my position and all those that are depending on me . If you don 't take me with you I 'll tell Varla everything . Go on . Threaten me with that . Tell her how your friend here somehow avoided the temporary mind cleanse . Crichton : Well if we don 't do something soon , Pilot , we will all be speaking Nebari . What can we ... Hey , Varla and Meelak 's transport . They said they got chased by a Peacekeeper patrol , right ? Yes . It 's perfect , I got an idea . What if we made them think that it came back ? I ... don 't understand . is there some way that you and Moya could fake them hunting us down ? Make Varla think that the Peacekeeper patrol ... Both : had come back ? Both : Yes . There are some vid images in Moya 's data stores . I could cyber-manipulate one to appear on the forward portal . All right , do it , get started , all of it . I 'm gonna get D 'Argo and Aeryn ... Wait , Commander ! All DRD functions have been shut down , and this isn 't something I can do from here . Someone has to make the hardwire circuitry connections in Moya 's neural cluster . I 'm gonna need help . Oh , Rygel , where are you my little husky ? I have a stick for you . ( whistling ) Where are you , boy ? ( squeaking ) Oh , my . Eenie , meeinie , minie ... ( shouting ) : Mo ! ( clattering ) Oh ! Oh , uh ... ( laughs nervously ) Hello . Uh , I felt it best if I ... Best if you hid until all my violent thoughts had been wiped ? I didn 't want to disturb the process . You are cleansed , aren 't you ? No . ( grunts ) Rygel , as you may notice , my nasty urges have not been suppressed . Crichton , what the yotz are you ... Shut up , you miserable excuse for a life . I 'm sick of having you sell us out every chance you get . I don 't do it every chance , believe me . Don 't you B.S. me , Guido ! You 're on the first transport out of here . On the contrary . I was looking forward to reaching the Nebari outpost . We 're not getting out of this one . These are the Nebari . Ne-ba-ri . What happens when you get to the outpost , Buckwheat ? You let them strap you in and give you the deluxe brainwash ? They only cleanse those who don 't conform . I can be the go-along guy if it means being part of the action . You aren 't into self-preservation . You are the king of it ! Not king . Dominar . Well , I 'm not ready to roll over and be mind frelled . Pilot and I have a plan and you are gonna help . And if I refuse ? ( shouting ) : Hey everybody ! Rygel 's not mind-cleansed . Shh . Crichton . - He 's not conforming . He 's faking it , man . Hey , maybe we should double his dose . Silence ! You get the point ? Aeryn : What 's all this noise ? Oh hey , Aeryn . Yeah , uh , I was just yelling for Rygel . He 's going to uh , uh , help me , uh , fix a leak in one of the amnexus conduits . Yes , yes . - Cool . I thought D 'Argo was doing that . Yes , he is . No , no . No , D 'Argo , he 's , uh ... he 's not well . - No , no . So we told him that we could do it . Yeah , it 's no problem . No problem at all . Come on , little buddy . Up you go , little buddy ! Oh , yeah , hey , we 're going to go do a service for the greater good . Bye ! Cool . ( thud ) Oh ! - Oh , hey , whoa ! Sorry , man . Come on . Whoa ! It 's going to be more real than real . It 's gonna be super 3-D smell-o-vision in sensurround . But you have to do your part . Okay . Well how do you suppose I get Varla to the Command ? I don 't know , but you 're a smart girl . You 'll figure that out . Just make sure you give me half an arn before you get started . Hey , old man ? Ultra omnivision , man , whoa ! D 'Argo , are you feeling better ? I 've never felt any better . That 's strange . Crichton said you were feeling ill . ( clinking ) Hey , Sparky , pass me some more plexus cable . ( crackling ) Oh ! Oh , no way . Hey , don 't ... don 't do that . You 're gonna get us killed . It 'll only save the Nebari the trouble later . Pilot : Crichton . Yeah , Pilot . I suggest you and Rygel hurry . It appears Chiana already has the Nebari up on the Command . Already ? Yes , and I have nothing to show them . Oh , hell . Varla : So , Chiana ... ( torture device beeping ) ( chokes and gasps ) I told you I was ready to cooperate . I don 't wanna be cleansed . I don 't need to be cleansed . That 's what I wanna prove to you . You said you know where Nerri is hiding . Yes ... I know . And I 'm ready to tell you . I told her to wait half an arn . It has been half an arn , Crichton . Yeah , well , we 're not ready yet . What are you two doing ? Oh , great ! Just what we need . A lobotomized Luxan . Hey hey , guys . How you doing ? You want to give us a hand , here ? You know , Moya amnexus conduits are really frelled . A lot worse than I thought . Totally frelled . But I finished adjusting the amnexus conduits myself less than an arn ago . Aeryn : So , if you 're not fixing the amnexus conduits , that would mean that you just lied . Which would indicate ... That you are ... Both : no longer mind cleansed . Wow . You know , you 're both really mistaken . But if you don 't want to help , just leave me alone . I can work in peace , man . No , I think we all need to go and see Varla . I can 't do that , Aeryn . Then you really leave us no choice . ( D 'Argo hisses ) Hey ... You know , I thought that mind cleansing removed inappropriate behaviors . You know it really pains us to do this to you , John . But you have left us no other options . Drop what you 're doing now , Rygel . But I ... Crichton : Hey , Ryg ... it 's a good idea , man . Drop what you 're doing . Are you completely farhbot ? Just ... don 't argue . It 's inappropriate . Ah ... ah . Hmm , if you insist . ( D 'Argo yells ) ( chuckles ) Bitchin ' , man . - Bitchin ' . ( torture device beeping ) ( choking and gasping ) This is not a game , child . You said had information about Nerri 's whereabouts . Either you do , or you don 't . You got to give me some time . I 'm a slum kid from the south Walapawn province . Hey , Varla , I 've got something of great urgency to tell you . Wow. ls everything cool ? What is it you want to tell me ? It appears as though we 're being shadowed by a Peacekeeper patrol . Servicer , report . Commander Crichton is correct . Moya 's senses are detecting a squadron of Prowlers closing fast . Prepare for confrontation . With what ? She 's a Leviathan . She doesn 't have any weapons . How screwed does that make ya ? ( torture device beeping ) ( gasping ) This vessel is large enough to withstand a Prowler attack . Maintain course and increase speed . The Prowlers are not alone . They have a vanguard of a full Peacekeeper Command Carrier . Has the larger vessel located us yet ? Affirmative . It has just entered Moya 's sense horizon . Do we have visual ? On forward portal . Whoa . Detail . Whoa . How could they find us ? lnitiate defensive maneuvers . The only defensive maneuver Moya 's got is ... is Starburst . And I am restrained from Starburst , upon penalty of death . Maybe we should let the Pilot go , then we can escape . Varla : No . Maintain course at all costs . The safety of our rendezvous point is near . The Command Carrier 's Frag Cannons have locked and targetted us . They wouldn 't fire before contacting us ... would they ? They 're firing ! I cannot out-turn it . lmpact in three microts . Direct hit ! Upper canopy . Uh , yeah , Pilot . Uh , damage assessment . Outer hull breach . Primary and secondary iriscententfluid bladders ruptured . Sealing off areas immediately ! Directional stabilizers vaporized . Klestron filters non-operational ! Manuever from their range , Pilot . I cannot ! My control of the ship is decreasing with each ... Another salvo ! Prepare for impact ! ( grunting ) ( beeping ) ( choking and gasping ) Attention , Leviathan . I am Captain ... Captain Crais . Command ... Commander of the Peacekeeper Pleisar Regiment . Our sens ... sensors detect the presence aboard ... aboard your vessel of a ... a Nebari Star Runner which we have been pursuing . A boarding party has been despatched . Do not ... do not attempt to turn them away . If you do , it will mean destruction of your ship . I warn you , do not ... do not test me . How far to the rendezvous point ? You 'll never make it . ( beeping ) How far ? Still at least one arn . Meelak : Do you have any capability of outrunning this pursuer ? Not without Starbursting . And one more direct hit and even that will be gone . Crichton : Hey , we really ought to cut the collar off that Pilot so we can Starburst , you know ? There is no time to Starburst . ( beeping ) lf the Peacekeepers get the girl she 'll lead them to Nerri . ( beeping ) ( choking ) And that will mean Peacekeeper 's aid to the resistance . ( screaming ) : No ! Hey , no . Hey , you know that that goes against everything Nebari stand for man ! You can 't just kill her in cold blood . All is forgiven if it is in the service of the greater good . Please ... Give me your gun ! - No . You 'll have to choose between these woman . You have to choose . No ! ( grunts ) ( beeping ) ( gasping ) You are senior here , Varla . But I resist the temptation to terminate the prize that we were sent to retrieve ! No ! - Varla , no ! Crichton : Hey you know , you don 't have to kill her . This entire Peacekeeper experience ? It 's a ruse . No Peacekeeper Command Carrier ? Pilot ? Terminate the simulation . But Commander , the vessel attacking us is real ! Cut the crap , Pilot ! Terminate the simulation ! If I had released Pilot 's control collar ? We would Starburst away from your rendezvous point , you foul skank . ( beeping ) ( yells ) You see , Meelak , discipline and faith defeats any insurgence . ( yelling ) ( yells ) ( loud thud ) You ... betrayed me . And you have betrayed the spirit of our people . Sorry you had to do that . I had no choice . Hey Pip , you okay ? Yeah ... yeah . Pilot : Crichton ... did that work for you ? I thought it worked . Hmm , definitely . Yeah , Pilot . You 're the best . You were great . ( D 'Argo growling ) Just how long do you intend to keep us in here for , Rygel ? ( chuckles ) As long as it takes for the mind cleansing to wear off . It has frellingworn off . Zhaan : Isn 't it obvious , sweet Rygel , that we are no longer cleansed ? Must be absolutely certain . We were in the vicinity of the slave auctions where my son was sold , and you are wasting my time ! Pilot is already plotting a course . There 's nothing left for you to do but stay in there and metabolize . ( growling ) ( laughing ) I 'm coming with you . Nerri asked me not to bring you . He 's my leader. I do what he says . No . Hey , hey , hey ... Nerri doesn 't know what he 's talking about , all right ? I 'm three cycles younger than him and I had to teach him how to ... how to cinch his shoes . I figure if I limp across the Nebari boundary , and tell him we were attacked and everybody else was killed , they might believe me . And , I still have information vital to the Resistance . But I wanna help ! Chiana . He 's right. lt 's for the best . If you go into Nebari territory you will be recognized and arrested . Nerri 's alive . I just ... I wanna see him . I understand . But you cannot compromise what he 's doing . Your brother 's alive . He 's alive . Take that . It 's more than you had yesterday . I want to go to him . I know . But since when do people like us get what we want ? ( engines starting )
