 Two more days until the moon is right my boys ! I call upon the powers of the supernatural Enter my body . Fill me with your vision and magic ! I am the southern witch of darkness . Still out there , are you ? Well , not for much longer . Narina , Brywik , where are you ? - We 're here , Dame Alice , - Waiting on your calling . Tonight your patience will be rewarded . I need your help . This will be the final test of your initiation . - What is it you want us to do ? - Anything . We are ready . I believe you are , Narina . You are too , Brywik . There is a wizard who dwells in a house built in the trees . He is a dark magician ... who has devised machinery that threatens to destroy the supernatural . He must be destroyed ! But what can we do against a man like this ? You can do a great deal . He is protected by two guards ... I want you to bring them here ... to join in the celebration of your initiation . I will vanquish the wizard ... and his familiar myself . No more than a servant , like my dogs . I 'm sure of that . Two nights from now , when the moon is full , you will gain the ability to fly , to change shapes into any human being , to heal or to destroy . If you succeed in your tasks , then you will earn the power of the witch . It is a big responsibility . Where will we find this house in the trees ? Go north to through valley ... until you reach the forest of the ancient trees . I will watch your progress in the stone . We will not fail you , Dame Alice . We must leave immediately . In two days , your fasting will be over . The wizard 's guards will die , and you will dine on their flesh . As for you , wizard , enjoy the short time you have left . At the dawn of the last century A band of explorers searched for a prehistoric world Driven by ambition Secret desires A thirst for adventure And seeking the ultimate story They are befriended by an untamed beauty Stranded in a strange and savage land Each day is a desperate search for a way out ... of the Lost World Nothing ! Nothing and more nothing . Where are you , Veronica ? Challenger built a fine balloon , Malone . But do you really think it 's still be in the air ... two weeks after it disappeared ? I keep hoping she 'll repair and get it flying again . Why would she ? This plateau is her home . She 'll return to us on foot . But the balloon could have drifted 200 miles or more , Roxton . She may not even be on the plateau anymore . True enough . Who knows ? Maybe she 's on her way to London right now ... to organise and expedition and come back and find the rest of us . Wouldn 't that be a fine chapter for one of your journals . In other words , we may never find her . That 's a possibility we all have to face , Ned . Until we know for sure , we can 't stop looking . We can 't lose hope . Just like we never lost hope when you were missing . You 're right . If Veronica 's on the plateau , we 'll find her . I hope I 'm not invited on this little excursion . Good morning , Marguerite ! We wouldn 't start without you . Please do ! My back are sore , my arms are sore , my legs are sore ... - Need I continue ? - Please don 't ! My ears are sore . Take a break , Marguerite . Stay home . Thank you , Ned . - How long is this expedition last ? - Two days . Or less . We 're hoping that ... Veronica 's already on her way back to the tree house . I like the sound of that . You can man the binoculars and take care of Challenger . Where is he ? Do you want to tell her or shall I ? Oh , be my guest . Challenger is working on a new invention . A device for tracking flying objects . What is the matter with you ? Having a problem there , George ? It was working fine last night , then this morning , I don 't know . Seems to have a mind of its own . A machine that thinks ! Now that really would be something . Right now I 'd settle for one that just functions properly . Remind me what it 's supposed to do again ? As well you know , in 1888 , Heinrich Hertz established that radio waves ... travel at exactly the same speed as light , and that like light , they could be reflected . A few years later Hertz demonstrated the ... value of this discovery by using reflected radio waves ... to discern distant objects . Like , ah , aeroplanes and runaway balloons , huh . Veronica knows how that balloon works , Roxton . She helped me build it . If it 's not too badly damaged , I 'm sure she 'll be able to get it airborne again . Why would she , George ? The ... balloon is what got her lost in the first place . Roxton is convinced she abandon it and walk home . That 's right . Yes , I suppose that is a distinct possibility , But we have to use everything at our disposal to try and locate her . Science has always been my greatest tool ... when it works . Well , keep working on it , If anyone can make it work , Challenger , it 's you . In the meantime , we 'll execute the search the old-fashioned way . Good luck ! The wizard 's guards are leaving . This is going to be easier than we thought . You know , Ned , I 've been meaning to ask you ... and please , I don 't mean to pry ... but ... I never did really understand what was going on between you and Veronica . Well , let 's just say I care for her deeply . We 'll always be great friends ... but romantically , I think she 's looking for something else . Like what ? Well , she loves my stories ... not me . I think she needs a man of action , more like you . You know , sometimes you are far too hard on yourself . I mean , for a man of words , you 've seen more than your fair share of action . Well , ' live when you 're young , write when you 're old ' , that 's my new motto . Why don 't we split up ? I 'll continue on the crest of the hill , you continue through the valley , and ... we 'll meet in about two hours at the creek bed . - Tired of my company already ? - I didn 't want to say it , but ... you are slowing me down a little . I 'll see you in two hours . Don 't be late ! They are splitting up . Which one do you want ? The blond looks very appealing . Good ! I like the other one myself . Oh ! Don 't shoot ! Well , who are you ? My name is Narina . I 've been looking everywhere for you . Oh really ! Why would that be ? well , uh , don 't you remember ? No . No , I don 't . And that 's close enough . Oh ! Look ! Look ! Good one , Roxton . Hey ! Come back here ! No balloon . Excuse me ! Hello ? I 'm sorry , I didn 't mean to ... are you all right ? Yes , yes , I 'm fine . You look a little out of breath though . Yeah , I guess I do . I didn 't mean to startle you . Are you lost ? Lost ? Oh , no , Not at all . I left my village long ago to lead a life of my own choosing . - What , alone in the jungle ? - No . No . I live in a castle . It 's not too far from here . A castle . Built into the side of a mountain . It 's very old . - Do you want to see it ? - Sure . But I really can 't right now . I 've got to meet a friend of mine ... due south of here in a couple of hours . I 'm going that way myself . Maybe we could walk together until our paths diverge . I don 't see any harm in that . Tell me about this castle of yours . You 're not getting away with this ! Not with my bloody rifle . Now I 've got you . Such good girls . The guards are out of the way , and the wizard is alone and unprotected . I think it 's time to pay a visit , and to see just how powerful you really are . I 've checked it and rechecked it , so . I don 't understand ! Looks like it 's working fine . The mechanics are the easy part . It 's not sending out a signal . Maybe there 's something wrong with the controls . Back at the laboratory , you mean . Well , that is a possibility . Then again , you may have bitten off ... a little more than you can chew this time . Nonsense ! The materials may be rudimentary , but there is nothing wrong with the design . At the risk of sounding skeptical , George , wouldn 't it be more practical to just build another balloon ? You have the technology , that new rubberized material is perfect , you said . And with a new balloon we can continue the search for Veronica from the air . And if we don 't find her we ... What ? we can all fly home . What is it ? Raptors . Do you see them ? How many are there ? I don 't know ! I 'm not Veronica . Maybe you just imagined it . No , when I use my imagination , it isn 't for raptors . It 's a T-Rex ! That 's another fantasy I can do without . Oh . Any inventive suggestions , George ? I 'm a bit short on ideas right now , We could take refuge in the base of the windmill . The T-Rex will knock it down like a house of cards . - Well , let 's run for it . - What kind of a plan is that ? - Run . - I 'm right behind you What on earth ? - Where did she come from ? - Be off with you . The T-Rex seems to be afraid of her . Well , whatever scent she 's wearing , I 'll take a dozen bottles . I hope I 'm not intruding . Intruding ? I should say not ! Madam ! - However did you do that ? - We have an understanding . I 'm a witch you see . A good witch ! Dame Alice . How do you do ! My name is George Challenger . I 'm a scientist . - Oh , this is Marguerite Krux . - A skeptic . How did you really do that ? I told you , with a little bit of magic . That is what witches do , you know . Play with the weather , make magic potions , cast little spells . And fly . Witches can also fly . Can you do that ? How else would I got here ? Well perhaps you could give us a ... practical demonstration of this most extraordinary ability . This is a most interesting apparatus ... What exactly does it do ? - I don 't trust her . - Oh Marguerite ! She just saved us from a T-Rex . Let 's not be uncharitable . looks like some sort of instrument of magic . No , It 's not magic , Dame Alice . I 'm a man of science . I attempt to harness the powers of nature for practical purposes . With this apparatus , for example , I can transmit and receive electromagnetic waves ... through the atmosphere . Much the same way I receive my power . Sounds like our friend hasn 't given up after all . Witchis gone . It 's incredible , she just disappeared . - Let 's disappeared , quickly . - Tree house let 's go ! Where are you ? Don 't tell me I lost you that easily . Not likely . Now you keep your hands where I can see them ? You know , stealing a man 's rifle is a sure good way to get yourself shot . If you must kill me , do it quickly . I have no intention of killing you . ... what are your intentions ? To turn around and walk the other way . But ... what pleasure is there in that ? Look , whatever you 're offering , I 'm not interested . Tomorrow there will be a great feast of joy at my castle . Just stay where you are . Why must you be so cruel ? Don 't you want just a little taste ? Thanks , but I have other plans ... Unless you 've seen a young woman in a hot-air balloon . - In a balloon ? - I 'll take that as a no . So you go your way and I 'll go mine . And don 't follow me . I mean it ! Are you sure I can 't convince you to come to our castle ? Well , next time perhaps , but I really have to meet my friend . I know ! We can leave a note for him ! He 's more than welcome to join us . Well , I 'll suggest that to him when he shows up . I 'm sure he can find his way . I 'm sure he can too , but I promised to meet him here . Such loyalty to your friend ! But isn 't it deeds , not words , that make the man ? Whoa ! Wait a minute ! There 's no one around , no one is going to interrupt us . Yeah , but I hardly know you ! You keep talking about this woman you are searching for in the balloon but ... I 've seen the way you look at me . You don 't now anything about me . Don 't you find me attractive ? Like I said , I 'll , I 'll discuss it with my friend once he gets here . You 're late , Roxton . You don 't really think she was a witch , do you ? I don 't believe it for a minute . Although she did seem to have some power over that T-Rex , not to mention her ability to appear and disappear . - Which potentially makes her very dangerous . - Indeed . You know her fascination with my radio wave reflector ... makes me think that maybe her so-called powers ... were also Electro magnetically transmitted . Her fascination with your equipment ... was just an obvious ploy to get close to you , my dear friend . Oh , Marguerite , your concern for my welfare is appreciated . But I 'm just sorry we didn 't have more time to speak to the woman ... just to find out more about her powers . Well , it 's not too late ! I was on my way back to the castle , when I realized what wonderful company you are . You never heard of knocking ? How did you get up here ? I told you , the way I travel everywhere . I flew . - And I can speak in tongues . - Marguerite . Well , we 're not looking for any trouble , are we ? I 'll only stay a little while . There , There can 't be any harm in that . I 'm afraid the lady of the house has a few reservations . Uninvited guests and such ! Between magic and science , we have a lot of ground to cover . We do indeed . Don 't say I didn 't warn you . Whoa ! At ease , Ned ! How long have you been waiting ? Only about an hour and a half , two hours . - What took you so long ? - Now that is a very good question . I got side tracked by a bizarre woman who ... I 'm embarrassed to say stole my rifle . I have a sneaking suspicion she 's still following me . - You met a woman . - Yeah . You know was the strangest thing . When I caught up to her and got my rifle back , she ... invited me to a festival at a castle . What did she look like ? Blonde . Attractive . - What is it ? - I met a woman too . She was a redhead . We walked here together and then she headed off in that direction for her castle . The two of them are working together for some reason , it would seem . The one I met was very attractive also . Yeah , trouble often is . Come on , it 's getting late . We should find a place to camp . What are we going to do ? We 'll think of something . If we don 't get them back to the castle , Dame Alice is going to be furious . We 'll never pass the initiation . The one I was with said he was looking for a woman in a balloon . That 's what the one I met said too . Well ! Maybe we should find her ! Or ... at least , tell them that we have . Why didn 't I think of that ? When it works ... that apparatus you saw down by the windmill ... that transmits and receives ... electromagnetic waves . Those instruments calculate the speed and distance of a flying object . Electromagnetic waves . I 'll have to remember that phrase next time I call down the powers . This powers , as you call them , I 'm sure they can be explained by science . What is science , if it isn 't magic ? Magic is the apparent use of natural or spiritual forces to ... produce a result that is logically impossible . Science is exactly the opposite . Can science explain the powers of the supernatural ? Not as yet . But the more we learn , about the nature and behaviour of the universe , the less mysterious it becomes . Understanding the world around us doesn 't make it any less mysterious . Magic is a celebration of the unexplainable . As a scientist I can accept not that there is much we have to learn , not that there is anything that is unexplainable . Tell me more about your incredible invention . Like putty in her hands . Who 's there ? What do you want ? We come to give you great news of your companion . - The one in the balloon . - You know what happened to Veronica ? Yes , yes , we 've heard she 's back in our castle . Come , Come with us , we 'll take you to her . I have to wake my friend . Stay there ! Roxton ! Wake up ! Go ! go . - What do you want , Malone ? - These wom .. - Where 'd they go ? - Where 'd who go ? Well , that girl I ran into today . And a blonde . They were just here . They said Veronica is back at their castle ! Interesting ... I told the blonde I was looking for Veronica . I told the other one the same thing ! Dammit ! They sure want us back at that castle of theirs . By hook or by crook it would seem , and it 's probably the last place we want to visit . Well , we 'll deal with it first thing in the morning . Good night . Almost ready for a practical demonstration , - Shall I turn the power on ? - I can hardly wait . Challenger ! NO ! The power is more than you can handle . Challenger ! No . - Challenger , where are you ? - Marguerite ! - Whatever is the matter ? - Oh ! I just had a dream that that witch rewired your lab and electrocuted you ! I can assure you she hasn 't . As you can see , I 'm still here . And where is she ? I don 't know . I was talking to her and I turned around and she was gone . I 've looked everywhere ... where are you going ? To your lab to analyse my dream ! Don 't touch anything . Just tell me how it works ... On second thought , just answer my question , yes or no . Marguerite , what exactly are you looking for ? Good heavens ! These wires appear to be crossed . However did I manage that ? I 'd say you had some help . - Oh , Marguerite . - You didn 't do this , George . That woman is trying to kill you . I saw it in my dream ! What if we 're wrong and they were telling the truth about Veronica ? Do you really believe that ? Somebody at the castle might have seen something . Aren 't you a little bit curious to get to the bottom of this ? The bottom of the trap you mean . how do you know they want to hurt us ? What make you think they won 't ? Okay , how about this . You continue on south , I 'll head over to the next valley and check it out . - We can meet again at sunset ? - Are you serious ? What 's the point of searching for Veronica ... if we 're not going to investigate all the possibilities ? We 're heading into trouble , Malone . I don 't like it . Fair enough . I 'll lead . Who would do a thing like this ? Dame Alice ! Good day , Challenger ! Oh ! What happened ? You owe me some sort of explanation . Surely you don 't think that I did it ! It was probably a dinosaur . I think you were tinkering around in my laboratory last night . Oh . Who told you that ? That woman you keep around for amusement ? Marguerite looks after me ! Oh ! She distracts you from your purpose . She confuses you . She fills you with unwarranted suspicion . She 's much more treacherous than you realise ... But an amateur compared to me ! Good bye , wizard ! She , she was going to murder me without a moment 's hesitation . I tried to tell you that last night ! Lucky for you I decided not to sleep in this morning ! - You did that for me ? - Aren 't you glad ? What are we going to do with her now ? If she really is a witch , then ... I 've heard burning at the stake is the best solution . Indeed ! But now I have to start at the very beginning with all this equipment . How can you be so sure that they 'll come ? I believe their desire to find their friend will be enough to convince them . If they don 't get here soon , we 're going to have to go ... find them again ourselves . What kind of story are we going to make up this time ? Stories we don 't need . As long as we have this ! Not enough to kill them ... just enough to make them sleep ! You stay here . I 'll go take a look around . You 're a fool , Malone . Then what does that make me ? Big dogs I take as an early warning sign . Big friendly dogs . Anybody home ? People who don 't respond is also worrisome . What 's this ? Numbers , symbols ... An altar . - It can only mean one thing . - Sorcery . Or hocus-pocus . - Witchcraft . - Please , you have to help us ! Do you really know where our friend is ? Well , uh , I 'm sure she can 't be that far away . - That 's our cue to leave . - No ! No . We were desperate . We didn 't know what else we could do ? Where is your accomplice ? Right here . If you do not help us , we will be punished . Please ... Let us explain . Oh , what is that dreadful sound ? Well , I suggested the water wheel or the rack , but our dear friend the scientist ... had a hunch that electromagnetic waves might be your downfall . - Please turn that thing off . - Is he right ? Let 's see you fly away , then . What is it you want from me ? I want to know who you are , why you 're here , and what it will take to make you go away forever . I will never go away forever . Did I mention that the frequency can be enhanced on that . Easy , Marguerite . The windmill only generates a certain amount of electricity . Enough to do the job I 'm sure . Yes , but we don 't want to blow the circuitry . Your lives may have been saved . But I will soon take two in your place . The two men that live here ? They will not return . Roxton and Malone . - What have you done to them ? - A night of celebration and dance ? Well , how does that work ? I mean there 's no one here except you two and those dogs . And you . We 're wasting our time here . Sorry , ladies . Too many things don 't add up . - What is it ? - Our final invitation . Roxton , are you okay ? Yeah . I think so . God dammit ! I was hoping it was just a bad dream ! More like a nightmare . Yeah , thanks to you ! Or should I say thanks to me for listening to you ! - You didn 't have to follow me . - What ? And miss all the excitement ? All right . What is it that you want from us ? The full moon is on the rise , and soon it will be time for our initiation ceremony . Is that before or after the sacrifice , It 's all right , ladies , you can tell us . We 're all chained up now . When do you cut our hearts out ? W ... we don 't know what you 're talking about . Human sacrifice is not something we believe in or practice . We celebrate the cycles of life ... the union of male and female . Then why are we chained up ? Why the big charade to get us here . Oh , keeping you here is the last test of our initiation . If we failed , there would not be another chance . We promise no harm is going to come to you in any way ! Oh , that 's comforting . What have you done with Roxton and Malone ? There 's nothing you can do to save them now . - Where are they ? - Turn it off ! Not until you tell us where they are . - In the castle . - Where 's that ? Fine ! Fifty miles south of here . There 's nothing you can do to save them ! At the witching hour , - my dogs will slaughter them . - What ? Marguerite , no ! not too much . Upps ! Where is she ? Well , she can 't have gone very far ! - Oh yeah ? - What do we do now ? There 's only one thing we can do hurry ! Upstairs , quickly ! I call upon the powers of the supernatural , Enter my body . Fill me with your magic and vision ! I am the southern witch of darkness . All is well tonight . We will not be interrupted . It 's just began . Finally ! Well done , girls . I wonder who this might be ? You have completed your task . Oh , we had to chain them . Of course you did , darlings . No one likes to go to their deaths . Wait a minute , ladies ! You said no one had to get hurt . Tonight we celebrate Narina and Brywik 's initiation . We have no use for you ... alive . Surely there must be some way we can barter ... our way out of this , uh ? Not unless you have something else to offer ... two other bodies ... in your place ? - Well , ah ... - Why does anyone have to die at all ? You have nothing I want . No more clever questions , okay , Malone ? Time to go , girls , This is your night . The moment you have been waiting for . This step-up transformer will significantly boost the power , and with the transtenna facing due north , we should be able to send ... a significant blast of electromagnetic waves ... at least for a minute or so . A minute ? Unfortunately , Marguerite , time is not on our side , and ... the heat generated by this process ... will certainly burn out the hastily assembled equipment . For one whole minute , you may be able to limit this woman 's power ? This is the only help we can offer to Roxton and Malone ? We 're not going to be able to make it to her castle . This is our best shot . What minute do we pick ? Dame Alice said the witching hour . So midnight it is . Is it necessary to kill the wizard 's guards ? Yes it is ! And I advise you not to protest if you wish to pass your initiation , Send down your power ! Arise my lovers ! Your fast is over ! The wizard 's guards await you in the tower . And now , my faithful daughters ... It is time for your transcendence . Three ... two ... one ! Is it working ? Oh yes ! It 's sending out a signal ! It 's working ! It 's working ! I bestow upon you the powers of the supernatural . Damn you ! What happened ? What 's going on ? We can discuss that later . We 're running out of time , That is , we 've done all we can . Is it going to be enough ? Malone , duck ! - Thanks for the warning . - The pleasure is all mine . Same thing that the dogs are wearing . Come on . Time to move . Your fearsome magic cannot be tamed by science . What can we do ? It 's too late to save the guards , but ... we 've got to try and stop her if we can ... Look ! They 're still alive ! Run ! You 've escaped my dogs , have you ? Your dogs are free of you at last . You killed them ! Better off dead than cowering at your feet . No ! How dare you ? What are you doing ? Malone Careful , Ned ! Oh my God . Congratulations on quick thinking , Neddy boy ! Action and reaction . No thinking involved . You risked your life to save us ! - Well , I guess that makes are even . - We will not forget you . Your missing friend ? She is very lucky to have someone as loyal and strong ... as you are . And I do hope you find her . So much for a night of wild celebration . You found something absorbing , Marguerite ? In fifteenth century Ireland , Dame Alice Kyteler was accused of witchcraft , after the mysterious death of her third husband . From each of her marriages she inherited a fortune , and fled the country , never to be heard from again . Oh , that 's who she was . Fortunately for you . She underestimated our man of science here . Why would George take any of the credit ! He wasn 't even there ! Then you tell me ... how to you explain the disappearing manacles , and Dame Alice 's sudden loss of powers . - Are you saying you did that ? - We gave you our best shot , at the stroke of midnight , we bombarded her castle with ... all the electromagnetic waves we could muster . I see . Wasn 't it your machine that got us into trouble in the first place ? Oh , I understood you went to the castle quite voluntarily . - We were looking for Veronica . - So you say . As we 'll continue to do until we find her . It 's a pity those young witches didn 't stick around to help us , we could use someone who could fly . If that 's the case , Perhaps we can get them back . What on earth is that ? That ... is a magic wand , Challenger . More powerful than science I understand . Humbug ! *
