 EOS 4 to Orion 7 . Orion 7 , do you copy ? Report your position ! Hasso ? Jupiter Base calling Fast Space Cruiser Orion 7 . Return to Earth immediately ! this is an alpha Order from Space Command . Special order for Orion 7 . Return to space station 13 . Orion 7 , do you copy ? alpha Order from Space Command . Return immediately ! mars Station to EOS 3 . Orion 7 is flying with hyperspace velocity towards sector 71-k12 . Commander , we have contact . this is orion 7 , Commander Cliff Mcallister calling supreme space Command , section 12 , department astrotechnology via jupiter base and EOS 3 . to confirm my theory that it is possible , we will shortly land on rhea . try again , we have to contact the orion . I 'm doing all I can.l 'll try Hyperion 29 . mars relay 1 is constantly lightcasting to training fleet 18 . I don 't know whether I can establish a connection with Hyperion 29 . don 't argue. we have an alpha order for Commander McLane : stop landing attempt and return to earth immediately . this is Hyperion 29. satellite 116 , via Mars relay 1 and jupiter base , has ordered orion to report . she isn 't responding . McLane is nothing but trouble . He has to return immediately . If he has left his sector , I 'll see that he is charged with insubordination . enough is enough ! ready for landing . What sounds like a fairy tale today , can be tomorrow 's reality . Here is a fairy tale from a distant future . Nation states have ceased to exist . there is only humanity and its colonies in outer space . Distant stars are settled . the bottom of the ocean is inhabited . Space ships cross the Milky Way at unimaginable speeds . One of these space ships is called Orion . She is part of a gigantic security force to protect Earth from threats from outer space . Let 's join the Orion and her crew on her patrols at the edge of infinity . this is Galactic television with Star News . my name is helma krap , your information Officer . technological triump ! alpha CO , a new work and battle robot , is ready for mass production . Commissioned by the Galactic Security Service , the " human-simulator " was introduced to leaders of the Space Fleet . according to the World Government , there is no immediate danger from extraterrestrials . In the unlikely event of extraterrestrial aggression , alpa-CO robots are programmed to search and destroy the enemy at the flick of a button . New weapon of mass destruction successfully tested ! actung Overkill ! Cliff Allister MacLane , Commander of the Fast Cruiser Orion 7 , detonated a protoype of the new Overkill-bomb . Overkill technology will replace the Star Fleet 's laser weapons as soon as possible . Overkill enables us to destroy an enemy fleet as soon as it is detected . terra 's Galyxo craze ! a new dance sweeps the fleet . It 's the Galyxo from Croma , the amazon planet . this exotic dance sweeps the Starlight casinos and makes our astronauts forget gravity . more news from the Fast Combat Units right after this commercial break . Galactic greetings ! So you surfed 4000 visio channels and ended up watcing the fish again ? Order the new Prolo tvs 3000 ! the program localizer with the galactic interface . Put it on and coose your films telepatically . terra channel 5 ! You love black and white movies ? So do we ! General van dyke , I assume you know why I called you ? I think so . McLane , I suppose ? Yes , General. landing on rhea against his orders was the last straw . landing was against his orders , but it was an astronautical masterpiece . It was in violation of an explicit alpha order from space Command . I know you 'd love to see Commander McLane deported to the phosphorus swamps . let 's stick to the point , General . Personal like or dislike isn 't relevant . the fact is that McLane will be immediately demoted to patrol duty . why wasn 't I informed , as McLane 's superior ? that 's why I called for you . McLane and his crew will report here in a few minutes . I 'm supposed to witness the execution ? I wish I could have spared you this . this demotion is the biggest scandal in the entire fleet . really ? and McLane 's escapades ? weren 't they scandalous ? His crazy flight to the 2nd moon of jupiter ? His escape to the saturn base in the second stellar war , his unauthorized actions on alpha Centauri , and so forth . No scandals ? without men like McLane , we would have lost the two stellar wars . Possibly , but dammit , we 're not here to ... McLane and patrol duty ? General ! It would be better to discharge him ! let 's not exaggerate , General . No one is irreplacable . Pretty soon our space ships will be manned with robots . Hopefully also the headquarters . General ? the Orion crew as arrived . send them in . General , what about the security officer ? Yes. this lady first . Yes , General . Lieutenant ! are you saying McLane has to take a snooper on board ? y the order of space Command . there 's nothing I can do about it . lieutenant tamara jagellovsk , Galactic security service . this is General van dyke , Commander of the fast Combat Units , of which the orion 7 was part until now . You know the disciplinary proceedings concerning the orion , lieutenant ? Yes , General . You know your mission aboard the orion ? I was briefed in the security agency 's headquarters . as security officer aboard the orion 7 , you will prevent and report any breaches of duty , violations of service regulations and military misconduct . these are my orders . It won 't be easy with McLane and his people . I know . You 're pretty young for such a task . You 're not very experienced in the Galactic service . I was recommended , General . all right. ring in McLane and his gang . Yes , General . Commander . Commander McLane and the orion crew ! major , the investigation commission has ordered that you no longer serve with the fast Combat Unit . for disciplinary reasons you are transferred to space Patrol . - for how long ? - 3 years . and why ? major McLane , spare me the effort of listing all your escapades . In the future , major , the slightest irregularity will lead to your discharge . do you understand ? General , if it is the defence ministry 's wish , I 'll resign today . shut up , McLane. don 't cop out like an offended space cadet . In 3 years you will report back to me ! is that clear ? Yes , General . General . one more thing : you will also have to take a security officer aboard . General , you can 't ... don 't argue with me ! this is your new security officer , major . lieutenant tamara jagellovsk . I 'm sure you know that Gss officers can issue alpha orders . I hope there won 't be any trouble . I hope so , too . I thought you wanted to leave ? another Cognac ? No , not for me. I have to go . really , Cliff , I should have been home two hours ago . Go then . Yeah , I should be on my way . didn 't you ask me something ? ask you ? Yeah , you asked me something . right , I asked you whether you wanted another Cognac ? Yeah , but then I have to go or else Ingrid will be mad . she has every reason . would you want to come with me ? oh , please . You did it again ? Yeah , I promised her . How many times have you promised her ? I 'm serious , Cliff. I quit . are you serious or were you serious ? - You have to talk to her . - sure . Base 104 to Xerxes 9 . Remain in waiting position until further notice . Roger . Ground Control to Base . Orion 7 ready and cleared . tank you , Ground Control . Launcing in a few minutes . Xerxes 9 to base . Can we submerge now ? the base will be clear in a few minutes . Remain in waiting position . We 're coming all the way from andromeda 17 Beta 12 . 18 weeks in space . We 've had enough . Computer checked ? Course programmed ? Yeah , the egghead is all right . don 't ask about the charming bird I had to stand up for this . - Nobody 's asking ! - she was so ... - Check the controls , lieutenant de monti ! - the controls ! . lieutenant tamara jagellovsk , Galactic security service , on board ! all " controls " functioning , Commander . Commander to astrogator : automatic pilot ! automatic pilot Cd-10 . radar on , guide beam on . orion ground control in contact with earth orbit station4 . Base 104 launc control calling Fast Space Cruiser Orion 7 . You are clear . thanks , Base . Base 104 anding over to Eart Orbit Station 4 . ready for take-off . acceleration . Commander McLane , may I bring it to your attention ... lieutenant jagellovsk , take-off requires neither help nor supervision . so please go to your cabin and activate the lntercom. that 's a little button that says " lntercom " . If you wish to see me , use the Visiophone . In your locker , you 'll find your equipment , provisions for 12 months and a paralyser gun , if you 'd like to paralyse yourself . for extremely bad conditions , we have deep-freeze sleeping chambers . You 'd really love to freeze me , wouldn 't you , Commander ? what I 'd love to do is beside the point . Please go to your cabin . If something happened to you , people might say I wanted to murder you . lg 's on. acceleration 05. let 's go . You stay up here , Hasso ? I 'm on automatic , ground control . Here we go again. launch .. 20 , 19 , 18 , 17 16 , 15 , 14 , 13 , 12 , 1 1 , 10 , 9 , 8,7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 0 . Eart Orbit Station 4 calling Satellite 1 16 . Lightcast ! fast space Cruiser orion is crossing ss 47232 . jupiter base 1 calling mars relay a1 . orion 7 is leaving controlled area . No deviation from course . In case you 're interested , we 're passing luna 1 . are the hydroponic tanks full ? our babysitter won 't be suffocating in her cabin . do you want to keep her locked up all the time ? that won 't work . we 'll take care of this snooper . I don 't think it 's a good idea to tangle with her . too bad , " tangling " with her was exactly what I had in mind . You show-off . You don 't have a chance with her . - Helga , baby , are you jealous ? - me ? Ha , ha . You 've got a snowball 's chance in hell ! she 's a robot in a girl 's dress . just wait. should we see what she 's up to ? I think she 's changed . she 's very orderly . do you think I could ask her to tidy up my cabin ? what are you doing ? I 'll have none of this on my ship . If you want to see her or talk to her , then call properly . - Come on , Cliff. she was fully dressed . - Here you go . lieutenant de monti calling security officer jagellovsk . Can you talk ? switch on your Visiophone , please . - Yes ? - a private question , if you don 't mind . How about a sip of whisky in my cabin ? Do you have whiskey ? But of course , madam. a whole box ! Very interesting. tank you for the information. I will report this . at least she 's pretty . even a cobra is pretty . one thing is certain : she won 't serve 3 years here . either she 'll go crazy after the first 3 missions , or ... - or what ? - or she 'll be Commander ! and then , when I was swimming with Cliff in the euphra lakes , we ... You seem to spend quite a bit of time together . Privately , I mean . we have so much in common . Hobbies , I mean . music , films , all sorts of sports . the major is a man of many interests . I wish he was a better dancer . Have you ever danced with him ? No . But from what I hear , I haven 't missed anything . You know - it 's like he can 't let himself go , when he 's dancing . do you know what I mean ? No . But I 'm sure you 'll explain it to me . You see , Cliff is a man who ... Cliff is a man who is trying to get some sleep. turn off the intercom . Your chatter is being broadcast troug the entire sip . He always hears what he isn 't supposed to hear . distance 33 / 5 , 30 , 29 , passing 26 . - Can you establish radio contact , atan ? - Nothing . as dead as a stone . a disrupted radio satellite , model sky 77 , probably terra-Cosmos Control . I guess the solar storm blew it here . It 's dead. mario , blow it up . all right , Cliff . are you authorized to eliminate a radio satellite , Commander ? - darling ... - l 'm not your darling . I 'm your security officer and I will not allow this satellite to be " blown up " . this unit is worth 12 000 credits . this " unit " isn 't worth anything. lt 's a danger for space ships in 3 sectors . don 't you think the next space station or e-base already knows that the satellite is non-functional ? Not even I know how many satellites , probes or radar units are out here . Probably 25 000. and in addition , we had a solar storm . I 'm warning you , Commander . I bet there 's already a tech assistance Cruiser headed out here to investigate . do not eliminate the satellite ! lieutenant de monti ! log recording . Gss officer jagellovsk prohibits the destruction of the radio satellite , coordinates xyz and so forth . the Commander is going to bed . I 'm afraid the Commander won 't go to bed . we 're passing mZ4 - so what ? - Clarence isn 't answering ! what ? mZ-4 isn 't answering ? Never heard of that . try again . what 's mZ-4 ? a relay and radio station , set up a couple of years ago . and who 's Clarence ? the station Commander and a friend of ours . If he doesn 't respond he 's either dead or drunk . - and ? - Nothing . that can 't be . Orion 7 to mZ-4 . Clarence , do you copy ? We just wanted to say ello . Orion 7 to mZ 4 . Cliff , unidentified flying objects ! . what ? - 4 , 5 , 7 of them ! - on my screen . extraterrestrials in our galaxy ? mZ-4 is one of the remotest outposts in no man 's space . are there any signs of ... You have quite an anthropocentric world view for this century . In our galaxy , there are 4 to 10 billion planets that could host intelligent life . are you so arrogant to think that we are the only ones capable of arithmetic ? I 'm not that stupid , but theoretically ... my god , Cliff , they 're flying with incredible speed ! we have to get away . we 're sitting ducks here . emergency launch ! Programming destination Eart . mario , we need to abruptly switch from hyperspace to energy reserve . what does the electronic brain say ? the transformators would melt down . don 't you worry about my machines . I know , Hasso , they ' re yours . oK , we 'll quickly switch to reserve then . - what does the computer say ? - that would be a massive amount of energy . - what 'll happen to the computer ? - lt will melt down and burn out . then we 'd be without navigation . I 'm afraid you have to come up with something . Charge the transformators . Carged , Commander . mario , wat 's taking so long ? 5 ... 3 ... 1 ... 0 . Cliff ! the computer 's malfunctioning . what 's happening ? what 's happening to us , McLane ? artificial gravity ! they 're manipulating the gravity field . Cliff ! all controls are dead . they 're jamming our frequencies . the laser guns , mario ! the guns ! Let 's get out of here , Cliff ! Fast ! We 're in their gravitational field . there 's noting we can do . switch to lightcast communication . Get out , major , there 's nothing you can do. return to earth ! Gentlemen , this is not the time for long discussions . one of our outposts has been occupied by extraterrestrials . an extraterrestrial , space travelling species has entered our territory ! wasn 't that to be expected , sooner or later ? I really admire your calmness . the 1st and 2nd strategic fleets are in state of alert. I request a mission order . I don 't know whether this is the right response . oh really ? and what are we supposed to do then ? wait until they occupy the other bases ? It is too early to use force against someone who might not be an enemy . But they came in from nowhere and eliminated the crew of mZ-4 . do you call this good manners ? our cosmos has more galaxies than we can estimate . You surely don 't expect our conception of manners to be a universal standard ? we hadn 't even had the slightest clue about their existence . But we have picked up extraterrestrial signals for centuries ! I don 't care for these aliens , as long as they leave us alone ! with all due respect , but that is a highly antiquated attitude . I beg your pardon ! Peculiar , isn 't it ? Progress has enabled us to colonize mars and other planets , but our generals ' attitudes haven 't changed a bit in the last millenium . we are here , and if somebody else shows up , we 'll bring out the guns . is there an alternative ? what do you suggest , Villa ? I strongly warn against large scale military confrontation before we know , firstly , who they are , secondly , what they want , and thirdly , what they are capable of . Commander McLane , sector 15a 78 18 . We are returning to Eart . Outpost mZ-4 conquered and destroyed by extraterrestrials . Orion 7 managed to escape at the last minute . here are the last Visiopone recordings from mZ-4 , before lightcast signals faded . this is wat the enemy looks like a Foreign Race Of Galactic Scoundrels , FROGS for sort . General van Dyke , Commander of the Fast Combat Units , as departed for a reconnaissance mission . By order of the World Government the Cruiser hydra will locate and destroy the FROGS 'energy base . and here is another alpa weather forecast . Expect eavy magnetic storms in sectors 417 to 419 . Lightcast communication may be affected . all sips are asked to avoid these sectors . Galactic greetings ! Uncle Cliff , can I get our space ship ? what 's her name ? orion 7 . well , I hope your ship hasn 't dented its hull . - Nonsense . - she 's seen worse ! thanks . astrogator , anything you can do ? Nothing , General. the magnetic storm has blocked our controls . luckily , we 're not in the center of the storm . But that could still happen . lightcast to earth . ready General , transmitters charged . Please speak . General lydia van dyke speaking . Commander of the fast Combat Units . spaceship Hydra to all . achtung ! a planet in the sirius system has been catapulted from its orbit . It clearly is a supernova . Collision course earth . Velocity 146000 km per second . Its radius is that of a giant star . Physical properties of the sun . It will reach earth shortly . General van dyke calling all stations . mayday , mayday . Can you tell us what happened ? well yes , I 'll let you know , then . according to our intelligence , we are dealing with a guided supernova . a guided nova ? But that 's not possible . Nobody thinks it 's possible . But that 's exactly what it is . the supreme Council is in permanent session . a nova is conceivable , but guided ? Guided by whom ? Here is General van dyke 's report . Please , take a look at the recording . hydra calling all stations . We are dealing with a guided supernova . a planet as been catapulted from its orbit by interstellar lifeforms , probably the so called FROGS , to destroy Eart . We are in the middle of a magnetic storm . We 're unable to manoeuvre . General van Dyke calling all stations . ' mayday ! the FROGS are guiding a supernova towards Eart . Calling all stations . Supernova on collision course. lt as the pysical properties of a sun . It will impact the Eart in a few days . mayday , mayday from hydra . I served with General lydia van dyke for 6 years . is there any hope she can be saved ? this is not about the General . It 's about the entire human race . Colonel ? Plan dX-17. save the earth ! 20 , 19 , 18 , 17 16 , 15 , 14 , 13 , 12 , 1 1 , 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 0 . strange signals , Commander . scrambled distress signals from the Hydra ? No , these aren 't terrestrial signals . atan is feeding them into the computer . maybe we can crack the code . - frogs ? - Could be . they must have incredible transmitters . why not if they can catapult a planet from its orbit ! then we 're in for a ride . General , four a-tanks have been destroyed . our oxygen supply won 't last longer than 72 hours . we 'll take the oxygen from the space suits then . General ! earth orbit station ? No . Very strange signals . Please listen . No , these aren 't terrestrial signals . the Hydra ! we have contact with the Hydra . the General ! - atan , activate sub-space radio . - activated , Commander . orion to Hydra . General , I 'll save you . No ! of course , I 'll save you ! I forbid you to save the hydra . You know wat 's at stake . McLane ! Do you copy ? hello , Orion ? Do you copy ? what 's wrong ? Hello ? we can 't hear you ? I command you to immediately ... I 'll save you . set course for the Hydra - full speed ! If you set course for the Hydra , I will melt down the control center ! do you want to prevent me from saving the Hydra ? Commander , I 'm warning you . I will do what I said . - are you out of your mind ? - No , not me . You know what will happen if you melt down the control center ! - lt 's suicide. I know . - don 't go too far ! It doesn 't matter to me if I die because the control center is dead or because the supernova destroys earth and we have to cruise around the galaxy until we run out of oxygen . the result is always the same . I don 't care . I 'm warning you , lieutenant . I 'm just as determined as you are . Commander , everybody knows you 're a rebel . But I didn 't know you were stupid and completely irresponsible . You 're telling me this with a gun in your hands ? Your mission is to save earth . as long as you stick to your orders , do what you want . But complete your mission . General van dyke is ... General van dyke , General van dyke ! don 't complicate the problem . we have discovered the frogs ' control center . we have to destroy it . whatever happens to the Hydra 's crew is completely irrelevant . earth is in danger and you don 't have much time . esides , if you hang around much longer just to argue with me , you risk being shot down by the frogs before you can give a single order . Put the gun away . Yes , Commander . listen ! Here is the nova on its trajectory towards earth . we are here , approximately . let 's call this line ' a ' , the middle line " and the one closest to the planet ' C ' . when we reach line a , Hasso , you go hyperspace . line : energy reserve . line C : energy reserve plus montor . at the precise moment when we go through line C we drop 15 anti-matter bombs into the trajectory . then we leave the danger zone . 10 seconds before the nova hits our bombs we detonate them . If this explosion doesn 't blow the thing to bits , I 'm fresh out of ideas . what 's our course after line C ? we swing into the trajectory and try to get out of range with the remaining energy reserve . aren 't you afraid we will get into a critical situation ? of course , but what can I do ? achtung propulsion deck ! line - 81 . target-Visio on supernova ! target-Visio synchronized ! weapons computer standby . Weapons computer standby ! distance plus minus 0 . Hasso , energy reserve ! ship on energy reserve . achtung propulsion deck and battle station ! montor and bombs ready. reaching line C. C - 30 . weapons computer standby . Standby ! 7 , 6 , 5 achtung , Hasso ! 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 0 ! Bombs on trajectory ! Detonate them , mario , detonate ! Dammit ! montor off , reserve off . Quick , Hasso , or the ship will explode ! Commander , why didn 't it work ? our antimatter had already passed the nova 's trajectory when it detonated . damn ! was it my fault , Cliff ? No , mario . Help him ! - what 's going to happen to earth now ? - l don 't know I shouldn 't have listened to you , General. this is futile . and which mission would have been more promising ? we should have reached a decision long ago. the disaster can 't be prevented . we should have used all ships for evacuation . the 200 cruisers hunting the nova are useless up there . the government has to carefully weigh the pros and cons of an evacuation . I thought the government had decided against an evacuation ? Not completely. the pros and cons have to be considered very carefully . that takes time. we don 't have time . News , marshall ? Nothing . Not even the orion 's position is known . does that mean McLane ... McLane has other problems than entertaining us with reports . and with the chaos out there , lightcast transmissions are probably dead . where is the nova now ? Here . How much time do we have ? 6 days until impact . approximately 4 until armageddon . wennerstein. I implore you ! the government has to decide before it 's too late . all cruisers are returning to earth . None of them can reach the nova . and the frogs ' control center ? McLane will do it ! General , considering the situation , your trust in McLane is almost childish . well , than let me say something less childish for a change . one question has been bothering me for quite a while now . How can it be that the frogs established a control center to guide a supernova ? all of this happened on our doorstep ! ? ! It certainly had to be planned long in advance ! I assume this question is for me ? It 's for us all ! the mZ-4 disaster taught us that the frogs are trying to destroy us . But that 's all we know . we don 't know who they are , we don 't know where they are . they appear and disappear at will . and we 're just sitting here waiting for their surprises . If there is a miracle , it 's McLane ! there 's only one solution left . we charge the orion with negative energy , intercept the planet , steer the ship into the center and blow it up . It 's our last chance . Yes , for earth ! But I don 't want to die. do you ? Commander ? If I understand correctly , your plan implies we won 't come back ? I don 't know. we 'll charge the orion and steer her into the nova 's center . efore that , we 'll man the lancets and try to reach the Hydra . what do you want with the Hydra ? she 's a wreck. that 's a waste of time . we 're finished , no matter what . there is no other way . let 's try it . I 'd rather drift through the galaxy on the Hydra than commit suicide with the orion . she 's not that dear to me . at least we have the chance to repair the Hydra . do you think the crew is alive ? we 'll see. let 's take all expendable oxygen with us . atan , the computer ! we need the exact data about when to leave the ship . mario , lancets ready ! Coordinates for the Hydra. flood a and C decks ! and hurry up. we have to catch up with the nova . Cabin 11 , 12 , 13 . Hydroponic systems flooded ! energize - deck and air locks . energized ! Commander , 3 minutes . Commander to lancet 1 . Bay 1. man Lancet ! X - 170. autopilot for take-off . Confirm . do you think it 'll work ? Status report . Evacuate main deck . Enter bay 2 . X - 120 . roger , Commander . Go ! Ignition . Supernova destroyed . Eart saved ! In a dramatic rescue operation , the Orion crew repaired the hydra . Bot crews returned safely . that was the 7t Orion you wrecked . You 'll need number 8 now . FROGS defeated , says Colonel Villa of the Galactic Security Service ! the FROGS , says Villa , have witdrawn beyond the interstellar buffer zone . " they won 't attack again " , Villa told Space News . Orion 8 completes its first mission . Commander McLane frees Pieter Paul Ibsen , Sci-fi writer and son-in-law of the minister for Extraplanetary affairs , from the ands of criminals . From now on I will only write about you . You 're more exciting tan the future . Ceers . We will talk about is plans for the new trilogy " Space Sip Orion - Prelude to the last Period " at a later date . Galactic greetings ! simply write that it was destroyed by a magnetic storm . He got too close again . You have to submit a detailed report anyway . But for now your signature will suffice . is anybody ever going to do something about all this paperwork ? what do you think ? we have other worries . Compared to yours ours are only minor , of course . all we had to do was shoot down a supernova . a supernova ? what 's that ? You really drink like a fish . - Yup . - did McLane teach you ? talk of the devil ... why are you so nervous ? I 'm not nervous . Yeah , always when McLane is around McLane ! don 't you have a different subject ? You started it ! me ? let 's have some fun . I hear you 're quite a battle-axe . shhhh , quiet. don 't spread it any further . esides , only when I 'm on duty . I agree. for the moment . when you 're with the secret service , the bad reputation comes with it . You 're staring at each other as if your eyes were overkill weapons . or are you jealous - both of you ? General van Dyke , General van Dyke ! I have to go , Cliff . don 't smile , Cliff . Your security officer might think we 're dating . Can I get another drink ? Commander McLane ? an urgent order from the General . do I get my orders from secretaries now ? If you would prefer to talk to Lieutenant Spring-Brauner ... Good heavens ! keep that fop away ! You 're pretty , at least . - the Orion crew . - send them in . this is Gss cruiser tau , Commander lindley speaking . Please confirm my distress signal . transpluto to tau . We read you . Calm down , McLane. another 6 months and your suspension is over . once you 're back with the Combat Units , you can do what you want . But pull yourself together as long as you 're here . General , distress signals from the tau. they are in trouble . switch to eos 1 . transmission via transpluto 0 / 3 ! We 're calling transpluto 0 / 3 . Our situation is opeless . We are without controls and energy . We 're caugt in a solar storm . You know who 's aboard the tau ? Colonel Villa and 8 of his staff . - Villa ? - How horrible , if they ... Launc 492 for space station Gordon . Situation is opeless . I 've never seen such a powerful solar storm . entire energy supply blocked . we can 't get out . this isn 't a solar storm , lindley . these are oscillating gravity waves ! there 's only one chance . man the lancets ! the lancets ? that would be our death ! death 's awaiting us here . and if we don 't man them quickly , the lancet launchers might fail , too . distance to Gordon ? still 492. we 're stuck like a ... Get lancets 1 to 4 ready . we 'll try to reach Gordon . I won 't leave before you report that we are trapped in oscillating gravity fields . this could be crucial information . Colonel , be reasonable . we have to get out ! earth has to know. this could be an extraterrestrial attack . Prepare lightcast to ssc and TRU . Your nerve . this is Colonel Villa aboard the tau . I tink the tau is trapped in antigravitational fields . Similar to McLane 's situation awile ago . Extraterrestrial activity possible . We will try to reac Gordon in the Lancets . Cances are minimal . try to contact Gordon. we have to know what 's going on up there . Gordon says they haven 't noticed anything . Nonsense. the tau is caught in a hurricane of oscillating gravity fields and Gordon doesn 't notice anything ? try again . and then get me space Command . I 'm calling for an emergency meeting and an investigation . Yes , General . what was Villa doing out there , General ? doesn 't the head of the secret service belong behind his desk ? Not always , if the circumstances call for it . and did they call for it ? I don 't know if we 'll ever know . Villa used to show his hand only if he was absolutely certain . - But you never liked the secret service ? - there were exceptions . Villa was a great man and a great boss . I still can 't believe it . Yes , he was smarter than most others . Naming no names . I 'll always be grateful that he gave me permission to fly to Chroma , when everybody else in the ssc called for war ! even if he seemed to be a cold intellectual , he nevertheless was an idealist , a pacifist of the universe . I hope his successor won 't be the opposite . If you want to sound me out , McLane , give it up . It 's so secret that nobody knows about it . major McLane , here is an order from TRU for you . thanks , honey , thanks . Villa 's alive ! what ? Yes . He and his staff reached Gordon in their lancets . only lindley and the crew seem to be lost . But how ? Villa is aboard the Zephir . He 'll be here in 3 days . I 've been summoned to a ssc meeting . I really can 't explain how we managed to reach Gordon in this solar storm . I can 't tell you , dear Villa , how glad we all are. we had given up hope . did you say solar storm ? Yes , solar storm . But in your last transmission from the tau you said something about ... what was that again ? oscillating gravity fields ! You said they could have been the result of extraterrestrial activities . Yes , I remember , I can 't deny that I had said something like that . But honestly , I had lost all control over what I said . locked propulsion ! that 's what I encountered , when the frogs chased us from mZ4 . and if I had been closer ... so what 's your question ? why are you so sure that it was only a solar storm ? You may be aware that Gordon has registered only a normal solar storm . this ' normal solar storm ' could be a result of artificial gravity fields . Commander lindley said it was only a solar storm . Commander lindley and his crew are missing . we have no possibility ... are you saying that I 'm quoting Commander lindley inaccurately ? I just want to ... McLane , that 's enough now . why am I in this meeting , when I can 't point out discrepancies ? these discrepancies are accounted for ! Gentlemen , whatever I said in the transmission , there certainly were no extraterrestrial activities . the catastrophe simply made me see ghosts. I apologize . may I ask what the purpose of your mission aboard the tau was ? I will inform the space authorities in a classified report in due time . too bad you 're so secretive . I have no obligation to reveal secret information to a cruiser captain . I have to ask you now not to bother Colonel Villa with any more questions . But something 's not right here . on the one hand ... McLane , no more discussions ! No need for further questions . I 'm talking to you , McLane . McLane , you surely don 't miss an opportunity to make enemies . I thought an investigating committee had to investigate. I learned my lesson . No you didn 't . Go back to your duty now . tomorrow , you 'll go on patrol , as instructed . would you mind if I flew to Gordon instead ? just to see what 's going on up there ? are you out of your mind ? do your job and forget this whole thing . rQ 15 2d hello ? is this you , tama ... lieutenant jagellovsk ? Yes , Commander McLane ? I have to talk to you , urgently . why don 't you turn on your Viewscreen ? take a guess . You 're not alone . No , no . But I don 't have any clothes on . I 'm about to take a bat . are you joking ? all I might see is your neck . Yes , but my neck looks so private without a uniform on . Just a minute . So , wat 's up ? No .. Nothing. ut that 'll change if you don 't get .. if you don 't get me an appointment with your boss . Colonel Villa , now ? Yes , right now . But he 's in a meeting . I know. and that 's why I need you . request a meeting by alpha order . that could get me in trouble . Come on . all right. I 'll try . By the way , nice gown . thanks . especially when you haven 't closed the front . I thought you wouldn 't show up . do you know what time it is ? what happened ? what happened ? the usual . It 's not my fault that I 'm a man in my prime . that 's not the impression I got . what does she mean ? did you hear that , Cliff ? we were invited. really nice people . our hero here persistently tried to hit on a nice young lady . - oh , and the young lady was you ? - oh no ! don 't be so mysterious. they might think there 's a punch-line to your story . I thought there was a punch-line . especially when the young lady said : " lieutenant , you 're old enough to be my father . " is this the right outfit for take-off ? is your flight uniform in the laundry , lieutenant ? No , but I won 't need it anyway . one minute , Please . what do you mean ? take-off is in 50 minutes . No , it isn 't. I 'm coming from Villa . mission cancelled . Gss order. take-off cancelled . mission performed by Gss ! - long live the Gss ! - does that mean we 're off duty ? obviously . that 's great , Cliff . Can we go ? Yes. I 'm sure mister Villa knows what he 's doing . I only hope he asked wamsler. lf not , there 's going to be trouble . Come on , guys , before they change their mind . mario ! don 't forget , you could be her father . what was that about ? oh , he just got turned down again . - what about you ? - me ? Never ! I meant : do you want to stay here ? tamara , since when does the Gss perform routine patrol flights ? don 't you find that strange ? I 'm sure Villa has his reasons . sure. I 'd just like to know what they are . we were supposed to check radar satellites in sector Vesta . that 's near Gordon. something happened there and Villa is keeping it secret . You 're too suspicious , Cliff . maybe . But something 's wrong with Villa since he returned from Gordon . Come on , no more horror stories . It 's not a horror story , it 's the facts . He plays down what happened on Gordon , he takes over space reconnaissance and controls the fleetbases now . I wonder what his next step is ? But that implies he 'd have a goal . what do you think that is ? If it wasn 't so absurd , I 'd suggest he 's preparing a coup . switch all radar sections to ' record only ' . I have to be certain that no information is passed on . Certainly . at Cosmos - 164 we will issue an alpha order for all units in space : return to bases immediately . at Cosmos - 164 all units in space return to bases immediately . Cosmos - 200 starts at 2300. mission completed at cosmos plus 200 . something must have happened on Gordon that turned him completely inside out . He takes over mulligan 's command of Ground Control , even though he had praised his work only 4 days before the tau accident . I had heard that myself , in wamsler 's office . is this all you can talk about tonight ? I 'm sorry. would you like a drink ? thanks , no . How long are we supposed to sit around ? do you know their plans ? No . and what are you up to ? a new job ? No. that means , yes . I had been transferred to the orion to prevent Commander McLane from breaches of duty , violations of service regulations and military misconduct . Babysitter ! But there are nice babysitters . am I too strict ? will you help me ? I have to speak with Villa , tomorrow . why do you have to speak with him ? I will simply ask him for special permission to fly to Gordon . If he grants it , I 'll know I was wrong . But if he doesn 't ... what would that prove ? tamara , I never claimed to be very intelligent , but I have an instinct . I can 't say more for now . all right , if it will help you sleep tonight : okay . I 'll talk to Villa and see whether he has time for you tomorrow . thanks. and while you 're at Gss headquarters , would you do me a favor ? what else ? look around. maybe you 'll find out why Villa went on this mission near Gordon . there must be documents . Cliff , are you crazy ? do you know what you 're asking for ? Interesting , Lieutenant , isn 't it ? Your friend McLane will be very pleased with you . Or rather . ' he would be . But you won 't have the opportunity to notify him of your discovery . It was only curiosity . - Yes , McLane 's curiosity . - McLane has nothing to do with it . Nonsense . McLane asked you to snoop about in here . and I let you , because I wanted to know wat e wants to know . Now I do. arrest er . we 're getting many lightcast requests from earth outposts . they 're asking about the unidentified objects and why TRU is down . tell them ssc and government know about it and countermeasures have been taken . we have to stall them for 2 more hours . why do you keep me here ? for a good reason . will you finally tell me what you are up to ? I suppose you already know . Your friend McLane certainly told you why he wanted you to spy in here . It is true then . You 're planning a coup ? a coup ? what an infantile term . Coup. that 's something for megalomaniac generals . I 'm not dealing in such trivial matters . Commander McLane ? Yes ? Galactic security service . we have to ask you to come with us . where to ? Gss headquarters . You know , McLane , I always supported your idealistic plans . But what in the world do you want to achieve on Gordon ? I just want to make sure that you and Commander lindley were correct in your analysis of the tau incident . Your defeat in the or meeting the other day is still bothering you ? Yes , something along these lines . the specialist 's hurt pride , I guess You still believe that this recent incident resulted from extraterrestrial activity ? I don 't believe anything. I 'd just like to exclude this possibility . why don 't you ask wamsler ? He would kick me out before I could say " Gordon " all right. fly there . I 'll arrange everything . thank you , Colonel . McLane ! what if there is indeed something strange going on out there ? what if you get into the same mess as the tau ? that 's my risk . No , I won 't take responsibility . to be safe , the orion will be outfitted with a gravitational field generator . Great . But that will take time . Not too much . we have a new system which is about to be introduced in the entire fleet . do you know Chief engineer Kranz ? only by name. supposedly an expert . the leading expert in artificial gravity . He will accompany you . thank you , Colonel . McLane , I almost forgot . Your charming security officer can 't come with you . what ? Yes , we sent her on a special training mission . How could I know that you would ask for this mission ? why didn 't she tell me ? - she didn 't ? - No . that 's not nice . or is she mad at you ? You can never tell with her . women ! base 104 launch control to fast space Cruiser orion 8 . - Cleared for take-off . - roger , base . Base 104 anding over to Eart Orbit Station 4 . I 'm so glad that Colonel Villa let me test my system aboard the orion 8 . all right , Kranz . You 've told me once every hour and we 've been out here for 18 hours now . something positive can 't be said too often . I hope it is positive. lf we get into the same mess as the tau , your system had better work or we 'll all be going to hell . Cliff , something 's up. I have radar contact with moving objects . awfully far away , but hey , something 's up out there . - alien objects ? - Can 't tell . should we set course there ? our mission says ... who asked you ? see if you can get a signal . I 've got a hell of a signal ! listen to this ! tri-Codes ! Cliff , something 's fishy . remember mZ-4 . If that 's the frogs , it means they passed two outer radar circles without warning . Control station 47 36 a5 . te invasion fleet 's vanguard as reaced the invasion route as planned . No obstruction by terrestrial bases or units . fabulous. at Cosmos - 164 the invasion forces will leave the assembly areas . Yes Sir ! Colonel , what does that mean ? Invasion forces ? You 're not saying ... But this is madness ! why is everything the average mind can 't grasp called madness ? But Please , think of ... we don 't have time for discussions . listen. I suppose McLane will call us sooner or later . He would call TRU . Possibly , but TRU won 't hear him . I took the liberty of manipulating their encoding converters . oh , you ... when McLane radios here , you will talk to him . and now I 'm going to tell you what to say . lightcast to TRU . orion 8 to TRU ! orion 8 to TRU ! I have an urgent message . Why can 't I get troug , dammit ? TRU , do you copy ? what 's up , Commander ? Who the hell are you ? You 're at the right place . I need a connection with TRU . who are you ? Lightcast to TRU is down at the moment . We 're redirecting . do you have a report ? You bet. we detected unidentified flying objects in 4 sectors : rs 118 Kl90 to rs 118 Kl94 . they have passed the outer radar circles . they 're taking a course towards earth . we know . Countermeasures are being taken . that I 'd like to see . Does General Wamsler know about this ? of course. stay on course and wait for further orders . But our course is leading us away from the intruders ! that 's ok . do you know who it is ? frogs ? I 'm not authorized to tell you. over ! No connection with TRU ? that 's never happened before ! - who was this mystery-monger ? - No idea . they 're on a course towards earth . No doubt . they 're coming from 3 directions , heading for the sectors around Gordon . Precisely where we were supposed to check the radar systems . atan , lightcast to TRU. try again , I need to speak to wamsler . Useless , Cliff . TRU is still down . who knows what 's going on ? they 'll redirect us again . try , I said. lf we 're redirected again , at least I know what 's up . and you , my friend , give me your gun . - why ? what are you doing ? - Now ! - You 're not authorized . - Come on ! don 't work yourself up . just a precaution . maybe Villa hasn 't just sent you along to do us a favor . ridiculous . all the better. we 'll see . orion 8 to TRU ! orion 8 to TRU ! You can kill me , but you can 't force me to give false orders to McLane . firstly , I can force you to and secondly , I 'm giving the orders . and be certain he 'll follow them . You don 't know McLane . lightcast from orion to TRU . take it . But you talk : I want to hear how much he knows . this is Commander McLane , Orion 8 Calling General Wamsler . speak Commander . I want to speak to the General and no one else . I told you an hour ago that ... that TRU is down . Don 't give me that rubbish . I 'll act on my own now . talk to him or I melt you down . McLane , this is Villa . I have a surprise for you . Villa , I knew it. lf we ever meet again , I will have a surprise for you . with me is security officer lieutenant jagellovsk . I swear the girl will die on the spot , if you don 't obey my orders . do you understand ? major ! McLane ! You were right . It 's too late . Villa as won . the invasion is on , it 's the FROGS , do you ear me ? lieutenant ! lieutenant ! Yes ? did you hear this , McLane ? I 'm not bluffing . the girl 's life is in your hands . will you do what I say ? - Wat sail l do ? - where is Kranz ? - on the bridge . - Get him over to the lightcast unit . this is Kranz . Colonel , I 've been disarmed . I thought so . McLane , you have one minute . after that Kranz will report that he has taken over the command . 50 seconds left . this sounds like a bad joke ! really ? she must have redirected it to TRU . she knows what she 's doing ! Go notify wamsler , or and the government . Use messengers . don 't stand there like idiots , what should I do ? - 10 seconds . - l can 't decide that alone . - 7 seconds . - Cliff , give it to him . - Give it to him ! - You have to give it to him ! 4 seconds ! well done. and now , don 't move ! Please ? I thought he hadn 't noticed . Colonel Villa , this is Kranz . 01 , 00 , 2,3 , algol , Vesta , lnterkosmos , U , Indigo . roger , lndigo. over . He 's taken care of . Cosmos control , please . Invasion forces in the assembly areas . No obstruction by terrestrial forces . Cosmos - 150 . enter the invasion route now. the beam from Gordon will supply the energy . what about her ? eliminate her ? No , that can wait until Cosmos - 50 . maybe we 'll need her again , when TRU gets on our case . she 's well connected . Get her out ! what my people are telling me is scary . Villa must have gone mad . He 's preparing an invasion by the frogs ! Isolate the GSS complex electromagnetically . then force open the doors with Vargo-rays . Yes , marshall ! Villa has to be caught off guard ! all forces to the area of operations , plan delta . all security measures according to plan delta effective as of now . News embargo ! Cosmos - 100. lock the fleet bases . low up the launching bays . lightcast to all operative terrestrial units. alpha order . return to earth . this is an alpha order . this is terrestrial reconnaissance. alpha alert ! frog invasion forces approaching earth . frog invasion fleet approaching sectors 118 Kl12 to 118 Kl4 . resistance futile. invasion unstoppable . we suggest negotiations . Government to SSC . Negotiators will be court-martialed . the enemy as to be stopped by any means . terrestrial reconnaissance Unit calling all stations : lightcast communication between bases and operative units is being redirected by Gss and is therefore futile. I repeat : Lightcast communication is being redirected by GSS and is therefore futile. I repeat . ' what took you so long , gentlemen ? You are too late ! the operation is under way and nothing will stop it . within 24 hours the earth will finally be in the hands of intelligent beings . If these beings aren 't significantly more intelligent than you , we don 't have to worry . Come on ! You 're being expected on Gordon . who is expecting us ? wait and see . frogs ? Intelligent beings. they 're very interested in our overkill system . You will give a demonstration , McLane . I 'd rather be killed . well , well. on Gordon you 'll first sleep for awhile and when you wake up , everything will look different . we 're going to be brainwashed ? just like what they did with Villa ! Propulsion deck to Commander ! transformers 3 and 5 are malfunctioning . Wat sail l do ? what do you mean , malfunctioning ? Sall I give a technical description of a transformer and its functions ? Or rather why they might be malfunctioning ? order your man to fix it . this means ... this means that we temporarily have to fly at alf speed . McLane , what you 're doing is sabotage . and what you 're doing isn 't ? don 't try to bluff. lf the orion isn 't back to full speed asap , I will have to decide which crew member is most expendable . How many cruisers are in space ? the standard security eighth. lt 's nothing compared to the size of the attack . the invaders are passing laser gun batteries 7 to 9 . they 've taken strong losses , but haven 't changed their course . It 's an incredible number. even if the batteries melt down half of them ... Can 't you force Villa to do something ? You can 't force Villa to do anything . He 's in reckwalt 's mental ward ! marshall , we deciphered the code Villa used to direct the invasion . Yes ? they obviously had problems supplying the energy for the advance . that 's why they 're all approaching via Gordon . Gordon has them on a beam which supplies energy and guides them . that 's why they didn 't change course when they passed our batteries . In other words , the only way to stop the attack is to destroy Gordon . and which unit can reach Gordon in time ? None. y Villa 's last order , they all returned to earth . only McLane could reach Gordon. and he 's in Kranz 's power. lt 's a nightmare . we 've been trying to contact the orion for an hour . we have her on the screen , but she doesn 't answer . lieutenant ! don 't get nervous . or else I 'll get nervous and that could end up badly . Invaders are passing sector 1 16 Lm 4 course uncanged . Orion 8 is not responding . we have to do something . really ? and what ? the Hydra under General van dyke has set course for Gordon . Useless. she 'll reach Gordon too late . she 'll be there before the orion . since when is the Hydra faster than the orion ? the orion has been flying at half speed for awhile . Couldn 't the Hydra reach the orion ? Yes , but what for ? do you think the Hydra will scare Kranz into a deep-freeze cabin ? order the Hydra to attack McLane . are you mad ? If the orion was attacked , McLane might have the chance to regain control . Kranz needs to defend the orion . He will need McLane and de monti . You understand ? He needs them and therefore might lose control over them . we have to try . all right . Wat 's taking so long ? I tried to accelerate . But you saw the result . Negative . Sigbjornson , I 've had enough . I don 't believe you . If you don 't believe me , ask McLane . You 're not saying anything ? You know sigbjornson is right . I know as soon as I 've killed one of you and we 're still flying at half speed . Come on then , what are you waiting for ? You 're risking a lot , McLane . radar alert ! flying object . rapid approach , distance 144,143 . Commander to propulsion deck . do we have full speed ? and if you ask a tird time , General . the hydra is giving everyting se as . Commander to battle station : attack the orion from distance 109 . You know what this is about ! the orion must not be disabled ! a battle ship of the orion class . - distance 110 . - Cliff , it 's the Hydra . sigbjornson must accelerate . distance 109 . Cliff , they 're attacking . we 're within their range . Your own people won 't attack you ! Not us , but you ! General van dyke is probably convinced that we 're dead . I command you to defend us . How ? attack the ship - now ! as you wish ! mario , man the battle station . Keep cool , my friend . mario. I have to go back down . orion to Hydra . General van dyke , this is McLane . we 're alive and we 'd like to live a bit longer , copy ? are you fully manoeuvreable ? technically , yes . Our nerves have suffered a bit . where is Kranz ? Rigt here. he seems a bit depressed . fly at hyperspace speed to Gordon . eliminate Gordon with overkill , by order of the world Government . Hasso , what about hyperspace ? No problem . I knew it ! You 're a clever man . General , the marsall would like to speak with you . Yes , marshall ? Wat do you tink ? Can the Orion make it ? If anyone can do it , it 's McLane . McLane is a good man . Who was the genius who demoted him ? - that was you , marshall ! - me ? Oh . Cliff , the FROGS have us in their search beams . We 're getting a clear signal from them . Yes , now there 's already 7 . We 're it . Generators 3 and 4 are failing . overkill . receiving impulse . enemy base ahead . radar on. distance ? distance 37.4 . Commander to battle station . Ready , they 're within sooting range . distance 37.3 . Propulsion deck to Commander . Running on ultra-impulse . distance ? 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , ... ln five seconds fire overkill . ready , mario ? Ready ! achtung - overkill ! Lightcast to Eart . Experiment Overkill successfully completed . Set course to Earth . these are the heroes of the battle of Gordon . Commander Cliff Allister McLane and his crew are returning to the headquarters of Space Command . the World Government expresses its gratitude to these men and women , for defending our freedom to drink whiskey and dance Galyxo . Galactic greetings Your departure to Gordon was against my orders ! It was ... a misconduct that saved us from being killed or brainwashed , though . You would be discharged now , if you hadn 't been right about this ! Please , if you ... Colonel McLane ! Colonel McLane ! Your duty with space Patrol ends today . Your disciplinary transfer is over . You 're back with the fast Combat Units . If you tell me where you 'll drink to that , I 'll join you . - ln the ... - starlight Casino ! Your duty starts with 3 months special leave for the entire crew . that 's it for now . Congratulations on the promotion . thanks , thank you . I 'm glad that you 're back with your old unit . that 's great for us all . Yes well , I don 't know . I have no idea what I will do . Yes why ? won 't you stay with us ? my babysitter job was only supposed to last as long as you were transferred . Yes , I thought you had forgotten . I ' m going to talk to van dyke . I 'll tell her I want to keep my babysitter or else I 'll quit the service . Can you only think about the service ? don 't you need a private babysitter ? thanks , Cliff. that 's enough . mario and I had a bet . this expert here claimed you wouldn 't dare to ? kiss in the SSC meeting room . I 've won 10 bottles of champagne . thanks . You scoundrel . I underestimated you , Cliff. I thougt only an expert could pull this off . You 're full of surprises ! Come on ! 3,2 , 1 . It was just a nightmare , wasn 't it ? worse , it was science fiction !
