 Good morning . You 're in a good mood . It 's another beautiful day in the Delta Quadrant . What 'd you have for breakfast ? I 'll see you tonight . Here you are , Lieutenant . Thank you . Nice job , Ensign . You keep the warp field that stable , you might just get us home a few years early . The Starfleet Manual allows for a variance of .3 . That 's only a guideline . You can do better . I don 't remember giving you permission to work here . I 'm sorry , Lieutenant . I 'm helping him study warp mechanics . You should have notified me . It 's a busy day , and I ... Lieutenant . I 'm fine . I 'm detecting another life sign . Where ? Inside Lieutenant Torres . It could be a parasite . Seven of Nine to the Doctor . Go ahead . I 'll be accompanying Lieutenant Torres to Sick Bay . What 's wrong ? I believe she 's pregnant . The fetus appears to be about seven weeks old and doing quite well . So are you . Why did she faint ? Klingon and human metabolisms sometimes clash . Tell me about it . It 's not uncommon for such pregnancies to cause biochemical fluctuations in the mother . is that serious ? Not usually . You can expect some behavioral volatility , increased nutritional needs . Creating new life is a big job . Hmm . " Creating new life . " I can 't believe it . I don 't mean to be indelicate , but weren 't you trying to get pregnant ? Well ... of course . I mean ... well , we knew we wanted a family . But the odds against human-Klingon conception are so high . Well , apparently you 've beaten the odds . May I be the first to congratulate you ? When is the baby due ? Normally , Klingon pregnancies run 30 weeks , but with mixed species , it could be sooner . is it a girl or a boy ? No . Don 't tell . Uh , I want to be surprised . Ah . We 've already been surprised . I just don 't see any reason to have to label the baby . I don 't want to know the gender . I don 't want to have to pick a name yet . Okay , okay . Mommy knows best . " Mommy " ? I wonder if the holodeck has any child-rearing programs . There are some things you just can 't simulate . I will take whatever help I can get . We should get our quarters ready . Maybe I can replicate one of those antique cribs . And put it where ? We 'll need to rearrange the living area . We need to do a lot more than that . You 're happy about this , right ? Of course I 'm happy . Just a little overwhelmed , that 's all . Me , too . Can we , uh , keep this to ourselves for a while ? Absolutely . I , uh ... I need to get to work . See you later ... Dad . Congratulations , Tom . Thanks . How did you find out ? Icheb . Oh , he wasn 't supposed to tell ? Well , we were hoping to keep it private ... for an hour or so . As they say on Talax , Omara s 'alas- - " Good news has no clothes . " Thanks ... I guess . Mm . Now , my good news would be learning that I 'll be the godfather . I do have experience with Naomi Wildman , you know . I can 't think of anyone more qualified . Well , in that case , I 've been making up a list of names . Tell me ... Have you checked the warp core for radiation leaks today ? No . Why ? You have a certain ... glow about you . Okay , who told you ? I just heard . Congratulations . Thanks . Seven said you were dizzy . Are you all right ? I 'm fine . Nothing ever rattled her , not even the Cardassians . This is scarier . Would you like some time off ? To do what ? Adjust . This is a big change . I 'll work during the day , sleep at night , and have the baby when it 's time . Well , if you need to cut back on your duties , I 'm sure Seven would be happy to fill in for you . I think I can handle it . Congratulations , buddy . Where did you hear the news ? In the datastream from Earth ? Actually , I think it was a transmission from the Borg . It 's all over now . No more late nights on the holodeck . No more racing the Delta Flyer . Don 't you think you 're exaggerating just a little ? I 've seen it happen . The new dad gets tied down with family . Old friends drop away . It 's fatherhood , Harry , not exile . If you say so . Kidding aside , how 's it feel ? Well , it 's ... lt 's not quite real yet . Maybe that 's what pregnancy 's for . Time to let reality sink in ... before your life spins out of control . You need any help ? Mr. Paris , this may be the first time you 've ever volunteered to assist me . Really ? Well , we ought to change that . I mean , we 've known each other a long time . We ought to work more closely . I 'll keep that in mind . So I guess you 've heard B 'Elanna and I are going to have a baby . I was unaware . Oh . Finally , someone who doesn 't know . Allow me to extend my best wishes . Thanks . You know , a baby is , uh , ... it 's a big responsibility , but I 'm ready for it . Not that , uh , you can ever be completely ready . Can you ? Lieutenant , are you asking me for advice about fatherhood ? Well , I don 't know anyone else who 's been through it . I 'm afraid my parenting skills are somewhat dormant . It 's been many years since my children were young . Well then , you 've had a long time to think back on it . Any helpful hints ? Offspring can be disturbingly illogical , yet profoundly fulfilling . You should anticipate paradox . Ah. I 'll remember that . If you 'd like my counsel on more specific issues ... Something tells me I 'm going to be volunteering to work with you on a regular basis . So ? Looks nice . Well , I figured quiet , romantic dinners may soon be a thing of the past . Tough day ? The Captain practically relieved me of duty ... as if I couldn 't handle being an engineer and being pregnant at the same time . Well , if you ever need a baby-sitter , " Godfather Neelix " is ready to go . Chakotay wants to be godfather . Well , Neelix already has a list of names . Now , I don 't mind people suggesting names . What annoys me is all of the free advice about feeding , discipline . Folk wisdom is my favorite . According to Chell , Bolians believe that if you give birth near a warp core it 'll improve the baby 's disposition . Why does everybody feel they 're entitled to give us advice ? This is our child . Well , people should know better than to interfere with a Klingon mother . What 's that supposed to mean ? Nothing. lt was a joke . What does being Klingon have to do with it ? Hey , take it easy . I don 't want to take it easy . I want everybody to back off and just let me ... The Doctor said I might experience some behavioral volatility . I guess this is it . Well , forget about the Doctor . Forget the Captain and all the godfathers . Maybe you 're right . I know I am . This isn 't about their expectations or hopes or ... doubts . None of this belongs to them . It belongs to us . All of it . Lucky us . Lieutenants Torres and Paris please report to Sick Bay . It 's a holographic extrapolation of your child 's spine , approximately ten months after birth . It 's deviated . Yes . There 's a pronounced curvature to the left . Can it be corrected ? I had surgery for it when I was a baby . You never told me that . My mother had it , too . It tends to run in Klingon families , especially among females . Are you saying that this baby is a girl ? No , I didn 't say that . But it is a girl , right ? You cannot infer that . It 's okay . You might as well just tell us . Yes . it 's a girl ... and aside from the deviated spine , she 's healthy . Will she need surgery ? Fortunately , we 've advanced beyond that . Genetic modification is the treatment of choice . If you can project an image of the spine , can you use the genetic data to show us the whole baby ? I could . l-it would only be an approximation . Let 's take a look . I don 't know . Oh , come on . Aren 't you curious ? Okay . Oh , she 's beautiful . Forehead ridges ? Yes . But she 's only one-quarter Klingon . Klingon traits remain dominant for several generations , even with a single ancestor . Oh , she looks just like her mother . You are so much like your mother . She 's perfect ... isn 't she ? Oh , what a day . Mm-hmm . Six years in the Delta Quadrant and nothing has ever scared me as much as hearing our baby had a problem . It 's not much of a problem . Well , we didn 't know that at first . Now we know . And we also know that the Doctor is going to fix everything tomorrow morning . I 'm sorry . It 's a lot to take in all at once , and I 'm really tired . We could both use some sleep . Computer , dim the lights . Somebody make sure those coals are completely out . I 'll get it , Dad . You kids be careful and be back before sunset . And bring your appetites- - we 're having fish for dinner . If you two can catch any . Dad , I increased the field strength of the targeting lure . Ooh , those fish don 't stand a chance . You better get going . Your cousins aren 't going to wait forever . I was thinking- - maybe I could go fishing with you and Uncle Carl . I thought you were looking forward to the hike ? Just the kids . No dads to slow you down . They don 't like me . Why would you say that ? Because it 's true . Come on , B 'Elanna , let 's go . See ? Now , go on . Have a good time . Dad ? What is it ? Nothing . Relax . We 're not that late . The Doctor scheduled me at 0800 . You still have time for my favorite gourmet breakfast- - peanut butter toast . I 'm too tired to eat . Well , if you 're having trouble sleeping now , wait till those 0200 feedings come around . You 'll be in charge of those . I can 't wait . Look , uh , you don 't have to come with me . It 's a minor procedure . Wouldn 't you like some moral support ? I 'm not an invalid . Well , in that case , you 're on your own . That goes for breakfast , too . I 've been expanding my database in obstetrics and pediatrics . You haven 't found another problem , have you ? No , not at all , but I have put together a prenatal enrichment program . Why am I not surprised ? I 'd like to start with trans-abdominal vocalization . Let me guess . You 're going to sing to my fetus . Through a diatonal amplifier . It 's quite safe , and it should enhance the child 's mathematical abilities . Can we talk about this later ? Absolutely ... at our first parenting class . Parenting class . Birthing techniques , feeding options , bonding strategies . It 's not all hard work , though . We 'll have ample time for fun . Could we get on with it ? Certainly . Computer , dim lights . I hope you don 't expect me to sleep through this . Of course not . The darkness encourages vascular dilation . Now , you may feel a slight tingling . Please remain as still as possible . B 'Elanna , come have lunch . That 's okay . I 'm not hungry . You better eat while you can . You know our dads aren 't going to catch any fish . Here . Thanks . Your mom wasn 't sure you 'd be able to come this weekend . I had a lot of schoolwork . Well , I 'm glad you made it . That 's nice of you to say . Hey , B 'Elanna , can you hand me a drink ? Okay . Thanks . My teacher said Klingons like live food . Hey , stop it ! Stop . It was just a joke . It was a stupid joke , Dean . He 's always doing stuff like that to me . Don 't be mad , B 'Elanna . B 'Elanna , wait ! Computer , raise lights . Your daughter 's spinal column is now perfectly aligned . is she going to be all right ? Better than all right if her parents are any indication . Computer , access B 'Elanna Torres ' medical file . File accessed . Project a holographic image of the baby . Now , extrapolate what the child 's facial features will look like ... at 12 years old . Display the fetus genome . Delete the following gene sequences . Extrapolate what the child would look like with those genetic changes . Delete the following sequences . Extrapolate . Save changes . Restrict access to this file ; B 'Elanna Torres only . There 's no valid medical reason to do what you 're proposing . I disagree . You want to delete entire DNA sequences . The genes that create redundant organs , for example . They 're superfluous . Those redundancies are there for a reason . Does my daughter need a third lung to survive ? Strictly speaking , no , but having it may be beneficial . Some geneticists believe the extra lung evolved to give Klingons greater stamina on the battlefield . My daughter is not going to be a Klingon warrior . With all due respect , you have no idea what your daughter 's going to be ! What if she develops an interest in athletics ? Greater lung capacity would be an advantage . The point is , there 's no reason to arbitrarily remove genetic traits . It 's not arbitrary ! It 's preventive . How so ? That third lung could become diseased , couldn 't it ? I suppose . Then what I 'm suggesting is no different than removing an appendix before it becomes inflamed . Why tamper with biological systems that have evolved over eons ? Like curvature of the spine ? If I make these changes , it 'll affect her appearance . I 'm aware of that . Are you also aware that some of these genes influence behavior , personality ? None of that 's as important as her health . What does Tom think about all this ? I wanted to see what you thought first . Well , as you can see , I 'm very dubious . Look , I 've done statistical analyses , epidemiology . At least review my work . All right , I 'll look at it . But in the meantime ... I suggest you have a talk with your husband . Absolutely not . This is our child 's health we 're talking about . No , it 's more than that . You want to change who she is . Her individuality , her ... You don 't want her to be Klingon . That 's what this is really about , isn 't it ? You 're trying to protect her from being Klingon , because you had a rough time when you were a kid . I was treated like a monster . That isn 't going to happen to our daughter . Everyone on Voyager will accept her for who she really is . That 's easy for you to say . You 're human . Meaning what , exactly ? Meaning you don 't understand what it 's like . Okay , then ... tell me . When the people around you are all one way and you 're not , you can 't help feeling like there 's something wrong with you . But Voyager isn 't just one way . We 've got Bajorans , Vulcans a Talaxian ... And 140 humans . Our daughter is going to have a mixed heritage , just like her mother . It 's something you 'll have in common , something she should be proud of . Why destroy that ? I 'm not destroying anything ! Gene resequencing isn 't a weapon . It 's a tool ... like a hyperspanner ! She 's not a machine . She 's our daughter . I 'm not exactly sure what you want me to do . I want you to order the Doctor to genetically alter my child . Do you see what I 'm dealing with here ? What you 're asking for is ethically questionable . The Doctor has reservations , your husband is against it . I only want to do what you did for Seven of Nine . I beg your pardon ? You had her implants removed . I don 't see the connection . You altered her physiology . You changed who she was . I was acting in her best interests . That 's all I 'm doing . Seven was born human . The Captain just helped to restore her original physiology . And gave her a much better life in the process . Our child isn 't even born yet . How do you know what 's going to make her life better ? I just don 't want her to start at a disadvantage . Look , the Doctor said you might experience mood swings ... That 's it . Just dismiss my argument as some kind of hormonal outburst ! I didn 't mean that ! Stop it , both of you . The biggest problem you two have isn 't ethical ... it 's marital . I 'm happy to offer you advice as a friend , but as your Captain , I am not going to overrule the Chief Medical Officer . You two need to work this out . B 'Elanna ... What ? You heard the Captain . We have to work this out . There 's nothing to work out . You 're getting what you want . What I want is to have a civilized discussion with my wife . Maybe a change of scenery would help . How about the holodeck ? That 's your solution to everything . At least I 'm trying . Look , I don 't care where we do it , but we have to talk this out ... I am tired of talking , all right ? Do I need a reservation ? What happened ? I think B 'Elanna and I need some time apart . My couch is your couch . She 's barely pregnant and already we 're having a major crisis . You 'll make up . You always do . Yeah , but that 's what worries me . We 're always fighting and making up . How 's that going to affect our daughter ? She 's going to have a great life . Piloting the ship from your lap , battling Dr. Chaotica on the holodeck . Yeah , unless B 'Elanna thinks battling is too Klingon . She 's always been sensitive about being part Klingon . You know that . That doesn 't give her the right to turn our child into a science experiment . But it does explain why this is so important to her . What am I supposed to do ? Maybe you should tell her you understand . What good would that do ? It might make her less defensive , and then maybe it would be easier for her to see your point of view . Yeah ? What if she can 't ? Like I said , my couch is your couch . She should be back by now . Nobody has any idea where she went ? She just ran off down there . I 'm-l 'm going to go look for her . Uncle John ? Yeah ? I ... it ... B 'Elanna . Where have you been ? I 'm sorry . I got kind of ... separated . It was our fault . It was Dean 's fault . He put a worm in her sandwich . I was just kidding . I 'm really sorry . Forget it . Come on . Let 's get dinner started . You want to talk about it ? I just wish ... You wish what ? I wish I weren 't Klingon . Now , why would you say that ? Because everyone makes fun of me . Who 's everyone ? Dean , kids at school . They all hate me . Did I ever tell you what the kids at my school used to call me ? I used to fall asleep in class all the time , so instead of John Torres , they called me John " Snore-ez . " It 's not the same thing . Of course it is . Kids tease each other . They can be very cruel , but it doesn 't mean that they hate you or that they hate Klingons . You don 't understand ! I think I do . You have to learn to be a little less sensitive . Fine . Now come on . Uncle Carl 's going to tell one of his famous fish stories . I 'd rather just read . Suit yourself . Did you know there are fish around here that have wings ? Flying fish ? It 's true. I 'm telling you . We saw one . Oh , yeah . Really ? John , didn 't we see a flying fish today ? We sure did . Jumped five feet in the air , flew right into my lap . Oh , no ! I jumped into Uncle John 's lap . Everybody asleep ? They were exhausted . Coffee ? Sure . Listen , I 'm sorry . For what ? The way Dean treated B 'Elanna . I had a talk with him . He was just doing what 1 1-year-olds do . I 'm sure B 'Elanna overreacted . What makes you say that ? She 's too damn sensitive . What do you mean ? She 's a great kid . You haven 't been around her much the last couple of years . She 's gotten moody , unpredictable , argumentative . Just like her mother . I thought you loved Miral 's ... intensity . Everything 's become a fight with her . I guess the older I get , the less intensity I can handle . You know , it 's funny how Mom and Dad always turn out to be right . What do you mean ? Mom warned me not to marry Miral . Mom loved Miral . Sure , she did , but she never thought I had the constitution to live with a Klingon ... and now I 'm living with two of them . Taya . What ? " Taya . " lt 's the feminine form of " Chakotay . " What do you think ? I 'll add it to the list , right after " Floxia . " Neelix suggested that one . It 's number 32 . On second thought , you and Tom ought to come up with your own name . I knew there was a reason I always liked you . You look like you 've been up all night . Want to get some coffee ? That 's the best offer I 've had all week . Morning . Hi . Join us for breakfast ? You know what ? I forgot my padd . Why don 't you two go ahead ? I 'll meet you in the Mess Hall . So , how are you today ? I haven 't changed my mind , if that 's what you mean . No , what I meant was , how are you ? I 've been better , but I 'll get over it . You know , Harry has the lumpiest pillows on the ship . He snores , keeps the room way too hot . I missed you . Me , too . I still owe you that slice of peanut butter toast . Why don 't we go back to our quarters , fire up the toaster ? Sounds nice . Lieutenant Torres , Lieutenant Paris , please report to Sick Bay . I 've reviewed the data you gave me , and I 've also done my own analysis . Skip the details , Doctor . You 've already made it clear what you think of my proposal . Actually , I 've changed my opinion . What ? The genetic alterations you 've suggested are necessary . On what grounds ? The " clash " l mentioned between Klingon and human metabolism . It 's more extensive than I realized . How extensive ? Theoretically , it could lead to complete metabolic failure . But you can fix it ? By eliminating most of her Klingon genetic material . Are you sure about all of this ? My analysis was quite thorough . Of course , if our circumstances were different , you would be free to seek a second opinion . No offense , Doc , but I am just trying to understand what 's going on . You 're welcome to review my findings , but let me stress it would be unwise to delay this too long . Why ? The fetus is at a critical stage of development . Antibodies have begun to form . How long do we have ? I 've scheduled the procedure for tomorrow morning , with your permission . I want to thank you both for helping B 'Elanna when she fainted . I 'm glad it wasn 't a parasite . Well , you probably don 't know this , but there may be some problems with the pregnancy . I 'm sorry to hear that . The Doctor suggested a treatment for the baby , but his findings are very confusing ... at least to me . You have some expertise in genetics . Do you mind taking a look at this ? Of course not . Whatever the problem is , I have no doubt the Doctor will solve it . I hope you 're right . Your confusion is understandable . There 's a computational error . It 's not like the Doctor to make a mistake . I didn 't think that was possible , unless there 's some sort of glitch in his program . I 'll run a diagnostic . Thank you . Please tell Lieutenant Torres if there 's anything I can do ... I 'll let her know . Thanks . It appears to be more than a glitch . I believe the Doctor 's program has been tampered with . B 'Elanna , this is Tom . Respond . Computer , locate Lieutenant Torres . Lieutenant Torres is in Sick Bay . Frankly , I 'm relieved you decided not to wait till the last minute . Once this is behind us , I 'm sure we 'll all feel better . Someone 's blocked communications to Sick Bay . See if you can deactivate the Doctor . Access to his program has been restricted . Keep trying . Paris to Tuvok . Go ahead . Meet me in Sick Bay . Why would she alter the Doctor 's program ? To change his mind about the medical procedure . Computer , open Sick Bay doors . Unable to comply . Override . Authorization : Tuvok-pi-alpha . Authorization denied . Doctor , stop what you 're doing . You 're interrupting a medical procedure . Your program has been altered . What do you mean , altered ? Ignore him . B 'Elanna , this is completely irrational . Will someone please tell me what 's going on ? I 'm your patient . Your first duty is to me and my baby . Tuvok to Bridge . Kim here . There 's a force field in Sick Bay . I can 't deactivate it . Cut power to the EPS relay surrounding the Surgical Bay . Access has been restricted . I 'll have to bypass them . You said it could be dangerous to delay the procedure . She 's manipulating you , Doc , in more ways than one . I 'm sorry , Lieutenant , but if there 's something wrong with my program ... There 's nothing wrong with your program ! I 'm cutting power to the Surgical Bay now . I suggest we deactivate your program , until we determine the extent of the alterations . I understand . Computer , deactivate EMH . You had no right to interfere . Tuvok , would you mind giving us a minute ? I never thought you would go this far . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Reprogramming the Doctor ? I upgraded his program , so he could understand what had to be done . You mean to reconfigure our baby so she wouldn 't be treated like a monster . It 's not just about the way she 'll be treated ! What else is it about , then ? ! Come on , B 'Elanna , tell me ! Forget it . No , no . We 're not going to forget it . We 're going to talk about this right now . Stop telling me what to do ! You 're not my father ! What are you talking about ? Look , my fath ... What ? What about him ? We were inseparable . He spoiled me and I worshipped him , but the older I got ... we just grew apart . He ended up organizing this camping trip with my cousins . I guess he just wanted to- - l don 't know- - make things better again . But it didn 't . It was awful . I ended up trying to run away . B 'Elanna ? What are you doing ? It was so stupid . I mean , where was I going to go ? You probably just wanted him to stop you . Well , he did . Don 't touch me . B 'Elanna , what 's wrong ? You know what 's wrong . No , I don 't . Maybe I 'm just being moody and unpredictable . What are you talking about ? I heard what you said to Uncle Carl . You shouldn 't be listening to private conversations . And you shouldn 't have said what you did about Mommy ! B 'Elanna ... listen to me . Your mother and I are having problems , but ... You don 't love her anymore . That 's not true . Yes , it is , and you don 't love me , either . B 'Elanna ... You 're no different than anyone else . You don 't like Klingons . You said it . You are twisting my words , B 'Elanna . Maybe he was right . Maybe you misunderstood . No , I know what I heard . It made me so angry ! You had a right to be , after the things he said . It 's not what he said . It 's what I said . If you can 't stand living with us , then why don 't you just leave ? ! And that 's exactly what he did . Oh , B 'Elanna ... 12 days later ... and he never came back . You can 't blame yourself for that . Why not ? Because ... he was obviously unhappy about his marriage . He didn 't leave just because you told him to . You don 't know that . Look , whatever the reason was , I 'm sure it was a horrible thing for you to live with . Wait a minute . You don 't think ... B 'Elanna , I am never going to leave you . You say that now ... but think about how hard it is to live with one Klingon . Pretty soon it 'll be two . And someday I hope it 's three or four . I mean it , and I hope that every one of them is just like you . B 'Elanna ... I am not your father , and you are not your mother , and our daughter is going to be perfect just the way she is . You really think so ? I know so . Medical Officer 's Log , Stardate 54452.6 . Lieutenant Torres has deleted the alterations she made to my program . It 's a relief to be back to my old self again . Good morning , Lieutenant . You 're not feeling ill , are you ? No . I 'm fine . I just wanted to apologize for violating your program . Apology accepted . Not guilty by reason of biochemistry . Nice of you to let me off the hook , but biochemistry isn 't an excuse . I knew exactly what I was doing . is something wrong ? I don 't know . Your baby 's kicking . So soon ? Well , she is part Klingon . There it is again . May I ? Feisty little thing , isn 't she ? I wonder where she gets that from . Speaking of the baby , I have another request . Yes ? I wonder if you 'd like to be her godfather . Neelix wants the job , but he 's already got Naomi Wildman , and Chakotay knows less about raising kids than Harry , and , and if you think ... I accept . Thanks . Thank you . I was also wondering ... Do you think I could see her one more time ? The holographic projection , I mean . I don 't see why not . She is cute , isn 't she ?
