 Hmm ... Hmm ... There . Excellent . You recognized the complementary base pair . Actually , I just found two pieces that fit together . You 're missing the point . I thought the point was to finish the puzzle . And learn something about genetics . If you really want to help , find me a green piece that looks like Tuvok 's ear . Commander . At ease . I 'm just passing through . I apologize for the condition of the cargo bay , sir . I 've been tutoring Naomi . Looks like you found a creative approach . Thank you , but I 'd appreciate it if you didn 't tell Seven . I 'm supposed to be writing a paper on transwarp instability . Don 't worry , your secret 's safe ... as long as you keep mine . Sir ? Antarian cider . Not the replicated stuff . There are only a couple of bottles left , and I don 't want Mr. Neelix getting his hands on them . Well , then you should store them with the salvaged Borg components . Neelix never inventories those containers . He says they give him the creeps . Officer-level thinking , lcheb . Would you mind ? Of course not . Come in . You 're late . Unfortunately , so 's dinner . Let me guess- - you burned the roast again . Once , a long time ago , I called this replicator a glorified toaster . It never forgave me . I didn 't realize replicators held grudges . What 's so funny ? I just left lcheb and Naomi assembling a jigsaw puzzle in the cargo bay . Find me the thermal regulator , please . How is lcheb ? In a few years , he may be running the ship . I don 't know about you , but I 'm not ready to retire just yet . Janeway to the Bridge . Report . That was some kind of gravimetric surge . It 's overloading our inertial dampeners . Source ? That 's a good question . Seven 's trying to localize it . Engineering says the warp core is destabilizing . I 'd better get down there . A spatial rift is opening directly in front of us . It 's emitting high levels of neutrinos and chronitons . On screen . What is it ? I don 't know . We 're losing containment . Everyone out ! Torres to the Transporter Room . Beam Commander Chakotay directly to Sick Bay , now ! Welcome back . Lie still . What happened ? You were transported here . Your body was in a state of temporal flux . Temporal flux ? You had the liver of an 80-year-old man and the kidneys of a 12-year-old boy . Fortunately , I was able to create a chroniton-infused serum that you brought you back into temporal alignment . Anywhere else , that antidote would have earned me a prestigious award . Of course , on Voyager , it 's just another day in the life of an under-appreciated EMH . What about the rest of the crew ? No other casualties ? Not that I 'm aware of . I 've tried calling the Bridge , but no one answers . Were we attacked ? I don 't think so . We ran into some sort of anomaly . Naturally , no one thought to inform me . What do you think you 're doing ? Leaving . And you 're going with me . I am ? There may be other injured crewmen . In case you 've forgotten , I 'm a prisoner of these walls . Where 's your mobile emitter ? My what ? I 'll be back . Wait . Tell me about this ... mobile emitter . Bridge . Harry ... what 's going on ? Sir ? I 'm afraid I don 't know you . Take him into custody . How did you get aboard this ship ? Kathryn ... Oh , I didn 't realize we were on a first-name basis . We should have known that the Maquis were involved . Maquis ? involved in what ? Just when we 're about to chase your ship into the Badlands , our systems start malfunctioning and you step off the turbolift . Captain , I know this may be hard to believe , but I think I 've somehow been thrown seven years into Voyager 's past . Really ? Let 's try another theory . You learned Voyager had been assigned to capture you , and you managed to get on board to sabotage her . Check your sensors . See if they 're showing any strange temporal readings . Captain , the environmental controls are fluctuating . Take him to the brig . Halt turbolift . Engineering . Seska . Hold him still . You didn 't really think I 'd hurt you , did you ? How 'd you get here ? Don 't tell me that little bump on your head gave you amnesia . It 's time you accepted that I 'm in control of Voyager now . That was five years ago . What are you talking about ? Listen , Seska , there 's some kind of temporal anomaly going on here . I want to know how many more of your people are back on board . All right , I 'll tell you . I 've got a dozen officers with me . We 've already locked you out of every key system . In less than an hour , we 'll be in control again . In less than a minute , you 're going to be dead , if you don 't give me access to those systems . I 'll need to use that console . Just don 't do anything you 'll regret . Move . Stop him ! Warning . Coolant system breach . Don 't make me kill you . No . Scan the perimeter . Report any anomalous readings . There 's something wrong here . Whoever you are , I suggest you surrender . I 'm armed ! It 's only me , Doc . Commander . Please tell me what 's going on . If you tell me the stardate . 49624 . No wonder you didn 't know about the mobile emitter . You don 't get it for another year . I don 't understand . I 'm not sure I get it myself , but the ship seems to have been fractured somehow . Fractured ? Different areas seem to exist in different time periods . How many of these " time periods " are there ? I 'm not sure . On the Bridge , it 's before Voyager even left the Alpha Quadrant . In Engineering , it 's the time when the Kazon took over the ship . Kazon ? We 've got to protect ourselves . Don 't worry . So far , I 'm the only one who can cross from one zone into another . That serum you gave me ... it must have made me immune . Normal technology won 't pass through the barriers . Can you replicate a chroniton-infused hypospray casing , using the same principles you used to make the serum ? I think so . Why ? I have to take some of it with me . What for ? If I 'm going to put the ship back together again , I need help . Captain . Where are my officers ? The turbolift passed through a temporal barrier . They couldn 't get through . If you 're willing to hear me out , I can explain ... at least partly . You mean about your being from the future ? Your first Starfleet posting was on the Al-Batani , where you once knocked out power to six decks by misaligning the positronic relays . Nice try , but you could have read that in the Maquis intelligence file . How 's Molly , your Irish setter ? You rescued her from a pound on Taris Seti iv . She was the runt of the litter , but you thought she had spunk . You love music , but you never learned to play an instrument- - something you still regret . How do you know these things ? Because you told me , about three years from now . My ready room . It 's a fascinating story , but as the Ferengi say , " A good lie is easier to believe than the truth . " So you 're saying no one on your crew has encountered one of these temporal barriers ? My helmsman disappeared when she tried to walk down that corridor , but that doesn 't prove she passed through a temporal barrier . If you inject yourself , I can take you down that corridor and show you everything that I 've said is true . Have Mr. Kim run a full-spectral analysis . For all I know , this is poison and Mr. Chakotay is trying to assassinate me . She 's right . It 's poison , and I 'll use it . Let her go . Lower your weapon . Captain ! Andrews to the Bridge . I need help here . Andrews ! He can 't hear you . We 've moved into a different time frame . Scan the area , but don 't go past that bulkhead . You want more proof ? It 's right down that corridor . You just have to trust me . It isn 't easy when you 're holding me hostage . Stay or go- - it 's your choice . Now that I 'm inoculated , I can go anywhere on the ship I want . That 's right . Then I suppose I don 't need you anymore . Without me , you 'll be walking into a future you know nothing about . Where are we going ? The Astrometrics Lab . Voyager doesn 't have an Astrometrics Lab . Harry designed it- - or will design it . Harry Kim ? I realize , from your perspective , he 's new to the job , but he 's going to become one of our best people . Deck 8 . " Our " people ? I 'm going to be your First Officer . Really ? What 's the reason we 're going to this , uh , Astrometrics ? It has temporal sensors that can help us map the ship and tell us how many time frames we 're dealing with . Now you 're trying to tell me Harry Kim invented temporal sensors ? No . We used Borg technology for that . Borg ? It 's a long story . Maybe you better keep it to yourself . The Temporal Prime Directive . The less I know about the future , the better . She 's got a pulse . I 'm detecting an active neurogenic field . This could be the day the telepathic pitcher plant put us all into comas . Or it might be the time aliens invaded our dreams . We 've got to get them help . Don 't worry . We managed to get out of both situations . Captain ? I 'm sorry- - l don 't recognize you , Lieutenant . It 's me- - Naomi Wildman . How did you ... ? Are you lcheb ? Yes . Something tells me you weren 't expecting us . No , ma 'am . You both died ... 17 years ago . The Captain and I haven 't risen from the grave . The ship 's been fractured into different time frames . 37 , to be exact . How did you calculate that ? We 've had 17 years to upgrade the sensors . A chronokinetic surge interacted with the warp core . It shattered the space-time continuum aboard the ship . The accident that occurred in your time frame . The question is : Can we repair the damage ? If we could get to a section of the ship that still exists in that time period , maybe we could counteract the surge , stop it from happening . That section was the focal point of the surge . It seems to have been ... obliterated . It 's too bad Seven 's not here . Seven ? Someone who knows more about temporal mechanics than any of us . Unfortunately , she hasn 't been found , either . Maybe we can find her in another time frame . I have an Ensign Samantha Wildman on my crew . My mother . Naomi was the first child born on Voyager . A few years later , we rescued lcheb from the Borg . When I was little , there was nothing I wanted more than to be the Assistant Captain . We should get moving . Commander . In case you were wondering , I never told Neelix where you hid that cider . So why are we looking for this ... Seven in the cargo bay ? She spent a lot of time there . Working ? Regenerating . Maybe you 'd better fill me in . This looks like the time you forged a temporary alliance with the Borg . What 's happened to this vessel ? Captain Janeway ... meet Seven of Nine- - Tertiary Adjunct of Unimatrix Zero One . When a Borg cube travels through a transwarp corridor , the temporal stresses are extreme . To keep the different sections of the cube in temporal sync , we project a chroniton field throughout the vessel . How ? Each cube has specially designed conduits . If we install similar conduits throughout this vessel then generate a sufficiently powerful field , we may be able to force Voyager back into temporal sync . Temporal sync with what ? The vessel will return to the moment of the original chronokinetic surge . Since the surge will last for six to seven seconds , Since the surge will last for six to seven seconds , Commander Chakotay will have a short time in which to try to counteract the warp core reaction . Even if we could replicate these conduits , we 'd have no way to get them through the temporal barriers . The bio-neural circuitry . Captain ? It runs through every section of the ship , almost like a nervous system . If we could inject the gel packs with your serum , we could use them to transmit the chroniton field . The warp core could be recalibrated to generate that field . Work on it . Chakotay and I will see about modifying the serum . Your plan is inefficient . Why ? There are only two of you . If I were to assimilate you into a small Borg collective , you could then assimilate others . The work would proceed more quickly . Sorry , but I like my plan better . We 'll be back . That was an interesting experience . If it makes you feel any better , you 're going to develop quite a knack for dealing with the Borg . You mean we 're going to be seeing more of them ? We 'll run into them on a few occasions . Why do I get the feeling that 's an understatement ? It doesn 't seem like my first command is shaping up the way I expected . " ln the middle of the journey of our life , " l found myself astray in a dark wood where the straight road had been lost . " I didn 't know Dante 's Inferno was on the Maquis reading list . Actually , I borrowed your copy . My fiancé gave me that book as an engagement gift . I 've never lent it to anyone . Not yet . Anyway , I agree with Dante . If you always see the road ahead of you , it 's not worth the trip . A soldier and a philosopher . Your intelligence file doesn 't do you justice . I 've replicated these belts to resist the effects of the temporal barriers , just like the hyposprays . I didn 't realize you were programmed to be so versatile . I wasn 't , but when you are thrown into the deep end of the galaxy and left running for as long as I 've been , it helps to develop a few extra subroutines . How long have you been running ? Almost three years- - since our original Doctor was killed . Killed ? How ? In the incident that stranded us here in the Delta Qua ... Doctor . The Temporal Prime Directive- - remember ? Of course . I 'm sorry . The Delta Quadrant ? is that what he was about to say ? Ready ? I 'll take the upper decks ; you take the lower . I don 't think splitting up 's a good idea . We 'll get the job done faster . As your First Officer , it 's my duty to protect you . I know a lot more about what 's out there than you do , and we have no way of communicating if something goes wrong . It may take a little longer , but we should go together . After you ... Commander . Can I ask you something ? I started off with a crew of 153 . I already know I lost my Doctor . How many others ? We 'll suffer casualties like any other starship , but you 'll also gain new crewmen as well . Like you . How do you get to be my First Officer ? Our crews will be forced to work together after we get stranded . In the Delta Quadrant ? How does that happen ? Are you sure you want to know ? Run ! What the hell was that ? A macrovirus- - they infected the ship a few years ago . It sounds like it 's going to be one disaster after another on this ship . You once told me that Starfleet Captains don 't choose their missions , the missions choose them . You 're going to have the opportunity to study things no human has ever seen before . including some very large germs . A monochromatic environment ? It 's called black and white . It 's one of Tom Paris holodeck programs . He based it on some old science fiction serials . Interesting technology . Captain Proton 's rocket pack . Captain Proton ? The savior of the universe . Doesn 't sound like Mr. Paris' tastes are very sophisticated . That 's why we love having him around . The access port should be in there . Here. I think I found the panel . Give me a hand . Halt in the name of Chaotica ! Seize them ! Oh , no . Computer , deactivate program . Unable to comply . Surrender . Holodeck controls are off-line . Hold on . Now , wait a minute . Seize ! My liege ! Do not resist . They were attempting to rob your laboratory ! Fool ! Don 't you recognize the Queen of the Spider People ? Arachnia ... my bride . I knew you 'd return to me one day ... so I could watch you die . Raise the lightning shield ! Power the death ray ! Her fleet may be lurking nearby . We must defend ourselves . I 'm open to suggestions . Our best bet is to play along . Don 't let me stop you . I 'm not the one he 's in love with . Arachnia ... you beguiled me once with your foul potions . Did you think you could toy with my affections again ? Were these characters always this ridiculous ? If I order Lonzak to pull that lever , you 'll never mock me again . Arachnia . Please , my liege . I meant it was ridiculous to think I would ever try to deceive you . I 've come to warn you of a fiendish plot . By aliens from the Eighth Dimension . Eighth ? Everyone knows there are only five dimensions . If you don 't believe us , examine their handiwork for yourself . There 's a hidden panel over there , behind those rocks . Very well . I 'll humor you . Lonzak ! I 've found it , Highness ! They 've sabotaged my laboratory . That vial you 're holding- - it 's a neutralizing potion . If you inject their device , you 'll render it harmless . Release me , and I 'll disarm all their devices ... throughout your realm . throughout your realm . Oh , Arachnia . You do love me . How could I resist your ... magnetism ? Or I , yours . Together , we 'll rule the cosmos and grind our enemies into dust . If we restore the timeline , remind me to cancel Mr. Paris' holodeck privileges . What the hell 's going on ? And what are you doing in that uniform ? It 's a little complicated . I 'm not going anywhere . Voyager 's had an encounter with an anomaly . It 's fractured the ship into different time periods . We 're trying to undo the damage , but we need access to that panel . First , she destroys our only way out of the Delta Quadrant , and now you 're collaborating with her ? Try to understand . I 'm from a time period in your future when all of us will be working together . That 's pretty hard to believe . B 'Elanna , I 've never lied to you before , and I 'm not lying now . That woman blamed me for stranding Voyager in the Delta Quadrant . She was angry . But was she right ? You had good reasons for doing what you did . What reasons ? You were trying to save lives . Whose ? An alien culture , the Ocampans . In other words , I 'm going to choose to help strangers at the expense of our own people . It 's not like you to second-guess yourself . In this case , I 'm second-guessing a decision I haven 't made yet . Keep dispensing the netrazine until we run out , then switch to the analeptics . Yes , Lieutenant . How did you get in here ? There isn 't time to explain . What happened to these people ? Radiation poisoning . The EPS relays overloaded when we ran into the anomaly . We need the Doctor and medical supplies , or we 're going to have a lot more casualties . I 'm afraid that isn 't possible right now . Do the best you can . Yes , sir . There 's an access panel in the galley . Coffee , black . How do you know how I like my coffee ? Well , you haven 't changed your standing order in seven years . Thanks , it 's just what I needed . Don 't worry , Captain . You 'll get us out of this . You always do . All done here . Captain . Tuvok ? I am pleased you are here . I didn 't think I would see you again . I want you to know , it has been an honor to serve with you ... and to be your friend . Mr. Paris ! Live long and prosper . Deck 1 1 . I can 't let this happen , not again . What are you talking about ? Voyager getting stranded , all these deaths this entire future- - it 's my fault . I 've got to do something to change it . What do you have in mind ? Maybe we can find a way to modify Seven of Nine 's plan . Put Voyager into temporal sync - with my time frame . - Captain ... Now that I know what 's going to happen , I could avoid getting trapped in the Delta Quadrant in the first place . Halt turbolift . Seven 's plan is dangerous enough . Trying to alter it is too risky . It 's worth the risk . If Seven 's idea works , Tuvok and those other crewmen will be fine . They 'll still be stuck in the Delta Quadrant . If a temporal anomaly doesn 't kill them , something else will- - the Borg , telepathic pitcher plants , macroviruses . The Delta Quadrant is a death trap . What about the Temporal Prime Directive ? To hell with it . With all due respect , it 's a little presumptuous to think you have the right to change everyone 's future . From what I 've seen , they 'll thank me . All you 've seen are bits and pieces . You 're not getting the whole picture . Really ? Just what am I missing ? It 's not what , it 's who . People like Seven of Nine , a Borg drone who 'll become a member of this crew after you help her recover her humanity . Or Tom Paris , a former convict who 'll be our pilot , chief medic and a husband to B 'Elanna Torres . That angry woman I just met ? She 's going to be your Chief Engineer . Two crews , Maquis and Starfleet , are going to become one , and they 'll make as big a mark on the Delta Quadrant as it 'll make on them , by protecting people like the Ocampans , curing diseases , encouraging peace . Children like Naomi and lcheb are going to grow up on this ship and call it home . And we 'll all be following a Captain who sets a course for Earth and never stops believing that we 'll get there . Are you going to be lecturing me like this for the next seven years ? Don 't worry , you 'll always get the last word . In that case , let 's get back to work . So , who is this Seska ? She was a member of my crew who turned out to be a Cardassian spy . She made an alliance with the Kazon and took over the ship . It 's all right , we got it back . Sounds like she 's not going to be as cooperative as the others . I suggest we take a page out of your rule book . We try diplomacy . Fine , but the next page in that book says that when diplomacy fails , we need a backup plan . Something tells me you already have one . We 've already injected the gel packs in the other time frames . That just leaves the ones here . It 's in both our interests to work together . I agree . Let him go . You believe him ? His story is too preposterous to be a lie . I 'll admit , it 's an ingenious solution . I 'm glad you 're cooperating . Oh , I believe in cooperation , as long as it benefits me . You know , it 's true what they say . What 's that ? Men just get more distinguished as they get older . A few lines here , a little gray there . It adds character . Too bad their minds start to go . The last time you were here , you had that nasty head injury and you mumbled something about my taking over the ship five years ago . If that 's true , then you 're from a future time frame , which means that at some point your crew is going to regain control of Voyager . I can 't allow that to happen . Step away from the console . An ingenious plan . It just needs a slight modification . What are you doing ? Recalibrating your pulse to bring the ship into temporal sync with my time frame . That 's not possible . When will you learn to stop underestimating me ? If you make even the slightest miscalculation , you 'll destroy the ship and kill everyone . What other choice do I have ? If I can get Voyager into my own time frame , then I 'll be able to ensure that you never retake the ship . Don 't worry . I won 't hurt you . You can start fresh with me . Sorry . That 's not the future I have in mind . In that case ... Good-bye , Chakotay . It 's too dangerous . There are too many variables . You 're not pleading for your ... Do it . I 'm telling you , you 're endangering your own life . I 'm touched by your concern . Stop . Put down your weapons . Don 't listen to her . Your faithful First Officer isn 't going to let you die . Are you ? Very clever , Chakotay- - inoculating them with your serum . Well , now it 's time to inoculate my people , so we can have access to the rest of the ship . I won 't do that . Then you just lost your Captain . Now drop your weapons . Thanks . Seska and the Kazon are secure in the Jefferies tube . The last gel packs ? They 're ready . The rest of us should return to our sections . After Chakotay initiates the warp pulse , he should find himself back at the moment Voyager encountered the chronokinetic surge . He 's only going to have a few seconds to reset the deflector polarity . If the timeline is restored , the rest of us should have no memory of what 's happened here . So I 'd like to thank you now for putting your doubts aside and helping me put mine aside as well . Good luck to each of you . Mind if I ask you one last question ? Will I have to break the Temporal Prime Directive to answer it ? Maybe ... just a little . For two people who started off as enemies , it seems we get to know each other pretty well . So I 've been wondering ... just how close do we get ? Let 's just say there are some barriers we never cross . See you in the future . Ensign ? Chakotay should be initiating the pulse in ten seconds . Five , four , three , two ... Reroute main power to the deflector and set the polarity to the frequency I 'm inputting . Why ? Have you ever heard of a lightning rod ? In about three seconds , we 're going to need one . What is it ? I don 't know . Main power 's being rerouted to the deflector dish . Who gave that order ? Damage ? The deflector 's been burned out , but we 're okay . Do you mind telling me why B 'Elanna burned out the deflector dish ? Actually , I ordered her to do it . Why ? Trust me , it was better than the alternative . Which was what , exactly ? I can 't tell you . Why not ? The Temporal Prime Directive . B 'Elanna 's already got a team working on repairs . What do you say we finish our dinner ? Forget particle fountains and subspace inversions . There isn 't an anomaly scarier than a thunderstorm on the plains , especially when you 're six years old . I remember watching a bolt of lightning split an oak tree in my grandfather 's yard . I 'd climbed it just a few hours before . Good timing . So what would have happened if you hadn 't turned our deflector dish into a lightning rod ? We 've been down this road before . Have we ? You wanting answers to questions you shouldn 't ask . But something did happen ... outside the normal space-time continuum . It 's strange thinking there 's a piece of your life you don 't know anything about . Sounds a lot like the future . Any predictions ? Only that in a few minutes , this bottle will be empty . Then maybe you should go to the cargo bay and grab another one . How do you know that 's where l keep it ? Oh , I can 't tell you . Why not ? Temporal Prime Directive .
