 I didn 't realize its importance . I 'm inviting the Smalls to come watch me ride in this weekend 's competition . Oh . Well , I take it everything 's good on the father-daughter front . Actually , they 're great . Well , this could actually work out , then . Let 's just say I 'm cautiously optimistic . I keep living my life waiting for the other shoe to drop . You deserve to be happy . Thanks , Clark . Clark , what happened to you ? Story deadline ... ? - Stop me when I 'm getting warm . - My article about the debate team . Chloe I 'm really sorry . I got caught up helping Lana . I 'll get it to you first thing tomorrow . Well , unfortunately , Clark , I needed it tonight . To fill in the hole , I had to blow up the lunch menu to a 60-point type . - I 'm sure that 'll be fascinating . - Chloe , it 's my fault . - I asked Clark to help me . - No , Lana , I don 't blame you . Well , I 'm gonna go lock up in the back . - Thanks again for your help . - Yeah . Chloe , I 'll make it up to you . I promise . I can 't say that makes me feel any better , given your track record on promises . It 's one story , what 's the big deal ? That you couldn 't give up one riding practice to do . - Don 't make this about Lana . - I 'm not . This is about you . And your perennial inability to be there when I need you . - Don 't you think you 're being a little harsh ? - No . I don 't . I 'm never a priority in your life , I 'm always just your backup plan and I 'm tired of it . - That 's ridiculous . - Is it ? If that 's the way you feel , maybe I should quit . Maybe you should . Fine . I quit . Help me get this stuff out of the back ! Right . Hey ! - What do you think you 're doing ? - Get out of here ! Hey ! Hurry up , dude . Hurry up . Okay , let 's go . Let 's go ! I got it . I got it . - How could they do it ? - What , beat the crap out of me ? I 'm sorry , Dad , it just ... It hurt . It actually hurt . - What 'd you tell the police ? - I left beforehand . You witnessed a crime . You have an obligation to report it . And put myself back on Sheriff Adams ' radar ? I don 't think so . What could I tell her , I used my x-ray vision to see the plate ? All right , I understand . Just calm down , what else did you see ? He was wearing a class ring . I think he goes to Smallville High . Just because he has a class ring doesn 't necessarily mean he goes here . I mean , he could be a graduate . Meanwhile , in Lana-land , looks like your ship 's finally come in . - Oh , I mean , we 're ... - " Just friends . " You better invest in a new set of cue cards . I 've never seen her so happy . Well , I wish it was just me , but Lana 's been walking on air since her dad stepped up . Pete , who 's that guy ? You mean Eric Marsh ? You really need to pick up a sports page . All right , Eric , show us what you got . Let 's go , Eric . Step up . All right , give me some heat . - Nice swing . - Yeah . Eric 's got the highest batting average in Smallville High history . He really put the team on the map . Rumor has it they 're getting sponsorship for equipment and uniforms because of him . Not to mention the scouts that have suddenly added a detour to Smallville . Funny thing , though he used to suck . What do you mean ? We played on the same Little League team for five years . He was always a benchwarmer . When did he go from zero to hero ? Not sure . Sometimes you work hard enough , you get your dream . Or he 's under some pharmaceutical enhancement . You thinking steroids ? Right now , I don 't know what to think . Lex . It 's been too long . And I thought we agreed to keep face-to-face contact to a minimum . For business , perhaps . This is a social call . I 've come to offer my congratulations on your engagement . Though I admit , I ... It hurt that I had to learn of your pending nuptials via the gossip pages of the Inquisitor . Come on , Dad . Since when has my personal happiness ever been of the slightest interest to you ? And where is ... - Helen ? ... Helen . Helen 's out of town at a medical seminar . I suspect your visit would be putting her anger management techniques to the test . But then we both know you 're not here to discuss my wedding plans . Oh , what is this ? Oh , Lex , I 'm surprised that you would put stock in the reportage of a high-school newspaper . I usually don 't but I did some checking of my own and lo and behold , it 's true . What are you moving in the middle of the night in unmarked trucks ? Nothing out of the ordinary . I 'd hate to think that you 'd stoop to use common thuggery to get back at me , son . Wait a minute . Are you insinuating that I had something to do with robbing your truck ? Dad . That would be illegal . Legalities are inconsequential . I would want my property returned . For what it 's worth I had nothing to do with it . But the fact that you came this far to ask intrigues me . What 's in there that 's so important to you ? Give my regards to your fiancee . Enjoy . Henry . This is a surprise . Well , I was in the neighborhood . Regular coffee , no additives . And when you come by three times a week you don 't need the excuse . I guess some small part of me is still getting used to all this . What , dropping by for a casual visit with your daughter ? No , entering a business co-owned by Luthor without an injunction in my hand . Thanks . But it 's been worth it . I feel the same way . - What 's this ? - The seating chart for this weekend 's show . They set aside a section for riders ' families . I took a leap and reserved a couple of seats for you and Jennifer . Lana , that was thoughtful . Yes , I 'll definitely be there . But Jennifer won 't . She 's never really accepted me , has she ? She just doesn 't know you like I do . Give her some time , she 'll come around . Pete , check this out . Before Eric 's sudden sports career he was an honors chemistry student with a straight-A average . Guess you don 't get the babes and the free Nikes for that . It says here he was in a chemistry lab explosion at Kansas State University last summer during chemistry camp . That 's probably why he 's got the plate in his head . Yeah , but what 's he doing knocking over a LuthorCorp truck ? I thought you quit the Torch . Just clearing out my desk . Wait a minute , you quit ? Apparently I can 't be counted on . I didn 't even know quitting was an option . Funny . Tough crowd . Hey , I 'll catch up with you later . - Keep me posted on Eric . - Yeah . Marsh ? Why are you guys interested in him ? Doesn 't matter . Clark , I didn 't ask you to quit the Torch . Yeah , but all I do is disappoint you . I didn 't say that . I just said it seems like you drop everything for Lana with no regard for anyone else . I thought this wasn 't about Lana . It 's not . - It 's not . - Every time you see us together you look at me like I 'm cheating on you . I 'm sorry , but if that 's the way you feel maybe we shouldn 't hang out anymore . Tell me it 's working , boys . This stuff 's incredible . Another score and we 'll take it out on the street . Yep , as long as there 's enough for me . I got a major league scout coming to watch me next week . Then you can make the next batch , champ . - Who do we have here ? - Hold him . You 're not going anywhere . Were you following me , Kent ? I know you robbed that truck . You 're pretty smart . But you see , I 'm smart too . I finally found a way to have everything I wanted and nobody is gonna mess that up . You don 't know what you 're doing . Looks like you know about the meteor rock . It 's dangerous . I 've seen what it can do to people . Like get me a multimillion-dollar contract in the majors ? He knows too much . All right , get up . If he goes , our problem goes with him . We don 't know who else he told . Let 's pack up and get out of here . Let 's go , man . Put this in the back . - Clark . Oh , my God , what happened ? - I saw one of the hijackers . He goes to our school . I followed him to the old foundry . They jumped me . Clark , you still couldn 't stop them ? No , I think it has to do with refined kryptonite . They had kryptonite bars , the same ones that were in Lionel 's safe . That 's what they stole from the truck . Clark , what would they be doing with kryptonite ? Melting it down and inhaling it . That 's what 's giving them incredible strength . - Jonathan , we have to bring in the police . - Yeah . - The police can 't do anything . - Clark . Dad , they threw me into a blast furnace . They overpowered me . If there was kryptonite in there , I wouldn 't be here now . We can 't let our concern about your secret intimidate us into silence . Maybe there is another way . Marsh , drop the bat . - What is this ? - I don 't wanna tell you again . Drop the bat . You 're under arrest for assault and armed robbery . - What are you talking about ? - We got a tip , looked through your locker . You can 't without a warrant . Guess again . We don 't need a warrant to look through a student 's locker . The driver , he came to long enough to tell us about the aliens that trashed his truck . Don 't worry , now . You can use your one call to phone home . Okay , the only time you 're ever this quiet is when you 're sleeping . What 's up ? Clark and I decided to put our friendship on an indefinite hiatus . Over one newspaper story ? Let 's just say that certain insurmountable forces finally made us raise the white flag . I 'm sorry . If there 's anything I can do to help ... Who is that ? Jennifer Small . Thanks . - Mrs. Small . - It 's not what you think , Lana . I don 't know what you mean . I am not cheating on my husband . I know that 's what you thought . But the man you saw me with was just an old friend of mine from college . Why are you telling me this ? - I wasn 't gonna say anything to Henry . - He also happens to be my divorce attorney . Divorce ? Henry never mentioned anything . That 's because he doesn 't know . At least , not yet . Why are you divorcing him ? Lana , I 've learned to handle a lot in this marriage but that 's because through it all , I knew I was Henry 's priority . Since he met you I am not sure that 's true anymore . - I never meant to come between you . - But you did . Lana , you are all he talks about . You 're a window to a happier time . I guess I am telling you this because I 'm admitting defeat . You win . Mrs. Small , I don 't want to win . Goodbye , Lana . - So much for an interview . - I admire your dedication . Though I suspect the hospital might not be quite so understanding . Mr. Luthor . What are you doing here ? Paying a bedside visit to a loyal employee . It 's Miss Sullivan , isn 't it ? You know who I am ? I 've followed your work at the Torch for some time . Given today 's front-page scoop , I assume you came hoping Mr. O 'Connor would confirm his connection with LuthorCorp . I think you just did that for him . It was never a secret . Unlike the now-missing contents of your truck . On or off the record ? The police report says robbery , but no one 's been able to find anything . We were moving some industrial material . It 's nothing important . Somebody sure went to a lot of trouble to get to it . Oh , it 's a competitive world , you know that . Corporate sabotage is just one of the costs of doing business . - Mr. Luthor ... - Miss Sullivan , I admire your zeal and your work at the Torch is exemplary but trust me . You 're looking for a mystery where there 's none to be found . Clark . Are you okay ? I got blind-sided yesterday by a couple of guys . Guess I 'm still a little shaken up . What happened , did you get hurt ? I 'll survive . It was more of a wrong place , wrong time kind of thing . I know the feeling , at least metaphorically speaking . I ran into Jennifer Small today . Found out that she 's filing for divorce from Henry and I 'm the reason . That 's intense . - Have you talked to Henry about it ? - What can I do without making it worse ? He should know what 's going on , there might be a chance to salvage his marriage . Sounds like you should be taking your own advice . I hear you and Chloe are calling it quits . That 's different . - Why ? - I can 't just sit here and watch Chloe get hurt over and over when I can 't do anything about it . What 's so bad that 's come between you two like this ? Well ... I wish I could make it go away . - You can 't . - You and Chloe have been friends forever . You can 't just let that go without a fight . At least the Clark Kent I know wouldn 't . If your father sent you , I had nothing to do with the robbery . No , no , my father doesn 't know I 'm here . I 'm sure his representatives will be around , though . No , I came to talk about your future . - What do you care ? - I checked into your baseball career . I understand there 's interest from some big league scouts . Yeah , there 's more than just interest . All right ? There 's college reps , there 's agents . This is just a bump in the road . Two felony charges with bail set at a quarter of a million dollars . I 'd say more like a brick wall , wouldn 't you ? - Why , do I look scared ? - You look guilty . And if a jury agrees , you can kiss all that talent and promise goodbye . Like I told the cops , I didn 't do it . Well , I guess you have nothing to worry about . But if the charges stick you might need a friend . All right , what is it that you want ? I want to know what you stole out of my father 's truck . Well , assuming that I even have a clue what you 're talking about what 's in it for me ? Chloe , what happened ? Go away , Clark . Are you okay ? Physically , yeah , I 'm fine . Emotionally what do you care ? I want to help . We 'll get the Torch back on its feet . There is no " we " anymore , Clark . There 's only me . And this paper was my whole life . It was the one place I could come to when everyone and everything let me down and now I don 't even have that anymore . - Where are you going ? - To find a friend . Chloe . Hey , Kent , I heard the paper 's not gonna press . Did you do this ? I don 't know how the hell you got out of that fire , but you 'd better back off . What are you doing out of jail ? Seems I 've got friends in higher places that I didn 't even know about and suddenly you 're not so anonymous . I 'll testify to put you away . Oh , no , I 'd think about that , Kent . I know you 're unbreakable , but people that you care about aren 't . I 'd sure hate to think something happened to those wholesome parents of yours . Clark . Clark . Your mother . How 's Mom doing ? She 's got some minor cuts and bruises . I still want to get her checked out . This pregnancy doesn 't need any more complications . I should 've been there , Dad . - You couldn 't have done anything . - Still . I 'm not gonna let you beat yourself up about this . What happens if they come back ? You and Mom should go away , until this settles down . I have never run away from a single thing in my life and I 'm not about to start now . Look around , look what they did to this place . You said I can 't protect you . You have to think about Mom , about the baby . I am thinking about Mom , I am thinking about the baby . I 'm also thinking about you . Dad , please . Please . I 'll take your mother to a doctor in Metropolis and maybe stay with your grandfather for a couple days . Son , I 'd feel a whole hell of a lot better if you 'd agree to come with us . I can 't . I 'm not gonna stand here and ask you to do nothing because you and I both know that I would not do nothing . But I want you to remember something , son . They have your strength but they don 't have any of your other abilities . You make sure you give yourself a fighting chance . - Lex . - I gotta let you go . I just found out that you visited Eric Marsh in jail . Were you the one to bail him out ? I wasn 't aware my visit was public knowledge . What 's Marsh have to do with you ? I was the one who phoned in the anonymous tip . Him and his buddies nearly killed my parents yesterday . - Are they all right ? - They 're in Metropolis , it 's not safe at home . I heard your father 's back . - Lf this is some sick game between you ... - It 's no game . Clark , that truck was carrying a load of highly refined meteor rocks . If I 'm not mistaken , I think my father 's resumed his Level 3 experiments . What does that have to do with Marsh ? Look , I bailed him out , hoping he 'd provide answers . Maybe he 'd lead me to the meteor rock . Where is he ? I don 't know . He beat up a security guard I had on him . There 's gotta be a way to draw him out . Clark , I don 't have anything Marsh wants . Except for the meteor rocks . Marsh has a connection inside LuthorCorp that tells him when the shipments go out . If he thinks your father 's bringing another load out ... I still have contacts at my father 's firm . They could let the word out . The truck will be empty when Marsh hits . My security team will be all over them . I 've seen what Eric can do . You have to get the police on this . Just go home , Clark . I don 't want you or your parents involved any more than they already are . Once Marsh and his friends have the truck , give them a lot of room . Nobody does anything until they lead us to the meteor rock . We 're set , Mr. Luthor . The truck 's getting ready to move . Wait for my signal before you start following . Nobody moves without my direct order ... Change of plans . Okay , I 've got the van . Get ready to make the switch . Anybody follow you ? I didn 't see anyone , but we 'd better hurry . Luthor 's bound to have it bugged . How 's it feel , Clark ? Eric , don 't do this . You don 't understand , Kent . It 's done . That 's all of it . At least for now . Hey , Lex . Clark , how are your parents doing ? Just fine . They got home from Metropolis last night . - That must be a relief . - Yeah . Eric 's arrested , so it looks like your plan came off without a hitch . So it seems . The intriguing thing is , my people had nothing to do with it . - Then who did ? - No one knows . Marsh and his friends aren 't talking but they were found unconscious and the meteor rocks are still unaccounted for . Who do you think has them ? I have my suspicions . Lana . - Hey . - Hey , Henry . Thanks for coming . Your message said something regarding the horse show . I hope you 're still planning to ride . To be honest , I 'm not sure . I don 't understand , I thought you were really looking forward to this weekend . I was . Believe me . But I think it 's more important that you spend this time with Jennifer . Lana , she told me you two talked . If this is because of something she said ... No , I came into your life out of nowhere and dropped a bomb on your family . I didn 't know how our relationship was going to work out , but after a rocky start I finally know that you love me . I don 't want to lose that . I don 't know what Jennifer told you , but things between us aren 't that bad . Henry , she 's hiring an attorney . What ? You need to talk to her , tell her how you feel . Whatever happens after that is up to you . You 're my daughter , I just can 't walk away from that . You 're not . I 'll always be here . But right now , I think Jennifer needs you more . Hey , Dad , how 's Mom ? You 'll be happy to know that both mother and child got a clean bill of health . - Good . - Look , son , I wanted to tell you ... Hi , Lana . - I 'm proud of you . - Thanks . - Miss Lang . - Mr. Kent . You must be here for Donatello . I 'll saddle him up . No , I 'm not practicing , Clark . In fact , I think I might drop out of the show . I take it things with Henry didn 't go so well . I told him I 'd always be his daughter but we should put our relationship on hold until his marriage gets back on track . - Wow . - Yeah . How are things with Chloe ? I went to go talk to her but this whole Torch thing put her over the edge . She told me to go away . You two will work through this , Clark . I hope so . - I miss her already . - I know what you mean . I think we should remain cautiously optimistic that each of us will get a second chance . You know who 's really the loser in all this ? Donatello . Poor horse worked so hard and now he can 't even strut his stuff . I guess I can 't disappoint him . Besides , I wanted to share this with someone special and I still am . You 're still going , aren 't you , Clark ? You can count on me . Miss Sullivan . - Mr. Luthor . - Your principal told me you might be here . I hope I 'm not interrupting you . No . No , I mean I 've never entertained a billionaire before . You 'll have to excuse the destruction . - I was recently vandalized . - So I heard . By the same men who hijacked my truck , I think . Actually there 's still a question . Eric Marsh owned up to the robbery of the truck and the assault but he said he didn 't have anything to do with the Torch . I mean , why confess to the heavy crimes and deny that ? Well , it 's not easy to understand the criminal mind . What 's this ? This is an interesting display . I call it the Wall of Weird . I 'll come to the point , Miss Sullivan . I 'd like to help you rebuild . I 've instructed the LuthorCorp foundation to make a donation to your school the fund specifically earmarked toward rebuilding and updating the journalism department . Mr. Luthor , I 'm confused . I mean , the struggling editor in me wants to just leave it at " thank you " but the journalist in me has to ask , why ? I 'm impressed with your willingness to explore alternative ideas , options . You interned at the Daily Planet this summer , didn 't you ? Yeah . I have a little influence there . They certainly could use some new blood . Maybe a column to introduce your unique point of view . I don 't want to look a gift horse in the mouth but I don 't understand why the most powerful man in this city is helping me . We 're after the same thing , Miss Sullivan . The truth . You know , journalists are the midwives of history . Perhaps with my help , we could make history together .
