 Previously on The 4400 : We 're not sure what 's just happened . There appears to be something out there . The light is gone , and , and thousands of people have just suddenly appeared . Diana Skouris , Tom Baldwin . You two will be one of the teams that 's responsible for investigating what happened to the returnees . We 're letting them go . We 're letting them go ? We don 't have a legal right to hold them . Shawn ! Why disappear a little girl from the 1940s , hold her for 60 years , and then send her back with the ability to predict the future ? What were they thinking ? " They " ? We don 't even know if there is a " they . " Whoever sent them back , you 're saying they , they planned for these changes to take place ? You 're talking about some kind of ripple effect . I wasn 't pregnant when I was abducted , but I was when I got back . You haven 't told your counselor about this , have you ? My foundation has an opening in the security dertment . If you 're intereed , why don 't you come by tomorrow and see me ? I 'll be there . Despite nationwide protests , Homeland Security refuses to divulge the names or the whereabouts of the 4400 living here in the United States . What you do isn 't journalism . You 're getting ithe way of my job , Barbara . Well , what are you going to do , disappear me ? About last night ... The kiss ? And other things . We 've kind of got a lot to talk about . I was reviewing Kyle 's EEG readout . It seems last Thursday night , he had a momentary burst of increased brain activity . Shawn , did you do something to him ? Talk to me . How long have I been in the dark ? Kyle ? So far , the test results have been inconclusive . But there must be something we 're missing . People don 't simply regain consciousness after three years in a coma for no reason . Honestly , we don 't care why this happened , right , Tom ? We 're just glad to have Kyle back . You 've been poking and prodding him for more than a week . When can we take him home ? I don 't see why you can 't do it now . That 's wonderful . Well , there is something else . Patients like Kyle often have difficulty adjusting to their awakenings . They do best in environments as similar as possible to what those they were in before their comas . In every detail . The places , the people ... Hey , come on . Why are we here ? We thought you 'd be happier at home . Then why take me here ? Kyle , this is your home . And this is your room , Kyle . It 's just the way you left it . Okay . Whoa , whoa , whoawhoa . I got you . This isn 't my room . And this isn 't my house . Kyle , Kyle . Kyle ? Wha-what are you looking for , buddy , huh ? What are you looking for ? Maybe we can help . Kyle , Kyle , talk to us . What is he doing ? Whatever it is , I say we just let him work it out . But he doesn 't recognize the house , or his room . Linda , the doctor told us he 'd be disoriented . I 'm glad you 're moving back in . I 'll try to stay out of your way as much as I can . Yeah . Oh , come on , Jordan , aren 't you overreacting ? No , I 'm not , not at all . Publishing the names and addresses of the 4400 - it , it 's a crime , Barbara . It 's a violation of the , uh , privacy of over 4,0 people , and whoever did it should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law . So , you 're saying that warning people that they might be living next to a public menace is a crime ? I don 't think ... We don 't want an Shawn , it 's your uncle . Let me in . Uncle Tommy . Hey , Shawn . Come to take the to ? Quite a procession out there . Yup . They started driving by the house the day my address and name swed up on the net . And they haven 't stopped since . Yay for us . Well , I know this is hard for you , Shawn . I just ... I just stopped by to say thank you . You know , we took Kyle home yesterday , and , um , I 'm gteful . He 's doing good , right ? Yeah . He 's got a lot of work ahead of him , but ... he 's awake . Aunt Linda- - does she know ? About what I did , I mean ? No , I figured you wouldn 't want that . Truth is , Uncle Tommy ... I don 't know what happened . I put my hands on him , that 's it . He woke up . He woke up , and I don 't know why . See , Shawn , this , this thing that you can do- - whatever it is , we need to learn more about it . Well , how ? How ? What , I could go into quarantine again ? They can study me some more ? No , because I 'm done with all that- - with the hypnosis and the dream journals and the counseling sessions . I hear , I hear you . But I can be an ally . Maybe I can help you . I don 't think so , Uncle Tommy . That was some movie . Biggest screen I ever saw . A-d the sound , and all those , uh , uh ... Special effects . Yes . So , did you like it ? Not really . But it sure did look good . Down ! The genie is definitely out of the bottle Three different bombings in one day . Yeah , each targeting the 4400s whose addresses were made public . Wait a second . Pipe bomb , tripwire trigger . That 's about as basic as you can get . Amateur . Diana , I just found part of the casing . Mm-hmm . It 's beautiful . Shawn 's name is on that list . I had my sister upgrade her security system , but ... Yeah , I 'm worried about Maia , too . You ever think about bringing her back into quarantine until this blows over ? Yeah , I 've thought about it . I 've even talked it over with her . She started crying . She wants to stay with me , Tom . I 'm gladt 's working out . Who would have thought ? How 's Kyle adjusting to being back home ? He 's still pretty weak . His memory 's a mess , but he 's out of that damn hospital . What 's his doctor think ? He 's stunned , just like us . Look , it 's a miracle . I don 't know any other way of putting it . What about Shawn ? What about him ? Where was he ... when Kyle woke up ? I have no idea . All three bombs so far were identical in design and composition . Pipe casings , tripwire triggers . I did a chemical analysis of the explosive . It 's homemade plastique basically boiled down fr bleach . You get the recipe on the Internet . Just like the list of victims . I 'd like to get my hands on whoever leaked those names . Come on , Tom . Who do you think leaked them ? Barbara Yates . You 're ... damn right it was Yates . It 's just her style . Cheap , inflammatory , and dangerously irresponsible . I 'll handle Yates . Meanwhile , I want you two to back-trace hits on every website that published these bomb recipes . We 'll have the results soon . So will I. You own this entire complex ? 80 homes . Once we have this place off the ground , I 'm planning developments in Chicago and in Los Angeles . I intend to provide a safe haven for any 4400 in this country who needs one . We 're opening a little sooner than I had planned , but the bombings have made that necessary . You do think big , don 't you ? I 'm a businessman . But I 've been given a second chance to do something with my life besides make money . Because right now , that 's just not enough . Or maybe I 'm just having a mid-life crisis . 93 Tomberra Lane . What do you think ? Oh , they 're beautiful . They 're all beautiful . Well , it 's yours . You 'll be our first official residents . Oh , we can 't afford a house right now . Consider it a gift . For the two of you , and your new baby . It 's a small world . You did it , didn 't you ? Kyle waking up ? That was you . You fixed him , just like you fixed my hand . Have you told Danny ? No , and I don 't want you to , either . But maybe if he knew what you d , he 'd ... stop thinking of you as ... monster ? I 've been doing some thinking ... This thing between Danny and me ... maybe it was a mistake . I don 't want to hear this . It 's not your fault . I mean that . Danny 's sweet . I like him , but ... that 's all . Well , he more than likes you . I know . Dennis Ryland ? Yeah . How are you doing ? I 'm Warren Lytell . I believe Home Sec in DC mentioned I was coming . Oh , yeah , they warned me . Right . Well , they 're never happy . They seem to think your department needs to be a little more aggressive investigating the 4400 . I 'm just here to see if I can 't nudge things along . The authority to review all 4400 case files , access to all meetings and briefing sessions , permission to with field agents at your discretion . It 's a pretty broad mandate . Well , they 're looking at five murders , three unsolved bombings , Barbara Yates bashing us all over the airwaves . It seems to them you could use a little bit of help . I suppose it could look that way from a conference room in DC . I gotta tell you , Dennis , it looks that way from everywhere except this glass tower of yours . I have a thousand returnees within 75 miles of Seattle . I 've got about two dozen agents to ride herd on all of them . You want to help me ? Get me some more personnel . You want to help me ? Get DC off my back . But you 're not really here to help me , are you , Warren ? No . I 'm here to clean up your mess . The hell you are . Where 'd they recruit you from ? FBI ? NSA ? It doesn 't matter where I came from . How long you been in public service ? 15 , 16 years ? And suddenly you got a shot at a command of your own . Now you come and take it from me ... if you can . Kyle , what 's going on ? They 're lies . What do you mean ? These pictures . I don 't belong in them . These people . I don 't know them . No , no , no , of course you do . Look , wait , wait , wait . Look , th is you at the zoo with Grandma Fran when you were eight . Remember ? And , and , uh , and this is your birthday party when you turned ten . You remember George ? He was my friend . That 's right . That 's right . That 's right . And Freddy , Freddy , you have to remember Freddy . Freddy was over here all the time when you were little , remember ? Bugs Bunny . That 's right . Exactly , the kid was crazy about cartoons . Don 't , don 't . Don 't touch me . I 'm sorry . I-I 'm trying to help . It 's not my memory . You 're my father . I recognize you , but I don 't know who you are . It 's like you ' a stranger . Kyle , Kyle , Kyle . Kyle , look . Just look at me . Just look ate . Just look at me . I need ... I need ... Just look at me . I need ... I need help . I want to help you . I want to . Why can 't you help me ? I 'm trying . I 'm trying . I 'm trying . Yeah the ripple effect . What about it ? Every time we stop by the Theory Room , you and Marco are always talking about how every case we work , there 's a ripple effect . Yeah , every case but the Friday Harbor murders . But what if these bombings are that ripple ? The thing we couldn 't figure out about Knox is he went from killing prostitutes before his disappearance to killing just random women once he came back . What if they weren 't random ? at 's interesting . Yeah , we should start looking into Knox 's victims . See if we can find out some kind of connection there . I can 't condone these bombings , but I do understand the fear that motivates them . The easiest way to stop these acts of violence is to put the 4400 somewhere out of harm 's way , someplace safe for them and for us . Now , I know to some of you that may sound harsh , heartless even . And I assure you I don 't mean it to be . Just as I assure you that there are those among the 4400 who would jump at the chance to find sanctuary ... Truck 's ready to go . Won 't be happy till we torch them all . They can all burn in hell . Hey , I was listening to that . I 'm sick of listening to it . She 's on our side , man . That woman is a parasite , all right ? She doesn 't give a damn about us , or that our sister was murdered by one of those 4400 bastards , okay ? Why don 't you go unload the fertilizer , huh ? And leave the air filter on . These damn fumes are killing me . Kyle ? Kyle ? Hey . Mm . Hey . It 's good to see you , man . What are you doing ... what are you doing sitting out here in the rain ? What are you staring at ? Listen , you 're looking pretty good . The way your folks talk , I thought you 'd be some kind of zombie . They w 't leave me alone . Asking me questions , staring at me all the time . They 're just glad to have you back . My mom did the exact same thing to me . My parents had you come here , didn 't they ? To try to make me remember ? No , Kyle . Hey ... I 'm going inside . I 've got reading to do . You 've got reading to do ? Kyle . Comen , man , I just gotere . Look at you . I could have bought a car in my day for the price of this suit . How 's it going ? Ah , we got a lot of work to do . Five families moved in today . Seven more by the end of the week . Got a half a mile of property line to shore up . The fences are too short , overhanging trees along the perimeter . Along the perimeter ? Mm-hmm . Well , as long as you 're on the job I feel safe , and so does the baby . Two happy residents . That 's a start . It has been a crazy day . No . Myssistant 's out . My phone sheet is , it 's a mile long . I never got to the end of it . Anyway , I ... Ms. Yates , Dennis Ryland would like to speak with you . Dennis . What a pleasant surprise . Well , this is a bit theatrical , don 't you think ? Read this . What is it ? It 's a story . A good one . About the 4400 ? No , about a TV talking head that was involved in an automobile accident last year . A hit and run , actually . It was really ugly . The pedestrian she hit died instantly . It was a shame . Just 40 years old , father of three . No wonder she spent so much money covering it up . So , you blackmailing me , Dens ? I shut up about the 4400 and this envelope goes away in a vault somewhere ? Not good enough , Barbara . What do you want me to do ? It 's too late for you to do anything . I gave you a chance and you refused . Steve Smizik from the DA 's office wants to talk to you . He 's gonna charge you with vehicular manslaughter , among other things . Look , face it . Shutting me up is not gonna make the 4400 disappear from the headlines . And eventually , they will cost you your job . We 'll see . Good-bye , Barba . Do you really think this is the wisest move to make under the circumstances , Mr. Collier ? All these 4400s in the same place ? You 're a hell of a target . There are always potential dangers , but that 's why I hired the security team . Mr. Tyler , I know you 're trying to protect your family , but you have to realize that by staying here you could be putting urself in serious danger . Maybe . But you know , I was born in 1922 ... in Missouri . And my skin was as black then as it is now . So I 've had to worry about fire bombings and lynchings and beatings my entire life . If there 's anything I learned , it 's this : eventually , a man 's got to take a stand . I 'm making mine right here . * To your old friend * * You don 't want to know * * How do you then * * Come back * * To your new friend * * When you don 't nt to leave ? * * Crazy times ahead * * Kee me running every day ... * Because he had a sprained ankle . The other side . Maia . How 'd you do today ? Miss Skouris , can we talk , please ? Well , give us a sec , can you ? I know I 'm late again ... Please just understand . I 'm afraid you can 't bring Maia back to school anymore . It 's ... We have to consider the safety of the other students . Has Maia been a problem ? No , not at all . Maia 's lovely . But it 's the bombings . With Maia 's name on that list , we can 't risk having her here at school . I 'm sorry . I understand . I 'm sorry , Maia . We 'll , we 'll find someplace else . I promise . It 'll be okay . No , it 's not okay . It 's wrong . No , I mean ... Someone 's coming who 'll make everything better . We just have to wait a little longer . Oh . It got too warm . Come on , let look pretty . Well , don 't you want to look pretty ? That 's better . Is that a blasting cap ? It 's a commercial detonator , which means it 'll be a lot easier to trace than a bottle of bleach . We need to send it to the lab . We need serial numbers , lot numbers . A purchaser would be nice . What do you have on the victim ? Uh ... Mary Deneville , 27 years old . The flower shop is her father 's . She disappeared in 1999 , but picked up her life right where she left off . Until today . Are the 4400 that frightening to people ? I mean , are we just too close , so we don 't see it ? Something like this isn 't fear . This is hate , pure and simple . Baldwin . Right now ? What ? We have to go in . Nikki ? Shawn . There 's something I need to tell you . I know . I saw you and Danny talking yesterday . I just ... want to make one thing clear . Me breaking up with Danny has nothing to do with you . Okay ? Okay . Did you ever feel like you just ... wanted to get away from your life for awhile ? I did that for three years . I don 't recommend it . You know what I mean . Yeah . Find a quiet place where you can pretend that ... things are simple , that nobody 's angry at you , or hurt ... or sad . I know just the spot . Come on , I 'll take you . Yeah ? Yeah . Ok . I 've been studying your case files . Now , you 're the first investigative team that I 've talked to , but it seems like you two are the right place to begin . Where do you want to start- - Orson Bailey , Oliver Knox ? How about Maia Rutledge ? Age eight , disappeared in ' 46 . Well , what about her ? Well , it says in here that her foster parents returned her to quarantine , no reason given . Then there 's all these reports of her making predictions- - ones that come true . Next thing you know , she 's been removed from quarantine by one of our field agents . I believe it goes on to say " for further study . " But you haven 't filed any other reports , though , have you ? All of this was approved by Ryland . I , uh , I don 't see what the problem is . Next case - Shawn Farrell , age 17 , disappeared in April of 2001 . It 's a little thin , isn 't it , Tom ? Why don 't you accuse us of whatever it is you 're going to accuse us of and let us get back to work ? You two are good field agents , but it was a mistake to allow two people with such obvious conflicts of interest to remain on the 4400 investigation . This is not a conflict of interest . It is a unique perspective . It is a window into these people 's lives . You have a gang task force , you want people on it who know gangs . Same thing here . We know the 4400 better than any other agents in the country . That 's why we belong on these cases . That 's a nice spin . Is this what Ryland thinks ? Is that who you 're after - Ryland ? You know what 's ironic ? The Northwest Division used to be a backwater . It was given to Ryland like a pat on the back for a career of good service . A nice quiet place where he could ride out his last few years before retirement . But his free ride ended the night the 4400 showed up by that lake . Now , there 's going to be a change around here whether you like it or not . You can either be part of it , or you can get swept aside . Lily Moore is here to see you . Send her in . Lily . What can I do for you ? Um ... yeah . Chilean sea bass ? Tenderloin medallions ? Lobster sushi ? Jordan , I-I just asked if I could use the common area for our support group meeting . I didn 't mean for you to ... cater it like a black tie dinner . Lily , people want to eat , whether they 're wearing tuxedos or not . It 's going to be a really emotional night . I mean , these people are like me . Their mily reunions didn 't turn out as planned . It 's all paid for . Did anyone ever tell you you 're a bit of a control freak ? Once or twice . Or that the way you throw money at people might make them question what you want in return ? That sounds awfully serious . Lily , if I 've done anything to make you uncomfortable ... Oh , it 's just , um ... you go so far out of your y to make sure I 'm taken care of . You give me more than I 've thought about or ... asked for or neede You know I 'm in love with Richard , right ? Lily Moore , you are a blunt woman , and I find that attractive , which I know was not your intent . Look , why would I try to break up you and Richard ? One , I smart enough to know I 'd fail . Two ... I just tould never do that . Lily , thanks for coming by . And I hope your support group enjoys the lobster . Yeah , it 's the William Wayne Construction Company . That 's who bought the blasting caps . Okay , good . Check their employee list with the names we found from the Knox case . Yeah , I 'm already onto it . I 'll call you back if I find your ripple . Thanks . How is he ? You better see for yourself . What are you doing , buddy ? I 'm looking . For what ? For me . This is the spot ? Yup . Me and 4,399 of my closest friends popped out of a ball of light right about here . It 's so pretty . I wonder why they sent you back here . I mean , why not on the White House lawn , or ... in the middle of Times Square ? I don 't know . Maybe they just appreciate a good view . You think ? I have no idea . You 're such a jerk . What , you 're just figuring that out now ? Hey , let me see this . What are you doing ? Doctor 's follow-up . Just ... It looks good . * I want to make you feel beautiful ... * I keep thinking you 're still 14 . * I know I tend to get so insecure * I 'm not . I know . * It doesn 't matter anymore * * I don 't mind spending every day * * Out on your corner in the pouring rain * * Look for the girl with the broken smile * * And ask her if she wants to stay a while * * And she will * * Be loved * * And she will * * Be loved * * And she will * * Be loved * * And she will * * Be loved ... * Tom ? I found something . What do you got ? Gone . We got fertilizer . And tire tracks . They got a truck bomb . The tire prints matched up to phone company service trus . So , we pulled their personnel records and found one Dean Keating . Keating ? As in Gayle Keating , Friday Harbor murder victim ? Dean 's her older brother . Not only that , Gayle 's younger brother Glen works construction , and on his last job , the company wound up short two dozen blasting caps . So , one of the returnees kills their sister , and these guys get their revenge . Yeah , and the 4400 go from being a threat to being sympathetic victims . The ripple effect . All right , put out an A.P.B. on the Keating 's truck , and you better not let that truck get to where it 's going . Come on , come on , where are you ? Mr. Tyler , we 're looking for a truck mb . You need to be on high alert . Understood . Thanks . We 're running out of tim There - truck number 85 . That vehicle 's assigned to Dean Keating , and it 's headed north on ... Aurora ... heading into Richmond Highlands . We need a list of all the 4400s in Richmond Highlands . There 's only one 4400 living in that area . It 's Tom 's nephew . Tom , hold up . Operations , patch me through to that phone number again . This is the Farrell residence . We 're noin . You know the drill . Susan , Shawn , Danny , it 's me again . If you can hear this , get out of the house now ! Is anyone there ? There it is , the number 85 . Get us down , now ! Put your hands where I can see them ! Now ! Get out of theruck ! Get your hands where we can see them ! What the hell ? Shut up ! Stay down ! You 're not Keating . Where 's Dean Keating ? ! He didn 't come into work today . No explosives ! The truck 's clean , Tom . They switched vans ! He 's not Keating ! Come on ! Let 's go ! We got the wrong van . Recheck all principal targets . Report anything suspicious . We got a twelve-foot step van parked near Collier 's housing complex . No plates , new paint job . That 's what the phone company uses . Patch us through to Collier 's development . Use any line you can find . Nothing . All the phones are dead . Code red , main gate . There they are . Get me over there . Go ! Set it ! Go ! Hands on your head ! Hands on your head ! Down , down , wn , down ! On your stomach , now ! You 're being arrested as a terrorist . You will be treated as an enemy combatant . You do not have the right to remain silent . You do not have the right to an attorney . And whatever you say will damn sure be used against you . Dr. Mayhew ? I 'm Warren Lytel from Homeland Security . I need to ask you a few questions about Kyle Baldwin . Tom ? Tom , you have to come . You have to come quick . Just come on . Kyle ... what are you doing ? I know what 's wrong with me . I finay understand . What is it , Kyle ? Tell me . There 's only onexplanation . Why I remember everything , but can 't feel anything . Why all the people in my life seem like strangers . They 're not the strangers . I am . I 'm not Kyle Baldwin .
