 - Let 's go ! - Let 's go . All right . You boys eat your vegetables or I 'll do the same to you . Hot meat , señor . How 's the roast beef . Where 's our illustrious communications officer ? Hey , Ed . What gives with the- - What the hell are you doing ? ! That 's enough ! Ed . Oh , man . Now you 've gone and done it . Am I interrupting anything , Agent Mulder ? Nothing you 'd be too terribly interested in , Agent Doggett . Agent Mulder , what are you doing down here ? I 'm looking into the recent death of an oil worker . Yeah , I got a heads-up on it from you a couple of days ago . That 's what I 'm doing here . Agent Mulder , I understand that you had more than just a proprietary interest in these cases , but I can 't help it if you 're not assigned to this unit anymore . I didn 't see any reason to pursue this oil worker case . Well , maybe you missed the fact that this victim 's corpse washed ashore at Port Aransas , Texas . Massive flash burns on 90 percent of his body . I read the report , Agent Mulder , if you 're insinuating I didn 't . Then you must also know that this man was not the only man to disappear from the Galpex-Orpheus platform that night , but one of two men . The communications officer is also missing . The company attributes that to an explosion on the rig- - a " blowout " - - ... which is what they say caused Simon de la Cruz 's burns . Burns the M.E. said in his report were not inconsistent to exposure to high levels of radiation . " Not inconsistent . " That 's not exactly what I 'd call a ringing endorsement . These files include the same kind of radiation phenomena . - Tissue destroyed by exposure to- - - Black oil . Five years ago you and Agent Scully investigated a case of a World War II plane salvaged from the bottom of the Pacific Ocean where a substance was brought to the surface which you describe as a highly contagious virus of extraterrestrial origin that has radioactive properties and can take over a man 's body and is part of an alien conspiracy to colonize the planet , if I 'm not mistaken . And you 'd love to help , but you left your light saber at home . How 'd you get stuck down here , Agent Doggett ? Kersh catch you peeing in his corn flakes ? John Doggett . The Deputy Director is waiting , Agent Doggett . Yeah , I was just on my way up . Why didn 't you tell me that you were pursuing this Texas oil worker case ? Because I 'm not . Well , there 's an exec here from the oil company who says that he was contacted by a man in our office . No , that 'd be Agent Mulder . What are you talking about ? I 'm going to let him answer that . Just like old times . Now it 's all making sense . Tough crowd . Mr. Ortega , this is Special Agent Fox Mulder the person you spoke to on the phone , I believe . Mr. Ortega is Vice President of Operations for Galpex Petroleum out of Galveston , Texas . I believe we did speak , yeah . There 's also confusion about who spoke to certain government officials who seem to think the FBI is running an investigation into the accident . That would 've been me as well , sir and that was in the best interests of the FBI and Mr. Ortega , I believe . Mr. Ortega would beg to differ . As would I. You 've complicated an already sensitive situation , Agent Mulder . Galpex Petroleum has discovered what we think may be a massive new oil province beneath the Gulf of Mexico- - One that would give a huge advantage financially and politically to whoever gets to drill it . Who else are we talking about ? U.S. territorial waters cover the northern half of the Gulf . Our wells are on our side , but the field may spread well to the south . The government of Mexico could claim it 's theirs . This incident has nothing to do with that whatsoever . It 's about the unexplained death of Simon de la Cruz . Simon de la Cruz was a Mexican national killed in a U.S. business enterprise . They 'd like nothing better than to use his death to get us to abandon the Orpheus rig so they can be the first to drill the province . Leaving me no choice now but to conduct a criminal investigation quickly and quietly to take away any legal position that would affect American interests . A criminal investigation is not going to clear up anything . You 've done more than enough , Agent Mulder , thank you . I don 't think you know exactly what you 're dealing with here , sir . - No , I think I do , Agent . - This is an X-File . And I 'm sending someone from the X-Files to investigate . You 're talking about an oil rig that 's 150 miles out at sea . - You can 't send a pregnant woman . - I 'm not sending Agent Scully . GULF OF MEXICO 26 HOURS LATER Yuri Volkoff , your new communications specialist . - You bring your new gear ? - Yes , it 's in there . - John Doggett , Special Agent . - Who ? - From the Bureau . - FBI , you say ? Yeah . Someone told you I was coming , I hope . No , just the new comm equipment . You got radio problems ? No one told you about me coming ? We still got ship-to-shore . But when they gave us the message , it said just one agent was coming . Right . I 'm the one agent . Well , then , who 's the guy that got here this morning ? The one in talking with our crew chief right now ? Agent Mulder . - Can I have a word with you ? - Will you give me a minute ? I 'm just getting filled in on the details of this investigation . Why don 't you pull up a seat and introduce yourself and Mr. Taylor won 't have to repeat himself . Bo Taylor . I was on deck watch the night this thing went down . Go on , Mr. Taylor . Men can go off the deep end out here . It 's like a cabin fever of sorts . They 're hundreds of miles away from their family and their friends six weeks at a stretch . Some of them might just as well be doing hard time . So how 's that figure with the victim , Simon de la Cruz ? Well , mestizos are usually the most reliable men I know on the drill floor . But Simon just lost his nut , I guess . It 's the only good explanation . Simon de la Cruz 's body was found with flash burns . What 's that got to do with him going off the deep end ? Well , hell , he tried to blow the whole damn rig . I mean , it was sabotage pure and simple . He knocked the cock off a gas valve and he must 've sparked it because it went faster than a Friday paycheck . - What about the second victim ? - Communications chief , wasn 't he ? Probably never knew what hit him . What 's the communications chief doing on the drilling floor ? A man can die out here , sir , just going for a walk . Probably what happened when it blew . Nobody even knew he was gone till the shift change . Well , I guess that 's it- - in a nutshell . Thank you , Mr. Taylor . Agent Mulder . Agent Mulder ! Don 't walk away when I 'm talking to you . Like it or not , I 've been assigned this case . One call to the Deputy Director and you 're canned for insubordination . How 're you going to call when the radio 's broken ? Hey , don 't push me , Agent Mulder . - You won 't do it . - You think ? We 're both in the same boat , Agent Doggett we 're just paddling in different directions . No , we 're not going in different directions here . We 're going in one direction : my direction . I don 't think Kersh expects you to come back empty-handed on this one . And since you 've already told me what you think about this case in so many words ... I don 't see you coming back with anything that 's going to protect anybody 's business interests let alone your own ass . Wow , you really got me pegged . Anything that doesn 't fit in my narrow field of vision might as well not exist , is that right , Agent Mulder ? So why is this man Taylor lying ? You do know he 's lying ? I think he knows the truth about what happened . And he may not be the only one . I never would 've believed it , these stories about you . Really ? What stories are those ? That you could find a conspiracy at a church picnic . What church ? - Agent Scully ? - Close the door and lock it . You said you wanted to see me right away . I didn 't know who to talk to , and I haven 't been able to reach Agent Mulder . About what ? About what I found in my autopsy of the oil rig accident victim Simon de la Cruz . Agent Scully , this man 's body was supposed to be transported back to Mexico completely intact . I found it by accident in the third ventricle of his brain . - Agent Scully- - - No , it 's okay , it 's all right . What do you mean ? I was under the impression this stuff could literally jump into a man 's body . No , it can , and I 've seen that happen , but that 's the thing . I mean , this man was clearly infected by the alien virus . It entered his system and it was massing in the pineal gland . But it 's dead . What killed it ? Well , intuitively , you would say the same thing that killed him : exposure to high levels of radiation . But it makes no sense because the virus itself has radioactive properties . Somebody needs to tell Agent Doggett that . He needs to have an idea of what he 's dealing with . No , you need to tell Deputy Director Kersh that he has to order a controlled evacuation of that rig , right now . Don 't ask me to go to Kersh with this evidence telling him to order an evacuation for something you can 't even explain . If the virus is loose , Agent Doggett 's life is in danger . We don 't know that for sure . There are nearly two dozen men on that rig and not one other case . Why ? Hey , Yuri . Heard you had some problems with the radio . New gear 's all on-line , working fine . Only there 's some sort of high-frequency interference that I have no idea how to get rid of . Hear that ? That 's a signal that 's coming in and filtering in across a large range of channels . You know , I don 't think I have any choice but to power down and restart . No . You can 't do that . I hate to argue with you . This is the Marine Operator for Galpex-Orpheus . Come in , Orpheus . Galpex-Orpheus , I have a priority transmission . Repeat , this is a priority transmission . This is Orpheus , go ahead . Orpheus ? I 've been trying to reach you for hours . This is Special Agent Dana Scully . I have an urgent message for an investigative agent on board an agent John Doggett . I 'm ready to take that message . No , I 'm sorry . I need to speak with Agent Doggett directly . I got it . I 'm sorry , Agent Doggett 's gone fishing . Can I take a message , please ? Mulder ? I was just in the neighborhood . Mulder , you can 't just flout orders like this . It 's not like old times . Kersh isn 't going to tolerate this . - Kersh doesn 't need to know . - Mulder- - You need me out here , Scully . You know that better than anyone . Well , I hate to say as of this morning , I 'd have to agree . Who 's flouting orders ? You found something , didn 't you , in that victim 's body ? - The virus ? - Yes , I did ... - ... and it 's dead , Mulder . - Dead ? - What killed it ? - Possibly radiation . No , that 's not possible- - I know , I know , and this could be an isolated event but that he 's infected at all means that everybody out there could be at risk and that means you and Agent Doggett . We 've got to quarantine this rig . No , Mulder , you need to get off the rig . Have Agent Doggett give the order . We can quarantine you and the crew when you get back here . Scully , if these men are infected , the last place we want them is on shore where they can infect other people . You 're sitting on the answer right there , Scully . The body--you find the virus , you can find what knocks it out , you can find what kills it . And what if I can 't ? Well ... When he , uh , gets old enough , you tell the kid I went down swinging . Let me talk to Agent Doggett . - Agent Doggett 's not here right now . - Yes , I am . Who 's on the radio ? Who are you talking to ? - Hey ! - That was Agent Scully . - What 'd she say ? - She said it was lucky that I 'm out here . No , you 're lucky I 'm letting you stay . If you 've got important information , I better know about it . I 'm in charge out here , Agent Mulder . All right , then go ahead and take charge . Only you might not like what it means in this case . What you 're going to have to do with that information you 're so anxious to have . All right , listen up ! I 'll make this brief . We 've been given an order to quarantine the rig . As of 1400 hours , we 're officially shut down and locked down . We 're going to be stuck here a while . All flights in and out have been suspended . I know , I know . We 've been asked to cooperate until the FBI is certain everything 's shipshape . Now , for everybody 's protection we need to all of us cooperate fully . - Oh , man ! - Protection from what ? From a possible contagion . - Anybody here feel sick ? - No ! All right , all right , knock it off . I need everybody to check their water consumption . And we 'll be cutting back to half-rations . I 've been going over the crew manifest , Mr. Saksa ... - ... and there seems to be a problem . - Problem with what ? According to the manifest , there 's supposed to be 18 men on board . I count only 17 , including you . This is my whole crew in here . Diego Garza . Where 's he ? - Who ? - A deckhand . Friend of Simon de la Cruz , the man who tried to sabotage the rig . - Well , I 'll be damned . - What , he 's not here ? Any idea where he might be ? Well , he didn 't leave the rig . Not by any means I know of . What do you say we go find him ? This man was exposed to a virus . And ... why do I need to see this ? To understand what your crew may be infected with- - What they risk spreading on or off that rig . You understand Galpex is eager to cooperate . But shutting down a producing rig costs in the neighborhood of $ 150,000 a day . And according to my OIM , no one on that rig is sick . - They 're just hungry and tired . - You don 't know that for sure . What symptoms would they be showing ? What would we see ? Unexplained behavior . Possible detection in the eyes . - We 've seen none of that . - You 're relying on suspect data . I 'm relying on medical reports . And unless you give me more than this ... I 'm calling that Orpheus crew back in . Bringing them home and rotating a fresh crew onto that rig . Oh , my God . So what are you hoping to find , Agent Mulder , honestly ? I 'm hoping to find Diego Garza . Slim chance of that , if you ask me . The crew boss said it- - a man could disappear off this platform and no one would even notice . Did you see that the crew manifest listed Diego Garza as mestizo- - Of mixed Mexican descent- - just like his friend who died ? Yeah , so what ? Well , the crew chief said these mestizo were particularly good workers . Now we 've got one dead trying to sabotage the rig and another one who 's missing . One of their best workers--you 'd think somebody 'd notice him missing . Yeah , so , maybe he 's still here . Maybe he 's just waiting to finish the job that killed his friend to protect Mexican oil interests . These men are hiding something , but that 's not it . You know , I quarantine a whole damn oil rig without any evidence to support what you 're saying- - not one damn thing . But you still have yet to give me a straight answer as to what you think is going on out here . Now , if these men are hiding something if they 're protecting something , then what the hell is it ? - I don 't know yet . - Well , when you do , let me know ' cause I 've got to get on the radio to justify this action . Agent Doggett , I didn 't come out here just to bust your ass . I 'm telling you , I 've seen this substance . I 've seen how it can take over a man 's body . This crew could be infected and not even know it . They may have no idea they 're being controlled . This ? This is what you 're saying is going to take over my body ? Well , when 's it going to kick in ? That 's not how it works . It body jumps from man to man . And I 'm not sure that it 's in all oil . Well , that 's a relief , because only 90 % of the planet is dependent on the stuff . The man from Galpex Oil lied . What ? He 's infected , too ? No , that new oil province that he wants to protect- - it 's already in production . It 's being pumped and drilled by this rig . That 's how this crew got infected . You 're reaching , Agent Mulder . Billions and billions of barrels lying right underneath us , waiting to be produced . Waiting to infect that 90 % of the planet you talked about . These men are hiding something ? That 'd be something to hide . But , Agent Doggett what if that 's why this man is in hiding- - Diego Garza- - Because he knows what they 're up to and he knows what they 're up to because he 's the only one who 's not infected with this alien virus ? All right , he knows . Then why doesn 't he just come down and tell us ? It 's the radio room ! I 'll find another one . Agent Scully . - Sir . - You 're in a hurry . To do what ? To continue with my work , sir . I 'm not privy to this ... " work " . I thought this body would 've been well on its way back to Mexico . I obviously haven 't been able to rely on those whose job it is to keep me apprised and informed . I have to rely on phone calls . Like the call I received from Martin Ortega . Why doesn 't somebody make me privy to who the hell gave the order to shut down that rig ? I did . Well , I 'm giving the order this quarantine is lifted . We could do that , sir , but all radio contact 's been cut off . As soon as it 's reestablished I want that rig up and running and the entire crew choppered off the Galpex-Orpheus and debriefed . Sir , I think that 's a mistake . I think it 'd be a mistake not to , Agent Scully . And you 're running out of mistakes- - both you and the Assistant Director . If I didn 't know better ... I 'd say this was a Mulder stunt . This stuff was all brand-new . What is it about this room that inspires men to violence ? You think this fire was set ? Molotov cocktail , anyone ? Can I borrow your radio , Mr. Saksa ? Agent Doggett , you there ? Agent Doggett ? Pick up , Agent Doggett . You copy ? Agent Doggett ? Come in , Agent Doggett . Where the hell are you ? Yeah , my blood 's red ! Tranquilo . I don 't speak very good Spanish . Diego ? You 're going too fast . Are you saying you set the fire ? What are you afraid of ? " They 're coming " ? Who ? Who 's coming ? - I think I 've got something . - What ? This is an SEM image pulled at random from anonymous donors . Blood- - more specifically , normal T-cell antibodies . By comparison these are from the blood of the oil rig worker . T-cells in impossible numbers . In layman 's terms , this victim was a virus-fighting machine . - How do you explain that ? - Well , there are isolated cultures- - Northern Italy for one- - where people are immune to certain diseases- - Heart disease in that case- - through a genetic mutation . So this man had what ? A kind of genetic immunity to alien virus ? Well , his employment records list Mr. Simon de la Cruz as of mixed Mexican ancestry when , in fact , he is Huecha Indian . The Huecha are an indigenous Mexican culture that has a rare , undiluted gene pool . Now , these genes may have an innate immunity to infection . Okay , so he was immune to the virus . That 's still not what killed him . - He died from being burned . - No , not burned- - Irradiated , because the virus had no effect on him and the crew members who were infected by the virus couldn 't control him . So they killed him by irradiating him . Then why not kill Mulder ? Or Agent Doggett ? - Why kill only this man ? - This man must 've been a threat ... - ... because of something he knew . - What ? That I don 't know . So even if we did know and were able to get word to them it 'd put Mulder and Agent Doggett in danger , too , wouldn 't it ? Your family ? You want to get back to them ? I can help you . Great . You trust no one . But if you stay here , they will find you , just like your friend . You let me go and we 'll get you back home . You have my word . Where 's Garza ? Where is he ? I 'm going to go get Agent Mulder . Get up , Agent Doggett . There 's more where that came from . - You know anything about radios , Agent Doggett ? - Yeah , I know a little . Well , see if what little you know can get that ship-to-shore working . To call who ? Anybody who can get us off here before- - Get to work ! - Agent Doggett ! - I 'm working on it ! I don 't think this door can hold much longer . - Wagner ? - What do you want ? I take it back . It 's perfect . Hold this . Hold it . This is the marine operator . I repeat , this is an emergency priority transmission for the Galpex-Orpheus . Yeah , you got John Doggett on board the Galpex-Orpheus . Come in . - This is John Doggett . - Agent Doggett ? Agent Scully , yeah , I 'm right here . - Can you hear me ? - Yes ! What was that ? That 's someone knocking on the door . Mulder , listen to me . I think I know why they killed this man , if not how they killed him . Right now we got bigger problems . We need a chopper . We 've got choppers on the way . Tell her all the men here are infected . She 's got to get the word to the choppers not to land on the platform . Well , how are they supposed to get us ? Well , that issue is rapidly becoming moot ! Agent Scully , listen . There are three men on board here that are not infected- - Me , Mulder and a man named Diego Garza , who may be mentally unstable . Could be why he tried to wreck this radio equipment just like his friend , Simon de la Cruz . He may resist rescue because he believes there men in flying saucers are coming to get him . Agent Scully , did you get that ? Agent Scully ? You 're breaking up , Agent- - - What the hell are you doing ? - Destroying their ability to transmit just like Diego and Simon de la Cruz . - What are you talking about ? - I 'm talking about contact . Contact with who ? The mothership ? - Agent Doggett , listen . - Now , you just back off . No , no , no . Listen . Where 'd they go ? I don 't know , but I don 't want to stick around to find out . Let 's go , Agent Doggett . Agent Mulder . We can 't leave him . - Who ? - Diego Garza . Agent Doggett ! Diego , get up . Come on , let 's go . Is he coming ? No . Galpex-Orpheus , this is Alpha-Baker-X-Ray 46 requesting permission to land . Come in , Galpex-Orpheus . Agent Doggett , I think I know why they let us go . What ? Agent Mulder , what are you talking about ? What 's going on ? - They 're going to blow the rig . - Who ? Let 's go . - Abandon ship ... - What 's he saying ? I think he wants us to jump . All right , wait a minute , Agent Mulder . I 'm in charge here . On a two count . How about a 20 count ? One ... two ! Where 's the fire , Agent Doggett ? I 've been called up to see Deputy Director Kersh as have Agent Scully and A.D. Skinner . I think it 's all hitting the fan . You mean with Galpex Oil ? Word came down that Galpex has lost the right to drill that entire Texas oil province . That oil should stay right where it is . You should do everything in your power to make sure that it does . Me ? That is the deputy director calling to tell you there 's no need to see you- - That the blame has been properly assigned for what happened out on that platform . I 'm out . I 'm eighty-sixed , Agent Doggett . What do you mean ? You 're out of the FBI ? Kersh could barely contain his happiness when he stuck it to me . So you 're taking the fall . - Not for me . - For you , for the X-Files . You 're all the credibility this office has left . You have Kersh 's ear and you 've seen it now . Out on that platform , you saw it for yourself . Answer the phone , Agent Doggett . You 're in charge here now .
