 I deliver perfection ... and don 't brag about it ! : D Aren 't you forgetting something ? Something to do with the third coefficient . Not that . Tonight . What ? Emma ? - What time is it ? - Almost 5 . Oh , God . My concepts for microenergy waves , rejected . The dean suggests I focus on something to help mankind . Like his tobacco study . - Alex , your ideas are too radical . - The problem is the faculty . They 're dinosaurs . They 're extinct and don 't know it . One day they 'll be discovered by a future archeologist . Their dim little eyes ... It 's your first year as associate professor . Play things more conservatively . - You sound like my father . Look at them , Philby . All alike . Identical bowler hats . You want your students to be like that ? I want my students prepared for the realities of the world . I want them to run along , knocking off every bowler they see . - Mrs. Watchit ! - Oh , huzzah , the master 's home . - You get it ? - Hello . - Hello . You 're looking in the pink . - Must be the scampering up and down the stairs . - You get it ? I got it . Don 't think I 'm letting you go out in that filthy jacket . Now , go in there and change . And you got another letter from that annoying man . Go ahead . Switch it on . It 'll help people keep their teeth well into their 40s . - You might think about cleaning that . - Who has the time ? - How did you know with Molly ? - Know what ? - You were meant to be together . - She made the best shepherd 's pie . - Not one romantic bone in your body ? - No , I 'm all bowler hat . Why do you waste time on that crackpot ? He has interesting ideas . A professor shouldn 't correspond with a crazy German bookkeeper . He 's a patent clerk . Mr. Einstein deserves all the support I can give . I wonder if we 'll ever go too far . With what ? With this . With all of this . No such thing . All right . How do I look ? Practically decent . Good luck . She 's a fine girl . She 's done wonderful things . Don 't worry , you still have that alluring chalk smell . Oh , gotta hurry . That 's more like it . You look a proper gentleman for once . Better hope so . If Emma turns me down , you 're next . I 'm already swooning . All right , wish me luck . Thank you . Fresh flowers ! Fresh flowers ! - Flowers , sir ? - Not tonight , thanks . No . I promised her flowers . - Spectacular . - Spectacular waste of money . - Damn thing always breaks down . - Need a lift ? Yes . How 's the temperature stabilized ? A cantilevered gasket on the fuel regulator ... Much obliged . I 'm always forgetting the damn brake . Hop in . I 'll give you a perambulation before it breaks again . I have a prior engagement . Another time . We perambulate most every night . Certainly . - Get a horse ! - Yes , yes . Alexander ! You 're late , professor . I got here as soon as I could . They say it 's the rage in Paris . But I picked it up for $ 5 at Macy 's . Silly , isn 't it ? Very silly . I like it . - Well , where are they ? - What ? The flowers . You promised me flowers tonight . Oh , I 'm sorry . I was distracted . Well , there is something new . Emma , I need to talk to you . - Shall we walk through the park ? - Yes . Professor , you 're shivering . I hope you 're not coming down with something . Well , I 'm afraid I am . I 'm not sleeping very well . Even awake , I 'm not much use . I can 't eat or think or do much of anything anymore . The worst part is , I don 't know that I 'll ever be well . There 's only one remedy . For you to marry me and spend the rest of your life with me . Emma , I know it 's right . We 're meant to be together . It 's the only thing I 've never had to think about . Oh , Alex . Wait , I have something for you . - The moment is rather dying here . - I know . Hold on . - I know it 's not a diamond . - A moonstone . Well , it 's your birthstone . I thought ... You thought right . I just might cry . I couldn 't help but overhear . Two fine young people starting out on the road of life . - I wish you the very best . - Well , thank you . And much as I hate to do this , moved as I am by your protestations of love I 'll be needing your money now . - Sir ? - And your jewelry too . We can call this your first bump on the road to marital bliss . - I don 't ... - Don 't make a scene . There 's no cause for that . Give me your wallet , would you ? - Did you hear me , lad ? - All right , all right . Here , that 's everything . Your watch . And the gloves . And the ring . No . I 'm afraid so , darling . Maybe he 'll buy you a diamond now . Please . Not that . Why did you do that ? It 's only a ring . Emma . Emma . What ? Oh , sir , Mr. Philby 's here . - Here ? - Yes . He insisted on coming ... Tell him to go away . I 'm busy . I won 't go away , Alex . My God , what 's happened to you ? I 've been working . You used to care about your work . I care more about my life and yours . I came by every day after the funeral . Every week , every other month . Then I stopped coming . Did you even notice ? It hurt me , Alex , very much . Then why are you here now ? - There are things I have to say . - I know . You 're concerned . I hear it from Mrs. Watchit every day . But really I need you to go . - I won 't go with you hiding down here . - I 'm not . - That 's what it is . You 're in here all day . Alex , will you please stand still and look at me ? It wasn 't your fault . No . It wasn 't my fault . Maybe we should blame Mrs. Watchit for getting the ring from the jeweler . Or the jeweler for making it . Or the poor bastard who tore the stone from the earth . I should blame you for introducing us in the first place . Alexander , nothing will ever change what happened . No , you 're wrong . Because I will change it . David , I appreciate your concern . I do . But I ask you to have faith in me . I want to have faith in you , Alex , but what are you doing here ? Why don 't you come by for dinner in a week and I 'll show you ? - Come home with me now . - Did you not hear me ? I can 't leave when I 'm so close . All right , we 'll continue this conversation in a week . In a week , we 'll never even have had this conversation . Ah , thank you , my good man . Yeah , I 'll need a pair for me . You 're early . That 's a first . I wanted to see you . Well , where are they ? What ? The flowers . You promised me flowers tonight , don 't you even remember ? You never cease to surprise me . Emma , I need to talk to you . - Shall we walk through the park ? - No . No . Let 's go into the city . - Alex , what is it ? - Nothing . Just hurry ! Running is all very well for you . You 're not wearing a corset ! Bleecker Street , and be quick about it ! Good evening . Oh , now you 're all gallant . You 're shivering . I hope you 're not coming down with something . No , no . I 'm fine . I 'm wonderful . - Just walking with you again . - We took a walk three days ago . Well , not like this . Never like this . Heavens , look at that . - I 've seen it . - Now I know you 're ill . You 're passing up the chance to explore a new gadget . It 's only a machine . Tell me what 's going on . Is something wrong ? No . Emma , listen . I need to leave , but I want you to go home and stay there . I promise I 'll come by later . I 'll be upset you didn 't meet me in the park but you must trust me . Everything will be all right . Just know how much I love you . How much I 'll always love you . All right . But first , where are my flowers ? Flowers , it is . Wait right there . Don 't move . - Oh , can I help you , sir ? - Yes , a dozen roses , white . No , red . I 'm looking for Professor Hartdegen . Alex , I 'm ... I 'm so sorry . This was not supposed to happen . Of course not . - I know there 's nothing I can say . - We were out of the park . We were safe . Why can 't I change it ? I could come back a thousand times . See her die a thousand ways . I don 't understand . I can 't find the answer here . Not here . Not now . The future is now . Certain restrictions apply . Hi , the latest update from Lunar Leisure Living . Engineers are preparing for the first detonation to create subterranean chambers for lunar leisure living . Imagine , fishing in our Sea of Tranquillity . Golfing on our championship course . 1500-yard drives , no problem . At less gravity , you 're guaranteed to dance . Contact Lunar Leisure Living to reserve your piece of heaven . The future is now . Availability subject to change . Hey . Hello . Nice suit . Very retro . Thank you . Bet that makes a hell of a cappuccino . The thing . I 'll see you . Attention , everyone . Class 23 , gather , please . Next stop , Antiquities . Make sure your microscans are charged . Two by two , let 's look lively . Tommy , do that again and I 'll resequence your DNA . Now , march ! Two by two , please . Look lively . Welcome to Vox System . How may I help you ? I didn 't see you there . I seem to have that effect . How may I help you ? What is that thing ? That 's my photonic memory core or PMC , as we say . Over here , sir . - What are you ? - A public library information unit . Vox registration NY-114 . How may I help you ? - Oh , a stereopticon of some sort . - Stereopticon ? Oh , no , sir . I 'm a photonic with link capabilities connected to every database on the planet . Photonic ? A compendium of all human knowledge . Area of inquiry ? - Know anything about physics ? - Accessing physics . Mechanical engineering ? Dimensional optics . Chronography . Temporal causality . Temporal paradox . - Time travel ? - Yes . - Accessing science fiction . - Practical application . My question is , why can 't one change the past ? Because one cannot travel into the past . - Well , what if one could ? - One cannot . Excuse me . This is something you should trust me on . Accessing writings of Isaac Asimov , H.G. Wells , Alexander Hartdegen . - Tell me about him . - Alexander Hartdegen , 1869-1903 . Eccentric scientist . Writings include the creation of a time machine . - Tell me about the time machine . - " Time Machine " was written by H.G. Wells . - It was adapted to a movie and musical . - That 's not what I mean . - Want to hear the score ? - No . That 's quite enough . - Will there be anything else ? - No . I think I 'll have better luck in a few hundred years . - Live long and prosper . Sir , where 's your designated evacuation center ? - You are subject to arrest . - Put your hands out , sir . You 'll be held until you 're cleared for transport . Take it easy ! - We gotta get out of here ! - Wait ! - How did this happen ? - The moon . Come on . Move it . Impossible . What happened ? - What , you been living under a rock ? - Yes . Now , tell me . Demolitions for the lunar colony ruined the orbit . Moon 's breaking up . - Hey ! - Forget him ! Come on ! Emma . Hello . Don 't be afraid . Wait , don 't go . Wait . I just want to talk to you . Hello . I 'm sorry , I don 't understand you . - Do you know my words ? - Yes . Let 's talk alone . - The " lex " , the stone language . - The stone language ? - But do you understand me ? - We all learn it when we 're young . They " tor 'jen " . Forget , they forget it . But I teach . What is he saying ? They 're deciding if we should throw you in the river . Tell me the truth . Where do you come from ? Well , actually , I 'm from here , just not from now . You see , I built a machine that allows me to travel through time . I 'm from the past . Oh . I told them you hit your head and you are a wandering idiot . - What are you doing ? - Getting ready for the " mor " . The night . I 'll come with you . - Eloi ? - What are your people named ? Well , I guess you 'd call us New Yorkers . - New Yorkers , are they friendly ? - Until you talk to them . Tell me about your village . It 's a busy place . Everyone seems to be in a hurry . And they all wear identical bowler hats . - Little round things on their heads . - What do you do ? I was a teacher , like Mara . - And I make things . - I made a " sess ' quin ' tan " with my papa . We still use it . A " sess ' quin ' tan " ? " Sess ' quin ' tan " , steps of rope . - A rope ladder . - We can make one . I will teach you . Will you tell me more on the next day ? Tomorrow ? Yes , I will . Why don 't you take care of this for me tonight ? Thank you . - Good night . - Good night . Kalen will tire you if you let him . He 's always questioning . Our parents were firm , but it is his way . Where are your parents ? They 've gone from this place . I 'm sorry . You were right , Philby . I did go too far . Sit with me . Mara , why do you pull the boats up at night ? Are you afraid they 'll be stolen ? Stolen ? I do not know that word . Will someone take them ? It is just more safe this way . You must do things to be safe where you 're from ? Well , of course . Yes . Or when you come from . So I 'm not just a wandering idiot . " Col 'mar " . Maybe we could find some tomorrow . Flowers ? Morlock ! Morlock ! - Is he all right ? - He had a dream . So did I. - I was moving through a jungle and ... - And you saw a shape ahead of you . A face that called my name . We all have that dream . - All of you ? - Yes , now go back to sleep . You 're still not well . What does that mean , " Morlock " ? A child 's dream , no more . Go back asleep . We keep these stones in many places . This is the room where my parents taught me for the first time . Why do you learn this language if you don 't use it ? It 's a tradition we hand down . It meant something once . It must be here for a reason . " One generation passeth away , and another cometh . But the earth abideth forever . " Why have you come here ? - Why do you travel through time ? - To have a question answered . A question ? Yes . Why can 't I change the past ? Why would you want to ? You 've lost someone . Someone you loved very much . Mara , why are there no older people here ? What do you mean ? - Older people , your parents ' age . - They 've gone from this place . You mean they 're dead ? Yes . - All of them ? How is that possible ? - There are things better left unsaid . We don 't dwell on the past , Alexander . - We do something else . - What ? We remember them with these . Alexander ! Alexander . Are you coming to work now ? Come with me . He 's not well . We 're gonna see his machine . - Now ? - Stay with Toren . - Go the next day , tomorrow . - I need to see that it 's all right . This way . Will you tell me more about New York tonight ? I will . Good , it seems fine . We had quite a ride together . It 's ready ? It appears so . Will you use it now ? Go back to your own time ? Well , I guess I could . - It seems so long ago . - No , you should go . And I need to ask will you take Kalen with you ? Why ? Take him away . Back to your time . Will you ? - Mara , why ? - Please , you don 't know . Take him away from here . Kalen ! - Mara , what 's going on ? - They 're early . We must get Kalen . Kalen ! Kalen ! Kalen ! Mara ! - Kalen ! - No , stay here . Stay in the group . Run ! Where did they go ? We have to follow . - We do not " col 'quin tor " , no . - Why not ? This is " nem Eloi 'tas " . Our life here . - How can you just do nothing ? - How can " tor 'tas al 'mor " ? - It 's day and night . - Day and night ? This is the world . Why don 't you fight back ? Fight back . Why not ? Those who " far quil 'pax " fight are taken first . - Do you know where they go ? - No . - Do they come back ? - No . - Has anyone followed ? - I don 't know . What about the Morlocks ? There must be a leader . Kalen , listen ! Sometimes we need to accept what happens . And other times we have to fight . Even if we are afraid . Now , it 's difficult to understand . I know . Believe me , I know . Now , they 're afraid and I 'm asking you not to be . So will you tell me what you know ? We can save her . Please . When they go , we 're not supposed to talk about it . But we all know of a place . - What place ? - Where the ghosts are . Here it is . Welcome to Vox System . How may I help you ? It 's all right . How may I serve you ? What can I get you ? Let 's see ... Henry James ? No , no , too depressing . Hemingway , perhaps ? No , no , too sweaty . Plato , Proust , Pinter , Poe , Pound ? No . The complete works of Martha Stewart ? I have it ! Jules Verne . Right up your alley , I would think . - Photonic , right ? - Or what 's left of one . What 's left of all of them . I am the last . " And these fragments I have shored against my ruins " , T.S. Eliot . You wouldn 't know him yet , but he is so depressing , yet so divine . I 'm sorry . The lending library is out of service . Not to worry , I have them all right here . Every page of every volume . - Can you tell me what 's happening ? - My sources are no longer annotated and my information is anecdotal . But what was once one race is now two . One above and one below . Two distinct species that have evolved . - And how do those below survive ? - That is the real question , isn 't it ? I don 't believe it . If you don 't like the answers , you should avoid asking the questions . Look at them . They have no knowledge of the past . No ambition for the future . So lucky . Why would you say something like that ? Can you even imagine what it 's like to remember everything ? I remember the girl who asked me about dinosaurs 800,000 years ago . I remember the last book I recommended . " Look Homeward , Angel " by Thomas Wolfe . And , yes , I even remember you . Time travel . Practical application . How do you know about the Morlocks if you can 't leave this place ? One Eloi managed to escape . He told me everything . We spent years together . Just talking . The conversation 's a little spotty now , but I do remember . It 's good to have a friend . Then you can help us find the Morlocks , find Mara . And if the truth is so horrible , it will haunt your dreams for all time ? Well , I think I 'm used to that . My friend said he came from the east . From the jungle . - Can you describe it ? - I don 't have to . Just follow the breathing . In the dream we 're moving toward it . But I think it was meant to keep us away . - I might just go in by myself . - No . Mara would be very cross with me if you got hurt . I 'll find her . Go to the village and light a fire so we can find our way home . - Will you do that for me ? - I lost your pocket watch . They took it from my room . I 'm sorry . Why would they take it ? Stupid . Mara . Mara ? Mara . Mara ? Come a little closer . I don 't bite . Do I surprise you ? A little , yes . We weren 't always like this . After the moon fell from the sky the earth could no longer sustain the species . Some managed to stay above . The rest of us escaped underground . Centuries later , when we tried to re-emerge into the sun , we couldn 't . So we bred ourselves into castes . Some to be our eyes and ears . Some to be our muscles and sinews . You mean your hunters . Yes . Bred to be predators , but bred also to be controlled . You see , my caste concentrated on expanding our cerebral abilities . - You control their thoughts . - Not just theirs . The Eloi . So it 's not enough that you hunt them down like animals . - That 's their role here . - To be your food . Yes . And for those who are suitable , to be breeding vessels for other colonies . You see , I 'm just one of many . I don 't understand how you can speak so coldly about this . Have you not considered the human cost of what you 're doing ? We all pay a price Alexander . Don 't worry , you 're safe . I control them . Without that control they would exhaust the food supply in a matter of months . Food supply ? They 're human beings ! Who are you to question 800,000 years of evolution ? This is a perversion of every natural law . What is time travel but your pathetic attempt to control the world ? Your futile effort to have a question answered . Do you think I don 't know you , Alexander ? I can look inside your memories . Your nightmares . Your dreams . You 're a man haunted by those two most terrible words : " What if ? " Daddy ! Daddy ! You built your time machine because of Emma 's death . If she had lived , it wouldn 't have existed . So how could you use your machine to go back to save her ? You are the inescapable result of your tragedy . Just as I am the inescapable result of you . You have your answer . Now go . I believe you have something that belongs to me . We all have our time machines , don 't we ? Those that take us back are memories . Those that carry us forward are dreams . You 're forgetting one thing . What if ? - What are you doing with it ? - Changing the future . Come on . Wait here . Go ! Hurry ! Alexander ! I 'm sorry you lost your machine . Oh , it 's all right . It was only a machine . " The congregation rose and stared while the three dead boys came marching up the aisle . Tom in their lead , Joe next and Huck a ruin of drooping rags , sneaking sheepishly in the rear . They had hid in a gallery , listening to their own funeral sermon ... Aunt Polly , Mary and the Harpers ... " This is the place . So it is . But there 's nothing here . Well , it was different then . My laboratory was all around here . The kitchen was over there where that tree is . Not that Mrs. Watchit ever let me go in there . I don 't know what to tell you , sir . - He 's been gone this whole week . - And you have no idea where he went ? - No , sir . - This would be my greenhouse . There was a garden outside . Yes . I 'm glad . Sir ? I 'm glad he 's gone . Maybe he 's finally found some place where he can be happy . This was my home . His home . Long ago . You know , Molly and I were talking about engaging a housekeeper . Someone to live with us and help take care of Jamie . Are you interested ? - Perhaps until the master returns . - Of course . But there 'd be some changes made . I run a tight house . I have no doubt of that . I 'll call and we 'll arrange it . - Good night , Mrs. Watchit . - Good night , Mr. Philby . Godspeed , my fine lad . Godspeed . Subtitles by SDI Media Group I deliver perfection ... and don 't brag about it ! : D - But , professor ... - The answers are in the text . - Yes , sir , but ... - I 'm sorry . - Professor Hartdegen ? - Yes . - Might I be excused from class ? - Why would you want that ? Since the course description said nothing about frostbite I assume today 's lesson won 't be on the final . As you speak , I find myself not so much listening to your words as noticing a certain mist escaping your mouth . What is that ? - My breath . - Yes , yes . - Why am I seeing it ? - Because he had a nip before class ? Besides that , we 're seeing a differential . We 'd all agree he is full of hot air , correct ? As that hot air meets the cold air of this fine afternoon the moisture in his hot air condenses . Which we all experience . Which we can all then see as breath . Hot , cold . Light , dark . Emotion , intellect . The universe runs on the collision of such forces . As we shall see . Gather around . - What is it ? - A windmill ? Not hardly . This device , called a reverse radiometer , sits motionless sealed and protected from the wind . Yet , when exposed to the sunlight ... Could we watch the universal collision of forces from inside ? Time is your friend . So long as you have enough of it . The differential between the blade 's sides is ... - Kinetic energy . - Yes . The black absorbs the sun 's power , the white reflects it propelling the blade forward . Creating the kinetic from the stagnant . We 'll pick this up tomorrow . Class dismissed . Dr. Hartdegen , it seems you 're creating a classroom full of windmill tilters . I can only hope so . Here I thought students came to Columbia University for a formal education . Well , it 's really just a lesson in fundamental mechanics , sir . I 'm not here to talk about teaching . I 've been evaluating articles published by our faculty . I came across a distinguished scientific journal which somehow has eluded me until now . Beyond the fascinating cover story there are several articles I found quite interesting . Here . Submitted by one Alexander Hartdegen , Columbia University . " A proposal for the generation of microenergy waves for household power . " Radiant energy exists at frequencies higher than we recognize . What if we harnessed the microwaves ? Time for chores could be reduced . - We could cook a turkey in 10 minutes . - Amazing . What would you suggest cooks and housewives do with all that extra time ? And this one . " Duration as a four-dimensional solid a theoretical model for time travel . " - All these things are possible , sir . - Not in this world . Just do your job , doctor . My job is not just to make my students see the world they live in . It 's to make them look up and say , " What if ? " Doctor , since you 're so fond of speculation I 'll present you a final " what if " that I hope you 'll seriously consider . What if a bright young man , with a great future ahead of him throws it all away ? Have I made myself understood ? - Yes , sir . - Good . Your ... . Your windmill stopped . I deliver perfection ... and don 't brag about it ! : D - Time travel . - It 's possible , sir . Not in this world . In the new version of the classic by H. G. Wells , The Time Machine Guy Pearce is Alexander Hartdegen a man whose desperate desire to change the past sends him on an incredible journey into the future . It 's the catalyst to take a journey . He 's able to go back to any time . Spectacular . Or go ahead to any time . The future is now . The visual centerpiece is the time machine one of the most elaborate props ever . The first hurdle was developing it because the movie is " The Time Machine " . It 's the centerpiece and main character of our movie . It 's called " The Time Machine " . The challenge is to create an amazing prop . It 's a reason why we made the movie . Simon and I discussed what it 's supposed to look like . It has to be a spherical object , or a spherical field . It starts up and unfolds like a flower of glass and brass and wood . It spins and the sphere comes into action . Then you go forward or backward in time . They came up with the idea of the Fresnel lenses of lighthouses . Which , you know , wonderful sort of great , solid glass constructions that glitter in a fabulous way when they move around . So we then built a model that we rendered with the full refraction of the glass and spun it around . We realized that was what we had to do . Creating the time machine took 1000 architectural drawings and over a year to complete . We had 20 effects people working on it for two months . There are many working parts . It 's got different engines with three different motors . Bring it up a little closer . The machine weighs about 4000 pounds . This is a once in a lifetime sort of thing . I 'll never get chance to build a prop like this again . It was exciting to see this thing up and running . It 's wonderful . In many ways , as an actor you 're relying on your costume and your makeup and your props . So when you have something like a time machine ... It looks fine . ... it really allows an insight into the character . And it allows you to feel the incredible kind of ambition and the genius of this guy , you know ? It 's amazing . You think it could take you through time . It looks like it works . I mean , it 's just so beautiful . There 's a set of blades that look great on the time machine . But at a certain point in time travel , they spin at a rate that they can 't actually spin at . We tape them over and create a CG version of the blades which we spin at a higher rate . Then we begin to add light effects . We form a CG time sphere , which protects Alex as he travels . It 's a digital effect that is laid on top of the photographed machine . Academy Award-winning effects house Digital Domain created groundbreaking sequences . The interesting thing was illustrating the journey of time travel what happens to the world when he 's traveling in time . In the travel sequence , where he travels from 1899 to 2030 we see his environment his greenhouse , the laboratory he lived and worked in , change . Alex goes forward . We show the cars change from olden cars in the teens to the ' 40s and the cars basically progress . And mannequins change and basically show time progression as he cruises in his time machine . Then in the second time travel , where he travels from the year 2037 to the year 802701 , we see time travel on a geographic scale . The fellows at Digital Domain have software that they developed that can render whole environments with a sort of realistic atmosphere and make that dynamically change in time . The most exciting thing was illustrating the process Alex goes through . He starts in this familiar world and ends up in a world he doesn 't understand . He 's got to make sense of it . We tried to do the same thing : Start off with a conservative , but exciting look then get into a world where the audience is bombarded with images that are too fantastic to imagine . I think the concept of time travel is completely fascinating and will always be fascinating particularly if it doesn 't come true if it doesn 't ever become possible . Who knows if it will become possible . I deliver perfection ... and don 't brag about it ! : D In the distant future , Alexander , the time traveler encounters a predatory species that live in tunnels beneath the earth : The Morlocks . The darker side of the future world are the Morlocks . They are a society like social insects , like ants or bees . There are Hunter Morlocks and there are Spy Morlocks . And they find the mind behind it all , the Über Morlock . Come a little closer . I don 't bite . In some ways the Morlocks , and particularly their leader the character portrayed by Jeremy Irons is the negative mirror image of the technology that Alexander embraces . This is a perversion of every natural law . What is time travel but your pathetic attempt to control the world around you ? He is the end result of technology gone to hell . I wanted him to be a surprise . He was written originally as the archfiend . The one in which in every film as you 're going through it and finally you get to " the room " . And there 's the guy . I can look inside your memories . He 's a pretty brainy fellow , and in fact has a very large brain which spreads halfway down his spine . Don 't worry , you 're safe . I control them . It was a wonderful experience to create Über Morlock with all the other people who were part of that creation . And to make the costume come alive . He 's completely white and that meant a lot of makeup which took a long time and skill to apply . Five hours every morning . We got white contacts for the eyes . They became white . So I got to know my makeup guys very well . Now go . Three , two , one , go . Go ! Creature effects were created by the Academy Award-winning Stan Winston Studios . I 've been a fan of " The Time Machine " the book and original film , since I was a little kid . The chance to be a part of bringing it back to life was something that was intriguing to me . Also , the director , Simon Wells . He is the great-grandson of H.G. Wells . So there 's history that goes along with the making of this film . One of Simon 's biggest strengths was his animation background . He had very strong ideas on what the Morlocks should look like . I did a lot of design sketches , which I then passed on to Stan Winston . - He did extra sketches . - The direction we took was greatly influenced by Simon 's sketches . With the exception of the Über Morlock the characters that we designed were basically two Morlock species . One was the Spies , and the other were the Hunters . After the character design we took the performers and had their bodies laser-scanned . We then proceeded to actually build the characters . They have life-casts taken of their bodies . A person will stand and have plaster applied to their body and head . From that , we 'll pour plaster or fiberglass inside to make a positive body form of their body . So we have a 3-D duplicate of their body . From that , we sculpt on it . We take clay and apply it to the form , and that becomes the character . We take it to the paint department where artists paint it using rubber cement-based paint . Details are applied with brushes and stuff like that . The challenge of bringing the Morlocks to life was to take a character we haven 't seen before create a character we haven 't seen required for us to use our technical expertise as far as creating an animatronic face . A face with multiple expressions : Brow movements , eye movements , lip movement , jaw movement . The ability to give as much animation to our faces as we possibly could . It took three puppeteers per head to operate it . You had a guy on eyes doing the blink and up-and-down . Another person operated the brow movement up-and-down . A third person operated the mouth , which was the jaw and the lips . Stan is nothing short of brilliant . His contribution has been invaluable . The best thing is just when you see on screen those Morlocks they 'll be as terrifying as they were 40 years ago . They 're scary . I thought , " I 'm not going to have to act at all " . I was so afraid of them . That 's a wrap ! I deliver perfection ... and don 't brag about it ! : D This starts with a motion-control camera move shot on set . As you can see there are lots of lights that we had to remove digitally . And two-thirds of the greenhouse structure isn 't there . Here all the digital elements are being layered in . The greenhouse , the potted plants , the vines and the snow . All of that created digitally . The technical challenge was getting all of the digital elements to line up with this photographic plate , which , like the whole movie was shot anamorphic . The distortions in anamorphic lenses make the lining up of digital elements that much more tricky . The other big challenge was creating the greenery that grows and dies and getting that to look realistic . Two photographic elements : Guy Pearce on green screen and then the garage set as separate elements . All the contents of the garage are digital . The cars , the boxes and all the light effects on the time machine all married together to create the finished shot . Here the big challenge was creating believable and realistic geological erosion . We had to develop a lot of special computer tools to achieve this . The real artistry comes in at the end when the various elements are joined and made to look photorealistic . Here we had to kill off some Morlocks by taking the stuntmen and matching their movement with our digital versions which turn into skeletons in the presence of the time wave . There were three shots in this sequence . This is the middle of the three . They start with a photographic element of Jeremy Irons against green screen . In each case , we matched his movement in our digital version of him which was made up of many layers , starting with the skeleton musculature , skin , wardrobe , hair . And then through the progression of the three shots he ages , shrinks , skin starts to erode , muscles erode . Eventually his entire skeleton disintegrates and falls apart . This shot was a lot of fun just because of the graphic nature of his demise . It 's not every day you get to turn somebody into a skeleton . For this shot we only had 10 weeks from conception to completion . It 's purely CG . All buildings , everything in the city , had to be built in three dimensions . All of the traffic . Buildings getting constructed . We developed special lighting tools for this as well to take the CG curse off of things that often don 't look quite right because they 're purely digital . A lot of the later elements that come into the shot were added in the composite . A lot of the cloud layers . One of the biggest challenges of this shot was due to the huge scale change from one end of the shot to the other . Things that we 'd create would only be visible onscreen for a short number of seconds .
