 Season 5 Episode 5 The great rad-spot is mega-sweet for party boarding ! Indeed ! Any calls while I was out ? You got a telesonic transmission from Kif a couple of hours ago . My Kiffie called ? Oh , Amy , you 're back ! Another hour and I would have thought about hanging up .. Why didn 't you just leave a message , sweetie ? Well , I 've left hundreds of messages with your answering machine , but you ... never seem to get them . It 's not my fault if you don 't check me . Messages erased . Oh dearest . This long-distance relationship is too much to bear ! When even an inch separates us I quiver with misery ! So you can imagine how I feel when it 's a billion light-years ! Don 't cry , or you 'll get a tummy-ache . Lieutenant , some things came off me and clogged the drain , so if you could ... Oh-ho , what 's this ! Well , well , well . Do my eyes believe me , or is that my bosomy swan Leela ? Say again ? You 're breaking up . Good news , everyone ! You 'll be delivering pain medicine ... to the hive mind of Nigel 7 . Scruffy 's rolling out a large pill . You 're going to Nigel 7 ? Kif 's on patrol near there . You could drop me off on the way ! We could , but we won 't ! It 's a space ship , dammit , not a prom limousine ! If anyone needs if , I 'll be in the Angry Dome . This is a very long trip , so we 'll all have to hibernative naptosis to save oxygen . I can 't even breath without oxygen . Here I come , Kif ! They jumped right out of theirs pants ! Oh , what now . Activate glass window . Kif , I 'm sensing a very sensual disturbance in the force . Prepare for ship-to-ship intimacy . Yes , sir , captain ! How about I help you finish that dream you were having about me ? I was just at this part ... Oh ! Let 's try that a little lower , and a lot softer . Imagine you stewing away and stealing a licensed starship ! Ooh , it 's so romantic it gives me the shivers ! I don 't care how much trouble I get in . I needed to feel my lips pressed against your lip-less beak . I can 't stand having a whole universe between us . I 've been thinking a lot about this , and , well , would you move in with me ? Here ? But wouldn 't it be crowded ? it 's really twice the size ! You can use the floor , and I 'll have the ceiling , see ? You have so much creativity and niceness but I 'm not sure if I ... Hush ! Before you answer , come thither . This is the Holo-Shed . It can simulate anything you desire , and nothing can hurt you ... except when it malfunctions and the holograms become real . Well , that probably won 't happen this time . I wanted to show you what life could be like if we were together . Computer , run program " Kif 1 " . This is so beautiful ! Kif , that 's the pony I always wanted but my parents said I had too many ponies already . Yes , I programmed it in for you . Four million lines of BASIC . And if this isn 't the life you want , how about this ? Run program " Kif 2 " . We could live here at the shore of the tranquilibrious sea in a time-share . And I would pluck the moon from the sky ... just to see you smile . Almost got it ... Seems to be sort of stuck ... I love you ! Run program " Kif : / / 3 " ! This isn 't bad . My aunt had a place like this . Amy , we could live in a bus-station bathroom for all I care . As long as we 're together , it 'll feel like a castle to me . I 'd love to live with you ... some day . But before then , there 's still lots I wanna do on my own . What was that ? Oh dear . I fear the Holo-Shed might be broken again . Well , as long as we don 't cross paths with the tele ... Look ! Spirit ! And there 's Professor Moriati ! Jack the Ripper ! Evil Lincoln ! Right 'o , gents , it 's another simulation gone mad , so it 's murder and mayhem , standard procedure . Real Holographic Simulated Evil Lincoln is BACK ! The Holo-Shed 's on the fritz again , the characters turned real ! Damn , the last time that happened , I got slapped with three paternity suits ! Listen up , History 's greatest villains , get back into the Holo-Shed before I start blasting . Stop ! No shoot fire-stick in space canoe ! Cause explosive decompression ! Spare me your space-age techno-babble , Attila the Hun ! Kif ! Hold on ! I totally want to ! Have a good time ! After all that , I could use some relaxation . I 'll be in the Holo-Shed . Well , except for a few broken bones , some internal hemorrhaging , and a partially barfed-up heart , everyone up here is fine . Oh , and Kif is pregnant . Oh joy ! Amy , isn 't it wonderful , I 'm pregnant ! Yes , it 's great ... a great miracle . And not one of those bogus everyday miracles like a sunrise . Aren 't you a male ? Yeah , what 's the deal ? Just when I thought I 'd figured out you biological creatures , it 's something else ! Let me at him ! Look , I 'm sure we 're all a little unclear on how anyone gets pregnant , so Kif , explain , and don 't spare the dirty words were appropriate . Well , it 's quite simple really . When one of my species experiences deep feelings of love , we enter a so-called " receptive state " . You disgust me . Go on . At that point , our skin becomes a semi-permeable membrane which allows the passage of genetic material . I held Amy 's hand , and voila . But that better be all there is . Amy , you 'll be a mother ! What a wondrous affirmation of our love , and all from the touch of your hand . ude , hold up , remember when Zap blew a hole in the ship ? Indeed . Kif touched everyone there . Couldn 't any one of us be the mother ? I mean , what about that , Kif ? Well , I suppose I might have got pregnant that way , or even from a toilet seat , though that 's impossible since I have a private washroom . Ah , my home away from home . By the way , Kif , your flush seems to be set on " stun " , not " kill " . Look , Kif , I probably am the mother , although maybe I 'm not . Of course I hope I am , but just in case I 'm not , maybe we should have a test . A test ! I demand a test ! Even I laughed at me when I built this alien cross-species genetic analyzer , but I guess I showed myself . Subjects , please enter the chamber . Now to take a DNA sample . When I pull this switch , the maternafuge will spin at ten thousand RPM , separating out anyone who isn 't the mother , eh , father ... whatever . Faster ! Faster ! Good . Fry 's ejection indicated that he is not the man-momma . Nor is captain Branigan . Oh thank you , merciful God . What the hell were you doing in there ? That 's were I live . I have no home ! But that means ... Leela must have impregnated me when she grabbed my ungloved hand . That explains the posturing hygiene class . No glove , no love ! Wow , this is all so confusing . Leela ! How could you ? Our love has had to endure your constant hatred , and now this ? Stop testing our love ! Oh please , captain . I thank Leela for the DNA she gave me , but in my specie , the true parent is the one who inspired the initial feeling of love . We call that person the smismar , and my smismar is Amy . So the toilet seat is like the uncle or something ? Sorry I got your boyfriend pregnant . That 's OK . At least Kif 's baby shower should be fun . I 'd better put it on my calender . Thursday , baby shower , enter . Might as well plan for my new life while I 'm at it . Set motherhood mode ! Mom , dad , I know this is weird , but ... Yeah yeah , we don 't care how squishy alien get pregnant , all we care is that we have grand-child now . You are very open minded , Mrs. Wong . Hey , you call her " grandma " now ! Call me " grandma " like crazy , all the time ! Check it out , y 'all ! Everyone we invited is here ... Also Zoidberg ! ... so let 's open the gifts . We 'll start with this one from ... Bender . It 's my booties from when I was a kid . They 're already bronzed . Elles sont en bronze . And this one 's from Leela . Oh , I just love the bow , I wonder what it is . Yes , I wonder what " we " got you . It 's a basket ! For picnics ? It means a lot to me . It 's the basket my parents left me in at the orphanarium . You could use it for picnics . Here , Amy , we get this one for you . Is it a new board ? It 's a board alright . An ironing board . We had your old party board converted now that you not be partying anymore . You trashed my party board ? Damn right ! Now you 're mom , the only surfing you 'll be doing is under a big wave of responsibility . Oh , this is the happiest moment of my life ! You all brought such wonderful gifts ! But the greatest gift ... Mine ! ... is the bond I share with my smismar Amy . For soon , the quivering mass of life within me will depend upon us both . Even now , I can sense it feeding , squirming , searching , questing ... and shortly , it will renne my loins in twain , burst forth , and pull us down , down , down into the deep , dark waters of commitment . That 's so beautiful . Yes , it 's ... it 's ... No , I can 't do this ! Oh , how could Amy leave me ? When will women learn to take responsibility for the children they 've helped create ? They 're quickening ! My time is near . I must return to my home world to perform the ancient birthing rites . Lemme know how that turns out . I must know embark on a perilous journey , to give birth in precisely the same swamp in which I was born . If it 's so dangerous , I 'd better go with you . A gal has to protect her DNA . No , Leela . Tradition demands that I make this journey with my smismar . And since Amy isn 't here , I must go it alone . Farewell , for we may never meet again ! My scrapes feel a little better now . Hey , what 's this fat ugly thing ? A frog , a toad , or your mama ! It 's a poisonous Froad . No-one move . I 'm back , baby . Behold , the sacred ancestral birthing grounds of my family . Smells like a jacks trap . I am grand mid-wife ! Hi . I am Kif of the clan Kroaker , come to bear my young . Then let the tea of new life be brewed . As it is written : " And both shall lift the jug together . " Where is your smismar ? Elle n 'est pas avec moi . Oh , the sorrow ! Oh , the shame ! I 'm sorry , I 'm probably just making you feel worse . As long as Amy is with me in my heart , I will have the strength of two . Apparently , Amy hasn 't been working out much lately . As the tea boils , please join hands with your beloved smismar . Oh , right , sorry , but I memorized the ceremony by ( routed dimension for a lot ) ? I 'll try to endure . Good , cause I 'm not changing it . Now turn , ye two , and gaze deeply into each other 's eyes . What are you looking at ? May the love I sense between you at this moment , remain with you both through all your days . The tea of new life is ready . Let those whose love created this light speak each other 's names , then drink . Amy ! Is it you , or has I gone crazy with loneliness ? Both ! I still don 't know if I 'm ready for this , but I do know I love you , and I wanna be hear beside you . Great , now I lost my place , I 'm starting over ! No time ! It has begun ! Neat ! You can do it , Kif ! Amy , my love , tell me ... Are they making it to the water ? Stay away from my babies ! The birthing is complete . I will now take my leave . I live here , so I won 't actually be going anywhere , but you don 't have to talk to me anymore . Congratulations ! Way to go , squishy ! There goes my DNA . What a disgusting and beautiful process . That 's birth for ya . Well , we 've given them a great start , Amy , and in twenty years they 'll sprout legs and crawl back onto land as children . I 'll be ready then . script original : futscr @ start.no
