 Season 5 Episode 4 A Taste of Freedom Freedom freedom freedom , oy ! There 's no denying it . The future 's crazy ! Oh well , don 't wanna stand out ! Freedom freedom freedom , oy ! There 's nothing crazy about it . It 's just Freedom Day ! So , what is Freedom Day ? Sounds like some kind of feminine hygiene product . No , it 's a fabulous , crabulous day ! If you want to do something , you do it ! And to splick with the consequences ! You know , like how I live every day ! Happy Freedom Day ! I think my wrist is broken . Of course it wouldn 't be Freedom Day without the traditional Freedom Tub ! How big ! Mmm ! That 'll feel nice on my shattered bones ! Wow ! Nude hot-tubbing ? That 's all I need to hear about Freedom Day ! Then consider the following lecture a bonus ! On Earth , freedom is a given But on my planet we have to suffer for it . Sure , you can be a comedian instead of a doctor ! If you want your parents to roll over in their graves ! Sure . You can vote for Shkinadel . If you want there should be a recession ! Sure . You can go to medical school . If you 've given up on your dream of being a comedian ! That 's why I love Earth ! You can do what you want , and no one makes you feel guilty . because no one cares ! We 're not listening ! That 's what I 'm talking about ! Freedom freedom freedom , oy ! Scuse me , comin ' through , freedom train arriving on track 1 . Ow ! You broke my foot ! Freedom ! What 's this next float Linda ? Representing our men , women and children in uniform , it 's Earth 's greatest space hero ... Zapp Branigan . Happy Freedom Day ladies ! Come on , let loose and show me something ! Anything ! Seriously , I 'd take an armpit . Thank you Linda ! You 're welcome ! OK Morbo , now it 's your turn . If that is your Freedom Day wish . Thank you Secretary Of Transportation . My fellow Earthicans , we enjoy so much freedom ... it 's almost sickening . We 're free to choose which hand our sex monitoring chip is implanted in . And if we don 't want to pay our taxes , why , we 're free to spend the weekend with the pain monster . See you April 15th folks ! Cue the fireworks guys . Incidentally , tonight 's Freedom Day celebration is brought to you by ... Shankman 's Rubbing Compound . When something needs rubbing , think Shankman . It costs a little more but it 's worth it ! Our planet has been through so much this past year : Wars , droughts , impeachments ! But we 've never lost our sense of what 's truly important : The great taste of Charleston Chew ! And now , let us salute that beloved symbol of freedom , our flag ... " Old Freebie ! " I 'm swelling with patriotic mucus ! In our darkest hour , we can stand erect , with proud upthrust bosoms ! Anyone who laughs is a Communist ! Knowing that , with a shifty glance skyward , we will see by the rocket 's red glare , that our flag is still there . It 's gone ! Yes fellow patriots , I ate your flag ! And I did it with pride . For to express oneself with doing a thing is the very essence of Freedom Day ! Bless this planet and all it 's wonderful people ! Kill him ! Kill the traitor ! Hey it 's the guy who desecrated our flag ! Stop that red menace ! I 'm all scuttled out ! My planet 's embassy ? They 'd pay to not kill me ! . I thought I understood this world . I thought I was fitting in . But I guess I don 't belong on here anymore than I belong on our crappy home planet . Oups ! Sorry . What sorry ? Our planet stinks , we all know it ! Enough with the persecution I 'm seeing , Zoidberg . As Ambassador I promise you the full support of our government already ! Poor boy . You want maybe a nice mug coco ? Ambassador Moyvan , you and your staff are so kind . I 'm truly humbled . What no marshmellows ? Let 's storm the place ! Without my prior knowledge . Comin ' through , freedom train , step aside , you too fatso , freedom ! Cool your jells Nixon . You wouldn 't like it that Dr Zoidberg desecrated the flag . You might even find the image of it festering in his bowels somehow offensive . But the right to freedom expression is guaranteed by the Earth constitution . Maybe so . But I know a place where the constitution doesn 't mean squat . The Supreme Court hereby accepts the case of Earth vs Zoidberg . Sock it to ' em ! 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , eating the flag is bad Now your noose knot has exactly 7 twists . You can eat my dog , you can eat my truck , but you eat my flag and you 're out of luck ! She 's waving proud around the world from Dallas to Fort Worth . Let me say it again : Don 't mess with Earth ! They sure hate Dr Zoidberg . Posers . I was hating Zoidberg before it was cool ! Where are we ever going to find a lawyer to take his case ? I 'll ask the head of the ACLU . Once he 's done singing . Don 't mess with Earth . Kill Zoidberg ! Goodnight ! Howdy there ! I 'm a lawyer ! And I 'd like to help your friend out of his pickle . Who are you old man ? Name 's Old Man Waterfall ! But most folks just call me " Old Man " I 'll never remember that ! I 'm a veteran of three dozen hunts . Name any part of the planet , I 've taken a bullet in it , on it . All to keep our flag flying free . And you wanna defend Zoidberg ? Are you familiar with the old robot saying " Does Not Compute ? " Sir to me a robot 's just a garbage can with sparks comin ' out it ! The sparks keep me warm . I don 't condone what Dr Zoidberg did but I 'll fight tooth and nail for his freedom to do it . Or I would if I hadn 't lost my teeth and nails on Mars and Saturn respectively . Wait . You 're a lawyer ? You 're hired ! Are you OK there in the embassy Zoidberg ? No . There 's no coco marshmellows . And every night the rats eat a little more of my foot . All rise for the Honorable Chief Justice Murder Thru and the associate justices . Counsel you may address the court on behalf of Earth , if you 're ready . I was hatched ready ! Honourable judge heads , yonder crawdad done ate up our flag . I was doing freedom of speech . Earth 's most sacred right . Your honour , freedom of speech applies to what comes out of a mouth . Not what goes in . Can counsel cite president ? Uh yes darling I can . In State Of Alabama vs Giant Space Iguana chewing the corners off the constituter was deemed " non-protective speech . " He shut you up O 'Connor ! Mr Waterfall . You may now present arguments on behalf of Dr Zoidberg . Oh God I 'm nervous . Two of my three hearts are having attacks . Court 's kind of fun when it 's not my ass on the line ! Nachos ? Oh Atlantic Ocean ! Your Honours . I 'm not some slick big city lawyer like my opponent here . But I am a veteran who has fought for his planet You see this hand of mine ? Yes I do . No you don 't . Cos I lost my real hand planting the flag when we took back Halley 's Comet ! Yet it was worth it . So much do I love that flag . I love it even more than I love my seven wives . That 's right , I 'm a polygamist . Yet I would gladly eat a flag myself , had I not used my intestine as a rope to hoist a flag made of my own skin . If it would protect the freedoms of the proud people who salute that flag ! Freedoms such as polygamy . I rest my case . Oh jeez ! The justices and I will now confer using high-speed telepathy . By a vote of six to three we find that flag eating is not protected by the constitution . Six to three ? How big this spread . The court orders an immediate public apology . Apology accepted . Just don 't let it happen again . She means you ya turkey out the sea ! Me ? Apologize ? Never ! I came to this planet to learn the meaning of freedom . But I say it 's you who should get a nice lesson ! So do your worst . Because no punishment could be bigger than denying me my freedom . You are hereby sentenced to death . Wait , let me finish ! Also , in a rare double-whammy decision , the court find polygamy constitutonal . I can 't wait to tell my husband ! Remember men , take him alive so there 's something left to kill ! Stay back ! This embassy is sand and mud , of the mud planet Decapod 10 ! Invading these mud premises is an act of war ! Yeah ? Well what are you going to do about it shrimpy ? You wanna see Mister Big-Shot ? Attack Earth . Yes I know its a schlep just do it ! Now the rubber band 's on the other claw ! Ready ? Retreat ! Deny my freedom will you ? Well we 'll do to you what we did the Squash Men of the Squash Planet ! Squish them ! - Charleston Chew ? - You bet ! Alright Kif ! Lets show these freaks what a bloated , runaway military budget can do ! Bring me the activation codes for our global defence network . Aye aye sir . Commence lip identification scan . No tongue ! We can 't be too careful with these codes . Rumour has it a double agent may be aboard this very ship . I 'm watching you ! You ensign , what 's your name ? Hugh Man sir ! Hugh Man ? Now that 's a name I can trust . Run down to the central battle computer and enter these codes . Um , sir ? There 's something about that ensign that 's ... You 're damn right there is ! That strapping young lad 's gunning for your job ! And he just might get it ! The enemy approaches ! Lieutenant , fire missile one and recommend me for another medal ! Make it gaudy , I 'm going clubbing later ! Tick tock ! Sir , all planetary defences have been disabled ! Perhaps the Decapodians aquired our secret codes . Somehow . Well Kif , stand by to take the blame . Steady , steady ... Now ! Dr Zoidberg . How can you claim to love freedom and then enslave all of Earth ? Your planet doesn 't deserve freedom until it learns what it is to not have freedom ! It 's a lesson I say . What the hell is this dirt pile we 're building anyhow ? None of your beeswax slave ! You 'll find out soon enough . Just focus on globbing that mud ! I 'm no good at being a slave . I 'm thinking about Graduate School . You know ? To become a barber ? This can 't go on . Today is the day we fight back ! It 's already 10 o 'clock ! Oh right ! Tomorrow is the day we fight back . Yeah ? Well good luck sister . All our modern technology is useless . I know I am . Hey wait , I 'm having one of those things . You know , a headache with pictures ! An idea ? Back in my day , we didn 't have your fancy all-digital weapons . We still managed to kill each other just fine . Ah the crossbow . A pitiless , elegant killing machine . The Bender of the 15th century . Not big enough . We need something that can take out an entire army . Something you could commit a war crime with ... Earth 's slaves , behold the fruit of your labours ! The Mobile Oppression Palace ! Neat ! I don 't need to tell you that occupation forces are expensive . But with the Mobile Oppression Palace our dignitaries can oppress your entire planet for pennies a day . Warships , dismissed ! Do your worst you sea devils ! I 'll make my stand with Old Freebie . You can crush me but you can 't crush my spirit ! Argh ! My spirit ! Great Grandpa no ! Another victim of the meno-centric male-ocracy . Ambassador Moyvan , you killed my lawyer ! You 're welcome ! He defended my freedom when no one else would . He was a good and honourable man . I request a Satanic funeral . Is it possible that all this slavery and oppression is shmutzing up our freedom lesson ? Ah take a pill Zoidberg . Begin again with the crushing ! You haven 't won yet Moyvan ! You wouldn 't expect us to even go to a museum , much less steal this ancient heat-seeking missile ! I don 't even know you ! Oh it 's gonna make such a mess ! This is your secret plan ? Heat-seeking missiles are useless against the Mobile Oppression Palace . All Decapodian technology is cold blooded like us ! All eyes on Zoidberg ! Hey I need that to smoke ! Zoidberg how could you ? I used to think you were cool . Wait , people of Earth listen . Yes I 'm desecrating a flag but to preserve the freedom it represents ! Zoidberg you set us free ! I feel like I could stand to hug you ! I can 't but you know what I 'm trying to say . Ah , if only they appreciated freedom this much on my home planet ! Wait a second ! They do ! Because this is my home planet ! And now , to raise this beautiful new flag , a red lobster that won 't ruin your dinner : Dr John Zoidberg ! You 're a nice man Nixon ! Dr Zoidberg , how 's about you take a bite of the flag for tomorrow 's papers ? Oh I couldn 't . No no no , go ahead . You 've earned it ! Well , maybe just a taste . Mmm ! Now that 's a grand old flag ! I wonder what the Shroud Of Turin tastes like ?
