 Season 5 Episode 6 Your call is being ... CONNECTED ... by SewerCom . Reach out and touch the sewers . Look Morris , it 's Leela 's calling ! Hi mom , hi dad ! Ready for your big trip to the surface ? We 're excited honey , but we don 't want to embarrass you . I mean , your mother and I are basicaly monsters . Dad relax , you are being so mutant . I found this adorable little bay to wear over my head . And it was on sale ! No one 's wearing anything adorable over their head . Now listen : I could never ever be ashamed of my parents . I 'll see you this weekend . - Guess who I just got off the videophone with . - No ! My parents ! They 're coming off from the sewers for a visit sunday ! Are you off your rocket ? You parents are mutants . It 's illegal for them to come above ground , 'cause their inferior genetic scum . Present company excluding of course ! I 'm getting them a special one-day surface permit from city hall . While are you there . Could you pick me up a licence to kill ? Sure , bare hands or weapon ? what does piano wire count as ? Good news anyone ! The swedish robot from pi-KEA is here with the supercollider I ordered . Enjøy yøur afførdable swedish crap . Let see the tools we 'll need . All right . We 're all set . Nothing like the rustic wholesomeness of working with ones own hands . There ... finished . And only six missing pieces . Those Swedes surely know how to put in almost everything you need . Man , I 'm sore all over ! I feel like a just went ten rounds with mighty Thor . I feel like I was mobbed by Jesus . I got just a thing ! Genuine Miracle Cream I bought from a travelling salesman . Come on ! come all ! he said . Step right up ! This sounds too good to be true I thought . He said I looked like a smart young man . So is it the deal ? , I enquired . Two hours later he was gone . With sixty of my dollars . But I had the Miracle Cream ! Bad news nobody . The supercollider superexploded ! I need you to take it back in exchange for wobbly CD rack and some of those ranced meatballs . Excuse me . Hi ! Do you have a minute ? I live in Jersey City and my car broke down , and I need to get back ' cause my aunt is sick and she needs this medicine but I need money for the bus . So I mugging you ! Hand over your wallets ! I don 't believe that story for a second ! It doesn 't matter , I 'm mugging you ! There is no bus to Jersey City ! Give me your wallets now , or my robot will shoot ! Don 't make me hurt you ! I 'm too scared to find my pocket Here . I just take off my pants and give you those ? Hey , I don 't like what I 'm seeing ... Give it to them Andrew ! Give it to them again Andrew ! What the ... Laser-proof shirt , eh ? I 'll show you ! Foiled , after years of planning ! You 're out of the game . How did we manage to survive ? What gave us those strange powers ? Maybe we are wearing magic rings , but they 're invisible rings , so we don 't even realize it also , you can 't feel the rings . Shut up and look at this ! May cause superpowers in humans . Superpowers drug you can just rub into your skin ! You 'd think that is something you 'd have to freebase . Let 's see which power do we have . Superstrengh ? Lickity-speed . - Check ! - Yes sir ! Ability to command the loyalty of sea creatures ? Hey Zoidberg , get in here ! Screw you ! Ain 't got that . Wow , superpowers . I 'll be able to pack my day with twice as many humdrum activities . Leela , I think you 're missing the big picture . When you were a kid , what was you biggest fantasy ? To have parents . Whatever . The correct answer is " to be a superhero " . We have superpowers and we 're americans . This is our chance . I have been looking for a way to serve the community that incorporates my violence . - Let 's do it ! - You 'll barely regret this ! A friend of mine said he mugged you today and you have superpowers ! It 's true . Thanks to this funky fresh cream . Now me and Leela are forming an awesome crimefighting duo . Wow , crimefigting , cool ! You say you 're a duo ? Duo is good ' cause sometimes you 're a little shorthanded . See you . With two humans you 'd think there would be a robot in there to balance things out , but ... whatever . I have these three costumes you could use , But ... I guess I just throw them away . We 'd love to have you on the team Bender , But aren 't you more on the supply-side of crime ? Plus the cream won 't give you superpowers , you 're robot . So , I 'm already super strong and my arms do this . Also , I got this going . Listen up New New York ! There 's a new group of superheroes in town . - And we 're ... - Quiet ! It 's 4 A.M. and I just fell asleep for the first time in thirty years ! Sorry ! A new era of justice has begun . What ? Attention , all crooks , lowlives and lawbreakers ! Do yourself a favor , and crawl back into your filthy tenements you human cockroaches , or get your ugly face punched to custard by : The New Justice Team ! Captain Yesterday . Clobberella . Et Super King . the best one in the three . Go , go , go New Justice Team Go team , go team , team team team Whose that newest Justice Team The New Justice Team Captain Yesterday is fast Also he is from the past Not just fast , but from the past Captain Yesterday ! Superking has all the power Sort of King with all the power of Superman also he 's a robot . Ain 't it cool ? Super King you rule ! Clobberella beats you up Who does she beat up ? You ! Clobberella ! Citizens , never fear Crazy do-good-freaks are here Until they run out of steam ... Miracle cream , miracle cream ! Gives the power to the team It 's effects wear off for sure So they just slop on some more The New Justice Team ! Captain Yesterday , I find your skin-tight highwaters incredibly sexy . Let 's get together sometime . Sure , I 'm listed in the phonebook , so once I reveal my real name to along with my home address and a copy of my birth certificate ... Are you crazy ? ! We have to keep our secret identity secret . - From everybody ? - Especially from everybody ! Give several reasons why . For one : superheroes cause a lot of collateral damage . And we don 't want to get our butts sued ? Or do we ? No , I guess not . Also , if our identities get out , every crook in the city will be after us . Or , God forbid , our loved ones . Superking has no need for loved ones . How 're you doing kid ? There you go . Two one day mutant surface passes . Thank you mayor Poopenmeyer . Mayor here . What 's that ? A horrible crime in the works , ruthless villain ! Citizens in danger ? That 's fantastic news ! Because I 've get to summon the New Justice Team . - They 're usually here by now . - Well , so long . Keep in touch . Wait ! Stay and meet the superheroes . There 's three of you and three of them , so it 'll be perfect . Is this clown on ? Where are those daring crime stoppers ? Oh , I completely forgot , I left my apartment on fire ! As for me , I 'm late for my LSET 's . And I can 't take life anymore ! Clobberella , Captain Yesterday , my Lege , you 're just in time . We 've received a tip that the museum of natural history will be robbed tomorrow at exactly 9 A.M. The target : the priceless Quantum Gemerald . Who 's the purp ? A dangerous villain known as the ZOO Keeper . Who commits crimes aided by a pack of highly trained animals . Pack of highly ... I got it ! His crew includes a badger with a troubled past with nothing left to lose , An elephant who never forgets ... to kill , and a seldom used crab named Lucky , aka " Citizen Snips " You can count on us , mister mayor . Justice away ! Hold the elevator ! We 're in here , too . how you 're gonna meet your folks tomorrow , we 've already scheduler the ZOO Keeper for a 9 AM foiling at the museum . Not a problem . I 've cleverly arranged to meet my parents right there at the same museum at 10 . Nine , ten , a big fat head ! and named Bender . I can 't believe the ZOO Keeper is this late for his own heist ! It 's just ... rude ! Total hell , it 's ten ! I 'm suposed to meet my parents and I 'm still in my secret costume . There they are . How can Leela not be here . Do you think she forgot ? Relax ! I 'm sure she 's just ashamed of us . Yo , freakjobs ! Hit the nearest manhole , pronto-like . But we have passes that allow us to be up here . From mayor himself . I don 't know , I never heard of no mayor . The ZOO Keeper ! Sorry , I 'm late , long story . Now everybody hit the deck ! I 'm cutting the entire line and stealing the exhibit ! You 're not stealing anything ! Nobody hit the deck ! The super heroes , or should I say : super zeros ? That was uncalled-for . Animals , attack ! Please do not feed the animals ! You 'll go down my friend , down under ! Man boxing a kangaroo is a peculiar spectacle . But a kangaroo boxing a robot .. now I 'm afraid you 've lost me . Citizen snips ! Nice job , fingers ! I 'm scared and confused . I think we walked into an odd Broadway play ! No , they are way too many people here . Later , if anyone asks when I got away , tell them right now ! Forget it ZOO Keeper . You going in the captivity . Fool ! A quip of putting me behind bars would have been far more delicious . - Here ! Catch ! - No Fry , you can 't fall fast enough ! I got it ! I got it ! I don 't got it ! You saved the Gemerald . Yet , the ZOO Keeper escaped ! That 's proving that the deadliest animal of all , is the ZOO Keeper . You can get off me anytime . Oh no , my parents are leaving . I 've got to go change back in the street Leela . Thank you mysterious heroes . The value of the Gemerald you saved is sligtly greater than the cost of damage you caused to this museum . A net gain for a great city . It 's good that Leela doesn 't love us . She 'll be less sad when we die . Mom , dad ? I showed up ! And I 've got the audio tour for treasures in Liberacci 's tomb . Sweetie , it 's OK . You don 't have to apologize for standing and sapping the only visit to surface we 'll ever have . I wanted to tell you why I didn 't show up . But I can 't . Just please believe me that it was a very good reason . I 'm sorry I disappointed you . - Leela , you could never disappoint us . - We 're so proud of everything that you are , and we always will be , because you are our baby girl . Oh , I can 't take it . Mom , dad ... I 'm Clobberella ! - You 're kidding us ! - You 're superhero ? But that 's wonderful ! But did you have to make the costume so revealing ? Look at me , proud dad of superhero . We should print up T-shirts and F-shits for our friends with two arms on the same side . No , listen . It 's very important that you never ever tell anyone under any circumstance . - What if I had a few ? - Dad , you drink ? No not even then ! Allright . My sucker is sealed . In fact , I shouldn 't even be wearing this surround here . It was brisk , I dressed in layers . That 's my girl ! So eh , anyway , my daugher is Clobberella . Leela is Clobberella ? You pulling me ! Keep it on the suck . It 's a big secret , that 's why I 'm only telling you two . Oh my god , thay guy 's daughter is Clobberella . - But don 't tell anyone . - Got you ! Greetings superheroes , remember me ? I don 't remember much buddy , and you no looker . Ah , Professor , isn 't it time for your nap ? Yes , dammit ! ZOO Keeper , how you know our real identities ? Let 's just say a little bird told me . Leela told her parents , Leela 's parents blabbed . Leela , is the person that parrot is mimiking telling the truth by proxy ? Yes . My parents were so hurted , I couldn 't help it . But I distinctly told them to not tell anyone . We are not amused ! And here is something you may or may not find interesting . Mom , dad ! Leela please forgive us ! Especially your father who 's the one who told . Thank you very much , Morris . Are you alright ? Has he hurt you ? No , but my allergies are going nuts . Oh God ! Every couching table is animal fur all over it , he lets them climb on everything . Allright ZOO Keeper , what do you want ? Why ? The Quantum Gemerald of course . You must steal it for me by midnight , or your parents will be devored by piranhas that I have , shall we say , persuaded to walk on dry land . Save us , Leela ! I mean , if you don 't have anything better to do . We 're out of options . We have to steal the Gemerald . But , should superheroes commit a crime ? Even to save lives ? I need moral guidance . Bender ? The thought of stealing anything fills Superking with disgust , but if it must be so , then let the museum heist be pulled ! Oh no , our superpower cream is out of itself . Check inside the cap , there might be a caked-in goldmine . El zocho , I 'm afraid we 're bound . El zocho . Hey , is it too late to change my superhero name ? Just be cool . Nobody knows we 're superpowerly challenged . Man , this costume is so damn heavy . Capitaine Yesterday ! Can I like whack at you with this 2 by 4 and it does not hurt you ? Hi , superheroes , everything OK ? Big O little k , my friend . - Just check that everything is allright . - It 's OK , allright ? OK then . Grab it ! Yo , the superheroes have turned evil , most uncool . Get them ! Stay back ! Or we 'll beat the tar out of you using superpowers . - So this is your lair ? - Of course not . You think I show my lair ? My lair is a million times nicer than this . OK . Take it easy ! Well here is your lousy gemerald . Hawk , fetch . That 's unnecessary . Our transaction is complete . Come Solomon , to the lair . Mom , dad , oh , I 'm so sorry , I got you kidnapped by a crazy madman who tried to feed you to piranhas . We are just happy to be involved in your life . No , no , it 's my fault for telling you I was superhero . That 's true . I just couldn 't stand you 'd have to think about I ashamed of you . That 's sweet honey . but ... it 's natural for children to be a little ashamed of their parents Oh , yeah ! Just like it 's natural for parents to be a little disappointed of their children . No , not we are ! But you could call a little more often . New Title And would it kill you to use some mouthwash ? Hey Fry , we are still guys in costumes on Wanna steal some more stuff ? I guess , as long as you think it 's right . Superheroes away ! Go , go , go New Justice Team Fighting justice is their quest Super King , Clobberella And all the rest Here 's to you new Justice Team Do the things that make a team Help each other do some things Winners don 't use drugs ! The New Justice Team ! script : K5 crew , Joke0 - 11 march 2003 ( v2 )
