 Damn , Jim , you fell asleep ? We 're on a stakeout , man . I guess . I don 't know . - What happened over there ? - What are you talking about ? The house , man . Front door 's wide open . How long you been out ? We 'd better check it . The light 's out . The door 's open . I don 't like this . Looks like they all left . I 'm not so sure . This can 't be . Oh , God . Stedman . They 're all dead . Yeah . It 's , uh , it 's Agent Scully . I 'm sorry to wake you . What 's up ? I got a call about 20 minutes ago from Assistant Director Skinner . - He has a situation . - What is it ? An agent is dead . Um , Skinner had him surveilling a religious cult in Pittsburgh . And all the followers are dead , as well . What happened ? He 's having difficulty determining that . I 'll pick you up . I 'm sorry , Agent Doggett . I can 't go . Agent Scully ? Um , something unexpected has come up . You all right ? Yeah , I 'm , I 'm fine . - Will I see you later ? - Uh , as soon as I can . Miss Scully ? The doctor wants to see you right away . - Where 's Agent Scully ? - Running late . What do we have ? One of our men doing routine surveillance on a cult group- - the Ibogan Temple . We had a tip they were trafficking narcotics . Nobody suspected anything like this . Agent James Leeds . Six-year veteran of the Bureau , father of two . Patrol cop found him . Car was locked from the inside . - Nobody saw or heard anything ? - No . This couldn 't have happened here . Blood splatter on the seat says it did . It 's too narrow . There 's no room to swing the weapon . Besides , it doesn 't make any sense . The gun 's still holstered and the key 's in the ignition . Even if he fell asleep- - This is damn weird . It gets weirder . These people were all killed the same way as our guy . All 20 cult members dead from a single deep wound to the forehead . Is this every member ? Except one . Their leader , Anthony Tipet , is missing . Tipet was a convicted murderer who claimed to have found God . We didn 't think we were dealing with an apocalyptic cult . We 've seen this kind of thing before . Jonestown , Heaven 's Gate . I don 't care how devoted they were . These people wouldn 't just lie here and let their leader bash their brains in . I got to figure at least one of them would have had a problem with that . It 's something I 've considered . I 'm running tox tests on all the bodies for drugs . Does that include our man in the car ? A.D. Skinner ? We 're still unable to locate Agent Stedman . Angus Stedman ? Leeds ' partner . Do you know him ? Where 'd you look ? He wasn 't checked into the same motel as Leeds . He 's not answering his cell or his pager . - Did you check his condo ? - His condo ? Yeah , Stedman 's from Pittsburgh . He keeps a condo here that belonged to his folks . Angus Stedman , it 's John Doggett . Doggett ! The body is but clay a shell made by God to hold the twin aspects of the Holy Spirit : light and dark . If we have the courage to see into darkness we see into God free of the clay which confines us . Anthony Tipet served 12 years for the bludgeoning death of his wife . After his release , he became a minister preaching a hybrid of evangelical and Eastern religions . He claimed a higher plane of being could be reached by the via negativa- - the path of darkness- - the plane closer to God . Once reached , it would let the spirit travel unhindered . Tipet believed hallucinogens would lead him to this plane- - specifically compounds of the bark of an African tree ... the Iboga . You 're saying all these people were so stoned on this bark they just let their leader kill them ? We found no trace of the drug in the blood in any of the victims . I don 't understand . How in the hell did Tipet manage to slaughter all these people ? Tipet was paranoid but nothing indicates he was ready to take the lives .. ... of his own people or our men . This is our one and only suspect . Are you telling me he didn 't do it ? Whoever did this left not even a trace how : no prints , no forensic evidence whatsoever . Agent Leeds ' sedan , the cult house , Agent Stedman 's condo were all locked from the inside . That 's impossible . Unless Tipet took the drug and succeeded . Unless his consciousness was there but his body was somewhere else . The X-File explanation . I take it this theory comes from Agent Scully ? Agent Scully has yet to reach any conclusions , sir . That 's the problem . I 'm not hearing conclusions from either one of you . If this man has reached a higher plane then explain to me why 22 people are dead including two FBI agents . Now I want to hear what you 're going to do about it . If I 'm working this case , I 'd appreciate a heads up before you tell the deputy director any more science fiction stories . Hey , I don 't have another explanation . Those guys in there are right . This whole story doesn 't make a damn bit of sense . I 'm supposed to give those guys in there answers , Agent Doggett . You 're supposed to help me do that . Tipet 's on the run . Find him , and we just might . Spare change ? I don 't have anything . Sorry . Now , come on , man . I know you got something ' cause I hear jingling in your pocket . You don 't want to know me . Pick up the phone , damn you . Pick up the damn phone ! You did this . You ... did this . God help you , Andre . I can 't . Agent Doggett . Coroner 's report . Victims all killed by a single blow from an ax blade , six to eight inches long . These photos of wound patterns don 't match up to any known make or manufacturer . This fit the description ? It 's a ceremonial ax used over a thousand years ago to cleave the skulls of unbelievers . This was required reading for Tipet 's followers . - Is this our weapon ? - No , sir . It 's on permanent display in a Calcutta museum . Another dead end . Like everything else in this case . I 'm a good investigator but you know as well as I do I 'm not the agent that should be investigating this case . Agent Scully can 't be here . - You spoke to her ? - Tonight . She told me to tell you she 's fine . She 's taking some personal time . I 've got 22 people dead , and she 's taking personal time ? You 're not listening to what I 'm telling you . Do your best without her . Spare change ? I 'll take whatever you got . Sir ? I think we caught a break . A homeless man was found dead in Pittsburgh two hours ago . I had them e-mail me some digital photos . Any witnesses ? A man fitting Tipet 's description was I.D. ' d using the pay phone earlier in the night . So we got something ? No . There 's no concrete evidence against him . There 's no fingerprints , no hair and fiber . - You got the guy at the scene . - There 's nothing to link him to the murder itself , Agent Doggett . Well , I 'm supposed to believe this guy doped his way into another plane of reality ? That his spirit is going around killing people ? All right , just suppose- - Suppose that this drug finally did what Tipet said it would . That his spirit could be in one place ... - ... while his body was in another . - Then tell me why he 's doing it . If he 's looking for God , why is he killing people ? Just ' cause I 'm assigned to the X-Files you want me to think like Scully or Mulder would . You got the wrong guy . I need facts , not wild ideas . All right . Then consider this one . I had Pittsburgh P.D. check the log on that pay phone . 10 : 12 p.m. , a call was placed to one Andre Bormanis . He 's a convicted drug dealer that served time with Tipet . That number 's a D.C. area code . FBI . Open up . Mr. Bormanis ? Andre Bormanis ? Doctor Bormanis . Agent Doggett . Agent Skinner . Can we have a word with you ? You always up at this hour Dr. Bormanis ? It 's when I dissect my rats . Neighbors can 't hear ' em screaming . That 's a joke . You spoke to Anthony Tipet earlier this evening . My machine picked up . I missed the call . What did he want ? We need to find him , Dr. Bormanis . This man may have murdered 23 people . Twenty-three ? You-You said 22 . Another man died tonight . I 'm not doing anything illegal here . I just- - I just made him stuff . You mean drugs . You supplied Anthony Tipet with drugs , isn 't that right ? Hallucinogens were Tipet 's way into the depths of the soul the heights of consciousness planes of being that our feeble brain chemistry ... - ... cannot begin to imagine . - Is that why you cut yourself ? Or is that the , uh ... - ... mark of the initiated ? - It 's protection . At least I hope it is . Nobody took the trips but Tipet . See , only his mind was strong enough . You know , I can 't tell , Doctor , whether you admire Tipet or you 're afraid of him . Those people he killed last night did they admire him , too ? - What are you doing ? - Taking you in for questioning . On what charges ? I just ... I just explained it to you . Don 't ! Look- - I need that ! No ! Don 't-Don 't leave me ! Please ! Don 't leave me ! Agent Doggett ? It 's Agent Scully . Agent Scully . Skinner told me about the case . I know that you covered for me . You didn 't have to do that . It 's all right . I appreciate your discretion . Yeah , well , it 's easy to be discreet when you don 't know what 's going on . - Are you okay ? - I 'm fine . Skinner says that you 're around the clock on this thing . You need to get your rest . Yeah , I just grabbed a few winks . I asked him to contact some friends of Mulder 's . I think they 'll be able to help . I appreciate all the help I can get . Doggett , you 're a good agent . Trust your instincts . Lab tests showed that the drug that Bormanis was cooking up .. ... was some kind of a super amphetamine . Legal or not , no one 's ever seen it before . Do you think it was intended for Tipet ? He wants it for himself . He doesn 't want to go to sleep . Doggett ? I want to talk to him ... now . Can we get this gate open ? Get it open now ! Agent Doggett , what is it ? Open it up . ... stories that belong to Mulder and Scully , not us . Come on , Byers . - We have a right to information . - It 's not our information . How many times have we saved Mulder 's butt ? How many times have we saved Scully 's ? I 'm telling you , these files are theirs . They 're private . And I 'm telling you Mulder wouldn 't mind . We practically solved half these cases for him . Yeah , Byers , quit your whining- - nobody likes a crybaby . Agent Scully asked us to give our assistance not to go through her f-files . - Like she 's going to care . - Yeah , right . Can I help you gentlemen ? You must be Agent Doggett . I 'm ... John Byers . Uh , these are my associates Melvin Frohike and Richard Langly . You 're the guys Scully told me about . - Mulder 's friends ? - Yes , that 's us . You publish the Lone Gunman newspaper ? Our reputation precedes us . Yeah . Read Mulder 's files . Then you know how badly you 're gonna need our help . We 've reviewed your case , as Agent Scully asked . Mondo bizarro . No offense , man , but you 're in way over your head . What help can you give me ? Hit the lights . Are you familiar with this image ? In the Renaissance it represented an all-seeing god . That 's why our Founding Fathers put it on the dollar bill . We believe its meaning here relates to Eastern religion , a belief in the third eye or what the Hindus call the sahasrara . A third eye ? We all have a third eye . If we could open it , we 'd see a new reality one closer to God . At least that 's what Kesey told me on the bus back in ' 64 . You were not on the bus with Kesey in ' 64 . I got the pictures to prove it , my longhaired friend . Before or after you partied with the Stones at Altamont ? - Don 't be a boob . Altamont was in the ' 70s . - Whatever . I see where you guys are going with this . Tipet believes he opened his third eye . Yes , exactly . But the placement of the wounds on his victims could suggest he 's trying to destroy theirs . Yeah . That could be . But if he 's moved closer to God , why kill ' em ? And how ? We don 't know why . But we might tell you how . You 've heard of MK Ultra ? The CIA mind control project started in the ' 50s . They gave LSD to a bunch of people to see what would happen . Didn 't bother telling them first . They understood the power of hallucinogens to harness the mind . Tipet was the one on hallucinogens , not his victims . The CIA invested millions trying to create psychic assassins failing where Tipet has evidently succeeded . Reaching a drug-induced higher consciousness using his mind as a weapon against his victims . The assassin makes his victims think they 're being hit by an ax . - Or any number of nightmares . - They believe it ... it happens . What if Tipet could invade his victims ' consciousness in their sleep ? I mean , that 's why you 'd be afraid to fall asleep , right ? If you thought your nightmares might come true ? You believe that ? No but if Tipet does he 'll need more drugs to keep killing . That 's not bad for a beginner . Doggett , someone 's been here . Anthony Tipet . Anthony Tipet ! Step away from the saw . You don 't understand . Just step away from the saw . I didn 't want this to happen but I can 't stop it . He understands . He saw what can happen- - what will happen unless I stop it . I want a stat trauma panel with full tox EKG and metabolic profile . Keep that compress on his head . Agent , this man needs to be admitted . You need to sign him in . " Dana Scully - 4 : 10 a.m. " " Acute Abdominal Pain " Come in , Agent Doggett . A.D. Skinner was telling me you could shed light .. ... on the reason for Tipet 's suicide attempt . Yes , sir , um ... " Via negativa " - - the path of darkness . Tipet believed he reached it . Uh , he believed that the drugs took him inside the subconscious minds of anyone he knew making the most horrific , irrational dream imagery of their nightmares come true . That 's why he tried to kill himself , to make it stop . Excellent job , gentlemen . Have your reports on my desk 0900 . Case isn 't over yet , sir . A.D. Skinner tells me our suspect 's lying hospitalized in a coma . Now you 're saying it 's not over ? We have no murder weapon , no forensic evidence . Unless we accept Tipet 's own beliefs which you yourself characterize as preposterous- - - It 's over , Agent Doggett . - We have no way of explaining how he killed any of these people . I said it 's over , Agent Doggett . I don 't need every " I " dotted or every " T " crossed to know that we 've got our man . This is Dana Scully . Please leave a message . Agent Scully , I think we caught the guy who did it . But it- - still it- - ... it just doesn 't add up . It 's the damnedest thing I ever saw . I know this will sound strange , but there 's a , there 's a part of me says what if- - what if this guy was right , you know ? What if I should have let him die ? I 'm not making a whole lot of sense . Maybe I just need some sleep . If you get this message and feel up to it you give me a call . Is the assistant director in ? That 'll be great . Thanks . John . Excellent work out there , John . Just excellent . Agent Doggett . Is something wrong ? I 'm not sure ... I 'm awake . You think this is a dream ? I mean , you standing here talking to me ? All those people out there ? Last night I dreamt Tipet was inside my house holding an ax . I thought I woke up this morning . I thought I was awake , but-but then- - What do you want me to do , pinch you ? You 're already awake . Stedman and Leeds must have experienced the same thing all Tipet 's victims . Everything seemed real but it was a dream a dream that ended in their deaths . Anthony Tipet is in a coma , never to regain consciousness . He knows me now . He can enter in my dreams . Listen to me . You 've had a tough couple days . You 're tired . Go home , get some rest . She 's going to die . I 'm not going to let you do that . I 'm sorry . I 'm not going to kill her . You are . Agent Doggett ? Agent Doggett . Hi . How 'd you get here ? Your door was unlocked . You just saved my life , Agent Scully . I just woke you up , Agent Doggett . Tipet 's in my dreams . If you hadn 't woken me up just now- - Anthony Tipet is dead . I got the call from Skinner on my way over here . He never regained consciousness . Are you okay ? I seem to be , yes . Well , if you need some more time off- - No . I 'm , um ... I 'm back at work now . That must have been some nightmare you just had . Tipet thought he 'd find God by looking in the darkness inside himself . You don 't think he succeeded ? In my dreams , I- - I saw terrible violent images . Scared the living daylights out of me . These things are a part of me . I can 't deny that , but ... maybe- - ... maybe they didn 't come from me . Then where 'd they come from ? It was a bad dream , Agent Doggett but that 's all it was .
