 Land sakes , George , what are you trying to do ? I was trying to be quiet . Quiet ? I smelled you on the stairs . 39 years , I 'm still surprised that embalming fluid of yours doesn 't wake the dead . Didn 't wake old Zeke McPherson tonight , God rest his soul . You go outside and take those clothes of yours off so I can rest mine . George ! I 'm going , Tahoma , I 'm going . What the hell ? What the hell is that ? George ? So , this is where the bad kids are banished to . Put me down here I 'd probably cook up a lot of crazy ideas , too . Good morning . Morning . I 'll catch you guys later . Some friends ... they 're just curious . I 'm not here to be a curiosity , Agent Doggett . I 'm here to work . I am , too , Agent Scully . I 've been here all weekend and early this morning went over every X-File in the cabinet there . Just left to get some coffee . Well ... Do you have any questions ? Just a few . Maybe first you could tell me where your area is here and where mine 's going to be . This is my partner 's office , Agent Doggett . You and I will just be using it for a while . - So , where do we get started ? - Homicides : Two ... in Idaho . White male , 62 , undertaker by profession , he was killed on his front porch about ten feet away from his wife . Holy god . Cause of death was blood loss from numerous deep wounds from bites . Any thoughts , any questions ? - " Bites " ? - On his head torso and hands . Two of his fingers are missing ... eaten off . By what , an animal ? These were murders . The , uh , bites on his wife appear to be human . I 've seen some violent crimes , ... I mean , some seriously screwed up stuff , but , uh this is extreme . Is there demonstration of motive ? Not according to local P.D. Is there any pattern , uh ... ritual or anything ? I have to admit , Agent Scully , I 'm at a loss . Well , that 's a good place to start . - You the folks from the FBI ? - Yeah . Yale Abbott , Cassia County Sheriff 's . Hi . Agent Scully . This is Agent Doggett . We like to think we can handle our own problems around here but a couple hotshots up in the county seat seem to think this is beyond us . Not that we don 't appreciate your coming out all this way to give us a hand . Well , I hope we can . I have to admit I 'm a little baffled by what I 've seen . Oh , really ? Understand , Detective , that we 've seen cases like yours regularly on our unit . Agent Doggett has only just been assigned to the X-Files . I can assure you that there 's nothing baffling about human bite marks . Well , that 's just what I was getting around to , ma 'am . We 're not so sure now that these bites are human . The bodies were discovered by neighbors , so there was contamination of the general crime scene . My boys did a real damn good job of separating the various shoe prints and pulling these . Come on over . Right there , see that ? What is it ? - It 's not human , I know that . - It 's not quite animal , either . There 's only four toes . That 's not an unheard of birth defect . Uh , no more rare than polydactylism . What did she just say ? I assume she means it could be human . Is that a fair assumption ? I say that assumption is the problem here . A strange print is found and immediately the most important piece of evidence is just thrown out to try and force an explanation . Maybe this print can help explain those bite marks . - How ? - I 'm not quite sure yet . She 's not quite sure yet . Well , I have to say I 've worked a lot of homicides but if the victims laid out here for any time at all in a setting like this , it 'd be pretty remarkable if they didn 't attract animals . I think that postmortem predation is definitely a consideration here , but I only see one print and if it were an animal there would be numerous prints all over here and in the yard . You agree , Agent Doggett ? I 'm going to go take a look around . You know , I got two old folks in the morgue mauled beyond recognition . I have no motive to go on , no intent . There 's not one shred of evidence that cries out for a human explanation , yet you stand there telling me flat out that what we 're looking for is a man . Thanks for everything , Agent Scully . We 'll take it from here . I 'm sure your explanation will mollify all those hotshots down at the county seat , Detective . And relieve any general anxiety about what this thing might be but only until it strikes again . And one more thing : I never said that what you 're looking for is a man . Agent Scully . Is that a second print ? It could be but I 'm not sure if it tells us anything . Well , maybe there 's no prints in the yard because whatever made these didn 't go through the yard . It came through the house . Well , if anything , I 'd say this print leads up the stairs . Think I 've got another partial here . You know , there is a more obvious explanation . The more basic answer is what we 're dealing with here is simply a man . A psychotic killer with a deformed foot . You 're familiar with the principle of Occam 's Razor ? Yeah . You take every possible explanation and you choose the simplest one . Agent Mulder used to refer to it as " Occam 's Principle of Limited Imagination . " Unless you have a simple explanation as to how a killer with a deformed foot leaves a print only every 25 feet . No . Or to what he 'd even be doing up here . I don 't know . I 'm trying to figure it out just like you are . Agent Doggett . Dark up here . What do you see ? Agent Scully ? Right now , not a heck of a lot . If there was anything up here it might have gone out that window . You ever carry one of these ? Never . " V " for victory . What ? You said the male victim was missing two fingers ? Well , how did the fingers get up here ? Well , from their smell , I 'd say they were regurgitated . Recently . By what ? I saw those on the porch , too . Looks like , to me ... I don 't know . Like it was ... it was ... Hanging there ? - You 're still here . - Yeah . Well , I was waiting for some lab results and then I wanted to take another look at the body . Why ? What did you find ? Nothing that will allay anyone 's fears about what killed this man or his wife . " What " ? You mean " who " killed them . Well , to be honest , what I found here leans more towards an animal explanation . The , uh , scratches on the body match the four-toed prints that we found . And the bites have fang-like tears . What I thought were marks left by human molars are now inconclusive because of enzymes that were found in the bites which are clearly inhuman - anticoagulents which are found solely in the saliva of bats . Bats . I can 't exactly explain it but I realize that I owe the Detective an apology . Well , I 'm not so sure about that . Montana headline circa 1956 . The story 's the same as what you told me . " The creature was taken to the county coroner who confirmed it was neither man nor animal . " Two days later , the county coroner was disemboweled by something with sharp teeth and four-toed claws . Something that ate several body parts and regurgitated them elsewhere . Did they ever find it ? Five men died or disappeared and then the killing stops . Doesn 't say why . But 44 years later it appears that it 's back and killing again . You see those marks , right ? And the ones over here on the rafter ? If you ask me , those look like claw marks . I don 't care what kind of a savage he is , what did this isn 't human . Well , if I may speak for Agent Scully , I think we 're both prepared to concede that point , Detective . Then you know what this thing is ? I 've got a newspaper article I want to show you . - Agent Doggett ... - A rather strange account from 1956 ... I found something . A photo album . I think it 's our first break on this case . What is it ? The victim 's daughter- - Ariel- - her dead body was pulled ... - ... from the river here last week . - I got that call . Had to come tell Mrs. McKesson the bad news . You trying to say there 's some kind of connection ? Well , you not only told her mother that her 62-year-old daughter was dead but that her body had been horribly and inexplicably burned . A daughter who , by the way , she hadn 't even seen in over 40 years . Since 1956 , to be exact- - which is the date your article says those first killings started . Do you see the connection ? I 'm not , uh ... sure where you 're going with this , Agent Scully . - The daughter is the connection . - How is that ? I don 't know exactly but these killings only started up since her burned body has been found . Honest to god . You just jump at whatever explanation is the wildest and most far-fetched , don 't you ? Well , I suggest that you jump at it , too because her body may have been burned for a reason and you 're going to want to exhume it in order to find out why . You want me to dig up a dead body when I have real people out there whose lives are in real danger ? What did you say to him ? Well , I told him to dig up the body . Isn 't that what you wanted ? What else did you say to him ? Well , I told him that you were ... um ... a leading authority on paranormal phenomena and who are we to argue with an expert . Look , I am not an expert . I am a scientist who happens to have seen a lot . I am just making a leap here . Well , I am sure you have your reasons . Look , so , so , what , you told him to exhume the body when you don 't even necessarily believe me yourself ? I told you I spent the weekend looking through that cabinet full of X-Files and I saw how pretty much every X-File broke- - with a leap . Now , maybe I 'm just an old-fashioned cop but I don 't take leaps . In my experience leaps only get people killed . Well , I 'd say that you 're taking a pretty big leap believing in that article about a human bat . I don 't know how you do it . Called the judge 's order in a half ago . You guys are fast . Yep , we 're really fast when someone 's done most of our work . What are you talking about ? We got out here , somebody had already dug up the box . All we had to do was haul it out . I don 't know what they were using but they scratched up the wood on the lid real good . See ? Let 's get this down to the morgue . I think the sooner , the better . God ! I want a word with you . Look , we listened to you . The Detective listened to you . We could have been out hunting this thing down , Agent Doggett . - You should be doing that now . - Now ? Now 's too late for the Detective , isn 't it ? Look , we don 't need you telling us what to do or your partner . She 's the one responsible for this . Nobody 's responsible for this except for whatever did it . Look , I don 't care who she is or what she is , she 's not touching that body . We don 't need her far-out theories . She 's not welcome here . What happened to the lynch mob ? You hear all that ? I heard enough . Things have taken a little turn . I don 't think so , Agent Doggett . Well , you can think what you want but I think this looks bad for the FBI . - It was unavoidable . - How do you figure that ? This is the body pulled from the river . She died of natural causes- - congestive heart failure- - ... but her body was only burned afterwards . - By who , and why burn it ? - Well , obviously to cover something up . - Yeah , but what ? - That 's what I still don 't know . Look , we know what we 're looking for . We should be out there looking for it . We 're not going to catch it standing here speculating . Look , it kills like an animal , but with purpose . It stalked the detective for the same reason that it stalked the old woman and the undertaker . Each of those victims had had contact with this burnt body . The undertaker prepared it . Her mother ID 'd it and the Detective got the call when she was found . Well , who else would have had contact with it ? The , uh , man who found her in the river . A , uh , Myron Stefaniuk . - Stefaniuk ? - Yeah . One of the hunters in the photo in 1956 was Ernie Stefaniuk . There 's an address in his file . I hope we 're not too late . Mr. Stefaniuk ? Myron Stefaniuk ? - That 's me . - Good . Sorry . You gave us a bit of a scare . We went to your home up the road and we couldn 't find you . Why would that scare you ? Well , sir , we work with the FBI and we have reason to believe ... - ... that your life may be in danger . - I 'm in danger ? Well , we 're investigating some murders , sir , that we believe may be connected to the burnt body that you found recently . I fished it out of the river . - What have I got to do with anything ? - Well , we 're not saying for sure that you do . It may just be your connection to the body . There is no connection . I just fished it out of the river . - Well , sorry , sir , but that may be enough . - It 's nonsense . Leave me alone . Ernie Stefaniuk . Lived in Montana in 1956 . Do you know him ? Ernie was my brother . He was one of three hunters that killed a man that was half animal . Please ! That was a long time ago . Do you know where we can find him to talk with him , sir ? My brother 's dead . That thing killed him . Well , I have a newspaper story that says your brother disappeared . That was 40 years ago . Leave it alone ! Leave me alone ! You know , we 've been out here for nine hours . The only thing this man seems to be in danger of is terminal loneliness . Maybe I 'm wrong . Maybe this is all just a a grand coincidence and we 're wasting our time out here . You were so sure before . Yeah , I was sure of the facts as I had deduced them scientifically . Maybe I 'm ... I 'm trying to force them into shape . Maybe I 'm manufacturing a theory . Well , what happened to taking a leap ? Maybe I 'm just trying too hard . To do what ? To be Mulder ? You know , I 'm not Oxford educated . About all I know about the paranormal is men are from Mars and women are from Venus . But I don 't think you 're wrong , Agent Scully . What makes you say that ? Well , I 'm no Fox Mulder , but I can tell when a man 's hiding something . Myron Stefaniuk fishes a woman out of the river who 's been gone for 40 years . He has a brother he hasn 't seen in over 40 years . A brother who just happened to hunt down some kind of creature over 40 years ago . Well , what does he have to hide ? Well , that 's what I 'm hoping this good cop work is going to show us . You there ! Stop right there ! I see him . Stop where you are ! Put your hands up and out ! Now , turn around , slowly . Are you Ernie Stefaniuk ? Yeah . How 's a man supposed to live when his fear becomes obsession ? You 'd do the same thing . Who wouldn 't who wanted to live ? You never left the island ? 44 years- - I wouldn 't dare knowing it was out there . That it could come back for me . You know something about it ? About what this thing is ? I know on the evolutionary ladder bats are real close by the apes and just as we came from the apes so might a man , sprung from a bat . To live and hunt like a bat but with the cold-blooded vengeance of a man . Even if that were true , sir , how could it possibly find you out here on an island ? I needed to cut off all contact . Communication could be only one-way . My brother helped me . And then there was my wife . It was her body your brother pulled in . She gave up everything to be with me . I forbade her to tell her mother . 44 years on six acres of island , she made only one demand . To be buried in consecrated earth . She was a Catholic her whole life . Mr. Stefaniuk ... It 's killed four people . All of whom would have had traces of your scent through various degrees of contact with your wife 's body . - My brother ? - Your brother 's okay , Ernie . But he had contact with Ariel 's body . It 'll come after him , too . He 's all right . We spoke with him earlier today . Today ? Today , he might have been fine but this thing hunts likes a bat . It only attacks at night . Stay here . Stay with him . I still don 't understand . What 's that ? - How 'd you find me out here ? - We followed your brother . No , I mean who figured it out ? I was sure that what we were looking for was something other than a man . The detective who was running the case didn 't believe that , and he 's dead . But your partner , he believed it ? I think he does now . So it was you who figured it . Well , I ... I made the connections but it was Agent Doggett that got us out here . You ought to be wishing he hadn 't . Excuse me ? The moment you stepped foot here ... You 're marked now , you know that . Sir , I 'm here to protect you . And how are you going to do that ? You thought of everything ... Except that . Well , this thing , Mr. Stefaniuk is still flesh and blood . It can be killed . What do you think ? It 's just going to come walking through the door , there ? It 's waited 44 years . It 'll wait out there as long as it takes until you can 't stand it anymore . How long can you wait , huh ? A lifetime ? To live in fear like this , a young woman- - ... are you prepared to sacrifice family , children and spend your life terrorized by a monster ? What is that ? It 's ground radar . The sensor 's set at ten feet high . Anything big enough to set it off is coming in through the trees . You hear it ? No . Maybe I got it . Maybe I killed it . If you 've got a gun , get it . Agent Scully . - You okay ? - Yeah . I 'm okay . But you 're not , Agent Doggett . I got you . TWO WEEKS LATER Sorry I 'm late . I received a fax up in my old office from Ernie 's brother , Myron Stefaniuk . He 's alive ? Where is he ? He doesn 't say . He sent this from a small storefront business just across the state line in Wyoming . He 's gone into hiding . Do you believe it , Agent Doggett ? Believe it ? That this thing is still out there and someday it 's going to come after us ? I 'm pretty sure I hit it , Agent Scully . Pretty sure you hit it , too . The guys upstairs were making some noise about this case- - ... about what 's in our field report . Yeah . You 'll get used to it . I , uh ... I never had a desk in here , Agent Doggett , but I 'll see that you get one . All right . And I just want to say , um ... Thank you for watching my back . Well , I never saw it as an option . I 'm sure you don 't either .
