 Marie ! No ! Please ! Oh , God ! Mulder was dying ... It 's all right here . For a year he was going to doctors . There 's a clear record of his decline . How well did you really know him ? How far would Mulder go ? How far would he go for what ? The truth ... his truth . Whatever you and I may differ on ... I 'll find him , Agent Scully . You must be Special Agent Doggett . I 'm Sheriff Frey . Just call me Kurt . I appreciate the help , Kurt . Shame to have you drive all the way up here on a Saturday . Hate to say you 're wasting your time . Not if you confirm what you told me before . Yes , sir . Agent Mulder was here , all right last spring . You said on the phone Agent Mulder was investigating a missing woman , Marie Hangemuhl . Well , she wasn 't exactly missing . He wasn 't exactly investigating , either . I 'm not following you . It was a false report . Marie never even left the house . The only reason Agent Mulder found out about it was because Marie 's sister got all excited about nothing . There . See for yourself . Say , I 've got some hot coffee and a Danish here if you 're interested . No , thanks . You know , if you don 't mind me asking , Agent Doggett what 's your interest ? I mean , I was actually surprised that one FBI agent gave this case a thought . It 's not so much the case as it is the agent . Agent Mulder disappeared last May . Sorry to hear that . I still don 't see what that has to do with us . Did Agent Mulder have a personal connection here- - Something that might not be in your report ? No , I don 't think he 'd ever been to Squamash before , as far as I know . I have cell phone records showing that Agent Mulder came back here the week before he disappeared . What for ? That 's what I want to know . It 's my job to find him . Kurt ? Paul , this is Agent Doggett from the FBI . He 'd like to ask you and Marie some questions . Marie , can you come out here a minute ? This is an FBI agent . He wants to ask us a few questions . What 's this all about ? A colleague of mine , Fox Mulder , questioned you last spring . Come on , Kurt . This again ? Look , this was a personal matter that 's been blown way out of proportion . He 's not investigating you , Paul . He 's investigating Agent Mulder . If you could tell me what you and Agent Mulder talked about . You told your sister you were going to disappear , Mrs. Hangemuhl . - Tonight . - I told you already . We had a fight , she was going to leave , not disappear . I 'm talking to your wife . Mrs. Hangemuhl . It 's what he said . My sister lives out of state . I was going to go ... I didn 't want her to worry . You told your sister a story , a story you were afraid of ? This is crazy . There is no crime here ! I don 't think you were going anywhere tonight , Mrs. Hangemuhl . I think someone or something was coming here . And I think maybe it still is . We had a fight . We patched things up and that was the end of it . The sheriff 's report says that Agent Mulder spoke to you on Saturday , May 6th . Yeah , I guess so . Did you see Agent Mulder again that night ? No , he never came back . According to his cell phone records , he did . To this area , anyway . What 's that there ? Is that a dialysis machine ? My wife suffers from end-stage renal failure . She 's a very sick woman . Anything else ? One thing . This someone or something Agent Mulder said might be coming ? I just told my sister I was afraid of the stories . That 's all , I didn 't mean ... Let me ask you something , Agent Doggett . Was this Mulder guy sick ? Sick in the head , I mean ? Is that why you 're checking into this ? What stories , Mr. Hangemuhl ? An Indian folk legend about a creature who lives out in the woods . I 've heard these stories since I was a kid . So your colleague twisted it into a theory that she was going to disappear , all right ' cause this creature was coming to eat her . Eat her ? Alive . Like I said , Agent Doggett , I hate to waste your Saturday . The Hangemuhls own a gun , Kurt ? No , I don 't think so . Why ? I saw three holes plastered over in their living room wall . - Gunshots ? - Possibly . You want to go back and ask ' em ? No . Kurt , they told me you were out here . I just can 't believe it . Is it true ? That 's what I 'm here to find out . Were you aware Mulder carried a second weapon , a Walther PPK ? - Yeah , in an ankle holster . - I found it hidden under his sink . The clip was three rounds shy . What 's this about ? Three shots were fired in a house where Mulder investigated a case last May . He never filed a report on the case or the discharge of his weapon . Do you know any reason why ? If Mulder did these things , he would 've reported them . Mulder submitted case reports , all right but they indicate he was here in Washington on days his cell phone records prove he was in Pennsylvania . Are you calling Mulder a liar ? This is the muzzle of Mulder 's pistol . You see that there ? It 's blowback . Macrospatter of dried blood in a semi-circular pattern . Which indicates Mulder fired close-range at something ... - ... or someone . - I 've heard enough . Where are you going ? It 's where you 're going , Agent Doggett . You 're trying to build a case that what ? Mulder killed a man and then made himself disappear ? That 's not what happened . I told you before , he was abducted . I saw it ! Agent Mulder signed falsified case reports . Oh , come on , John , this isn 't about Mulder , it 's about you ! Your career . You give the FBI a narrative for Mulder 's disappearance , you 're off the X-Files and back on the fast-track to the directorship . I 'm just trying to find the truth . You want the truth ? Ask Agent Scully ! - I can 't do that . - Why not ? ! Because she ... She signed those case reports , too . You take that story to OPR the accusation alone could cost Scully her job . I 'm not taking it to OPR . I 'm taking it to you . Hold back . We 're giving you two minutes to bring it outside ! Then we 're coming in to get it ! Where is it ? It 's dead . You know that . Dead and buried . It 's here . We 've come for it . You lied to us ! Please , don 't ! Don 't do this ! Don 't do this to him ! Sheriff Frey . Back again ? This is Assistant Director Skinner . We drove up when we couldn 't reach you on the phone . Yeah , sorry about that . I went hunting and turned off my radio . So . You find something ? You might say that . You filed this death certificate at the county seat , Sheriff . We 're hoping you might be able to tell us something about it . Yeah . Yeah , last spring . An unidentified transient . Local woman found the body in the woods . You got no suspects ? No motive ? No , why ? You get a lot of shootings around here ? That why you failed to mention this one , Kurt ? What are you insinuating ? The body was found dumped outside this woman 's cabin on Sunday , May 7- - The morning after Mulder saw the Hangemuhls . Okay , so I didn 't make the connection . So what ? Three rounds were missing from Mulder 's weapon . So Mulder came back to town to kill this man and now the Hangemuhls are lying about it . Maybe I am , too . Pretty much . This theory is even nuttier than the one Agent Mulder came to town with . Where 's the evidence ? Where 's the body buried ? You 're on pretty shaky ground here , Agent Doggett . Something happened here that night . But you 're forgetting one thing- - Fox Mulder wouldn 't do this . Look , somebody shot this man . Somebody fired Mulder 's weapon and Mulder was here that night . And you trying to prove that Mulder 's a murderer is going to help you find him ? Maybe he 's not . I 'm not saying that he did this . Not yet . But he was here for a reason and then he disappeared . Why would these people , people he 'd never met before try to cover it up ? That 's the question , yeah . Earth is fresh . Sheriff must 've dug it up this afternoon after I left . - What would he want with the body ? - I don 't know that he found it . Looks like there 's another way out . Are you telling me the man inside that casket did this ? Looks pretty deep . A man doesn 't get shot three times and then tunnel out of his own grave . The sheriff said this transient was unidentified , right ? That 's right . Then why 'd somebody leave these on top of his grave ? We 've got to move fast . She 's not ready yet . Then she better get ready . I can 't do this . You 've got to do this . We don 't have another choice . Paul ? Marie . I 'll be waiting for you . Our Father , who art in heaven ... Hallowed be thy name ... What is it now ? Mind if we come in ? What do you think you 're doing ? Looking for the sheriff . - He was here , wasn 't he ? - Look , I 've had a long day and I want to go to bed , so if you don 't mind . Agent Mulder came back here that night and shot a man in this room . You know why , and so does your wife . I want you guys out of my house , now . Hey , did you hear me ? ! Mr. Hangemuhl , we 'd like to speak with your wife . Where is she ? Where is she , Mr. Hangemuhl ? Something happened here and I 'm going to figure out what it is . Agent Doggett . Looks like you missed a spot , Mr. Hangemuhl . Agent Doggett . Hangemuhl says his wife must 've coughed up the blood . - He insists he didn 't harm her . - Of course he says that . - Maybe he didn 't . - What are you talking about ? You said it before- - Mulder wouldn 't do this- - shoot a man in cold blood . Unless he was trying to protect Mrs. Hangemuhl . From who ? From the man that 's supposed to be buried in that coffin . The county police found something you ought to look at . Mr. Hangemuhl must 've just used water to clean this . Thank you . Otherwise we might not have found it . Look familiar ? We learned what we could . This is somewhat short notice , of course . And a little outside our area of expertise . Plus the fact we were sleeping . You wearing pants , Langly ? Uh ... yeah . We don 't have much time . What did you find ? Thought you 'd never ask , big guy . The pattern you described to us is most likely a medicine wheel . It 's a symbol for healing usually associated with North American shaman . Now , the circle represents the continuum between life and death . The journey is separated by two roads : One for happiness , one for sorrow . Lakota Indians teach that all these elements- - life , death , sorrow , happiness- - Are all one . But it takes an enlightened mind to see it . Why paint it on a door , or mark it on a grave ? Well- - That 's the part that takes some conjecture there , Agent Dogbird . We don 't know what Mulder was doing out there . But legends date back hundreds of years of a sin-catcher shaman ... - ... also known as a soul eater . - A soul eater ? They minister to the sick- - legend has it they consume their illnesses . The symbol might be placed on a grave as a sign of respect . - Or on a door as a summons . - A summons for what ? To indicate a sick person lives there someone in need of the creature 's healing gift . Thanks for your help , boys . Yeah , you 're welcome . Marie Hangemuhl suffered from a kidney disease . Agent Doggett ? That wasn 't a transient buried in that grave . Sorry to disturb you at this hour , ma 'am . I 'm Agent Doggett with the FBI . May I come in ? The sheriff 's report last May said you found a body in the woods out here . Look , the people of this town are keeping a secret about that body- - about who it is . There was an FBI agent who came here because he believed that it was some kind of a " soul eater . " Maybe it is . You believe it , too . You put those stones on top of his grave . The things you 're asking about- - they 've been this way for hundreds of years . You can 't change them . A colleague of mine came here to try and kill this thing last spring . I believe he was trying to protect a woman named Marie Hangemuhl . I need your help . You 've got it all backward . I 'm going to get you out of here . Agent Doggett . How is she ? She feels fine , you believe that ? The doctor says Mrs. Hangemuhl 's kidneys have spontaneously healed . She 's a healthy woman . Explain that . You 're going to have to explain it . The sheriff 's waiting to take your statement . The sheriff knows . He 's known all along . - So 's her husband . - Known what ? That this soul eater took her to cure her . I thought Mulder shot this man to protect Marie Hangemuhl . But it wasn 't her he was trying to protect . - Where are you going ? - Something happened here . It just wasn 't what we thought . To understand what this thing is you have to understand what it can do- - Its gift . People hate it because they need it . It looks the way it does because of their sickness . You care for this man . Someone always has . Because you believe it ? That it can cure people 's sickness ? Not cure . Consume . Mulder came to see you last year . Not to save Marie Hangemuhl . To save himself . Mulder was dying , but he kept it a secret . He had an undiagnosed brain disease . He was a sick man , desperate to find a cure . They all are . Mulder didn 't do it . Agent Mulder saw how it suffered . He saw it in its eyes . I knew what needed to be done . I just couldn 't bring myself to do it . Mulder killed it . He couldn 't bear to add to its pain . So he came back here that night to take its pain away . They buried it . It wanted to die . It still does , but it can 't . All these months I 've kept it here in secret . But now that they know it 's back it 'll keep suffering . Sheriff , as a federal officer I 'm asking you and your men to get out of my way . You can 't take it , Agent Doggett . It belongs to us . This is a man . He doesn 't belong to anybody . We have sick people . Sick people who need what it has . We 're taking it . You 're free to go . No , sir . I 'm driving this man out of here . Sheriff . It 'll come back . It always does . All these years we didn 't know what it could do . It took your death . You freed it . CASE REPORT A.D. Skinner , you 're here late . So are you . I wanted to finish my case report before Agent Scully comes in tomorrow morning . Have you ? I don 't even know where to begin or how to explain it . Only thing I do know is is I 'm no closer to finding Mulder now than when I started this thing . You got inside of his head , Agent Doggett . You understood why Mulder did something I wouldn 't have thought him capable of doing . You want some free advice ? Don 't write that report . You turn that in you open up a world of trouble for Agent Scully . And yourself . She didn 't know anything about this , sir . Of that I 'm certain . How many months will be lost proving that ? How much damage done to her good name ? And Mulder 's ? And to yours ? - For what ? - The truth ! You and I both know what happened out there , Agent Doggett . No one else needs to .
