 He 's got temporal ... delirium . Trauma Team 4 to Level Red . Trauma Team 4 to Level Red . Reconnect to stations ... Code 4 Nursing Unit , report to Level Red . He does have a sensor . It 's not working . Negative for dysplasia , viremia , necrobiosis . Please extend your arms . Species : Dralian . Identity : Gar . T.C. 15 . You may proceed . Chellick . Lucky I caught you . Mr. Gar , I wish I had time to talk . Well , all you have to do is listen . I have a new supply of cytogenics . Your last supply was useless . Expired lots , diluted samples . Oh , I have something special this time . The latest in substandard technology , no doubt . Oh , this item is far from substandard . And as a gesture of goodwill , I 'm offering it to you first . We don 't need another neural monitor . Mm , this is much more sophisticated than that . I 'm sure it has some ingenious use , but I 'm not interested . Please state the nature ... of the medical emergency ? Where have you taken me ? It 's a holographic construct , programmed with over five million medical protocols . I demand to be returned to Voyager at once . What 's Voyager ? . The Federation starship to which I 'm assigned . This man is a kidnapper . I would never offer you stolen property . I traded warp-grade dilithium for this program . What 's your price ? This negotiation is pointless . I 'm not about to perform medical services for a pair of common thieves . It doesn 't seem to be in working order . Trauma victims are now arriving at Emergency intake 7 . What caused their injuries ? A generator explosion at the Gammadan Mining Facility . You better start cooperating , or I will dismantle your program and sell it off one subroutine at a time . When Captain Janeway discovers what you 've done ... Come on . Let 's go , clear a path . We 're gonna lose this guy . Come on . Here we go . All right , tuck him in there . I can 't find any coagulant . Somebody check the reserves . There are no reserves . Oh , this one 's got grade-4 pulmonary burns . Patient 's T.C. is 4 . Transfer to Level Green . Level Green isn 't equipped for this . His T.C. ' s only 4 . Take him to Green . Don 't touch that . This patient 's bleeding seriously . He needs an immediate infusion . What are you doing ? Get away from him . With technology this primitive , you may as well be using leeches . Who is this man ? A doctor , of sorts . I thought you were withholding your services . Fortunately for these patients , I am programmed with the Hippocratic oath . It requires me to treat anyone who 's ill . This patient needs 20 milligrams anesthezine . Get me a hypospray . A what ? I 'm sorry , this may hurt a little . Did you have to program that Nausicaan guard to high stick so much ? Well , you play hockey , you 've got to expect a few lumps . What are we gonna tell the Doctor ? Hmm . You know how he feels about our juvenile holoprograms . Relax . I 'll come up with something . Hey , Doc . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . I know what you 're thinking , but there 's a simple explanation . Tell him , Tom . Right . Well , um , see , Doc , we were running these invasion scenarios when this species of proto-humanoid ... Please state the nature of the medical emergency . Are you okay , Doc ? Please take an analgesic and return in 24 hours . It 's a replicated fake . The program running in Sick Bay is from one of Doc 's old training files . I want someone to tell me how this snake oil salesman managed to evade every security protocol on the ship . I take full responsibility . I 'm not interested in fault . I just want to know how it happened . Um , Gar spent the night in Sick Bay . He claimed to have gotten food poisoning at dinner . He had plenty of time to learn about the mobile emitter from the Doctor . Who I 'm sure was more than willing to extol its virtues . Medical logs show the training file was activated just before Gar left Voyager . Scan for his ion trail , and let 's review safeguards for accessing low-security files , shall we , Mr. Tuvok ? Captain , don 't blame Tuvok for what happened . It was my fault . How so ? Gar kept complaining how bland his dinner was , so I added a few exotic spices . I 'm not sure I see your point . l-l was trying so hard to create something he liked that I didn 't take his alien physiology into account . Everyone 's assuming he faked his illness , but I might have really made him sick . It 's not as if your cooking turned him into a thief . No , but if he hadn 't gone to Sick Bay , he may never have come up with a plan to kidnap the Doctor , much less have the opportunity to do it . In my experience , Neelix , men like Gar have no trouble finding opportunities to take advantage of other people . Well , I just hope there 's something I can do to help find the Doctor . Well , when and if that opportunity arises , I 'm sure you 'll make the most of it . That was the most impressive cortical bypass I 've ever seen . It 's just a question of possessing the basic skills . Ah , if I had basic skills like yours , they 'd move me up to Level Blue . Take this patient to Yellow . You seem a little low on resources here . If I could contact my medical staff , I might be able to get you some additional supplies . Uh , communication is usually restricted , but the Allocator might give you clearance . Good . Where can I find him ? Uh , the Allocator isn 't a him . It 's our main computer . Well ... Perhaps it could establish a communications link with Voyager 's main computer . You 'll have to submit a formal request to Chellick and support it with Form 83-W in triplicate . Even then ... Why hasn 't this patient been treated yet ? He 's waiting for proton imaging . There are a lot of other people ahead of him . It 's nice to see someone knows what 's going on . What 's your name ? Tebbis . Well , Tebbis , this doesn 't look too serious . Uh , it 's just a little osteal extravasation . Excellent diagnosis . I hope to be a doctor someday . Really ? Well , I hope your working conditions are better than these . It wouldn 't be so bad if they 'd let us listen to music . It would certainly improve my mood . It 's not just that , but music has great healing power . I couldn 't agree with you more . Uh , exhale slowly . Can 't you give him a neural blocker ? He 's already had his allocation . The leg injury isn 't all I 'm picking up . He 's got some kind of systemic disease . It 's a chromo-viral infection . We have 12 cases down here . He 's in the final stage . is there an established treatment ? Cytoglobin injections . These scans don 't show any cytoglobin in his bloodstream . He hasn 't been given any . Why not ? He doesn 't have a high enough T.C. " T.C. " ? What 's that ? Ah , there you are . I 'm happy to report that I 've acquired your program from Gar . Please come with me . I will not . May I remind you I 'm being illegally detained ? Or hasn 't the rule of law reached this society yet ? We follow the Allocator 's rules , and it 's determined that your services are required on Level Blue . Eh , please , Doctor , the Allocator knows which patients need help the most . Level Blue is your critical care area , I presume . Level Blue is the area where it 's most critical that we provide excellent care . These patients will be your chief responsibility from now on . Do whatever you can to make them well . Why are these patients getting preferential treatment ? They have a higher T.C. than the others . Indulge me . What 's T.C. ? Treatment Coefficient . The Allocator assigns one to every patient . It determines the level of care they receive . How is this coefficient derived ? Through a complex formula that involves profession , skills , accomplishments ... How is any of that relevant to medical treatment ? An agricultural engineer is obviously more important than a waste processor . Important to whom ? Society . When your resources are limited , you have to prioritize . So you base treatment on whether patients have particular abilities ? It 's much more complicated than that . The Allocator assesses the entire individual . And reduces his life to a number . It may seem impersonal , but it 's what the Dinaali have contracted us to do . Chellick 's people are known throughout the sector for their administrative skills . Before they came here , we were a dying race . Eco-disasters , famine ... Dr. Dysek , Chief of Medicine . The medical hologram I told you about . Are you in charge of what passes for care on Level Red ? Because those people are suffering . lntriguing technology . Can we use him to treat patients yet ? That 's what he 's here for . In some societies , it 's considered rude to refer to someone in the third person while he 's standing in front of you . I 'm sure you 'll make good use of him . The warp trail ends here . Gar should be directly ahead . All stop . Red Alert . On screen . It 's emitting a false warp signature . Looks like we 've underestimated Mr. Gar again . Now what ? There may be another way to find him . What do you have in mind ? He traded us high-grade iridium , which has a very brief half-life . His ship is slow . Logic suggests he acquired the substance within a radius of three light-years . Cross-reference our sensor logs and long-range scans . Two planets , no atmosphere or technology a T-class nebula ... Here 's something . An asteroid with approximately 200 humanoid life signs , subterranean structures . Sounds like a mining operation . If that 's where Mr. Gar acquired the iridium , they may be able to help us find him . Tom , how fast can you get us there ? Less than two hours . Do it . We 're being hailed . Open a channel . I want my iridium back now . I beg your pardon ? I 've scanned your ship . I know you 've got it on board . Yes , we obtained it from a man called Gar , a merchant ... You mean thief . So , you have had the pleasure of meeting him . He was here two days ago . He sold us 3,000 induction units . He was gone a day before we realized he 'd also stolen 20 kilos of ore . We had a similar experience . Maybe we can help each other . How ? Do you have any idea where we might find him ? Will you return my iridium ? By all means , but Gar only traded us half of what he stole from you . However , we might be able to get the rest of it back . All I can tell you is that the induction units came from a planetoid called Velos . You may go . Your surgical technique is impressive . Well , you 've obviously had experience with cellular repair . As a matter of fact , I 've done extensive research on the subject . I 'd be happy to share it with you , but we 'll have to contact Voyager to get it . You 'll have to discuss that with Chellick . He authorizes all communications . It 's time for this patient 's next injection . Requesting one cytoglobin injection for patient B-3 , priority Blue-7 gamma . One cytoglobin injection authorized . Does this patient have a chromo-viral infection ? No . Why ? I was told cytoglobin is the standard treatment for that disease . Cytoglobin also prevents arterial aging . Will that be all ? You may go . This patient 's arteries appear to be healthy . At the moment , but daily injections increase life expectancy up to 40 percent . We prescribe them for all Level Blue patients . I just saw a boy on Level Red who 's dying . This medicine could save his life . This woman is a Chief Engineer of an irrigation facility which provides water to half the subcontinent . So her life is more valuable ? Keeping her healthy contributes to our survival . Can you say the same for the boy on Level Red ? Who knows what he 'll accomplish if he has the chance . If he becomes more valuable to society , his T.C. will rise , and then he 'll receive better treatment . He may not be around long enough . I 'm sorry he 's sick , but our society is much better off since we began following the Allocator 's protocols . Some of you are . I never expected to see you again . Why do you say that ? Level Blue is much more prestigious . Prestige is the least of my concerns . How is he ? Not well . His condition 's deteriorated so rapidly . His coenzyme allotment 's been reduced . Are we here to help these people or kill them ? His T.C. is just too low . Maybe we can raise it . That 's not possible . If it 's purely a function of statistics , we can simply input more data . We 're not authorized to do th ... Voje . When you look at your patient lying there , you have to ask yourself : What can I do ? What must I do ? We can amend his database to include additional skills . Such as ? His extensive knowledge of neutronics . He doesn 't know anything about neutronics . We can say he does . What 's the harm in trying ? Amend patient R-12 's T.C. to include an expertise in neutronics . Unable to verify . Amendment denied . You see ? Hello . Lie still . What are you doing ? Trying to get you the proper medication . You 're wasting time you could be spending with other patients . You have as much right to treatment as anyone . It 's not your fault . There 's nothing you can do . Nurse . Yes , Doctor ? Why hasn 't this patient received her additional cytoglobin injection ? Additional ? If you 'd examine her chart , you 'd see that I 've increased her dosage . Dr. Dysek didn 't say anything ... Dr. Dysek is at home with his family . Would you like me to contact him so you can explain why you 're not doing your job ? No , Doctor . Requesting one cytoglobin injection for patient B-3 , priority Blue-7 gamma . One cytoglobin injection authorized . I 'll do it myself . Can I assist you ? You may go . He convinced me to let him take the induction units on consignment . That was more than ten days ago . I haven 't heard from him since . You appear to be an experienced merchant , Mr. Kipp . Why would you trust someone like Gar ? He came highly recommended . By whom ? A buyer l know . He said he 's been trading with Gar for years . Do you know where we can find this buyer ? Yes , Captain . I am the fool who said that Gar could be trusted . Sounds like you 've changed your mind . I should have known it was a mistake , but ... Well ... you see , I have never been able to say no to my wife . What does she have to do with it ? Well , she 's the one who asked me to recommend Gar . Then she must know him well . They 're ... friends . May we speak with her ? She 's , uh ... Well , she 's not here . Do you know where we might find her ? She left me . You 're a woman . You saw my husband with your own eyes- - overweight , depressed . You would have left him , too , especially if you had met someone as exciting as Gar . Yes , he 's very exciting . That 's why you 're looking for him , isn 't it ? You want him for yourself . I assure you , I have no romantic interest in him whatsoever . Why ? Not good enough for you ? No , it 's not that . It 's just that ... I already have a man . We have a business opportunity for Mr. Gar- - one that will expire if we don 't find him soon . He 's on his way to the gambling tournament on Selek iv . When you see him , tell him to hurry home . How are you feeling ? Better . That 's what happens when you get the proper treatment . But I 'm not authorized to receive cytoglobin . You are now . You 'll need several more injections , but you can expect a complete recovery . Whatever you did , they 'll find out . They 'll punish you . You 're assuming I 've done something illicit . Didn 't you ? Of course not . I simply had a talk with Chellick , explained to him what a bright young man you are , and he had the Allocator recalculate your T.C. I 've never met a doctor like you . Well ... it 's not hard to stand out when the general level of competence is so low . There are patients on this level who deserve a higher T.C. than I do . Could you talk to Chellick about them ? Thank you . Ah , Voje . You 're not busy , are you ? Well , actually , I was just ... Good. I want you to help me dispense these injections . Where did you get the cytoglobin ? Level Blue . Where else ? You stole it ? I 'd prefer to think of it as " reallocation . " We 're going to treat every chromo-virus patient on this level . Do you have any idea what kind of trouble we could get into ? " We ? " Then you will help me . Uh , no ! Absolutely not ! Modifying data files was bad enough . Well , I certainly wouldn 't want you to do anything to compromise your ethics . I 'll help you . You should be in bed . Actually , now that he 's improving , a little activity will do him good . You can go back to doing ... whatever you were doing . The best place to inject him is here in the lateral artery . Excellent work . It 's nice to see someone in this hospital has a future as a healer . If we each take a third of the patients , maybe we can finish before someone catches us . Who do you think you are , prescribing unnecessary medications for my patients ? It wasn 't unnecessary . If you believe that , you 're incompetent , or perhaps malfunctioning . I was simply trying to increase our allocation of resources . What are you talking about ? I did some checking . Last month , Level Blue 's total medication requests were down by 6 percent . Because our cure rate was higher . Exactly . Because you performed so efficiently last month , the Allocator will determine you 're able to do with less next month . If we don 't order more medication now , we may not get it ... when we need it . Think about it , Doctor . If you don 't have the proper resources , your cure rate could go down . If that happens ... the Allocator may assign you to a lower level . Mm-hmm . Are we having a problem with our newest piece of technology ? Actually he seems to be learning the system ... quite well . Oh . Three of the patients we injected are practically virus-free . What did you expect ? Um , maybe we could " reallocate " other medications , treat more patients . Now you 're thinking like a doctor . And to support your efforts , I 've arranged for resources from Level Blue to be diverted here on a regular basis . How did you manage that ? Let 's just say , Dr. Dysek and I have developed a professional rapport . Sometimes I even surprise myself . We may actually make these people better . That feeling you get from healing someone ... infectious , isn 't it ? Where did you get that ? One of the technicians was going to recycle it because it wasn 't working , but I think I fixed it . Seems to be in good condition . And so do you . You 'll be well enough to leave soon . Couldn 't you say I 'm still sick ? Don 't you want to go home ? If I do , they 'll send me to work in the refinery with my father . What about school ? Your medical training ? I would never be authorized for that . He 's right . If I stay here , you can teach me , and I can help you treat your patients . I 'm not planning on being here that long myself . Then I can help Dr. Voje . We 'll see what we can do . I have picked up Gar 's ship , directly ahead . Again ? I 'm reading his bio-signs . Any sign of the Doctor or his emitter ? Not yet . Should I hail Gar ? If we let him know we 're here , he may try to slip away . We could drop out of warp at close range and grab him before he knows what 's happening . I like it . Tom ... Tuvok . He 's hailing . I guess we put him in the mood to talk . On screen . I thought we were friends , Captain . Why am I being treated this way ? I think I deserve better . Where 's our Doctor ? I have no idea . I certainly hope nothing 's happened to him . Scans are complete . Neither the mobile emitter nor the Doctor 's program are aboard Gar 's ship . Well , of course they 're not . He 's trying to destabilize the tractor beam with a feedback pulse . Compensating . Don 't bother , Harry . Just beam him to the brig . Tebbis ... wake up . Time to make our rounds . Locate patient R-12 . Patient R-12 has been transferred to Level White . Tebbis has been moved . I know . What 's Level White ? Some kind of patient recovery area ? It 's the morgue . I demand an explanation for the death of that boy . I 'm responsible for thousands of patients . You 'll have to be more specific . His name was Tebbis . Patient R-12 . Acute chromo-viral disease . He was recovering . Apparently , he developed complications . What kind of complications ? A secondary infection . It spread rapidly . How was it treated ? It wasn 't . The patient had exceeded his medication allotment . It seems someone had given him unauthorized injections . Did you think I wouldn 't find out ? Don 't you have any ethical standards ? You are hardly in a position to speak to me of ethics . Lying , stealing ... Any other crimes you wish to confess ? I was trying to save lives . And I am trying to save a society . Do you really think patient R-12 is going to help me do that ? ! His name was Tebbis . He wasn 't contributing . He was a drain on resources . You 're not just rationing health care here . You 're getting rid of the sick and the weak . If the boy had been fit , he would have survived . Why don 't you just put a phaser to their heads ? We 're healers , not killers . I 'm going to expose you . To whom- - the people who employ me ? They brought me here to make the hard choices they don 't want to make . From now on , I 'm restricting you to Level Blue . You 've done enough damage on Red . You mean those patients that I treated ? Yes , that was inconsiderate of me . It was . You managed to exceed their annual medication allotment in a matter of days . They 're being sent home . They 'll die . You should have considered the consequences of your actions . Please , don 't make them suffer for my mistakes . It won 't happen again . I 'm making certain of that . From now on , your time will be strictly regulated . Meaning what ? I 've interfaced your holo-matrix with the Allocator . Starting now , it will determine where you go , when you go , and what you do when you get there . The Medical Hologram will now commence treatment on Level Blue . You have six minutes to treat patient B-3 . I don 't know where he is . Not now , perhaps , but you know where you took him . The last time I saw him , he was in your Sick Bay . If you refuse to cooperate , your knowledge of his location can be extracted . How ? A mind-meld . W-what 's that ? An invasive and disturbing procedure . Dinnertime ! Mr. Neelix , I am in the middle of an interrogation . Commander , you know better than anyone that Starfleet has strict guidelines about allowing prisoners to eat . Very well . I 'll wait . There we are . I 'm glad to see you enjoying a meal . When you got sick last time , I thought my food was to blame , until I realized it was just a ruse for you to get close to the Doctor . I used Talaxian wormroot as the base . Mm-hmm . I 'm glad you like it . Some people react badly . React how ? Oh , dear , I hope you 're not getting sick . Mm . If it 's the wormroot , it 's gonna get a lot worse . What have you done to me ? The usual symptoms are abdominal spasms , which increase in severity for 30 hours ... 40 at the most . Tuvok to Sick Bay . Don 't worry , Mr. Tuvok , it 's not fatal . It 's horribly unpleasant , but , uh ... there 's an antidote . Then give it to me ! Unfortunately , our Doctor is the only one authorized to administer it . Maybe if you remembered where he was ... Mr. Neelix ... have you deliberately poisoned this man ? Relax . He 's just having gas pains . Your actions are not only against regulations ... Didn 't I hear someone threaten a mind-meld ? I was merely trying to encourage the suspect to be more forthcoming . Yeah . I think he 's getting all the encouragement he needs . Excuse me , Doctor . What is it ? I need to prepare this patient for discharge . I 'm not finished with him yet . But Chellick 's orders are to ... Are to discharge the patient at the end of the shift . The shift isn 't over , is it ? No , sir , but I need time in order to get the patient ... I 'll tell you when he 's ready . Dr. Voje , report to Level Blue to assist Dr. Dysek in surgery . Voje ! I didn 't realize that any of this even existed . I need to talk to you . I don 't have time . I just got a message from the Allocator that Dysek needs me . I 'm the one who sent for you . I used his access codes . Oh . I need you to smuggle my mobile emitter off Level Blue . Time has expired for treatment of patient B-1 . Proceed to patient B-3 . The Medical Hologram has one minute to treat patient B-3 . You have to help me . 12 patients on Level Red are being sent home because of you . That 's why we have to hurry . We may still be able to save them . You 've already endangered my patients , and now you 're asking me to risk my career ? Why should I help you ? Because I have a plan to heal those patients . That 's what doctors do- - we heal . So , choose- - what kind of doctor are you going to be ? The Medical Hologram has 30 seconds to deactivation . You hear that ? How can I get you off this level ? Deactivate my mobile emitter , and put it in inside this selenide medkit . It 'll shield the signature . And then what ? Take it to Level Red , and reactivate me . What are you going to do once you get to Level Red ? The Medical Hologram has ten seconds to deactivation . There 's no time to explain . You 'll have to trust me . I suspect young Dr. Voje helped you escape . He had nothing to do with it . No matter . You 're becoming far too troublesome . I 'm going to have to deactivate your program . Voje ! What 's wrong with him ? What are you doing ? A little experiment in empathy . You told me you were just developing new treatment protocols . A single protocol , actually . You 're only making things worse for yourself . As a matter of fact , I 'm making things worse for you . I 'm going to make you a patient in your own hospital . What was in that injector ? A neural blocker . Combined with the same virus that afflicted Tebbis . I trusted you . And Tebbis trusted me . You remember Tebbis , don 't you ? Patient R-12 ? Maybe this will jog your memory . What are you doing ? Patient R-12 . Species : Dinaal . Identity : Tebbis . This is ridiculous ! I 'm not Tebbis ! But the Allocator thinks you are . How did you do ... ? Simple- - the Allocator identifies patients by reading blood factors . I altered Chellick 's by injecting him with antigens from Tebbis . Now , why don 't we see if we can get your condition treated . Requesting one cytoglobin injection for patient R-12 . Treatment denied . I order you to medicate me now . Ordinarily , I would , but if the Allocator says " No " ... ls this some sort of revenge ? Not revenge . Leverage . I want enough cytoglobin to cure every infected patient on this level . We don 't have an adequate supply . There 's plenty on Level Blue . Where it 's being used to prevent arterial aging . Those patients will survive without it , but a dozen people on this level won 't . I will not let them die . Entering orbit . Scan for the Doctor 's signature . He 's dying . As soon as we get the cytoglobin , we 'll be able to treat all the Level Red patients , including him . You said it yourself- - doctors heal . We don 't make patients sick ! I don 't know any other way to help these people . Dr. Voje ... I need the medicine now . Sir , I only have a Level Red clearance . You know I 'm not authorized . Then find someone who is . I 've got him . He 's aboard a vessel above the northern continent . Can you get a lock ? It 's not going to be easy . His program seems to be interfaced with the main computer . Hail the ship . They 're responding ; audio only . This is Hospital Ship 42 . Allocation Module Alpha . This is Captain Janeway of the Starship Voyager . I would like to speak with someone regarding a member of my crew who is aboard your vessel . Administrator Chellick is currently unavailable . Then may I speak with someone else ? Only Administrator Chellick is authorized to communicate with alien species . Are we having a problem here ? Dysek . Finally . l-l 'm sorry . I had to tell him . What are you waiting for ? Give me the cytoglobin . I don 't think I can . What are you saying ? Cytoglobin isn 't authorized for Level Red patients . Dysek ! I don 't want to break the rules . I made the rules ! Then you should be pleased I hold them in such high regard . I 'm sorry , Captain- - l can 't transport him without damaging his matrix . Then you 'll have to go down there and get him . Aye , Captain . Chakotay . Don 't tell me you 're allied with this defective hologram . No , but he has given me insight into some of the intricacies of our system . For example , did you know if I don 't request enough resources for Level Blue this month , I won 't get what I need next month ? What are you talking about ? ! You know , Doctor , one way to increase your allocation of resources on Level Blue would be to increase the number of patients . I know at least a dozen people who should be treated for arterial aging . Saving their lives would be just a side effect . Hmm . Perhaps we should have them transferred to Level Blue . If you 're looking for a second opinion , I concur . Well ... Chellick ... what do you think ? It 's absurd ! We 'd have to transfer you to Level Blue as well . You 'd get your cytoglobin . Doctor . It 's nice to see some friendly faces . We 're gonna get you out of here . Who do we talk to about accessing their main computer ? I 'll be with you in a moment . I 'm with a ... patient . Do we have an agreement ? Yes . You 've managed to stay well while I was away . I 'm giving you a clean bill of health . You were only away four days . A lot can happen in four days- - injuries , infections ... malfunctions . As you said , I 'm fine . Thank you . I was wondering if you 'd mind doing me a favor ? I 'd like you to give me a checkup . Have you been experiencing problems ? No , but as you said , I 've been off the ship for awhile , interfaced with an alien computer . Your program appears to be operating within normal parameters . Really ? What about over the past several days ? There 's no indication of diminished capacity . No problems with my ethical subroutines ? None . I see . You seem disappointed . While I was aboard that ship ... I poisoned a man . Deliberately ? Yes . I was trying to force him to let me treat patients who were dying . You were prepared to sacrifice an individual to benefit a collective . No offense , Seven , but I don 't exactly aspire to Borg ideals . You were hoping your behavior was the result of a malfunction . I 'm sorry , Doctor , but I must give you a clean bill of health .
