 What 's the matter , Harry ? You look a little pale . I volunteered for a test flight , not a suicide mission . How can we put the new Delta Flyer through her paces without taking a few risks ? Another risk like that , and we 'll have to rebuild her all over again . There 's a vessel coming up fast off our starboard beam . Shields . Range : 50 kilometers . Ten . It 's pulling alongside . Wow , nice ship . It 's scanning us . This is Lieutenant Tom Paris . Please identify yourself . Vectored exhaust ports , accelerated driver coils . Your vessel must be fast . Gets us where we want to go . Check your scanners . You 'll see a comet on the other side of the asteroid field . I wonder which of our ships could get there first . Sounds like a challenge . Are you going to accept ? We are not going to race her . This is a test flight , right ? Yeah , but ... What better way to test the new ship than to see how it stands up to a little competition . We 're ready over here . Should I count to three ? Guess not . She 's a lot more maneuverable than we are . Not that I 'm endorsing this misguided exercise , but maybe we can even the odds . The new impulse thrusters . Ah , now , that 's the spirit , Harry . We 're catching up . 100 meters . Fifty . Bring the backup generators on line and reroute power to the thrusters . And it 's the Delta Flyer by a nose . Something 's wrong with her ship . The cabin 's filling up with nyocene gas . Stand by for emergency transport . You all right ? I think so . I told you this wasn 't a good idea . Oh , does that mean you 're afraid to try again ? Yeah , Harry ? You afraid ? No . Of course not . It 's just ... your ship is in no shape for a rematch . My power transformer overloaded . I bet we could find you a spare back on Voyager . We were about to head back anyway . Right , Tom ? Yeah , whatever you say , Ensign Eager . I 've been looking forward to my holodeck time all week . Why can 't you borrow three hours from someone else ? Yours are the last piece to the puzzle . Tom and I have finally managed to get a weekend off together . I 've been trading favors with members of the crew , so that we could get the holodeck to ourselves . A romantic getaway ? Well , that 's the idea , yes . Well , ordinarily I wouldn 't hesitate to oblige . But I 've been looking forward to indulging myself in a new hobby . Something human doctors have been enjoying for centuries . I 've already booked a tee time . Well , if your " tee time " is more important than our happiness- - our first chance to be alone in months ... Fine . Take my three hours . Thank you . So what program are you planning to run ? Something new called Gedi Prime . I 've heard of that . The vacation paradise that makes Risa look like a tourist trap . Endless kilometers of crystalline beaches , mood reefs , bioluminescent waterfalls ... And a championship golf course , if I 'm not mistaken . Why don 't I just join you ? Somehow , I don 't think that would add to the mood . Don 't be so sure . You haven 't seen me in a bathing suit . Could you hand me the veridium injector ? Veridium injector . Uh ... let 's see . The one with the long handle . Of course . Comfortable . My copilot thinks so , too . Copilot ? I was on my way to meet him when I ran into you . So , tell me more about where you 're from . It 's a small trinary system about half a parsec from here . Three suns- - it must make for some long days . Are you always this inquisitive ? That depends on who I 'm talking to . Your new power transformer is installed and ready to go . Thanks . And your impulse drive is a real beauty . I designed it myself . But I couldn 't help noticing your warp system seems so ... rudimentary . Warp 's fine , if you like going fast in a straight line . But , to me , that 's just physics , not flying . I guess it 's a matter of taste . Anyway , for the kind of flying I 'm here for , warp is not a factor . The race course is only two billion kilometers long . Race course ? What kind of race course ? The Antarian Trans-Stellar Rally- - three segments covering 2.3 billion kilometers . With obstacles ranging from dwarf star clusters to K-class anomalies . Two-man crews , and most importantly each ship is limited to sublight speeds . It , it 's the ultimate test of ship design and piloting skills . Not to mention a serious drain on Voyager 's resources . You 're suggesting we reassign 15 crewmen to " modify " the Delta Flyer ? . The race has very specific guidelines . All the ships have to use enriched deuterium fuel . The Delta Flyer 's not equipped for that . Irina agreed to lend us a fuel converter . Captain , this race is more than just a sporting event . Until recently , this region was a war zone . Four different species fought for nearly a century to control it . Now , for the first time , they 're competing peacefully to commemorate the new treaty that ended the war . This race embodies everything the Federation values- - a peaceful coexistence , free exchange of ideas . I think it 's a great idea . - You do ? - You do ? Absolutely . This competition is just the sort of break we need . It would give us a chance to make some friends and allow the crew a little RR . Request granted . Thank you , Captain . One thing , gentlemen . Now that we 're in this race , we 're in it to win . After all , Starfleet 's honor is at stake . Don 't worry . It 's in good hands . A little tip , Doc . This game was not meant to be played indoors . Here to rub salt in the wound ? I beg your pardon ? I planned to be putting the greens at St. Andrews . Instead ... I 'm putting into beakers in Sick Bay , thanks to you . Me ? Oh , don 't be coy . I 've already approved your time off . The Captain 's told you about the race already ? What race ? I was referring to your romantic getaway . Oh , no . Don 't tell me you forgot . Uh , do me a favor , Doc . Keep a lock on my bio-signs . What for ? Because in about five minutes , there may be a medical emergency in Engineering . Hmm . Maybe I can get that tee time back . Hi . You 're early . You packed ? Not yet . Um ... actually ... there might be a little problem . Problem ? I have a chance to pilot the Flyer in a race- - uh , a really unique race- - and the Captain thinks it 's a great idea ... So , I guess I got so excited that I forgot about our plans . But l-l don 't have to do it . The Captain would understand . It 's all right . No , no , I should have remembered . It 's just that this seemed like such an amazing opportunity . Pilots from all over ... I said it 's okay . Really ? The holodeck will always be here . This race won 't . I do not deserve you . You 're right about that . So , um , we 'll plan this vacation for another time . Sure . l-l 'm going to make this up to you . I promise . Late night ? Can I get you anything ? No , thanks . Are you okay ? Oh , my feet . Ah . I haven 't had a chance to sit down all day . If you 're thinking of cheering me up , don 't bother . Hmm . Who , me ? Never . And by the way , you can have your holodeck time back . What about your weekend with Tom ? He just canceled it . Does he have any idea how much planning it took ? No . And you 're not going to tell him , either . He just entered this big race , and he 's really excited , and ... I don 't want to spoil it for him . Well , I 'm sure if you tell him how important this weekend was to you , he 'll reconsider . Probably . But he should be able to do what makes him happy . What about what makes you happy ? It 's time I faced facts , Neelix . Tom and I just don 't belong together . Then you 're not in love with him anymore ? I didn 't say that . But , B 'Elanna , if you still love each other ... Maybe that isn 't enough . Call me a hopeless romantic , but I still think it is . Yeah , well , there 's a Klingon phrase that my grandmother used to use- - mok 'tah . It means " bad match . " That 's what Tom and I are . I just hate that it 's taken me three years to realize it . If you 're really such a mok 'tah , it must have been an awful three years . No . Tom is a great guy . We 've had a lot of fun together . And that seems to be enough for him . But not for me . Why aren 't you saying all this to Tom ? I plan to . After the race . By which time , he 'll already have disappointed you again . I may not know as much about Klingon tradition as your grandmother , but somehow , keeping Tom in the dark doesn 't seem very honorable . My feet are feeling better . I should go back to work . Captain 's Log , Stardate 54058.6 . Our request to enter the Delta Flyer into the rally has been accepted . I 'm meeting with the race coordinator , Ambassador O 'Zaal , to work out the details . We have teams that have traveled quite a distance , Captain , but none from as far as the Alpha Quadrant . We 're always willing to go that extra light-year for a good cause . Well , your , uh , entrance petition seems to be in order . The Delta Flyer meets our guidelines . Now all you have to do is win . Something tells me the other teams aren 't going to make that too easy . Bridge to the Captain . Go ahead , Commander . There is an incoming transmission for the Ambassador . Route it here . I asked not to be disturbed . I 'm sorry , but the Aksani are threatening to withdraw unless they 're allowed to host the post-race ceremony . Did you explain that we 've already promised that to the Chessu ? Yes . They said that was ... unacceptable . Arrange for another meeting . I 'll have to find some way of appeasing them . Well , I hope the race you just entered doesn 't end before it begins . It 's that serious ? The peace is still very fragile . Every decision I make , no matter how trivial , is looked upon as symbolic . So , every time you make a concession to one participant ... Another is offended , yes . Maybe we can help . That would be wonderful , but how ? By providing neutral ground for the pre and post-race activities . Since we 've never taken sides in your conflict , you couldn 't be accused of showing favoritism . If your racing skills are as sharp as your diplomatic instincts , the other teams won 't have a chance . There 's someone to watch out for . What 's his story ? His name is Assan . He was a fighter pilot- - one of the most ruthless . Uh , where you going ? A little personal reconnaissance . We are the hosts . Lieutenant Tom Paris . Welcome aboard . Could I get you something ? A drink ? Something to eat ? Tour of the ship ? Were you assigned to serve me ? Um , not exactly . Are we friends ? I guess not . Then you must be one of those pilots who believes in the fellowship of combat . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but I thought this was a friendly race , not a battle . If that 's what you believe , then you 've already lost . Well ... nice chatting with you . Learn anything ? Yeah , I should leave the hosting to Neelix . Joxom . Who ? My copilot . Irina . Hi . Well . Looks like they 're good friends . They 're teammates . Mm . Close ... personal teammates . Oh , it was nice while it lasted . Come on . Seven , I need you to run a diagnostic on the lateral sensor array . As soon as I 'm finished . With what ? Plotting the most efficient course for the first segment of the rally . Seems like the entire crew has come down with race fever . Perhaps you could persuade the Doctor to develop a vaccine . I 'm surprised you 're putting time into this . Initially , I did find the activity irrelevant , but then I realized that it 's important for the crew 's morale and for my relationship with Lieutenant Paris . Your relationship with Lieutenant Paris ? I was speaking professionally . I often work with him on navigational problems . He can be an erratic individual . But he 's also a very competent officer and clearly a skilled pilot . It 's the erratic individual that takes getting used to . No doubt . But I 've learned that if I embrace some of his interests , support him in his personal goals , we 're able to function more efficiently as crewmates . Harry , where have you been ? Say Qapla ' . It means success . I just wanted to capture the moment , not to mention that cute bewildered expression . What are you doing in that flight suit ? There 's been a change of plans . I 'm your new copilot . Look , I don 't have time for practical jokes . Neither do I . Ready to bring that impulse drive on line ? B 'Elanna ... Okay , I was upset that you canceled our weekend , but then I realized- - why should we spend this time apart when we can be together doing something you like ? What about Harry ? I assigned him to a level-5 diagnostic in Engineering . Oh , that 's terrible . I 'm just kidding . I told him how hard it was for us to get time together , and he understood . Anyway , the way I see it , you 're trading an Ensign for a Chief Engineer . Well , you don 't have to convince me . I couldn 't ask for a better copilot . Now just remember , we 're not on vacation . The point is to win . And you know how much I hate to lose . Thrusters on line . Opening Shuttle Bay doors . The racers are moving into position . Ambassador . Welcome to the first running of the Antarian Trans-Stellar Rally . This moment marks a hopeful point in our shared history- - a chance to put aside old animosities , and come together in a spirit of peace and friendly competition . Good luck to all of you . Prepare for the starting signal . Captain , the honor is yours . Mr. Tuvok . Fire . We passed two more ships , three still ahead of us . How 's my impulse engine ? Hot , but stable , thanks to the new fuel converter . That was the Number 8 ship . Assan . Whoever it is just grazed our shields . Port thrusters are off-line . Compensating . Well , that was an old trick . Back at the Academy we used to call that " scraping . " Well , Assan just almost scraped us out of the race . How are we doing on time ? 20 seconds to the third marker . Assan 's already rounding it , thanks to his little tactic . Well , it 's a long race . We 'll catch him . How 's our team doing ? I announced the Delta Flyer 's progress over the com 1 1 minutes ago . In a race like this , 1 1 minutes can be an eternity ! The Delta Flyer is in fourth position , having completed 62 percent of the course . The Aksani vessel is in third position having completed 68 percent of the course . You don 't make it sound very exciting . I 'm relaying the relevant information . It 's all in the delivery . Do you mind ? Attention , all hands . Stand by for a race update ! With only 58 million kilometers left in the first segment , the Aksani , Imhotep and Terrellian ships are still battling for the lead . Wait . The Number 8 ship just cut off the Number 3 in the Darla system . Now 3 's changing course . Using the gravity from a gas giant to boost its speed , it 's making up for lost ground ! Sounds like quite a race . Apparently , it 's all in the delivery . So much for the Aksani . Now it 's just down to Irina and Assan . In a few minutes , they 'll just be echoes in our aft scanners . Well , we still got the Mobius inversion coming up . The what ? Tell me you read the course manual . I skimmed it ... more or less . Oh , great . So , what exactly is this Mobius whatever ? Take a look . Covers the entire last third of the course . Level-6 subspace distortions , gravimetric shears . Just think of it as a little wormhole with a big attitude . The Terrellian and Imhotep ships are still in the lead ; the Delta Flyer trailing by a few seconds . Meanwhile , the two Chessu ships are continuing to advance claiming fourth and fifth position . My weekly security report . I 'll read it later . There are a few matters we should discuss . She said later , Tuvok . Something 's wrong . They 're disappearing . Radiation from the Mobius inversion is blocking our sensors . How will we track their progress ? We can 't . Not until they emerge from the other side of the anomaly . Want to talk about that report now , Tuvok ? Later , if that 's permissible . 50 meters . Forty . We can get through . No , they 're too close to each other . I 'm reversing our deflector polarity . It 'll repel their shields . Why wait for an opening when you can make one ? No , it 's too risky . Too risky ? That doesn 't sound like the Tom Paris I know . What are you doing ? Deploying auxiliary thrusters . We 'll need the extra maneuvering power to get through the gap . B 'Elanna ... Just steer the ship . It 's them. lt 's the Delta Flyer . They 're in the lead ! They 're pulling away ! We did it ! You should have waited . I saw a chance and I too ... I 'm the pilot . That means I do the flying . Attention all racers . There 's been an accident . Stay in order and shut down your engines . Report . His condition 's stabilizing . I should be able to start dermal regeneration in a few hours . This was Assan 's fault . Why ? He collided with me so many times my shield generator overloaded . Joxom 's console exploded . He 's lucky he 's alive . If I 'm guilty of anything , it 's of coming in second , a situation I 'll remedy in the next leg . You 're doing a poor job of defending yourself . We may have had something to do with this , too . We grazed both of their shields while in the anomaly . lntentionally ? It was a tight course . Everyone was flying very aggressively . Your team is not responsible , Captain . My generators were already overloading when they made contact . Perhaps none of you is to blame . I found this interfaced with her ship 's shield generator . I ran an analysis . It 's a phase inverter , designed to cause a system overload . Well , it 's hard to believe someone would go this far just to knock a competitor out of the race . This may be more than a simple case of cheating , Captain . I think someone 's trying to end the peace . Maybe I 'm missing something , but we 're talking about a single act of sabotage . How does that threaten your treaty ? By itself , it wouldn 't . But we 've received several threats of a more serious nature . From whom ? Groups opposed to the alliance- - arms dealers , isolationists , political extremists . Up until now I wasn 't sure how seriously to take them . Clearly , they pose a security threat . Yes , yes . We 've done everything we could to protect the racers , but that may not be enough . I don 't want to risk any more lives . We should cancel the race or at least postpone it , until we can guarantee everyone 's safety . No. lf we stop now , we 'll be letting these extremists win . She 's right . Very well , then . If that 's the consensus , we 'll resume tomorrow as scheduled . Of course , Captain , if you decide to withdraw , we 'd understand . Well , the last time I checked , I believe we were winning . There you are . Congratulations on taking the lead . Thanks . Of course , uh , you 're not going to win . Why is that ? Because we are . You 're looking at your new copilot . I checked with one of the race officials . It 's perfectly legal and it 's a chance for both of us to get back in the race . I appreciate the gesture , but my ship 's damaged . You don 't know our Harry . Once we sets his mind on something ... He 'll not only fix your ship , he 'll polish the bulkheads . How can you turn me down ? Apparently , I can 't . Come on , you can say it . It 's embarrassing . I just want to make sure we 're clear on what we 're doing . " Right at the light , then readjust my sight . " Meaning ? Come about 86 degrees at the red giant then recalibrate sensors to compensate for photonic interference . Great . Next ? Do I really have to spend my morning reciting nursery rhymes ? It got me through the Academy . You were expelled . Okay , repeat after me . " l am not the pilot . I will not attempt to fly this ship . " That one doesn 't even rhyme . Anyone home ? Well , if it isn 't our competition . Here to spy on us ? I just stopped by to borrow a hyperspanner . Looks like you didn 't get much sleep . Irina and I were up all night . Oh , really ? Making repairs . Uh-huh . To be honest , I can 't remember the last time I had so much fun . She 's funny , smart , we get along without trying . I 'm going to ask her if she wants to spend some time on Voyager after the race . What about Joxom ? Turns out they 're just teammates . I know what you 're going to say . No , no . Actually , I was just going to congratulate you . I mean , she 's not a Borg , she 's not a hologram and she 's not dead . Looks like you might have finally found yourself the perfect woman . All teams report to your ships . The race will resume in 30 minutes . See you on the course . Attention all hands . Stand by for another race update . After fighting off a formidable challenge from the Terrellian team , the Delta Flyer has managed to hold onto its lead going into the third and final segment . Approaching the pulsars . " Straight through the gate . " " Then remodulate . " Harry sure had that glow , didn 't he ? What glow ? You know , that look you get when you first meet someone . Yeah . His cheeks were a little redder than usual . We 're through the pulsars . Harry and Irina are right behind us . You can ease up off the thrusters now . I want to conserve some fuel for the final leg . If circumstances were right , they might even have a future together . What ? Harry and Irina . Oh , they just met . It 's a little early to be planning a wedding . No , I just meant that some people just fit together without having to work at it . And other people , no matter how much they try ... Are we talking about them or us ? What ? No , I didn 't mean ... lf something 's bothering you , let 's talk about it . We should concentrate on the race . Well , maybe Harry and Irina aren 't such a great team after all . They 're falling behind . I 'm reading malfunctions in the EPS relays , but we double-checked all of them last night . We must have missed something . At this rate , we 're going to be out of the race in a couple of minutes . I think I can reroute power through the impulse manifold . No . Why not ? It could damage the reactor coils . What do the reactor coils have to do with the impulse manifolds ? These systems are different than what you 're used to . You do want to win , don 't you ? Of course I do . It just seems like every time I make a suggestion , you find a reason to reject it . I 'm more familiar with my ship than you are . Now what ? I think it 's the injector ports . No , it 's an overload in my console . That 's the second time your copilot 's console exploded . Quite a coincidence . I 'm sorry , Harry . I really am . You sabotaged your own ship- - twice . Why are you trying so hard to get out of this race ? What the hell is going on ? Sit down and hold still ! All right . If you won 't talk to me , maybe you 'll talk to Antarian Security . You disabled the com system . We 'll just wait . Someone will come along eventually . We 're past the last marker . Time to deploy the thrusters ? Whatever you say . What happened to " l 'm the pilot " ? That really bothered you , didn 't it ? It 's why you think we don 't fit together as well as Harry and Irina ? Could we talk about this later ? Assan is gaining on us . Well , then , I guess you 'd better deploy the thrusters . Thrusters deployed . This isn 't about the race anymore , is it ? You tell me . If we 're going to just sit here , we might as well see who 's winning . You 're not exactly in a position to be making requests . Admit it , Harry- - you 're curious , too . The Delta Flyer is still in the lead . Good for them . I thought that if we could do this one thing together , something that you cared about , that it might help our relationship . I didn 't know it needed help . Well , that 's part of the problem . What 's the rest ? You know the rest . So we scrape shields occasionally . It keeps things interesting . Maybe interesting isn 't enough for me . What are you doing ? They 're stopping . They 're dead in the water . Ah-ah . How far from the finish line ? Less than a million kilometers . That was Assan ! Why are we just sitting here ? If we 've got a problem , we 're going to resolve it right here , right now . You 've done everything possible to take yourself out of the race , and now you seem worried that the Delta Flyer won 't reach the finish line . I 'm counting more than a dozen ships there- - spectators , officials ... All congregated in the name of peace . Touching , isn 't it ? You 've planned some sort of attack . There are hundreds of innocent people there . How can you do that ? Not everyone is as comfortable mixing with other species as you are , Harry . Some of us believe it was better when we were separate . Hey , I never asked you to give up this race , or anything else that you care about . I never asked you to stop being yourself . The only self that I want to be is the guy that you 're in love with . Wow ... I didn 't know you felt that way . How can you say that ? Well , you always seem to have other priorities . I 'm showing you my priorities right now . The Delta Flyer wouldn 't even be in this race if you hadn 't told us about it . You gave us the fuel converter so we could qualify . The fuel converter . That 's why you 're so concerned about Tom and B 'Elanna 's crossing the finish line . What 'd you do to it ? Rig it to explode ? How come you never talked to me about this before ? Well , you 've got that tough Klingon exterior , and ... I didn 't think you liked the mushy stuff . Do I look that tough right now ? Well , does that mean you 're in the mood for some mushy stuff ? Maybe . Exactly what kind of mush are we talking about ? You tell me . Well , there 's , um ... kissy stuff . That was nice . And there 's the ... " you 're the most important person in the world to me . " I like that one , too . And there 's the " happily ever after . " How does that one work ? Well , traditionally , it requires a proposal ... We 're being scanned by some kind of modulating pulse . It 's from Irina 's ship . They must be wondering why we stopped . There 's something odd about the amplitude . Wait a minute . Di-di-da ... That 's Morse code . Harry and I use it in the Captain Proton holoprogram . What 's he saying ? " Fuel ... converter ... " rigged . Eject . " What does he mean by " rigged " ? That converter 's leaking veridium isotopes . Why didn 't the computer warn us ? The on-line sensors have been tampered with . Can you contain the leak ? Too late . The veridium is already reacting with the warp plasma . That 'll cause a warp core breach . In less than a minute . Then do what Harry said . Eject the converter . It 's too late . I have to eject the core . Here ? We 'll never survive the blast . Neither will anyone else within a million kilometers . They 're moving again . Away ... from the finish line . Warp core breach in 30 seconds . Where are we going ? A J-class nebula filled with ionized gas . Should contain the explosion . I can 't get the ejection subroutines on line . Warp core breach in 20 seconds . So what 's your answer ? My answer ? Will you marry me ? Warp core breach in 15 seconds . You 're proposing now ? It 's as good a time as any . Subroutines back on line . Warp core breach in ten seconds , nine , eight ... Clear ! - ... four ... - Go ! ... three ... Damn . I 'm sorry your team didn 't win , Captain . Janeway to the Bridge . Report . That was a shock wave from an antimatter explosion approximately 1.2 million kilometers from here . Excuse me . B 'Elanna ... I guess we lost . That depends . On what ? On how you answer my question . I thought you only asked it because we were about to explode . Well , we 're still alive ... and I 'm still asking . How come you never asked me before ? How come you 're still avoiding the question ? I 'm thinking . Think faster . Why ? You 're gonna withdraw the question ? No , but I might start to beg . Could get embarrassing . Captain 's Log , supplemental . The Antarians have invited us to participate in the post-race festivities , which has allowed me to give two of my senior officers time off for a well-deserved romantic getaway . The Delta Flyer still needs a new warp core , but I don 't think they 're in a hurry to get anywhere . To ... the winners . " B 'Elanna Paris " - - that has a nice ring to it . Thanks , but I already have a ring . Anyway , I kind of like the sound of " Tom Torres . " I hope you 're kidding . Hey ... it is the 24th century .
