 How is she ? Touch and go . I might pray over her a bit , if you don 't mind . Of course . She 's a special girl . We kind of got to be friendly right away . That 's a talent I seem to lack . If I can ask what made you pick this ship ? It looked disreputable . Well , you 're not without critical judgment . You didn 't happen to look at the name , I suppose ? What , Serenity , right ? - That 's a joke . - I believe it 's not . You wanna get the lay of the land here . Might be what you lack isn 't psychological insight . Might be its history . Serenity . Read . In the war to unite the planets the battle of Serenity was among the most devastating and decisive . Located on Hera , the valley was considered a key position by both sides and was bitterly fought over . The Independent faction , with 16 brigades and 20 air tank squads held the valley against the Alliance forces for almost two months until superior numbers ... - What does it say under " bloodbath " ? I was ... Stop . - I was just trying ... - We 're not in there . The book , I mean . We 're not generals or diplomats . We didn 't turn the tide of glorious history or whatever that thing is supposed to spew . Well , you know what they say , " History is programmed by the winners " . Nearly half a million people lay dead on that field at day 's end . About a third of them winners . Can you imagine that smell ? Can you imagine piling up the bodies of soldiers , of friends to build a wall because you got no cover ? Mal was there with you . He was my sergeant . Commanded 30-odd grunts . Five days in there were so many officers dead , he commanded 2000 . Kept us together , kept us fighting , kept us sane . By the time the fighting was over he had maybe 400 still intact . Wow , that 's a hell of a ... I said the fighting was over . But , you see , they left us there . Wounded , and sick , and near to mad as can still walk and talk . Both sides left us there while they negotiated the peace . For a week . And we kept dying . When they finally sent in med ships , we had about 150 left . And of our original platoon , just me . Mercy , forgiveness , trust . Those are things he left back there . What he has now is this ship . This ship and us on it . You get Kaylee through this , I think he 'll do right by you . He won 't kill unless he 's got no other option . - What if he tells you to kill me ? - I kill you . Just getting the lay of the land . If that battle was so horrible why 'd he name the ship after it ? Once you 've been in Serenity , you never leave . You just learn to live there .
