 In the Iast episode - Avery bad cycle has begun - From now on , I 'm your partner Everything is under control - still , there have been three suspicious deaths within a week - I can 't keep people from shooting themselves - As for Mrs Von Trieck , I 'm grieving like everyone else These marks look identical to the ones you 'd find on the skin of people on whom they tested a device invented by Doctor Edouard Paquette Edouard who ? - Oh my God ! - Any leads ? Suspects ? Anything at all ? Josee , call agent CorbeiI from national Security , it 's urgent And what about the TV , do you know anything about that ? - " He who gathers the mane has seen and will see again " - Gastonne loves me because she thinks I 'm a man I have one ovary and one testicle I 'm not a man - That 's why blanche gave him the book Pierre is the heiress to her powers - hello ? - Doctor Are you in your office ? - Yes , obviously Doctor tell me you 're alone ? alone ? Of course I 'm Doctor ? Doctor ! - He 's not here but I know where to find him Marcoux ! I had a vision Oh no please GREAT BEAR You don 't seem happy to see me Paquette I usually see you in my nightmares I 'm not sure I 'm awake - Even after ten years , you 're still bitter ? Look , this is what I was talking about Every time I get within a fifty kilometer radius of Great Bear , everything stops - But it comes back fairly quickly ? - Yes , quickly enough Do you understand any of it ? No Pierre Lamy bisexual And Gastonne who had a thing for him I didn 't see that coming When it comes to women , you still have a Iot to Iearn Biron But we don 't care about that story Maybe you don 't , but I No , no , Biron , wake up ! Forget about that OK ? I 'm not interested in village gossip The old woman got killed and all of a sudden , some stupid videos appear on TV Who can that be useful to ? That 's what we 're looking for Biron ? AII right , listen ; I didn 't say village gossip I heard you loud and clear I didn 't mean professionally I was only saying That 's fine I 've had enough of being treated like twit By Simone , by you Listen Biron , I I don 't know what to say - Never mind - Not so loud AII right , the footprints here Those are Sarah 's and her little friends - Yeah , so ? - well , look around : the house is spic 'n'span , it always is When you went out after ten o 'cIock , did you see them ? surely not - You mean - surely not because blanche wouldn 't have left mud tracks here all night No The tracks were done after you went out Yes , yes , yes What were those kids doing here so late that night ? I don 't know you 're interested in village gossip now ? - It 's about time you got here - Put your men under my command As of now , I 'm in charge of everything - Sure , sure , that 's fine What ? Who 's a hermaphrodite ? What 's wrong with Doc Mondoux ? Oh , I can 't take it anymore shot him straight through the heart - Who ? - No idea No one saw anything - Doctor Mondoux ! I saw everything I had a vision What ? " follow the great bear 's tail " The third sentence says : " follow the great bear 's tail at night " Isn 't the Big Dipper also called the " Great Bear " ? I see dippers everywhere ! - Ah , you 're right you know That 's the problem with blanche Sure , she had a gift but her parables never led me very far I need something concrete - There I got it ! - And why didn 't she give that piece of paper to me ? No Had to be for the big star from the big city - Come on Biron , nothing against you BIanche said that by saving her soul , I couId free mine Who knows what that really means but I 'm starting to think she wasn 't as crazy as she looked Shit ! I lost it ! - Lapointe - Ah , OK ! Got it ! - Lapointe - AII right follow the bear 's tail ; maybe if we follow the orientation of the of the constellation - Lapointe ! - What ? unless " follow the bear 's tail " simply means " follow the bear 's tail " Come on Biron , come on ! Hey , we can 't find Pierre anywhere With what happened to blanche and Poitras , I 'm starting to get worried Sophie thinks Pierre is the " heiress " BIanche gave him the book ; he is part woman and it was always 'her ' who had the most talent Oh my God It 's only because something bad has happened to every one who appeared on TV , OK Sweetheart ? Nobody can hurt you here - Honey , I have to talk to you - I 'm sorry Sweetheart ; it 's for your own protection - Yep , with certain women you must use a Iot of protection - Hey ! assholes , what 's your problem ? - Honey Listen to me - Hey smartasses ! Shut up ! - Listen to me ! - Marcoux Something 's moving on TV Wait ! - That bear is running fast ! - I don 't think it 's wise to run after a bear at night - Come on Biron Where has your enthusiasm gone ? - What do we do if he turns around ? It 's a mighty big bear - Oh stop it ! I haven 't had this much fun since the Lambert case in ' 92 - What ? This has nothing to do with it The Lambert case , that was serious There were criminals , a political scandal , documents It was a real investigation damn it ! Look at us ! We 're not journalists ; we 're two weirdoes with flashlights , following a bear in the forest - Damn ! We lost it ! - Damn We lost it But what are we doing here anyway ? - Ah ! Biron , nobody 's forcing you to follow me You 're the one who pulled me into this - Yeah , because we were supposed to work on a case together I had a chance to launch my career But now , I find myself stuck in the middle of the woods , trying to save a washed up alcoholic 's soul - well , that 's just it ! They didn 't send me here to make your career They sent me here to destroy what was left of mine They sent me here so I 'd get lost But I 'm starting to find myself , I can feel it Yeah , right ! You couldn 't even find your way back to the hotel - Oh no That 's the bear - Yeah and he 's pissed ! Stay here , stay here BIanche We 're getting married in two days Do you think it 's really over ? Do you think I 'm cured ? - It 's not an illness HeIène ; it 's a state of mind - She 's talking to blanche - It has nothing to do with my mind It 's in my body It gets me , right here , it overtakes me I can 't think about anything else I couldn 't But now it 's different Thanks to you and thanks to him - It is your mind , HeIène ; your body is not interested in uniforms - But that 's the problem : I 'd rather he didn 't wear one Because that 's not why I Iove him - You see ? You 've changed You must tell him - No He wouldn 't love me if he knew No We 're getting married How could I Iook him in the eyes ? If he knew If he knew that I slept with practically everything wearing a uniform in Great Bear With all the guys he works with , sometimes several at a time I did things I would never do with him - You have to tell him , yes , it 's only a matter of time - No - It 's only a matter of time No , Marcoux ! She threw herself at us , I swear ! I didn 't know you back then You changed everything Since you I 've never cheated on you Marcoux ? Marcoux Marcoux , calm down Do it Do it Marcoux , please If you don 't love me anymore , kill me Marcoux ! Who was that crazy guy ? - Looks like Marcoux , Gastonne 's partner Come on I 've been here before Yeah This is where the old woman brought me This is where I got hit on the head Biron ! Biron ? - Are you OK ? - Yeah , I 'm OK I just fell - What 's that ? That 's blanche 's necklace This is where the bear wanted to take us The autopsy report said the body was partially buried - But why half bury somebody ? - Because you get caught - Here , in the middle of the night ? There 's not even a car on Main Street In any case , I don 't think the murder was pre-meditated I think it was an accident The blow to the head I got ; that wasn 't an accident - No THAT , I 'm sure was intentional But if I wanted to kill someone and bury them , I 'd bring a shovel Now this hole wasn 't dug by hand but just about You 're making progress Must be the experience kicking in Listen I 'm sorry about Pierre I knew you had a thing for him - Never mind Story of my Iife always one step behind or one foot off the track If I fell in love , it had to be with a guy with with him - Right hello , central ? still no sign of Marcoux ? - No , not yet - Thanks tell the chief we have new evidence on the Von Trieck case - OK , 10-4 I thought you weren 't involved in that investigation ? My father is busy with the national Security agent who got here last night Oh , that 's right , you don 't know ; Doctor Mondoux is dead We found him murdered , in his office This , is all we have on the murder of blanche Von Trieck Reports , depositions , analysis - You know very well it 's the TV transmission that interests me , not the old woman - Maybe , but I 've got to find a guilty party or I 'm deadbeat - BeIiveau ! There 's a wacko in the interrogation room who says he saw the doctor get killed , in his dreams Take his deposition ; I 've got better things to do - But the wacko is - Yeah , yeah When things went wrong ten years ago , Paquette destroyed everything Documents , data He didn 't teach his method to anyone Besides , he doesn 't want to take up his research again He 's got support from higher up But Paquette is still the only one who can help us understand what 's going on In any case , that 's what we thought until now Because now it seems that there 's someone else here I haven 't felt like this in years , Catherine I thought I had lost him but now I 'm on the verge of finding him again I have a son A real Ferron , a fighter - You can 't trust that kid AII he wants is our downfall - No , he 's changed - You can 't change just like that , Georges You can 't go from hating to - He didn 't hate me ; he just didn 't understand me He sees that I always wanted the best for him I 'm sure - I 'II call you back - I 'II call you back Georges , this is - nicole CorbeiI , national Security What can I do for you ? Just the question I wanted to hear Miss - What can I do for you , dear sir ? - Have you already forgotten our date ? - Ah , but it wasn 't set I won 't accept anything less than " The Tortoise and the Hare " at the end of Main Street And fix yourself up - Refined , demanding I knew it ! - Yeah , I hear you have a gift for seizing the essence of a woman in no time - I was only trying to cheer up poor Biron But I wasn 't far from the truth - It 's often dangerous to get too close to the truth , you know ? - Is that a challenge or a warning ? - A bit of both I 'II tell you a little story , Georges , to make you understand why we need you Ever heard of Edouard Paquette , the scientist ? - Since yesterday only - Great neurologist About twelve years ago , with a device that he created , he was able to decode the electrical brain waves of his lab rats He read the rats ' thoughts ? Better than that He transformed them into images and projected them on screen The rat thinks about a piece of cheese and A piece of cheese appears on screen I don 't know if you can imagine all of the research possibilities this would have opened up , Georges ? Why " would have " ? He 's not dead Paquette started to experiment on humans and it went wrong - The coward stopped everything ; we were on the verge of - You were involved ? Why are you telling me this ? I don 't want to know about any of it - Too late Georges You already know too much Damn What am I going to do with you now ? - Hey , what is this ? I need someone who knows the region well and has the resources to help us do what we have to do , in total discretion - You can 't talk about this to anyone national Security - OK , I won 't , but I won 't do anything for you either Find someone else - Too late , Georges - In exchange for your zealous and immediate collaboration , I promise to look the other way regarding that little business you run on the side - I didn 't have a choice , I swear - Good thing I have you - Yeah , that 's true Everybody 's against you , but I 'm here At your service , my beloved - They 're not against me , they 're going crazy , don 't you see ? Isn 't anybody noticing ? I thought it was just my family Good thing I have you - " He who gathers the mane has seen and will see again " What 's that hairdresser 's name again ? The one with both sexes - Pierre Lamy He belongs to a group who took BIanche 's stories very seriously - Don 't you ever sleep ? - Come on Biron , you slept a whole half hour in the car - Oh shit - No no no - well , well ; small world - A little too small if you ask me - I 'm not finished with you , you little crook - I 'm sorry about your wife and what I did in court I regret it What do you want me to ? - Wasn 't a nice bunch of people you were working for , kid It 's hard to keep your nose clean when you play in shit I 'II see you again in court , but this time - Hey ! Get over it ! It 's been ten years ! - Mind your own business , you goody-two-shoes ! - Excuse me ? - Since I 've been here , I 've seen you act like the immaculate little girl , hoIier than thou Mamma 's girl who thinks she 's above everybody , who pretends to love people but who actually looks down on them - will you just shut your big mouth ? - Never mind , that 's what he wants , lets go Yeah , bye-bye See you around - Think what you want of me , Mr Lapointe But there 's one thing I 'm sure of people change Sometimes from bad to good And sometimes from good to bad Look into your heart , you know it 's true If you want to preach , there are plenty of mountains around " Look into your heart " Did you hear that Biron She got you good ! It 's closed ; what do we do ? closed will not drop pants for anyone - For the hundredth time , all we want is to ask you a few questions - I know you , journalists - Can you tell him we don 't give a damn what 's between his legs ? - We 're investigating blanche 's murder , Pierre , that 's all - That 's police business - Do you want us to send you the police ? Biron , call the station tell them that Pierre Lamy will explain to them why he was hiding in Mrs Von Trieck 's house , the night she was killed Where is the book Pierre ? - I don 't have it anymore They stole it from me - Who did ? Why ? - I don 't know Because - Biron , call the police - No , wait ! BIanche hadn 't been feeling well for a while She sensed she didn 't have much longer 9-1-1 ! Anybody ! She tried to hide it from us , but it just worried us even more Everyone knew that when blanche would die , her powers would be transmitted to someone else - Yeah right - It 's always been that way , EmiIe The book is there to prove it But I couldn 't understand why she didn 't want to say to whom So , when I Ieft work that night , I went to her place to ask her for the hundredth time : who ? When I got there , I saw you leaving with blanche That 's when I decided to go in I didn 't want to steal the book I wanted to find clues inside It was all written in Dutch But I couldn 't stop reading I was continuously turning page after page I don 't know how long that went on for and then , they came in - Who ? - The children Sarah and her friends They took the book I 'm sure - Did you tell this to the police ? - Are you nuts ? And you don 't have anything to tell either I have enough problems as it is EmiIe Sarah isn 't " normal " - Georges ! - He 's our associate , he stays here He knows everything now anyway - It 's too risky He 's young , foolish and unreliable Even if he 's changed his mind about us , which I doubt - I think I 'm not done surprising you , " Auntie " - In any case , I need someone to run the operations while I 'm gone to - Georges , what 's he doing here ? - Christian works with us now - But - Don 't worry , handsome ; I won 't tell Stephanie you 're dealing drugs behind her back She , who did everything to get you away from your old gang - They 're forcing me to ! - Yeah but you take your share , don 't you ? - I don 't talk to my old gang , OK ? They don 't know I 'm in Great Bear Georges ? - Don 't worry , Armand , I won 't tell them you 're here ; they want you dead Come on , I wouldn 't do that to you - Christian will be in charge of organizing the next deal You do as he says I 'II coach him - Georges - He can do it He 's a Ferron Anyway , I I have a few problems to take care of at the mine - She 's not normal Coming from him , that 's something ! - What do you think ? - well , I think he 'd never touch one hair off my head Grave-robbing kids I don 't know what he 's shooting up but that 's not just testosterone Think about that , Biron - See you Lapointe Armand LafIamme That little brat It 's nice to come home , eh ? Sarah , I 'd really like you to talk to me We used to laugh , you and I You know , BIanche is gone but I can feel her with us Do you feel it too ? It 's nice of you guys to come by but isn 't it a little late ? How did you know she was back ? It 's her She missed us so she called us We 'II go now Thanks for the invitation I really appreciate your company - I couId tell you you 'd appreciate it better in more horizontal circumstances But - I think our relationship is still fairly oblique , perhaps ? - Sinuous , yes , zigzagging at the limit But oblique ? In a way , maybe - I 'm assuming you are referring to all the gossip you must have heard about me and Georges , my sister 's husband ? well , you should know that it 's almost all true But it 's over , that story had lasted for much too long - I 'm not sure George would say the same , but No , that 's not what I was going to talk to you about Armand LafIamme ; I saw you with him - He 's my niece 's boyfriend - Your niece who loves you so - I 'm trying to get as close to her as I can It 's not easy - Yeah , I can understand - Armand is a good guy - If I may - Mr Lapointe ; since you are so perceptive , why don 't you tell me what you really think , honestly - About what ? - About me After that we 'II go to bed Our separate ways This time - You see Catherine , if I told you what I really think of you , the words I would use wouldn 't be decent enough for a couple of sophisticated people like you and I on their first date But I can tell you what I see What I saw right away , the first time What I see is a woman with a deep wound , a love that 's too big , a love that people around her are incapable of taking and even less of returning Before you I 've known only one other person like that - See you again soon , Mr Lapointe Thank you What did I tell you ? They can 't stand it without TV They 'd pay a hundred bucks to see a puppet show ! - Not bad , but the TV will come back eventually - What would you know about that ? - Nothing , but wait to see the margin of profit on those little candies we 're cooking up , Armand will show you that later - Yeah , speaking of Armand - One thing a time We still need him - Look at them ! They 're all waiting for the next scandal - Oh no ! Watch them closely ; they 're shaking They 're all shitting their pants , afraid of being the next one to appear still no sign of Marcoux ? - Not yet - Pierre what did he say ? - Nothing I mean He had a vision about the doctor He didn 't talk to me personally And it 's by following a bear that you ended up where blanche 's necklace was ? - I know it doesn 't make sense - With blanche , everything made sense , eh ? So , the next clue would be : " Got cells " - Yeah , well , they 've been in order since the beginning What about Mondoux ? - Nothing much He was clutching a little piece of paper in his hand when he died We 're looking into it but - well , what 's wrong ? I just want to go get my brother - Go home you whore ! Sam ! Come here Sam ! Let 's go - I 'II go get him - Thanks - Thank you - You 're welcome - Marcoux will come back , you 'II see - You think so ? Anyway , things will never be the same If only blanche was here She could I don 't know , make him understand - But didn 't she say there would be another woman ? Who would inherit her powers ? - Who ? Sophie thinks Pierre is blanche 's heiress - Sorry - That 's OK But what about little Sarah ? - Sarah ? It 's true There 's something but not quite the same as blanche I don 't know - Got cells got cells - samuel ! - Got cells got cells - Biron ! - Wait , wait ! Listen
