 In the Iast episode Avery bad cycle has begun I knew it What are those rabbits ? This will hurt at first , but it 's time somebody opened your eyes about Dad and your sister What are you doing here , you moron ? I was with Mom Suzanne ! - You 're sending me on a story , in a hole - It 's not a hole , it 's a mine - Louis-Bernard Lapointe is coming to Great Bear And do you know who will be his guide , assistant and best friend ? Biron Come here ! The messenger is in the house The messenger ? - Yes , the messenger The one who announces her death I was waiting for you Marie ! 911 ! Somebody ! Hey ! Come on , now ! This is Poitras OK , so he was knocked out in his first fight but he hasn 't lost once since Not once - Yeah , well , tonight , it 's against taylor - Yeah , but Poitras is a proud guy , huh ? For those who are brave enough to bet on him I 'II give two to one Three ? Come on , I can 't give you three You should be ashamed A guy from around here Don 't you have more confidence in him than that ? Ok , boys Two and a half Let me tell you straight off : he 's gonna win and you 'II ruin me Mike , have you seen Louis-Bernard Lapointe , the reporter ? No well , I 'II be dammed ; he was with me I went back to my car and he was gone Between you and me , that 's no great loss He 's Louis-Bernard Lapointe ; show some respect he 's the greatest investigative reporter we 've ever had here Yeah , maybe ten years ago , but now Georges The boys and our wives ; we wanted to tell you we 're really sorry about your wife Thanks , Yvon Thank you , boys You have families and I know that you 're thinking of me But I swear that the best thing you can do for me tonight would be to have a drink and to have some fun as usual Mike This round 's on me And if Poitras wins the championship , it 's on the house until three in the morning The body is in the morgue ? Go ahead Pay someone off I want it cremated tonight Tomorrow morning at the latest Lapointe ? Where were you ? I 've been looking for you all day Oh that ? It 's those little rabbits They appeared yesterday and then went away and now Goddamn ! And now the official presentation Jean-Guy Poitras has reacted very poorly in the first two rounds and now here 's taylor hitting him constantly and Poitras is simply not retaliating Oh ! The punch has gotten through Poitras is down ! It 's finished Over and out ! GREAT BEAR Hey , What 's going on ? Come on ! I don 't understand Everything was normal Now , come on ! What are you doing ? Let 's go , Iet 's go ! I can 't go on living Not like this Not at all I 'm going to leave before I lose my mind " I 've it up to my Yin Yang " , Iike Christian would say My son , I 'II love you always It 's you who doesn 't love me anymore It 's over But you , George : I 'm not far from hating you But in the end , I know that I 've let myself be destroyed So that 's it It 's over You , Catherine , my darling sister , what did you see in him that made you Iie so much that it drove me mad ? I don 't have the courage to ask you anymore Oh , but you , Stephanie , my beautiful , my Stephanie who is so far away Stephanie , forgive me , I beg of you But it 's over It 's not a novel you 're writing , Catherine , it 's a suicide letter : something impulsive I 'm doing it the way she would 've With a little bit of care and then some disguised reproach aimed at everybody It has to be credible Stephanie is going to read it Show me unbelievable She was my big sister I Iearned to write by copying her When we were little and it was raining , we got together in the attic to write love letters She would be the woman and I would be the man But we had the same handwriting And it was so much better then , eh ? Before I came and made both of you unhappy What can I say ? You didn 't love her I Ioved you well , it 's her you married Because of you I was fifteen , Georges You 're both the same , never satisfied No matter what I do " what did you see in him that made you lie so much that it drove me mad ? " That 's a bit much , isn 't it ? Put yourself in her place We 're writing this to clear ourselves , not to make ourselves look more guilty We can only clear ourselves of the murder For everything else , it 's too late Aren 't you scared ? You could 've been joining your mother sooner than expected I mean I 'm sorry It must be just a small adjustment I won 't die today I have some things to attend to My time hasn 't come You mean Your mother Excuse me Her time had come ? Her time I get the impression that someone played with the clock hands Did you know that the TV isn 't working in Great Bear ? Since last night ; it 's nothing but snow They don 't know why Before it went off , it seems that the old Von Trieck woman appeared BIanche ? Yeah , she screamed : " Aaaah ! " Then bang ! No more TV BIanche You 're tuned in to the morning show with Simone Letendre When the bear growls , it will be exactly 8 o 'cIock Ah-ah ! finally ! Good morning You missed my girlfriend well , my ex She 's the morning woman Biron Pardon the cliche but Where am I ? well , you 're in Great Bear , in the building next to the La Forge Bar - where I found you last night - that is , the La Forge motel And you 're in your room , more precisely , you 're in your bed Biron , Biron Now I 've got two more quick questions for you and I recommend you answer in as clear and concise manner as you have just done because I swear that your life depends on it OK , go ahead OK Primo : what the hell are you doing in my bedroom ? Secondo : why am I stark naked , Goddamnit ? OK should I start with " Primo " or " Secondo " ? That 's because the two are sort of connected , but OK , OK Here it goes Another great day in prospect It hasn 't stopped ringing since 8 o 'cIock As if the rabbits weren 't enough ! - What 's weird is that this is only happening in Great Bear - Who told you that ? - Great Bear Radio That 's all they 're talking about - I don 't know what to do I won 't know what to say - It 's unbelievable , huh ? I don 't know what to do either - He 's talking about our absent boss , you twit ! - No I 'm talking about Stephanie She 's arriving today - Stephanie Ferron ? - No , Stephanie of Monaco , you twit ! well , while you 're waiting for your princess , we 've got to find the boss - The boss is the boss He gets here when he feels like it - Don 't you realize that we 're already in shit up to here ? - I 'II go and see - Who ? Stephanie ? - No , no , the boss , you twit ! Catherine It 's time You were crying in your sleep I was dreaming I was dreaming that we could start our lives over without hurting anybody It would never end Anyway , to help someone , you always have to hurt someone else tell yourself that Mike ! But if we could start again from the beginning Don 't you think ? Go get Stephanie She 's arriving soon And we need to talk to Christian before she finds him Mike ! Find him and do what 's necessary Georges , he 's your son He 's very lucky Listen to me , will you ? You got here , drunk out of your mind I settled you in , as comfortably as possible That 's all - Don 't you sleep naked ? - No ! Of course , if you always go to bed in this state I didn 't drink a drop last night but I 've got a splitting headache now well duh ! I really don 't mean to hurt you , Mr Lapointe , but it 's well known that you have a problem There 's no point in denying it Listen , Biron I don 't know what 's in the air in Great Bear , but I don 't like it at all Fuck the story ! I 'm going back to montreal What ? It 's more than a story It 's a case ; it 's an investigation into an isolated community They don 't give a damn about your isolated community ! Do you understand that , huh ? They only sent me here to get me out the way If it 's my resignation they want , they 'II have it I want nothing to do with your hole , with your mine , with your witch I 'm leaving Does that please you ? well , great ! No , it 's because you didn 't say " with you " What ? You said , " I want nothing to do with your hole , mine , witch " , but not " with you " With With me , that is - I didn 't say it ? - No well , I 'm saying it now No , it doesn 't work like that Too late Hey ! Ah , Mr Lapointe - Who 's that ? - That 's Catherine LapIante , Georges Ferron 's mistress - The one who owns half the mine ? - Yeah and half the town She 's his wife 's sister well , the one who just killed herself I wonder why doing that to her own sister Don 't make snap judgments , Biron It 's not professional It 's been a Iong time since I 've seen such a beautiful woman Catherine Isn 't that the name of an empress ? Of a tyrant , yes If you worked with her , you 'd see You know her ? In Great Bear , everybody knows everybody On top of that , she 's my boss The director of Great Bear Radio You could have introduced me Where are you going ? I don 't know but they want a story We 're going to give them one really ? Take that and come along Mr Von Trieck ! Mr Von Trieck we have to open up the shop We 've lost the satellite signal Mr Von Trieck ? Mr Von Trieck ! Mr Von Trieck ! Are you OK , Mr Von Trieck ? Are you OK , Mr Von Trieck ? Mr Von Trieck ! Yes I need an ambulance Main Street The Von Trieck house Yes , it 's urgent ! Sarah ? It 's OK , Sarah It 's over It 'II be OK It 's it 's just an epileptic fit Everything 's fine Oh , my Your Dad will be OK The doctor 's coming BIanche ? Where 's my father ? He has a Iot of things to do The funeral , paperwork to fill out formalities I understand Come on , Iet 's go and see him Are you still sleeping with him ? Stephanie Last night , were you with him ? I 'm not asking you to forgive me I sure hope not I just want you to believe that , right now , I 'm hurting as much as you are , Stephanie please please Where 's Christian ? We haven 't seen him since Even the police are looking for him Take me to his place But your father Don 't worry : his turn will come please try to understand I want to see my brother Are you taking me or not ? From now on , when your father phones , you answer ! Where were you the evening your mother shot herself ? Your place I was at your place - Yeah ? - Yeah What for ? For a game of cards Right We played cards all night Why 's that ? Because you 're my friend ! That 's it We 're buddies , you and me Great poker buddies You 'd do well to remember that because the next time you come to my place , it won 't be to play " Crazy 8 's " Hi , Stef What have you done to yourself ? Mom 's dead Here you go That 's nice She needs lots of sleep The morning show 's not easy Oh , no need to wake her Sure , sure , she 's always wanted to meet you Simone Simone , wake up I want to meet somebody Simone , wake up No , EmiIe Not tonight : I 'm tired , OK ? Simone , wake up , will you ? Don 't touch me ! I said no ! Louis-Bernard Lapointe Simone Letendre hello Miss Where are the washrooms ? well , over there Oh , great ! Look at me ! You introduce me all wrinkled , smudged , my eyes all bleary A little courtesy , or even a good word in for me That 's all I was asking for ! Oh , it 's awful ! I 've got no chance now No chance for what ? - Thank you - You 're welcome well , well Mixed washrooms I would have never have thought Great Bear to be so " avant-garde " Oh , we aren 't really I often even get the impression that Great Bear is going backwards while the rest of the world moves forward nonetheless , here we are , you and I , in spite of certain undeniable biological differences , differences which , I admit willingly , are entirely to your advantage Here we are , you and I , in spite of our undeniable differences In the women 's washroom Oh , really ? Oh , well , yes I 'm I 'm delighted to meet you Louis-Bernard Lapointe , wandering knight , reporter , soon to be freelancing , at your service Catherine LapIante Whatever , it 's my ass , I 'II have you know ! welcome to Great Bear , Mr Lapointe You must admit ; being weII-known has its advantages In Great Bear , everyone knows you as well Are you kidding me , Sir ? Biron , do me a favour We 're working together Let 's drop the formalities OK ? - really ? - Yeah , yeah well , OK Sure AII right then Did you Where should we start ? We 've got a meeting with the mayor , but only this afternoon Fuck the mayor ! Fuck the mayor ? Yeah , yeah , yeah Fuck the mayor Come on , get in Fuck the mayor But I thought it was the socio-economic angle and the future of the mine that interested you Ah ! only fools don 't change their minds Yes , but our assignment well , I mean Your assignment You 're the one who was pushing for a human approach to this story Yes , OK , but , although her husband is the town 's leader , I don 't see what a depressed woman 's suicide has to do with the future of Great Bear Nor do I Not yet Strange place to end it all Why did she come here ? Not to be disturbed , I suppose This warehouse isn 't used anymore No one ever comes here Biron ! What are you doing here ? well , I was wondering the same thing Louis-Bernard Lapointe of Radio-Canada I know who you are but you have no business here on my crime scene Your crime scene ? OK , OK I 'm in charge of the investigation My father assigned it to me personally this morning Your first investigation ? AII right ! Investigation , crime Hey , you 're not allowed to commit suicide It 's against the Iaw So shooting yourself is a crime well , actually , suicide is illegal but it 's not been a crime since 1972 That 's a drag , huh ? Never mind the details How would society be if everyone started killing themselves ? - really bad - exactly But , fortunately , you 're here Exact OK get out Get out of here or I 'II run you in for Trespassing on a restricted area That 's right smart-ass What ? Nothing EmiIe would you have the photos you took the other day ? They 'd look good in my file Your very own file You must be pleased It 's about time It 's all right I didn 't even have to ask for it either You don 't say ? Has there been an autopsy ? well We felt that the cause of death was quite obvious I 'm no expert but , if the bullet hit her from the front , the wound wouldn 't be like that The impact would have spread out towards the back If you look at her back , you 'II see that the holes are very small According to you , the bullet hit her in the back ? Marcoux ! call the station and order an autopsy And forget about the summons : I want a warrant for Christian Ferron Not the Ferron son ? He fired a gun in his father 's bar that very evening well , come on , that guy couldn 't hurt a fly - Gastonne ! - What ? There won 't be an autopsy Why 's that ? The body 's been cremated What ? But the funeral 's tomorrow This doesn 't look good - Gastonne ! - What ? The old Von Trieck woman I mean blanche She 's been found dead I bet in the bar on the boxing match Again ? I know I shouldn 't have I don 't have a cent I have nothing They think that by beating you up you 'II pay up faster ? These people don 't think , Stef They hit , that 's all You should just quit all of it and ask Dad for money He owes you that , at Ieast I 'd rather bleed to death You 're that proud ? Me ? Proud ? I 'm not Iike you , Stef Even when I try , I 'm not Iike you Everybody respects you Me ? Look at me Give yourself time You 're still young But we shouldn 't let them push us around , though What do you mean , push us around ? Did you talk to Mom the day she died ? No It had been quite a while since I had seen her On pills I couldn 't stand it anymore well , I spoke to her the day before - Screwed up ? - Un-huh But not suicidal What do you mean ? Hi , Stephanie You 're back ? well , that 's to be expected My condolences It 's about your mother Christian , I have a warrant and everything I don 't think I 'II need these , right ? For now , it 's just for questioning OK ? I 've got nothing to hide Oh ! Oh , sorry , Doctor Mondoux That 's OK , Pierre Take your time I 've done much worse to my patients I I I must 've had too much coffee this morning I I 've got the shakes Did you know that the first surgeons were barbers ? Oh , yeah ? That 's where the red on the barber 's pole comes from Ah Pierre What ? What ? OK , hum , sure Excuse me , Doctor Pierre You were right She died Last night well , not in the way you told us but Dead Yes , I know You know ? We 've only just found her I I knew yesterday , when I told you , I I don 't see why I would know any less today well , yeah , but we could have done something We can 't do anything against fate , Marcoux Nothing well , I have to take the doctor over there Watch where you step We have to take prints There are at Ieast three types She certainly wasn 't attacked by dwarves ! Where is blanche ? She 's upstairs OK , come on Sweet Jesus ! If I catch the guy who did this We will catch him , Marcoux We 'II catch him and then he 'II pay Yes , ma 'am , we 're working on it Yeah , yeah well , yes ! There 's a satellite company technician coming in from the States Mr BeauIieu , Mr BeauIieu , you don 't understand the problem Bring it in for repair if you want ; but your TV 's fine Ma 'am The problem isn 't at your place It 's in the sky Great Bear satellite TV I can try to help but I 'm busy answering phones There 's not one TV working in the whole town Let it ring I can 't take any more Excuse me , Mr Thibodeau , it 's just that we 're closing We 'II sort this out as soon as possible What does that mean ? Soon ? Hey , guys , there 's another fight tomorrow night And if no one watches it , who 's going to put money in my pocket ? will you ? will you ? Listen , Sir Everybody Hey Don 't give me that " Listen , Sir " shit ? OK ? OK , sir Daddy 's coming OK ? Hey , I told you to wait for me in the car Let me deal with it my own way The body has been burnt It 's done I 'd rather they had suspicions instead of proof hold on Hey , get your fucking hands off ! Georges ! Mike ! It 's OK Catherine , I 'II call you back No , I 'II call you back , I said ! ConjugaI troubles ? Give me a break with your dumb jokes My wife 's dead , Bob Cremated too , apparently Lost no time : that 's good My wife 's dead The old Von Trieck woman as well Yeah , so I heard Is that all that it means to you ? Don 't you think I have other things on my mind ? seriously , I 'd Iike to know You and the Von Trieck 's , since you took over their mine , you 've done nothing but act like cats and dogs With Thomas perhaps but blanche Come on , you think I did it ? I 'm asking you You 're crazy ! I can 't cover up your fuck-ups indefinitely , Georges If you 're involved at all in this , say so or else forget about me I had nothing against the old woman Nor against your wife I didn 't kill her I 've told you everything Get off my back I pay you enough It was an accident OK And if that little moron hadn 't showed up Speaking of Christian , I hope you 've got your stories straight ? Don 't worry I straightened him out And what about you ? I gave the investigation to Gastonne Your daughter ? She couldn 't stop traffic in a dead end Did you receive the suicide note ? Yeah Nice handwriting in that family I feel all empty inside Don 't you have anything stronger than this ? I have this migraine on both sides at the same time Mrs Von Trieck It It 's as if it wasn 't real Motrin , morphine , anything BIanche Von Trieck was the Was the heart No She was the soul of Great Bear This is a town without a soul Everybody went to see her We told her about our troubles big and small and then , when we came out of there ; it was as though As though they 'd be lifted from our shoulders Listen , Biron You 've been repeating the same thing for an hour Have you been able to remember what you did last night ? - No Is it left or right here ? - Left - tell me about your beautiful boss-Iady instead of preaching - well , I 've told you everything What do you want to know ? - well , I don 't know She 's Ferron 's mistress but is she married ? - Not as far I know , but with her - children ? - No - Perfect Oh , my little darling Don 't cry The TV will come back on Mommy promises you Oh , stop Shhh Shhh It can 't be true Biron , it 's coming back to me I went into this house - Huh ? - Yeah I went into the house I came in through here I was looking for a phone - Here ? - But I searched everywhere in town - could we ? - AII right Go ahead , but it 's not pretty Mrs Von Trieck Jesus Yes , that 's it I came in here I saw the bear She She was Marie ! Lapointe ? What 's wrong ? Lapointe ! I 'II call an ambulance
