 It 's my turn I don 't see anything I can 't breathe Sarah , come cut the cord Come Get out ! Sarah , tell her Look , there ! Lost your mommy ? Sarah Mrs Von Trieck I had a premonitory dream Again ? Pierre When ? This morning , just before I woke up - Did it come true ? - Not yet , but Did you see my granddaughter ? Sarah ? No , I saw you She hasn 't come home I 'm talking about my dream I 'm sure it was a premonition It 's late If you play with the great pine the great pine will play with you In my dream Do I Iook like a ghost ? I 'm tired , Pierre You 've predicted the death of half the town Gosh I knew it I knew it I just knew it 9-1-1 ! Somebody ! THE GREAT BEAR tell Sarah to go home ! - I 'II lock up - You locked up yesterday - I Iike locking up - Guys , guys Something 's got to change No money in TV Find some new ideas - You moron - You Don 't miss Hands On , tonight at 9 : 00 p m This is Louis-Bernard Lapointe saying Be there HANDS ON Tonight at 9 : 00 p m Robert Come here What 's this all about ? Sending me to do a report in the sticks I 'm not a rookie I 'm the host - A mine , not the sticks - Past the 50th parallel Anywhere north of downtown is the sticks to me It 'II be a challenge Find the soul of the place It 's delicate and human It requires experience A guy who trapped the bear and skinned it You mean an oId-timer You want to get rid of me Come on I 'm at the peak of my career I 'm barely 50 I 'm getting better looking I 'm not a woman This is Marc Bonsecours for Louis-Bernard Lapointe welcome to Hands On How 's the sound ? Great Bear Stop it , Mom We must talk to Christian Young Ferron 's smart enough not to believe your stories Leave him alone Just rest I 'II put Sarah to bed and get rid of your groupie so I can watch TV in peace You , the fortune teller , take off She didn 't die , but I wasn 't far off The waves are disturbed - You 're disturbed Out - It 's bad Your mom feels it too Let me talk to her You and your friends are making her sick Get out Let me talk to her Stop it ! Christian I 'm watching TV , Christian I 'm watching my show Christian Where are you taking me ? - I 'm telling your father - I 'm not a kid , Mom I 'm telling your father - Get rid of that ! - What ? You need to know the truth about Dad and your sister Here Don 't We agreed it was over You said it was over From now on , it 's strictly business For the Iast time You should 've thought about Suzanne earlier She 'II never get over it Don 't start She 's not in touch with reality half the time We 've held back for 25 years Are you sure they 'II have all the money ? We 'II see It 's our first deal Here they come Mrs Von Trieck It 's me , Pierre It 's Pierre , Mrs Von Trieck Remember , tomorrow 's the big fight Come early It 'II be packed We wouldn 't miss Poitras vs taylor There won 't be room for everyone Mike give me the keys to my dad 's office Very funny Your dad 'II hear about this Shut up I 've had enough of you Stay calm There You can tell my dad about that , too You won 't have to He 'II listen to me , now The situation is far from over Not even close I 'II cover it in my report Thank you I 'II be on assignment for a few weeks for Our Towns and villages Marc Bonsecours will be with you while I discover the soul of Great Bear Hear that ? Louis-Bernard Lapointe is coming to Great Bear I 'm Louis-Bernard Lapointe Be there Guess who 'II be his guide , assistant , and best friend What are those rabbits ? Be there ! tell me if the rabbits come on again Where 's your boss ? Why isn 't carlos here ? He 's not my boss He 's sick I 'm replacing him - That wasn 't our agreement - relax We 've got the cash if you 've got the candy If I 'm wasting my time , you 'II be sorry Eenie , meenie miney , moe What do we do now ? We count Get in ! Get in It 's not over ! Stop ! You 're hurting me I 'm hurting you ? Look at your face , Mom Did I do that to you ? I didn 't do anything to you And you didn 't do anything for me Not a thing Never Your father and I wish you were closer to us You don 't help yourself Know what I found in Dad 's drawer ? Don 't do anything stupid Look ! She embroiders her underwear ? Am I the crazy one ? Am I the bastard in the family ? Catherine " Your father and I " Take me home We 're not finished please stop Avery bad cycle has begun What 's going to happen ? I only see tears and blood I knew it What 'II happen when you 're dead ? Who will replace you , BIanche ? You know I can 't tell you everything There are things I cannot prevent EmiIe ? It 's late I was just thinking that I 'm going I 'm happy , EmiIe Me too Very happy About what ? That we 're still friends , silly Oh , yeah Me too Happy as a lark Do we buy ? We 'II call you This could be the beginning of a great love story Perhaps I 'm not finished We 'II finish counting Don 't you trust me ? I 'm hurt , George You counted half multiply by two George ? I don 't know - Catherine ? - I don 't know - Is this a joke - Am I laughing ? Don 't panic How many did you take , Mom ? marcel , the suitcases Everyone down ! Easy Who does she think she is ? Now , I call the shots That 's all you need to know Shut up No one move Why would anyone come here ? If it 's their guys - What do we do ? - I 'm thinking We won 't let them screw us carlos was right They 're amateurs We 're in a fine mess relax , marcel Their candy 's a blast Worth $ 50 a shot , easy Wait for my signal If it turns bad , we shoot and take off It 's almost over , Mom The bastard If I hear him say something after that I 'II go see This is bad This is bad Why are you here , moron ? Who are they ? Who fired ? The bitch Who are you ? I was with Mom Damn moron Let 's get out of here I want my money Drop the suitcase You 've always been strong Robert No , I can 't believe it Why are you doing this ? I thought we were friends Friends Sir , your phone , please Happy ? Bernard , you know I 'm your friend But you lost your mojo ? You need to reconnect to the real world You can 't change what happened 10 years ago Get over it , because Marie 's not coming back Louis ? Take it from a friend Louis ? Are you listening ? Ever been married ? What ? Ever take your wife in this crate ? I 'm not married I wouldn 't if I were you You 'd be sorry if you crashed If I crash , I die You 'd be sorry I wouldn 't even get married I 'm not married I 'm not married Good for you Back to Good Morning Great Bear I 'm Simone Letendre We 've received several calls about the randy rabbits on television last night The major networks confirmed the strange phenomenon occurred only in Great Bear But who knows ? We may not have seen the tail end of them On a sadder note , the unidentified body of a woman in her 50s was found early this morning Hi , Gastonne I told you not to call me that It 's your name isn 't it ? It 's constable BeIiveau , to you Who is she ? Okay EmiIe Biron Great Bear Radio - What do you want ? - Who is she ? Who is she , constable BeIiveau ? Suzanne Ferron Wife of Mr Ferron , of the Ferron mine ? The family hasn 't been notified Keep it buried , for now Buried It 's not funny She 's been depressed for years Suicide ? What do you think ? In the stomach Right between the ovaries Knowing her offspring I 'm not Freud , but Can I ask you a few questions ? talk to my dad He 's the boss If you don 't take initiatives , he won 't ever give you responsibilities Mr BeIiveau Go ahead It was with great sorrow that I was awakened in the night to Iearn of the disappearance of an upstanding citizen You want the mayor or the chief of police ? Chief of police No comment at this time Marcoux Get him out of here Show 's over Come on Does the bullet match the weapon ? Think we had time for ballistics ? We didn 't find the bullet Damn it Why are you here , moron ? If it ain 't daddy 's little boy What are you doing here ? Taking a walk You ? I was sleeping What 's that ? Good stuff ? Leave it It 's shit Give me a lift ? I 'm late for work What are you doing here ? Taking a walk You ? selling TVs ? Pays the rent I don 't want to miss your TV debut When 's your album coming out ? - Get out - seriously - Any new tunes ? - Get out We 're almost brothers-in-Iaw In your dreams How 's your sister ? She 's hard to reach Can 't count on the phone in colombia You sleep soundly Dropping 500 feet didn 't wake you The wind is wild around here That 's how this place got its name : It used to be Great gale They changed it to Great Bear for the tourists people pay to come here ? Oh , yes Hunting , fishing , nature They come from far and wide beautiful , isn 't it ? EmiIe Biron , at your service You 're Biron ? I never miss your show I 'm a big fan I 'm beat Take me to the hotel welcome to Great Bear , Mr Lapointe What he said isn 't true , by the way The name comes from our founder , Hans Von Trieck You don 't say ? Back in the ' 20s Van Trieck was searching for gold klondike of the East He fell into a crevasse and found a vein Not gold , but firestone He was stuck , injured at the bottom A one-ton black bear left her cubs to help him out incredible , isn 't it ? You believe that ? absolutely His descendents are still here His daughter , BIanche , is like a godmother to everyone She 's more like a spiritual guide She communicates with animals She reads the future in the stars , in tree bark She even communicates with the dead She 's a medium Everyone consults her A medium That 's rare calls for a drink That 's the Von Trieck house She 's popular Does she have a group rate ? Weird You have to meet Mrs Von Trieck She 's special She 's the heart of Great Bear Never mind My journalistic viewpoint is purely rational I don 't care about backwoods superstition I 'II see what 's going on I want to go to the hotel , now ! What are you doing ? I have a job to do , too The hotel 's that way Or , you can wait five minutes Even groupies have their limits I 'm serious I have an interview to prepare I won 't be hanging around this hick town for long I don 't care about witches and local legends I know this is new to you , but you have to do what I say I forgot to mention , tomorrow 's interview is cancelled What ? The mine manager , George Ferron , put it off until when ? indefinitely Do you know who I am ? I came all the way from montreal , and your sandpit manager His wife committed suicide Off to a great start Biron , come here ! Don 't forget you work for me Just one phone call and you 're out ! Great Just great A phone BIanche was floating in mid-air Everything turned strange A snake appeared It started twisting her around suddenly She was dead She 's dead ? That was in his dream She 's not dead , but she 's weak I predicted it What 's up ? Mrs Von Trieck feels faint She sees tears And blood And snakes He sees the snakes It 's a bad omen Suzanne 's suicide is a bad omen Mrs Ferron is dead ? Who dreamed that ? BIanche The messenger is in the house Just a phone My friends I assure you , I 'm fine Just a bit tired You can go home Go on The messenger ? The messenger who 'II predict her death BIanche told me that 's how it works We each have our messenger Not everyone is clairvoyant enough to recognize their messenger Damn Where 'd he go ? Excuse me If you see Louis-Bernard Lapointe , the reporter , tell him Just tell him to go to hell Pierre If you know something you 're can 't hide it from us Is it serious ? Very I can 't say more , here and now We 'II meet tonight Same place Same time Don 't be afraid She 's dead I can see that really ? Though when you think about it , the line between life and death isn 't so cIear-cut Pardon me ? The spirit can linger after the body dies Perhaps , but Someone 's here with you now Oh , yeah ? Who ? Sorry to intrude , ma 'am I was looking for a phone You know who I am You know more about me than I know about you But that 'II soon change Have a seat No , ma 'am Sorry , I 'm in a rush I 'II send you an autographed photograph Stay , Mr Lapointe Your destiny is closely linked to mine - Me ? - Yes I 've been waiting for you Not impatiently , but rather , resignedIy You 're very kind , but I have nothing to tell you Marie BIanche
