 In the Iast episode - Avery bad cycle has begun Mom is dead The funeral for Ferron 's wife is tonight And there are a Iot of people we know in the room Yeah but it 's been at Ieast 3 months since I 've been here ! Yeah but the fight , that 's only been two days Fucking Poitras ! I 've been waiting for you Me ? Your fate is closely linked to mine - The fate of your soul , if I were you , I would rely on someone else As a journalist , I have a rational , socio-economicaI point of view It 's been a Iong time since I 've seen such a beautiful woman - Ah ! What the hell is he doing here ? No way ! - You Goddamn snake ! welcome to Great bear , Mr Lapointe My little darling The TV is back on now Lapointe ! call an ambulance ! Hurry up ! One thing 's for sure , it 's not coming from our satellite Somebody 's taken over the air waves Man , that 's Poitras ' face Jean-Guy " The Great Bear Hammer " Poitras ! And It isn 't the first time something like this happens ? - No , no , it started with - It started with the rabbits , man - Bunnies Three or four times , smack in the middle of a program ! - You had rabbits that , uh were grazing , other that were humping like - well , Iike rabbits , man Then there was the old Von Trieck woman - That 's right , but not for long - She yelled : Then after that ; nothing Just snow The next day , they found her dead , the old woman Murdered Poitras - What ? - You never know He might be the next one on the list - Yeah , it 's weird The old Von Trieck woman is on TV then bang , she dies - And we don 't know what happened to those rabbits - Poor little critters We 're going to the hotel well , we have to warn Poitras - Man , you 're insane ! He 's a champion We don 't even know him Come on And he 's really weird No friends Man , you 're insane ! Let 's go ! Yes but not too fast certainly Bye GREAT BEAR I have your money - I don 't care about the money Hey , Rick ? What 's up ? - Hi GiIbert How 's it going ? - Good - Are you going to the funeral ? A pretty little woman who had everything going for her Sad eh ? - Yes , saddens me too Rick But what would sadden me even more would be to lose a friend Eh Rick ? You 're my friend aren 't you ? You wouldn 't want to hurt my feelings ? I 'm a sensitive guy , eh ? I don 't want to lose you I don 't have it yet How much do you have on you ? I don 't know , a hundred bucks You owe me two thousand and I want them tomorrow That 's a nineteen hundred Hey ! Don 't I pay you when you win ? usually I don 't bet that much money Fucking Poitras well , that 's the odds That 's what sport is all about Isn 't that , uh Jean-Guy " what 's-is-face " ? The boxer ? - Yeah Jean-Guy Poitras - What 's he doing there ? - He 's one of gilbert 's buddies - Your husband hangs out with a brute Big surprise ! They were supposed to see each other tonight I have a bad feeling Ah ! It moved ! That 's bizarre It 's I 'II call the others - I 'II meet you at the shack I don 't know AII of a sudden , my face was there I told you to be discreet ! And before that , I had told you to wait a month before showing up in Great Bear You know I couldn 't At first I thought there was a camera in the room but look at me I don 't know - Shit 's gonna hit the fan , I know it ! - Come on , it 's not that bad - Don 't you see ? Somebody knows and wants to scare us - Of course not GiIbert - How would you explain it then ? - would it kill you to be nice for two minutes ? I did what I had to do I took a dive during the sixth like you asked me to Sit down I missed you so much ! Now 's not the time Shit you moved ! I Iove GiIbert I never told anyone Not even him But he knows I just don 't know if he Yet , when we make love I feel so good I 'd never hit again I 'd stop hitting We 've been seeing each other for almost two years and well He can 't leave his wife like that That 's why I 'II go down during the sixth round against taylor Just for him Ah fuck ! Boys ! And then We 'II have enough dough And we 'II leave , gilbert and I You are out of your mind Shit ! We 're as good as dead ! - But I never told anybody only once and there were no cameras , I swear - Who did you tell ? - What does it matter now ? Everybody knows - Fuck ! I 'm as good as dead now ! OK GiIbert , Iet 's go We 'II leave this place right now - I 'm not a fag , OK ? - Everything I said was true , gilbert Listen - We can 't stay here I 'm not a fag ! AII right ? - That 's not true because when you 're with me you are - Shut up I only did it because Liar ! Liar ! I don 't know if it 's such a good idea after all - What ? - well , what do we tell him ? hello Jean-Guy We saw your face on TV Be careful , you could die Leave it up to me Liar ! Liar ! - Jean-Guy ? Mr Poitras ? Shit ! It 's that maniac Thibodeau AII right , sit What are you doing here ? - We just wanted to warn Poitras because the old Von Trieck , the day after she was on TV , she died - We 're that stupid - We still have a chance They saw you but they didn 't hear anything - I told you I Iove you and I 'm not ashamed to say it - For God 's sake Jean-Guy , wake up ! We 'II need them What 's that ? That 's my car Ok , you were right guys Some people want to skin me and I 'II need your help Do you have a car ? Come on Ah , forget the story Biron Come on , just take your pills Find me something to drink instead That story was my chance to get out of my hole Hey , I don 't owe you anything all right ? And no later that yesterday , you loved that hole Stay here Biron ; the big leagues are not for you How would you know ? Anyway , I have nothing left to do here Look what I found No , nothing left to do And that little shithead of a lawyer ? - Armand ? - Yeah He 's suffering like a martyr Yeah , well he can drop dead for all I care - The old lady , that wasn 't enough ? Attempted murder on a magistrate Who else do you want to kill ? The old lady ; that wasn 't me And the kid , I just You missed ? Listen here , Lapointe I 'm not Iike some other people I don 't wet my shorts because you 're on TV I won 't let you go until I know As a matter of fact , it came back to me What ? What 's that ? What happened to the old woman that night We took the trail , Iike your witnesses said She started to tell me all kinds of stories About her family of witches , and cycles of nature From the start please No ! I never was Look straight ahead ! You 're a son-of-a-bitch who lied to his wife , took advantage of me , screwed everyone he knows But , thank fucking God You 're not a fag , huh ? And that 's it The rest you already know I 'm thirsty So , you came to Great Bear two days ago Just like that , you ended up at blanche Von Trieck 's place When she saw you she said : " I was waiting for you , you are a messenger sent by you don 't know who to tell me you don 't know what " After that , you went strolling outside with her , in the middle of the night , for no reason Then she told you a witch story about a thirteen chapters book and all of a sudden , a shadow attacked you You fainted and you never saw her alive again Is that it ? That 's it , Mr Mayor : you deserve nine out of ten But you forgot the paper What paper ? The piece of paper she gave me with the visions she had The one that will save her soul And mine Where is that paper ? I don 't know , I threw it out - You believe in that ? - What ? Witches , visions , all that nonsense you were talking about I 've stopped believing in anything years ago I 'II tell you , it 's not such a bad thing the old woman died people here are freaking out always looking for explanations in the clouds instead of taking their damn responsibilities They all believe in ghosts or that they too have " gifts " The whole village is losing it And I 'm a cop , not a shrink Your grandmother said I would fall in the river and die well look ! What do you mean , dead ? Don 't you see ? Yes , that 's it ! You 're right ! I 'm free from that moron who used to live right here I 'm resurrected - Christian ? What are you doing there ? I was chatting with Sarah Stop your dumb jokes ; she hasn 't said anything in two days She talked to me Sarah , did you speak ? Leave her alone Her family 's going to hell too She says she speaks to those who listen Dad you wanted to see me ? Where do you think you 're going dressed like that ? Mrs Ferron 's funeral Something 's fishy , I want to see No , no You stay here You keep an eye on " Mister " here , and you take down his written statement Not again ! Oh no but You better find me something to drink Your son asked us What 's his problem ? He asked for a few minutes so he can pay a tribute to I told you to keep it short He 's very disturbed by his mother 's departure You had the body cremated before he had time to see it Doesn 't that say " cheap " A big picture and a little vase ? It 's an urn I 'm sorry but without a body , what can I do ? Get me a bigger urn The biggest one you have Wait hello ? Just a minute You 're not coming to Mom 's funeral ? No If I go I 'II make it dad 's funeral too Are you sure you 're OK ? Better than ever Stef You should go - It 's your mother - No , it 's my father , Armand Give him a chance Your mother committed suicide I have to help with blanche 's autopsy Do you want me to wait for you here ? No But come back after OK ? Just kidding ! She won 't go I did what I couId I don 't know if she thinks you killed her but she 's convinced it 's your fault she 's dead You know her as well as I do - Go back and say something - No way - You 'II do as I tell you ! - I only go along with your scams because I don 't want to lose Stef If that 's the way it is , I 'm out - You 'II be out when I tell you so unless you 'd rather I mentioned you to your old pals in the big city , they will put you out for good OK , look : think of an excuse The whole thing looks bad enough as it is Where were you all day ? You know very well That kid will drive you crazy What good does it do to hide him ? I won 't take lessons from you on how to raise my child And I forbid you to talk about him Christian jumped in the water I know He 's going to crack , wimp that he is What if we sent him on a trip ? - Who 's going on a trip ? - You Tomorrow Come back when you can go a week without doing something stupid Don 't worry , I haven 't told them anything But I couId change my mind Idiot ! One word and you go down with us You don 't understand eh ? I 've already gone down But even the river didn 't want me So look at me I 'm here before you and I 've got nothing to lose , Dad What 's gotten into you ? It 's to the mad house you want us to take you ? How much do you want Christian ? For now , two thousand bucks , cash Get out of here or I 'II kill you ! Mr Ferron , the guests have arrived Here We 'II talk again really , really soon Want my picture ? Something 's going to happen Not one word to my father eh ? We never left the hospital No , promise Very good this little rum I brought it back from Cuba last winter Ah Cuba The sun , the bikinis communism Go ahead Stephanie Ferron AII hell 's going to break loose Thank you all for coming Before we go , Christian would Iike to play a little something It 's called " Suzanne " CouIdn 't you dress properly ? This isn 't an emergency room No , but it could become one Listen girl , if you 're not happy with the ceremony , you just had to take care of it yourself Stephanie , please I wasn 't talking to you ! Can 't you show a little respect ? Are you in love Dad ? That 's none of your business But love is beautiful There isn 't much that I wouldn 't do for my lover , how about you ? What are you insinuating ? Mom didn 't kill herself What do you want from me ? The truth The truth is that your mother was sick She died and you weren 't here That 's a cheap shot You 're the one who drove her insane and you 're the one who killed her - No Who was it then ? What difference does it make , she 's dead It makes all the difference It was an accident , that 's all I can tell you Make yourselves comfortable And don 't worry about GiIbert 's troubles I was about to divorce him anyway There are more serious matters Ah shit ! central , BeIiveau , have you located gilbert Thibodeau and Jean-Guy Poitras ? Some people seem pretty agitated over here I 'II try to calm them down but - OK , we 'II send back up Roger , 10-4 Don 't move ! Ok , stop here Don 't move I swear They setup the fight - We We 're here for that Let justice handle it Don 't panic , it will be all right You had your orders You 're you 're letting them do this ? They haven 't done anything I can 't keep them from being pissed off But did you know that Thibodeau was taking bets ? Miss ? If I told you , you have a great body would you hold it against me ? No You wouldn 't , eh ? No , but maybe we can talk for a while Come on , move ! - What 's going on ? - Come on , move ! Fuck , there was something there There was something ! You 're right , there was something And now there 's nothing Get to St-Denis ' place , his plane is still at the lake No , something 's not right If only blanche was here ! Forget what 's going on with the TV BIanche always said that after her death , her powers would be passed on to someone To little Sarah , for sure If it was so obvious , why didn 't she tell us ? Powers are passed on from generation to generation Yes , from woman to woman but not always in the same family Powers have changed Iineage before For a while , we thought it wouId be Diane , Thomas ' wife Yes But Diane died If it 's not Sarah , who is it ? That I don 't know But only one person can tell us - Who ? - Who 's that ? BIanche We should contact her spirit BIanche didn 't like it when we I don 't think we should BIanche herself only used it if she was forced to She always treated us like children Now it 's time to try out our own wings And that 's why she gave you This Sophie Do you want to see blanche one last time ? Yes This This is the answer to our questions It 's not safe I haven 't slept since I got that book BIanche gave you the book ? - Yes but - She wanted us to have it She gave us the way to find her I 'm ready to follow it St-Denis ! St-Denis ! Wake up , wake up fuck ! He 's drunk ! Give me a hand St-Denis , wake up ! help me ! I just want to lay down somewhere and sleep for a Iong time St-Denis , wake up fuck , help me ! Hey ! Did you see that ? I promised myself I 'd never go to a funeral again Things I wouldn 't do for you would you forgive me ? well , you haven 't done anything to me yet But I can tell you 're going to break my heart That , I 'm warning you , I won 't forgive you for There are so many things I 'd Iike forgiveness for Like everybody else I suppose Don 't you think the greatest thing one could do for humanity would be to free up its conscience ? - To my knowledge , the only one who tried that , they crucified , so - Everyone could start from scratch again No regrets , no grudge , no guilt - Don 't move ! Peace - Ok move now Out of the way - Do you believe in that ? No ! You stay there ! gilbert I knew you would break my heart Come on Back up with the others Fuck ! Come here you son-of-a-bitch ! - Fuck ! Damn it ! - Get out , come on ! - Get away ! - Get out of there , shit ! - Get away ! I 'm not a fag ! I 'm not a fag ! - The body seems to have been partially buried Then dragged on the ground Sir ? You lost this You 'II be needing it
