 In the Iast episode Avery bad cycle has begun Bring it in for repair if you want ; but your TV 's fine Ma 'am The problem isn 't at your place It 's in the sky You could 've been joining your mother sooner than expected My time hasn 't come You mean your mother Her time had come ? Suzanne ! - Her time I get the impression that someone played with the clock hands If that little moron hadn 't showed up I hope you 've got your stories straight Don 't worry I straightened him out Mom is dead And what about you ? I gave the investigation to Gastonne - Forget about the summons : I want a warrant for Christian Ferron I don 't think I 'II need these , right ? I 've got nothing to hide - The messenger is in the house - The messenger ? - Yes The one who announces her death He won 't be back on his feet for a few days We 'II have to do something with the little one We 'd need someone here fuII-time - Doctor Mondoux ! Looks like a concussion - It 's OK , I 'II take him I 'm the messenger I 'm the messenger Marie ! I don 't know how you do this , but I can understand how you get your clientele I 've never buzzed like this Except maybe on opium Drugs make us hide far away within ourselves They imprison us The woman who appeared to you No , listen , what happened to my wife was all over the papers You won 't impress me with that AII right , how much do I owe you ? Your wound runs deep Messengers are always that way Me ? A messenger ? You can spare me your parables ; you 'II never see me here again I don 't like people who take advantage of the less fortunate Ah , you think I 'm a charlatan How do you explain what you just experienced ? Magnetic fields ? By placing electrodes on people 's head , scientists can make anyone live through spiritual experiences You think I emit waves ? It 's possible You think I project magnetic fields But what you saw didn 't make any sense ? No , that 's not the question What makes you think I 'm the messenger ? Is he gonna make it ? Sure The guy looks tough enough But the blood That 's like Madam Von Trieck It 's something else He received a good blow , but the skin didn 't Iacerate The blood caused internal pressure He must have had a hell of a headache ? Yeah , but I thought it was the Ah you rely too much on appearances , EmiIe Yeah , that 's what he said too Seems it 's not very professional Jesus ! Louis-Bernard ! What are you doing here ? What ? A colleague is in danger and I shouldn 't worry ? - Louis-Bernard , a colleague - absolutely ! - please children I am the messenger ! GREAT BEAR Saint-Denis ! Your name is Saint-Denis ? It 's almost like Saint-Exupery ! Yeah , almost I don 't know how to swim We 're flying right now Yes but we 'II have to go down on the water That 's called a splashdown , I don 't like that We say " amerrir " It 's like landing but on the sea Shut up ! Sir , the motor has has stopped relax , man Shut up ! You have the right to be in presence of your lawyer I told him that He doesn 't want one I didn 't do anything I don 't need one You fired a gun in your father 's bar just last night We found your mother 's suicide letter Do you want to read it ? Oh , if you don 't want to read it in front of me , I understand , eh No , no , give it here " I can 't go on living Not like this Not at all I 've had it up to my Ying Yang , Iike Christian would say My son " Who wrote that ? Good question Isn 't that your mother 's handwriting ? Yeah , of course I don 't know what I was thinking - It 's just that I would have liked her to tell me while she was alive - She would never tell you ? When 's the Iast time she told you ; " Christian , I Iove you " - Am I in therapy here ? How long are you going to keep me for nothing ? The bullet came from behind , Christian You don 't commit suicide that way She was my mother ! You think I shot her in a warehouse , in the back ? You 're crazy ! Who then , Christian ? Look , they 're doing that infallible trick he used to do in school What ? What ? Marcoux thinks he can tell if a guy is Iying just by looking him in the eyes No , only if he killed someone Ah ! Good thing because for the number of times he 's been cheated on by his wife , I 'd be doubting his talent AII right , shut up - If I get this right , the night your mother died , you went out to your father 's bar , you took a gun , you fired a bullet in the TV , and you went to play cards with Mike PeIIetier Why did you need a gun , Christian ? - You know Mike - A gun to play cards ? - Yeah You know Mike And what did the TV do to you ? - I was pissed off - At your mother ? At just about everything else but my mother - Your father ? - Him , yes Big time - Why ? - Why ? ! Listen , you must have a million reasons to be furious with him but that night you were ready to put a gun in his face - That 's got nothing to do with it That doesn 't work Christian Ferron Oh ! newsflash ! Good thing you 're investigating that , eh , HercuIe Poirotte Nothing ever works for me Any more questions ? I won 't start lecturing you but if you gambled a little less No , you 're right ; don 't start - Just a minute Look at me and answer clearly Did you kill your mother ? No Who do you think killed her ? What ? How many are there ? At least nineteen , maybe twenty - That 's precise - What 's the difference , ten or twenty , eh ? And try counting them with this Hey , we 're surrounded We 're out of supplies How long are they going to stay there ? - I have to go for a piss - We should create a diversion and leave from the back - You could help us ! - Leave him alone , can 't you see he 's not doing so good What ? His little Stephanie didn 't come to see him ? well , she 's not up to it Her mother is dead and her brother is in jail - So ? The more reason to see her boyfriend if the other two aren 't around You 're such a freaking idiot I think they stopped knocking - Do you think they 're gone ? - How should I know ? Maybe they 're just faking - Stephanie - Get down ! - You 're on your own - Go back home The boss is in the hospital and the technicians from the satellite company are on their way There 's nothing more we can do - You 're so beautiful ! hold me tight Armand Don 't touch the material No , Mrs Thibodeau , no , no , no ! - What do you want ? I 've had it up to here right now - I 've had it up to there too - Christian spent the night at the station If he goes down , we 're going down with him She 's there ? You said your daughter wouldn 't be a problem It 's not Iike she 's found anything - Christian is a wimp You know him as well as I do ; if she keeps grilling him - She wants to see Georges now - What ? well you 've got your alibi Hey , I 've got better things to do TV 's out , the old Von Trieck woman has been murdered The elections are coming up and I 'm starting to lose control - It 's in your best interest that I get re-eIected Don 't forget that - Make sure your daughter is busy elsewhere That 's all we 're asking of you - It was about time you got here - What ? - people are freaking out They 've trashed the TV shop - Why 's that ? - Around here , TV is all they 've got They need it or else they go crackpot - Opium of the people Officer , I want to file a complaint against this brute - First , Son , it 's " Mister Mayor " to you Second , what happened in the air is outside of my jurisdiction And third , you better work fast because you 're flimsy Super satellites antennas , I 've got a whole enraged crowd who 's going to shove them down your throat so hard , you 're going to miss Poitras In the mean time , we 'II escort you Stop it Poitras Stop , you 're going to hurt yourself Yeah , you 're right ; it 's a little too big I don 't know what 's been going on these last few days , as soon as I get close to Great Bear , everything stops then starts right up again I found that in life , the best way to stop something from causing me trouble is to hit it Makes you laugh eh ? Oh ! It doesn 't work for everybody , but for me , anybody or anything under 300 pounds , it works every time Above 300 pounds , it depends Here I 'm not looking for trouble but taylor , he didn 't weigh 300 pounds , and Try it again , Iet me know what happens - Look at me and answer me clearly Did you kill your mother ? - No - Who do you think killed her ? - I think she did She wanted to die - I don 't know - What do you mean ? I saw you do it You 're never wrong Look , listen - Did you kill your mother ? - No - Who do you think killed her ? - I think she did She wanted to die That 's weird He believes what he 's saying but I 'm not sure it 's the truth Do you understand ? I understand that you have doubts , Marcoux It 's can 't work if you have doubts It it wasn 't him who pulled the trigger That I 'm sure of But he 's hiding something Everybody 's hiding something , that 's the problem Speaking of that , some people are talking about my wife that she 's cheating on me Come on ! If we listened to rumors , all the women in Great Bear would have lovers well , except me There aren 't even rumors about me - Oh no , there are some , only - What ? You think I prefer women too ? No , no , no So there See ? They 'II say anything They cast their fish line and you bite every time But if you were , it wouldn 't bother me That 's it That 's all I can remember She also told me that I was the messenger But what kind of message did you deliver to her I don 't know I didn 't get here with a telegram from beyond for Mrs Von Trieck No , no It 's more like , euh like my arrival announced that she was going to get killed You know , she told me a ton of other stuff like that but I can 't remember it - You must have an extraordinary aura eh ? - Can we come back down to earth for two minutes ? Mrs Von Trieck was full of mud and dead leaves when they found her What happened after she told you all that ? - Very good question Biron - I don 't know what happened next From that point on : total black out - Witnesses saw you leave the house with the old lady and start off on a trail in the woods Doesn 't ring a bell ? - AtraiI ? - Yeah ? No Come on , we 're bringing him in Hey , come on now Mr Lapointe , we have some questions for you regarding the murder of blanche Von Trieck - You 've got to be kidding ! - Doctor ? - I can 't keep you here Avoid cardio-vascuIar stress I recommend a maximum of rest - Yeah , right , this is relaxing I want my lawyer well , but when are we going to work on our story ? - You can 't do this - That 's unbelievable Some people lead exceptional lives eh ? always in the heart of the action - You changed - Six months is a Iong time - Too long Don 't leave again - It 's war over there Armand Someone has to care for them I saw some children They don 't have anything anymore - But me without you - You didn 't do anything stupid , did you ? - No , but I came this close to sticking up a bank and taking hostages to demand that you come back I think it 's Great Bear that doesn 't agree with me anymore When it 's over , we 'II leave together - When what 's over ? Poor Mom What happened ? I don 't know You know Stef , your mother wasn 't really that stable No , no She knew I was coming back soon She knew that She wouldn 't have done this - It 's not your fault - My fault ? ! My own fault ? I don 't know , you could have thought No My own fault , I haven 't committed yet , my love But it won 't be long now , I can promise you that And it 's gonna hurt , you can be sure of that too Ah , my Amazon ! I take it back ; you haven 't changed a bit Duty calls I better get going too Don 't do anything stupid , not without me You 're the one who found blanche , right ? Yeah tell me Later It 's over right ? Without her , Great Bear will never be the same Yeah But maybe not for the worse What do you mean ? I Iove you Love you too Hey ! Hey ! calm down sir ! Sorry , the machine 's acting up Do you have a reservation ? No I told you : it keeps crashing Hey ! Aren 't you that that boxer ? Yeah Wow , you really did take a hell of a beating eh ? Try it now Hey , it 's working Yeah , I know What 's your name ? Jean-Guy Can I see your fists ? Yeah Here Minus fifty bucks Yes , yes , yes ! Ten , twenty Hey ! hello beautiful ! Come on , get upstairs Hey , Jean-Guy Poitras is coming to town He 's coming over for dinner " Bon appetit " - What ? - I won 't be here I have to go to the hairdresser before it closes , I have a meeting at the club tonight Your wannabe witches club again There are as many men as women Oh yeah ? Is that 's why you go to the hairdresser 's before each meeting ? - Might just be - Hey , watch it ! Mrs Von Trieck died , last night during our meeting Pierre Lamy predicted it call a babysitter and go out to a restaurant with Poitras for dinner Look , we can 't be seen together people Anyway , not one word about this Why ? Ask your bunch of mediums if you want to know Even skeptics aren 't protected from our influence you know Be careful of what you say No You , you be careful What 's wrong with you ? You 're acting funny It 's because of blanche eh ? Come here Stop it ! Stop Sophie , you 're crazy ! Yes , crazy about you This has gone too far , Sophie I 'm scared Come on , gilbert doesn 't know If he knew anything , you would have been six feet under a Iong time ago - We haven 't done anything - tell me about it ! That 's not what I 'm talking about I have to tell you , I have to show you something but promise me that you won 't say anything to anybody I swear Show me Pierre ! BIanche 's book ! What are you doing with this ? You 're so brave , with what you went through in columbia , your mother 's death , the funeral tonight I 'd rather think of other people 's misery What really happened at the Von Trieck 's ? When Armand got there , Thomas was in epileptic shock BIanche was already dead Sarah hasn 't said a word since Sarah ? Honey So you won 't talk anymore ? Not even to me ? OK We 'II chat later But you 'II have to eat though We 'II play after OK ? Go on But blanche it was a murder ? Without a doubt You knew her better than anyone Who would have enough of a grudge against her to do this ? I can 't imagine Maybe we 'II learn a bit more with the autopsy Yesterday , he couldn 't move Today he 's a little better Thomas Thomas , it 's Stephanie I 'II take care of you and Sarah OK ? Did he say something ? He said " ding ding " - You 're taking me home but I know what you 're thinking - For now , our job isn 't to think , it 's to gather facts Facts As if facts count for anything What else would you have us base ourselves on ? - I don 't know Ask Marcoux Marcoux and his gang of clairvoyants BIanche Von Trieck , did she base herself on facts ? You never liked blanche did you ? You think I killed her too ? well yes ! Let me introduce myself , Christian Ferron , serial killer There you go , you have my confession Take me back to the station before I re-offend - Shut up Stop at the bridge No way Gastonne , you know what blanche said about him She said that he would fall in the water and die That 's why he hates her so much Superstitions Stop the car - Your mother liked coming here , eh ? - Yes I saw her often She would sit on the big rock and look at the water You must have gone with her sometimes ? Of course We 'd take a picnic with us that we would have prepared We 'd talk about stuff we didn 't talk about at home She 'd tell me stories of when she was my age I liked imagining her little She knew everything about plants and animals That was her passion She 'd ask me what my passion would be And every time , I 'd say it wouId be the dams So she 'd take me to see the beaver dam a bit lower or the hydro dam a little higher I 'd look at her Eyes full of wonder You did that often ? Not one damn time We have a call ! - Shit ! I told you so ! - He didn 't fall , he jumped ! - I 'II go down call an ambulance will you let the cat out of the bag ? I 've got better things to do I have the whole town on my back because the TV won 't work And now , the old lady dies , that 's the Iast draw If you 're looking for somebody to take it out on , find someone else Then you 'd have to explain to me what you were doing the night of the second , between 10 PM and 1 AM Hey , look I don 't remember anything That 's convenient I want my lawyer Your lawyer won 't come here You 'II get the one we assign to you Is counselor LafIamme here yet ? OK , I 'II go get him - What ? - You could have dressed up Some lawyer you make ! - well , you paged me 9-1-1 I came as soon as I couId - Yeah well that won 't be an easy client : a star - Oh yeah ? Who is it ? - Look Ah ! No way ! What the hell is he doing here ? No way ! - So he 's on TV , that 's not the end of the world - Oh boy ! Oh no no no I was young Maybe he won 't recognize me - You know him ? - Uh , no , uh , yes well , I mean , not personally I I I was the one who defended his wife 's killer And I got him acquitted - You ? You got the guy who killed his wife acquitted ? - Yeah - No , no , no - please ! It was in montreal It 's been a Iong time I was just out of school He won 't remember me - No , I 've got enough trouble with him as it is Listen The guy who killed his wife , because he was guilty that son-of-a-bitch , I got him off on a technicality It was just rotten Now , if I defend him , I have a chance to redeem myself , at Ieast a little please , I did you favors so many times - OK You have five minutes alone with him After that , if he won 't cooperate : out hello Mr Lapointe counselor LafIamme , at your service - What are you doing here ? - I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry ! - DIE ! This book is the history and secrets of my family for twelve generations There is another one with the history of the thirteen preceding ones , one chapter per generation The more ancient books were burned With my ancestors You come from a family of witches ? What I call my family is the great sisterhood of witches Power is passed on from generation to generation From one woman to another But not always through bIoodIine Time is running out follow me I am not infallible But the cycles of Iife are Day replaces night , spring replaces winter , the son replaces his father , peace replaces war and life replaces death - You came up with that on your own ? - Do not close up your mind The great cycles of time and life are immutable and eternal I have learned this the hard way I will die tonight for wanting to stop the infernal cycle that makes Good change to evil - And that 's the message I brought you ? That you will die tonight ? My body will depart this life But my soul will live again and I now see that its fate is in your hands Here This is all I was able to see I don 't know the meaning of these sentences but I know they will help you , one by one , to save my soul No , listen ma 'am Listen You are charming , this is a lovely stroll , but as for the fate of your soul , if I were you , I would rely on someone else , OK ? It 's too late , our fates are tied By saving my soul , you will liberate yours No , no , listen , listen ! I 'II bring you back home ; you 'II wake up tomorrow morning , alive and well You may not be any less of a nut but It 's almost time I must guide you to a place Before the end please , believe me When the time comes , you will have to come back here and You Of course How did I not know Lapointe ! call an ambulance Hurry up ! - blanche said he would fall in the water but - Yes but she only wanted to help him , to warn him , but he saw this as a threat Like if she had jinxed him - Yeah There are people that won 't let themselves be loved Not one fracture In fact , not a single scratch His head ? Did you examine his head ? I did all the tests , everything is normal You call that normal ? The satellite works The antennas work We 're not responsible Hey hey hey Not responsible ? What about us , you think we 're responsible ? I 'm sorry I 'm sorry Hey , wait a minute , cowboy ! You 're not going anywhere until you fix the TV 's OK ? Hey ! Not normal , not responsible , sorry Hey , hey , hey ! Yeah , I sort of saw something too , but Yesterday , I I had a vision Everyone in the group has had visions Pierre You 've had some before as well You have no idea what a vision is You have no idea Hey , just because you had a strike of luck predicting BIanche 's death doesn 't mean you should be all high and mighty You 're right BIanche might have been a strike of luck but since I 've had this book , I don 't sleep I have nightmares Yesterday , in broad daylight , I was shaving Doctor Mondoux Visions like that , I don 't want to have any more Doctor Mondoux It was more real than real It wasn 't a dream Listen , if the book is doing this to you I can keep it for you hello ? The TV ? OK , thank you - Ah fuck , give me that ! - No ! - hello ? - Yeah , Hi ! - Hi , where are you ? - Don 't freak out , I 'm at the hotel 's bar - OK , I 'II be right there No , no , no ! Don 't freak out I said The funeral for Ferron 's wife is tonight And there are a Iot of people we know in the room We have to let the dust settle Ah yeah but it 's been at Ieast three months since I 've been here ! Yeah but the fight , that 's only been two days OK Don 't move I 'II wait a haIf-hour for the people to leave for the funeral , then I 'II go see you , OK ? I have your money - I don 't care about the money See my little darling The TV is back on now Mommy told you so , right ? It 's back Look !
