 30 % Iron Chef Welcome back . Our next guest has taught the World to cook for over 20 years . But apparently my Wife hasn 't been listening . - Funny . - I Will destroy her ! And now , extend a formulaic greeting to master chef Elzar . [ CROWD CHEERING ] So , What Will you be cooking for Morbo to devour With his mighty jaws ? I 'm gonna Whip you up a nice , unnameable horror from beyond With mango chutney . Pathetic humans , prepare to Write down the recipe ! [ HUMS ] What 's with the pots and pans ? Building a wife ? Part of one . Meantime , I 'm cooking up a tasty Sunday brunch for my friends . [ WHIRRING ] [ HUMS ] Brunch . Right . I 'd better warn- - Tell- - Warn-tell the others . Okey-dokey . [ HUMS ] Nice . Yes . It 's a perfect scale model of the universe 's largest bottle . I put a tiny spaceship inside to keep it from being boring . - Oh ! - Get ! For the last time , Zoidberg look with your eyes , not your claws ! Brace yourselves . Bender is making us brunch . DR. ZOIDBERG : Oh , boy ! - Oh , God , my tract ! He 's proud of his cooking . If we don 't eat , he 'll be crushed . Don 't panic . If we can get to the ship , we 'll fly north and hide under the polar icecaps . FARNSWORTH : Good idea ! DR. ZOIDBERG : What 's the holdup ? Fleeing somewhere ? With you blocking the only escape route ? Don 't be silly . In that case , brunch is served . Let 's go , move it out ! Stop crying , Leela . [ LEELA SOBS ] - Zoidberg , are you coming ? - Sure . Me . - I don 't want you touching that thing ! - I know that . Surrender your mysteries to Zoidberg . [ SLURPS ] [ SCREAMS ] Oh , no , professor will hit me ! But if Zoidberg fixes it , then perhaps gifts . [ SCREAMS ] Oh ! Ow . What ? I 've personalized each of your meals . For example , Amy , you 're cute , so I baked you a pony . [ GROUP GASPING ] Come on , eat ! I slaved all day over a filthy stove . [ HUMS ] This is terrible ! Good thing I secretly installed this wormhole in the table . - Where does the other end come out ? - You know , I 'm not quite sure . Dear me . [ HUMS ] [ BELL RINGS ] The pie is ready . You guys like swarms of things , right ? Casual hello . It 's me , Zoidberg . Act naturally . Ouch ! Ouch ! Oh ! Ah ! Oh ! Get off of me ! Stop ! How interesting , Dr. Zoidberg . Do go on . [ HUMS ] Check out the palm tree . It gets sick when I cook brunch . How 's that for coincidence , professor , with all your precious science ? [ HUMS ] I don 't want to hurt his feelings , but this tastes better as vomit . It 's unbearable . What would it cost to get my tongue removed ? [ SOBS ] And this time I mean it ! [ SOBS ] [ RATS SCREECHING ] Who am I kidding ? It was stupid of me to dream of becoming a chef . I don 't have what it takes , and nothing can change that . [ CRIES ] Then it 's settled . Elzar will teach me to cook ! Absolutely not . - But I watch your show . You owe me . - I owe you nothing ! One , your antenna 's in my crotch . Also , I hate you . And finally , you can 't cook for squat . [ SOBS ] - What was the first one ? - I hate you . - I thought that was number two . - I knocked it up a notch . Bam ! I 'll never recombobulate this ship . When the professor finds out , he 'll tear me a new cloaca ! [ SOBS ] Wait . What would the robot do ? Frame someone . [ DOOR OPENS ] What up ? [ CHUCKLES SINISTERL Y ] FRY SINGS : I 'm Walking on sunshine [ SLURPS ] It 's over . My dream of being a chef is deader than the cat I 'm sitting on . Gus , let 's give a friendly welcome to this new robo . - What did you call me ? - A " robo " . You know , a robot hobo . - Okay . I thought you said " romo . " - No offense intended , my filthy friend . In fact , why not join us and ride the space rails ? Get ready . We 's gonna jump off at that switching prism . We 're going nearly the speed of light , so roll when you land . Ow ! Welcome to Bumbase Alpha , biggest hobo jungle in the quadrant . I 've seen bigger . Wait , I 'm thinking of Eugene , Oregon . [ BUM AND GUS SNIFFING ] Wait , a pie with hobo-lifting aroma ? Who baked it ? Helmut Spargle . He used to be the greatest chef . His restaurant was so high-toned , to get reservations you had to create a parallel universe , where you had reservations ! I once ate there , back when I was a senator . Yo , Spargle , if you 're such a great cook , how 'd you end up in this dump ? Ages ago , I was the host of a TV show : Down-Home Country Kitchen with Helmut Spargle . One day , the Extreme Soda Company that sponsored the show ... - ... decided it Was too old-fashioned . - Spargle , you 're fired . We need a chef who attracts a younger , more extreme cooking-show viewer . - Elzar ! - Get lost , old man . - Bam ! - Mein soufflì ! Elzar had been seduced by the dark side of cooking . Cilantro , mango salsa , raspberry vinaigrette . That twizzler . As for me , I went temporarily insane and wound up here making pies out of shoes . My story 's like yours , only interesting . It involves robots . That jerk , Elzar , ruined my dream of being a chef too . Interesting . You wish to cook , but as a robot , you have no sense of taste . It 's so unfair . I have eight other senses but I 'd trade them all , even smision , to be able to taste ! Without the distraction of taste your mind is free to touch the Zen of pure flavor . - You could be the greatest chef ! - I could ? Just as Beethoven was a great composer because he was deaf ! Or how Rembrandt was blind and had wooden hands ! Bender , hear me well . I shall train you . First , forget everything you know of cooking . Done . [ BENDER GRUNTS ] Wow . That 's right , Ricardo . A ship in a bottle . What 's that ? Well , hang on , I 'll look . [ GASPS ] [ RICARDO SPEAKS IN SPANISH ] I 've gathered you in the accusing parlor because one of you is a miniature-ship wrecker . I 'm acting astonished . Certain clues suggest the culprit is none other than our own Philip J. Fry . - What ? - lt was a brilliant scheme but you made one fatal mistake : leaving this confession note ! - Scoundrel . - I don 't remember any of that but I can 't defend myself . I have no choice but to charge you the full cost of the materials . $ 10.00 . [ GASPS ] There you go . What have I done ? [ BENDER HUMS ] Your training is complete , little dessert spoon . Just as he who wishes to be world chess champion must win at least one game of chess , so must you serve at least one edible meal . Succeed and I shall reveal to you the age-old secret of perfect flavor . [ HOBOS GASPING ] - Slop 's on . - Fine-looking eats . [ GULPS ] - lt is acceptable . HOBOS : All right ! Another thing I 'm great at ! Wait , why 'd you stop eating , master ? Because my stomach is about to explode . [ HOBOS GASPING ] - What ? My dinner killed you ? Man ! - lt hurts . Stay confident . The important thing is , you defeat Elzar after I am gone . And using this , you cannot fail . A diamond vial of Mrs. Dash ? No , it is the essence of pure flavor . A few drops will cause the inner perfection of any dish to blossom forth . Oh ! There goes my life ! [ GROANS ] I 'll avenge you , master ! I swear , in the presence of these drunken bums that I shall defeat Elzar ! I 'm not drunk . I 'm mentally ill . But I likes what , what you said . Elzar , I 'm a walking pile of your unfinished business ! - Why , you- - - Helmut Spargle has a message for you ! He says , " I 'm dead . " Spargle ? What 'd he do , bland himself to death ? No , he was eating some food I made and by coincidence , his stomach exploded . Now I 'm here to avenge him ! - Seems you 're the one who killed him . - Maybe so , but you 're his sworn enemy ! I challenge you to a battle of the chefs ! PATRON : Scandalous ! We 'll meet on the ancient televised battleground of Kitchen Coliseum . Whosever meal is best will claim the title of Iron Cook . Iron Cook ? I can 't lose . I 'm 30 % % % iron . You 're going down ! Also , I had a reservation for one , under Dr. Bender . ANNOUNCER : Welcome the superintendent of Kitchen Coliseum , Chairman Koji ! No robot chef has competed here . But today , one has barged his Way in to challenge for the title of : Iron Cook ! [ CROWD CHEERING ] FRY : Yeah , you show him ! Meet our celebrity judges . - Globetrotter Ethan " Bubblegum " Tate . - KonnichiWa , brother . ANNOUNCER : TV anchor-monster Morbo . - Greetings , pathetic host . ANNOUNCER : A woman who ended a galactic war with apple dandies ... - ... Martha Stewart 's head . - The secret is fresh pork . ANNOUNCER : Koji Will present the theme ingredient to be used in every dish . If it 's chicken , chicken á la king . Fish , fish á la king . Turkey , fish á la king . Soylent Green ! ANNOUNCER : A classic ingredient of gourmet cooking . And the battle is on . - What 's Elzar making ? - Well , Hiroki-san , when I asked him he asked what it was to me and conjectured my mother was a prostitute . In the countryside , prostitutes decorate rooms with festive gourds . FEMALE SPEAKER : Thirty minutes to go . [ GRUNTS ] ANNOUNCER : Look at him roll dough ! I 've never seen such powerful strokes of the ass . - You 've never seen mine . - No , I haven 't . FEMALE SPEAKER : Fifteen minutes remaining . ANNOUNCER : He 's bringing in his signature creation a Working pastry replica of downtown Venice . [ CRY FISH SINGS VERDI 'S " LA DONNA E MOBILE " ] Commemorative turkey basters . Get your commemorative basters . Yo , hook me up . My turkey is dry , and I 've tried everything . Right . Never mind . The guilt . The unbearable guilt ! FEMALE SPEAKER : Fifteen seconds . Bam ! [ WEASEL SQUEALS ] FEMALE SPEAKER : Ten seconds . [ GRUMBLES ] Master Spargle , if you can hear me up in that ditch , where I left you this is for you . [ GONG SOUNDS ] Time up ! ANNOUNCER : He 's gone all out for the judges . He 's even garnished the salad With $ 100 bills . Let 's see What they think . Mmm ... . Soylent Green is my kind of people . Scrumptious . Morbo will store this in his sack for future digestion . I 'm swimming in my Soylent waste . It 's a good thing . [ GONG SOUNDS ] ANNOUNCER : Next up , Bender , a student of legendary Helmut Spargle Bender is some sort of Wonderful mechanical man . MARTHA : Ooo ... . Delicious . This food looks kind of funky , but it tastes kind of funk-ay ! The challenger 's ugly food shows even hideous things can be sweet on the inside . [ SOBS ] ANNOUNCER : Now judgment . The winner will be the new Iron Cook . The loser is doomed to scrub . Whose confection achieves perfection ? Whose foodstuff will be the good stuff ? Challenger Bender ! [ CROWD CHEERING ] That 's my robot ! I own him ! - You honor me , Chairman Koji . - Domo arigato , Mr. Roboto . Chairman-san , I came here with one goal : To humiliate Elzar in a large stadium . I believe I 've done that . No question . But the true Zen of flavor is not found in a coliseum . It is found in a small kitchen with friends . So I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept only the lesser title of Zinc Saucier , which I just made up . Also , it comes with double prize money . [ CROWD CHEERING ] Wait . Everyone must know . I broke the professor 's bottled ship ! [ CROWD GASPING ] And what is worse , I framed my dearest friend , Fry ! I can never repay him his $ 10 , so I must take the only honorable path what with the killing myself . [ CROWD GASPING ] Here I go already ! - Huh ? - Oh ! That sword cost $ 5000 ! Fry did it . [ CACKLES ] And that 's how I defeated Elzar , thanks to Spargle 's magic liquid . Yes , we were there , and we just watched it again on TV . Let me see that vial , Bender . Good Lord ! According to the spectrolizer Spargle 's magic ingredient was water ! Ordinary water . HERMES : No ! So the real gift Spargle gave you was the confidence to be your best . Yes , ordinary water , laced with nothing more than a few spoonfuls of LSD . The important thing is , by my standards , I won fair and square . Now , who wants brunch cooked with plenty of " confidence " ? LEELA : I 'm in ! HERMES : I do ! Subtitles by SDI Media Group [ ENGLISH SDH ]
