 - Who are you talking about ? - He 's in a coma , David ! - Who ? - Justin , Ricci . You , you signed that boy 's death sentence . His chances of recovering from blast crisis is zero , David . Do you refuse the chance , no matter how small , how remote , to save a child 's life ? Say nothing , nothing happens . These people , Carlos , they 're HIV-positive and they never get AIDS . You can save me . How are you going to smuggle the stem cells into the States ? You 're going to hide them in a tub of butter brickle ice cream ? We send them the way we send all NorBAC samples . What the fuck is going on here Carlos ? Lloyd was my first lover . Mick , maybe this wasn 't a great idea . I- - It is . It is ! It 's an amazing idea . It this whole whale-watching thing just some ploy to get me in a motel room with you ? Yeah , that 's why I caused the blackout too . You don 't understand , this is a government operated lab I 'm in now . And the paperwork . Thank you Robert . Thank you Miss Richmond . Look , I think I see a whale ! Seriously ! Look , look ! Mick , do you see it ? Mick ? Mick ? Mick ? Mick ? 1x08 - Blackout Solar storms , Bob ? Sure , on account of the weather , the ... in space I mean , the electrical activity brought on by solar storms . It 's attracted to our power grids , so ... And how is it going to cause an explosion in underground cables , resulting in a blackout ? Well ... I 'm not ... Can I help you gentlemen ? I don 't know , what you got in mind ? Gideon Voss , Homeland Security . Okay , Voss is here , over . - We 're with NorBAC . - Can I see your I.D. ? - In the car . - Where 's your car ? In Toronto . Where 's Toronto ? I can confirm that this is Chief Scientist David Sandstrom , from the North American Biotechnology Advisory Committee . So what are you digging around here for ? The explosion was by the river . Yeah . What would we do without you ! Figured you boys didn 't know your ass from a hole in the ground . This way . Watch your step . They 're still finding pieces of that security guard . CIA thinks it 's terrorism . No , really ? Thought you 'd said there was no evidence of an explosive device . FBI says it 's an industrial accident at a substation and ATF says it 's a natural occurrence . - Guess you 're the tiebreaker . - Oh , that 's why we 're here ! You do this by telepathy ? - What you got there , Bob ? - Burnt wire , I guess . Genius , boy ! Actually , Bob , you are a genius , aren 't you ? - What 's your I.Q. again ? - 162 . Wow ! What about you Gid ? You boys deal with issues of great importance , don 't you ? Like finding the blood of Christ on a 2000-year-old nail ? Tell you what Gid , you don 't mention the nail , I won 't mention Waco . First of all , that was ATF . Secondly , it 's Inspector Voss . Whatever ! You want to keep taking shots or do you want to answer a few questions . You said 3 labs were here , did anyone find anything ? Nothing . What about explosive residue ? No . CIA thinks the terrorists used solid nitrogen , rocket fuel , N5 + N5 - , leaves no residue . - Everything leaves some residue . - What about the folks who run the plant ? Not a clue . No gas leak , no short circuits . - How old is the cable ? - Brand spanking . So there 's no chance the wire could be degraded , sparking explosion . I hope you 're going to think of a better one than that . Have they been doing any digging around here ? A couple weeks ago , about 50 yards in that direction . Electric crew was doing some repairs on a secondary line . All right Bob , we 're going to need soil samples ... from everywhere . We have to find something everyone else missed . Shouldn 't be too hard . Yeah ? Oh , hey Lil ' ! How the great whale hunt going ? You see any huntybacks yet ? Lilith ? Dad ... Lilith , what 's wrong ? Dad ... he died . Where are you ? I 'll be right there . / * The past is never past * / / * Just razor dew in a glass * / / * Of hours and sand in the old man 's hand * / / * The past is never past * / / * Take me over * / / * Take me over and again * / / * Take me over * / / * Take me over and again * / " Millions remain without power from Northern Ontario to Virginia . " Lily , you look a little tired , you sure you don 't want me to get you a glass of milk ? Hey , I thought we 'd order in tonight . You know that little Korean place you like ? " Lines are lighting up as we take your calls . " We want your stories , anecdotes- - " Yeah , it 's the same on every station . Jeez . I got to lie down . I 'm not really that inconvenienced . Ugh , I 've no alarm clock , no hair dryer , no microwave . Couldn 't recharge my cell phone . Those aren 't really inconveniences , Mayko . Oh no ? Well , what is an inconvenience , Bob ? Well , I suppose if you were in an iron lung or needed electro-defibrillation . You know who 's really happy about this blackout ? Who ? That guy on death row who was supposed to get the chair this morning . That 's not funny . Oh-oh , blackout , remember ? So , underground wires seemingly spontaneously combust . The paranoid amongst us assume that it 's terrorism . My guess is they haven 't got a clue and have asked us to figure out the what , the how , the why that it all happened . Why do they think it 's terrorism ? I don 't know , because that 's what you do these days . But , didn 't you say there 's no explosive residue ? Bob . Modern Science had a piece on the Belgian military trying to use bacteria to eat TNT and other explosives . Maybe we should be looking for bacteria . Okay , Bob 's got the assignments , he 'll delegate . Anything else ? Yes , a Miranda virus update : the Garcinia kola works on Ebola but has no effect on Camelpox Ebola chimera . - Why not ? - I don 't know . If it didn 't seem like I was making a bad joke , I would say that we 're in the dark here . - What are you using as a host ? - Mice . See , you 'd need something like a camel . How about a yak ? - Yak 's not a camel . - Well , he said like a camel . - It 's not like a camel either . - Problem is , there 's nothing like a camel . - Except a vicuna . - A wh-who-na ? A vicuna . It 's like a guanaco , only smaller and it chews its cud . - Oh . - I think . Let 's get to work . Hey , how 's your friend doing ? Good . He seems to be responding to treatment . Thanks for asking . I just got a call . CIA got intercepts of a plan to create a blackout and use the chaos to move terrorists from Canada to the U.S. Right , blame Canada ! They 'd like a preliminary answer by tomorrow . We get a day and a half , when the combined forces of Homeland Security , ATF , FBI and CIA are still scratching their dopey little heads . That 's why you get the big bucks . - Jill ? - Hmm ? Would you mind ? What 's up ? Oh , hello little bacteria . Okay , so we 've got filamentous objects , bacteria . Every wire 's crawling with them . So is every inch of our body , Bob . - Maybe one is a dynamite-eating one . - Maybe . There 's breeding underground , but there 's no oxygen , so there 's a good chance they 're anaerobic . Yeah , but not all underground bacteria are anaerobic . We 'll probably have to grow some with air and some without , to be sure . And then we 'll have to test every known explosive and try and figure out what kind they eat . Except , if the soil is anaerobic , then , where 's the oxygen that fuels the explosion ? Oh , Bob ? Didn 't Voss say there was some digging near where the explosion occurred ? Who ? Oh ! Yeah , he did . There 's your oxygen source . Kaboom ! Boom ! Fuck ! Litith ! Lilith ? You wake up , come on , wake up ! How many did you take ? Pills ! How many pills did you take ? One . Don 't bullshit me ! How many ? Maybe two . The bottle was half-full , Lilith ! Dad , I only took two . - Don 't fucking lie to me ! - I 'm not lying ! The bottle spilled . Spilled ? It spilled when I took the bottle . I shouldn 't be took the pills . I 'm so tired . Pills . So tired and I wanted to sleep . Okay , okay . And I fell asleep because I keep seeing these fucking ... Come here . Come here . Come here ... Hey , Sarah , it 's me . She 's fine , sort of . Hmm , a friend of hers died and she 's ... No , no , no , no , natural causes . But ... You can 't , she 's sleeping right now . And I ... Would you just calm down for one ... second please and let me finish ? Thank you . I ... I 'm no good at this . I can 't ... I don 't ... She really needs you out here right now , okay ? And I could really use your help . Thank you . - Hey . - Hey . You wanted to see me ? Yeah , yeah , come in . Close the door , would you ? I need you to do something for me . Okay . I need you to ... I need you to ... A few mornings ago , in the shower , I felt ... My appointment with my doctor was cancelled . The blackout . And I was thinking , you 're a doctor . - Caroline , if you felt something- - - Maybe something ! - Whatever ! You need to have a mammogram . - Maybe it 's nothing . Can 't you just- - No , you still need a mammogram . My mother had breast cancer at 41 . And at 41 , she died . I 'm sorry to hear that . Anything ? 60 plates and they haven 't eaten a thing . I 'm growing the boys on every known anaerobic medium , given them a buffet of every explosive known to man . Boys ? The Bacteria Street Boys . That 's cute , Bob . I can 't get them to eat any of the explosive residue . Listen , I 'm going to pack it in for tonight . Sorry . Too much caffeine . No , no , I 'm sorry . Get some sleep . Sarah , no , don 't put me on ... Yeah ? - Should I come back ? - Yes . No , what is it ? Come in . I 'm on hold with my ex . I need an update on the blackout investigation . - I 'm working on it . - If it is terrorism ... - Don 't jump to conclusions . - Then give me something . Yeah , hello , hi ! Yes ... no . Sure , call me back . I 'll just sit here all day , waiting . If the Americans want to blame the blackout on a bunch of faceless Arabs , they can do it without my complicity . Oh , who 's jumping to conclusions now ? So you 're assuming faceless terrorists - had nothing to do with it ? - No . A tape aired on Al-Jazeera this morning . Al Gamahad is taking credit for the blackout and threatening more across the continent . Well , taking credit and deserving it are two different things . You work in enough offices , you find that out . Good morning . Good morning , Bob . Any luck ? With ? The Bacteria Street Boys . Oh ! No , nothing . The landfill , which is unmarked , is located 2 miles upstream . - Beneath the subdivision ? - Correct . Ah , life in the ' burbs ! So your theory could be right , then ? Combined with the oxygen source ? So maybe the bacteria are eating pollution , not explosives and produce , say , methane , which gets blown up . None of this explains why we can 't grow it . No , but this might . Bob , do you remember a smell like rotten eggs when we were in Buffalo ? Bob ? Huh ? Eggs ? No , I brought gravlax . - What ? - For lunch . Good , Bob ! Thanks for paying attention . Says here a worker at the plant , responding to the explosion noted a smell like " rotten eggs " , so . We could be dealing with a bacterium here , that is sucking in hydrogen sulphate and farting out sulphide . Which would explode . Now , all we have to do is figure out what the hell that bacterium is . - Question : How do we find out ? - Answer : Fluorescent DNA probes . - Which are ? - Smart bombs . We tell them what to hunt for , they not only find them , they light them up . And we program these probes to look for what , Bob ? - Sulphate reducers . - Good Bob , you are paying attention . Let 's do it ! David . The Times wants an interview . - London ? - Nope . Fuck ! - Hello ? - Hey , did you eat yet ? I 'm not hungry . Did you hear that ? It set off the David Sandstrom lie detector . Dad , don 't do Carney . Come on , truth is I 'm desperate to have lunch with you . Why ? Because I 'm feeling spontaneous and if I don 't act on my whims now , when will I ? Is this David Sandstrom , my father ? You know , that guy who never leaves his lab unless it 's for a drink ? Okay , that 's ... that 's way beyond your years . Come on , Lil ! Have lunch with me ! Food ? Won 't say a word , we 'll just sit there like an old married couple , - happy in our silence . - The Lazy Flamingo then ? My God , that 's canny ! Will you be out of your PJs by 1 ? I 'll try . You didn 't tell her . I didn 't want her to think we were worried . David . Hey , kiddo ! How are you ? - What are you doing here ? - It 's so good to see you ! How come you 're in Toronto ? My God , you look so grown-up ! Sorry , I have to ... Morris , did he sign ? No , look , skip the details and tell me : Did he sign ? - That 's not acceptable . - Dad , what 's going on ? It won 't work , Morris ! Well , then you can tell him we 're going to release his Greatest Hits package with his ugliest picture . I 'm sorry , are we interrupting your business ? If it 's not important , I won 't take it . Oh really ? Lilith , call your mom , see if she takes it . - Off . - Thank you . Everything okay ? Yeah . How about you ? - Good . - Good , yeah ? - Yeah , yeah . - Great ! Dad ? Never better . Great . Everything 's just so great ... Your father told me about your friend Nick . It 's Mick . Why don 't we order ? Guys , what do I feel like ? Hi . - This is cozy . - Yeah . Ah , that 's something ! That 's really something . - It 's beautiful , isn 't it ? - Oh yeah ! It 's kinda ... beautiful , yeah , like you said . This reminds me of watching a movie . Because of the lights and everything . Yeah , I know , I know , I get it . Yeah , I guess all we need now is popcorn . Yeah , ha , ha . Popcorn ! Do I ... Did you ... D - Do you ever go ? Go where ? Movies . Because I like to go ... so you know , maybe we could go ... you know ? Sometime ? Ah ... Huh . Well , it looks like we found our sulphate reducers all right . - I 'll just write it up . - Bob ? Please . Look , you are such a special guy . It 's just ... I don 't date guys that I work with . So , if David asked you out , would you ... would the same rule apply to David , too ? Yes . Okay . I 'm sorry , Bob . Lilith , you came out here to ... to get a fresh start , right ? Isn 't that what you wrote in your e-mail ? Okay , you 're 15 now , I don 't know why a 15-year-old kid needs a fresh start , but I let you go . Knowing quite frankly that this day would come and here it is . Right . And you think this is the answer ? Just go back to all those stupid teachers and all those stupid friends ? None of it matters . - What matters Lil ? - I saw him die , mom ! - I held him . - I 'm sorry . And then they came and they took him . - Now he 's gone . - I know it 's hard . It really hurts , mom . Sure it does , but it will get better . You 'll see . You 'll come home and you won 't be alone all the time , and things will be better , I promise . There ! It 's okay . It 's okay . Hey , Bob . How 's it going with that probe ? Yes , good . I was just writing it up . I 'm standing right here Bob , just tell me . Yeah , well , it worked like you said . Just zeroed in , just lit right up , like a fireworks display , a Chinese one . Good , okay . So what you 're telling me is that we 've narrowed the search ? Huge narrowing . So I thought that we should isolate things further cell sorter . Good ! - David ? - Hmm ? - I need to talk to you . - Okay . It 's ... I got a call today from Camico Cosmetics . Miss Richmond , over there asked- - We 'll talk about this later , Bob . David ! Ann Katzman , from the Times . Oh ! Hey , thanks for coming ! Why don 't we do this in your office ? Oh , hey Carlos , I need you to run PCR on fatty-acid mass spec on the MSG . Ah ... you want the geno-type or gina-type ? - Both ! - Right on it , boss ! Thank you ! So , you want it in science , or you want it in English ? You know what , this isn 't my usual beat , so , English , maybe . What did they do ? Take you off Fashion or Arts and Leisure ? I usually cover international economics and labour trends . Okay . So , Dr. Sandstrom , how accurate is NorBAC 's claim that these blackouts are due to a hydrogen sulphite build-up from bacteria in the soil around the substation ? Wow ! Completely premature . That comes from Congresswoman Schuyler . Yeah , well , Congress-person-woman Schuyler is the Chair of the entire NorBAC organization , so what does she know ? Well , there are other intelligence agencies that say we are dealing with an act of bio-terrorism . If you want to know what caused the explosion , you came too soon . Something I don 't have a personal problem with . Is there anything you don 't want to tell me ? Fire away . Are we dealing with an act of bio-terrorism ? Hmm , see ? That 's the same question , only kind of different . Miss Katzman , I think you 'd better redirect your line of questioning . Thank you , Your Honour . Could we be dealing with an act of bio-terrorism ? Finding a used condom in your cream of oyster soup could be an act of terrorism . Any fucking thing could be an act of terrorism , but until we find all the evidence , we can 't say that . But you 're looking at it as a possibility ? Of course , we are . We wouldn 't be doing our jobs if we didn 't look at all the angles , especially in the light of all these intercepts flying all over the- - Wait ! What intercepts ? She didn 't tell you about the intercepts ? All this Goddamned CIA chatter bullshit ? That 's it ! Interview 's over . Why ? That 's where this whole terrorism thing started in the first place . - Do you have any science questions ? - Wait ! Are you telling- - It 's over ! NorBAC Director abruptly ends interview . Hey ! Thought you gave that up . I did ! This is to help me get through us . Nice ! You always come home so late ? - You don 't remember ? - Oh , I remember you not coming home . You know , I 'm surprised you didn 't ship her back Purolator the moment she got here . Well , at least it 's better then micromanaging her every move , her every thought ... - You don 't manage her at all ! - Here we go ! Will you 2 just both fucking stop it ? Seriously , it 's like I 'm not even here , and you 're using me to tear each other apart . Actually , you know what ? You guys go ahead , okay ? But leave me out of it . Look , I just lost my friend . My best friend ! All you care about is putting each other down . Lilith ! You know , the first night of the blackout was kind of cool . All that darkness and silence . Sky full of stars . Ah , this city boy needs some lights , you know ? Noise . And I never did know my Ursa Major from my Ursa Minor , so . I 'm sorry I didn 't ask you more about Mick . It 's okay , dad . No , it 's not . I 'm pretty fucking hopeless when it comes to this stuff and I just ... I didn 't know what to say and now I 'm looking at you take all this on yourself and I don 't know why . Because it wasn 't your fault , you know . You did more for Mick than ... anyone . He met you and , you know , maybe for the first time in his life , somebody , you , made him feel like he belonged . You know ? Yeah . Maybe that 's ... Maybe that 's how he made you feel too . It doesn 't mean much . It means he didn 't die alone . I 'd say that 's pretty huge . Oh ! Okay , okay ! Okay . Listen . You have got to turn all this into a good memory ... but you 're not going to be able to do that here . You need to be in a place that you know , with people that you know . And with a mom that you know . Even if she is fucking nuts ! - Dad . - I 'm sorry . You know that I love you , right ? I love you too , dad . Okay . Come on you should be happy . Power 's back up just about everywhere . Did you read her piece in the Times ? I never read my reviews . I had a 4-star General on the phone screaming at me about intelligence leaks . Do I really have blue eyes ? Look , I 'm getting it from all sides . People need to know if this was an accident , terrorists- - I 'm not the one who told you to feed it to the bear . It 's your theory ! And bullshit until proven . I told that to Katzman ! She wrote what she wanted . There are soldiers stationed at substations , factories afraid to start up in case they lose power . Do you know what that 's costing ? - Shit ! - Oh , way to go ! I 'm glad we could get together , Robert . I 'm sorry , it 's taken me a while . - Busy ? - Yes , very . Robert , do you know how talented you are ? No , I 'm not ... In my many years in the cosmetics industry , I 've never known anyone with your gift for scents . Thank you . I told my market researchers your idea for a line of ancient perfumes . They loved it . They 're all very anxious to meet you . I don 't know what to say . Yes , Robert , just say yes . Come work for me , Robert . You have so much to accomplish . Just think of it . Your own line of perfumes . Caroline , the mammogram came back . And ? Inconclusive . The radiologist saw something . The technology is so good these days , you get a lot of false positives . You just need to go for a biopsy . Could it be a cyst ? Well , that 's what the biopsy will tell us . I don 't think you have anything to worry about . Lulu will call you to book an appointment as soon as her computer 's up . I gotta run . My grandson 's daycare is closing early because of the blackout . Okay , thank you . Caroline ? There 's been another explosion . Chicago . This is the result of the probe we ran in the wiring for the Buffalo substation . This is from samples we received today , Chicago . Same wire . There are a number of wire manufacturers , but these 2 are both from Pacific North . Okay , so we 've explosions at 2 different substations , same wire , can 't be a coincidence . What 's around these wires that they like so much ? We 're going to Chicago , Bob . No , I can 't , I have fluorescence-glowing bacteria growing ... I have a meeting . - Oh . Okay , I 'll take Jill . - You will ? Yes , why not ? Safe trip . Thanks . Oh , Chicago ! I got an idea . Why don 't we get a little wire , and find ourselves a hotel and relax ? Which hotel ? The one where we met was pretty nice . Get a couple bottles of champagne , maybe go a little crazy ? That 's an even better idea ! How about we get a little wire and then make our 7 o 'clock flight back to Toronto ? - Doesn 't sound like as much fun . - No , it doesn 't ! Yo , something here boss . Well , see what I see ? - Bunch of burnt wires . - Yeah . Lucky our wires didn 't get scorched . Open wide , say ah ... Hello mama ! Rotten eggs ! Take this and bottle some of it . Thank you . Ha ! Rotten eggs and garlic ! David , I think you just found the star of the Bacteria Street Boys . What ? Yeah , it 's David . Oh , really ? Okay , thanks . David ! It 's eaten away at some of the insulation , here . Cool . Except that no bacteria eats plastic . It gets even weirder . Turns out the plastic around these wires is the same insulation used on 50 % of the wires in the country . All right boys and girls , I give you the star of the Bacteria Street Boys . Red viscous material , stinks , definitely biological , found on the underground cables in Chicago , just slathered all over , eating it . So , we need a complete set of tests on this . Bob , I want you to grow it . Bob ! Don 't just stand there , let 's get going ! Mayko , you sequence . Jill , taxonomy , I want to know what this is related to . Carlos , you and I are going upstairs . Hey . Mick . Not that you can hear me , obviously . Not that I you know , want you to hear me , because I have nothing intelligent to say . Except that I miss you . We 're dealing with a completely new species . Okay , now we 're getting somewhere . David , something else . This thing seems to have evolved to breathe off metals . What do you think ? Begin looking at a completely new species . Okay , where did it come from ? Do you think that someone actually introduced these bacteria into the soil to blow things up ? Because I can 't grow it . Maybe something ... Listen ! Okay , maybe something made this bacteria by ... What the fuck are we missing ? Okay . We 've got a new bacterium that manages somehow to destroy hydroelectric cables by eating through the insulation so the wires can spark an explosion . Sounds stupid just saying it ! If it can eat plastic and insulation , then every biology book in the world will have to be rewritten . Except that we can 't grow it in the lab , so ... We can 't grow it in the lab . But why can 't we grow it in a lab ? You say it 's got genes that can only be found in bacteria that breathe metal , right ? Hmm-hmm , so it needs metals to live . Ever try feeding it metals ? Bob ? Well , I ... Metals ? From the wire . Of course ! How did the metals get into the soil if they 're surrounded by insulation and plastic ? It must have leeched through somehow . Hang on a second ... God damn it , that 's exactly how it happened ! Okay , this metal in the wire is loaded with current , right ? So it heats up and that allows it to somehow leech through a stress point or a crack in the insulation , into the soil , where our bacteria sucks it right in . That 's it ! It breathe the metal , then change it genetically . So that the new species could eat the plastic . Simple . Not that simple . Okay , come on . Composition of the wire ? What ? The wire , I need the formula . Wes , where is the .. ? There 's a report from the wiring manufacturer . It mentioned the name of a metal in wiring , I remember because it was so unusual . I marked it , circled it here . Buffalo . Chicago . The same manufacturer , the same metal . Well , what do you know ! Tellurium ! - Tellurium . - What ? It 's a metal . The power companies were using it for a while , - but it got too expensive . - You think that 's it ? Could be . I want you to call around , find a metal supplier . David , it 's midnight . Sorry . Tellurium delirium . Call first thing in the morning . Everybody go home ! Here it is ! Pure tellurium . Okay , right over here . Symbol TE , atomic number 52 , silvery white , brittle , P-type semi-conductor believed to be the source of odour and garlic . Sort of like that red goo smell . Okay , Bob , let 's see if our little bug likes to breathe tellurium and eat plastic . We 'll have to grow it plus and minus each of the components . Michael ? Which components ? Plastic and tellurium . - See we are going to prove- - - Or disprove . ... or disprove that the red goo grows only when everything 's added to the stew and not when any single ingredient is left out . And the way we do that is we try everything . Plastic , insulation , tellurium in any combination . How long before we have something ? - Couple of days . - One way or the other . Yeah , I got a hunch , tough . Somehow the tellurium got into the soil , right , a crack in the insulation , a bad splice , it doesn 't matter . It got there , and was exposed to one of 100,000 different kinds of bacteria living in that . And into one of those microscopic bugs , the tellurium started a mutation process . And suddenly it became the amazing plastic-eating red goo that took out the entire northeast of the continent . Put that back on . So , you 're telling me these events , both of these blackouts were naturally occurring ? - That 's what we 're saying ? - No terrorist involvement ? None ! You know , unless the terrorists somehow conspired to have the tellurium added to the wires , knowing , smart little bugs that they are , - that someday , it would leech through- - - David ... How much of this tellurium is out there ? That 's something you better find out . So much for terrorists . I 'd have your CIA boys take another look at those intercepts . You know , a written apology to me would be nice , for treating me like- - I can assure you that your work will be shown to the proper authorities . Thank you . Who 's going to foot the bill for the retrofit ? Taxpayers , most likely . And if the government spends it properly , they should be able to make it look as if it 's a cheap solution . Wait a minute ! What about the bacterium ? It eats plastic ! Yes , well , we should look into that . Think of all the plastic in all those garbage dumps . Now , you tweak this thing and learn how to control it , it 'll be worth a mint . Developed in a government-sponsored lab ? I wouldn 't buy the Rolls just yet , Dave . Nice work . / * Some of us need protection from a sad kind of weapon * / / * All of the imperfections we perceive can start to * / / * Threaten us to believe that we can 't be loved * / / * When all we need is to be home * / / * Hope for angels is a heart that 's open * / / * So far angels can 't be scared away * / / * Hope for angels can be chaos and rejection * / / * I 'm alone for angels * / / * Some of us have addictions * / / * Offer aid into afflictions * / / * Why do we covet pain as our crystal path of predictions ? * / / * We better believe we can be loved * / / * When all we need is to ... * / Are you there ? Yeah . - I 'm back 2 school 2morrow ... - " ... kinda nervous . " You 'll be okay . ( Not so sure about the school . ) Get this , I think I want to be a scientist when ( if ! ) I grow up . " Gtg ttyl ? " You 're such a loser ! I 'll see you later . I 've been offered a senior position in another lab . Oh . - You okay ? You seem a little tense . - I 'm fine ! I think I see where Jill went wrong . You 're Louise Raposa ? Two sets of doctors said our illness had nothing to do with Iraq . One hired by Powell support , one by the Pentagon . - Welcome to Canada . - Thank you . So we spent a week loading out these bombed out buildings , even the dirt under them into these big biohazard barrels . And what was in the buildings ? Iraqi military supplies . They wouldn 't tell us more . Now 10 of us are fucking dying . They weren 't exposed to anything . They were using state of the art Hazmat gear . So the question is : Why would you give these to a bunch of non-military , glorified garbage collectors ? We complain when people aren 't properly suited , now we 're suspicious when they are ? Severe anti-coagulation syndrome . - What causes it ? - We don 't know . All right , why don 't you two pack a bag ? Subtitles : kubilai Lama Transcript : Raceman
