 The world will have to deal with us . " Previously on " The " 4400 : " What ? So Navarro was really some kind of mind reader ? I believe " telepath " is the word you 're looking for . Just concentrate on what you wanna ask me , and I 'll hear you . He definitely knew what we were thinking . I can think of a few practical applications for it . You should 've come to me first . I 'd have treated you better than they ever will . We 're at war here . Don 't pick the losing side . There 's a synthetic substance present in the blood of every 4400 . They call it promicin inhibitor . NTAC 's been studying the 4400 since they got back . - They should 've known . - They do know . I was ordered to work on a drug to suppress the production of promicin . Once I synthesized the inhibitor , we gave it to every 4400 . But if it comes down to a choice between the safety of the American people and the welfare of the 4400 , Tom , that 's no choice at all . Because if you 're holding on to any hope of keeping this covered up , you 're gonna have to start by putting me in the ground right here , right now . Every male in this building has got a gallon of adrenaline coursing through his veins right now , and most of them are armed . A 4400 nearly took down a fortified government facility , and walked away without breaking a sweat . I wasn 't pregnant when I was abducted , but I was when I got back . You 've seen what she 's capable of , what she can do when she feels threatened . You know Isabelle has connections between the right and left hemispheres of her brain that have never been seen before . You are the stewards of the future . Your daughter is the Rosetta stone for understanding what happened to the 4400 . Isabelle ? Isabelle ! Hello , Shawn . I 'm Isabelle . The world has changed . Everything is different now . The Promicin Inhibitor Program was an international effort . Its goal was to prevent the coming of a world dominated by a tiny fraction of the population . In short , we were doing everything we could to prevent the 4400 from developing extra-human capabilities . We believe that without the inhibitor program , these abilities would show up in virtually every one of the 4400 . I don 't think I need to explain to this committee why that would be something less than the best-case scenario . Overnight , normal human beings like you and I , and all the institutions we 've come to rely on would be obsolete . The program wasn 't perfect . People got sick . Some died . That was not our intent . But now it 's gone . And the future that we were trying to prevent is here , and we are not ready . I believe it comes down to a question of power . Who is going to hold it ? Us or them ? Because , believe me , it 's going to come down to us against them . Shawn , you 're not making any sense . Just tell me what 's wrong with Isabelle . I told you , I can 't explain . Is she sick ? Is she hurt ? You gotta see for yourself . Dad . Who the hell is this ? Where 's Isabelle ? I am your daughter . I 'm Isabelle . - I don 't get it . - It 's not a joke . Something happened . I changed . I don 't know how . She just walked in here . She knew my name . She seems to know about you and Lily ... Stop . I don 't know what game you 're playing here , and I don 't care . Richard . Richard ... Lily . Lily . Lily ? Is Isabelle with you ? Lily ? Lil ... Lily , are you all right ? Oh , Richard . I must 've fainted . Is Isabelle with you ? Who are you ? Where 's my wife ? Richard , what are you talking about ? I 'm Lily , your wife . Why are you looking at me like ... ? - Oh , my God . - Ma 'am , I don 't know who you are . Oh , my God . No ! Your blood pressure is elevated . But I suppose that 's to be expected . Heart , lungs , reflexes , all within the normal range . Doctor , you call this normal ? Richard , I wanna see Isabelle . Where is my daughter ? She 's right outside . I 'll bring her in in a minute . I realize how alarming this must be . But at least you can take some solace in the fact that your wife is a perfectly healthy older woman . If I had to guess , I 'd say she 's about 75 . I 'm 29 , and I don 't understand . Please , help me understand . How could this happen ? Maybe it 's a reaction to being taken off the promicin inhibitor . But truthfully , I don 't know . There is a condition called progeria . It 's associated with rapid aging . So this kind of thing has happened before ? Mr. Tyler , when your wife fainted this morning , she was a young woman . When she woke up less than a minute later , she was 50 years older . I can guarantee you , this is a first . Excuse me . - Are you okay , Dr. Burkhoff ? - I 'm fine . Not enough sleep , that 's all . Research . Well , what do we do now ? Is there any way to reverse this ? I wish I knew . I need to do some thinking . Are you my mother ? Isabelle ? Every day , the 4400 are changing and getting stronger . Instead of mobilizing to meet this challenge , we 're wringing our hands and trying to determine who knew what when . I will save this committee the trouble and expense of a long investigation . The inhibitor program was my idea . I was proud to lead it . The men on this board were simply following my orders . If there 's blame to be assigned , it 's mine . Mine alone . Yeah , I know Kyle doesn 't wanna see me . Is there some way we can force him to ? I 'm his father . I wanna know how he 's doing . Look , I realize you 're trying , but it 'll be months before he goes to trial , I 'm not gonna wait that long . Do you really think people are gonna let Ryland position himself as some kind of patriotic martyr ? The man headed a conspiracy that caused 28 deaths . He says it was accidental . A significant percentage of this country believes him . Try overwhelming . You guys listen to talk radio lately ? I mean , the calls are , like , 90 percent in his favor . You can buy a " Free Dennis Ryland " T - shirt within a block of here . Maybe they should put him up for the Nobel Peace Prize . Just tell him I need to see him . We don 't have to talk about the case . I just have to see my son . Just ask him one more time , okay ? And tell him we love him . Give him some time , Thomas . Kyle needs to live with his choice for a while . We 're back . Tom , break 's over . Ladies and gentlemen , I 'd like to call the proceedings to order . Everyone , just take your seats so we can get started . Members of the press , I was including you in that " ladies and gentlemen " designation , thank you . Mr. Ryland , I 'd like to pick up the questioning where we left off . You insist that you alone gave the go-ahead for the Promicin Inhibitor Program , is that right , sir ? Yes , sir . It was my program all the way . So this committee is to understand that your department was able to plan and implement an international conspiracy without some Cabinet-level approval ? That 's correct . I was given a broad mandate in my duties as head of NTAC . I felt that the project fell within that mandate . So there was no need to seek outside approval ... - Excuse us , everybody . - Did you hear that ? Well , yeah , the microphones went haywire . No , not that . Something else . Just set that approval issue to the side for the moment . Did you ever discuss the project with anyone outside of NTAC ? I mean , someone , somewhere , must have taken an interest in what your people were doing over there . - Listen to me . - What ? What 's wrong ? - A simple question , Mr. Ryland . - What do you mean , " What 's wrong " ? Surely , it can 't be that difficult to answer . If I could have your attention up here , Mr. Ryland . You need to relax , Miles . Security ! Stop that man ! Get some protection on Ryland . Stay here . I 'll be right back . We need an ambulance ! Someone call an ambulance ! Stand back , please . Back . Back . Hey ! Stop ! T.J. ! Someone get these photographers out of here . You stay with him . I don 't understand what I did . Would somebody please tell me what I just did ? Hang on , Dennis . The ambulance is coming . Yeah , it was her . The blood we picked up at the scene matches the DNA in our records . That was T.J. Kim running from the courthouse . When she hit this place , T.J. Drove every man in the building into a homicidal rage . Now it sounds like she just zapped one guy . She 's learning to control what she can do . They all are . Ever since we took them off the inhibitor , they 're either developing new abilities , or they 're refining the ones that they 've got . So they are getting more dangerous . I guess Ryland was right . I 'll be sure to mention that to my daughter . Okay , save the point-counterpoint . At the moment , we 've been tasked with two jobs . We track down T.J. Kim . What 's the second job ? We are to protect Ryland 's co-conspirators from any further reprisals . So we arrest them , and now we 're their bodyguards ? Well , the entire country just saw a 4400 turn a government hearing into her own personal slasher film . If T.J. Gets to Ryland again , or any of them , before we can bring her in , people are gonna start to wonder if the United States government is capable of protecting its citizens . And that 's the beginning of chaos . Back to work , please . Tom . In case you 're wondering , Dennis is still in surgery . They say that it is touch-and-go . It 's okay . Give me your hands . Try and relax . Relax . Is it better ? Much better . For now . When this thing first came on , it was bad , but at least she was healthy . Now she 's had diabetes , emphysema . Seems like every day , there 's something new . I 'll come help her every day . Listen , we got everyone working on this . We 're gonna figure it out . - Is my mother okay ? - Yeah . She had a little problem . Shawn fixed it . It 's all in the wrists . Can I see her ? Please ? Mom ? Isabelle . - Come here . - Is there anything I can do ? I 'm fine . Really . Sit down . You were such a beautiful baby . I used to hold you all day long . I knew exactly what you were feeling , what you wanted . We were so close . I 'm sorry for growing up so fast . I didn 't mean to . I didn 't want to . Neither did I. Crazy thing is , I keep thinking about Patty , Ryland 's wife . I feel like I should call her or something , help her through this . Maybe you should . You and Ryland were friends for a long time . It 's okay to be conflicted . Yeah , well , Ryland 's little experiment almost got you killed . Shawn too . The guy knew that Kyle was stalking Jordan Collier and he did nothing . I 'd say that trumps friendship . You have so much on your mind . Kyle , Ryland , the 4400s . I need to get you away from here , away from your problems . Yeah , well , it sounds nice . But I can 't go anywhere . I 'm starting investigation in the morning . What if I told you I could take you away between now and then ? My ability . Since I 'm off the inhibitor , I think I can control it now . What , you mean you wanna ... ? You wanna take me into another dream world ? Alternate real ... ? - I don 't even know what to call it . - Call it a vacation . A week . A year . As long as we want . All that in the space of a few moments . Should we try it ? What , right here ? Now ? - What do we do ? - We 're already doing it . There 's no one on the beach . It 's all ours , Thomas , so is the hotel . We can stay here for as long as we like . There is no jet lag . That sounds perfect . It is perfect too . The door 's open . Come in . What ? What is it ? - You 're naked . - I 'm more comfortable this way . Haven 't really gotten used to them . Clothes . I have a bathrobe . Is this better ? Almost . Just ... Never met anybody that read the encyclopedia - from cover to cover before . - Oh , I 'm not finished . I just delivered those to you yesterday . Okay , you 're a fast reader . That 's really cool . Listen , they 're looking for you down in the labs . You 're like an hour late . They sent you to get me ? - Aren 't you in charge ? - Well , yeah , more or less . You know , I go where I 'm needed . They were scared of me , weren 't they ? - Pretty much . - That 's all right . I think my parents are frightened of me . I don 't think your mom and dad are scared of you . I think they 're just confused . I don 't blame them . It 's mostly how I feel too . I don 't understand what happened to me . I don 't understand what happened to my mother . And I 'm trying to read and learn things , but mostly , I just ... I still feel lost . See , now you sound like a real 4400 . But I 'm not a 4400 . Not like my mother and father , or you . Looks like I 'm gonna live . Sorry to disappoint you , Tom . Why 'd you ask to see me , Dennis ? I hear that you and Skouris are in charge of the investigation . Yeah . We know who did it . We 'll find her . T.J. Kim attacked this building six weeks ago . No one 's tracked her down yet ? We got a little sidetracked cleaning up your mess , Dennis . Did you ever think that maybe she has help ? Other 4400s who feel the same way about the government she does ? When we catch her , we 'll ask . Will you ? I wanna make sure you 're gonna take this thing as far as it goes , Tom . The same way you did when you came after me . And I want my people protected . They were acting under my orders . They 're under guard . So was the courthouse when Kim attacked . I 'd feel better if you brought them in . We offered sanctuary to every single conspirator . There were no takers . I guess no one wanted to cooperate with the organization that was working to put you in prison . We had to fight just to get them to let us post agents outside their houses . Crocket , are you ready to go for a walk , boy ? Come on , Crocket . Let 's go . They wanted no part of us . They all seemed confident that T.J. Kim was acting alone . Crock ? What 's wrong ? It 's me . This just arrived 15 minutes ago . This is a message from the Nova Group . We are the defensive wing of the 4400 . Today , the world has seen what happens to those who try to harm us . A second demonstration of our capabilities is planned for October 19th . A new era dawns . Defensive wing , huh ? What happens when they decide to play offense ? - I guess we find out in five days . - They didn 't say what they want . No demands . No room for compromise . We don 't even know how many 4400s are in this Nova Group . We couldn 't handle one when she walked in here and attacked the place . Now there 's a whole team of assassins out there , all with abilities ? They got someone who can kill you by lowering your body temperature . Don 't forget the beast master . What ? That dog got pissed off pretty quick . I 've been all over the files , and none of these abilities have been registered with us . They 're off the inhibitor now . We can 't even pretend to have a comprehensive list of what these people can do . Is anyone else feeling a little overmatched here ? You two remember Gary Navarro ? Hey , Gary . Been a while . You 're right , Baldwin . I do think you two sold me out . It really bothered me for a while , but now I understand it 's just standard operating procedure . Well , I guess that mind-reading thing 's working pretty well , huh ? Better than ever , actually . Gary 's telepathic abilities have been very useful to the National Security Agency . They 've agreed to let us borrow him while we investigate the Nova Group . You 're clear on what we 're doing ? You want to use a 4400 to track down other 4400s . - Do you have a problem with that ? - Not at all . It won 't be my first time . So can we get started ? Never heard of the Nova Group . Not until this morning , anyway . Now I gotta go on television in an hour and explain that the Center had nothing to do with this . Shawn . I know there 's a lot of history between NTAC and this place . But I trust you realize how serious this is . Believe me , if I knew anything , I would tell you . Well , do you mind if the three of us walk around the place , - talk to people ? - You and your pet mind reader ? No , I can 't let you do that . These people haven 't done anything wrong . I won 't let you invade their privacy . And I actually can 't believe that you brought this guy here again . How much do they pay you to spy on your own kind ? Are you getting a clear signal ? See anything you like up there ? As far as I can tell , he 's not hiding anything . I have a lot of work to do . If I hear anything , I 'll give you a call . For now , that 's the best I can do . Sorry about my nephew . - Why ? - He was kind of rude back there . I get that kind of stuff a lot . I don 't take it personally . You mind if I ask you ... ? You 've sort of implied that you 've pursued 4400s in the past . What exactly do you do for the NSA ? - Overseas stuff , mostly . - But like what ? Give me an example . They fly me someplace . I approach the subject , find out what he 's thinking . And I tell the people I work for , who then fly me home where I live comfortably . What happens to the subject ? I don 't ask . That 's good . The neural pathway comparisons are particularly illuminating . Make sure you understand them before you move on . Dr. Burkhoff , I don 't understand any of this . A bunch of her neurons don 't work anymore . Every time one of hers turns off , one of mine turns on . Exactly . And what 's true for neurons is true for muscle fibers , synaptic pathways . There is a one-to-one correspondence between the amount you lost and the amount you gained . So all this is just a way of saying I 'm doing this to her ? The correlation is too precise to be random . Your rapid aging has caused her rapid aging . How do we stop it ? Put me back the way I was ? - I 'm afraid I can 't . - So , what do we do about it ? There is a possibility that if the aging agent were eliminated , that Lily might be restored to her normal self . - The aging agent ? - He means me . I 'm killing you . The only way for you to live is for me to die . Isn 't that right ? Don 't answer that , Dr. Burkhoff . Thank you for your time , but we 're done here . Where are you going ? We 're not discussing this . Not now . Not ever . - It 's true , isn 't it ? - I think so . But it 's only a theory . Guys , I went over this six weeks ago with the men in black . Humor us . I went on two dates with T.J. Kim . Then I cut it off . - Girl had a lot of baggage . - How long ago was that ? About two months ago . If I 'd known there would be government agents showing up every other day to ask me about her , I would 've taken notes . Hey , so listen . All this stuff about October 19th , you guys think it 's serious ? I mean , like , should I be getting out of town ? I don 't think that 's the answer . As far as we know , you 're as safe here as anywhere else . That kid was lying . Or at least he wasn 't telling you everything . The whole time you were talking to him , he was thinking about an address . 331 Reynolds Avenue . Looks like it 's clear . Nobody 's home . Nobody 's been home for a while , I 'd say . Look at this . It 's the government report on the return of the 4400 . I tried to read this once . Kind of dry . It looks like someone made it right through to the end . " Wesley Hauser . " - " Wesley Hauser . Wesley Hauser . " - Who the hell is Wesley Hauser ? Hauser was a Marine . Did two tours of duty in Vietnam . He led protests against the war after he got home in ' 72 . Disappeared in ' 75 . Once he got out of quarantine , he never checked back in . Guy 's been living off the grid for almost two years . Which means he never went on the inhibitor . So who knows what he 's capable of by now . He was disillusioned with the government before he disappeared . I wouldn 't say we 've done much to win him over since he 's been back . When he was in quarantine , he was housed in barracks three , same building as T.J. Kim . An agitator . An organizer . A radical . Sounds like we have our second member of the Nova Group . Baldwin . You 're kidding me . All right . All right . I know . Put him through . - He says he 's Wesley Hauser . - No way . Yeah , hello ? How 'd you like my apartment ? Well , to be honest , it felt a little empty without you there . I 'm on a tight schedule . A lot to do before next week . Sounds like you have interesting plans . Why don 't we get together someplace , - talk them over ? - No more talking . There 's nothing to say . Your time is ending . Ours begins October 19th . Come on . Let me go . Why 'd you run when we asked you about Hauser ? You two used to eat together in quarantine . - We 've got it on camera . - So ? The guy had a lot of good war stories . - Doesn 't make us best friends . - So why did you run ? Because when I see NTAC agents , I run the other way . You people almost killed us all . Can you blame me ? Turn around . Turn around . - Are we done here ? - Get out of here . I mean , call me sensitive , but I felt like saying to him , " We exposed the inhibitor . We saved your life . " You guys just don 't really get it , do you ? It 's not just that guy . Every 4400 we 've talked to today , they 're scared of you . Or they don 't trust you . Or they hate you . I 'm sorry , but the days when you could expect friendly conversation from these people , they 're gone . You 're the bad guys now . Get used to it . Now , I 'm just warning you , motherhood 's no cakewalk . Since when are you an expert ? I 'm only saying she landed on twins . Kind of a big responsibility . Especially when she 's trying to get by on a teacher 's salary . - What are you gonna name them ? - I don 't really want to play anymore . - Is that okay ? - Oh , what 's wrong , sweetheart ? Nothing , except I know Marco 's gonna win , I 'm gonna come second , and you 're gonna end up alone with no money . Don 't be jealous . He is smarter than you , but Mom likes you better . So who 's smarter than me ? Who knows ? I 'm not even sure she knows exactly . In some ways she was better off on the promicin inhibitor . At least she wasn 't overwhelmed back then . All she wants to do is record what she sees in those notebooks . It 's like some kind of compulsion . Well , think about it for a minute . Every morning she wakes up and knows pretty much what 's coming . She 's already lived the whole day once in her head . By the time something actually does happen , it 's like a rerun . - I hate watching reruns . - Yeah , try living one . Hey , what about Kevin Burkhoff ? Maybe he can figure out a way for Maia to control her visions . - He 's brilliant . - I don 't say this about many people , but he is smarter than me . I know you . - Of course you do . It 's Diana Skouris . - You work at NTAC . I 'm not here on business , though . I 'm here about my daughter , Maia . The precog . What about her ? She 's still 10 , right ? She 's not 65 now , is she ? Interesting guess . - Kind of wide of the mark , though . - Good . Might as well come on in . Thank you . - Oh , sorry about the clutter . - That 's okay . I fired the maid last week . She was always cleaning . Excuse me . So your daughter , what 's troubling her ? I 'll let you do it . I caused all this , right ? And getting rid of me is the only way to save my mother . No . That 's what you were thinking , wasn 't it ? No , it wasn 't . I don 't want her to die either . So I 'll let you do it . I 'll even shut my eyes . Isabelle , I would never hurt you . Why ? I don 't understand . It 's the only way to save her . We don 't know that . And I won 't make a choice between the two of you . Won 't or can 't ? Sorry . I don 't mean to invade anyone 's space . Oh , that 's okay . It 's not my desk . But it looks like you 'll be here for a while now , huh ? Assuming this place is still standing on October 20th , yeah . Maybe we should talk to Jarvis . Get you a room of your very own . That 's fine with me . To tell you the truth , I could use a little bit of a buffer zone . This problem you 're having with your daughter 's precog ability . I keep wanting to give you my opinion . But I don 't want to intrude . So you are listening to my thoughts . You and Baldwin . I can 't help it . I try to tune you guys out , but every now and then something leaks through . I 'll try to keep that in mind . You said you had an opinion about Maia . What is it ? When I first developed this thing of mine , I was a basket case . You saw me . I truly thought I was going insane . So I fought against it . And that just made it worse . I had to give in to it , let it take control of me . And then slowly , I learned how to take control of it . Listen , your kid stops fighting , and eventually it 'll become like seeing , or hearing , or any other sense . She won 't even think about it . It 's just a part of who she is . That 's how it worked for me , anyway . Thank you . Diana , we just got a call from Seattle police . Someone down there read our APB . They know exactly where Hauser is . You guys are lucky , actually . In another day or two , we would 've buried him in the potter 's field . - Buried who ? - Him . I always read the APB memos when they circulate in the police department . Kind of a hobby . Gets boring in here . Anyway , there was a description of a regimental tattoo on the memo for Hauser . 82nd Airborne . " Death From Above . " I remember it from a John Doe they brought in here three weeks ago . This guy drowned in the harbor . Well , a lot of veterans have that tattoo . Do a lot of veterans look exactly like the mug shot you circulated ? Don 't believe me ? Take a look for yourselves . Say hello to Wesley Hauser . Hauser died two and a half weeks before Ryland was attacked . Obviously , that wasn 't him on the phone the other day . And that copy of the 4400 report with all his notes over it ? For all we know , that could 've been a plant . Somebody wanted us distracted . They deliberately put us on the trail of some phantom member of the Nova Group . How did we first find out about Hauser ? T.J. ' s old boyfriend gave us the address . No , he was thinking it . At least according to Gary he was . Gary Navarro put us on to Wesley Hauser . Get in . You lied to me , Daniel . You never said anything about killing people . No , we were protecting you , Shawn . If we tell you in advance , you 're culpable . - What is she doing here ? - She 's dying . She needs your help . I told you , I don 't want anything more to do with you . The Nova Group was supposed to protect us . That 's why I gave you money , Daniel . That 's why I gave you money . Not to start a terrorist organization ! We 'll talk about your concerns later . She 's got a stomach wound and it 's infected . She needs you right now or she 's not gonna make it . Shawn , she 's a 4400 . And if we don 't help each other , what hope do we have ? Give me your hand . What are you doing here ? You 're awake . Good . It 's important that you know it was me . I 'm the guy who killed you . Med post , do you have a 20 on Gary Navarro ? - Yeah , he just walked by . Why ? - Get him . Hey . Stop ! Go . I 'll check on Ryland . He 's seizing . He 's bradying down . I need a crash cart and Ativan . Find Dr. Danoff . Now ! Stay right there , Gary . Isabelle . Isabelle . Oh , God ! Somebody call an ambulance ! What 's everybody standing around for ? - Somebody call an ambulance ! - They 're on their way . - Somebody call an ambulance . - Dad . What am I ? It 's miraculous , Shawn . When I watch you heal someone , well , it makes me wonder why they hate us so much . They hate us because you 're killing them , Daniel . They 're afraid of us . I can 't blame them . You make it sound like we acted out of some sort of blood lust . These were precise , tactical strikes , Shawn . And you and every other 4400 were ultimately much safer because of them . You killed people . That 's not what we discussed when you approached me . I gave you money to start a defensive arm for the Center , in case the government ever came after us again . It was a precaution . And all we 've done is taken precautionary measures . Shawn , do you think that because their inhibitor program was exposed , that the government 's just gonna leave us in peace ? They know we 've gotten stronger , which threatens their hold on power , which increases their need to eliminate us . So we strike first ? Is that it ? Is that what happens on the 19th ? Look , Shawn . You do great work at that center of yours . You just focus on that . I don 't wanna distract you . Knowledge can be a burden . And thanks for helping T.J. Out . You 're a hero to your own people . Don 't forget that . Yeah . It did not work , you know . Ryland was OD 'ing , but the doctors pulled him out of it . He 'll be awake within a couple of hours . Well , I 'm sure you 're as disappointed as I am . Don 't worry , we 'll get him . Let 's talk about Wesley Hauser . You first met him in quarantine . I liked Wes . He was ten kinds of crazy , but his heart was in the right place . I guess he was bipolar or something , but he never took medication . After quarantine , he lived on the streets . I used to visit him down at the docks . You know , give him food , a little money . So when did you decide to kill him ? Wes , he didn 't need my help with that . He drank about three bottles of Mad Dog a day . One morning , about a month ago , I went down to see him , and I found him by the dumpster , dead . And somewhere in the middle of your grieving process , you figured he 'd make a handy decoy . No , Hauser wouldn 't have minded it . I mean , he hated people like you going back to his Marine Corps days . So when I found him , I said a word or two over his body . And I pushed him into Elliot Bay . So how long you been working with this Nova Group ? Did someone approach you ? Was the whole thing your idea ? Tell me . You and this girlfriend of yours . Is it like a role-playing thing you get up to , or is she actually taking you into these ? I don 't know . What do you call it ? Fantasy worlds ? Oh , and this guy , Marco . Does he know that you 're too embarrassed to tell your partner that you two have been dating ? Done showing off ? Why don 't you tell us what 's gonna happen on October 19th ? I guess you 're gonna have to find yourself another telepath . Good luck with that . - So you got nothing out of him ? - He told us about Hauser . But as far as the Nova goes , it 's gonna take time to break him down . - How much time ? - He 's a telepath . - He knows what we 're thinking . - Longer than usual . Okay , so it 's not easy . But Gary Navarro has a Level 7 security clearance . We must assume he 's been using it to funnel national secrets to the Nova Group . We need to know what he knows . Now . He 'll talk . Gary 's been inside our heads for a year . I think I know how to get inside of his . - Careful with this , please . - Matthew . I didn 't expect to see you back for a couple weeks . Nova Group provides my calendar for me . Wiped it clean , actually . It 's difficult to lobby on behalf of the 4400 when some of them are boasting about their body count . I suppose . How 's Lily ? Any improvement since I left ? - If anything , she 's getting worse . - Sorry to hear that . Isabelle ? She tried to kill herself this morning . She jumped off the roof . A few minutes later , she was walking around like nothing happened . I gotta tell you , Matthew . I 'm not gonna lie . I 'm really glad you 're back . Hello , Isabelle . Hello . Who are you ? My name is Matthew Ross . I work closely with Shawn . I 'm an adviser to the 4400 . May I come in ? I understand there was an incident this morning . You attempted to harm yourself . I see . You had no right to do that ! Don 't you understand who you are ? What you 're here to do ? - No . - Well , I do . I know everything about you . I know why you 're here , and I know what you 're supposed to do . Sit . And I 'll tell you a story . You 'll like it . It 's about your past and it 's about your future . I know you went to a lot of trouble to get this . - Thank you . - But ? I 'm not sure I wanna send Maia to a school that only teaches 4400s . It sounds like a great way to get her to withdraw even further from the world . Just pretend it 's got nothing to do with the 4400 for a second . It 's a good school . You know , topnotch faculty . The facilities are great . And it 's all free . The 4400 Center picks up the whole tab . They even have a class on how to manage your abilities . Just give me some time to think about it , okay ? It 's a big step . I was kind of hoping Dr. Burkhoff would have , I don 't know , a magic pill or something . What 's he working on ? Anything interesting ? You know that promicin serum that he invented that saved everybody ? Well , I saw a syringe at his place , and it looked like there was some in it . Well , he 's a researcher , right ? He 's probably injecting into , what ? Mice ? Guinea pigs ? The only animals I saw at his place were a couple of cockroaches . You don 't think he 's injecting it into himself , do you ? That 's ridiculous . I am not injecting myself with the promicin serum . Good . I 'm glad to hear it . I 'm injecting myself with a modified version of the promicin serum . Dr. Burkhoff , I have to ask you this : Have you stopped taking your medication ? Of course not . I 'm as sane as you are . Once the course of treatment is finished , I will have taught my body how to produce promicin . And then I will be the first non-returnee to develop 4400 abilities . The first of many . You 're talking about the next step in human evolution . Do you think the world 's ready for that ? The world is never ready for change . You have to force it on them . Isn 't that why the 4400 were brought back ? Isn 't that why the future woke me up ? You shouldn 't be doing research of this magnitude in , excuse me , but ... In a dump . These are hardly sterile working conditions . You could help me with that . You have a scientific background , right ? I have graduate degrees in microbiology and epidemiology . Good . That 'll be handy . I need someone to monitor my progress as the changes continue . Changes ? I think it 's an exciting first step , don 't you ? I was thinking , next time , we could make a world where Kyle never shot Jordan Collier , never went to prison , the inhibitor scandal never happened . Sounds nice . Although I have to tell you , at the moment , I 'm not really feeling a need to be transported to some kind of fantasy world . As long as this water stays hot , things are A-okay with me right here and now . Maybe tomorrow we can try it again . I 'll take a rain check . I 'm going to a seminar at the 4400 Center tomorrow . It 's about what we can expect physically now that we 're off the inhibitor . Is everything okay ? You 're not having any problems , are you ? No , I feel fine . I feel great , actually . Well , then I don 't get it . Why do you need to go ? I don 't . I wanna go . I 'm curious . But why ? You never wanted to go to the Center before . Why start now ? I never felt the need to be around other 4400s before . Now you do ? It 's just a seminar , Thomas . Yeah , okay . I get it . Do you recognize those names ? They 're 4400s . All of them foreign nationals . Alesandro Ortiz from Venezuela . Ismael Namir from Libya . Chitra Singh from Indonesia . They 've all gone missing in the past year . That 's one year . That 's about as long as you 've worked for the NSA , isn 't it , Gary ? We checked your travel records . You left Venezuela two days before Ortiz disappeared . Same thing in Libya , Indonesia . Everyone on that list . You were there . They went away . What exactly did you do for the NSA , Gary ? There 's an arms race going on , isn 't there ? Only now it 's with 4400s . These people , I bet their abilities make the wrong people very nervous . And the NSA couldn 't stand by while foreign and potentially hostile governments developed what ? Human weapons of mass destruction ? Is this list complete , huh ? Because I 'm just wondering how many 4400s you did kill . - I did not kill anyone . - Oh , no , no , no . You got the right people in the right ZIP code because you were living back home . What did you say ? Oh , yeah . " Very comfortably when the actual dirty work was done . " And that 's why you went across to the Nova Group , isn 't it , Gary ? Because you just couldn 't live with yourself . The NSA told me that I was helping my country . They didn 't fill in the blanks . I had to do that myself . You felt used . They made you a weapon against your own people . So when did you figure it out ? What 's up ? Who are these guys ? This is Agent Wood and Dr. Boll of the NSA . They 've been brought in to help expedite the interrogation . First of all , no more sitting . What 's going on here ? - Brought in by whom ? - Gary Navarro tried to kill me . I made a phone call . You should be in jail right now , Dennis . - I still have a few friends , Tom . - I had him talking . - I was making progress . - Not fast enough . The members of Gary 's cell know he 's been taken . They 're already changing their plans . If it takes too long to break him , the information he gives us is stale . - October 19th is three days away . - Yeah . I know you find this hard to believe , Tom , but we are on the same side . We have the same goal . Those agents are tools . Use them . You 're sitting in my spot . Sorry . It 's okay . There 's room for two people to sit . You 've got Stalin , Pol Pot and the Marquis de Sade ? Did you finish all the fun books ? Well , I 'm interested in learning more about evil . Everybody 's scared of me . So I thought , what if they 're right ? - What if I 'm bad ? - Why would you think that ? Sometimes , I think I feel it inside of me , like , I could be capable of anything . Everyone 's capable of anything . - Believe me , I know . - How ? - Have you done bad things ? - Yeah , of course I have . Will you tell me about them ? Okay . - I slept with my brother 's girlfriend . - How bad is that ? Some people would call that a major betrayal . A lot of hurt feelings . - This man did much worse than that . - Well , I 'm not a dictator . But I 've done the big kind of bad too . I can 't say much about it , but I gave some money to some people . They used it for something really , really wrong . And I don 't think that they 're finished . - Well , can you stop them ? - I could turn them in . The thing is , so far , they 've only gone after bad people . - People that tried to kill me . - Tried to kill all of us . So if they 've only gone after bad people , - then doesn 't that make them good ? - Maybe . I don 't know . We 're relating now , aren 't we ? I read about this . Yeah , we are . How was it for you ? I liked it . We talked . It helped me understand good and evil . According to you , you get to pick . It 's a choice . I have it right , don 't I ? Yeah , you do . I can 't open my hand . I woke up from a nap , and it was all bunched up like this . Arthritis , I can handle . Feels good . You 're like a human heating pad . I like that . Human heating pad . I 'll take it as a compliment . Seriously , you better ? Yeah . I 've been trading e-mails with somebody down at the Mayo Clinic . He says we should go to Sweden and try this experimental treatment . Here . What 's this ? Open it . Can you believe that the Air Force lets you do that now ? You give them some money , and they let you ride along in an F-16 . It says here I get to take the controls . I talked to the guy who was in charge of the program and I told him about your background as a pilot , and he said he would let you drive for 30 seconds . Lily , I was a pilot in 1950 . That 's why it 's only 30 seconds . Happy birthday , Richard . Thanks , but it 's not my birthday for another six weeks . Richard , I 'm not going to be here in six weeks . - That 's not true . - Yes , it is . You and I have both known for a while . Richard , I 'm dying . Lily , I know how hard this is on you , but you can 't give up . Shawn said he 's willing to stay here with you all day if he has to . - He 'll keep you healthy . - He can 't . Not anymore . Are all these people 4400s ? Some are . Some just wish they were . Why would they want that ? Good morning . Welcome to the Center . Are you a 4400 ? No , sweetie . Are you ? Well , it is an honor to meet you . - Are you here to take our seminar ? - No . We 're here to look at the school . We have an appointment with Ms. Tobey . I 'll get her right away . In the meantime , would you sign in and register your ability ? We 're creating a database . You sure you wanna do this ? I wanna meet kids like me . My name is Alana Mareva . I have to admit , I was pretty hesitant about coming here today . I was lucky . My life was pretty much intact when I was returned . I never thought much about being a 4400 . But when we all got sick , and seeing everyone together in quarantine , it made me feel like I had been denying a part of myself . So here I am . And I 'm glad I came . Anything you wanna tell me ? Gary . Let 's end this . I 'll let you sit down . Who contacted you first ? Just give me a name . Oh , man . So how about it ? October 19th is two days away . Now , you got something to tell me or not ? Suit yourself . One of our members has been compromised . I have to assume he 's gonna give up my name . What , so you call me ? For all I know , NTAC is monitoring this line . Well , we 're gonna have to go underground . It 's gonna cost money . You think I 'm just gonna write you a check ? You can arrange it however you want . I need it tomorrow . I will see you at the usual spot , at the usual time . We are in a war , and we all have to do our part . Talk to me , Gary . What do you got to say , man ? Talk to me ! Talk to me . I need names . Give me a name ! - Talk to me , Gary . - Daniel Armand . Daniel Armand . Daniel Armand . Okay . That 's a start . - Who else ? - That 's it . He was my only contact . I never met anyone else in the group . He kept us all separate . I 'm sorry . I 'm just having a hard time believing that 's true . His pulse is tachy at 210 . Systolic 's up to 240 . - We need to lay off . - We 've only got one name . Can 't put him under again . Not for a few hours . We haven 't got a few hours . Don 't worry . He 's my responsibility . No . No . No , he 's not . He 's ours . And he 's done for the day . Okay , so he 's back . It 's not like we weren 't expecting this . No . Relax . He won 't get anywhere near Isabelle . We 'll find him , and we 'll deal with it . You made a mistake . - You got the wrong person . - I have to go . I don 't think I do . Those things you told me , those things you said I 'm going to do . That 's not me . I have a choice . And I don 't know who you are , and I don 't know how you think you know so much about me , - but you 're wrong . - Isabelle , I understand why you 're having trouble adjusting . Growing up is hard , but don 't be angry at the messenger . It 's not my plan . I 'm just here to help facilitate , to help you reach your full potential . Think of me as a favorite uncle . No . No , I don 't have any uncles . I don 't have any uncles , and I won 't be a part of any plan . That 's fair enough . You can always opt out . You can even try saving your mother if you like . How ? - What is that ? - Open it . There aren 't a lot of things that 'll hurt you , Isabelle . But that right there , that 'll do the job . If you can 't accept the fact that your life is vastly more important than your mother 's , just give yourself that shot . You 'll be dead in minutes . And Lily ? Who knows ? Maybe she 'll wake up and be a young woman again . - Will it really save her ? - I don 't know . It 's a gamble . But if you can 't live with who you are , then don 't . Sorry about that . I knew it . I knew it . I knew I had a clean cup somewhere . Now , where are the filters ? - It 's okay . I don 't need coffee . - I swear I just saw them . Do you mind if I just use paper towels ? - Kevin , if I do this ... - If you do it ? You 're already doing it . You 're here , right ? If I monitor you throughout this experiment , I need you to know one thing . If it gets to a point where your life is in danger , I am cutting this off . I will not stand by and watch you die . Well , I would hope not , because I 'm too valuable . I think this is gonna be fun . I haven 't really worked with anyone for quite some time . - I 'm looking forward to it . - Me too . So ... Wanna draw some blood ? Nina . We were just downstairs . The guard on duty said Wood signed Gary out . Gary was transferred to an NSA-run facility . But he 's a 4400 . He 's our jurisdiction . And someone at the Pentagon signed an order overriding us . Apparently , they feel we lack experience in high-pressure interrogation . And who do you think put that little bug in their ear ? I don 't know if it was Ryland or not . But we had our shot at Navarro . Now , tomorrow is October 19th . We are a day away from an announced terrorist attack . The NSA thinks they can get him to talk . - So where are they taking him ? - They didn 't share that information . This is so wrong . This is the only place in the country that 's at least somewhat equipped to handle 4400s . Do you think that I didn 't tell him that ? They weren 't interested . - Isabelle . - Hi . May I come in ? Are you going somewhere ? I saw Dad putting luggage into his car . Oh , we 're just gonna try another clinic , but we will be away for a while . - Do you want me to come with you ? - No . No , it 's all right . Thank you . Now , if there 's anything that you need , you can talk to Shawn . He 's ... He 'll be looking out for you , okay ? And ... I wanna give you this . It 's my wedding band . I inherited it from my grandmother . Her name was Lily too . You used to love to play with it when you were a little baby . I remember . - I used to like to bite on it . - And my finger too . You can wear it if you want . I always knew that I would give it to you one day . It doesn 't fit me anymore , and I 'd hate to lose it . I 'll keep it safe for you . I know you will . I 'm sorry I have to leave so soon . I wish we had more time together . Well , when do you think you 'll be back ? It 's hard to say . Goodbye , Isabelle . Bye . Thank you very much . I 'll take her from here . Thank you . Okay , you told her we were going over to the hospital ? - How 'd it go over ? - Oh , fine . I had it easy . I got to lie . You 're the one who has to tell her the truth . What 's going on ? What 's happening ? We 'll get him . Funny , that 's the exact same thing Navarro said about you . So far , he 's wrong . He never should 've been moved in the first place . - There was no reason . - There was every reason . You 're too soft , Tom . I don 't know what 's happened to you . No , I had him , Dennis ! You lost him . Sunset 's in four hours . At this point , we can 't even say with 100 ° % certainty that it 's gonna rise again in the morning . And the one guy who can tell us is gone . That 's a defeatist attitude . We 'll get him . Yeah , I know . You keep saying that . Hey , Shawn . - You got something for me ? - Where 's Daniel ? Busy . He sent me . - No , no , no . That 's not how we work . - Today it is . You can trust me . You saved my life . I owe you . Come on . Let 's get this over with . I feel a little naked standing out here . Thanks . Listen , if there 's ever anything you need ... You sold us ... Get in there , get in there . - You okay ? - Yeah , I 'm fine . I don 't guess we 'll be seeing her in court anytime soon . No , you did the right thing by calling us , Shawn . Seriously . You 're a hero . One minute to go . Just tell me one thing . Are we as prepared as we can be ? The entire country 's on level-red terror alert . All commercial air traffic has been suspended for the day . The National Guard has been deployed to likely targets . " Likely targets . " Kind of a broad term . I wish T.J. Could 've narrowed that down for us . Well , me too . But we have to keep her sedated to inhibit her ability . She 's already turned this place into a war zone once . So now we wait . Anyone else feel like they 're staring at a doomsday clock ? Well , that 's it . October 19th . Looks like the world 's still here . For the moment , anyway . Oh , my God ! - What ? What happened ? - It 's the Nova Group . Certainly , " miracle " is an imprecise term , but I 'm not sure how else to describe it . To repeat : I 'm broadcasting live from the Nubian Desert , north of Khartoum , where overnight , a thousand-acre patch of barren sand has somehow been transformed into fertile wheat fields . Scientists are at a loss to explain the conversion , but tests confirm that the wheat is real and edible . There hasn 't been food growing in that part of the world since before the birth of Christ . They make us all terrified , and then rather than attacking us , they give us a gift . Our station has just received a statement from the radical 4400 organization known as the Nova Group , claiming responsibility for this morning 's transformation . You are witnesses to the beginning of a new era . What happens next is up to you . The 4400 can be mankind 's greatest ally , or its most dangerous adversary . Don 't kid yourself . It 's an attack . An act of aggression , anyway . They just showed everyone that they can change the world , and there 's not a damn thing we can do about it . - Hello ? - I 'm very disappointed in you , Shawn . - Daniel . - I realize you 're still a young man . But I 'm afraid I can 't forgive you . Keith , I 'm broadcasting live from the Nubian Desert ... It 's okay , Kyle . Daddy 's ... Daddy 's here . I 'm right here . I 'm right here . Just go to sleep . Hey , I 'm Tyler . Maia . Lily . We are here . - Hasn 't changed much , has it ? - No . We were so happy here . Just you and me , and the baby . It was so much simpler . - Would you like to head on inside ? - No , not just yet . No , let 's stay out here for a while . It 's so peaceful . Remember when you went into labor ? I could hardly get the car into gear . But you gave me directions to the hospital . How did you stay so calm ? Lily ?
