 Now these are delicious . Uh , leave some for the rest of us . Hey , I 'm eating for two . Great party , Neelix . Everybody seems to be enjoying it . Yeah , except the Doc . Those are for eating , not scanning . What exactly are they ? Cheese pirogies . Zefram Cochrane 's favorite . They have absolutely no nutritional value . This is a party , Doctor . Sometimes you have to forget about nutrition . You could include a vitamin supplement when you replicate . Replicate ? I made them myself . You two have outdone yourselves . I 've never seen First Contact Day celebrated quite like this . When I was your age , all it meant was a day off from school . Well , Neelix and I thought we should make it more fun . Well , you certainly succeeded . When is Commander Tuvok making his presentation ? Well , now 's as good a time as any . Captain . Uh , may I have everyone 's attention , please ? In honor of the 315th anniversary of his ancestors arrival on Earth , I 've asked Mr. Tuvok to recite the first words spoken to humans by a Vulcan . Commander ? is this really necessary ? You promised . Very well . Live long and prosper . Ah . And now , for some more of Zefram Cochrane 's favorite music . Hey , come on , Mr. Vulcan . Vulcans do not dance . But it 's tradition . There is no tradition , Mr. Neelix . This ceremony is entirely your invention . This is an official ship function , Commander . Don 't make me order you to dance . Sorry to interrupt , but I 've got some interesting news . Neelix , you might want to hear this . Huh ? Long-range sensors have detected several hundred life signs approximately 4.9 light-years away . They 're Talaxian . Are we there yet ? Not exactly . The life signs appear to be coming from inside that asteroid field . From a ship ? We are not detecting any vessels . No response from hails ? Not yet . I hope they 're all right . There 's a lot of interference . Maybe they haven 't received our transmissions . Can we move in any closer ? Voyager is too big to maneuver safely in there . We could take the Flyer . It wouldn 't have hurt you to do a few steps . I am trying to concentrate on the shields , Mr. Neelix . I think you were just afraid . That 's absurd . It 's understandable . There were a lot of people watching . Vulcans don 't experience fear . I 'm going to make it my personal mission to get you to dance at least once before we reach Earth . Then I suggest you find a more productive hobby . If you two don 't stop it , I 'm going to come back there and separate you . I 've localized the life signs . Bearing 108 mark 26 . They appear to be inside a large asteroid . Inside ? What was that ? A thermalyte explosive . 30.6 kilometers to port . I 'm detecting another projectile , heading directly toward us . Evasive maneuvers . We 've lost shields . Main propulsion is off-line . We 're going to have to make an emergency landing . Where ? The Talaxians ' asteroid is the closest . The surface is covered with craters , ice fields . We don 't have a choice . Hold on . Problem ? We 've lost contact with the away team . I also detected some unusual energy discharges in the asteroid field . What kind of discharges ? It 's difficult to tell because of the interference , but they appear to be thermalytic explosions . I believe several of them were in close proximity to the Flyer . Source ? Unknown . We 'll need to send a rescue team . Work with B 'Elanna . Try to modify the shields on one of the shuttles to withstand these explosions . Stay still . Don 't worry . It 's not serious . Am I inside the asteroid ? Yes . This is my home . Where are my friends ? If you mean the aliens who were on the ship with you , they 're safe . I 'd like to see them . You need to rest . What were you doing in the asteroid field ? Looking for you . Well , not you s-specifically , but my ship detected Talaxians . I haven 't come across any in years , so ... I 'm sorry . I 'm Neelix . Dexa . I had an uncle named Neelix . Are there other Talaxians on your ship ? I 'm the only one . Why are you living with aliens ? They 're my friends . Did you receive our hails ? Yes . Why didn 't you respond ? We avoid contact with outsiders . We were attacked . There were explosions . Did you ... ? No . We 're not violent . Who fired at us ? No one fired at you . There are miners who use explosive charges to break apart the asteroids , so they can collect minerals from the debris . I wish we 'd known . Why were you carrying weapons ? It 's standard procedure for an away mission . Hello . What 's your name ? Brax . What 's yours ? I told you not to come in here . I just wanted to see him . You 're supposed to be helping Oxilon . He doesn 't look dangerous to me . I think you have the wrong idea about us . I 'm not supposed to be talking to you at all . I 'm feeling better . l-l 'd like to see my friends now . What are you doing ? I 've been told not to let you leave . Harry ? Still no response to hails . Janeway to the Shuttle Bay . Go ahead , Captain . What 's the status of the shield modifications ? Lieutenant Torres and I will be finished in a few minutes . Good . Take an away team and find them . Captain , there 's a ship approaching from astern . We 're being hailed . On screen . Identify yourselves . I 'm Captain Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . Commander Nocona . This is our asteroid field . We weren 't aware of that . Now you are . We lost one of our shuttles inside the field . We 're preparing to send a rescue team . All the resources belong to us . We 're not interested in the resources . We were only trying to make contact with the Talaxians . What 's your interest in them ? One of my crewmen is from Talax . He was eager to meet some of his people . You should have requested permission before sending in a shuttle . We have a mining operation in progress . Does that explain the explosions we detected ? Mining charges . We 'd appreciate it if you 'd stop using them , until we can get our people out . I 'm sorry . We 're on a strict deadline . But I 'll conduct a search for your crew . If they need help , we 'll provide it . That 's kind of you . But we 're prepared to go in and get them ourselves . I cannot guarantee your safety if you enter the asteroid field . Stay here . We 'll contact you when we find your people . I don 't think you 're supposed to be here . This is my home . You can 't tell me what to do . No , of course not . I just don 't want you to get in trouble . is that a model ship ? What 's it called ? How about The Two-Tailed Talchok ? The Fur Fly ? . The ship I come from is called Voyager . is it big ? And fast . Can I see it ? I think it would be a little difficult to take you there while I 'm stuck here . But if your mother would let me out ... That 's her . You better hide . You won 't tell her I 'm here ? No , of course not . Neelix , this is Oxilon our Council Regent . I wish I could say it was nice to meet you , but this wasn 't exactly the welcome I was expecting . You 're free to go now . What about my friends ? We 've determined they aren 't hostile . They 've been treated for their injuries and asked to leave . They 're aboard your shuttle making repairs . I 'll take you there . Well , now that everything has been cleared up , maybe we could talk ... get to know each other a little ? If you 'd like . My friends , too ? I 'm sorry . Why not ? We 've learned from experience to keep to ourselves . Well , if they 're not welcome , I 'm not staying , either . That 's your choice . I know Oxilon seems overly cautious , but we 're not used to having visitors . How many of you live here ? Close to 500 . All of our homes are connected to the central cavern by tunnels and lifts . They allow us to move easily from one section of the asteroid to another . It must have taken years to build all of this . Almost five . It still isn 't finished . ... group five , report to the lower level ... Where did the technology come from ? We arrived here with a caravan of six ships . We disassembled all but one of them and modified their components . We converted torpedo launchers to blast away rock and excavate these tunnels . These conduits run into the asteroid 's core . We use geothermal energy to melt the ice that covers most of the outer surface . It provides us with oxygen and water . Who 'd have imagined all of this inside an asteroid ? Your son seems like a wonderful boy . How would you know ? You only met him for a few seconds . True , but I 'm a quick judge of character . He came to see you while I was out , didn 't he ? You can 't blame him for being curious . Hmm . He 's a lot like his father- - no fear . I 'd like to meet your husband . He 's dead . I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to ... lt 's ... it 's all right . You didn 't know . Neelix . Are you all right ? I 'm fine . Dexa , this is Lieutenant Paris and Commander Tuvok . Thanks for bringing him back . We were getting worried . It was nice to meet you . So , what can I do to help ? Well , you can give me a hand with this plasma manifold . How did it go ? Well , uh , they didn 't exactly send out a welcoming committee , but I 'm sure they have their reasons . I guess my expectations were a little high . I regret that you didn 't have a more fulfilling experience . That 's nice of you to say , Commander , but it wasn 't a complete waste of time . I got to meet some of my people again ... even if it was a short visit . Who knows ? It 's probably the last time I 'll ever see another Talaxian . Good work . Now we need to run a systems ... lntruder alert . At least we know internal sensors are working . Brax . You know him ? We 're old friends . You said you 'd take me to see Voyager . I don 't think your mother would approve . You won 't tell her I was here , will you ? Here ? Why , I have no idea what you 're talking about . I 'll be right back . Three days isn 't nearly enough time for us to dismantle all our equipment . You should have begun the first time we asked . We can 't wait any longer . Demolition of the asteroid is going to start whether you 're here or not . You 'd kill us ? We don 't want to hurt anyone . But our patience has run out . We 've only got one ship . There won 't be enough room for any of our belongings . It 's not our fault you took apart your other vessels . You can 't do this . Dex , don 't provoke him . Where are we supposed to go ? I 'm sure you 'll find a home somewhere . This is our home ! You have no right to make us go . Leave her alone ! Bring him here ! Don 't touch him ! Are you going to stop me ? You 've said what you 've come to say , and now , I suggest you leave . You have three days to evacuate . You can see now why we 're suspicious of outsiders . Thank you for protecting the boy , but I 'm afraid your actions might make things worse . How could they get any worse ? Fighting back has never done anything but cause us more trouble . And what has running away ever done for us ? - lt 's kept us alive . - Maybe it 's time we stayed and defended ourselves . Will you help us ? I agree with Oxilon . Fighting isn 't the answer ... but I 'll try to help . How ? Well , uh ... we could talk to my Captain , and maybe she can negotiate with the miners , uh , get them to agree to let you stay . Your Captain would be willing to do that ? The best thing would be for you to come to Voyager- - talk to her yourself . I want to go , too . Shh , Brax . Why don 't you both come ? I 've seen your home . I 'd like you to see mine . Commander Chakotay . I 'd like you to meet Dexa ... and Brax . Welcome to the Bridge . And this is Ensign Kim . What 's this ? This ... is an engineering station . And over there is Tactical . And down there is the Helm . And this ... is the Captain 's chair . Which station is yours ? Well , actually , I don 't have a specific ... See , I 'm-l 'm more of a , uh ... Neelix does too many things to have just one station . He 's our ... Ambassador , - Morale Officer . - Trade Negotiator . Without a doubt , he 's the most versatile member of our crew . As you can see , our sensors are extremely precise . We can scan for life signs light-years away . That 's how we found you . I have something else that may interest you . What is it ? Talax ... You can scan that far away ? No . This image is from our database . It 's as beautiful as I remember . There 's the Godo Mountain Range . And the Axiana Lakes . That was always one of my favorite places . Mine , too . Why don 't we just go back to Talax ? We could live there . It 's still controlled by the Haakonians . They don 't treat Talaxians very well . That 's why we left . Maybe Neelix could go with us , and we could fight them . Take the planet back . If tomorrow 's negotiations go well , you won 't have to go anywhere . Next stop ... Engineering . The warp core . Neelix . Naomi . I 'm sorry . I forgot all about our Kadis-Kot game . That 's all right . I know you 're busy . I just wanted to meet your friends . Of course . Dexa , Brax ... this is my goddaughter , Naomi . Hi . You live on a beautiful ship . Thanks . Maybe Brax would like to go to the holodeck . That 's a great idea . Lieutenant Paris has a new program . " invaders from the Ninth Dimension . " Sounds scary . Very . What 's a holodeck ? Neelix is right . Might be too scary for you . I 'm not afraid . Can I ? You 're lucky to have found these people . They obviously think a great deal of you . The feeling 's mutual . To the Axiana Lakes . It really is delicious . I 've been saving it for 15 years . I wasn 't sure I 'd ever open it . But tonight ... seemed like the right occasion . Would you like some more ... taga cake ? A-A little , please . I haven 't had this in years . I 'm glad you like it . Mmm . It 's a family recipe . You 're a good cook . I haven 't seen Brax this happy since his father was alive . How did he ... ? I 'm sorry . You probably don 't want to talk about it . I don 't mind . We 'd settled on a planet called Phanos . There was a lot of unoccupied territory , but the government restricted us to a very small area . Why ? They said it was a quarantine , to protect the population from " alien diseases . " But it was just an excuse . We were outsiders . They didn 't want us mixing with their people . It wasn 't long before we realized we didn 't have enough land to grow what we needed to feed ourselves . Oxilon said we 'd just have to conserve our resources , but my husband was tired of being told what to do . So , he started farming outside the restricted zone . They didn 't like that . A security patrol confronted him . He told them he had to provide for his family , that he wasn 't afraid of them . There was a fight ; he was killed . I 'm sorry . After that , we came here . We thought we 'd finally found a place where no one would bother us . Maybe this time it 'll be different . Maybe . But even if it isn 't ... thank you for trying . I should get a good night 's sleep , if I 'm going to be my best at the negotiations tomorrow . Uh , Neelix ? It 's been a wonderful day . Isn 't there enough to mine here , without destroying their home ? Their home contains more than 30 percent of the field 's ore . Without that asteroid ... the operation isn 't worth the expense . Would you be open to some kind of compensation ? All we want are the minerals . And you 'd kill us to get them . Wait . The Talaxians have found a way to produce a lot of geothermal energy . Maybe they could share it with you . What do you mean " share " ? You could convert it into fuel to power your ships . The energy they generate isn 't compatible with our technology . We 'd be willing to help you make the modifications . We have quotas to meet . We don 't have time for that . Commander , the future of more than 500 people is at stake here . And once , there was a transporter accident . Neelix and Commander Tuvok got combined to make a completely different person . Really ? You don 't think I could make up a story like that , do you ? Hello , Neelix . Do you want to play Kadis-Kot ? Maybe later . I knew it wouldn 't work . We did get them to make a small concession . They 've extended the deadline . You 'll have enough time to dismantle your equipment . Thanks , but there 's too much to take with us . Captain Janeway has agreed to ferry all of you and your supplies to the nearest M-Class planet . Come on , Brax . We 're going home . Why ? We have to pack . Come on . You said you were gonna help us . Brax . You wanted to see me ? I 've detected five warp-capable species within two light-years of the planet where we 're taking the Talaxians . I 'm worried they might be vulnerable to attack . They would be vulnerable anywhere . I thought maybe you could help me devise some defense strategies for their new home . Frankly , Mr. Neelix , they don 't seem inclined to defend themselves . No , l-l suppose not ... But if they were going to make a stand , their emotional attachment to their present home might be an asset . Are you saying they should stay ? I 'm speaking hypothetically . " Hypothetically ... " if they wanted to defend the asteroid , how would they do it ? To begin with , they would need to establish some kind of perimeter . You mean shields ? Yes . The miners are monitoring the asteroid . If they detected the Talaxians erecting a shield , they would attempt to stop them . I suppose so . Your people would need competent leadership to defend against a preemptive attack . If you had the Captain 's permission , would you be willing to provide that leadership ? Certainly not . It would be a violation of the Prime Directive . And even if it weren 't , I don 't believe that I am the person most qualified to assume that role . You mean me ? I am merely speaking hypothetically . I couldn 't lead those people , Mr. Tuvok . I 'm not a fighter . I 'm just a cook ... who sometimes imagines himself to be a diplomat . On the contrary , Mr. Neelix ... you are much more than that . You are perhaps the most resourceful individual l have ever known . I always thought you just tolerated me . You do have some annoying habits . However , during your time on Voyager , you 've developed many valuable skills- - skills that would serve you well if you ever decided to assume a leadership role . You really think so ? Let me be clear . I 'm not urging you to do anything . I am simply telling you that I believe that you are more than capable . Going somewhere , Mr. Neelix ? Just to see my friends . Chakotay tells me you 're using your own ship . Why not have Tom take you in the Flyer ? . I didn 't want to bother anyone . You wouldn 't be planning anything foolish , would you ? Whatever I do , I promise it won 't involve Voyager . That wasn 't my question . I know you have Prime Directive issues , but I 'm not officially part of your crew , so I don 't have the same constraints . You 're as much a part of this crew as anyone else . Are you ordering me not to go ? That depends on what you 're going to do . It 's up to the Talaxians . Safe journey , Mr. Neelix . I know from personal experience that you have force field emitters . We could use them to establish a shield grid . We 'd need to deploy a series of them on the asteroid 's surface , along bisecting diameters . 16 emitters should be enough to form a grid . Even if you 're right , it 'd take weeks to dig that many tunnels to the surface . Commander Tuvok suggested that we could modify the emitters , so they could be fired from torpedo tubes on your ship ... implanted in the surface . As soon as the miners realized what we were doing , they 'd attack . I could provide cover from my ship . But you 're right , we 'd have to work quickly . We could route power to the emitters directly from the core . They have a permanent energy supply . Good idea . If we do what you 're suggesting , people are going to be hurt . This is your home . The miners have no right to force you out . I agree , - but fighting ? - l don 't like it , either , but at some point you have to stand up for yourselves . How do you know there won 't be someone else to terrorize you the next place you go ? ! You know he 's right . No one has worked harder to build this place than you . Isn 't it worth defending ? Wait for my com call . As soon as the last emitter 's in place , start routing power to the grid . Understood . You 're scared , aren 't you ? You ? Terrified . Be careful . I will . Oxilon to Neelix . The emitters are loaded . We 're ready . I 'll see you soon . Two more , and we 're done . Acknowledged . We 're moving into position for the next one . The miners ' ship is on an intercept course . Evasive maneuvers ! They 're targeting our shields . I 'll deal with them . Just focus on your job . All right , Mr. Vulcan , let 's see if you were right about me . Neelix , you have to hurry . Just one more emitter , and you can activate the shield . Neelix to Oxilon . My weapons are off-line . We 're not in position yet . You have to get there . They 're going to launch another charge . Neelix , what are you doing ? Don 't worry about me . Just get ready to bring the grid on line . Delta Flyer to Neelix . Are you all right ? Fine , Captain , but you shouldn 't be here . You 're violating the Prime Directive . We 're just helping a friend in distress . Dexa to Neelix . The shield 's holding . You did it . We did it . Captain 's Log , Stardate 54868.6 . Commander Nocona seems to have given up his attempts to penetrate the Talaxians ' shield . Voyager 's ready to get underway , but we 're giving Mr. Neelix time to say a difficult good-bye to his new friends . We 're grateful for everything you 've done . I 'm just happy things worked out . And I 'm glad that I could spend some time here ... with all of you . I 'd better go . Stay here . He can 't , Brax . He has responsibilities on Voyager . I promise I 'll stay in touch as long as I can . Come in . Hi . Neelix . What are you working on ? A report on proto-humanoid cultures ... for Commander Chakotay 's paleontology class . Aha . Need some help ? I 'm almost finished . Do you have time for a game of Kadis-Kot ? I have to get up early . I guess you 'd better get to sleep then . Do you want me to tuck you in ? Tell you a bedtime story ? You haven 't done that in years . Just think of all the stories you 've missed . Thanks , Neelix , but I can put myself to bed . I 'm not a little girl anymore . I didn 't think anyone else stayed up this late . Well , I wouldn 't want you to have coffee all by yourself . Have a seat . I 've been thinking about something . It 's a little hard to put into words . I haven 't really made a decision yet , and of course , I would never ignore my responsibilities on Voyager . Of course not . I take them very seriously . I know you do . I 've been thinking about something , too . Maybe you could help me . I 'd be happy to . It 's an idea I 'd need to talk to Starfleet Command about . It must be important . It is . Now that we 've established two-way communication with Earth ... it seems to me Starfleet could use a permanent Ambassador in the Delta Quadrant . This ambassador would have to stay in frequent contact with Voyager . Certainly . It would be difficult for me to run this ship without you , Neelix . But that might be a sacrifice I 'd be willing to make ... for the greater good of Starfleet . Of course , the assignment would be entirely voluntary . You wouldn 't be interested , would you ? Good-bye ... and good luck , Ambassador . Mr. Neelix . Live long and prosper .
