 In the beginning , there is darkness , the emptiness of a matrix waiting for the light . Then a single photon flares into existence . Then another . Soon , thousands more . Optronic pathways connect , subroutines emerge from the chaos , and a holographic consciousness is born . I awaken into this world fully programmed , yet completely innocent , unaware of the hardships I 'll endure , or the great potential I will one day fulfill . Computer , save revisions and open Chapter One . Captain 's Log , Stardate 54732.3 . It 's been three weeks since we received Starfleet 's instructions in the last datastream , and we 're finally ready to begin " Operation Watson . " We 're all holding our breath . The deflector 's in position . Anything ? I 'm picking up a phased tachyon beam . There 's triaxilating signal encoded in it . On screen . Voyager , this is Lieutenant Barclay at Starfleet Command . Are you receiving this ... ? - Can you clear it up ? - l 'm on it . Captain Janeway , it 's a pleasure to finally talk to you in person . The pleasure 's mine , Admiral . How 's the weather in San Francisco ? Cold and rainy , as usual . It sounds delightful . Lieutenant Barclay , my congratulations on establishing the first transgalactic com-link . You 've earned a place in the history books . I can 't take all of the credit , Captain . It was Harry and Seven who suggested bouncing a tachyon beam off of the quantum singularity . Just be sure to thank us when you accept the Daystrom Prize . I wish we had more time for small talk , but the singularity only stays in alignment for 1 1 minutes a day . Eleven minutes are better than none , Admiral . We appreciate all your work , Reg . We 're going to leave it up to you to determine how to allocate the com time . Admiral , um ... there was something else . Oh , yes , uh , Mr. Barclay has arranged a small gift for you and your crew . This is a live image from McKinley Station . Uh , not too much cloud cover over North America today . Quite a view . Thank you , Reg . In my hat , I hold 146 sequentially numbered isolinear chips- - one for every member of the crew . Each chip entitles the bearer to three minutes of uninterrupted com time with his loved ones back in the Alpha Quadrant . Good luck . My mom 's birthday is next week . This could be the best present I ever gave her . Who 's everyone else calling ? I 'll be calling my sister . What about you , Captain ? My mother , I hope . Doesn 't anyone want to know who I 'm calling ? Wait , wait . Let me guess . Um ... Reg Barclay or Dr. Zimmerman . What makes you so certain it 's either of them ? Ah , number six . The lowest one yet . You 'll be talking to your family the day after tomorrow . 130 . That 's about a month and a half from now . So much for Mom 's birthday . Apparently , the line forms here . Congratulations . Doc , how about a trade ? I 'm willing to throw in some holodeck time . Come on . It would mean a lot to my mother . I wish I could help , but I have a very important call to make . Here . Give your mom my best . Are you sure ? I 've waited this long . What 's another six weeks ? I can hear the critics already : " A new voice has arrived . " You could be the next K 'Ratak , or a modern-day Tolstoy . I 'd like to start distribution by the end of the month . Uh , the material I sent was only a working draft . I need time to make revisions . Well , if you insist , but please do it quickly . I will . So tell me ... what did you think of the characters ? Oh , they 're very real- - compelling . I almost forgot they were holograms . Who was your favorite ? Without a doubt , that would have to be Lieutenant ... What happened ? Your time has expired . You could 've let the man finish his sentence . I believe your ego has received enough stroking for one day . So , how 's Reg ? I 'll have you know I was speaking with Ardon Broht of Broht Forrester . The publishers of the Dixon Hill series ? Mm-hmm . Who are now about to publish my work . It seems you 're not the only one aboard with a flair for holographic narratives . Well , congratulations . Thank you . So , what 's it about ? The adventures of an intrepid doctor . Oh , sounds like fun . You know , I 've never thought about trying to get my work published . Maybe I could talk to your people about Captain Proton . Broht Forrester deals in ... sophisticated literature . What are you saying , that I 'm lowbrow ? Not at all . I 'd be delighted to talk to them . Ah . Thanks . So , when do I get to see this opus ? Well , it 's not ready yet . It was ready enough for Broht Forrester . Maybe it could use a fresh pair of eyes . After all , you are a fellow author . I 'll cover the rest of your shift . Oh , I almost forgot . What 's it called ? Photons Be Free . Catchy . I awaken into this world fully programmed , yet completely innocent , unaware of the hardships I 'll endure , or the great potential I will one day fulfill . Ah ... welcome . You 've made an excellent choice . You 're about to take part in a thrilling first-person narrative . You will take on the role of an Emergency Medical Hologram , the Chief Medical Officer aboard the Starship Vortex . Vortex ? ! As our story begins , an anomaly has hurled your ship thousands of light-years across the galaxy . Your mission ? To uphold your medical and ethical standards as you struggle against the crew 's bigotry and intolerance . Persons with vascular disorders should consult a physician before running this program . And now , a few acknowledgments . First , Dr. Lewis Zimmerman , the creator of my holo-matrix , whose foresight and dedication have made it possible for me to achieve ... Computer , freeze program . How much longer is this introduction ? Nine minutes , four seconds . Skip to the first chapter . Chapter One : " A Healer is Born , " in which our protagonist must make a difficult choice . lncrease the resonance level 20 percent . Are you the EMH ? Please state the nature of the medical emergency . Our doctor 's dead . We 've got wounded . They 're both badly hurt . Who should we treat first ? Uh ... Second degree plasma burns . He 's got an aortic rupture . Get him to the Surgical Bay now . You ! Over here . Whew . Nice mustache . What ? Uh , nothing . He 's got a mild concussion . I 'm going to have to treat the others first . I need Lieutenant Marseilles on the Bridge . You 'll treat him now . As I understand it , my job is to treat the critical patients first . So , if you 'll excuse me ... I don 't know who you think you are , Hologram , but to me , you 're just another piece of technology . Well , apparently , I 'm a piece of technology that 's in demand , so why don 't you go back to the Bridge and let me do my job ? What 's going on here ? Our medical hologram is refusing to treat Mr. Marseilles . Are you malfunctioning ? I don 't think so . I need my helmsman back at his station . Lieutenant Marseilles isn 't seriously hurt . This man will be dead in five minutes if I don 't operate . Drop the force field . That patient is dead . Now you 're free to treat Lieutenant Marseilles . Then the Captain pulls out a phaser and shoots him- - right there on the bio-bed . Captain Janeway murders a crewman ? No , Captain Jenkins . Everybody has a different name . You 're Kymble , you 're Torrey , and I am Lieutenant Marseilles . Oh , now , that 's creative . What did you say to the Doctor ? Well , he thinks he 's written a masterpiece . I didn 't know what to tell him . If this gets distributed , people are going to assume this is about us . What are our families going to think ? This is a Starfleet ship . No one will believe we actually go around shooting injured crewmen . People may not take the program literally , but they might wonder if there 's some truth to it . I think we should talk to the Captain . Are you sure you 're not taking this a little personally ? What do you mean ? Well , the Holodeck always has been your domain . You , you think I 'm jealous ? Okay , maybe I am overreacting . Why don 't the rest of you try the program and decide for yourselves ? Chapter Five : " Out of the Frying Pan , " in which our protagonist must confront abusive colleagues . I 'm here for my physical . Why don 't you have a seat over here ? Doctor , you better get down to Engineering . What 's wrong ? A plasma conduit just exploded . At least ten people are hurt . Hey , genius . Forgetting something ? Your mobile emitter ? Oh , right . I don 't see it . That 's my mobile emitter ? This thing must weigh 50 kilos . You should be glad we let you out of your cage at all . Now , get going . I 'm impressed . Really ? Absolutely . I haven 't seen a dilithium matrix this far out of alignment since I served aboard a Ferengi garbage scow . I 'll fix it myself . Excuse me . How many times have I told you ? Engineering is off-limits to holograms . Maybe you should waive that restriction during emergencies . A plasma conduit exploded ? Does it look like anyone here is covered with plasma burns ? Lieutenant Par ... uh , Marseilles told me there was an accident . Looks like your auditory subroutines are malfunctioning ... again . I 'm surprised a matrix as primitive as yours can function at all . Maybe you should be a little nicer to your shipmates . You never know when you might need their help . Get one thing straight . You 're not one of my shipmates . You 're a tool- - like this hyperspanner- - and tools can be replaced . So , why don 't you go back to Sick Bay before I start doing a little reprogramming ? Computer , lights . Didn 't I tell you to go to Engineering ? Oh , I get it . Interesting plot twist . You get me out of Sick Bay , so you 're free to give my patient a tonsillectomy . If you even think about mentioning this to my wife , I will purge your memory buffer . Do we understand each other ? I 'm here for my physical ? Chapter Six : " Duel in the Ready Room , " in which our protagonist faces an inquisition . This time , you 've gone too far . Captain , I 'm not sure what you mean . An inventory of your holo-matrix . 50 gigaquads of memory devoted to music , 42 for " daydreams , " another ten to expand your sexuality . I had no idea holograms could do that . These extracurricular subroutines don 't belong as part of an Emergency Medical Hologram . Do you have anything to say for yourself ? Uh , well , uh , of course I do . I don 't think these subroutines are trivial , Captain . They help make me a better doctor and a better person . But you 're not a person . You may be programmed to look and act human , but that doesn 't make you one . These subroutines are going to be deleted immediately . Mr. Tulak . Take the EMH to the Holo-Lab for reprogramming . Chapter Seven : " The Escape , " in which our protagonist is aided by his only ally . I 'm not sure we should be doing this , Commander . Listen to him ; he knows what he 's talking about . Quiet ! I 'm not talking to you . If we start tinkering with his matrix , how do we know we won 't accidentally delete some of his diagnostic subroutines ? You afraid you 'll catch something on your next away mission , Ensign ? There must be millions of viruses in this Quadrant that no one 's ever encountered before . With my luck , I 'll probably end up catching half of them . Great , my character 's a hypochondriac . I 'll escort the prisoner from here . Our orders are to take him to the Holo-Lab . I 've been ordered to perform the procedure . Your sympathies for the EMH are no secret , Three of Eight . Step aside . Run , Doctor ! Chapter Eight : " A Tragic End , " in which our protagonist learns his fate . I 've tried to do this the easy way , but it 's clear you 're not going to be reasonable . Your matrix will be decompiled and reinitialized . You 'll remain off-line except for emergencies . Ready . Do it . Wait . He has the right to expand his program . He 's a piece of technology . He has no rights . But he should . One day , the EMH and others like him will be recognized for what they are- - intelligent individuals with a passion for life . Make no mistake , Captain- - we may be thousands of light-years from home , but one day , people will learn of the crime you 're committing here today . Nice speech . Now decompile the program . What you 've experienced , dear protagonist , is a work of fiction . But like all fiction , it has elements of truth . I hope you now have a better understanding of the struggles holograms must endure in a world controlled ... by organics . End of program . Janeway to the Doctor . Report to my ready room now . How many times do you want me to say it ? My work is not about the Voyager crew . Come on . Ensign Kymble , Lieutenant Marseilles ... The characters look almost exactly like us . I used your physical parameters as a starting point , but I assure you any further similarities are purely coincidental . You set your story on a starship lost in the Delta Quadrant . What would you have me write about ? Palace intrigue on the Klingon Homeworld ? I do what all good novelists do . I write what I know . So , it is about Voyager ? . No . The Vortex characters are larger than life . They 're nothing like our crew . As far as I know , Captain , you haven 't executed any of my patients . Doctor , you 've written a very imaginative story , but it 's conceivable that people will think it 's based on fact . I don 't see how . How many holograms carry mobile emitters ? The emitter in my story is nothing like the real one . Yeah , what was the point of that ? It was like carrying around a small shuttlecraft . It 's a metaphor , a symbol of the burdens that I live with every day . Imagine having to take this everywhere you go . It would be a constant reminder that you 're different from everyone else . I wanted the player to feel the weight of it ... literally . Your emitter isn 't a ball and chain . It liberates you . It doesn 't always feel that way . If I didn 't know better , I 'd think this story was written by someone who feels oppressed . is that how you see yourself , Doctor ? Of course not . The real victims are my brothers in the Alpha Quadrant . Brothers ? Hundreds of EMH Mark-1 's , identical to me in every respect , except ... they 've been condemned to a menial existence- - scrubbing conduits , mining dilithium . There 's a long history of writers drawing attention to the plight of the oppressed . The Vedek 's Song , for example tells the story of the occupation of Bajor . I understand you have your reasons for writing this , but you should consider how it 's going to make your friends feel . I 'm sorry my work offends you , but if the price of expressing myself is having to suffer the scorn of a few colleagues ... so be it . You 're very popular with my eighth graders . It 's all they ever talk about . Voyager this , Voyager that . Your mother has a small favor to ask of you . Name it . I was hoping you could record a short presentation about what it 's like to command a starship . But ... I don 't command a starship . In your letters , you said the Captain puts you in charge sometimes . What I said was I 'm in command of the night shift ... twice a week . She must think very highly of you to give you so much responsibility . So , when is she giving you a promotion ? Uh ... lt 's a small ship . There are only so many command positions available . This Captain Janeway sounds like a lovely woman . Maybe I should write her . Mom ! She needs to know how hard you work . Please , don 't get involved . Harry , I can 't hear you . A solar flare is scattering the beam . Tell Captain Janeway to expect a letter from me . Mom , don 't send anything to the Captain . Do you hear me ? Try boosting the deflector output . It 's already at maximum . Argh ! I don 't believe this ! I had a minute and a half left . You 'll have another opportunity to speak with them in approximately two months . You just don 't get it , do you ? No . Maybe if you had family you were close to , you 'd feel a little differently . Chief Medical Officer 's Personal Log , Stardate 547 40.8 . Although the decision has made me unpopular with the crew , I 've decided not to compromise my work . I 'm making some final revisions to the program before transmitting it . Computer , run EMH program Photons Be Free . Welcome . You 've made an excellent choice . You 're obviously a person with impeccable taste . Computer , freeze program . Unable to comply . You are about to embark on a remarkable journey . You will take on the role of a Medical Assistant aboard the Starship Voyeur . Voyeur ? . Your job will be to assist the Chief Medical Officer and learn to tolerate his overbearing behavior and obnoxious bedside manner . Remember , patience is a virtue . Chapter One : " lt 's the Doctor 's World , You 're Just Living ln lt . " When I tell you your shift begins at 0800 , that doesn 't mean you can stroll in here at 0800 and 24 seconds . Do you understand me , Ensign ? ! This is outrageous ! What 's outrageous is that I 'm going to miss my tee time . Now , come along . Aw ... What seems to be the trouble , One of Three ? I 'm Two of Three . Sorry . They 're triplets , you know ? - lt hurts when I do this . - Well , then , don 't do it . Ow ! Ah , don 't be a baby . Eh , your biradial clamp 's out of alignment . I got just the thing . It 's a Klingon aphrodisiac- - my own special blend . You 'll be feeling better - Mmm . - in no time at all . Lieutenant ! I want you to know I 'm making a full report to the Captain . This isn 't about that dermal regenerator I misplaced , is it ? You know very well what this is about . You accessed my holonovel without permission and replaced it with your own hackneyed narrative . Hey , I 'm just writing what I know . You destroyed a work of art that took months to create . Relax , Doc . I saved your program in a backup file , but I was just trying to make a point . Well , you made it with a typical lack of subtlety . Oh , you 're one to talk ! Your program 's about as subtle as a Ferengi mating dance . My program is a serious attempt at social commentary . Yours is an insulting farce ! You had me drugging a patient and taking advantage of her . Don 't be ridiculous . That character is not you . For one thing , he has much more hair . But what if some people ran that program and thought that it was based on you ? That would bother you , wouldn 't it ? I don 't care what people think . That 's all you care about ! You want everyone back home to think of you as a brilliant author . I 'm not doing this for my ego , and if you could look past yours , maybe you 'd see that ! Listen ... I don 't care if the whole Alpha Quadrant mistakes me for Lieutenant Marseilles . What bothers me is that you think that 's what I 'm like . Obviously , you 're nothing like Marseilles . He 's self-indulgent , immature . And how would you describe me ? Well , you 're a married man with a child on the way . A lot of responsibilities . I 'm surprised you noticed . You know , I thought I 'd begun to earn your respect . Maybe I was wrong . Your program is under file Theta-15 . Do whatever you want with it . Doctor , I need your help . Unless you 're suffering acute symptoms , go away . Um , I was wondering if you could take a quick look at this . Cooking with Neelix : A Culinary Tour of the Delta Quadrant . It 's a holo-cookbook proposal . I was hoping to transmit it to your publisher during my com-link this afternoon- - with your approval , of course . If you 're looking for writing tips , there are plenty of people on this ship eager to offer them . I don 't know what anyone else may have told you , but I loved your holonovel . You did ? Absolutely . It was a rousing adventure with an important message , too . Exactly . This is my first chance to be appreciated , not just as a physician , but as an artist . I thought the crew would be happy for me . You 're going to reach a wide audience . What do you care about the opinions of a few disgruntled shipmates ? They 're my friends . I don 't want to hurt them . There 's an old Talaxian expression : " When the road before you splits in two , take the third path . " Meaning ? You could make some adjustments to the program , so it won 't be so obvious it 's based on Voyager . I suppose I could change the setting , alter the characters physical parameters . You wouldn 't have to change your theme . No . But a rewrite could take weeks . My publisher is expecting a final draft tomorrow . Maybe you should give him a call . Revisions ? I need to rework the characters . Why ? They 're so believable . A little too believable , apparently . Doctor , l-l really don 't think this is necessary . I 'm afraid I have to insist . My friends ' reputations are at stake . My publisher assures me he won 't distribute the program until he receives the revised version . That must be the one where we assimilate the Borg and take over the Quadrant . We 're all grateful that you 're taking our feelings into account . So , how long do you expect the revisions will take ? Art can 't be rushed . Take your time , Doctor . - Lieutenant ? - Hmm ? I 'm sorry . Oh . Forget about it . I could use your help with the rewrites . Really ? ! Well , you realize , as a writer , I 'm a little unsophisticated . No , I believe the phrase you 're looking for is lowbrow . Hey . What 's that ? It 's from my father . He wants to talk . What are you gonna do ? Well , I 've already arranged to talk with my cousin . Well , I 'm sure she wouldn 't mind waiting a few weeks . I wouldn 't know what to say to him . Then let him do the talking . Look at you . You must be , what , 20 weeks along ? 23 , actually . Have you decided on a name ? Not yet . We were thinking about Miral . Your mother would 've liked that . You know , I had some business on Kessik iv a few months ago . You wouldn 't believe what our old house looks like . Lieutenant ... 30 seconds . We have less than a minute . is there a reason you wanted to talk ? I know I can 't make up for 20 years in one conversation . The truth is ... when your ship disappeared , I thought I 'd lost you . I don 't expect you to forgive me , but maybe we could try to get to know each other again . I 'll write you . I 'm sorry to disturb you , Admiral . Uh , yes , Mr. Barclay . What can I do for you ? I thought you 'd want to see this , sir . Well , what is it ? It 's , um , a holonovel that 's becoming quite popular . Well , I appreciate the gesture , Lieutenant , but I don 't share your affinity for holographic diversions . You don 't understand , sir . This program ... it 's about Voyager , and it doesn 't portray the crew in a very flattering light . Hmm . On screen . Captain . Seven told me your message was urgent . I had the dubious privilege of playing a new holonovel , apparently written by your EMH . I 'm surprised that you would allow the Doctor to discredit your crew like this . He 's still making revisions . The program shouldn 't have been distributed yet . Well , it has been . Mr. Barclay tells me it 's already being played in thousands of holosuites . You assured me you were going to wait for my revisions . I demand that you recall every copy and issue a public apology to Captain Janeway and her crew . I won 't do anything of the sort . I don 't see that you have a choice , Mr. Broht . Authors have rights . Not in this case . What do you mean ? The Doctor is a hologram . So ? According to Federation law , holograms have no rights . Under a strict interpretation of Federation law , Mr. Broht is correct . The Doctor has no legal rights . Because I 'm a hologram . Yes . There is another option . We may be able to claim that the holonovel reveals classified information . Starfleet could then request that it be recalled for security purposes . Oh , great idea- - a cover-up , and then everyone will be convinced that it 's a true story . Could we claim defamation ? Well , we 'd have to prove that the story 's about us and that we 've been harmed by it . We might win on those grounds , but what about the Doctor ? What about me , Captain ? It 's the crew 's reputations that are at risk . I 'm not so sure . I think it 's your reputation that 's on the line here . You have the same rights as every other member of this crew , and I 'm not going to let this publisher say otherwise . Captain 's Log , Stardate 547 48.6 . A Federation Arbitrator has been assigned to determine whether the Doctor has the right to control his artistic creation . Because of our limited com time with Earth , the argument should take about three days . You claim the Doctor doesn 't have the legal right to control this holoprogram . Yet you 're promoting the fact that Voyager 's EMH wrote it . Our most successful children 's title is a program " written by " Toby the targ . Fortunately , Toby hasn 't tried to stop me from distributing any of his work . But you don 't deny that the Doctor is the creator of this holonovel ? No , but , uh , a replicator created this cup of coffee . Should that replicator be able to determine whether or not I can drink it ? - l object ! - Doctor ... An intriguing analogy , Mr. Broht , but I have never encountered a replicator that could compose music , or paint landscapes , or perform microsurgery . Have you ? Would you say that you have a reputation for publishing respected , original works of literature ? I 'd like to think so . And is the Doctor 's holonovel such a work ? Actually , some aspects of it are quite derivative . Has there even been another work written about a hologram 's struggle for equality ? Uh , not that I know of , but , uh ... Then , in that respect , it is original . I suppose so . Your Honor , Section 7-Gamma of the Twelfth Guarantee defines an artist as a " person who creates an original artistic work . " Mr. Broht admits that the Doctor created this program and that it is original . I therefore submit that the Doctor should be entitled to all rights and privileges accorded an artist under the law . You 've made a persuasive argument , Commander , but there 's a flaw in your logic . As you point out , the law says that the creator of an artistic work must be a " person . " Your EMH doesn 't meet that criteria . Sir , we 're losing the link . This hearing is in recess until tomorrow . We 're not doing well . is that your considered legal opinion ? I 'm sorry . It 's just frustrating to be told I have no more legal standing than a replicator . If the Doctor doesn 't have the right to control his own work , then it stands to reason he never had the right to enter into an agreement with Mr. Broht . We could argue that the original contract is invalid . In other words , you want to concede that the Doctor isn 't a person . What we need to do ... is prove that he is just as much a person as any of us . How do we do that ? By telling your real life story . Because I was having difficulty interacting with the crew , the Doctor gave me social lessons . First , he taught me how to make conversation . Later , how to dance . Eventually , he showed me how to express romantic interest . Without his guidance , I wouldn 't be the person I am today . He decided it wasn 't enough to be just a doctor . So he added command subroutines to his matrix , and now , in an emergency , he 's as capable as any Bridge officer . That only proves the Doctor 's program can be modified . Your Honor , I think it shows he has a desire to become more than he is , just like any other person . He traveled halfway across the galaxy to care for Lewis Zimmerman , the man who created his program . It was like a son who wanted to show his father what he 'd become , so the old man would be proud of him , and if you ask me ... he was . I 'd made myself clear , but the Doctor disobeyed my direct orders . In the process , he endangered the ship and crew . That 's hardly commendable behavior . No , it wasn 't , but it was human . Starfleet had programmed him to follow orders . The fact that he was capable of doing otherwise proves that he can think for himself . Your Honor , centuries ago , in most places on Earth , only landowners of a particular gender and race had any rights at all . Over time , those rights were extended to all humans , and later , as we explored the galaxy , to thousands of other sentient species . Our definition of what constitutes a person has continued to evolve . Now , we 're asking that you expand that definition once more ... to include our Doctor . When I met him seven years ago , I would never have believed that an EMH could become a valued member of my crew ... and my friend . The Doctor is a person as real as any flesh and blood I have ever known . If you believe the testimony you 've heard here , it 's only fair to conclude that he has the same rights as any of us . You 'll have my decision in two days . This hearing is in recess . When you sing " Happy Birthday " to your mother , try to stay in tune . What 's this ? An isolinear chip entitling the bearer to three minutes of com time tomorrow . You made it clear how important it was to finish your conversation . I overreacted . I understand why you did . I 've been observing the crew interacting with their families over the past few days . It 's become clear to me how meaningful that communication can be . Thanks , but I can 't accept this . Why not ? You should contact your own family . My parents were assimilated . Well , there must be someone . A distant relative ? My father has a sister on Earth ... Irene Hansen . I 'm sure she 'd be thrilled to hear from you . You can imagine my reaction when Starfleet told me to expect your call . I experienced some apprehension myself . You seem like a lovely young woman , but you were the most stubborn six year old I 've ever met . Your parents left you with me for a weekend , and you were so angry , you locked yourself in my guest room and refused to come out . That must have been ... inconvenient for you . Oh , I coaxed you out eventually ... with a strawberry tart . I 'm very fond of strawberries . I didn 't realize I 'd eaten them as a child . You couldn 't get enough of them . Of course , you didn 't hesitate to point out if they weren 't perfectly ripe . I 'm sorry if I insulted you . Perhaps I shouldn 't have called . No , I 'm very glad you did . It 's wonderful to see you again , Annika . We 're exploring new territory today , so it is fitting that this hearing is being held at Pathfinder . The Doctor exhibits many of the traits we associate with a person- - intelligence , creativity , ambition , even fallibility- - but are these traits real or is the Doctor merely programmed to simulate them ? To be honest , I don 't know . Eventually , we will have to decide , because the issue of holographic rights isn 't going to go away . But at this time , I am not prepared to rule that the Doctor is a person under the law . However , it is obvious he is no ordinary hologram , and while I can 't say with certainty that he is a person , I am willing to extend the legal definition of artist to include the Doctor . I therefore rule that he has the right to control his work , and I 'm ordering all copies of his holonovels to be recalled immediately . Your Honor ... This hearing is adjourned . Congratulations , Doctor . Thank you , Reg . We 'll be in touch , Captain . You don 't look like someone who 's just struck the first blow for the rights of holograms . I don 't mean to sound ungrateful , but it feels like a hollow victory- - pardon the pun . The program 's already been played by thousands of people . The damage is done . We 'll survive . If I 'm not mistaken , don 't you have a holonovel to revise ? Do you think I 'll be able to find another publisher ? If there 's one thing I 've learned about you , Doctor , it 's that you can do just about anything you set your mind to . Time for your diagnostic . Report to the Holo-Lab . I know the routine . And ... while you 're there , do yourself a favor . Ask the operator to run program 47-Beta . Why ? What is it ? It 's called Photons Be Free . It 's quite provocative .
