 This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Starship Voyager . We 're responding to your distress call . A ruptured conduit is flooding my ship with plasma radiation . We request immediate transport . I 'm detecting 1 1 life-signs ; two are weak . Transport the injured to Sick Bay and the rest to Cargo Bay 1 . I want security teams at both locations . Our weapons ! They 'll be returned to you when you leave . These are dangerous criminals . They have to be secured . We 'll do our best to accommodate you . I had eight men in custody . Where are the other two ? We 're not going to hurt you . Stay away , or I 'll kill her ! I 'm sure we can resolve this without resorting to violence . What is it you want ? A ship , some food . I might be able to arrange that , but you 'll have to release her first . I 'm not a fool . You know I 'll do it ! Tell them . You 're not getting off this ship . If you release her , I promise you won 't be harmed . Not until I get a ship . We don 't negotiate with criminals . Who are you ? Warden Yediq of the Nygean Detention Force . This man is my prisoner . If that were true , he wouldn 't be holding my friend hostage . Get back ! I 'm a hologram . I can 't be harmed . I think you proved my point . We 're lucky you came along , Captain . Ten more minutes and none of us would have survived the plasma leak . Your vessel was equipped with escape pods . Why didn 't you use them ? I couldn 't risk letting any of the prisoners get away . As you 've seen , they 're extremely dangerous . Where are you taking them ? Back to our homeworld . They 're due to be executed . What were their crimes ? All eight are murderers . Three are multiple offenders . We 're just 13 light-years from our system . I 'd appreciate it if you 'd take us back there . Actually , we were headed in the opposite direction . I could arrange for one of our ships to rendezvous with Voyager . It 'll take several days . My prisoners will have to be strictly monitored . Commander Tuvok will help you make arrangements . Some of the crew may not be comfortable helping to deliver eight men to their deaths . I can 't say I like it , either ... but we have a Prime Directive to follow . 30 more seconds , and I could have resolved the situation peacefully . Instead , you and " Tuvok the Kid " had to take matters into your own hands . You 're damaged . Commander Tuvok 's friendly fire must have caused a feedback surge in my emitters . I 'll help you repair it . How are you ? Fine , Captain . You ! This your ship ? Yes . Then let me out . I 'm afraid I can 't do that . If you don 't , I 'll kill you all . Janeway to Tuvok . Are the prisoners accommodations ready ? Affirmative , Captain . Then by all means , initiate transport . You 're sure these will hold them ? The force fields are impenetrable , as are the tritanium bulkheads . In addition to your staff , two Voyager security officers will remain here at all times . Two more will be posted at the entrance to the cargo bay . What about our weapons ? You 'll be allowed to carry them in this area only . If you leave the cargo bay , you 'll be asked to surrender them . What 's this ? Dinner . Since you can 't bring the prisoners to the Mess Hall , I brought the Mess Hall to them . What is it ? Talaxian Spice Stew served over leola rice pilaf . It 's an old family recipe . Take it back . Too spicy ? These men don 't deserve such an elaborate meal . Take it back . Federation guidelines are quite clear about the treatment of prisoners . He is correct . I can quote the protocols , if you like . My men will assist you . Thanks for standing up to Yediq . Just doing my job . Still , it was kind . This would be easier if you would remain stationary . It doesn 't feel right . You may experience unusual sensations while your matrix realigns . I was referring to the " arrangement " the Captain 's made with the Nygeans . No matter how terrible the crimes these men committed , it seems wrong to hand them over to be executed . This is a Federation starship , not the Barge of the Dead . Would you have preferred the Captain release them ? Of course not . They 're dangerous men . Executing them ensures they 'll never pose a threat to anyone again . So would life sentences ... the operative word being " life . " Confining them for life requires significant resources . The Nygeans may not think it worthwhile . What about rehabilitation ? Given the chance , some of these men might become productive members of society one day . Their victims won 't have the same opportunity . And that justifies taking their lives ? An eye for an eye ? It 's not justice , it 's revenge . Quite frankly , I 'm surprised you 're not troubled by such a barbaric system . I 'm simply being objective . You often encourage me to see both sides of an argument . Well ... this is one occasion when my programming won 't allow me to be objective . Killing is wrong , no matter who 's doing it . Still hungry ? I can hear your stomach from here . This must be the first time in a month you couldn 't steal poor Egrid 's meal . Good , isn 't it ? Mm-hmm . is there a problem ? Iko was just telling me , he didn 't get enough to eat . I see . Cause another disturbance and I 'll see to it you 're not fed the rest of this journey . Do you understand ? Boche and Ledara ... What did you say ? Your children . How did you know that ? Are you sure they 're safe ? Some people don 't understand why we deal so harshly with men like you . It 's because you never learn . Stand down ! Stand down ! He needs to be disciplined . Lower your weapons and step away . Our response was justified . How do you justify beating a defenseless man ? Violence is the only thing he understands . You seem to have a pretty good grasp of it yourself . Do not presume to tell me how to handle my prisoners , Captain . You don 't know Iko like I do . He killed a young father for no reason . Before that , he committed dozens of violent crimes . He 's spent his entire life hurting people . That doesn 't excuse what you did to him . Until your transport vessel gets here , you and your men won 't be allowed in the cargo bay . You 're in charge of the prisoners . Aye , Captain . They 're my responsibility . Not as long as you 're aboard my ship . I won 't risk any more violence . The only risk will be to your crew . Commander Tuvok isn 't qualified to guard prisoners this dangerous . Tuvok has been a Starfleet Security Officer for a very long time . Believe me , he 's qualified . I hope you 're right . You remember Mr. Iko . Vividly . The Nygeans decided to make an example of him . Did you call me here to make a point about Nygean barbarity ? I called you here because I need your help to save his life . He sustained a severe blow to the head , which has caused severe edema in his parietal lobe . It 's blocking vital neurotransmitters . I 'd like to program some of your nanoprobes to bypass the edema . I 'll comply . I sense a " but " coming . It seems inefficient to save the life of someone who 's about to be executed . If the Nygeans insist on killing him , there isn 't much I can do about it , but I won 't let them do it on Voyager . I didn 't expect to see you back so soon . Ordinarily , we 're lucky to get one meal a day . That 's terrible . Yediq likes to keep us hungry . Less talk . We 're hungry ! You 're wondering why I 'm here . Excuse me ? You 're wondering what I did to end up with men like them . You killed someone ? That 's right . Why ? Because I 'm Benkaran . What does that have to do with it ? It 's common knowledge that all Benkarans are criminals , so when I was found in the vicinity of a murder , I was immediately arrested . Are you saying you didn 't do it ? I told you , I 'm Benkaran . What I say doesn 't matter . You suffered severe neurological trauma , but I believe we 've repaired the damage . Thank you . Don 't thank me . Thank Seven of Nine . She donated the nanoprobes that saved your life . Oh , my head . The pain is normal . I 'll prepare an analgesic . You 're not afraid of me . There 's no reason to fear someone in your condition . You were never afraid of me , not even when I tried to kill you . It 's nice to look into someone 's eyes and not see fear . Do you have to be a criminal to get something to eat around here ? Sorry . Dinner will be ready in 15 minutes . You said that 15 minutes ago . Did you know the Nygeans govern a sector of space occupied by several different humanoid species ? If we say yes , will you feed us ? One of those species is the Benkarans . They occupy just ten percent of Nygean space , but take up nearly 80 percent of the space in Nygean prisons . Maybe they commit more crimes . Not according to Joleg , one of the prisoners . You think he was given a harsher sentence because of his species ? According to this , Benkarans are ten times more likely to be executed for their crimes than Nygeans . Where 'd you get that ? I contacted the Nygean government . Told them I was interested in a cultural exchange . Among other things , they let me access data on their criminal justice system . It all supports what Joleg told me . Neelix ... I know what you 're thinking . That you 're the softest touch in the Delta Quadrant . These are the transcripts from Joleg 's trial . He was convicted on circumstantial evidence . Let me guess . He was in the wrong place at the wrong time . Apparently . Neelix , when I was in the Federation penal colony , everybody had a story . I never put much stock in them . Neither should you . How many of those people were sentenced to die ? I still don 't understand . Why weren 't you hurt ? Because my matrix is photonic . I 'm made of light . You wanted to see me ? I 'll be with you in just a moment . You don 't feel pain ? Well , I suppose my pride has been wounded on occasion . I wish I was made of light . Try to rest . Mr. Iko responded so well to the first dose of nanoprobes , I thought a second might improve his condition further . It 'll only take a moment to extract them . You and Mr. Iko seem to be getting along well . It 's the strangest thing . When he first arrived , he was crude , abusive . Now he 's a model patient- - grateful , considerate . He 's obviously an unstable individual . inconsistent behavior is hardly surprising . Still , if it weren 't for the security detail I 'd forget he was a criminal . It 's possible he 's trying to manipulate you . Doctor ! What 's the matter ? My stomach . I 'm not detecting anything . I ... I can 't ... What 's wrong ? I ... I can 't stop thinking about ... the man I killed . That 's not surprising . You 're experiencing guilt . is that why I 'm feeling sick ? Nausea could be a symptom of guilt . I 've never felt guilty before . You 've committed many crimes . None of them made me feel like this . Why did you do this to me ? We 're not responsible for your guilt . I didn 't feel this way , until you put those nanoprobes in me . You knew this would happen , didn 't you ? This is some kind of punishment . Take the nanoprobes out . You could die . Please ? I don 't want to feel this way anymore . You don 't honestly believe we 're responsible for his condition . We applied the Borg technology . It 's possible there were some unforeseen side effects . Guilt , for example . Look at this . What ? It 's my most recent scan . The neurotransmitters have established new pathways throughout his cortex . Wasn 't that your intention ? No , I was simply trying to bypass the edema . Then how did this happen ? I don 't know . It 's possible this is normal Nygean brain activity , but I have no basis for comparison . You should ask Mr. Yediq to contact a Nygean medical official . Maybe they could provide some relevant information . Seven of Nine . Stay ? Talk to me . I 'm extremely busy . Please . I 'm scared . What did you want to discuss ? I 'm due in Astrometrics , so if there 's nothing ... Astrometrics- - what 's that ? A laboratory where we observe stellar phenomena . When I was a child , I 'd ... lie under the stars for hours . I 'd stare at them until I could see the shapes . Shapes ? Faces and animals made out of stars . You 're referring to constellations . I named them . There was Paedos the Warrior and Gezid the Beast . No matter how hard he tried , Paedos could never catch Gezid . Because the distance between them always remained the same . You 've seen them ? Possibly . I 've cataloged approximately six billion stars . Then you must have seen Onella , too- - the Mother . Describe her . She was surrounded by 16 smaller stars- - her daughters . If I try , I think I can remember all their names . Grid 1 1-6 . Green . What 's going on over there ? Kot-Kot . That 's Kadis-Kot . Congratulations . Down here . I 've been doing some research on the Nygean legal system . You were right about the Benkarans receiving harsher sentences . I saw the statistics . Statistics won 't save me . I noticed some people convicted of murder- - even terrible , premeditated murders- - weren 't executed . Some weren 't punished at all , but you were sentenced to death . That 's what the family wants . The family ? After you 're convicted , the family of the victim sentences you . Well , shouldn 't you be sentenced by someone less partial , like a judge ? Vekto valek k 'vadim . It 's Ancient Nygean . It means , " Favor the victims . " What if I stole your game board ? What right would a judge have to assign value to your loss ? To him , it 's just a game board , but to you it might be a priceless family possession . And what if I murdered your child ? I think I get your point . Vekto valek k 'vadim . It 's the basis for the Nygean legal system . What about the criminals that didn 't serve any sentence at all ? Some people prefer restitution to revenge . If a defendant is wealthy enough , he can negotiate a settlement with the victim 's family . Oh , that doesn 't seem fair . It 's perfectly fair , unless you 're destitute . Maybe I can talk to the Captain about finding a way to compensate your victims . I 'm grateful ... but it would imply I 'm guilty . I wouldn 't want that . There must be something I can do . You can transmit a letter to my brother . I 'd like to let him know what 's happened to me . I 'll get a padd . I thought you might find this interesting . What is it ? It 's an Astrometrics log . It contains data on various star formations . It 's just words and numbers . I 'd rather look at the stars . I 'll bring you a star chart after my next shift . What 's the metal above your eye ? It 's a cybernetic implant . Where did you get it ? It was installed by the Borg . Must have hurt . I don 't recall . I hurt people . I deserve to die . Seven ? I found something . This is a scan depicting a healthy Nygean brain . This node is analogous to the human pineal gland . In addition to controlling behavioral impulses , it regulates decision making . You might say it 's the physiological equivalent of a conscience . Normally , the node connects to the rest of the brain through a series of neural pathways . Now ... look at the scan of Iko 's node before we applied the nanoprobes . It 's detached . Did that happen when he was assaulted ? No. I believe it 's congenital- - a birth defect . Without the node , Iko would have been prone to violence and sociopathic behavior all his life . When I used Seven 's nanoprobes to treat the injuries from the assault , it seems they inadvertently repaired the defect , as well . You 've activated his conscience . Well , that would explain why he 's suddenly experiencing guilt . There 's more to it than that . I believe he 's become capable of controlling his violent impulses . Capable , maybe , but how do you know he will ? Even the thought of violence makes him ill now . In my opinion , he 's no longer a threat to anyone . By some definitions , Captain , he 's not the same man who committed the murder . Are you suggesting we release him ? Of course not , but at the very least , his case should be reexamined . Because he 's sorry . There 's new medical evidence to be considered . None of it changes the fact that he killed a man . He was suffering from a neurological defect . He couldn 't control his behavior . If Iko had been diagnosed and treated , he never would have committed that crime . In a manner of speaking , he 's a victim of his own biology . So Iko is the victim now ? No one 's denying that he committed a terrible crime , but as a result of the Doctor 's treatments , he 's undergone a fundamental change . Killing him won 't accomplish anything . That 's not your decision to make . Nor is it yours . He 's obviously deceiving you somehow . Listen , we could debate this all day , but the fact is , our personal opinions are irrelevant . All that matters is Nygean law . Does Iko have a legal means of appeal at his disposal ? In accordance with Nygean Penal Code , a capital defendant has a right to appeal his sentence to the family of his victims . Then I 'd like you to help Commander Tuvok draft an appeal and submit it to the proper authorities . Take back the appeal . You 'd rather die , because you think it 'll relieve your pain ? Death is what I deserve . You say I 've changed , but I look at these hands every day , and I see them squeezing that man 's throat , and I hear the sounds he made . I 'm disgusting . Do you think I 'm disgusting ? You 've been nothing but kind to me . You asked me earlier if it hurt when my occipital implant was installed . I told you I didn 't remember , but the truth is ... it was one of the most painful experiences of my life . Why did you lie ? It 's difficult for me to talk about , because I forced others to undergo the same procedure . Why ? I was compelled to do so by the Borg collective . I wasn 't in control of my actions , just as you weren 't in control when you took a life . My nanoprobes have given you control . You 're a different person now . You don 't deserve to be executed . I want to go back to my cell . You 're free to remain here . Am I still sick ? No , but ... Then I don 't want special treatment . I 'm glad to see you 're feeling better . You must be hungry . Here you go . Give it to him . He 's already had his dinner . Please . All right . You wanted to see me . We just received a response from the Nygeans . The family has refused to consider the appeal . But the medical evidence ... They won 't look at it . The family found the request insulting . Your government could insist that they review it . We have laws that protect victims from emotional distress . In that case , we should grant Iko asylum aboard Voyager . You agreed to work within the confines of our legal system . Your system is flawed . That 's enough , Seven . I assure you , we 'll abide by the family 's decision . Now , I need a moment alone with Seven , if you don 't mind ? We did everything we could to help him . We have to do more . You barely know this man . Why are you so passionate about helping him ? I want to give him the same opportunity you gave me . When you severed my link to the collective , you changed who I was . You made it possible for me to reclaim my humanity . Because of my nanoprobes , Iko has undergone a similar change . He should be given the chance to atone for his crimes . Atonement ? is that what this is about ? Yes . For him ... or for you ? I don 't know what you mean . I think part of you still feels responsible for the violent acts you committed when you were a Borg . You 're mistaken . Am I ? Maybe you believe if Iko is found not guilty , somehow you won 't be guilty , either . You said it yourself . You 've reclaimed your humanity . It 's time you stopped blaming yourself for the crimes of the collective . Report . An alien vessel just dropped out of warp and opened fire . We 've lost power on Decks 8 through 10 . The cargo bay . Hurry , hurry ! Follow me . Let 's go to the Bridge . Keep ' em down ! Hurry . There 's a corridor ... Stay together . Shields down to 60 percent . Still no response to hails . Evasive maneuvers . Target their weapons . Tuvok to Bridge . The attacking ship is attempting to transport one of the prisoners . They 're trying to lock on to all five Benkaran life signs . Target their transporter array . Direct hit . They 're retreating . Pursuit course ? No , we have more immediate problems . Bridge to Tuvok . What 's your status ? We 've neutralized two of the prisoners . Someone 's trying to get into the Shuttle Bay . Lock them out . Again . Stand back ! Don 't move . You have five minutes to get us a shuttle . Tuvok to Bridge . Lock on to Yediq 's signature , and beam him to ... Transporters are off-line . We need at least ten minutes to get them up and running . Seal it . You 're not getting off this ship . Then I suppose I should kill you right now . Don 't ! He 's mine . You saw how they beat me . I knew it was a trick . I knew you hadn 't changed . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Warden Yediq has used his influence to convince the Nygean family to hear Iko 's appeal for leniency . I won 't beg for my life . It belongs to you . I only want you to understand what 's happened to me . I 'm a different person now ... a better person . This crew ... has helped me to see that . If my death helps you find peace , I can accept it . But if you let me live , I will never hurt anyone again . Whatever you decide , please know how sorry I am for what I took from you . Are we playing Kadis-Kot later ? Sorry . Afraid I 'll beat you again ? I tried to help you , and you took advantage of me . What do you mean ? The note we sent your brother . He traced the transmission to Voyager . He 's the one who attacked us . Neelix , I swear I had no idea he would do that . You have to believe me . I read Yediq 's security report . You threatened to kill him . I can 't eat this . Why not ? I 'm sick . You look fine to me . No , I must have the same condition Iko had . If your Doctor cures me , I can make an appeal for my life , too . She 's beautiful , isn 't she ? Onella , the Mother ? And there 's Paedos ... still watching over her . It was kind of Captain Janeway to let you bring me here . If your appeal is successful , you 'll be able to go wherever you want . I hope you 're right . If I am , where will you go ? I don 't know . If you 'd like , I could ask Captain Janeway to consider letting you stay here . I 'm not a scientist . I don 't think I 'd be much help to anyone . There are other ways to be useful . I 'm sure we could think of something . I 'd like that . I 'm sorry . The family has denied your appeal . We 're due to rendezvous with a transport ship in a few hours . I need to return you to your cell . You were the first person who wasn 't afraid to look me in the eye . That 's how I 'd like to remember you . I just finished looking over your warp core analysis . And ? I 'm impressed . It usually takes a few days to finish one of these . B 'Elanna tells me you did it in 22 hours . I haven 't felt the need to regenerate . Everyone grieves in their own way . If you want to talk , you know where to find me . It 's unfair . I think so , too , Seven ... but we have to try not to judge their system . That 's not what I meant . Iko was executed for taking a single life . As a drone , I took thousands , but I was never punished . You lost 20 years of your life to the Borg . I 'd say that 's punishment enough .
