 Report . A ship just de-cloaked off our port stern . Can you identify them ? They re-cloaked . That disruptor blast had a Klingon signature . Evasive maneuvers . Hail them . No response . Port shields are down to 50 percent . They 've re-cloaked again . The tetryon readings indicate it 's a D7-class cruiser . D7 ? They were retired decades ago . If their technology is antiquated ... Perhaps a metaphasic scan might be able to penetrate their cloak . Do it . Bridge to Astrometrics . lnitiate a metaphasic sweep . I 've detected a vessel . Transferring the trajectory to Tactical . I have them . Fire phasers . Our cloak has failed . Divert emergency power to shields . Forward emitters are off-line . The Federation ship is hailing again . Answer them . Captain ! It may give us more time to get the cloak back on line . Visual . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . Stand down . We will not surrender to sworn enemies of the Klingon Empire . I think there 's been a misunderstanding . The Empire signed a peace treaty with the Federation more than 80 years ago . If I 'm not mistaken , it 's still in effect . You 're lying . I 'm not lying , but even if I were , your ship is no match for mine . I suggest we discuss this . What is there to talk about ? The treaty , for one thing . I 'll give you access to our database , show you I 'm telling the truth . Databases can be falsified . I have a Klingon serving aboard this ship . lmpossible . She 's my Chief Engineer . I will meet this Chief Engineer . We 'd be honored to have you as our guest . You 're safe here ; you have my word . Forgive me if I don 't find the word of a human very reassuring . I 'd like to know what you 're doing in the Delta Quadrant . I 'm not answering any questions until I see the Klingon . Captain Kohlar , Lieutenant Torres , our Chief Engineer . You 're with child . That 's what the Doctor tells me . Did you conceive during the holy month of nay 'Poq ? I have no idea . It would have been 14 or 15 weeks ago . That sounds about right , not that it 's any of your business . I must return to my ship . Aren 't you interested in learning about the treaty ? Here 's a copy of the Khitomer Accords . I must return to my vessel . Not without your assurance that you won 't fire on my ship again . You have my word . Escort Captain Kohlar back to the Transporter Room . Aye , Captain . What the hell was that about ? It 's the truth . How can you be certain ? The Scrolls say : " You will find me after two warring houses make peace . " Our people and the Federation , our greatest enemy , are at peace . So the humans claim . These Accords may be a deception . The other signs are present . " You will know me before I know the world . " The child is unborn . It does not know the world . You interpret the Scrolls well . We must verify the evidence . Your skepticism darkens my heart , T 'Greth . What evidence did our ancestors have when they began this journey ? Nothing but their faith . Tell the others to prepare . The Day of Separation has arrived . Captain , the Klingon ship- - its core is breaching . Red Alert . Hail them . I salute you , Captain . You did more damage to our vessel than my engineer thought . We can send over a team to help you establish a containment field . - There isn 't time . - He 's right . Their core is going to breach in less than 30 seconds . I 'm requesting emergency transport . Captain ... their crew complement is 204 . Erect force fields around the Shuttle Bay . Transport them there . Tell your crew to stand by for evacuation . Ten seconds . If we 're still too close when their core breaches ... . Go to warp as soon as their crew is aboard . Five ... four , three ... We have them . You spared us a dishonorable death . Sensor logs indicate that the containment failure was not caused by our weapons . You activated a self-destruct sequence . It was the only way to get us aboard Voyager . Why was that so important ? It 's our sacred duty to be here . I don 't understand . More than 100 years ago , my great-grandfather was part of a sect which believed the Empire had lost its way . They discovered a sacred text . It told them to embark on a journey to a distant region of the galaxy . You 've been traveling for four generations ? My people have always known the voyage would be long and difficult , but the Scrolls said we would be rewarded . How ? We would find the kuvah 'magh , the savior of our people , the one who will lead us to a new Empire . The Scrolls instruct us to follow her wherever she goes . What does any of this have to do with Voyager ? . I believe the kuvah 'magh is the unborn child of B 'Elanna Torres . You 're joking . They take their beliefs very seriously . Seriously enough to destroy their own ship ? Couldn 't they have just followed us ? Apparently , their sacred text told them to cast off the old ways as soon as they found this kuvah 'magh . They saw their vessel as the last vestige of the corrupt Empire . I was hoping our daughter would be special , but I never dreamed she 'd turn out to be the Klingon messiah . This isn 't funny . They might be dangerous . I mean , and what if they want to hurt the baby ? To them , your baby 's sacred . It 's unlikely they would do anything to harm her . 200 Klingons pose a significant security threat . I suggest we keep them confined to the Shuttle Bay until we can find a suitable home for them . There are women and children down there . We can 't just lock them up . I agree . Captain ... Assign extra security to every deck , and make sure the Klingons know and abide by the rules . The Bridge will have to be off limits . Engineering as well . Keep them out of all restricted areas . Despite their reverence for Lieutenant Torres , she should be assigned a 24-hour security detail . Just what I need . Where are they going to sleep ? We 'll double up in quarters . I 'll ask for volunteers . I know this isn 't going to be easy , but until we can find another place for them , we should do our best to make them feel comfortable . Dismissed . Captain , you must try the gagh . I 'll pass , thank you , but I 'm glad to see you 're getting into the spirit of things . Well , I 've been studying the Klingon database . They 're a fascinating people ; very robust , and , uh , they certainly seem to appreciate my culinary skills . It looks like everything 's running smoothly . Uh , not quite everything . Some of the Starfleet people have been complaining ... about the smell . Personally , I find it appealing . A kind of musky aroma . Maybe we can adjust the environmental controls to filter out the musk . Thief ! Touch my food again , and I 'll kill you ! Okay , everybody relax . He took gagh from my plate . If you don 't mind , Ensign , I 've been studying Klingon etiquette . You shouldn 't quarrel over food . Save your strength for battle , to fight those who would challenge you . Take it easy ! That 's enough ! You have a fiery spirit . You will make a worthy mate . What a day ! I never met a more ravenous group in my life . I must have served over 300 meals . Mr. Neelix , may I ask what you 're doing here ? We 're bunkmates . There must be some mistake . No , there 's no mistake . I gave up my quarters to a Klingon family . By the time I checked with Commander Chakotay , you were the only one who hadn 't been paired up . You should 've consulted me . We 're such close friends , I knew you wouldn 't mind . Mr. Neelix , as much as I enjoy your company , I prefer solitude in my own quarters . You don 't really want me to go back there and tell that family to get out , do you ? Good , because I promise you we 're going to have fun , Mr. Vulcan . I learned some Klingon drinking songs . I 'll teach them to you . Ej lM-ta fey DE-ja i ejdahk-so-TAS ghos va Skral byteek Ej lM-ta fey DE-ja i ... Paris to Torres . I 'm almost finished . You said that an hour ago . I 'll be there in a minute , I promise . Torres out . Keep an eye on the replicators . They 've already gone down once today . It 's her ! When you said , " Be there in a minute , " you weren 't kidding . A group of Klingons ambushed me outside of Engineering . I decided transporting myself would be easier than running the gauntlet . I 'm starting to feel like a prisoner . Well , at least you have a handsome cell mate . How long do you think they 're going to be on board ? I thought you 'd be glad to have other Klingons around . You 've always told me how uncomfortable it is being the only one . I guess I should be careful what I wish for . Maybe you should talk to some of them- - give them a chance . Come in . Captain ... I 'm sorry to bother you , but I need your help . Ten of the Klingons have started a hunger strike . They say they won 't eat until you agree to meet with their Council of Elders . That 's ridiculous . Their faith is obviously very important to them . They think I 'm something I 'm not . Just talk to them ; hear what they have to say . We could be with these people for a while . You can 't avoid them forever . I can try . If it 'll make you feel any better , I 'll go with you . mobaR , DoH 'lo maj , Qo-vuh 'makh . mobaR , DoH 'lo maj , Qo-vuh 'makh . mobaR , DoH 'lo maj , Qo-vuh 'makh . mobaR , DoH 'lo maj , Qo-vuh 'makh . mobaR , DoH 'lo maj , Qo-vuh 'makh . mobaR , DoH 'lo maj , Qo-vuh 'makh . mobaR , DoH 'lo maj , Qo-vuh 'makh . mobaR ... You honor us with your presence . Look at her ridges . Morak was right . Your blood is not pure . No . My father was human . Couldn 't you see this for yourself ? Yes , but ... Why didn 't you tell us ? ! It wasn 't important ! Not important ? We destroyed our ship because you said she was the mother of the kuvah 'magh . Show me where it 's written that the kuvah 'magh must have pure Klingon blood . The prophecy wouldn 't lead us to a mongrel child . Hey , take it easy . Who are you ? The father of that mongrel child . More human blood . Your kuvah 'magh isn 't even half Klingon . I 've spent my life interpreting the Scrolls , and I say that all the signs of the prophecy are here . Liar . You 've led us to a false savior . I told you this was a mistake . Lieutenant ... I need your help . Any more " help " from me , and you 're going to have a holy war on your hands . That 's what I 'm trying to prevent . My baby 's just a baby . She 's not a savior . Perhaps you 're right , but we must convince my people that she is . Why ? We 've traveled more than 30,000 light-years in search of this savior , and in more than 100 years , we 've found nothing except hardship and isolation . When I saw Lieutenant Torres- - that she was with child- - l didn 't know if I was looking at the mother of the kuvah 'magh or not , but I did know I was looking at an opportunity to end this wasteful journey . Then you don 't believe in the prophecy ? What I believe is that my people have suffered enough . If they accept your child as the kuvah 'magh , you 'll hold great influence over them . We can find a suitable planet . You can tell them it 's their new home , and they 'll follow you there . I 'm not going to lie to them . What 's the alternative ? My people staying aboard your ship , draining your resources ? I agree with Lieutenant Torres . I 'm not comfortable deceiving your people . Perhaps you won 't have to lie to them to convince them . What are you suggesting ? If you study the Scrolls with me , we may be able to interpret them in a way that appears consistent with the events of your life . Then we 'll bring those consistencies to the attention of the Council . So ... you just want to stretch the truth a little ? It is possible that the Sacred Scrolls were scrawled by a madman in a cave , or perhaps they really were divinely inspired . Either way , they 've guided us for over a century . If my people start to believe that the Sacred Scrolls have led them astray , there may be violence . is that a threat ? Merely a fact . You 're doing everything you can to get your people home , Captain . That 's all I 'm doing for mine . It says , " The kuvah 'magh will be descended from a noble house . " I don 't come from one , and I 'm pretty sure my husband doesn 't either . We all have nobility in our blood , if we go back far enough . So these Scrolls can mean anything you want them to . It is written that the mother of the kuvah 'magh would be an off-worlder . Weren 't you born on a Federation colony ? A lot of Klingons are born off-world . It also says that you would 've lived a life of solitude and endured many hardships . That 's accurate , isn 't it ? According to this , I 'm supposed to have won " a glorious victory against an army of 10,000 warriors . " Haven 't you ? We haven 't even encountered 10,000 warriors ... well , unless you include the Borg . Did you help destroy one of their vessels ? I suppose ... Couldn 't that have been your glorious victory ? I guess so . Where are the images of Kahless ? Where is your family crest ? They clashed with the carpet . Don 't you honor any of your people 's traditions ? Not really . There is one tradition we can honor together . What are you doing ? It 's midday . Time to remember the sacrifice of our ancestors . Haven 't you made a Plea for the Dead before ? Well , not since I was a child . The dead can 't rest in Sto-Vo-Kor if the living don 't honor their memory . Perhaps there 's someone I can honor on your behalf . Who did you plead for as a child ? My grandmother . She was called ... ? L 'Naan . Kahless ... we implore you to remember those warriors who have fallen in your name . Lift them out of the cavern of despair and reveal yourself to them in all your glory . Right , " in all your glory . " Remember Kolax , son of Amar . Remember Talij , daughter of K 'Rene . Remember L 'Naan , daughter of Krelik . What happened to you ? I cut myself shaving . is that a bite mark ? One of the Klingons attacked me . Did you do something to provoke him ? Not him , her , and she wasn 't provoked , she was ... aroused . Ah ... I 'm not surprised . I 've studied the section on Klingon mating rituals in their cultural database . Then maybe you can tell me how to convince a female twice my size that I 'm not interested . Hmm , you probably can 't . Great . As I understand it , you have two options- - kill her or mate with her . Since the first option is clearly unacceptable ... What 's this ? Authorization for you to engage in intimate relations with a member of an alien species . Be sure to get the Captain 's approval as well . Chief Engineer 's Personal Log , Stardate 54518.2 . I 've spent the last two days reviewing the Sacred Scrolls in preparation for my appearance before the Klingon Council . Kohlar also suggested I prepare a few " colorful stories " to help win them over . That 's when they beamed aboard the Flyer , weapons firing . Tuvok and Neelix fought valiantly , but there were too many Hirogen . I had to face ten of their fiercest hunters alone . is that how you remember it ? Exaggeration is part of Klingon custom . She 's doing great . ... were shot out of my hand , forcing me to take down the last hunter in hand-to-hand combat . It was a glorious fight . Your ancestors would be honored . You tell a good story , but that 's not why you 're here . Some say you are the mother of the kuvah 'magh , the one who will guide us to a new homeworld . Has your unborn child told you where it is ? The Scrolls say , " You will follow in my footsteps before I have made them . " Yesterday , we changed course toward a planet very much like Qo 'noS . So , in a manner of speaking , you are now following my child to a new home . You deliver the words we want to hear , but it 's Kohlar who gives them to you . Are you his puppet in the bedchamber as well ? Watch it . That 's my wife you 're talking about . He speaks ! I didn 't think you had a tongue . Leave him out of this . You see how he hides behind his female ? It is also written that the father of the kuvah 'magh will be an honorable warrior . Would an honorable warrior ever refuse a challenge ? I haven 't refused any challenge . I haven 't made one yet . You and I ... to the death . Tom ... Stay out of this . pahtk . I accept . What was I supposed to say ? How about " no " ? Th-they were all watching . There would have been a riot if I refused . So , you 're going to get yourself killed ? What makes you so sure I 'd lose ? Oh , please . Look , I have no intention of fighting anyone to the death , but wasn 't the whole point of this to get them to believe that we are the parents of their savior ? Captain , this has gone too far . You 've got to put a stop to it . I intend to . Mr. Tuvok . Gentlemen ... I 'm afraid Lieutenant Paris had no authority to accept this challenge . There will be no death matches aboard my ship . I told you this pahtk was not the true father . Lieutenant Paris is perfectly willing to fight you , Mr. T 'Greth . I 'm the one preventing him from doing so . The father of the kuvah 'magh wouldn 't let a woman speak for him . T 'Greth ... there is precedent for an honorable compromise . A nonlethal bout , fought with blunted bat 'leths . The victory goes to the first warrior to knock his opponent to the ground three times . A coward 's rules ! Was the Emperor Mur 'Eq a coward ? He was the one who instituted these rules to insure that his warriors would kill their enemies and not each other . If you agree to these terms ... I 'll allow the match . I 'll see you on the field of battle ! I assume you have a suitable holodeck training program for this , Lieutenant ? He 'll be ready . I 'll train him myself . Hi . Psst ! Neelix . Something wrong , Harry ? Shh ! Have you seen her ? Who ? Uh ... that Klingon woman . The one I got into a scrape with in the Mess Hall . Officer Ch 'Rega . That 's her . I haven 't seen her today . She 's been following me everywhere . Why ? She wants to mate . Oh ! You 're a lucky man . She 's a fine specimen of Klingon womanhood . I guess it 's a matter of taste . You never saw me ! Wait ! I have a better idea . Neelix , what the hell are you doing ? Play along . I 'm taking her off your hands . When I say you 're limited to two servings of brak 't , that 's all you get ! Do you understand me , Ensign ? Yes , sir , whatever you say . I don 't think you do . If I catch you eating more than your share again , I 'll cut it out of your belly . Run . Excuse me . pahtk . I didn 't think you approved of this kind of competition . I don 't. I 'm here in an official capacity . Well , you do know they 're fighting with nonlethal weapons ? You 'd be surprised how much damage a blunt bat 'leth can do . Warriors , assemble ! Today would be a very bad day to die . I 'll try to remember that . Let honor guide you ! tagh ! I see fear in your eyes , human . The only Klingon I 'm afraid of is my wife after she 's worked a double shift . It 's begun . What are you talking about ? He 's dying . Typically , I 'm the one to make that kind of prognosis . It 's the nehret . It kills all of us who aren 't fortunate enough to die in battle . It 's a retrovirus that destroys the cells by attacking the cytoplasmic membranes . Shouldn 't our bio-filters have detected it when we transported the Klingons aboard ? This is an insidious virus . It lies dormant , disguising itself as inert genetic material until it inexplicably activates . The nehret always comes without warning . I 've reviewed my scans of the other Klingons . They 're all carriers . Why didn 't you tell us your people had a disease ? We 've never thought of it as a disease . It 's more like ... old age . is it contagious ? Only to Klingons . If you 'd give us some privacy , I 'd like to examine Lieutenant Torres . Of course . The baby , too ? I 'm afraid so . Why am I here ? You 're ill . You collapsed during the fight . The nehret . Yes . Thank you for telling us . Now my baby and I have it , too . Where do you think you 're going ? To prepare for my journey to Sto-Vo-Kor . You should be in Sick Bay . Can you make me well ? Not at the moment , but ... Then don 't deny me my tradition . The child is not the kuvah 'magh . But the father accepted your challenge . He defeated you ! I was defeated by the nehret ! B 'Elanna Torres and her child will fall victim to it as well . lmpossible ! They both carry it . She told me herself . But the Scrolls say the kuvah 'magh is younger than old age . And stronger than sickness . She cannot be our savior . We should resume our search . Kohlar and many of the others won 't agree . Then we must act alone ! For the good of our people . How ? We 'll wait for the right moment . And when it comes ... we 'll seize Voyager ! We 've identified two potential colony sites in the southern hemisphere . We 'll require topographical scans . I 'll prepare them . I shouldn 't have doubted you . It appears the signs were there all along . I 'll join the survey mission . You 're ill , old friend . You should remain here . I want my final days to be spent in honorable pursuits . Don 't ask me to die inside these walls . We transport in one hour . Your transporters are much more sophisticated than ours . I 've studied Klingon transport systems . The basic technology isn 't all that different . But you were able to beam our entire crew aboard Voyager at one time . We usually don 't like to do that for safety reasons , but in a pinch , we can expand the buffer capacity . These are the targeting scanners ? Exactly . They work on the same principles as yours . You said it was urgent ? I need to conduct a more detailed bio-scan of your baby . She 's not sick , is she ? No , but I may be onto something . I 'll be leading the team going to Site A. Kohlar will be in charge of the Site B team . Morning , Commander . Harry . Phaser fire in Transporter Room 1 . Bridge to Chakotay . They 're on the surface . Now lock on to the Bridge officers . They 've activated a force field around Deck 1 . Transport the rest of their crew . Captain , I 'm detecting multiple transports . Some of our people are being beamed down to the surface . Cut power to the transporters . I can 't . Bridge to Engineering . B 'Elanna , respond . There 's no one in Engineering . The Bridge officers ? I still can 't get a lock . Can you transport us there ? I 'll try . Computer , open the Transporter Room doors . Security override : Tuvok-pi-alpha . Grant me a warrior 's death . I beg of you . Sorry . No mercy killings on my Bridge . Get our people back . Yes , ma 'am . Why am I not in Sto-Vo-Kor ? . Because you are healthy as a targ . The nehret ? Gone . We have B 'Elanna Torres ' child to thank for it . The fetus has hybrid stem cells . They contain Klingon and human DNA . I used them to synthesize an antivirus . The child ... cured me ? Well , I was the one who devised the treatment . Doctor ... Yes , of course , the child cured you . The kuvah 'magh has healed all of us . She truly is our savior . Captain 's Log , Stardate 54529.8 . While we 're helping the Klingons into their new home , life aboard Voyager is gradually returning to normal . Computer , open this door . Access to these quarters has been restricted . On whose authority ? Neelix . Mr. Neelix , open this door . I 'll be there in a minute , Commander . That 's ... that 's my boot . Computer , security override . Authorization : Tuvok-pi ... Good-bye , my little par 'machkai . Good-bye , my fearless warrior . Oh ! I 'm really going to miss her . Oh ... Don 't you worry , Mr. Vulcan . I 'll have this place ... shipshape in no time at all . Just ... go , Mr. Neelix . What 's this ? The bat 'leth given to me by my great-grandfather . It 's for your daughter . I hope someday you 'll tell her about us . I will . Qapla ' , B 'Elanna Torres . Qapla ' . It doesn 't seem right just to hang it on the wall . I 'm not letting you scratch it up on the holodeck . I 'm sure our daughter wouldn 't mind lending it to the old man every now and then . You know , this is one special kid we 're going to have . You 're just figuring that out ? Well , I was hoping for an artist , or maybe a musician . But she 's already the savior of an entire race . You don 't really believe that . I don 't know . There are a lot of coincidences to explain . I mean , what were the odds that they 'd run into the one ship in the whole Quadrant with a Klingon aboard ? Probably about the same odds that you and I would get married . Maybe we should name her kuvah 'magh ... Just to be safe . Put it on the list .
