 [ Mulder ] We call it the miracle of life . Conception : a union of perfect opposites- - essence transforming into existence- - an act without which mankind would not exist and humanity cease to exist . Or is this just nostalgia now ? An act of biology commandeered by modern science and technology ? Godlike , we extract , implant , inseminate ... and we clone . But has our ingenuity rendered the miracle into a simple trick ? In the artifice of replicating life can we become the creator ? Then what of the soul ? Can it , too , be replicated ? Does it live in this matter we call DNA ? Or is its placement the opposite of artifice capable only by God . How did this child come to be ? What set its heart beating ? Is it the product of a union ? Or the work of a divine hand ? An answered prayer ? A true miracle ? Or is it a wonder of technology- - the intervention of other hands ? What do I tell this child about to be born ? What do I tell Scully ? And what do I tell myself ? . You know , it would be a whole lot easier for everyone if you would just tell us the sex , Dana . Did you hear me ? Yes , I heard you , Mom- - for about the thousandth time- - You can wait . Didn 't you have to wait with us ? Well , I know it 's a boy . I can just tell by the way you 're carrying . It 's a boy . You obviously don 't need me to tell you because you already know . Then it 's a boy ? Oh , it 's the least you could tell your mother considering everything else you 're keeping secret . [ KnockAt Door ] We told people noon , right ? Mm-hmm . Hi . Your mom said to cover all the bases . I 'm Lizzy Gill . Hi , Lizzy . Let me give you a hand with that . I asked Lizzy to help out today . Oh . Hi . These are going to need some water . Congratulations , by the way . Mom ... what do we need help with ? I don 't know . It 's just , well you shouldn 't have to worry . You have to let people do for you . She 's a very highly recommended baby nurse , by the way . Oh , Mom . This has got to be a conspiracy . [ Women ] Aw ... Maybe it 'll be twins . Thank you , but I would settle for one very healthy boy . [ All ] Oh ? Or girl . [ All ] Aww ! So many secrets , Margaret . What do you expect ? My daughter works for the FBI . [ Laughing ] Oh ! Oh , dear ! I got it . Here . Moving in ... the white tornado . Thank you , Lizzy . No problem . Just think about it . [ Toilet Flushing ] Excuse me ? Can I help you ? Dr. Lev , isn 't it ? I 'm sorry . I don 't know who you are or how you got in here but we don 't allowvisitors . I won 't be visiting long . I 've just come to verify it 's true . Verify that what 's true ? That your work 's been fruitful . I can see that it has by the abomination you 're holding in your hands . You 'll have to leave now . Your work here is done . Dale Jarrett right in the pack battling hard against Ricky Craven for seventh place.Jeff ? Yeah , Mike , I was down in the 88 car pit when Dale Jarrett came in . His car was just a little bit on the tight side still . Steve Allen , the gas man , took one round out of the left rear . They said if they can get the car to free up a little bit more ... [ Knock On Door ] He 'll be a force to contend with before the end of the day . Now , Phil Davis has ... The last person I 'd expect to see knocking on my door on a Saturday morning- - Agent Mulder . You can drop the " " Agent , " " Agent Doggett . It 's just plain old Fox Mulder now . Right . You want to come in , Fox ? I was just watching a race . That 's what I was doing . Slightly different race , though . ... from sixth place on back . Boy , that 32 car is really exclusive footage of a medical research clinic in Germantown , Maryland , which burned down last night in what firefighters called an accelerated blaze . Accelerated because of the white-hot intensity of the fire , which officials are now calling a definite case of arson . Zeus Genetics . That ring a bell ? Yeah . That 's where Scully believed they were doing tests on women- - putting alien babies in them or something like that- - against their will . Wasn 't ever completely explained . Looks like somebody 's attempt to make sure it never will be . I 'd say that 's more than an attempt . Looks like there 's going to be nothing left . I think that 's the idea- - to cover up the kind of research that was going on there . That 's why I came to talk to you . What do you want from me ? How about a ride ? Hey , Gene . Not the way I want to be spending my Saturday afternoon , John . I had to leave my kid 's ball game . Sorry about that . I didn 't say you had to come do it yourself . Fire Marshall thought I was kidding when I told him I wanted to sift all this . Seeing it , I thought I was kidding , too . He put you on to this , didn 't he ? What the hell are you doing , John ? You don 't have to answer to him . He 's out of the Bureau . Well , he thinks there 's something here . I 'm certain there is . Just not anything the FBI needs to be looking for . Agent Doggett ? Hey , I hope you don 't mind me dropping your name with the local PD . They just told me that they contacted everyone atZeus Genetics except for one man- - a Dr. Lev- - a founder , and head of clinical research . And what ? You think we 're going to find his body here in the ashes ? That would probably stand to reason . What is it exactly we 're looking for being I 'm starting to piss a lot of people off , Mr. Mulder ? Pissing people off comes with the territory , Agent Doggett . It 's part of working on the X-Files . Well , at the risk of pissing you off I think I 've wasted about enough of my weekend . Hey , I told you Dr. Lev was a founder of the clinic . Would you like to know who his cofounder was ? Dr. Parenti . Agent Scully 's obstetrician through the first two-thirds of her pregnancy . And you think he burned down this clinic ? I don 't know , but if I 'm the agent assigned to the X-Files I sure as hell would want to ask him . Worst it could do is piss him off . Knock , knock . Right . We get caught in here what are you going to say then ? I 'lljust say I 'm with you , Agent Doggett . It 's Saturday anyway , right ? We 're just having a look around . Hey , Mulder . Who are you ? - Me ? - Yes , you , sir . What do you think you 're doing in this office ? I 'm with an FBI agent who would like to ask you the exact same question . Dr. Parenti , isn 't it ? I 'm in the middle of a very delicate medical procedure . Whatever you want you don 't just come barging in here . I don 't care who you are . This medical procedure ... It have anything to do with this ? Please ... Why don 't you tell us what we 're looking at here , Dr. Parenti ? You people have no right to be here . I want you to leave . What is this ? Some kind of showroom ? Do you know what I 've been through in the past 24 hours ? Close friend and colleague is missing . Much of my life 's work has been destroyed . How about you explain what you are doing ? What these things are . They are what we are all working so hard to prevent- - children with non-survivable birth defects . Does that work include experimentation with alien embryos ? Work that you would destroy to cover up such allegations ? Where do you get these ideas ? From a friend of mine- - a former patient of yours- - Dana Scully . If I 'm such a Dr. Frankenstein how is it that Ms. Scully is carrying a perfectly healthy child ? In her own medical opinion . Is she ? I 'd say this man 's suitably pissed off . Why don 't we let him get back to work . Let 's go , Mulder . Thank you . Dana ? Mmm , hmm-mm ... Oh , sorry . Horse pills . I 'm about to leave . Your dinner 's in the oven . And I just wanted to say that I hope this is working out . I know it 's important to your mom . It is . And , uh ... I appreciate your help . I didn 't quite realize , uh ... how much I needed it . Well , I 'll see you . How 's it going ? You look unsure . No . I think she trusts me . Good . We 're almost at the end . You found something , didn 't you ? You still answering to him ? We found teeth and a porcelain bridge . We 're waiting on Dr. Lev 's dental records to make positive ID . Anything else ? Unidentifiable biological material fused with laboratory - grade silica . I know what you 're thinking . But there 's lots here that 's unidentifiable . Doesn 't mean it 's alien . Let 's ask Dr. Parenti , if it 's okay with Agent Crane . [ Door Opening ] Hello ? Hello ? Packing , Dr. Parenti ? I 'm sorry . This office is closed . Yes , it is . The man loves his work . Dr. Parenti ? Agent Doggett . Look at this . [ Door Opening ] Dr. Parenti . Dr. Parenti . What the hell is that ? Hey , Mulder . [ Door Opens ] Mulder , better come see this . Mulder ? Right there ! Don 't move ! Stop ! Stop there ! Stop there or I 'll shoot . [ Scully ] Hold still , Mulder . This should just about do it . Ahh ! Scully . Sorry . I see why you gave up a career in medicine for the FBI , Scully . You 've got manos de piedra . Sorry . Imagine if he 'd really connected . Who ? Billy Miles . Billy Miles ? He did this ? AskAgent Doggett . He saw him . If you ask me , the kid was whacked out on something . Whatever it was , he was feeling no pain . Ask me , the kid isn 't a kid . [ Doggett ] Oh , don 't tell me he 's an alien . He is a type of alien . A human replacement . One who looks human . Look at his strength . The way he took those slugs . I 've seen plenty of guys whacked out on chemicals , keep on coming . Well , then , you 're ignoring who Billy Miles is . You , of all people , Agent Doggett who 's supposedly running the X-Files . [ Doggett ] You 're ignoring the fact that he bled red blood . Now , every single X-File I read- - and I read them all , Mulder- - what you call " " aliens " " bleed green , right ? Well , Billy Miles is a whole new deal . He 's an alien abductee who was returned after hideous procedures were performed on him . And who miraculously returns to so-called perfect health when his body completely sheds its skin . Same thing happened to you . Same thing would 've happened to me if I 'd been left alone . If Scully hadn 't treated me . What I want to know is what Billy Miles was doing at that medical office . [ Mulder ] Same as when he torched Zeus Genetics and destroyed their experiments with alien biology and the doctors performing them . And what were you doing there , Mulder ? Looking for answers . To what ? One of those doctors was your doctor . - Mulder ... - Listen , I 'm sorry , but I just need to know this baby of yours is going to be all right . My baby is fine , Mulder . I 've had it checked over and over again with my new doctor that I trust implicitly . [ Door Opening ] Oh , I 'm sorry , Dana . I didn 't ... [ Scully ] Come on in , Lizzy . It 's all right . We just need some space to talk . It 's okay . I 've got plenty to do . Excuse me . It 's okay . She 's just helping me out here at my mother 's insistence . That 's ... That 's all I 'm trying to do . Just make sure nothing happens to you ; that this baby you 're carrying is born without any surprises . [ Whispering ] Hi . It 's me . We 've got trouble . Where are you ? I 'm at her apartment . She 's with her two partners . They 're asking all the right questions . Lizzy , listen to me . She trusts you . You 've got to play to that . You have to keep a cool head . Who are you ? Assistant Director . Heads have been rolling , Agent Doggett all in your direction . PD got the call . Passerby saw the door of the building wide open . Name of the victim flagged a previous FBI investigation . - Duffy Haskell . - Yeah . Came to see you and Scully on a case involving pregnant women carrying alien babies . Coroner says that the way his neck is severed defies logic and use of any conventional-type weapon . What is this place ? An illegal medical facility for the purpose of human cloning . It goes on from here . In fact , it occupies the entire warehouse . You read about these things but you don 't imagine they exist . Yeah , just like aliens . Come on , what are you saying ? That that 's what was going on here ? That they 're making alien babies ? No , nobody 's saying that , Agent Doggett . At least not yet . But what I do have to tell you is not going to put your mind any more at ease . We found prenatal records here . A Dr. Lev and a Dr. Parenti working with this Duffy Haskell monitoring Scully 's pregnancy . This Dr. Parenti , it 's true he 's one of Scully 's doctors but from everything I know , Scully 's checked out fine . You seem to be missing the point . And what point would that be ? What ? Talk to you a minute ? You said there 'd been a murder . Yeah , we 'll get there . Some business we need to clear up . Personal business . About Scully 's baby , about who the father is . Ahh ... Yeah , I hear there 's a pool running down at the FBI , placing bets . I 've had my suspicions . That is , until I found out that you had questions . Questions about Scully 's pregnancy itself . You want to know who the father is that 's Scully 's business . But if you 're asking me how a woman who was diagnosed as barren and unable to conceive is about to give birth in a couple days that 's an answer I can 't honestly give . Well , I need answers . In light of what we found in there and in light of Scully 's due date I need good , hard answers . Fast . Sir , just ... Let me . [ Phone Ringing ] Lizzy , are you going to get that ? [ Phone Continues Ringing ] Lizzy ? [ Ringing Continues ] Hello ? Hey , Scully , it 's me . Are you all right ? Yeah . I just ran from the shower . [ Door Closing ] I need to see you . I 've got Skinner with me . It 's not something - that can really wait . - What ? It 's about your pregnancy . Skinner 's got some questions based on some new information . What ... ? Mulder , what are you talking about ? Evidence of interference by someone . What are you doing ? What do you think you 're doing with these ? Who are you ? I want you to know you can stop worrying , Dana . Your baby is fine . Everything is absolutely as it should be , 100 % . The pills you were worried about were just vitamin supplements . Nothing harmful . Nothing you 'd be afraid to give any expectant mother . I know it doesn 't make sense but it 's a relief , I 'm sure . I am so sorry , Dana . I brought Lizzy into your home . This is all my fault . You know I 'd never let anything happen to you . I 'd never knowingly let anybody hurt you . I know , Mom . I 'm so worried about you . You keep everything so bottled up . [ Skinner ] Mulder ! How is she ? She 's fine , according to her doctor . Apparently , it was a false alarm . Whatever this woman was up to ... Well , we won 't be able to hold the woman based on those findings . ButAgent Doggett 's been talking to her . I think you ought to hear what she has to say . I knew people would kill for what I know but not like this . Not going to let that happen . Just what you told me and Agent Crane . For the past ten years I 've been working as a research scientist trying to produce human clones- - long before the media circus with sheep and cows . The work was painstaking , largely unsuccessful but there was a lot of interest and a lot of money . Money from who ? Orders came from government men . But they 're all dead now . But the work continued . We were surprisingly successful with a clone from a human egg and alien DNA . DNA that the government had since 1947 . What do you mean by success ? Alien babies . Birthed by human mothers desperate to conceive . They didn 't live more than a couple of days but tissue and stem cells is what we were after for other experiments . What other experiments ? I don 't know anything about that . But I know it was something good . What did you do to Scully ? We were trying to protect her . What did you do to her ? ! No , you don 't understand . Tell me what 's wrong with her ! Tell me what 's wrong with her baby ! Listen to her . What she 's saying . There 's nothing wrong with her . That 's what I 'm trying to tell you . The child she is carrying is very special . One could only hope to create that in a lab . A perfect human child but with no human frailties . Mulder ! [ Crane ] Agent Doggett ! I got something , John . This guy Billy Miles called in from a Dr. Parenti 's office . He wants to give himself up . All right , let 's get over there . [ Knock On Door ] Yes ? [ Mulder ] It 's me . What 's wrong ? You here alone ? Yes . My mom just went to the ... Whatever you can 't get elsewhere , just throw it together . Mulder , to go where ? No , just stop ! Can you tell me what 's wrong ? Is it something to do with my baby ? No , your baby is fine . It 's you who 's in danger now , Scully . From who ? Mulder , from what ? I don 't know , I 'm not sure . I 'm not sure about anything . I just know I got to get you out of here . Mulder , look , I can 't take this ! I can 't live like this- - as the object of some unending X-File . This isn 't about the X-Files , Scully . It is only about you . Now , you are going to have this baby and I 'm going to do everything I can to protect it . I just can 't do that here . Billy Miles ! Billy ... Billy Miles . Agent Doggett . Anything ? [ Phone Ringing ] [ Beeps ] Mulder . It 's John Doggett . I 'm at Dr. Parenti 's office . Billy Miles called us looking to turn himself in only he ain 't here . Agent Doggett ... I know . Something 's wrong . Something doesn 't make any sense . Leave the suitcase . [ Door Opens ] Get in , go around . [ Engine Starts ] Mulder , lock your door . I don 't think that matters much , Scully . We haven 't got much time . Get in . Mulder ? Let 's go ! [ Tires Squealing ] [ Krycek ] You should all know exactly what it is you 're up against ... whatAgent Scully 's up against . [ Doggett ] You realize you 're all listening to someone who tried to kill me . He left you for dead . Tell us about Billy Miles . There are others just like him . You can call them what you want they 're human replacements , alien replicants . They 're virtually unstoppable . What do they want ? They want to knock out any and all attempts by us to survive the final days- - when they come back to retake the planet . So , what , they 're wandering around among us looking for trouble ? Some kind of alien lawmen ? You saw what they did to those doctors . They 're fearless . And they answer to no one except their own biological imperative to survive . What about Scully ? What do they want with her ? They want my baby . Why ? They didn 't even know about it . I don 't know exactly how they could have found out just how ... how important it is ... how special . My baby is normal . Your baby was a miracle . Born of a barren mother 's barren womb . Are you saying that they 're afraid of it ? They 're afraid of its implications . That it could somehow be greater than them . Something ... more human than human . I don 't believe this . You wanted to destroy her child . I wanted to destroy the truth before they learn the truth . That there 's a God ... a higher power . I don 't believe this crap ; I don 't believe you 're all sitting around here listening to it when you know this man 's a liar . Worse than that . You can believe what you want but I don 't think you can take the chance that I 'm wrong . There isn 't a hospital that 's safe enough . She may never even make it out of this building . Why don 't you just shut up ? [ Mulder ] Agent Doggett . Get on the phone . If we 're going to get her out of here we 're going to need some help . [ Reyes ] Agent Doggett ? Agent Doggett , can you hear me ? I 'm in the cab on my way from the airport . I 'll meet you down in the parking garage . I have a car there waiting for you . Where are we going ? I 'll tell you when you get here . If I 'm so full of crap , why all the precautions ? Precisely because you are so full of crap , Krycek . Your ass stays here . Agent Doggett , where are you ? Coming around to you . Stop the car . Go . Get out of here . I 'm guessing I don 't have time to go to the little girls ' room ? Okay , bring her down . [ Tires Screeching ] Mulder , Skinner , he 's in the garage ! Go back ! Go back ! Get back in the elevator ! He 's on the stairs coming up . Hey , look who 's back . He 's in the building . What do you want me to do ? You 're going to protect her . Drive safely . [ Yells ] [ Engine Whirring ] [ Cracking Sounds ] Go ! Go ! [ Child ] I made this . [ Child ] I made this .
