 previously on the 4400 ... a comet cannot change course . this one has . then it 's not a comet . we 're not sure what 's just happened . there appears to be something out there . the light is gone , and thousands of people have just suddenly appeared . diana skouris. tom baldwin . you two will be one of the teams that 's responsible for investigating what happened to the returnees ? - we 're letting them go . - we 're letting them go ? we don 't have a legal right to hold them . why disappear a little girl from the 1940s , hold her for 60 years , and then send her back with the ability to predict the future ? can i go home ? home ? with you . i don 't like being here alone . shawn farrell ... uncle tommy. hi . he 's all yours . hey , what about kyle ? kyle 's in a coma , shawn . what the hell did you do to kyle ? i don 't know what happened . i put my hands on him. that 's it . he woke up . you 're talking about some kind of ripple effect . diana skouris to the head of the class . the incidents themselves are just catalysts for change . i swear to god . i 'll ask you one more time ... where 's my son ? - kyle ! kyle ! - no ! tom , don 't ! you 're not my son . who are you ? what are you ? i 'm human. i come from a different time . your future . in my time , humanity is dying out . only those we took can prevent the catastrophe from happening . that 's why they 've been altered and seeded back into the timeline . you mean it 's all going to end ? you have to help them . help them ? how ? dad ? kyle ... i intend to provide a safe haven for any 4400 in this country who needs one . you goddamn freak ! danny , stop it ! stop blaming me for nikki ! i guess what i 'm asking is if i could stay here for awhile . tell me a little more about this ... ability of yours . i wasn 't pregnant when i was abducted , but i was when i got back . that baby could be the key to the future , and it has to be protected , and i can do that . go ahead ! run ! i will find you . that baby belongs with me . isabelle ... isabelle ... what is it , baby ? bad dream ? same one . she 's fine , richard . we 're all fine . come back to bed . it 's probably just a raccoon- - who was it ? they took off before i could ask . they left something behind . someone tracked us down . who ? ntac ? collier ? this look like their calling card to you ? i don 't know who it is , but someone knows we 're 4400s . start packing . i 'll drive into town tomorrow morning to pick up my last paycheck , and then we 're out of here . can 't we just go now ? we 're gonna need that money , lily . mr. and mrs. sumlin . peter . if you 'll follow me . forgive our appearance . as you know , the center doesn 't officially open until tomorrow . peter doesn 't have time to wait . that 's where you 're wrong , mrs. sumlin . peter has all the time in the world . hi , peter . my name is jordan collier . just this way . our medical lab isn 't quite ready , so we thought peter would be more comfortable up here . hello , peter . i 'm shawn . what do you say we get started ? yeah ? okay , buddy . i want you to take my hands . try and relax . okay ? you 're okay . you 're doing good. you 're doing so good . it 's okay . oh , my god . is he okay ? he 's fine . just watch . it 's okay . you 're okay. you 're okay . peter ? how do you feel , honey ? son ? thank you for your generous donation . we tried everything . radiation , bone marrow transplants ... is he really cured ? take him back to his doctor . run some tests . peter 's leukemia is gone . this is a miracle . for now , it has to remain a private miracle . may i remind you that the confidentiality agreement you 've signed is strictly binding . but people should know about that young man . and they will . in time , they 'll know everything . very nice . floating the five. floating the five . you nervous ? aren 't you ? no , not at all . well , maybe a little bit . okay. a lot . now , you really want to do this , right ? right . let 's go. okay . says here she registered an ability under the dinstman-lenhoff bill . some kind of precognitive insight ? yes , her visions stopped about four months ago . we 're not sure why . oh , too bad . i was going to ask if teledex will hit its quarterly projection . well , we 'd like to get started , if that 's all right . certainly . if you 'll just sign where indicated . diana skouris , your adoption of maia rutledge is hereby complete , legal , and binding . so witnessed by me , henry biederman , 10th circuit family court of seattle . you know , some of us have to look far and wide to find the people we 'll call " family . " you two had to look clear across time . diana , let me introduce you to your daughter maia . maia , say hello to mommy . i 'm not doing it . i mean it this time. no way . it 's just a cat scan , kyle . you 've had them before . this one 's gonna tell them the same thing the last 150 told them--nothing . there 's nobody in here but me . i know that , and sooner or later , they 're going to stop looking . when ? when ? i wish i knew , but with ntac , the government , they 've got bigger issues than you or me , okay ? just- - kyle , they 're still trying to make sense about what happened that night at highland beach . that 's all . they 're afraid if they let me out i 'm gonna spill the beans about their big secret ? well , they can relax , because i just want to get out of you and be normal again , and normal people don 't go around sounding off about future humans and the end of the world . besides , i don 't even remember what happened . i know . you listening ? i don 't remember ! just calm down. just calm down . dad , get me out of here . talk to someone. anyone . please , ' cause- - shh. okay , okay . okay. okay . tom . been awhile , huh ? yeah , you know how it is . us desk jockeys don 't have much cause to mingle with you hot-shot field agents . someone feeling a little sorry for himself today ? " the path to oblivion starts here . " the 4400 were sent back to save humanity , and i 'm supposed to help them . i was there on the beach , remember ? they gave me a mission , and what 's my biggest accomplishment of the week ? i convinced my son to take another cat scan . somehow , i don 't think that 's what they had in mind . diana , you ready to roll ? in a minute . it 's just we have to check in on three more returnees . i want to make sure we get our reports in by 5 : 00 . okay , why don 't you keep the car warmed up ? and i 'll be right there . you bet . vic hubbard 's the best lead investigator you could find ? oh , no , he 's the fourth one this year . two more , i break a record . we 've got to get you out from behind that desk . i 'm lucky to have a job here . i put a gun to another agent 's head , remember ? yeah , well , i never said it was going to be easy . it 's obvious what really happened . are you going to start in with your negative energy again ? white holes. see , they 're the answer . that 's how they took them , and that 's how they brought them back . yeah , but white holes- - the second law of- - yeah , because i 'm right . switch it up. switch it up . guys ! what 's it like to not be right ? am i interrupting ? brady 's back on his " white hole " kick again . well , one day you 'll explain to me the difference between the white ones and the black ones , right ? well , how about tonight ? how about you just give me that thing that we discussed ? can 't . why not ? i already sent it upstairs . i wonder if anyone 's read it yet . when they do , i 'm sure you 'll hear about it . i owe you one , handsome . h.p. lovecraft 's the mountains of madness . are you trying to tell me something ? which orderly did you steal it from ? matt ? arlo ? you 're so sweet . you 're the only person here who doesn 't want me dead . i wish i could take you with me when i go , but i can 't . they only want me . but i 'll be leaving soon . very soon . joanne ? paul ? what are you doing ? sex maniac . don 't go flashing those bedroom eyes at me . joanne , i 'm serious . put that stuff down before you hurt yourself . we 're building something . i can see that . can you really ? it 's gonna be gigantic . humongous . rival the pyramids . but some things are better left to the imagination , joanne . besides , you two have physical therapy now . let 's go . building something ... building nothing . help me get rid of this junk . i 'm sorry. too hard ? oh , no. hey , go ahead . give it your best shot . whatever you do , you must be pretty good at it . uh , yeah , i work with my hands . same as you . my apartment doesn 't look anything like this . well , it helps to have friends in high places . i 'm always open to making new friends . come in . speak of the devil . give us a moment . has anyone ever told you your timing sucks ? if they did , i probably fired them . for you . it 's in bookstores tomorrow . jordan , this is gonna sell , like , a million copies . people are gonna freak out when they read this . big ideas make a loud noise when they land , shawn . you wanted to see me , nina ? are you sleeping with tom baldwin ? should i come back in ? maybe we could start over- - answer the question . never even held hands . do you owe him money ? okay , what game are we playing here ? because if i knew the rules- - i am playing the theory room paper game . i don 't know that one . well , let me give you a hint . " the necessity for the immediate reassignment of thomas baldwin to active field duty . " catchy title . did you come up with it yourself , or did the big brains in the basement pitch in ? let 's just say that i agree with the sentiment . tom is the best agent i 've ever worked with , maybe the best you 've got in this division . in the three months that baldwin was investigating the 4400 , this department learned more , far more , than it has in the entire year he 's been shuffling paper . he threatened another agent 's life . he was trying to protect his son , who these future people , whoever they are , chose as their spokesman . that 's not to mention that his nephew shawn is one of the 4400 . all of which sound like major conflicts of interest to me . that 's not what dennis ryland believed . dennis ryland is no longer in charge here . maybe you should call washington and talk to him . i don 't have to call washington . they 've got me on speed dial . congressmen , senators , committee chairs , subcommittee chairs , all of them looking to this department , to me , for answers . which is why you can 't keep an agent like tom baldwin on the shelf . he 's a major player in this case . he 's maybe the major player . see , funny , that 's exactly what it says in this paper . maybe marco had me check it for typos . uh , the next time that you want to send me a message , put your own name on it . mr. walcott ! get down from there ! arlo ! mr. walcott , get down from there ! arlo ! you heard the man ! mr. walcott , get down from there this instant ! i 'm calling security if you don 't come down right now . arlo ! this is your last chance . what the hell are you doing up there ? i got it . arlo ! arlo , this is your last warning . arlo , please ! be careful ! i 'm coming down . arlo , be careful ! watch what you 're doing . i got it . i got it . oh , oh--oh , my god . oh , my god ! no ! lily , i 'm home . lily , relax . we don 't have to leave . some nut papered the entire town with these things . he wasn 't singling us out . well , i still think we should go . i was scared last night too , but did you read this ? it 's a rant , not a witch hunt . maybe , but richard , we still don 't feel safe here anymore . you mean isabelle doesn 't feel safe . richard , we 've gone over this a dozen times . i don 't know why she talks to me and not to you . " talks ? " communicates . whatever . did she happen to mention where we should go ? does she have a place picked out , or will she know it when she sees it ? we can find the town . we already did. right here . isabelle is six months old . i know she 's a special kid , but we 're still her parents . we make decisions for her . she doesn 't make them for us . i know . it 's time we get out of here . you 're right . you 're absolutely right . we 're staying put . maia ? party time . macaroni and cheese , mashed potatoes , and white bread . everything i like . the only things you 'll eat . you 've got to promise me that you 'll outgrow this phase soon . mommy , how do you make this taste so good ? well , it 's a hidden talent , i guess . you just called me " mommy . " you 're my mom now , right ? now and forever . i like that . me too . so do you think i 'll ever go back to school ? weren 't you just telling me you got , like , a 97 on your math test ? not home-school . real school , with a playground , and recess . well , sure you will ... you know , when you get a bit older . how much older ? i 'm not seeing things that are going to happen anymore , so it should be okay for me to be around other kids . i think i 'd be happy at school . aren 't you happy now ? i 'm glad you 're my mom for real , but i could still use a ... like , friend or two . more mac and cheese , please . just a little . sign this . what is it ? your letter of resignation . i thought i was being reassigned to field duty . you are , effective immediately . i need results . we have a high-priced collection of sheepskin in the basement that tells me you 're the best way to get them , so i 'm willing to take a risk , but i need some insurance . this . i left the date blank . you cross the line , i fill it in . fair enough . good . here , look at this . tess doerner . diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia at the age of 15 . disappeared from abendson psychiatric hospital in april of 1955 . let me guess , they sent her back without bothering to cure her . curing people was not part of their agenda . we just got a call from the c.a. over at the hospital . one of their orderlies is dead . he claims that there 's some kind of connection . so ... we 'll check it out . hold on . there 's still one piece of business we need to get straight . you 're setting conditions ? this is your new house ? it 's yours too . well , all your stuff is here. i ... kind of looks like our old place , huh ? well , i tried , anyway . only one thing missing . mom . yeah , i know . sometimes i can 't believe she 's not here , either , but we tried , kyle . you know , we really tried to make it work . i wish you both would have tried a little harder . i 'm sorry. it 's just ... you know , when something terrible happens to a family , like when you were in the hospital , it can ... bring people closer together , or drive them apart . your mom and me ... i 'll have to call her , let her know i 'm out of quarantine . yeah , you should do that . you know , it 'd make her really happy . shawn 's gonna freak out too . what ? you know i 'm gonna go see him , right ? you 're a good cousin . just don 't expect too much . you know , people change in four years . i can 't believe you 're standing here . i 've been looking forward to this moment for too long . hey , you remember how we used to love to go to the batting cages ? you never could hit that curve ball . me ? no , it was you , and i got plenty of quarters saved up , so ... maybe we should stop off at the driving range too . you want to learn how to play golf ? i used to beg to teach you . lot of things i want to try now , dad . you make a list . you want it , and we 'll do it . anything . you can show me tonight , okay ? you 're leaving ? i just got here . it 's my job , buddy . now , get started on that list . you people take your arts and crafts seriously , don 't you ? you 're sure tess drew this before they started building ? she made her first sketch two weeks ago . that thing started going up yesterday . and you think that the orderly who died is connected to all of this ? arlo was on the ledge of " b " building , prying loose a weather vane . i believe it was this weather vane . so why don 't you just confine all the other patients to their rooms ? well , i 've been tempted , but this kind of cooperative behavior , it 's unheard of with these illnesses . besides , i wanted you to get a look at that thing before we tore it down again . it 's all right , kevin . they 're just here to talk to tess . he 's very protective of her . she 's his only friend in here . really , it 's okay . i 'll just let her know you 're coming . great . we saw some of the pictures you did , tess . they 're really good . they 'll hear you . there 's microphones in the walls . they broadcast by satellite to the submarines . who does ? the doctors . the doctors here in the hospital ? some of them are in the hospital . some of them are stationed on the submarine . all right , we 'll just talk really softly . they took my crayons away , but they 're too late . yeah ? why 's that ? because it 's gonna get built anyway . they want me to get in touch with them . that 's why they put the plans in my head . uh , now , are we talking about the doctors here in the hospital or the doctors under the sea ? neither . we 're talking about the people who took me , stupid . so the people who took you ... they want the patients here to build that tower ? they 'll do anything to get me back . they like me . did you ask the other patients for help , tess ? i don 't like talking to them . they 're crazy . was arlo crazy ? i never thought he was ... but maybe crazy is catching . so my first day back , and what 's going on ? nothing much . just a bunch of mental patients building a machine to contact the future . well , that 's what tess thinks , anyway . she also thinks there are doctors stationed under the pacific ocean , listening to a radio broadcast of her private conversations . could be some kind of collective hysteria . doesn 't explain this guy arlo , though . he 's a middle-aged hospital orderly whose wife just left him . it could have been suicide . lost his nerve at the last minute , tried to grab the weather vane . i wonder how long it is since marco got some sun , you know ? i was thinking we could bring him down to have a look at that thing they 're building . a road trip for marco ? he goes outside , tom , but , you know , we could have some sunblock handy . it would be something , though , huh ? if she could actually do it . contact the future . tess is right . maybe crazy is catching . he was dictating a letter . i don 't know what happened . he just grabbed his head and started screaming . wait outside. now . hold still. hold still . thanks . thank you . they 're getting worse . jordan ... they 're coming more often too . you okay ? i 'm fine . i don 't get it . i don 't get why these attacks keep coming back . i 've cured ... emphysema , leukemia ... broken bones ... that baby really kicked your ass . well , you just remember that when we find richard and lily . you u und pretty confident , jordan , but it 's been a year . sometimes i forget they 're still out there . i never forget , and neither do the men i 'm paying to find them . okay , but if i were you , i wouldn 't want to be in the same time zone as that kid . if you two meet up again , it might just finish you off . i have my reasons . now , get some rest , okay ? all right . big day tomorrow . in breaking news , a revelation about the origins of the 4400 . in his newly published autobiography , former real estate mogul jordan collier claims that the 4400 were abducted by human beings from the future . the book contains copies of classified government memoranda that collier says prove his claims . the documents are said to come from an anonymous source within the national threat assessment command . according to collier , the 4400 were returned to avert a catastrophe that threatens the survival of mankind . why didn 't you tell me ? collier charges that the government has had this information for more than a year , but has kept it secret in an effort to avert a public panic . the government claims that the documents are purely speculative and have been quoted out of context . don 't care who took them . don 't care who sent them back . the government should have kept them behind bars . didn 't you hear what the man said ? they 're here to save the world . what do you expect him to say ? he 's one of them . you 're awful quiet . i deal in facts ... and the fact is , i 've got to flesh the ... before lunch . you 'll be happy to hear that mr. collier 's anonymous source is anonymous no more . agent hubbard will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law . so , what about collier ? guy bought national secrets on the black market . i 'm sure we 'd all like to see collier charged with treason , but it 's unlikely . i doubt we 'll be able to trace the payments directly to him . now , as for this so-called " 4400 center , " round-the-clock surveillance is in effect until further notice . i want pictures of everyone who comes within a hundred yards of that place . is it true that collier 's filing for tax-exempt status ? apparently . he 's turning the 4400 into some kind of religion ? more like a cult . well , " cult " is what the big congregation calls the little congregation . cult , religion , whatever . what 's he basing it on ? have you read this thing ? collier claims that he can unlock the 4400 within anybody . so he expects a guy punching a clock in pittsburgh to believe he has some kind of latent superpower ? most of the 4400 don 't even have those kinds of abilities . not yet , anyway . no , but if you thought there was a chance that you had an ability locked away inside you ... you sound like you 're ready to sign up . no , but i wouldn 't blame anyone for being curious . we keep telling the public that biologically , the 4400 aren 't any different than the rest of us . they haven 't been altered genetically , neurologically- - as far as we can tell , but if collier thinks people are just going to sign their lives and their life savings over to some metaphysical pyramid scheme , then ... he 's in for a rude awakening . welcome to the center . my name 's devon . what 's yours ? kyle . nice to meet you , kyle . can i sign you up for a tour ? uh , thanks . i 'm just looking for my cousin . shawn farrell ? i 'm sorry . mr. farrell 's not available right now . could you tell him kyle 's looking for him ? he does live here , right ? i 'm afraid policy prohibits me from discussing our membership . i 'm not looking for a discussion . i just want to say hi to my cousin . if you 'd leave your name- - i 'm not leaving anything . what is the problem here ? there 's no problem . then tell shawn i 'm here ! if he doesn 't want to see me , fine , but that 's up to him , right ? would you lower your voice , please ? look , i 've got nothing against you . personally , i hope the pod people return your body to you someday . if it 's all the same , i 'll find shawn myself . this way , sir . get your hands off me ! you have to leave . you guys didn 't tell me this thing was so big . it wasn 't . not yesterday . and those don 't look like patients to me . they 're not . dr. clayton . i know what you 're going to say. we 're falling behind . we 'll make up the time this afternoon . so is the entire hospital working on this thing ? it 's the only way to get it done . excuse me . uh , randy , winston , we need a little help here . dr. cho 's back there with the satellite dish . okay . so first the patients , now the staff . if this is some kind of mass hysteria , it 's spreading . who does daddy love ? mommy ... and isabelle . yes , he does . you know what he sees when he looks at you ? a beautiful baby. yes , he does . but mommy sees much more than that , and you know why ? because you communicate with mommy . but you never talk to daddy . so how about it ? anything you want to say to daddy ? huh ? because i 'm listening . okay , then . guess i 'm left to muddle along all alone . richard . we got to get a copy of that book . i want to read it . you and me both , but i checked in town . they won 't have any copies till tomorrow . i don 't know about you , but i kind of got used to the idea we 'd never know where she came from . well , if we went to the future , at least we came back with a souvenir . the people who took us , they made all this happen , right ? they saw to it that we got isabelle . they must have something in mind for her . i have something in mind for her too- - a normal life . sounds good , but we left normal behind a long time ago . this is outrageous ! we have work to finish here. important work . the doctors want to work . tell them to make their rounds . no one 's stopping them from taking care of their patients . but the courtyard and the tower are off-limits , you got it ? got it . man , look at the size of that thing . wouldn 't mind having one of those in my backyard , huh ? road trip 's over. wait in the car . so yesterday , a few patients were compelled to work on this thing , and today it 's the entire hospital . if we get tess out of here , do you think this compulsion will fade ? i don 't know . it 's worth a try , isn 't it ? all right , i got you . it 's okay . i 'm not a bad person . i 'm not . no , no , no one 's saying you are , tess . then why are you going to stick wires in my brain ? i promise , tess . no one 's going to hurt you . that 's what everyone says , right before they hurt you . why am i being punished ? i 'm a good person. really . i 'm only doing what they want . guys ! guys ! get over here ! kevin ! kevin ... okay , tess. let 's go. come on . come on . it 's all right. kevin ... do you have a seven ? go fish . i am so sorry i 'm late . who do we have here ? this is carrie. she lives downstairs . the u.p.s. man left their package with us by mistake , and when her mom came to get it , carrie was with her , and now i 'm invited to her birthday party , and it 's a sleep-over . i can go , right ? hi , carrie . i 'm diana . it 's nice to meet you . nice to meet you . i already said it 's okay . well , i think we should probably talk to carrie 's mom first , don 't you ? oh , look , you know what ? it sounds fine to me . thank you , thank you , thank you , thank you . you never told me i was a prisoner . have you ever seen a prison cell , shawn ? it looks nothing like your apartment . goddammit , jordan , since when do you decide who i see and talk to ? this is about your cousin , isn 't it ? so you did know he was here . i know he was rude and aggressive , and had to be escorted from the premises . you mean thrown out . it might have been handled more smoothly , shawn , but all in all , i 'd have to say it was for the best . kyle is my friend . he was your friend . look , a year ago , you came to me looking for a new life , your old one in shambles . kyle , friend or not , is part of that old life . so what do you want me to do ? you just want me to cut him loose and forget he exists ? he 's no different than your mother , your brother , or your friend nikki . don 't you- - they do not understand what it is we 're trying to accomplish here . you know , maybe i don 't either . well , then , i suggest you pack your bags and ... leave . so , what happens next time you start screaming out in pain ? do what 's right for you , shawn . i 'll take care of myself . i just got the full medical workup on tess . let me guess- - physically normal across the board . you can say this for the 4400- - they 're consistent . tess draws a picture of a ... a tower , or a monument ... yeah , or a beacon ... and the people around her drop everything and start building it . well , they can 't help themselves . they have to work . it 's like ants . come here . the queen secretes a chemical , tells the other ants what to do . the drones don 't stop working until the job is done . doesn 't matter if one of them dies , or if a storm comes and washes away the anthill . they just keep working ... unless you take the queen away . let 's hope our drones respond the same way . right , so the future sent back a schizophrenic queen ant with a blueprint for what , some interstellar walkie-talkie ? let 's see what tess can tell us . we 'd just better not get too close , because if your theory 's right , anyone who gets exposed to her could be vulnerable . all right , i 'll talk to tess . you check in with garrity at the hospital . these friends of yours , the ones who took you , what do you think they want to talk about ? they 're so much smarter than you , it isn 't even funny . yeah , well ... yeah , i don 't doubt it . i mean , they figured out how to take you and how to send you back . sending me back was a mistake , and they know it . i 'm supposed to be there . where exactly is " there ? " there were doctors there too . they were nice. all of them . they were nice . you remember where you were taken ? we slept a lot , but not all the time . we wore gray clothes . there was a giant building . the doctors wore shiny jackets . i miss it so much . go on . i really like hearing you talk about it . our rooms had round windows . high doorways with arches in them . the stones had writing in them . math symbols or something , inscriptions , jars of purplish metals , and rods with stained tips . these symbols , tess , what did they look like ? tess ? tess , do you remember what the inscriptions said ? they 're waiting to hear from me . i need to get in touch with them . tess. tess. just wait- - tess , just wait . garrity , why haven 't you been picking up your cellphone ? i 'm sorry . it 's been kind of crazy down here . so is everything all right ? yeah. fine . we 're just about done here . done ? well , the satellite dishes are a bitch to hook up , but we 'll get ' em . come on , people . let 's get those dishes secured . we don 't have all day . i just had the most unbelievable conversation with tess . well , it couldn 't have been any more unbelievable than the one i just had with garrity . can 't say i see it that way . no other way to see it . that book is blasphemy . well , don 't buy it if that 's how you feel . " the third angel blew his trumpet , " and a great star fell from heaven , burning like a torch . " revelations 8 : 10 . i 'll take your word for it . the day they came back was the beginning of the end times . sounds like you 've done a little more thinking on it than i have . either remove the book from the store , or my boy here will remove it for you . like hell he will ! do you know what you 're carrying there , woman ? it 's just a book . it 's the doorway to hell . that child yours ? that 's my daughter . abomination begets abomination . richard ! what 's going on ? we 've got to get out of here . now . these new guys you sent us are no good . park told me he had experience with a welding torch . experience at what ? starting fires ? now our schedule 's in the toilet . did either of you call the fire department ? time to go . hurry , richard . hurry ! as of tonight , abendson state hospital is officially under quarantine . the patients will remain locked down . hospital staff and affected ntac personnel will be confined to the site until we 've isolated the source of the compulsion . that sounds like a good plan , but who 's going to watch over them ? the last group we sent was compromised within hours . which is , quite frankly , a little disturbing , if you think of this like an epidemic ... in the cdc , we 'd call tess " the sole disease vector . " you remove her , you remove the urge to build , except as far as we know- - none of those agents had any contact with tess . so it 's like the flu , or any other airborne virus . you catch it , you can pass it on . what is this thing supposed to be , anyway ? my guess , and i cannot emphasize the word " guess " strongly enough , is that tess is telling us the truth . it 's some kind of communication device . to contact who ? the future ? the only way to find out is to let the patients finish building it . that night on highland beach , they were trying to tell us something . the conversation was cut short . which is why we 've been stumbling around in the dark this last year . tess is the only 4400 who remembers where she was taken- - no , claims to remember where she was taken . she 's also the only paranoid schizophrenic , and it sounds to me like you two have been spending a little too much time around her . well , maybe i caught the bug too , but , uh ... i agree with them . the quarantine orders at the hospital remain in effect until further notice . the guards will rotate shifts to minimize their exposure . so where does that leave us ? until we 're sure the compulsion 's not spreading anymore , you two aren 't going anywhere near that facility . isabelle 's asleep . rainy day came sooner than expected . do you think we lost them ? i 'm not ready to stop for pie just yet . i got 1,200 here . another 300 in my pocket . i 'm carrying two . we 're going to have to get those back windows replaced in the morning . this should be enough to carry us through to montana . what did eric say when you called ? he was a little surprised to hear from me , but even back in quarantine , he used to say how us 4400s should stick together . yeah , we didn 't have much choice back then , though , did we ? the bank will wire us our savings when we get there . if things get really bad , we can sell these . i put that ring on you forever . guess you and isabelle were right . we should have taken off when we had the chance . it 's gonna be a long night . you want me to drive a shift ? get some sleep . maia , what 's wrong ? i 'm sorry . i know it 's late , but maia really wanted to come home . why is that , sweetie ? i don 't want to talk about it . some of the girls , not my daughter , but some of the other girls , were teasing maia . i guess she said she has a crush on frank sinatra . well , ol ' blue eyes. do you blame her ? most nine-year-olds don 't even know who frank sinatra was . i want to go to bed . i guess it got pretty nasty . i feel terrible . maybe maia can come back another time ? just her and carrie . yeah. we 'll talk about it . thank you . good night . good night . maia . i know you didn 't fall asleep that fast . it was awful . you were right . well , i didn 't want to be right . i don 't need any friends . everyone needs friends , maia . come on , i really think we should talk about this . well , i don 't . buck 's burgers . good as i remembered . kind of a strange thing to have on top of your list , but hey , you know what ? i 'm glad i could make your dreams come true . kyle , shouldn 't you be in bed ? dad , i 'm 21 . so i have to keep reminding myself . i 'm making some popcorn. you want some ? you 're kidding me . you could eat more ? i 've been eating quarantine food for a year . you guys might be keeping the country safe , but your cafeteria sucks . hello ? hello ? kyle . we got to get the baby out of the cold . i don 't think there 's any motels on this road . i was thinking we 'd head south , catch the 35 . guy should lose his high beams . that 's the first car we 've seen in , what , like , 15 miles ? get your head down . ah ... oh , my god , richard . it 's them . hold on ! hold on ! everybody okay ? yeah , i think so . okay. let 's go . spread out . hey , maia , sweetie . it 's wake-up time . okay . huh ? it was a late night , huh ? all right . 15 more minutes . you know what ? frank sinatra is the coolest , and don 't you let anyone ever tell your dear friend . so you didn 't read any of it ? no . i wouldn 't want my daughter reading my diary . you keep a diary ? am i in it ? oh , come on , don 't flatter yourself . so , really , you don 't even know if " what she sees " means ... things during the day , tv shows , ponies , whatnot ... or it could be " what she sees , " a week , a month , a year down the line . she hasn 't had one of those visions in , like , four months . well , that 's what she tells you , anyway . why would she lie ? she wants to be normal , right ? every time she makes a prediction , someone calls her a freak . look , i understand . you 're her mom now . there are certain protocols . next time i 'm over , why don 't i take a peek ? you think that 'd be any less of a betrayal ? respecting maia 's privacy is no small thing , but you 've got to weigh that against the information that could be in that diary . you know what ? when you stop trusting a parent , it 's really hard to start again , and yes , i 'm speaking from experience . hey . i 'm glad it 's not my decision , but if maia 's having visions , you should know about it , and you should know what they are . is it bad ? i just jammed it when we spun out . just need to walk it off a little more . we 'll follow this stream south . hike through the water a bit , throw ' em off our trail . it 'll be cold . it 'll keep us awake . after a mile , we 'll ... we 'll double back west . head straight for the highway . sounds easy when you say it . we can do it . we 're going to do it , right ? keep her quiet . she 's going to bring them right to us . does the name " gene pecusa " ring a bell ? yeah , returnee 927 . oh , let me guess . he still has the ability to turn 20 bucks into a crushing hangover . and a night in the drunk tank . we 've got to ferry him back to his halfway house . give it to mortimer and falcone . we got something else on our plates ? everything 's quiet at abendson . no one 's been allowed near the tower . that 's the problem , isn 't it ? tom ... tom , no . you do remember that jarvis has still got your letter of resignation . she wants results . i 'm going to give them to her . and besides , you want to know what that thing is as badly as i do . i 'm trying not to think about it . yeah , well , i can 't think of anything else . so it sounds like tess has got her hooks in you . i don 't have the urge to pick up a tool belt . i 'm coming with you . it 's all right , tess . we 're taking you back to abendson . we signed you out , tess . no one from ntac is coming after you . not you people. the doctors in the submarines . they 're watching us . what , you 're having second thoughts ? no , just get in . so you still owe me four or five dollars for those two six-packs ? something like that ? i 've got a 20 right here , if you think you can take it from me . look at you , man . back among the living. you look great . i walk. i talk . i seem to have full control of my limbs . you still hit like a girl . nothing 's changed . four years ? plenty 's changed . what are you talking about ? we saw each other right when you got out of the hospital . i don 't remember any of that . you don 't ? so you don 't remember sitting naked in the sprinklers ? no . sounds like something you 'd do . well ... thank you . i never got a chance to say that . for getting me out of the coma ... thank you . you know , if it hadn 't been for me , you wouldn 't have been in that stupid hospital anyway , so ... no , i 'd have been the one who disappeared into 4400 boot camp . maybe i 'd have come back with the magic hands . all right , all right. okay . speaking of disappearing , you jerk ... oh , kyle , don 't go there yet. come on . don 't go there ? your mom is so freaked out . you haven 't seen her in a year . you haven 't seen anybody . your brother . my dad . what was going on with you and nikki ? kyle , i don 't want to talk about nikki . we 're all really worried about you , man . you don 't need to be . i mean , i 'm fine . i 've been to that place where you 're living . there are some serious stepford wives vibes going on there , you know that , right ? all that stuff about " unlocking the 4400 inside everybody ... " yeah ? you don 't really believe collier can do that , do you ? kyle ... look around us , man . the world is in a total freefall . these centers , they 're a chance to bring people together , maybe our last chance . i don 't just believe that he can do it . i believe that he has to do it . sounds like someone got inside your head . he said you wouldn 't understand . collier ? i got to tell you , man , he was right . richard ! god. what happened ? guess i wasn 't looking where i was going . okay. we just need to rest . you think they 're stopping for breaks ? come on , richard . five minutes . all right , people , come on ! everyone out to the tower . come on . we 've got a lot of work to do , and not a lot of time to do it , so let 's go , come on . go , go . come on , you heard me. let 's go . this one 's mine. stand over there . hey , kevin ! look. i escaped . always thinking of me . kevin 's a genius , you know , but he doesn 't brag about it . i bet in a couple of days all these berries will be ripe . don 't eat them now . the last thing we need is to start cramping up . look . i thought you said they weren 't ripe . they weren 't . well ... isabelle ? had to be . way to go , little girl . they 're going to have to work fast . i 'm going to help them . that 's not funny , diana . i really want to do this . no , you 'd only be in the way . you don 't understand . i really need to do this . have these sent to my house . shawn , i 've been looking for you . yeah , i took a walk . we have a special visitor tonight . she has pancreatic cancer . her husband is willing to donate real estate for a 4400 center in los angeles . well , tonight doesn 't really work for me , jordan . well , you have five ... no , six hours to get in the mood . mood 's got nothing to do with it . i 'm just not working tonight . richard , please . don 't do this . we don 't have another choice . there 's three of them . they 're going to kill you . not if i get my hands on one of those shotguns . you can barely walk . it 's our only chance . i 've got to do it now , while i still have the strength . if i 'm not back by sundown , take the baby and walk due west . it 's that way . just keep going in a straight line . understand ? i 'd give up another 50 years if it meant finding you again . you knew about this , didn 't you ? knew about what ? baldwin and skouris signed tess doerner out of here and took her back to abendson . they 're rebuilding the tower . that would be one theory . no crying. you can 't cry now . drop it . i 'll cut you in half . turn around . i taught you boys better than this . get up ! diana , how 's it going ? well , it turns out we 're in better shape than i thought . the fire missed most of the wiring . so how soon till it 's ready to go ? well , we 've got to finish triangulating the dishes , and then we 're good . just get it done . baldwin . we 've got your man ! either you come out , or the next sound you hear is him being blown straight to hell ! i told you , she 's miles away by- - open your mouth again , i 'll cut your tongue out . watch him . lily ! run ! are you sure you don 't want to say goodbye to me ? .. last time , bowen , unlock the door . can 't do that you said you want results . listen to me bob , when you are not in your right mind . it 's not the results that we was talking about . you step awey before you get hurt . take no , no , just wait we need a just listen , listen to me it 's a risk , i know . it 's sometime you want to get the tureth you have to take a ... just listen to me . you want the trueth ? tess sdores the memery ... they are not memeries . she read the short ... step awey from that tower . where are you ? where are you ? let 's get everyone back in their rooms . we need a full head count before the next round of medications . where are you ? i did what you wanted , right ? talk to me . come on , tess . we all could use a little rest . but they lied to me . or did i lie to you ? well , somehow i wanted more . i don 't know what i expected . another ball of light , a booming voice from the sky ... something . could we have built it wrong ? maybe . all i know is that i don 't feel like picking up a hammer anymore , and 10 minutes ago , that was all i could think of . i want to be updated as soon as there 's new information . norad said the pulse dissipated before it left the atmosphere . could be all this sound and fury was for absolutely nothing . now , our first priority is to help the hospital personnel restore order here , okay ? and then i want all of you who were infected with this thing to be checked out by ntac medical . you including me in that order ? because i 'm not sure- - you were infected , because if you 're standing here telling me you weren 't , i 'm putting a date on that letter of resignation . i was definitely infected . i thought so . we could use a little help policing the area here , and we need to get rid of these tools before one of the patients hurts themselves . you heard the man . excuse me. dr. clayton ? kevin ... did you just speak to me ? i guess i did . i haven 't said anything for a long time , have i ? try six years . i can think again too . i don 't know what happened , but ... i feel ... better . you had me followed ? i could have had your conversation recorded . i just thought that might be pushing it . god , kyle 's right . i am some kind of prisoner . shawn , i 've told you , you can leave here any time you want , and i meant it , but until you do , i will not allow these shadows from your past to alter your perceptions of what it is we 're trying to accomplish here . you 're too important . no , no , you mean you need me to help bring in the big checks . shawn , the money ... is a means to an end . the goal is what matters . ensure the future . save the planet . i can 't do that without you . you want proof the future works in mysterious ways ? look no further than mr. kevin burkhoff . yeah , instead of contacting the future , we got him . well , not as disappointing as it might seem at first blush . burkhoff was a tenured professor of neurochemistry at stanford university . neuroscience . only class i ever got a " b " in . yeah , you 're not alone . only a handful of people work at the top of the field at any given time . our mr. burkhoff was the heir apparent , until he suffered his first delusion at the age of 30 , and he was institutionalized two years later . what was he working on ? you want a ripple effect ? how 's this ? burkhoff specialized in dormant neural pathways . he was trying to wake up parts of the brain that we can 't use . parts that would do what ? well , parts that could lead to all kinds of special new abilities , like ... precognition . right , marco ? precognition , telekinesis ... stop me if any of this sounds familiar . maia rutledge . orson bailey . you 're saying that burkhoff is the father of the 4400 technology ? it 's possible . and we just woke him up .
