 Oblongs , Oblongs Down in the valley where a chemical spill Came from the people living up on the Hill There 's a family by the landfill with hazardous foam In their happy glowing home Oblongs I 'm hungry. I don 't like these foodless meals . - Shut your stomach up . - lt 's not my stomach , it 's your stomach . Boys , please . You know there 's only one stomach ' twixt the two of you . Pickles , dear , any luck finding something to eat ? Because we 're all- - lf you love me , why not share your love handle ? - Hey , I found some croutons . - Good Lord , serve them up . Honey , these are dice . Excuse me , do you take this stool softener internally or just apply it directly to the stool ? I 'd like two pounds of flank steak suitable for braising . And no bovine growth hormone . I don 't need another one of these . - Cleanup on aisle nine . Cleanup on aisle- - - Get them off ! Get them off ! Hallelujah , I 'm home . As soon as we get home , Mommy 's gonna spend some quality time with you . Oh , boy . Hello ? Oh , no , that 's impossible . Beth is right- - We 'll be right down . Pickles , did you forget Beth again ? I could 've sworn she drove us home . Careful there , little lady . That 's mace . My retina ! Oh , she really got you there , J.J. Get him out of here . Beth . Oh , baby , Mommy 's so sorry . I hope you don 't think us terrible parents . Well , we don 't expect much from you valley folk . But you might wanna consider having your wife spayed . - lsn 't that just for dogs ? - Horses too . This ain 't the first time this has happened . - You 'd best learn to keep an eye on them . - l think I can take care of my child . Yo , Beth , see you on the outside . Don 't be no one 's bitch . I 'm a horrible mother . Now , you stop that . You know perfectly well you 're a fairly good mother . Saturday , visit the Botanical Gardens . I know it sounds boring , but listen to my voice . Do I sound bored ? Goodness , no . Why ? Because the flesh-eating Phallu-montus plant is coming to- - - Hill Valley . - It 's long . It eats . It 's long . So come on down and see the Phallu-montus . Also , Grand Funk Railroad . I 'll bet Beth would love to see that . Sure , let 's all go . We 'll have a family day . I mean ... that sounds like fun . Gadzooks , this is exciting . They 've got the hall of seeds the world 's tiniest log and an interactive exhibit where you can rake your own leaf . Lordy , where to start ? How about we start the car and drive someplace fun ? Okay , mister , that goes on your permanent sass record . Don 't worry about Beth . Today she gets my full attention . Honey . Beth . Beth , honey . Oh , thank God. I 've been lost in here for so long . Do you have any news from the outside ? I don 't know . Rouge is called blush now . Madness . Madness . Why are all those guys so excited about photosynthesis ? Well , son , I imagine they 're trying to slake their thirst for knowledge . As the sun 's energy causes the carbon oxygen bond to vibrate faster and faster and faster and faster- - - Professor Jodi- - - Shut up ! Cool , it 's gonna lurch . That 's the grossest thing I 've ever seen . - Let 's do it again . - Yeah . Beth , I said wait for Mommy . Where are we ? Beth , you 've got to calm down . - Okay . Can I finish your espresso ? - Sure . - Hey , sugar . How 's it going ? - Our little girl is a handful . But I never let her out of my sight . Oh , my God ! Somebody save that child ! Beth , swing to Mommy . Aim for my bosom . You saw it , folks. lt was self-defense . Plant a knife on that thing . Officer , arrest that woman . She 's an unfit mother and a whore to boot . The lady 's white and she 's got a Bible . We better do what she says . - But , sheriff . - Sorry , Mrs. Oblong , just doing my job . Plant a knife on her . Mrs. Oblong , you have left your daughter at the mall an off-track betting parlor , in a giblet bucket at the slaughterhouse ... - ... Akron , Ohio- - - Your honor ... - ... if the mother 's unfit , you must acquit . - Sweetie , that doesn 't make sense . It doesn 't have to. lt rhymes . Mrs. Oblong , you need to learn to be a more responsible parent . I therefore sentence you to community service as a den mother to your local Little Amazon troop . - Did you hear me ? - Yeah , yeah , I heard you . We don 't want any cookies . Go away . Mom , that 's your Little Amazon troop . You know , your 200 hours of community service ? They 're all that stands between you and doing a nickel in the joint . My girls , come in , come in . Mrs. Oblong , as spokesperson for Troop 1 3 I just want to express our sincere appreciation for being our den mother . Does anyone know what the hell she just said ? Two hundred hours , starting now . Welcome , Little Amazons . I am Verdelle Diver , your regional coordinator . If you 're like me , you 'll find that Amazoning can open up exciting new worlds and lifestyles . In 1 91 4 , our founder , Beatrice Douche and her friend , Blacksmith Lil set out on a journey of self-discovery that would one day become the Little Amazons . The organization really blossomed when the scourge of war sent our fighting men off to kill in foreign lands . With the men gone , Beatrice and her Little Amazons turned their sights to domestic chores and comforting one another . Sadly , the war ended and the men returned . Since then , the Little Amazons have come to stand for honor , duty and the delicious wonder of the girl-on-girl bond . Good luck and goddess bless . You must be a Little Amazon because you 're much too young to be a den mother . You 're barking up the wrong tree , Mac . Time will tell . So the valley kids have finally got a den mother . - Now they 're an official troop . - Not so fast . - Hello , Pristine . - Pickles . Unfortunately , the bylaws clearly stipulate that a troop must consist of five or more girls , and she only has four . I say four because that 's only a half , and that 's at least one and a half . Well , it was fun while it lasted , girls . Don 't be strangers . But Mommy , I wanna be an " Anamanazon . " I 'm sorry , honey. it 's not as if we can build a girl out of spare parts . It 's true. I 've tried . Maybe there 's another way . - Well , what 's the other way ? - Oh , right , right . I really , really , really don 't wanna do this . Come on , sweetie . You 're a stone-cold fox . - Yeah , but all the guys will think- - Really ? - Absolutely . I 've never done better work . - l 've got a wedgy . - lt 's a thong . Relax and accept the string . Congratulations , you 're a troop . Here , have some merit badges . I got hygiene . In all good conscience , I can 't accept this . None of us can . They 're supposed to be a reward for hard work . Hard work , eh ? Come on , I 'm dirty . Put some elbow grease into it . Hey , little girl . Need a hand ? - Hi , Dad . - Steady , man . He 's still a human being . Son , I want you to know I 'm not disgusted . I support you and love you . I don 't know how I 'm going to explain this to your mother . Mom did this to me . They always do . Okay , girls , what do you wanna wax today , the floors or me ? - What about the cookie drive ? - Cookie drive ? Yeah , we have to sell cookies to earn our entry fee for the jamboree . Jambor- - Does this crap ever end ? It 's not crap . This is good stuff . All right , I 've been crocheting and loving it . How cute is this ? It 's adorable , Milo . I wonder if you 'd mind crocheting me a noose so I can hang myself . - l 'll take it . - But we didn 't tell you what we 're selling . - l don 't care. I 'm a pleaser . - Score . You just bought the whole wagon , bright eyes . Someone ate the cookies . Well , well , if it isn 't Mr. Denzel Washington come back to beg for my forgiveness . Sir , I 'm just a little boy in drag selling cookies . This house is made of Play-Doh . I got 400 honeybees in the parlor . - Let 's get out of here ! - Denzel , come on back . Eskimo kisses . Well , I don 't know , but I 've been told Marry a man who 's rich and old Sound off One , two , three , four One , two , three , four We 've sold three pallets of cookies . - How are your little trolls doing ? - l ate three pallets . You losers will never raise enough money to go to the jamboree . You 're the losers . Okay , so maybe you are pretty and rich and smart and popular . I 'm done talking now . Ciao , Pickles . We 'll send you a postcard from the jamboree . At the double time , prissy skip . Well , I don 't know , but it 's been said Don 't sign a prenup when you wed The Debbies are right . We are losers . No , you 're not . None of you are . And if you girls wanna go to the jamboree , then , by God , you 're gonna go . No matter how gay it is . It 's too late now . We 'll never raise 500 dollars in time . Maybe not selling cookies . If you wanna earn some quick scratch , there 's no place better than the big city . - Does everyone have their parts down ? - Here comes a good mark . - Hi , kids . - Mr . Bergstein I just won eleven-ty million dollars . Wow , I sure could go for some easy cash . Two hundred and seventy-four dollars and my suit of clothes . I guess I won 't starve as long as I 've got that walnut tree . The subway station is sucker city . Observe . You poor , unfortunate creature . Yeah , it 's not easy being blind . Oh , my God . You 're blind too ? Here , take it all . I saw the whole thing . You 're gonna pay , mister . You ran over that poor little girl . Oh , my God . Pickles , what have I done ? Oh , Bob . Never mind . What about Peggy ? Will she be okay ? Oh , Lord , what made me think I could drive ? Well , Pristine , these girls may just give you a run for your money at the jamboree games . Yeah , we 're gonna wipe your butts . We 'll just see who does the wiping . I 'm a little nervous about this jamboree , Bob . These girls are depending on me . Don 't worry , sug-y . We 'll get through it together . What do you mean , we ? Oh , I thought I 'd come along and , you know , do everything . - You don 't think I can do this , do you ? - Don 't be silly . Now stuff me in your backpack , but watch out for the spork . Let me tell you something . These are my girls and I 'm not gonna let them down . Now if you 'll excuse me , we 've got a jamboree to win . Hey , you 're not Little Amazons . Duh . We 're the Theatracats . We 're on our way to see Les Mis . Welcome to the jamboree games . A test of your ability to survive in the wilderness while maintaining the poise and dignity of a lady . That was some road trip . Where 's the crapper ? My girls have prepared a lovely pine cone tartare accented with grub worm chutney and just a soupçon of pond scum . And for dessert , beaver whiskers . Bravo , girls . Gorgeous spread . Next up , Troop 1 3 . Don 't touch her . Throw dirt on her . More dirt ! Stop . Stop . I 'm really drowning . That horribly ugly little girl is a horribly ugly little boy . A man in our midst . That 's the ultimate offense . You are all hereby banished from the Little Amazons for life . You are not certified to drink your own urine . Sorry , girls. I did my best . I didn 't know it would ... . Now are we losers , Mommy ? Just me , honey . Our team 's number one Your team 's number two Come on , everybody Do the Debbie boogaloo Debbie stole the cookie From the cookie jar - Who , me ? - Yes , you - Couldn 't be - Then who ? Debbie stole the cookie From the cookie jar We believe the children Are the future Teach us well And let us lead the way I can 't take it anymore . Out . Get out ! Every one of you fluff balls , out , out , out ! Don 't be scared , girls . At least we 're out of the wilderness . Queer . Here , take my money . Just don 't fondle me . Not a problem , ma 'am . I 'm as gay as springtime . Why didn 't you do something ? That was all my money . Okay , girls , we know what to do in the big city . Beth , check out that tag . This is the turf of the Ninth Street Shriners . All right , everybody watch out for drive-bys in tiny cars . I left my brassiere at camp . Anyway , we 've gotta get out of here . Now which way is home ? It 's chipped beef and chemical castration night at the north end shelter which means those bums are racing due south . We go east . If you wanna live , come with us . Oh , yeah . Boss me , butchie . - Nice work , kid . - Ain 't no thing . I can 't go on. I 'm weak from hunger . We 're all going to starve in this icky alley . I 'm too blond to die . Pristine , get ahold of yourself . - l 'm okay now . - l 'll tell you when you 're okay . All right , happy hour 's over . What does that mean , girls ? The bars are getting rid of their leftover buffalo wings . And assorted tangy sauces . This way . All right , the highway . Get those thumbs out , girls . Nice leg beard . We can only fit one of you . We 'll take her . Don 't worry , Pristine . Truck drivers are the modern-day cowboy . Party . We might as well just give up . We 're never going to get home . Look . Semper fi . And so it is my honor to present you all with a special new merit badge for urban survival . Congratulations . I 'm proud of you , dear . And I 'm tickled pink you 're not a transvestite . Thanks for everything , Mrs. Oblong . Will you still be our den mother ? Gosh , I don 't know what to say . These last few weeks have been so wonderful . I 've learned about love , responsibility , sisterhood- - That 's 200 hours . See you . Don 't worry , she 'll get arrested again soon . Subtitles by : BloodLogic [ english ]
