 Heart , heart , heart ... just one more heart . You might as well be showing us your hand , Neelix . This is a game of strategy , deception . Never let the opponents know your hand . Right . Right . Ten . I see your ten and raise you 20 . Neelix ? I 'm thinking ... 20 ... another 20 . If I didn 't know any better , I 'd say we 're being hustled . Ensign ... Oh , I 'm not buying the innocent Talaxian routine . I don 't know what you 're talking about . I 've - l 've ... This is the first time I 've played ... What is it called ? Poker . Look , why don 't we make things a little more interesting ? Forget the chips . Let 's bet on tomorrow 's work detail , all right ? Whoever wins this hand gets the morning off . I 'm in . I 'm in . Sounds good to me . What have you got ? Two pair . Does ... does that beat a flush ? I knew you were bluffing . That beats me . Tom ? Battle stations ! And I had a full house . I can 't shake ' em . Return fire . Why didn 't our sensors detect them ? It looks like they used a dispersal field to mask their approach . Warp drive ? No luck . Too much damage to the plasma injectors . Harry , get down there and see what you can do . Shields down 18 percent . Harry , status ? I need time to clear the injectors . Sir , the cube 's power output is fluctuating . Then we 're still in the game . Bring us about . Target their propulsion matrix . We 've lost phasers . Arm photon torpedoes . Fire when ready . We knocked out their main propulsion system . Good . Now get us out of here , Tom . They 've got us in a tractor beam . Harry , we need warp power now . We lost two more relays . I can 't ! Harry ? Engines are off - line . We are the Borg . Your biological and technological distinctiveness will be added to our own . Resistance is futile . Neelix . Neelix ! Commander ? It 's all right . You were unconscious , but I don 't think you 're injured . I was dreaming you 'd been assimilated . Your subconscious was jumping the gun , but not by much . From the look of this room , I 'd say we 're in an assimilation chamber . Where 's Harry ? He 's not here . Well , we 've got to find him . We need to get our bearings first , figure out what 's going on . We 're in a Borg cube , and Harry 's missing . That 's what 's going on . Sir ... Nobody we know . Some kind of botched assimilation ? From the looks of it . What are they waiting for ? They 've got three more potential drones here ! Stay calm . Calm ? We 're in the chamber of horrors , or haven 't you noticed ? We 're not drones yet . If we keep our heads , maybe we can find a way out . There 's a force field around this room . Let 's try to disable it . Their ion trail ends directly ahead . I 'm detecting another vessel , bearing 30 mark 1 12 . It 's a Borg cube . Red Alert . Alter course to intercept . Adjust shields to rotating frequencies . Have they detected us ? Unclear . The vessel 's holding position . As soon as we 're within sensor range , start scanning for the away team . On screen . Their propulsion system is off - line . The damage is not that severe . The drones should 've repaired it by now . Lucky for us they didn 't , or we 'd never have caught up with them . Any sign of our people ? Not yet . They are targeting our warp core . Shields are holding . Return fire . Aim for their weapons array . Now they 're going after our impulse engines . That one was meant for our sensors . They can 't seem to make up their minds . Their attack strategy is erratic , inefficient . And finished . We 've disabled their weapons . That was too easy . Maybe they 're in worse shape than we thought . I 'm picking up non - Borg life signs . One of them is definitely Talaxian . It looks as though they haven 't been assimilated yet . Try to get a transporter lock . Their shields are interfering . Target their shield generator and fire . Captain , I believe I can explain the unusual behavior of these Borg . There should be thousands of drones manning the vessel , but I 'm picking up only five signatures . We are the Borg . You will be assimilated . Resistance is futile . It doesn 't sound like they 've lost their confidence . Their shield generators are too deep inside the vessel . Our weapons can 't reach them . Open a channel . Borg vessel , this is the Starship Voyager . You 're holding our crewmen . We 're willing to cease firing if you return them . Negotiation is irrelevant . You will be assimilated . Not today and not by you . Agree , or I 'll resume firing . They are scanning us . We will return your crew members in exchange for specific technology . Talk about unusual behavior . The Borg negotiating ? What technology ? Your navigational deflector . Disengage it from your secondary hull . Mute audio . If we surrender our deflector , we 'll be dead in space . We won 't be able to go to warp . What would they want with it ? When their communications array was damaged , it severed their link to the collective . They intend to adapt our deflector to regain it . And call for reinforcements ? That 's the last thing we need . We 'll have to stall them until we can find another way out of this . I 'll consider the exchange , but first I want to be certain my crewmen are unharmed and alive . You have scanned our vessel . Our scans were inconclusive . We want to see them for ourselves . You may transport one individual . Seven . Proceed to Grid 63 , Subjunction 01 . State your designation . Seven of Nine . These drones have not fully matured . Where are the others ? There are no others . The drones aboard this vessel were ... deactivated . We are the Borg . Seven of Nine - - a Borg designation . She 's like us . Not like us . She 's damaged . Her infrastructure has been removed . We could fix her . You will add to our perfection . You are neonatal drones . You should still be in maturation chambers . We 've matured long enough . Doubtful . Your thoracic nodes haven 't formed yet . You 're incomplete . You 'll continue to malfunction . You must return to your maturation chambers . Comply . Don 't listen to her . We tried to go back in . The chambers were off - line . What happened to the adult drones ? We don 't know . irrelevant . Don 't tell her anything . This vessel has been severely damaged . You won 't be able to repair it alone . I can help you , but first you must release the hostages . That wasn 't the agreement . I 've modified the agreement . I didn 't realize I 'd be dealing with children . Your behavior is erratic . I can 't be certain that you ... No modifications . We show you the hostages ; you give us the deflector . Comply . Comply . Take me to them . If she tries to resist ... assimilate her . Do you have a designation ? Second . You were the second to emerge from the chambers . No , the first . I could not establish order . I became second ... and he became first . So you 've established a chain of command - - a hierarchy . We 're a collective . A collective of five on a vessel normally run by 5,000 . What makes you think you 'll survive ? When we reestablish our link with the Borg , they will come for us . Commander , we 've got company . I wish to see if they 're injured . - Seven ? - Don 't let their appearance fool you . They are in control of this vessel and all of its armaments . Are you injured ? Nothing serious . The previous tenant . We were trying to perfect our assimilation techniques . You failed . One of these captives was attempting to disconnect the security field . Actually , I was just trying to ... That was unnecessary . He is not permanently damaged . He learned his lesson . The Borg are prepared to negotiate for your release . I will return for you . Give my regards to Harry . The deflector array . I 'm not authorized to give you technology . I must report back to Captain Janeway . Agreed . I also need to take an adult drone and a datanode back to Voyager for analysis . Why ? Something happened on this vessel that none of us understand . If it happens again , it could endanger all of you . No sign of Harry yet , but there are parts of the cube that we still can 't scan . Could the drones be holding him in another location ? Unlikely . Seven said they didn 't seem to be aware of his presence . If he ejected in an escape pod , we would have detected his beacon by now . Try to activate his combadge . Match the carrier wave to a Borg interlink frequency . They shouldn 't detect it . Aye , Captain . What have we learned from our friend here ? The bigger they come , the harder they fall . Behold the David that slew our Goliath . A pathogen ? A spaceborne virus that adapted to Borg physiology . It 's inert now , but in its virulent state , it attacked the drones and killed them . Why weren 't the juveniles infected ? The maturation chamber is designed to protect developing drones . Malfunctions caused by the deaths of the adults lead several of the chambers to open prematurely . Does this pathogen only target the Borg ? The Borg and other cybernetic organisms it encounters . You 're not thinking of using it as a biological weapon . If we can revive the pathogen and reintroduce it , we could neutralize the drones without harming the away team . Neutralize ? You mean " murder , " don 't you ? Captain , they 're children . Need I remind you that these " children " have committed murder themselves in their futile attempts to assimilate others . Seven ... tell me something . You saw them , talked to them . Do you think they 'll kill the hostages if we don 't give them what they want ? Yes . I want that pathogen as an option , Doctor , but I won 't consider using it until I 've seen these drones for myself . Think you can arrange that ? Then you 're with me . Computer , identify the source of this com signal . Starship Voyager . I need to respond on the same carrier wave . That procedure will require significant modifications . Well , don 't worry . I 'm way ahead of you . Why are you here ? I wanted to make a new proposal . We 've already negotiated . You 've seen the hostages . Now give us the deflector as agreed . Maybe it 's hard for you to accept , but you don 't have to rejoin the hive . Our Doctor can remove your implants , you can come with us . You were individuals yourselves not long ago - - children with families . You were abducted and assimilated . I recognize your species . You 're Brunali . And you 're Norcadian . Do you remember your world ? A Theta - Class planetoid . Population : 260 million . Binary suns . And what did it look like when those suns set each night ? Can you remember that ? irrelevant ! The deflector , now . We need more time . That deflector array is essential to our ... No . Give it to us . Or what ? You 'll assimilate me ? That won 't solve your problem . I can 't give you Voyager 's deflector , but maybe we can repair your technology . Clarify . Seven knows a good deal about Borg systems . You have two hours . I don 't know the extent of the damage . It could take longer . Two hours ... or your hostages die . Don 't come back here , Captain . I bought us another two hours . The pathogen ? It should be ready by then . Did you see the away team ? I 'm afraid not . But Seven assured me our people haven 't been harmed . I can 't believe we 're negotiating with adolescent drones . They 're not exactly drones . Mature Borg are predictable . They 'll ignore you or assimilate you , but these ... juveniles , they 're unstable . They are contemptuous of authority , convinced that they are superior - - typical adolescent behavior for any species . It 's a transmission ... from the cube . Seven ? No . It 's Harry . I 'm clearing it up now . Delta Flyer to Voyager . Respond . We 're receiving you , Ensign . Where are you ? Still in the Flyer . It 's locked up in some kind of hangar bay along with two alien ships . I 've isolated his coordinates . How close is he to their shield generator ? Roughly 800 meters . Harry , are there any plasma charges aboard the Flyer ? Yes , ma 'am . In that case , how do you feel about going for a little walk ? I could use the exercise . Tuvok will guide you to the shield generator . If you destroy it , you won 't have to make the trip back . Understood . I have the technology you 've requested . Thank you . You were a drone for 18 years . Correct . I accessed your datafile . Why ? I thought it might be relevant . What else did you learn ? You were assimilated as a juvenile , like us . My parents were scientists studying the Borg . They took me with them . My childhood was short . Childhood ? The years between birth and physical maturity , when humanoids adapt to their roles as individuals . Perhaps you have memory of yours . I don 't know . What about your parents ? Do you remember them ? No . No memories . Your subvocal processor is malfunctioning . I can repair it for you . It 's a slight adjustment . It won 't be painful . The first told me my malfunction could not be repaired , until we reconnected with the collective . This color ... My mother 's hair ... was this color . I thought we agreed - - no irrelevant discussions . What is the punishment for disobeying the protocols ? Deactivation . I engaged him in this discussion . Return to your station . I found some unsettling information . I examined their communication records . The collective did receive the drones ' initial distress call . How long before they arrive ? A vessel was not dispatched . The collective declared the neonatal drones irrelevant and severed their link to the hive permanently . They see them as damaged , unworthy of reassimilation . Precisely . Are the drones aware of this ? No . They don 't have the ability to decrypt the message . Once they learn they 've been rejected by the hive , they won 't need our deflector . They might be willing to release the hostages . Normally when drones learn they 're irrelevant , they deactivate themselves . But these neonatal drones are unpredictable . They may not adhere to Borg protocols . There is another option . We could invite them to Voyager . When they realize they have no place else to go ... lf you 're suggesting transforming them into individuals , that would be extremely difficult . You turned out pretty well , Seven . That 's because I was prepared before you encountered me . What do you mean ? When I was first captured by the Borg , I was young and frightened . I watched my parents assimilated . Then I was placed in a maturation chamber , and the hive mind began to restructure my synaptic pathways , purge my individuality . When I emerged five years later , the turmoil of my forced assimilation had been replaced with order . You may not be aware of this , Captain , but that order continues to be a source of strength for me . I could not have regained my humanity without it . I appreciate your insights . But just because they didn 't have the benefit of your Borg upbringing , doesn 't mean we 're going to turn our backs on them . There has to be another way . Not all drones can be saved , Captain . Continue the repairs aboard the Borg cube . We 'll hold onto this information for now . Yes , Captain . They do have one thing going for them . You . If there 's anyone who can reach them , it 's you . Three of hearts on a transwarp conduit . Ensign ? King of clubs ... on a power coupling . I 'm marking my route with playing cards in case I have to come back this same way . You shouldn 't distract yourself , Mr. Kim . I need a little distraction . This hike is bringing up some bad memories . An earlier visit to a Borg cube ? Nope , haunted house my parents took me to when I was six . Borg vessels may be forbidding , but they are not haunted . Tuvok ? Turn left , Ensign . Nine of diamonds on a data node . The resonance field collapsed . It 'll take an hour to reinitialize . These delays are intentional . I 'm working as efficiently as I can . Examine my work for yourself if you have doubts . This data 's flawed . More likely it 's your understanding of quadric field theory that 's flawed . Ignore her . She 's trying to divide us . They rely on you . Yet you lack the skills necessary to ensure their survival . We 've managed so far . We 're Borg . You 've forgotten what that means . The unity of the collective ... common goals ... the quest for perfection ... I have not forgotten . But you don 't need to remain drones to experience those things . Come back with me to Voyager . 38 minutes . You 're wasting time . Another maturation chamber is malfunctioning . Its autonomic nervous system is failing . It 's Borg . It will adapt . It 's not adapting . Let Seven help . We can modulate the stasis field to stabilize its functions at least temporarily . Assist me . The field is degrading . We need to transport it into an incubation pod - - quickly . Why is it doing that ? It 's respiratory system is impaired . And this incubation pod is malfunctioning . We must transport this infant to Voyager . No . The drone is part of our collective . Not if it dies . Tetryon levels are rising . I 'm getting closer . The shield generator should be directly ahead . I see it . The first charge is in place . Tuvok ? Hello ? You left these . I like her . She looks like Seven of Nine . is Seven your friend ? You know , she 's my friend , too . Maybe someday ... Your weapon won 't work here . Dampening field . How long has it been since you lost contact ? Four or five minutes . His bio - signs ? Doctor to the Captain . Please report to Sick Bay immediately . On my way . Keep looking for him . What 's the emergency ? I thought you should see for yourself . Somebody left a bundle on our doorstep . I turned around and there she was , lying on a bio - bed . Seven must have beamed her here . A good thing , too . A few more minutes and I wouldn 't have been able to do anything for her . It 's hard to believe she could grow up to be a drone . Hold her for a moment while I take some readings . Oh. I guess she just wanted to be held . Oh . The pathogen . I finished synthesizing it . Start working with Tuvok on a way to deploy the virus . Captain , you don 't seriously plan to use it . If I have to . Let 's just hope your brothers and sisters don 't force my hand . You complain of delays , then you interrupt my work . Can you identify this ? It 's a plasma charge . You tried to deceive us . Nanoprobes were injected into his bloodstream . He won 't survive without medical attention . Call your Captain . Tell her to give us the deflector . That won 't be necessary . I only need a few more minutes to repair ... No more delays . No more deceptions . The deflector . Resistance is futile . Comply . Return Harry Kim ; then we 'll talk . We 've talked enough . Your requests are irrelevant . Comply , or we 'll assimilate the others . It 'll take us at least an hour to dismantle the deflector and transfer the components ... Now . I can 't give it to you now . It 's complex technology that 's part of our ship . We can 't simply remove it , and no amount of threats from you is going to change that . They 've locked a tractor beam onto the deflector . They 're trying to tear it off . Hull stress is increasing . Breaches on Decks 10 and 1 1 . lncrease shield strength and randomize the harmonics . They 're adapting . Even with Voyager 's deflector , your efforts to return to the hive will fail . They 'll come for us . No , they won 't . The Borg received your message , but chose to ignore it . They consider you irrelevant . irrelevant ? We are damaged . They don 't want us . Ignore her . It 's another lie . Their reply is in data grid 426 . Use decryption protocol theta - 3 . Return to your station . It 's another deception . She 's manipulating us . The transmission is authentic . It 's a mistake . The collective does not tolerate imperfection . Then we 'll assimilate more species ... prove we 're worthy . Hull stress is reaching critical levels . Reroute all emergency power to structural integrity . That 'll buy us another minute at most . Captain , I found a fluctuation in their shield grid near a plasma duct . It 's too intermittent to beam out the hostages , but we could use it to deploy the pathogen . Captain ... Not yet . There is no alternative . There 's always an alternative . We just need to find it . Their tractor beam draws power from the same grid as their shield matrix . If we use the deflector to send a feedback pulse along the beam , it could disrupt their shields . Do it . Rerouting more plasma . If this doesn 't work , it 'll do more damage to us than the cube . It 'll work . Prepare to fire . You have no future with the Borg ... but you do with Voyager - - a chance to reclaim your real lives . What do you know about real lives ? Does he speak for all of you ? You should make your decisions yourself , as individuals . They are sending a feedback pulse through our tractor beam . It 's overloading our shield matrix . Adapt ! Their tractor beam is fluctuating . Their shields are dropping . I 've got a partial lock on the away team . Boosting the confinement beam . I 've got three of them . Confirmed . Chakotay , Paris and Neelix are in Transporter Room 2 . What about Seven and Harry ? They must be in a section that 's still shielded . Amplify the feedback pulse . The other captives are gone . The shields around this chamber are failing . Instructions . Lower your shields . Lower the shields ! No ! Leave her alone . Get back to your station . Do what I say . What you say ? I thought we were a collective . One mind , one voice . I protected you ... gave you order . Your order . Your rules . Their feedback pulse is overloading the induction grids . This vessel will be destroyed . We must evacuate . No ! Assist me ! You 're damaged . Lie still . We have to resist . The collective will come for us . His cortical implants are depolarizing . I can 't help him . We 'll find a new home . You 'll see . W - we are Borg . Yes . We are Borg . Lower the shields . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Harry is recovering in Sick Bay , and the rest of the away team is safe and sound . As for the drones , the Doctor 's removed most of their implants , leaving us with four very troubled children . We 've sent out calls to any Brunali and Norcadian ships that might be in the vicinity , but we haven 't gotten any responses so far , and we 're still trying to figure out where the other two came from . It may take a while . They could use the time . They have a great deal to learn . It might help if they had someone around who knew what they 're up against . I 've never been responsible for children . Mr. Neelix would be a wiser choice . From what I 've seen , you 're the one they 've established a bond with . They 'll be looking to you for guidance . Perhaps I could ... help them avoid some of the obstacles I 've encountered . Do we have to regenerate now ? Yes . But first ... I was able to salvage your assimilation profiles . They include your names and some limited biographical data . Icheb . My name was lcheb . Your name is lcheb . I remember now . It was my father 's second name . My designation is Mezoti . It - it 's a pretty name . Yes , it is ... and it 's all yours . Azan and Rebi ... I 'll tell you more about them tomorrow . Computer , decrease ambient lighting by 60 percent . Good night . Sweet dreams .
