 You 're late . There was a problem with the pulse drills on Level 4 . They 're going to be here any moment . I want to make a good impression . You 're certain we should be doing this ? Orek will be pleased that we took the initiative . Oh. I hope you 're right . Welcome to Telsius . Thank you . I 'm Captain Kathryn Janeway . This is Commander Tuvok . We 're from the Federation Starship Voyager . We have several mines like this on Earth . I 'm not familiar with Earth . That 's because it 's 30,000 light - years from here . 30,342.4 , to be exact . You 're a long way from home . It 's difficult sometimes . Then I close my eyes and think of the farm in Indiana , where l grew up , and for a moment , I 'm home again . Shall we get down to business ? Yes . Uh , we 've had a shortage of dilithium for the last two months . If we can 't replenish our supply , we may be forced to suspend work . Our Chief of Mining Operations has gone to the Grenna system ... Yeah , but , um , we are authorized to conduct trades in his absence . What are you prepared to trade ? I 'm afraid the only commodity we have is , uh , bolomite . We really don 't have much use for that . On the contrary , Captain . Bolomite is used in omega radiation therapy . The orphans on Narva ... Orphans ? The settlers on the Narva Colony were exposed to toxic levels of omega radiation . The entire adult population ... was killed . We 're doing all we can for the children . All right . 20 kilotons of dilithium for an equivalent amount of bolomite . We only have ten kilotons left . Then ten it is . Captain , I must point out that dilithium is worth nearly twice as much as bolomite . Tuvok , these people need our help . I 'm not going to quibble over a few tons of ore . Perhaps we should celebrate . I wish we could , but there 's a neutronic storm approaching our ship . We should be leaving orbit . Um , give us an hour to finalize the arrangements . We 'll be waiting to hear from you . Before we leave , would it be possible to tour your facility ? It 's our duty as Starfleet officers to ... Unfortunately , the storm won 't wait . Maybe on our next visit . Live long and prosper . Oh , this hair is so uncomfortable . I find it aesthetically pleasing . The negotiations ? It would 've been perfect if " Tuvok " hadn 't decided to improvise . I was portraying my character as truthfully as possible . Once we finish a transaction , we leave . is that clear ? Indeed . Incoming transmission for Captain Janeway . Ready . This is Captain Janeway . The bolomite is ready for transport . We thank you for your generosity . Directive 927 of the Starfleet General Order : " Always help those in need . " Transport complete . We 've enjoyed meeting you , gentlemen . Uh , Captain , uh , we haven 't received the dilithium yet . Oh , the neutronic storm seems to be interfering with our transporters . If we don 't leave orbit immediately we will sustain heavy damage . What about our dilithium ? We 'll be back to deliver it as soon as the storm clears . Well , how long will that be ? Captain Janeway out . Let 's go . Computer , activate the sonic shower . Oh ... adjust the frequency . Whew ! Computer , deactivate the sonic shower ! Report . We 've got systems failures on eight decks , Captain . That explains why my sonic shower was a little louder than usual . Make that nine decks . I 've run every diagnostic l know , and I can 't seem to isolate the problem . Gremlins . Excuse me ? In the early days of aviation , engineers blamed imaginary little creatures called gremlins for malfunctions they could not explain . Well , one of your gremlins just paid a visit to the replicator system . Tuvok , we saved you a seat . What 's wrong ? Someone has altered one of my holodeck programs ... again . Hmm . Are you sure it isn 't just one of these malfunctions ? Everything on the ship 's been affected , including the holodecks . The Oracle of K 'Tal isn 't programmed to wear pajamas . Well , maybe he overslept . I am not amused by your practical jokes , Mr. Paris . Why do you always think it 's me ? Mr. Kim ? Mmm. I 'd like to claim credit , but I 'm innocent . The next time I visit the holodeck , I expect to find my program restored to its original parameters . I 'm telling you , Tuvok , we didn 't do it . I wonder how the Oracle would look in a sombrero . Everybody , stop eating . Captain , what 's wrong ? If I could have everyone 's attention for a moment . We found a contaminant in the replicator system . It 's nothing serious , but if any of you start to feel a little queasy , report to Sick Bay immediately . In the meantime , the galley is closed . Wish I hadn 't had seconds . Here . Well , that explains it . Well , don 't tell me a simple heating coil in the stove is responsible for everything that 's gone wrong this morning . Any component connected to the integrated circuitry can spread a contaminant . This isn 't Starfleet issue . Where did it come from ? I obtained it during a trade . With whom ? Sister Dala . " Sister " ? One of the clerics on Selnia Prime . Tom and I met her during our away mission . She was the one trying to help all those poor orphans . It 's , it 's , it 's all in our report . Did you run a diagnostic before you installed it ? Captain to the Bridge . I 'm a little busy now . Can it wait ? I 'm afraid not . I 'll be right back . One excuse after another . You 're stalling , and I don 't have time for it . Captain , this is Mr. Orek . He 's Chief of Mining Operations on Telsius Prime . A problem , Mr. Orek ? Not if your deliver our dilithium . Dilithium ? It 's all clearly documented . Ten kilotons of bolomite ore in exchange for ten kilotons of dilithium . I think there 's been some sort of misunderstanding . One way or another , I intend to collect what you owe me . We 've enjoyed meeting you , gentlemen . Uh , Captain , uh , we haven 't received the dilithium yet . Oh , the neutronic storm seems to be interfering with our transporters . If we don 't leave orbit immediately , we will sustain heavy damage . What about our dilithium ? We 'll be back to deliver it as soon as the storm clears . Do you still deny you made the trade ? That woman isn 't me . Who is she , then ? Well , she 's obviously an impostor . I have transmission logs , transport records , scans of your shuttlecraft . I have never been to your planet , Mr. Orek , aboard Voyager or any other vessel . Our ship 's logs will confirm what the Captain 's been telling you . And how do I know they 're authentic records ? How do we know your records are authentic ? You think I falsified data ? Why would I do that ? Perhaps to extort dilithium from us . I 'm not the thief here . We are not questioning your integrity , Mr. Orek . It does appear you 've been cheated , but not by me or anyone on my crew . How naive do you think I am ? First , you prey upon the sympathy of my miners by telling them stories about poor , orphaned children . Now you try to convince me you 're the victims here . Did you say " orphaned children " ? A despicable tactic . Will you excuse me for a minute , please ? We 're not finished ! Neelix . Captain , we 're making real progress with the ... Never mind that . Tell me more about this cleric who gave you the heating coil . Uh , Sister Dala ? What do you want to know ? Everything . Well , Tom and I met her during our away mission . We were on a small planetoid in the Wyanti system , searching for a spore the Doctor wanted to grow antiviral proteins with . I tell you , Neelix , when I first joined Starfleet , I knew it was gonna be one glamorous adventure after another , but I never dreamed that I 'd have the opportunity to go on a mold - hunting expedition . I 'm detecting traces of glamour in this direction . Please , go no further . This is our sanctuary . Our scans didn 't detect anyone down here . Our sect is a solitary one . We dampen our life signs to protect the privacy of our meditations . We 're terribly sorry if we 've disturbed you . Begin the cleansing . Olat mal pri , mal pra , mal prolat , olate kai mi , kal mal , kal molat . I hope we haven 't committed a serious transgression . The transgression was ours . We should have guarded the sanctuary more carefully . The Deities will be angry . Come on , Neelix . We 'd better get out of the way . Of ... of course . Our sincere apologies . I - if there 's anything we can do ... Forgive me , but you look familiar . I don 't think that we 've ever met before . Do you see it ? Yes . You bear a striking resemblance to our Redeemer of Light . I 'm flattered . Each spring , we make a pilgrimage to Narva in his honor , to help the orphans . Well , that 's a very worthy cause . It is . Unfortunately , we have no food to bring them this year . Why not ? A blight infected our hydroponic pods . The crop was destroyed . Maybe we could replicate some food for you . We bestow charity on others . The Deities forbid us from accepting it ourselves . How about a trade ? Yeah . Good idea . You must have something that we can use . That way , you wouldn 't be accepting charity , and the Deities would have nothing to get angry about . Your heart is as kind as your face . May the Deities bless you . That 's when they gave you the heating coil ? It was going to take a while to replicate the supplies they needed , so we invited them back to the Flyer . That 's when they must have gotten access to our systems . Captain ? Did you leave either of them alone at any point ? I don 't think so . Uh , after we ate , Tom took Brother Mobar to see the cockpit , but I stayed in the aft section with Sister Dala , talking . About what ? Well , me , mostly . She wanted to know all about my role on Voyager . Ambassador , Morale Officer , Head Chef . It sounds as though you 're invaluable . I do what I can . Where is your Voyager now ? About three light - years from here . Mmm . Your crew is alone in this region ? We are the only Federation starship within 30,000 light - years . That must be difficult . Sometimes it is , but we manage . We 've single - handedly taken on the Borg , the Hirogen , Species 8472 ... Oh. I 'm impressed . Captain Janeway deserves most of the credit . She 's an extraordinary woman . Your Captain is a woman ? The finest one I 've ever known . Tell me about her . Well , uh ... she 's commanded Voyager for almost six years now . Before that , she was a science officer on the Al - Batani . Where does she come from ? Earth . It 's in the Alpha Quadrant . She grew up on a little farm in a place called Indiana . You 'd like her . I 'm sure I would . Sister Dala . Yes , Brother Mobar . It 's late . We must return to the sanctuary . So soon ? It 's time for the evening meditation . We can 't thank you enough for all you 've done . We 're just glad that we could help . The blessing . Certainly . May the Deities bless these travelers . Tala ot val , tala ot relina , sen tala , sen relina , val golina , su ketran , tala otval , tala ot relina . Then we transported them back to their sanctuary . How long did this blessing last ? No more than a minute or two . That 's probably all they needed . For what ? Just what I thought . The entire database was downloaded 18 days ago . Brother Mobar ... the talisman . It was obviously some sort of scanner . What would a couple of religious clerics want with our database ? It might help if they wanted to pose as Federation officers . Gentlemen , I believe you 've been had . The way I see it , we 're both victims . Your bolomite was stolen , and our reputation has been damaged . What are you proposing ? You said you had scans of the vessel that visited your mining colony . If you allow us to analyze them , we might be able to derive the impostors ' warp signature . We could find them and recover your property before they cheat someone else . This is all difficult for me to believe . Two of your crewmen deceived by clerics ? Humph ! Could they really have been so naive ? A legitimate question . It 's obvious we 're dealing with clever adversaries - - they fooled both of us . But I 'm confident we can stop them . Perhaps I should contact Telsian Security . They have , uh , persuasive methods for determining the truth . In the meantime , the real thieves could be halfway across the sector , with your bolomite in their cargo hold . And finally , our Bridge . is this a typical Federation vessel ? Well , the Delta Flyer may look a little worn , but that 's only because she 's been through so much . This ship has helped fend off the Borg , the Hirogen , Species 8472 . Most of your technology is outdated . Show him the mothership , Mr. Chakotay . The USS Voyager ... intrepid - class . 15 decks of the most advanced technology you 'll find anywhere . Dilithium - powered warp engines , integrated bio - neural circuitry , holodecks ... ls this a typical Federation vessel ? Every ship in the fleet is built to exacting standards . But I 'd be lying if I told you I didn 't think Voyager was exceptional . As her Captain , I 'm not entirely objective . I 'm sure you feel the same way about your ship . It is my home . I 'm glad to hear you say that , Mr. Varn ... because that 's exactly what the Federation is - - a home for an extended family who share resources and come to one another 's aid in time of need . So , if my ship joins your Federation , Voyager will help me fight my enemies ? The primary goal of the Federation is exploration . Military objectives are ... There 's no need to bore our guest with Starfleet protocol , Tuvok . My enemies have sophisticated weaponry . As do we . Photon torpedoes ... optronically targeted phasers ... multispectrum shielding . All of which we would not hesitate to share with a fellow member of the Federation . What will I have to do to join ? In order to be considered , a candidate must make formal application . An extensive review is conducted by a committee composed of ... The process is complicated , but Captain Janeway has influence with the Federation Council . And you would use that influence on my behalf ? Well , I 'd be foolish not to . You are just the type of candidate we 're looking for . Uh , I 'll have to discuss this with my shipmates . Well , joining the Federation is a serious commitment . Take all the time you need . Captain , our latest orders from Starfleet Command . We won 't be back here for at least six months . Well , perhaps we can discuss your application then . I - lf we were to apply now , could you assure us we 'd be accepted ? You realize you 'll have to commit considerable resources ? I 'll do whatever is necessary . Well , let me be the first to say ... welcome to the Federation . You look like you could use a cup of coffee . I 've been flying concentric search patterns for the last 12 hours . Any sign of the impostors ? Neelix , what has happened to us ? I know exactly what you mean . I 've been over it a thousand times . Why didn 't we see this coming ? Orphans . It 's the oldest gambit in the book . I - l mean , if it 'd been Harry , I could understand it . He trusts everybody , but you and me ? We 've dealt with our share of shady characters . I think maybe ... maybe we 've lost our edge . Hand me one of those terra nuts . What are you doing ? Proving you wrong . Ah , the old shell game . All we need now is a mark . I think I see one coming . Uh , you go ahead . I 'll follow your lead . Now , watch carefully . I place the terra nut under the cup . Then I shuffle them . 'Round and ' round they go . Keep your eye on the nut . But be careful - - the hand is faster than the eye . Now , for three hours of holodeck time , can you tell me where is the terra nut ? Uh ... there . No , no ... no , that one . Oh ... I really thought I had you this time . Oh , keep trying , Neelix . You 'll fool me one of these days . This looks like an interesting game . May I have a turn ? Oh , be my guest . But , um , you 'll have to wager something . If I win , you take three duty shifts in Sick Bay . And if I win , you take three shifts in the Kitchen . Done . Ready ? Now , watch carefully . 'Round and ' round they go . Follow the terra nut if you can . But be careful - - the hand is faster than the eye . Careful , Doc , try not to blink . Don 't you worry , Mr. Paris . You have to get up pretty early in the morning to fool my optical subroutines . Where is it , then ? In your left palm . How did you ... ? Superior visual acuity . See you in Sick Bay . I 'm detecting a vessel on long - range scans . The warp signature matches the impostor 's ship . Harry , tell Tom his coffee break is over . Set a pursuit course . Yes , ma 'am . The photon torpedoes you gave me are worthless . No better than plasma flares . No better than plasma flares . Perhaps you didn 't arm them properly . And in the middle of the battle , the Polonians warned me to cease hostilities or face destruction at the hands of your Federation ! You allowed my enemies to join ! Evidently , the Federation Council decided that ... Your Federation is a fraud ! I demand reparations . You will have to submit a formal report to Starfleet . Enough ! If you will not reimburse me , I 'll seize your ship . Disable the beam ! I can 't . We have an additional problem - - Voyager . There 's another ship alongside the impostors . It 's got them in a tractor beam . Hail both vessels . No response from either one . Well , let 's try to get their attention . Mr. Tuvok ... Voyager 's charging weapons . Perhaps we should surrender to them . The Federation has an extremely humane policy regarding the treatment of prisoners ... Hail Varn again ! Do it ! Look on your scanners , Varn . Our mothership 's arrived . She 's armed and ready to defend us . Tell them to stand down . Release us , or Voyager will destroy you . The other ship is hailing . On screen . Stand down , Voyager . I have no argument with you . However , the vessel you 're tractoring ... I paid for my Federation membership . The Delta Flyer belongs to me now . Sir , I think you 've been misled . Yes , I have . Three direct hits . Shields down to 60 percent . Target his tractor beam . Nobody is taking possession of the " Delta Flyer " today , except us . Lock on to them . Yes , ma 'am . Now our tractor generator 's off - line . Shields down to 41 percent . The impostor 's ship is powering engines . Seven , transport everyone on that vessel directly to the brig . Establishing a lock on three life signs . That impact damaged the transporters . I 'm losing annular confinement . Harry , reroute additional power ! They 're gone . Seven ? I only got one of them . Get us out of here , Mr. Paris . Aye , Captain . Nice hair . It 's not really my taste . Posing as a Starfleet Captain , selling memberships to the Federation ... Too bad we didn 't think of it , Tuvok . Imagine the resources we could have acquired over the past six years . Indeed . I have to admit I 'm impressed . I wish I could say the same . The great Captain Janeway . Somehow , I expected you to be ... taller . I make a better you than you . Oh , I don 't know . I 'd say we 're very much alike - - resourceful , intelligent , ambitious - - but with just one tiny difference . And what is that ? I 'm not a liar and a thief . You 're going to give me a detailed account of everyone you cheated and exactly what you did with their property . Why would I do that ? Because if you don 't , I 'm turning you over to Telsian Security . Oh , is that supposed to frighten me ? How much do you know about the Telsians ? Just that they 're a more gullible species than most . Tell her about your research , Mr. Tuvok . I - l beg your pardon , Captain ? On Telsian law . I think it 's only fair that we let our guest know what to expect . The Telsian criminal justice system is rather barbaric . Tell her about the prisons . Barely habitable . Inmates often die of malnutrition before they are brought to trial . Torture is commonplace , as is disease , including several incurable forms of psoriasis . I think she gets the general idea . Suppose l do tell you . How do I know you won 't turn me over to the Telsians anyway ? If you make full restitution to your victims , I 'll give you safe passage out of this area . is that a promise , Captain ? I know it 's hard for you to believe , but occasionally , some of us tell the truth . Give me the Delta Flyer and three days to get as far away from here as I can , and then I 'll send you the information you want . How naive do you think I am ? As far as the victims are concerned , you 're the one who cheated them . Without my help , you 'll be the one who has a problem leaving this sector . Tuvok , contact Telsian Security . Tell them we have a prisoner to turn over . " Psoriasis " ? Improvisation is not foremost among my talents . Considering I caught you off guard , I thought your performance was exemplary . Thank you , Captain . Was your order to call the Telsians part of the deception , or did you actually want me to contact them ? Not yet . Let 's give Dala some time to think about those barbaric prisons . Do you believe she 'll relent ? I 'm not sure . Something tells me she 's just as stubborn as I am . Then , am I to assume you have an alternative plan ? I 'm like you , Tuvok - - making it up as I go along . The Captain said bread and water , but I didn 't see any harm . I 'm not hungry . I 'll just leave it here ... in case you change your mind . May I ask you something ? You want to know if you really resemble the Redeemer of Light ? I 'm not that gullible . Then what ? Do you ever feel guilty ? Taking advantage of people who actually think that you care about them ? You seem like a good person . I 'm sorry I lied to you . Actually , I think you 're just sorry you got caught . Probably . There . Now you 're being honest . I knew it was possible . If you don 't mind my asking , why do you do what you do ? My father taught me most people will exploit you if they can . So , it 's best to exploit them first . You know , I used to be a lot like you . Living by my wits , never trusting anyone , always , uh , trying to end up on the more profitable side of a transaction . But now you don 't hesitate to help starving orphans . I changed ... when Captain Janeway made me part of her crew . I suppose you suddenly reformed . No , no , not right away . At first , I was just exploiting an opportunity to get a warm bed , food , protection . I kept waiting to find out what the Captain wanted in return . But she never asked for a thing . On the contrary . She expected a great deal from me . Honesty , loyalty , hard work . I should 've guessed . But I discovered that those were commodities l had in abundance , and i - it was much more profitable to share them than it was to be self - serving and cynical all the time . I - l - l 'm happier than I 've ever been . I suppose that you think I could change , too . Stranger things have happened . Do you really think that she 'll give me safe passage if I make restitution ? If that 's what she promised you . Then what ? I have never done anything else . Captain Janeway let Seven of Nine remain on board , and she was Borg . Are you saying she 'd do the same thing for me ? I 'd be willing to talk to her . I cheated you . Why are you being so kind to me ? Like my great - grandmother used to say - - " lt 's nice to be nice . " is that tea still warm ? Oh , I 'm sorry. I 'm so clumsy . Security to the brig ! She 's gone . It 's not right to abandon her . Going back is too dangerous . She 's our Captain . No , she 's not . And even if she were , we wouldn 't be able to rescue her . We 'd be captured ourselves . Without Captain Janeway , it will be difficult to continue our activities . It 's too late for that . There must be a logical way ... What 's logical is to get as far away as we can . There 's a vessel approaching . It 's the Delta Flyer . Activate the shields . They 're hailing . It 's Captain Janeway . Our Janeway or theirs ? Which one did you expect ? I 'm pleased to see you , Captain . Lower the shields , so I can transport aboard . How were you able to escape ? I 'll tell you once I 'm aboard . It 's difficult to believe you weren 't detected . Are you accusing me of something ? .. being cautious . How do we know this isn 't a deception ? Why would I try to deceive you ? You could be helping Voyager capture us in exchange ... Are we in position ? We don 't have time for this . - Lower your shields ... - Ready ? and beam me aboard . Captain on the Bridge . A - As you were . Now ... what about the bolomite and the rest of our earnings ? They 're exactly where we left them . Well , it 's time to collect them and leave the region . Set a course before Voyager finds us . You 're not in command here . I just spent the last 24 hours in Voyager 's brig . I have no intention of going back . I 'm picking up life signs on the Delta Flyer . That can 't be . I was right . You brought them here . Oh , don 't be ridiculous . Whoever it is must 've stowed away . They 're hailing . On screen . This is Tom Paris of the Starship Voyager . Prepare to be boarded . He 's charging weapons . Evasive maneuvers . Let 's get everything on board as quickly as we can . How many transport enhancers do you recommend , Captain ? Do I have to think of everything ? We 'll need at least ten if we 're going to beam all that bolomite through the geostrata . Maybe we should take 12 . " We " ? is there a problem ? In six years , I 've never known you to dirty your hands with menial labor . Well , there 's a first time for everything . You don 't trust us . Who knows what the two of you planned while I was in Voyager 's brig . As Chief of Security , I would never ... lt 's all right . We 'll all go together . After you . The next populated sector is 13 days from here . When we arrive , we 'll trade the Delta Flyer for a new ship . Voyager will never find us . Are all the transport enhancers in place ? That 's the last of them . We can go now ... if that 's acceptable to you , Captain . I 'm afraid there 's been a change of plans . I 've found the stolen items , Captain . You can lock on to my coordinates . I told you she couldn 't be trusted . How could you bring yourself to deceive your fellow officers ? Voyager , I repeat , I am in position . Can you get a lock ? Voyager , trans ... Negative . The geostratum is too dense . Keep trying . Please respond immediately . I 'm outnumbered . Tuvok . Captain , I need assistance . Voyager , now would be an excellent time to initiate transport . You 're not transporting anything . Captain ? Voyager , please respond . You 're a sight for sore eyes . Commander ... Tuvok . The one and only . Logic would indicate that neither of us has the advantage . Your logic is flawed . Stay where you are . What did they promise you for betraying us ? I believe you 've mistaken me for someone else . Where 's Dala ? I 'm afraid she 's indisposed at the moment . I wouldn 't get up too fast if I were you , Captain . It 's going to take another few minutes for the ambizine to wear off . Captain 's Log , Stardate 53849.2 . The stolen property has been returned to the Telsian miners , as well as vessels from seven different worlds . I 'm hoping that the reputation of the real Federation will survive the events of the last several days . 'Round and ' round they go . Follow the terra nut if you can . But remember , the hand is sharper than your visual acuity . I thought we 'd already disproved that theory . You tell me . The terra nut is firmly entrenched up your right sleeve . Sorry . That 's impossible . The old handoff . Ooh . That 's cheating . We 've still got it .
