 Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Captain 's Log , Stardate 53447.2 . The crew 's enjoying a much needed shore leave on the Norcadian homeworld . While I visit Pendari , a planet in the neighboring system , I 'm leaving Commander Chakotay in charge of Voyager . You may want to run a diagnostic on the shield generators . It 's way overdue . Consider it done . And don 't forget to keep tabs on Neelix 's little project in the Mess Hall . He 's still trying to enhance the plasma burners in his stove ? With some of Seven 's Borg technology . I don 't want him accidentally turning the galley into an assimilation chamber . I 'll assign a security detail to keep tabs on him - - unless you think we need to take more drastic measures . And most important , be sure to tell your Captain when she 's being overprotective . I 'll do that . Thanks again for minding the store . Even the Captain deserves a vacation once in a while . And her First Officer ? He 's looking forward to putting his feet up on your desk . Chakotay . Fun last night , wasn 't it ? There 's another match scheduled at 1500 . I 've got a systems diagnostic . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but you 're in command until the Captain gets back . What 's your point ? Delegate . I happen to know that Harry 's free this afternoon . Lieutenant , you 're not suggesting I abuse my power . Tell me that 's not lunch . It 's leola ointment for my skin . What happened ? I was so excited to visit one of those beautiful Norcadian beaches , uh , that I forgot to take my dermaline hypospray . I fell asleep ... under two suns . Ouch . A little more color than I was hoping for , but it 'll be a beautiful amber before you know it . How 's your shore leave been ? Well , we 've spent the last few days at the Tsunkatse matches . Tsunkatse . I heard some crewmen talking about that during breakfast . It 's exciting - - a real test of strength and agility . You should come to the match with us this afternoon . From what I 've heard , Tsunkatse is crude and pointless . Well , I guess we won 't be saving you a seat . What about you , Tuvok ? You appreciate the martial arts . I have other plans . There 's a micronebula approximately 1.6 light - years from here on the verge of collapse . We 'd like to take a shuttle to study it . Ah . An away mission during shore leave ? Commander Tuvok and I don 't require recreational activities . The Borg wouldn 't know fun if they assimilated an amusement park . It 's your shore leave , but try to enjoy yourselves . That 's an order . Here 's the navigational data you asked for . Thank you . How long are you planning on being gone ? Approximately 48 hours . Just like B 'Elanna . Clarify . Well , she overpacks , too . I haven 't overpacked . I simply wish to be prepared for any contingency . And what contingency is this for ? That 's an iso - modulator , enhanced to correct hull ablation in the event we encounter a meteoroid stream . Well , couldn 't you just replicate an iso - modulator ? I prefer this one . Oh , I get it . You like to have your own things with you . B 'Elanna 's the same way . You know , she 'd never admit it , but she still takes a stuffed animal with her whenever she 's going to be away for more than a day . Toby the targ . Can Toby the targ correct hull ablation ? Your comparison is flawed . Just the person I was looking for . You require my assistance ? Your company . I was wondering if you 'd care to join me on a tour of Norcadia 's cultural hot spots . I hear their museums are among the finest in this sector . I 'm busy . With what ? Commander Tuvok and I are leaving to study a collapsing micronebula . During shore leave ? I thought we 'd discussed this . Shore leave is a perfect opportunity for you to spend time with other members of the crew to develop your social skills . Then I suppose I 'll have to develop them with Commander Tuvok . Vulcans aren 't exactly known for their winning personalities . You 'd prefer I spent my time with more sociable individuals , such as yourself ? You could do worse . In that case , perhaps you 'd care to join us . To study the micronebula ? You can assist us with our analysis of veridium - oxide particulates . On second thought , you and Tuvok have a good time . I 'll give the Commander your regrets . Uh , do that . And if the nebula isn 't as riveting as you 'd hoped , try to remember Lesson 36 - - " Pleasant Parlor Games to Pass the Time . " You 'll need it . Two hours , 37 minutes , 13 seconds . That 's how long we 've gone without verbal communication . Why is that remarkable ? The Doctor encourages me to engage in conversation during awkward silences . Did you find the silence awkward ? No . Nor did I . There 's a vessel approaching on an intercept course . The hull configuration is unfamiliar . Distance ? Approximately 300,000 kilometers . Hail them . No response . Tuvok to Voyager . The vessel is emitting some kind of dampening field . We 've lost engines , weapons , shields . It 's an explosive device of some sort . Transporters are down . I can 't beam it off . I 'll try to disarm it . Borg - enhanced physiology . You should have superior strength , agility , stamina , visual acuity . Welcome to Tsunkatse . Since the game 's inception , our audience has never had the pleasure of seeing a drone compete . You are going to be a very popular attraction . Where is Commander Tuvok ? Your comrade from the shuttle ? I 'm afraid he was injured in the explosion . I wish to see him now . Certainly . You 'll learn nothing is more important to me than the comfort and happiness of my fighters . Yes , Penk 's generosity is ... legendary . Quiet ! He 's envious because I 've found a new favorite . I have no intention of participating in your game . Aggressive . I like that . He requires medical attention . That can be arranged . Then arrange it . You haven 't won a single bout and already you 're making demands like a champion . Will you treat him or not ? Will you fight ? Do not comply . My condition is not severe . Spoken like a true competitor , willing to ignore his injuries for the sake of the contest . Schedule a bout for him . A Red Match against the Pensarkan . A Red Match does not end until one of the competitors is killed . Your friend would not survive . But you might . Give her a Blue Match , Penk . You wouldn 't want to lose your new favorite her first time in the pit . Yes . We should start you off slowly . Treat him ... and I will comply . What about the seventh match ? I 'm picking the Vensiddian . He lost his last two times out . But he 's undefeated against left - handed fighters . You should trust him , Harry . Chakotay knows a thing or two about southpaws . He was 23 and 0 as a light heavyweight . 23 and one , actually ... a Nausicaan with a mean right hook . You think that 's bad ? Try taking a parrises mallet to the ribs . I didn 't know you played . Three - time Academy champion . Now , that 's a tough sport . I boxed a few parrises players in my day . And ? Let 's just say they went back to playing parrises squares after that . Oh , is that a challenge , Commander ? I wouldn 't want to put my Ops Officer out of commission , now , would I ? Oh ... I can take a punch . Careful , Harry . Legend has it that the " Tattooed Terror " has put more men in Sick Bay than the Ankaran flu . Yeah , you wouldn 't want to bruise your clarinet fingers . Hey , you want to go a few rounds or all you all talk ? Any time , any place . Oh , you punch like a Ferengi . I don 't care what Harry says . The Pensarkan - Bendali match is too close to call . I 'll let you know how it turns out . Excuse me ? I rearranged the duty schedules this morning . You 've got the Bridge starting at 1400 hours . You 're sticking me with that shift so that you can go to the fight . I 'm delegating . Oh , me and my big mouth . I thought you 'd be pleased that I took your advice . Words fail me . Now , remind me . The reason that you have to see that fight is because ... ? I 'm an anthropologist . What does that have to do with Tsunkatse ? It 's a cultural phenomenon . You 're having an allergic reaction to your leola ointment . I hope you 've learned your lesson . Talaxian homeopathy is no substitute for medical science . This should help with the swelling and discoloration . Ow . But you 'll have to stay out of the sun . But what about the rest of my shore leave ? I suggest you limit it to indoor activities . Commander Chakotay and B 'Elanna invited me to the Tsunkatse matches . I guess I 'll go . I 'm disappointed in you , Mr. Neelix . Cheering for one individual to inflict serious injury on another hardly seems like an activity you 'd enjoy . Well , Commander Chakotay says that it 's a wonderful demonstration of athletic prowess . You seem to be forgetting that Commander Chakotay is an aficionado of boxing , arguably the most barbaric sport in Earth 's history . Surely you can find some way to occupy your free time that doesn 't involve alien fisticuffs . Do you have any suggestions ? As a matter of fact , I was planning a visit to the Norcadian Museum of Entomology this afternoon . There 's a fascinating exhibit of beetle larvae from the equatorial subcontinent . You 're welcome to join me . Hmm , alien bugs or alien fisticuffs . Oh , that 's a tough one . Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! You were right , Commander . This is exciting . Two opponents alone in the pit with only their strength and agility to protect them . I 'm glad you 're enjoying yourself . I still don 't understand the rules . It 's simple . A Tsunkatse fighter wears a polaron disruptor on both hands and feet . Each disruptor delivers a bioplasmic charge when it comes in contact with one of the opponent 's target sensors . So there is strategy involved . A fighter has to attack his rival 's sensors without exposing his own . Are you two going to talk or you here to watch ? He looks like he could pick up a shuttlecraft . He 's a Pendari . They 're known for their superior strength . And their bad temper . I hear they have a tendency to throw their opponents into the stands . Be ready to duck . Seven ? Seven ! Seven ! You 're no bigger than a Tarkanian field mouse . Penk 's insulting me by putting you in the pit to face me . I must warn you , I possess superior strength . I 'm trembling . Seven ! Seven ! Seven ! I assure you , resistance is futile . So is all your talk . Seven ! It 's no use . She can 't hear us . Chakotay to Voyager . Come in . Calling to give me a blow - by - blow description of the match , Commander ? Seven of Nine is in the pit . What ? No time to explain . Beam her out of there ! I have no desire to inflict further damage . I 'm afraid I can 't say the same . I 'm locked onto the coordinates of the pit . Seven 's not there . I 'm looking right at her ! Not according to these sensors . Maybe their life signs are masked . Try recalibrating the bio - scanners . Acknowledged . There 's nothing to lock on to . The only readings I 'm picking up are photonic . Holograms ? They 're transmitting the fight from another location . Transmission to one of the arenas on Norcadia Prime is being disrupted . Compensate . Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Voyager , four to beam up . We 've scanned the Norcadian surface , Captain . There 's no sign of them . Any luck tracing the transmission ? We 're trying , but it 's not easy . There are transmissions being sent to every planet in the sector . I guess you aren 't the only ones who enjoy this sport . It could take days before we can figure out where Seven and Tuvok are being held . What about diplomatic channels ? Neelix is meeting with a group of Norcadian officials . Well , let 's hope he gets their cooperation . When can we expect you back ? I 'm at the outer rim of the Pendari system . At best , I 'm 48 hours away . Sorry to cut your vacation short . That 's okay , Commander . Keep me informed . Janeway out . Stay away from me . It 's a dermal regenerator . The Pendari you fought injured you . Now , keep still . It 's almost out of power . I 'd prefer that you use it to treat Commander Tuvok . I already have . He 's sleeping . Why are you helping us ? I recognize fellow hunters when I see them . I 'm no hunter . I saw your match today . Your skills are impressive . The Pendari would disagree . You almost defeated him , but at the last moment , you hesitated . You ... questioned your desire to destroy your prey . I have no such desire . Don 't you ? I thought I saw it in your eyes . With the proper training , you could become a champion . Until our ship comes to rescue us , my only goal is to survive . Do you know the difference between a survivor and a champion here ? There isn 't one . I wanted to be the first to congratulate you . I lost . Exactly . There 's a great deal of hostility toward the Borg in this sector . Whenever the Pendari landed a blow , our audience grew . We 're getting tens of thousands of requests to see you fight again . She needs time to recuperate - - to prepare for her next bout . I agree . There 's a Red Match scheduled for the day after tomorrow . The Pendari was supposed to compete , but I 've entered you in his place . If three billion people paid to see you hurt , imagine how many will pay to see you die . Survival may be more difficult than I imagined . You will win the match . What makes you say that ? I know your opponent ; I know his weaknesses . I can train you to defeat him . I told you , I will not kill anyone in that arena . Consider the alternative . Teach me . You 're letting your elbow fall , exposing your target . You 're mistaken . My arm is positioned properly . " When executing the Tanyk Defense , " the blocking elbow must remain parallel to the median sensor . " Ah , the Book of Tsunkatse . Commander Tuvok borrowed it from one of the other fighters . It is obvious you 've studied it well . I 'm attempting to perfect a defense against ... That was not one of the 33 sanctioned maneuvers . There must be 34 . I was unprepared for your attack . is that what you 're going to say to your opponent ? Stop thinking like a drone . Sanctioned maneuvers , perfecting defenses . You cannot assimilate Tsunkatse from a book . You must live it , feel it . In here . Your movements must become instinct . An attack could come at any time from any direction . You must learn to improvise . Like this ? I 've observed you often favor your left side . Very perceptive . It 's a wound I sustained in one of my first matches . After 19 years , it still hasn 't healed properly . You 've been here a long time . I was taken during my son 's first hunt . He was so proud to be with his father . Watching every movement I made , imitating my gestures . But instead of bringing home his first trophy , he saw his father become someone else 's prey . Do you know what happened to him ? I never saw him again . All Penk would say was that the boy was too small for competition . Perhaps he managed to return home . You let down your defenses . Why ? - l was ... - What ? Feeling sorry for me ? My tragic past ? Yes . You must never sympathize with your prey . Unless you accept that , you will die . We 'll continue . How did it go ? Oh , the Norcadians were shocked to learn that off - worlders might be participating against their will . Uh , the Ambassador promised to begin an immediate investigation . You don 't sound too convinced . I 'm not . I spoke to one of the Pendari delegates . According to him , a huge percentage of the planet 's revenue is derived from Tsunkatse . Nobody wants to do anything that might interfere with the game . So they turn a blind eye to the recruitment tactics . We 're not going to get any help through official channels . It 's hard to believe a - a - a civilization whose favorite pastime is cheering while innocent people fight each other . If Seven and Tuvok hadn 't been abducted , we might still be cheering , too . What have you got ? Well , one of the reasons we were having trouble isolating the source of the transmissions was because they never seem to be coming from the same place twice . At first , we thought the matches were being held in various locations . But when we connected the dots , we realized the pattern conformed to a flight path . One that spanned the entire sector . They 're transmitting the fights from a ship . Like a traveling carnival . Oh , this is no carnival . Five million metric tons , reinforced hull plating protected by covariant shielding , neutronic weaponry . It 's way out of our weight class . The bigger they come , Lieutenant . Transmit these coordinates to the Captain . Tell her we could use a hand . Excellent . When your opponent enters the arena , what do you see ? My prey . And what do you do to your prey ? Hunt it down and kill it . Go rest before your match . Thank you . Thank me ... by winning . Penk 's guards are making their inspection rounds . Progress ? Both the dampening field and the shielding of this vessel are tetryon - based . But without access to the control interface , I can 't disable either . Your training ? Complete . Are you adequately prepared ? The Hirogen is an efficient instructor . He believes I 'll win . That troubles you . The idea of killing someone for the entertainment of others is detestable . is the idea of losing your own life for the entertainment of others more palatable ? As a drone , you took many lives . I was acting as part of the collective . You 're worried you won 't have the strength to accomplish the task on your own . I 'm worried that I will . It 's time . Do whatever it takes to survive . You knew . Yes . Training me was a deception . You wished to familiarize yourself with my weaknesses . I was helping you to overcome them . Why ? 19 years is a long time . I 've grown tired . You wish to be killed in the arena . I want a death my son would be proud of . I won 't be the one to provide it . Then I 'll be forced to kill you . Ya ! Approaching the vessel . Take us out of warp . Raise shields and charge weapons . Any sign of Tuvok and Seven ? Our sensors can 't penetrate their shields . Hail them . This is not a convenient time . I 'm Commander Chakotay of the Starship Voyager . You 're holding two of my people . You 'll have to be more specific . Commander Tuvok and Seven of Nine . Return them , now . The Borg drone and her friend . I 'm afraid she 's occupied at the moment . You have 30 seconds before I open fire . A fighter . I respect that , but you 're no match for me . We can still find another way out of this . There is no other way . You 're still dropping your elbow . Make a choice , hunter or prey ? Hunter or prey ? Direct hit to their aft shield generators . Still no sign of Seven , but I 've got a lock on Tuvok . Beam him to Sick Bay . Keep targeting those generators . Transport complete . Bridge to Tuvok . Go ahead , Commander . Do you know Seven 's status ? She 's being forced to fight ... to the death . I believe they 're on the uppermost deck . That section 's protected by multiphasic force fields . I can 't penetrate them . Shields down to 40 percent . 32 percent . You 're getting weak . I should have found worthier prey . You 're imperfect . is that the best you can do ? Shields are down . Evasive maneuvers . Harry ? Still can 't get a lock . Should I get us out of here before they knock out our propulsion ? Not yet . If we can 't beam her out , maybe we can shut down the transmission . If nobody 's watching , then why continue the fight ? Start targeting their signal generators . Hull breach on Deck 1 1 . Seal it . Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! We 've lost weapons . Another vessel is approaching . Great . Now they 're bringing in reinforcements . No , this one 's on our side . It 's the Delta Flyer . Good to see you , Captain . Nothing like getting back to work after a long vacation . We need you to target their signal generators . Understood . We 've lost more than half our audience . Reroute power to Transmitters 5 and 6 . They 've reduced power to their force fields . I 've got two life signs in there - - Seven and a Hirogen - - but I can 't get an individual lock . Transport them both if you have to . Tom . Aye , sir . Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Tsunkat ! Never ... let your prey suffer . Kill it . Seven , stand away . It 's all right . This fight is over . Captain 's Log , Stardate 53529.4 . We 've resumed course for the Alpha Quadrant and initiated repairs . I can 't say I 'm sorry to see this shore leave come to an end . We 've located an Hirogen hunting party three light - years away . They 've agreed to rendezvous with us . I 'm grateful . Would you excuse us ? Very well , but if you should need anything - - an analgesic , a phaser rifle ... .. don 't hesitate to ask . I apologize for the Doctor . He 's very protective of me . He doesn 't realize how well you defend yourself . A trophy . What will you do now , search for new prey ? No , this time I will be searching for my son . If he is as clever as his father , he may be difficult to locate . I 've been wondering . Would you have killed me ? I don 't know . Ah ... Fortunately , you were right . There was another way out . I thought you might require assistance . Thank you . I realize we share an affinity for silences , but in this instance ... I feel compelled to speak . If you hadn 't offered to take my place in the arena , it 's likely I would have been killed . I made the logical choice , as you would have . Still , I owe you a debt of gratitude . Assisting me with these recalibrations will be sufficient thanks . Have you fully recovered ? I 'm experiencing minor pain beneath my occipital implant , but the Doctor believes it is temporary . I wasn 't referring to your physical condition . When the Hirogen referred to me as weak , he was correct . But you overpowered him . Because I lost control . Given the circumstances , your behavior was understandable . I 've spent the last three years struggling to regain my humanity . I 'm afraid I may have lost it again in that arena . You 're experiencing difficult emotions . Guilt ... shame ... remorse . Then you haven 't lost your humanity . You have reaffirmed it .
