 Get out of the way ! Oh . Whoa . Easy , now . Whoo . Hey , watch out ! Come on . Come on . Sorry . Tommy , me boy ... Did you hurt yourself , Tommy - Boy ? I think I zigged when I should have zagged . Well , maybe you ought to stick to a horse and carriage . Still , she 's a beauty . The world must be treating you well to afford such a thing . Just dipping into my inheritance . Oh , come into some money , did you ? So who 's passed on ? Um , my grandfather on my mother 's side . An aristocrat , God rest his soul . Sounds like he was a fine man . I 'd drink a toast to him , if I had a shilling to me name . Here. it 's on me . It 'll take three pints to do a proper job , Tommy - Boy . And this isn 't even enough for two . There . That 's all I 've got . You 're a generous man . Care to join me at Sullivan 's ? Ah , I wish I could , but I 'm on my way to Castle O 'Dell . Night 's coming . And they say when the sun goes down , the queen of the faerie folk reclaims the castle . Ah . I 'll give her your regards . Don 't say I didn 't warn ya . Computer , replace damaged tire . Saints preserve us . I thought I would die from the shock of it . Now , Seamus , you 're not a great one for telling things the way they were . I 'll admit I 've been known to add a little color to stories from time to time to liven things up , but with God as my witness I saw Tom Paris using unnatural powers to fix that wheel of his . Tommy - Boy practicing unholy magic ? Next thing you 'll be telling me is you want to pay for your own drinks . Make fun if you like , but he was heading up to Castle O 'Dell only an hour before dark . Oh , leave it alone , Seamus . Can 't one day go by without you making an ass of yourself ? Mm . But that Tom Paris is an odd one . Coming and going through town as if he built the place . That 's right , and where does he go ? Oh , he 's a shifty one , and for that matter , so are his friends . If you 're talking about Katie O 'Clare , you better watch your mouth . Oh . Well , you know what they say , Sullivan - - birds of a feather ... They also say superstition is the religion of fools . Kilmanin , 1846 . What ? Old Patsy down in County Meath spoke of a band of spirit folk who came to Kilmanin in ' 46 . Kilmanin ? Did you ever hear of it , Doc ? No , this is the first . Ah , but you won 't find it on any map . Not anymore . It was a town not much different than Fair Haven . That is , until this group of strangers arrived . The townsfolk welcomed them with open arms . After all , a stranger is just a friend you haven 't met yet . But they regretted their hospitality soon enough . The cows stopped giving milk . The potatoes grew rotten in the ground . Then people started to go missing . Oh , go on . It 's true . What happened to them ? They were taken ... to the otherworld . When winter came and the nights grew longer , the entire town vanished every post , every nail - - poof - - into thin air , never to be seen again . Are you suggesting that Fair Haven 's going to go the way of Kilmanin just because we have a few new folks in town ? I 'm suggesting you keep an eye on Tom Paris and his cohorts . Not to mention that lady friend of yours . So Katie 's some kind of goblin now , is that it ? She 's certainly cast a spell on you . Well , if you ask me ... Katie ! Am I interrupting ? Aw , just some nonsense . Seamus is up to his old tricks again . Good day to you , Katie . Oh , it 's good to see you . What 'll it be ? The usual , please . Well , one cup of tea coming right up . Did you snatch any children on the way into town , Katie ? What ? Never mind . I missed your smile . What have you been doing with yourself ? Nothing terribly exciting . Just helping my aunt and uncle out on the farm . They 're not as spry as they used to be . Although , they 've got a goat that could argue Mossie Donegan 's talking pig under the table . You 'll have to bring him into the bar the next time you 're up . We 'll arrange a debate . I 'll see that I do . I hear they opened a nickelodeon in Dooleen . I thought it might be nice to go to a show . I 've got to tend the bar . I wish you 'd let me know you were coming . I would 've made arrangements . That 's all right . We can go some other time . No , I mean , you 've already made the trip . It 'd be a shame if you have to leave . Well , I could be convinced to stay if you 'd be up for a game of ... rings . Let 's go . Computer , one dozen Broadway lilies . Something tells me that 's not lunch . Already ate . Ah . Who are they for ? A friend . Oh , and this friend wouldn 't happen to be a lovely Irish lass , now , would she ? Aren 't you due on the Bridge ? Ah , you better watch yourself , Harry . These country girls aren 't as simple as you think . Maggie O 'Halloran could be a little more than you can handle . I heard about your little traffic accident . That was a clutch malfunction . It wasn 't my fault . If you ask me , that whole program is an accident waiting to happen . You have been running Fair Haven around the clock . Just yesterday , I had to replace three holo - emitters . I ran a full diagnostic this morning . Everything is fine . Whatever you say . But when your quaint , little seaside town starts to depolarize , don 't come running to me . If you 'll excuse me , I 'm late for a moonlight stroll . Are you sure you don 't need a chaperon ? Not with your driving record . I think I know just what 'll make his date just a little more interesting . Just don 't blow out any more holo - emitters . What are we doing out here , Seamus , skulking about in the dark , spying on folks ? What 's the matter , Milo ? You got a case of the willies ? Well , what if you 're right ? What if this Tom Paris is some kind of demon ? If we 're caught , he 'll cast a spell on us . Then stop your squawking or he 'll catch us for sure . Come on , man . He 's getting away . Ah . A captain is only as good as his crew . It must be lonely out there on the sea with only the stars to guide you . Sometimes , during the night watch , with the timbers creaking , and the dark water stretching out as far as the eye can see , you can believe you 're the only man in the world . Maybe you should think about settling down on dry land . Well , believe me , I do . As often as I think of you . Can I ask you something , Harry ? Of course . Would you like to hold my hand ? If you promise to hold mine back . Look . He 's got some sort of contraption in his hand . Ooh , maybe we 're going about this the wrong way . We should go down to St. Mary 's and tell Father Mulligan the whole story . He 's not going to listen to talk of the supernatural . Aw , if you fill his collection box , he 'll listen to anything . That 's true . I thought you were promised to Ray Ewan . Not anymore . Ah . Can I ask you something else , Harry ? Please . Would you like to kiss me ? is that a trick question ? Holy Mother of God ! Tom ! Don 't you have anything better to do ? Oh , boy . She really turned on you . Ha - ha , very funny . I could have been trampled . Relax . The holodeck safeties are on . There 's nothing to worry about . Poor Maggie . All right , all right . You 've had your fun . Now change her back . Chakotay to Paris and Kim . Report to the Bridge . On our way . What about Maggie ? She 'll be fine . Let her graze . - Did you hear that ? - Ah ! Amen . Please be seated . I recently heard a tale of two farmers , who shall remain nameless for the sake of this sermon . It seems one broke the other 's plow and refused to replace it . His comeuppance was served to him not by the hand of God but by the other farmer , in the form of a clogged irrigation ditch . Now , do you think their disagreement stopped there ? Of course not . They go on ... just as the heathen did of old . After all , one spiteful act deserves another , right ? Wrong ! What these sinners have forgotten is that they are neighbors . He 's in love with the sound of his own voice . Whether we are man or woman , parent or child ... flesh and blood or photons and force fields ... lt has been said ... On the other hand , perhaps he 's been nipping at the sacramental wine . And , as such , our community is everything . It is our world , and we are a part of it just as a branch is part of a tree . Do you see ... branches tearing leaves off one another ? No ! Do you see roots hoarding water from the trunk ? No ! Do you see ... ? Easy , Maggie . Whoa . Oh . Easy now . Did you make a wrong turn on your way to the milking shed ? Oh , nothing like that at all , Father . Something terrible 's happened . What now ? This was Maggie O 'Halloran . The spirits have turned her into a cow . Maggie O 'Halloran 's been eaten by a cow ? Did you see these spirits ? That we did - - Tom Paris and Harry Kim . I hate to disappoint you , but it sounds as though you 've been the victim of a practical joke . Tom Paris is a known prankster . Oh ... it was unholy magic , I tell you . Aye , aye . We saw it with our own eyes . When did this alleged transformation take place ? Last night . Well , then , that settles it . This couldn 't possibly be Maggie O 'Halloran . I saw Maggie this morning on my way into church . She was at her cart tending her flowers . She 's probably there now . Well , I ... I think that 's enough excitement for one morning . This mass is over . Go in peace . Um ... leave the cow . Oh ... All right , Father . Excuse us , Maggie . Take care , Maggie . Whoa . Maggie ... Well , good morning , boys . is everything all right ? Y - you 're looking a little out of sorts this morning . Yes . Well , I must admit I 'm not quite myself today . Oh ? Well , this is going to sound very odd , but I feel like I just woke up from the strangest dream , and I don 't remember going to sleep . You 're right , that does sound odd . Do you remember anything about last night ? Well , I was out with Harry Kim . He chatted me up at The Ox and Lamb , and we were off on a walk before I knew it . What did you do on your walk ? We talked . What kind of a girl do you think I am ? Now , Maggie , we weren 't implying anything . - No ! - Do you recall anything else about the evening ? Ah , did anything out of the , um , ordinary happen ? Anything at all ? I don 't remember . Well , tell us about the dream , then . Oh , it was most unpleasant . I was walking around town with nothing but a bell around my neck . Well , somehow , I wound up in church . Everyone was staring at me . You were there , Seamus ... And you , too , Milo . The next thing I knew , I was tending my flowers just as you boys walked up . Well , that 's quite a story , Maggie . Can we get a quick one ? Maybe just a wee taste . So , I said to young Harry , " l 'm not one for rainy days and gray skies . " As soon as the words were out of my mouth , he called up the spirits to do his bidding . A second later , there wasn 't a cloud in the sky . I was up near Ballahick farm with little Mary . She was playing near the well . Somehow , she lost her footing and fell in . I was so frightened . I didn 't know what to do . So , I ran to the Colbys' to get some help ... but ... when we returned , there was Mary in the meadow , talking with Katie O 'Clare . There wasn 't a scratch on her . Katie said I must 've been mistaken when I saw her fall . There was no mistake . I saw something strange , too . Well , I hesitated to say anything for fear you 'd think me mad . But after listening to your stories today , I feel you 've a right to know . Well ? Speak up . Last Sunday , after his sermon , I saw Father Mulligan vanish into thin air . He 's one of them , right enough . Father Mulligan , Tommy - Boy , Katie and the rest - - they 're spirit folk . Well , what about that Neelix fellow who runs The Ox and Lamb ? Well , if he doesn 't look like a leprechaun , I don 't know who does . They 're all probably up at Castle O 'Dell , conspiring against us . Now ... that 's enough . I can 't deny there 's been some unusual goings - on . But what are you proposing - - that we run Katie and her friends out of town ? Or maybe we should line them up in front of a firing squad - - is that what you want ? These people have been our neighbors . We 've become friends . Let 's not forget that . Well , we can 't just sit here and do nothing while they take over Fair Haven . I 'm not saying we do nothing ... but let 's go about this like civilized people . What do you suggest - - we sit them down and discuss it over tea ? You 're looking lovelier than ever , Katie . Thank you . Open it . " The Faerie Queene by Edmund Spenser . " Thank you , Michael . It 's the longest poem in the English language , and the first to use a nine - line stanza . I 'll start reading it tonight . I love epic poetry . Really ? I didn 't know that . It seems as if there 's a lot of things I don 't know about you . I thought you 'd want to know there 's been some talk about you and your friends . Strange things have been happening around town . Folk are saying you 're to blame . What kind of strange things ? People using unholy magic ... vanishing into thin air ... changing the weather . By any chance , would all of this have anything to do with your reading suggestion ? As a matter of fact . Don 't tell me . They say I 'm the " Faerie Queene . " Frankly , they could tell me you 're the devil himself , and I wouldn 't care . I 'll try not to take that personally . The sad truth of the matter is ... I don 't know who you are . What do you mean ? You 've been lying to me , Katie . I 've been doing some checking with friends of mine in County Clare . Seems nobody 's heard of you there . It 's a big county . And I 've got a lot of friends . You 've been evasive from the day we met . I was a fool not to see it . Where do you go when you leave here ? There 've been times I wanted to talk to you - - tell you about my day , about a book I 'd read ... just to say hello ... but I can 't , because I don 't know where to find you . What are you hiding , Katie ? I 'll admit I have misled you about some things , but never about anything important . And I wasn 't lying when I said I care about you . I wish I could believe that . You can . I didn 't want to deceive you ... but under the circumstances , I had no choice . What circumstances ? Michael ... there are things about me you may not be able to understand . Try me . Who are you , Katie ? Where are you really from ? The truth . Computer , end program . How did he know ? Those are questions no holodeck character should be asking . What exactly did you do to that program ? Well , I , I just added a few bells and whistles to make the characters more realistic . Nothing too fancy . Well , something 's gone wrong . The people of Fair Haven aren 't simple country folk anymore . Report . It looks like we 've worn out our welcome . It 's the first time we 've tried running a holodeck program nonstop . We 're lucky it lasted this long . There are damaged subroutines in all of the character files . So much for my open door policy . Shut it down and repair the damaged systems . As I recall , everything was fine until someone started turning people into cows . Computer , display Fair Haven character Michael Sullivan . Tom . Where am I ? Where 's Katie ? He shouldn 't be aware that he 's in the lab . I 've isolated the damaged subroutines . I said where the hell am I ? ! I - it 's all right , Michael . Take it easy . What is this place ? Try to relax . If someone doesn 't tell me where l am , I 'm going to start busting heads . His perceptual filters are malfunctioning . What are you saying ? What 's a perceptual filter ? I - it 's o ... it 's okay . We 're trying to help you . There . Look at these . Those are the algorithms designed to keep him oblivious to anything outside the program 's parameters . They 're off - line . Give me a minute . That should do it . How are you feeling , Michael ? Never better . Harry , Liam 's been looking for you . You 're the only man in four counties to beat him at arm wrestling . He wants a rematch . Tell him he 's got one . I 'll do that . That was easy enough . Yeah . Unfortunately , it looks like all the other characters have the same malfunction . Don 't tell me we 're going to have to go through every one of them ? If we reactivate the program , use the primary control port in Sullivan 's pub , we could reset all the perceptual filters with a single command sequence . Ah. I guess we 'll be seeing you later . Looking forward to it . Computer , resume Fair Haven program in Holodeck 1 , and transfer Michael Sullivan back to his bar . Danny ! Danny , come here . Fetch Doc Fitzgerald . Tell him to meet me in the church . Go on , hurry , lad . We thought we 'd reset his perceptual filters , until we took a closer look at his subroutines . Turns out he was just playing along . Ha . Never underestimate an Irish hologram . We 'll have to reprogram Michael when we do the others . Let 's just hope he didn 't share the experience with too many others . Got it . These resequenced algorithms should do the trick . Good luck . What the hell was I thinking ? A minor malfunction . Well , that 's the problem . I 've got a boyfriend who malfunctions . Tom and Harry 'll fix him . And if they can 't ? One piece of advice you 've always given me - - tell the truth . Hate to break the news to you , Michael , but I 'm a starship Captain , and you 're a 300 deciwatt holodeck program . I couldn 't do it . In that case ... you 'll have to get creative . I 'm not a superstitious man , Doc , but I 've been seeing things I can 't explain . You 're not the only one . At first I thought we had an epidemic on our hands . But this is no fever . No , it 's not . Last night , I was talking to Katie , and the next thing I knew , I was being spirited away to God knows where . They took you ? Where ? Maybe it was the otherworld . I don 't know . Tom Paris was there . Young Harry , too . What did they want with you ? I 'm not sure . They were talking about me like I wasn 't there . Saying things about Fair Haven - - that we knew too much about them . Oh , Lord . And that 's not all . They were saying something about coming to the pub tonight to change the town somehow . What does that mean ? I 'm damned if I know . How did you get away ? With all the talk about us knowing too much about them , I figured that if I pretended nothing was out of the ordinary , they might let me go . And sure enough , that 's exactly what they did . I wonder if this is how things started in Kilmanin back in ' 46 . I 'm not sure what they have in mind . But we 'd better be prepared . We 're in luck . Nobody 's home . If we 're going to fight them , we 've got to use the right ammunition . Biddy Ramsey gave me this before she passed on . She knew a thing or two about fairy magic and how to fight it . Everything she learned , she learned from this book . I doubt if it says anything about using rifles . You 'd be surprised how many things a bullet will stop . I don 't like this one bit . Guns , Seamus . Under normal circumstances , I 'd agree with you , Michael ... but these aren 't normal circumstances . Maybe you 'd still like us to be acting civilized . Where did that get you before ? A ticket to the otherworld , that 's what . Now , we don 't know what the spirit folk have in store for us . That 's just it . We don 't know much about anything , do we ? And we 've got Milo here acting like a holy war has been declared . Relax , Sullivan . The rifles are only a last resort . Besides , we 've got incantations , which are more lethal to spirit folk than any weapons forged by man . That 's how we 're going to force them back into their realm . And we 've got red twine to stop them from changing shape . And don 't forget about the ash berries . Ash berries , right . That 's how you keep them from using their powers against you . They 've been walking amongst us for weeks now , pretending to be our friends . Lying to us , making mischief . What 's next ? Yeah ! What is next , Seamus ? I for one am not going to stand by and let them run roughshod over our town . We can 't rest until we 've driven every one of them out . They 're here ! Tom Paris and Harry Kim - - they 're in Sullivan 's right now ! Who 's with me ? Come on . There they are ! Seamus , let us explain . You 're making a mistake . The only mistake we made was letting you into Fair Haven . What 's that ? Shoot it . No , wait , wait . That 's a delicate piece of ... .. technology . Warning . Holodeck controls and safety protocols are off - line . A voice from the otherworld . Emergency overrides are malfunctioning . Computer , freeze program ! 62 percent compliance . They 're getting away ! After them ! Computer , exit . Gunfire ? Two shots directly at the primary controls . We can 't deactivate the program or get the safeties back on line . Where are Tom and Harry now ? St. Mary 's . Looks like some of your parishioners are holding them captive . We can 't blame them for being frightened . They must think we 're some kind of sorcerers . Well , we could use a little magic right now , because that 's about the only way we 're going to get our people back . Transporters ? Too many stray photons . We can 't get a lock . We should enter the holodeck with a security team and take them by force . Need I remind you that the holo - characters have weapons as well . We 'd be risking armed conflict . Well , then let 's just pull the plug . Cut power to the holo - grid . That would purge the program from our database . Exactly . But we 'd lose Fair Haven and all its people . They 're not people . They 're holograms . And they weren 't programmed to be violent . I don 't believe they 'd harm anyone . You can 't be certain . Well , I am certain . And I 'd like to find a less drastic solution . With all due respect , Captain , Michael can be reprogrammed - - Tom and Harry can 't . One problem at a time , B 'Elanna . The people of Fair Haven may not be real , but our feelings toward them are . I won 't destroy these relationships if we can find another way . Now , if we could attach transport enhancers onto Tom and Harry , would that be enough to cut through the interference ? I believe so . Good . Then , we just need to get someone close to them . Doctor . A few words of inspiration should get me within reach . I suggest you use your mobile emitter . It 'll isolate you from the malfunctions . Good idea . Stand by to cut power to the holo - grid , in case things get out of hand . Aye , Captain . In the meantime , I believe your flock needs tending . Ex labis caelstium sanctorum super ad aures atorum larvarum mentientium . From the lips of the heavenly saints above to the ears of the dark and lying spirits - - may your spectral forms be cast back to the otherworld ! Back to the otherworld ! There must be some trick to these incantations . What do you make of this , Seamus ? We should just tell them the truth . Oh , good idea , Harry . Do you want to tell them they 're only holograms , or should I ? I see you left your box of charms at Sullivan 's . I believe this is the talisman you used on Maggie . Maybe we should turn them into cows . No , no , there 's been a misunderstanding . We are not spirit folk . I think we 've heard enough of your lies , Tommy - Boy . I say we tie them up to the lamppost in the square and show them how spirit folk were dealt with in the olden days . Leave them alone . It 's bad enough you 've got them trussed up like Christmas turkeys . There 's no need for foolish threats ! You 'd better watch whose side you 're on . You 're not above suspicion yourself . Oh , so we 're going to start turning on one another now , is that it ? We are if you 're choosing them over your own people . Sinners ! Sinners , all of you . You have the audacity to turn a house of worship into a prison ? This is where we gather to pledge our love for our fellow man - - not condemnation . You should all be ashamed of yourselves . Quite a rousing sermon , Father , but I 'm afraid you 're not going to find too many takers tonight . Not after your little vanishing act . It seems Grace Declan saw you disappear into thin air on Sunday . Aye. I 'd say that sounds a wee bit unholy . You 're in league with them , aren 't you ? Tie him up with the others . Listen to yourselves . You 're letting confusion and fear get the best of you . Doctor to Janeway . What 's this ? Fire and brimstone don 't seem to be working . Look here , Seamus ! Another talisman . Quick , get it off of him ! Beam him out of there . His program 's been disengaged from the mobile emitter . And what were you planning on doing with these ? Those are the devices that will allow us to leave . Just put them on our coats and we 'll be on our way . You 'd like us to believe that , wouldn 't you ? Something tells me these are spirit charms . We pin them on you and God knows what powers you 'll have . This is no charm . It 's some kind of a machine . Oh , it doesn 't matter . They won 't be telling us the truth about any of it . Oh , they 'll tell us the truth , all right . There 's more than one way to pluck the wings off a pixie . We 'll induce a trance . Give me Billy Ramsey 's spoon . Keep your eyes on the silverware , Father . I hope you know this is blasphemous . Oh , this is ridiculous . I can 't be hypnotized . I can 't isolate the Doctor 's program . He 's been integrated into the Fair Haven matrix . He 's vulnerable . Tell us the words . How do we banish the spirit folk to the otherworld ? There is no otherworld . Only Voyager . " Voyager " ? Federation Starship , lntrepid - class , registry number NCC - 7 4656 . You 're from some sort of vessel ? Mm - hmm . He 's talking gibberish . Maybe he 's not . This ship of yours - - is that where you took me ? Look here . It says if you can get a spirit to reveal his true name , you 'll render yourself impervious to his charms . What is your true name ? I haven 't decided on one yet . Katie 's on that ship , isn 't she ? Tell me where to find her , so I can get to the bottom of this . I 'm sorry , Michael . I can 't do that . Then I guess I 'm asking the wrong person . Tell me how to get to Voyager . No , Michael . What are you doing , Sullivan ? No man who 's gone to the otherworld has ever come back . I have . How do I get there ? Captain , the mobile emitter has been activated . Lock on to the signal . I had a cousin , went to America . He saw some strange things ... but nothing like this . You 're not in America . This is a starship . It 's called ... Voyager . I know . Should I transfer him back to the holodeck ? No . My name isn 't Katie O 'Clare . It 's Kathryn Janeway . Captain Kathryn Janeway . It 's going to be difficult to explain . Maybe it 's best if I just show you . You 've seen my world . It seems fair that I should have a chance to see yours . Captain ? So this really is a starship . But how can that be possible ? Have you ever read The Time Machine by H. G. Wells ? Are you telling me you 've traveled back through time ? In a manner of speaking . That 's Patrick Gibson and his cousin , Frank . They work on the wharf . They 're in my pub every Saturday night for the rings tournament . You 'll find a lot of familiar faces on Voyager . We 've been visiting your town for months . Why ? We 're explorers . I - l 'm not letting you off the hook that easy , Kathryn Janeway . There must be more interesting places to explore than Fair Haven . Can you think of any place you 'd rather be ? I guess that leaves but one question . How long are you planning on staying ? Well , that depends ... if we 're still welcome . My door is always open . But you 're the Captain of a starship . I 'm a barkeep . Just because we 're from different worlds doesn 't mean we can 't care for each other . Tuvok to Janeway . Go ahead . The situation has escalated . The townspeople have started to pile kindling at the base of three lampposts in the village square . Stand by . Take them outside now ! Stay back ! What are you doing ? That might not be Michael Sullivan . A demon could have taken his shape ! It 's me , Milo . I 've been to the place they call Voyager , and I 've brought Katie back with me . I 've come in hopes that we can resolve our differences peacefully . Peacefully ? I 'm sure that 's what you told the people of Kilmanin . They had nothing to do with what happened in Kilmanin , if it happened at all . We 're truly sorry for what 's happened here . We never meant to frighten anyone . Seamus , you were right about one thing . They are quite different from us . But not in so many ways that we can 't be friends . And we 're not spirit folk . Some of our technology may seem like magic , but I assure you it 's not . Katie showed me things that are beyond our comprehension . They have machines that I can 't begin to describe , but not once have they used them against us . Quite the opposite , in fact . Milo , you said you didn 't like the rain . And young Harry Kim made it go away . Edith Mulcahey herself said that Katie O 'Clare pulled her daughter from the well and out of harm 's way . These are not the deeds of spirits and mischief - makers . But they turned Maggie into a cow ! Uh , that 'll never happen again . I swear . There , you see - - we have his word . And if we can 't trust a man 's word in Fair Haven , what can we trust ? If you want ... we 'll leave and never bother you again . But we 'd prefer to find some way to keep our friendship alive . Captain ? I , for one , would like to keep playing rings with Harry and Tom . Keep having Neelix 's steamed cabbage at The Ox and Lamb , keep taking walks with Katie . Let 's not turn our backs on these good people . If we do , we 're only punishing ourselves . Just because we 're from different worlds , doesn 't mean we can 't care for each other . If we 're going to retain the program , we can 't keep running it around the clock . Not until we 've repaired these damaged systems . Not ever ! We 've pushed the limits of holo - technology and they 've pushed back . If we try it again , we 're just asking for trouble . I 'm afraid we 're going to have to close your open door policy . Yes , ma 'am . What about the characters ? Should I purge their memories of the last few days ? No . Leave them . They think we 're space men from the future . It won 't exactly be like old times . We learn to accept alien species with new technologies . Let 's hope the people of Fair Haven will learn to accept us . But before we shut down the program and begin repairs , what do you say to one more round at Sullivan 's ? My treat . You may be from the moon , Tommy - Boy , but I 've got three shillings that says I can still whip you at rings . Ho ! You 're on . Hello , Harry . I 'll catch up with you later . Tommy - Boy ! I 've been told there 's a pot of gold somewhere in Glen Abbey . Would you be able to find it with one of those fancy machines of yours ? Just follow the rainbow , Seamus . Rainbow , eh ? I didn 't think you 'd ever speak to me again . Well , I suppose I can forgive and forget . It 's not that often you meet a handsome young man from outer space . What 's this , Christmas come early ? It has for you . Open it . A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court by Mark Twain . I 've read some of his books , but not this one . It 's about two people from different times who fall in love , among other things . Sounds familiar . Maybe I have read it . Thank you , Katie . Or Kathryn now , is it ? Oh ! They say if you know a spirit 's true name , that it renders you impervious against her charms . Do you think there 's any truth in that ? Not a word . I 'm glad to hear it .
