 Shuttlecraft Dawkins to Jupiter Station . Go ahead . Uh , this is Lieutenant Reginald Barclay requesting permission to dock . Granted . What ? What is it ? It 's me , sir , Reg Barclay . Come in . Dr. Z. ? How are you ? Nice of you to finally drop by . I 've been extremely busy - - the , uh , P - Pathfinder Project . You 're still searching for that ship ? What 's it called ... Pioneer ? Uh , Voyager . Voyager . Any luck ? Actually , uh , we 're on the verge of a breakthrough - - uh , a communications link . Congratulations . The first transgalactic phone call . is there any word from Starfleet Medical ? Oh , doctors . I 've been scanned and probed a hundred times , and they still can 't tell me what 's wrong . I 'm sure it 's only a matter of time . I 'm dying , Reginald , and there 's nothing anybody can do about it . Seven of Nine to the Bridge . Go ahead . We 're receiving a transmission from Starfleet . Route it here . It 's not a com - link , Captain - - it appears to be a compressed data stream ... badly degraded . On my way . They say good things come in small packages . This is all the data they could send us ... until next month . Next month ? They 're using a cyclic pulsar to amplify signals from the midas array , but the cycle only peaks every 32 days . So once a month , we 'll be able to receive a short burst of information , and we 'll have about 17 hours to respond . So far , we 've gotten tactical updates , letters from home , and news about the Alpha Quadrant . I don 't suppose they found us a shortcut home ? It doesn 't look that way . We don 't have much time to prepare a response , and we 'll have to keep it short , but I want to give everyone an opportunity to send something ... even if it 's only a brief note . Inform the crew . - Yes , ma 'am . - Aye , Captain . Lieutenant Barclay , the Pathfinder Project ... they didn 't give up on us . So when you write those letters , you might want to thank them . Mail call . A letter ? For me ? Oh , it 's from Lieutenant Barclay . Bad news ? Lewis Zimmerman . Apparently , he 's seriously ill . Zimmerman ? He 's the father of modern holography . He invented the matrix that made my program possible . Oh . What 's wrong with him ? He 's suffering from acute subcellular degradation . " The doctors here are having trouble finding the cause , " much less the treatment . " l 've included his medical files . " As you 'll see , the prognosis isn 't good . " They say he 's only got a few months . " l 'm sorry I don 't have better news to report , but I thought you 'd want to know . " How well did you know him ? I 've never met the man . If you 'd like to send a response , the captain will need it by 1900 hours . Here 's the information you requested . Thank you . You 're reviewing his medical data . I thought I could send Starfleet a second opinion . It 's a long shot , but maybe my experiences in the Delta Quadrant could provide some insights . I was hoping these Borg regeneration techniques might help them develop a treatment for his condition . You bear a striking resemblance . He used his own physical parameters as a model for my matrix . Can 't say I blame him . A doctor needs to inspire confidence in his patients . Compassionate eyes and a strong chin can go a long way . I believe I can help him , Captain . How ? You remember the Vidiians ? The early stages of the phage are very similar to Dr. Zimmerman 's disease . I believe I can adapt a variety of Borg regeneration techniques to arrest the cell damage , maybe even reverse it . Make sure to pass along your findings . Thank you , Doctor . Actually ... I was hoping to administer the treatment myself . What are you suggesting ? I 'd like you to send my program back to the Alpha Quadrant . None of the doctors at Starfleet are familiar with these techniques . It would take them months to fully understand them , much less put them to use . Even if we could send you , you 're needed here . Mr. Paris can take over Sick Bay . He 's more than capable . We 've done this once before . There weren 't any problems . Three years ago ... and we used alien technology . I 've spoken to Seven of Nine . She believes we can compress my program . There 's limited space in the data stream . If we send you , there won 't be room for anything else . I realize I 'd be asking the crew to make a sacrifice on my behalf , but they can wait another month . Dr. Zimmerman might not have that time . I 'm sorry he 's not doing well . Unusual man . I met him once at a conference . Managed to offend just about everyone there , but he was certainly brilliant . I 'm sure Starfleet is consulting their best physicians , Doctor . They are , but no one 's been able to develop a cure . I have , but I can 't treat a patient who 's 30,000 light - years away . - l 'm sorry . - Captain ... This is the first time we 're attempting to send a response . We don 't know if it 'll even get through . I 'm willing to take that risk . I 'm not . He programmed me - - every algorithm , every subroutine . If it weren 't for his years of work , I wouldn 't be standing here . I owe him something ... and frankly , so does this crew . In a way , he 's responsible for every life I 've saved . Lewis Zimmerman designed the template for Starfleet 's EMH . You 're one of thousands based on that technology . It 's not as though he 's your father . From your perspective . From mine , he 's the closest thing I 've got . If I don 't try to help him now , I may never get the chance . You 'll have to find a way to convince Tom to take those duty shifts . He 's already agreed . Tell him " Captain Jane " said hello . That 's what he kept calling me at the conference . I think he did it just to get on my nerves . I 've heard he can be ... difficult . I certainly hope you get a chance to find out . Thank you , Captain . Oh ... My vocal processor ... lt 's not a malfunction . I 've removed your singing algorithms . They 'll be stored in the memory buffer until you return . Why ? Your program 's too large for the data stream . I have to extract all nonessential subroutines . They 're essential to me . They 're part of who I am . Are you planning on performing opera during your visit ? No . Will you be reciting poetry ? Doubtful . Hoverball ? Holo - photography ? I may want to take a few snapshots to document my trip . Sexual activities ? I get the point . How much has to be left behind ? 12 megaquads . Hmm . I suppose you could get rid of my athletic abilities ... and my grand master chess program . That leaves three megaquads . Your painting skills ? Oh ... lf you must . Try to leave a few of my enhancements intact . I don 't want to look like every other EMH on the block . I think Dr. Zimmerman will be very interested to see what I 've learned . He probably never imagined what one of his own creations could accomplish . I could spark a whole new field in holographic research . Bon voyage . See you in a month . Don 't get lost . If I 've told you once , I 've told you a thousand times - - stay off the food . Haley ? Haley , what 's the status of my lunch ? It 's coming , Doctor . As if things weren 't bad enough , now I 'm dying of starvation . Come in . Haley ... Mr. Barclay , is something wrong ? No , no , it 's just the opposite. ls he in ? He 's not taking visitors today . Tell him this is important . He 's in a prickly mood . Oh. I brought something with me that might cheer him up . Computer , is the download complete ? Affirmative . Lunch . That 's not pork chops . It 's salad . I didn 't ask for salad . It 's healthy . I 'm dying . A piece of meat won 't kill me any quicker . Give the plants to Leonard . He 's the one trying to watch his weight . Lieutenant Barclay is here to see you . I told you I wasn 't ... He says it 's urgent . Can 't it wait till I 'm dead ? All right , send him in . Three minutes - - he 's got three minutes . Be civil to him , Lewis . He 's worried about you . We all are . I found a friend waiting for me at home . You don 't have any friends . Well , I guess , uh , you could say he 's a friend of yours . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . An EMH Mark - 1 ? I 'm not in the mood for nostalgia , Reginald . But this is the Mark - 1 from Voyager . I was compressed into a data stream and transmitted from the Delta Quadrant . Congratulations . I recommend a tour of Jupiter 's third moon . I hear the lava flows are lovely this time of year . I 'm not here for a vacation . I 'm here to treat your illness . You brought a Mark - 1 30,000 light - years to treat me ? I was wrong about you , Reginald - - you do have a sense of humor . Care to let me in on the joke ? You didn 't tell him ? Tell me what ? Well , I - l ... You 're obsolete , extinct , yesterday 's news . My program was retired ? Retired ? Not at all . The EMH Mark - 1 was reconfigured to scrub plasma conduits on waste - transfer barges ! I 've been treated by the Mark - 3 , the Mark - 4 , not to mention the finest real doctors in Starfleet . None of them could help me ! He has been running almost continuously for six years . He has seen more things than most doctors could even imagine . I also have an exceptionally high tolerance for difficult patients . I didn 't program you for sarcasm . You 'll find I 'm full of surprises . Show the good Doctor to the plasma generator . I understand there 's quite a buildup of residue . If we had more time , I 'd enjoy trading barbs with you , but right now , there 's a more pressing concern - - your life . I 'm working on a treatment based on a disease I encountered in the Delta Quadrant , but I 'll need to run a complete analysis . However , if it 's impossible for you to believe that a lowly Mark - 1 could have anything useful to offer , I 'll be happy to pack my bags and go explore those sulfur mines . Go ahead ... scan away . I 'll be outside . What were your initial symptoms ? Radical hair loss . Fatigue , nausea , joint inflammation . Have you traveled outside the solar system recently ? What 's that got to do with anything ? Just answer the question . I haven 't left Jupiter Station in over four years . To your knowledge , have you been exposed to theta - radiation ? No . Neutron flux ? Never . Have you had intimate relations with a Bolian ? These are questions first - year medical students would ask . I 'm just being thorough . Just being thorough . Did that creature just speak ? His name 's Leonard . He 's a hologram . Computer , deactivate iguana . How dare you ! I 'm a doctor , not a zoo keeper . Has there ever been an epidemic on this station ? No ! Enough questions ! Finish your scans and get out of here ! Doctor ... I said get out of here ! I traveled halfway across the galaxy to treat you . The least you could do is show a little gratitude . Thank you . Get out of here ! I may be the only physician who can save your life - - you need me . Like hell . I brought your matrix into this world , and I can take it out ! I 'm no longer a prototype . I have exceeded my original programming . I 'm no longer under your control . Oh , really ? Computer , transfer EMH to the living quarters . How did it go ? Power up the midas array - - l 'm leaving ! What ... what happened this time ? I ran a mitochondrial scan . There was something odd about the results , so I spent a full hour analyzing them , and what did I discover ? He 's a Vulcan marsupial . He reconfigured my tricorder ! You find that amusing ? A little ... well , not really . Sounds like you 're making progress . How so ? He only teases people he likes . Then he must love me . I take it that you , um , still haven 't been able to diagnose him . Oh , on the contrary . The patient appears to be suffering from an acute case of arrogance ! Oh , that 's Roy . Don 't tell me - - a hologram ? It was commissioned by Starfleet Intelligence , uh , an experiment in micro - surveillance . Dr. Z. keeps it around as a sort of ... a pet . Undercover insects ? Talking iguanas ? This isn 't a research station . It 's a three ... ring ... circus . You should charge admission . Look ... look , you know that we can 't send you back for another two weeks , so please , just ... just ... keep trying . I can 't treat a patient who won 't let me near him . He 's deranged . What he needs is a counselor . Finally ... I 've accomplished something . I thought you might be able to provide some , uh , insight . It 's not that simple , Reg . Dr. Zimmerman sounds like a very complex individual . I 'd need to speak to him in person . Then maybe I could get him to agree to a counseling session . The Enterprise is in the middle of a mission . We 're nearly seven light - years from you . An important mission ? They 're all important , Reg . I could refer you to Counselor Jenzo , a colleague of mine on Earth . I need the best , Deanna . It would be an interesting challenge . Thank you . Thank you , thank you , thank you . Don 't thank me yet . I 'll still need to clear this with Captain Picard . If he agrees , I might be able to be there by early next week . I 'll see you then . Come in . Good morning . Mm - hmm . Problem ? I haven 't decided . I 've just listened to a communiqué from Admiral Hayes . Nice to have friends in high places . Hello , Captain . I hope this message finds you well . From what I understand , it has not been easy , but I want you to know that a lot of people here are very proud of what you 've accomplished . I also want to assure you that we have not given up finding a way to get you home . We 've redirected two deep space vessels toward your position . If all goes well , they could rendezvous with you in the next five to six years . Computer ... advance to time index 121.4 . ... as we get closer and our conversations become more frequent . When you respond to this message , please let us know of any casualties . I 'm sure you 've had more than your share . I 'm anxious to know the status of your crew , the Maquis , first contacts that you 've made , interactions with the Borg . But there 'll be time for everything . Our thoughts are with you . Talk to you soon . What ? " Status of the Maquis . " Do you find that surprising ? I don 't think of you or B 'Elanna or the others as Maquis . I think of you as part of my crew . You may have forgotten , but we haven 't . You heard the Admiral . It 'll be years before we have to deal with those issues . Let 's worry about it then . Do you have lunch plans ? is that an invitation ? I was hoping you 'd help me compose a response . You 're on . Doctor , your lunch is ready . Are you all right ? Fine , Haley , fine . Give me a few minutes . Lower . Ah ... perfect . I needed this . You have no idea what I 've had to endure these past few days . Last night ... I woke up , and I found him hovering over my bed with a hypospray . A smattering of photons , that 's all he is . What 's that ? What is that ? A tricorder ? You were scanning me ? Computer ... realign Voyager 's EMH . - You ! - Remain calm . Emotional outbursts will only aggravate your condition . I 'll tell you what 's aggravating my condition - - you ! If you 'd let me examine you ... I 'll report you to the Medical - Ethics Board . - Doctor ... Save it for your hearing ! If you weren 't so stubborn , you 'd see I 'm only trying to help . I don 't want your help . Why won 't you leave me alone ? ! Because , for reasons beyond my comprehension , I care about you . You weren 't programmed to care . You were programmed to hold a scalpel . I told you I 'm not the same EMH you created six years ago . Of course - - you can sing and dance . I should install you in a Ferengi nightclub . The Voyager crew appreciates my attempts to expand my program . This isn 't Voyager . It 's my lab , and in my lab , you 're still just a hologram ! A hologram you created . A hologram who owes you his existence . is that what 's keeping you here ? Some twisted sense of obligation ? Well , let me assure you , you don 't owe me anything . Doctor ? Yes , Haley , what is it ? You have a visitor . Hello , I 'm Deanna Troi . Which one of you is Dr. Zimmerman ? Deanna Troi . Another one of your tricks ? Excuse me ? Ow ! He thinks you 're a hologram . I can assure you I 'm quite real . Oh , well , the last beautiful woman to walk in here turned out to be him . I 'll take that as a compliment . Hmm . Did I come at a bad time ? Your timing couldn 't be better . The patient is suffering from acute anxiety , normally associated with terminal illness . It 's made him agoraphobic , paranoid , and extremely antagonistic . I see . Mind if I sit down ? Please . Reg tells me you won 't let the Doctor help you . He 's a Mark - 1 . He 's obsolete . I 'd be safer in the hands of a Klingon field medic . I understand he 's developed a promising treatment . If you 're a Borg drone . He 's threatening to use some kind of ghoulish assimilation technique . It 's not fit for a lab rat . You won 't even look at my research . From the moment I arrived , you 've berated me , treated me like an antique . Well , let me tell you something - - antique or not , I took a huge risk coming here . I had to plead with my Captain ... leave my ship without a surgeon . Doctor , imagine that your program was seriously damaged , and the only person who could repair you was an engineer from , say ... a hundred years ago . Would you feel comfortable with that ? If he were skilled , intelligent , creative . Honestly , Doctor ? A hundred years ago ? Well , I suppose it would give me pause . Ha ! Now , put yourself in the Doctor 's shoes . Imagine you were asked to treat someone you cared about - - say , an EMH Mark - 12 . There is no Mark - 12 . But if there were , and you wanted to save his program , he probably wouldn 't let you near him . He wouldn 't care that you 'd won the Daystrom Prize for holography . From his perspective , you 'd be out of date . But what if you knew you could save him ? Thank you , Counselor , for extending that olive branch . I 'm willing to see past our differences , if he is . All right . He can start by purging the plasma conduits on Deck 6 . Dr. Zimmerman ... I will not put my life in the hands of a primitive . You 'd need a phaser drill to get through that thick skull of his ! Get out ! Gentlemen ... Oh , spare us your psychobabble . I came here thinking that you were opposite sides of the same coin - - identical , but different . Now I see you 're both exactly the same . You 're both jerks . Jerks . I 'm starting to think you called the wrong Counselor , Reg . Oh , you 'll figure something out . You always do . Things are worse now than when I arrived . Lewis won 't come out of his lab , and the EMH is hiding in a holodeck . He 's feeling homesick . I - l - l let him use my Voyager simulation , and it seems to be cheering him up . A hologram fighting to save the life of his creator ... who just so happens to be the same man his own personality is based on . I think I 'd need a whole team of therapists just to get them in the same room . Mr. Barclay says this is your favorite ice cream . I hardly deserve it , but thanks . You 're a hologram . How do you know ? I 'm an empath . I haven 't sensed any emotions from you . When were you first brought on line ? Nine years ago . No offense , but you 're more antiquated than the EMH Mark - 1 , and yet Lewis seems to listen to you . Why do you suppose that is ? Were you here when the Mark - 1 was created ? Yes . Any idea why Lewis made it in his own image ? Maybe you should ask him . I did . He evaded the question . I was hoping you might know . He was extremely proud of the Mark - 1 . He used to dream about hundreds of holograms in every corner of the Quadrant saving lives . He put so much of himself into its development . I suppose it only seemed natural that it should look like him , too . But the Mark - 1 failed to meet Starfleet 's expectations . He was devastated . He ... he locked himself away in this lab for two years , trying to repair the defects . Finally , he just gave up , uh , started from scratch ... a whole new matrix . The Mark - 2 . Followed by the Mark - 3 and then the Mark - 4 . He ... he was obsessed with perfecting it . But none of the later models resembled Lewis . He made that mistake once . He wasn 't about to do it again . And now , after all this time , a Mark - 1 shows up . It must be like staring in a mirror at a reflection you don 't want to remember . Computer , resume recording . Last will and testament , Dr. Lewis Zimmerman . Let 's see , where were we ? Subsection 8 : " The Trojan Horse project . " I hereby bequeath my latest research in holographic infiltration technology to the only engineer I trust to complete the work - - Lieutenant Reginald Barclay . Subsection 9 : " Holographic Art . " I hereby bequeath my entire collection , including the 21st - century masterpiece Woman in Four Dimensions ... to the person who has appreciated it the most - - l ... guess that would be Reg Barclay , too . Subsection 10 : " Haley . " I realize she 's only a hologram , but she 's been a loyal assistant for many years . I 'd like to request that Starfleet keep her program running for as long as this research facility exists . She 's been as real to me as anyone I 've ever known . Not that I 've known many people . I 've created most of my friends . Pause recording . Don 't worry , I 'll find a home for you , too . So this is Voyager . I like it . It 's a remarkable facsimile , but Mr. Barclay did get a few of the details wrong . For one thing , Neelix doesn 't purr . I think that may have something to do with Reg 's cat . He named it after your friend . Neelix would be honored . If you 're here for Dr. Zimmerman 's medical files , I 've nearly finished updating them . Maybe the next physician will put them to better use . Actually ... I stopped by to ask you to dinner . I 'm a hologram , Counselor . I don 't eat . I know that , but we 'd still enjoy your company . We ? Lieutenant Barclay , Haley , myself ... Dr. Zimmerman . No , thanks . Unless that man 's eating crow , I 'm not interested . It 's the perfect opportunity for us to talk things out in a more casual environment . Sorry . Just one meal ? I said no . Doctor ? Something 's wrong . Troi to Lieutenant Barclay . Go ahead . There 's something wrong with the EMH . Can - can you be more specific ? She 's a Counselor , Lieutenant , not an Engineer . Stand by . What 's happening to me ? Your program is destabilizing . What ? Why ? They sent you 30,000 light - years . I ... I should have expected some problems . It 's not your fault , Mr. Barclay . We just need to find a way to repair the damage . You don 't understand . Your primary matrix is degrading , and there is nothing I can do . Good riddance to bad photons . He 's dying , Lewis . He 's not dying . His files are just degrading . There are people on Voyager who count on him . I 'll send them a Mark - 4 . They 're more reliable . They don 't want a Mark - 4 . They want their friend . No EMH was ever designed to be anyone 's friend ! He 's just a hologram . is that how you feel about me ? Just a hologram ? I will not be ambushed in my own lab . Stardate 53292 . My program malfunctioned , and you canceled a lecture on Vulcan and came all the way home to repair me . There 's nothing worse than addressing a room full of pointy - eared blowhards . I was looking for an excuse to get away . You came back because you cared about me , just like you care about the Mark - 1 . You just won 't admit it . He may not be perfect , but he 's still one of your creations , and right now , he needs his creator . Don 't turn your back on him . Computer , activate Voyager 's EMH . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . You 're the emergency . Where 's Lieutenant Barclay ? Trust me , you 're in far more capable hands . You 're going to repair my program ? Who better ? Just yesterday , you threatened to decompile me . That was before your colleagues made me feel guilty . You 're ill . You 're in no condition to perform delicate procedures . I 'll survive , but you won 't if you don 't relax and let me finish . What are you doing ? My scans identified a recursive error in your pattern buffer . I 'm trying to isolate it . is that a fractal algorithm ? Very good . I 'm using it to realign your matrix . Fractal algorithms are notoriously unstable . In the hands of a novice . Whoops . " Whoops " ? What 's " whoops " ? Computer , deactivate EMH . Ah ... I - l ... I can 't move . I know . I had to take your mobility subroutines off - line . How long have I been deactivated ? 17 hours . I 'm resetting your parameters . You don 't look well . You need rest . I 'm fine , and so are you . Your program 's been stabilized . I ... I 'm going to be okay ? No , you 're going to be better than okay . Now what are you doing ? Welcome to Sick Bay . How may I help you today ? Well , what do you think ? I think you 've altered my greeting protocol . That 's just the beginning . I 've also added new subroutines for compassion , patience , empathy , decorum . I don 't feel any different . Because I haven 't installed them yet . I thought you 'd like to be awake for the big moment . Reginald was right about you . You have exceeded the sum of your programming . You 've accomplished far more than I would have ever predicted . But let 's face facts . You never overcame the inherent flaws in your personality subroutines . You 're arrogant , irritable - - " a jerk , " as Counselor Troi would say . I believe she was describing you , as well . Don 't change the subject . I may not be able to turn you into a Mark - 4 , but I can make you a bit more presentable . What if I 'm happy with the way I am ? I 'm doing you a favor . I don 't want any favors , and I don 't want your new subroutines ! Why can 't you accept me as I am ? ! Because you 're defective ! " Emergency Medical Hotheads ! " " Extremely Marginal House Calls . " That 's what everyone used to call the Mark - 1 's , until they were bounced out of the Medical Corps . I tried to have them decommissioned , but Starfleet , in its infinite wisdom , overruled me and reassigned them all to work waste - transfer barges . That 's where you 'd be , too , if you hadn 't been lost in the Delta Quadrant . Do you know how humiliating it is to have 67 5 Mark - 1 's out there scrubbing plasma conduits ... all with my face ? I 'm sure they 're doing a fine job . What are you doing ? I 'm not finished with you . I 'm trying to do my job . And if you give me a chance , you 'll see that I 'm pretty good at it . Frankly , I 'd hoped that if we ever met , you 'd be proud of me . Well ... I guess it is comforting to know that at least one of you is still doing what I designed you to do . Your intercellular proteins are at a dangerous level . We should begin the procedure . Please ? Give me a chance to make you proud of me . Maybe we could try it ; see how it goes . See how it goes . Just don 't expect me to put you in my will . I - l 'm going in . Reg ... They have been in there for 32 hours ! Be patient . Well , you ... You 're not fritzing anymore . No thanks to you . Dr. Zimmerman ran a diagnostic on my subtronic relays , and he made a very interesting discovery . Apparently , I was the victim of foul play . Well , what ... what do you mean ? He found an algorithm designed to disrupt my matrix . You wouldn 't know anything about that , would you ? Well , traditional therapy wasn 't getting us anywhere . Well , your little scheme worked . Dr. Zimmerman has agreed to the cellular regeneration procedure . It requires several more treatments , but I 'm optimistic he 'll make a full recovery . Trying to steal my secrets ? Another one of my hobbies . I thought I 'd take home a few memories . You 're supposed to be in bed . I 've got work to do . It can wait . Go to bed . Doctor 's orders . I hope you won 't be coming back next month to make sure I 'm taking my medicine . Don 't worry . My Captain 's not likely to authorize another ... house call . Good . The next time she sends a data stream , you might want to drop me a line , let me know how you 're doing . If you insist . Ready ? Would you mind ? Not at all . Smile .
