 [ Bell Dings ] After the ceremony , I 'll have you transferred back to the hotel . I 've also taken the liberty of contacting a real estate agent . - We need to talk . - I 'm busy . Who 's the guy ? Not now , okay ? My sincerest apologies . [ Shutter Clicking ] [ Elevator Bell Dings ] - Excuse me . - [ Shutters Continue Clicking ] [ Gavel Raps ] Welcome to what I 'm sure is the beginning of exciting new lives ... as United States citizens . If you 'll raise your right hands and repeat after me - I hereby declare , on oath ... I hereby declare , on oath ... - that I absolutely and entirely renounce and abjure ... - [ Thinking : Screeching ] that I absolutely and entirely renounce and abjure ... all allegiance and fidelity to any foreign prince ... all allegiance and fidelity to any foreign prince ... - [ Judge ] potentate , state or sovereignty ... - [ Shouting In Cambodian ] [ Candidates ] potentate , state or sovereignty - [ Shouting Continues In Cambodian ] - [ Gavel Rapping ] - [ Judge ] Ma 'am , please ! - Ma 'am ! - [ Gavel Rapping Continues ] - [ Judge ] Security ! - [ Cambodian ] - Someone please get security here now ! - [ Gavel Rapping Continues ] Order ! Please ! - [ Fire Alarm Ringing ] - [ Judge ] Please remain calm ! Remain calm and file in an orderly manner to the nearest exit ! Please remain calm ! [ Shouting In Cambodian ] [ Fire Alarm Continues Ringing ] [ Muttering In Cambodian ] Did you see the look on that poor woman 's face ? I know she 's blind , but she acted like she 'd seen the devil himself . [ Man Narrating ] There are Pretenders among us . [ Jarod ] I was taken from my family . Thirty-six hours and he 's already demonstrating more talent than any of our others . How many people died because of what I thought up ? Since I broke out , I 've spent every moment searching for my past . [ Miss Parker ] He 's a Pretender - A genius who can become anyone that he wants to be . - The Centre wants him alive . - Preferably . - [ Miss Parker ] He defends the weak and abused . - [ Jarod ] Life 's a gift . - You a doctor ? - I am today . [ Broots ] I pulled a still frame off the front gate security camera . - Well , he signed in under the name Ki Mak . - Sounds Thai . Cambodian . Run it through our Interpol server , see what pops up . - Okay . - He has a tattoo . - A tattoo ? - On the back of his right hand . It 's a snake eating itself . I 'll make a note . - Think Lyle is up to something ? - I know Lyle is up to something . The question is , what ? [ Woman ] Just make sure the invoices are signed and initialed . - Thanks . - [ Phone Ringing ] [ Woman ] Agent Berger , I.N.S .. Uh , no , sir ... I can 't deport someone because you don 't like the price of cigarettes . Well , I suggest you shop at another store . No , sir , that 's - that 's not a joke . That 's America . [ Line Hangs Up , Dial Tone ] Can I help you , Mr. , uh - Agent . Ellis . Jarod Ellis . I was sent down about a blind woman . - Sent down ? - Yes , from D.C. I was working a case outside of Stockbridge when we got the call from your office . From what agent ? Rinker . - Mike Rinker ? - [ Phone Ringing ] - Jack . - [ Ringing Continues ] Excuse me . [ Punching Keypad ] [ Man On Radio ] Security to the southwest door . Carol . Is Jack Rinker still in his offiice ? He 's gone . Would you get me his car phone ? Thanks . I give up . One hour , and all I get is her name and the same thing over and over again . [ Repeats Phrase Twice In Cambodian ] I 'm fluent in five Asian languages , but I 'll be damned if I know what she 's tryin 'to say . She 's thirsty . She would like a drink of water . - You speak Cambodian ? - Doesn 't everybody ? I 've got Jack Rinker on a car phone . Should I put him through ? Tell him to have a good vacation . She 's all yours . Kim Chay . [ Speaking Cambodian ] Jarod . [ Speaking Cambodian ] Could we try this in English ? Could you tell me what happened today at the ceremony ? I mean you no harm . Well , you 're my second surprise visit from D.C. today . - Second ? - Agent Jarod Ellis ? Jarod ? 6 ' 2 " , 180 pounds , dark hair , dark eyes ? - You know him ? - We 've met . May I see your identification ? I 'm Agent Greene . This is Agent Hill . Internal Division . [ Jarod ] I realize this is all very confusing ... but I can 't help you unless I know what 's going on . It was reported ... that you kept saying the word " butcher " over and over again at the ceremony . Can you tell me why ? [ Greene ] Where is he ? He 's in the last interrogation room , right down the hall . Damn ! [ Ki Mak ] This problem must be dealt with immediately . I don 't understand . The woman you saw at the ceremony this morning ... is an unfortunate link to my past ... which now makes her a link to yours . I am sensitive to your concerns . But if I 'm not mistaken , she was also blind . Under estimating the meek has brought more than one army to its knees . We have a very good army here . - [ Door Opens ] - [ Clears Throat ] [ Door Closes ] Did you find her ? [ Whispers ] The blind woman has been taken . Taken ? - By whom ? - By Jarod . I suggest you tell your soldiers this is war . - [ Bells Pealing ] - Here . Let me get that . [ Pealing Continues ] Is that a picture of your family ? Mother . Father . Brother . Where are they now ? Dead . All murdered by the Butcher . All murdered by the Butcher . [ Broots ] Mak came to the United States three months ago from Venezuela . I 'm more interested in his connection to Lyle . Well , I don 't know if it 's related ... but Lyle 's made three business trips to Caracas in the past 12 months . As far as I can tell , the Centre has no ties to anyone or anything in that country . - Not on paper , you mean . - I did hear something else . I was in the bathroom and I overheard a couple Sweepers saying ... that Willie had a close encounter with Jarod today . - Where ? - The men 's room , SL-10 . The encounter with Jarod , you boob . Oh . Virginia . Across the river . But that 's not all . Willie has been assigned special temporary duty to Lyle 's team . Where are you going ? To have a little talk with baby brother . [ Bells Pealing ] [ Kim Chay ] All murdered by the Butcher . - In a hurry ? - Extreme . Hey , did you ever wonder why a Cambodian citizen ... would choose to live in Venezuela ? Isn 't that interesting ? I suppose it could be the climate . Or the coffee . Or is it , perhaps ... Venezuela has no extradition treaty with the West ? Something on your mind , Sis ? Who 's Ki Mak ? And why is Raines 's guard dog babysitting him ? Shouldn 't you be out hunting for Jarod ? It 's funny you should ask that ... considering I heard your people had a close encounter with him today . Can I get a little privacy ? No . Now , do you want to talk to me , or should I go put my foot down on Willie 's throat ? Mak is a former leader of the Cambodian Freedom Fighters . He fled Southeast Asia after Saigon fell . He went underground for his own safety . - What 's he doing here ? - We met in Thailand about five years ago . He helped me out of a situation . I promised to return the favor . Trust me , our little brush with Jarod was purely coincidence . Go on . Mak needed a sponsor to become a U.S. citizen . I pulled some strings , got him a commission as cultural liaison at the local port authority . [ Water Running ] Now , I suggest you refocus your attention on Jarod ... and climb off my back before I run out of patience . Is that a threat ? What do you think ? You must really like sugar dates . Actually ... they 're for a friend . These prayer beads belong to - Who are you ? I 'm a friend of Kim Chay 's . I need to ask you some questions . I built this for the other Cambodians in the area . A little piece of what we left behind . Come . We 'll talk in the back room . Please . My country is very beautiful , but it has seen much pain - the war with America , the genocidal march of Pol Pot . The leader of the Khmer Rouge . Yes . Please , sit . Nearly 25 years has passed ... but I can still smell the burning bodies . I keep these to remember , to never forget what man is capable of . Kim Chay was tortured by the Khmer Rouge . Worse , I 'm afraid . I had a brother who lived in her village . Kim Chay 's family was at home when the soldiers came . Her father , her mother , her brother ... were executed in front ofher . Yousee , she wasn 't born blind . It is told that she attacked the offiicer in charge ... to try and save her family ... that she drew his blood ... with her bare hands . She was six years old . This man ? Yes . This man is Colonel Chen Thon . He was an officer in the Khmer Rouge - an evil killing monster . Did you witness Thon commit these murders ? No . The only witness still alive is Kim Chay . Some of the worst officers fled to the Golden Triangle ... and flourished in the heroin trade . If Colonel Thon is here ... then Kim Chay 's life is in great danger . And now , I fear , so is yours . It turns out Mak is being sworn in by the Port Authority tomorrow afternoon . - And you intend to be there ? - Lyle knows his ticket to the top is still Jarod . But all he seems to care about is making good on a promise he made five years ago ... to a virtual stranger . - Your point ? - There 's more to this than we know . And this Mak character is the key . Hell , maybe Jarod 'll even make a surprise appearance . - [ Sighs ] - Well ? It 's like Mak just appeared out of thin air . There 's no birth certificate ... uh , school records , nothing . - Records can disappear . - They can also be erased . I tried to open up a computer file on Mak I had found earlier today ... to double-check some information . It was gone . Wiped out . It 's like any history of this man is - - Being destroyed before our eyes . - Lyle . He told me he met Mak in Thailand . Broots , take that photo , run it again for a visual match . And this time isolate the primary search to Southeast Asian targets - books , magazines , newspapers . And hurry . This guy could be gone before we find out who he really is . Kim Chay ? [ Bells Pealing ] [ Bell Tolls ] Kim Chay ? I know you don 't want to talk about what happened ... but I 'm not going to just go away . I never had a real home . I understand pain ... and loss . Tell me about your blindness . It was the time of Year Zero . Pol Pot and his followers wanted to stop Thon ... begin the war with themself as the only power . The killings began with the teachers . Then the spiritual leaders . And finally the artists . Your mother and your father . They were writer of poetry . Words of comfort and joy to the people . Colonel Thon make my father read from his own book . Then he kill him ... and the other members of my family . This was the day the sun went away . I want to help the sun return for you . But I have to examine your eyes . Can I do that ? I feel your pain and loneliness . You have lost many people that you love . Yes . [ Bells Pealing ] [ Phone Beeps ] - [ Line Rings ] - This is Sydney . I checked Kim Chay 's eyes . There 's no sign of damage or disease . Have you ever encountered something called terror silence ? First cases surfaced ... after the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki . Hospitals began seeing patients quite unable to communicate . And yet these people showed no signs of physiological damage . Their afflictions were psychosomatic reactions to the horrific savagery they witnessed . I believe that Kim Chay 's blindness is a form of terror silence . Well , the human mind is capable of almost anything in order to protect its host . She doesn 't deserve a life of darkness , Sydney . What approach should I take ? In some cases , the stricken have responded ... by confronting the object of their terror . But be very careful . If she 's pushed too hard , she may never emerge from the darkness . - [ Knocking ] - Sydney ! Oh , by the way ... Miss Parker is planning a little trip across the river this afternoon . It seems she has become interested in local politics . A certain Port Authority commission hearing , to be more precise . I thought you 'd be interested to know . - Very interested . - [ Beeps ] Kim Chay . I believe you have something that 's known as a conversion disorder . I do not understand . When something emotional , something traumatic happens to a person ... it can manifest itself in a physiological way . In your case ... blindness . Can this disorder be cured ? I believe it can . - But - - What ? You 're going to have to face the thing that triggered it . You 're going to have to face Colonel Thon . [ Trembling , Sobbing ] He 's going to remain a free man unless you step forward . Kim Chay , there is so much beauty in the world . Don 't let this monster take it away from you . I have lived in the darkness for so many years ... trying to erase the face of the killer . I cannot let the monster back in again . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . Okay , okay , okay . We 'll find another way . We 'll find another way . Shh-shh-shh-shh . [ Sighs ] Okay . I ran the picture of Mak and got a hit from a Bangkok newspaper . It 's a story that ran five years ago . It turns out Mak 's real name is Chen Thon . He was some military bigwig with the Communists . [ Miss Parker ] So , Lyle lied about Mak . What a surprise . - What 's it say ? - I would 've taken the time to have the newspaper translated ... but I knew you spoke the language . Well , I 'm not getting it all ... but apparently Lyle was arrested for assaulting a couple of prostitutes . Lyle ? What - What is with this guy ? First it 's the murder of Chay Lin . Then it 's the two sisters in college , and then the bloody torture chamber ... a-and now this ? Parker , you okay ? Fine . [ Parker Retching , Coughing ] [ Toilet Flushing ] - [ Woman ] I 'm sorry , si r . I don 't know what happened . - I don 't need excuses . Just get it done . I want any remaining trace of Thon 's previous life wiped out . And make sure the suppliers in Thailand are ready to move . Excuse me , Mr. Lyle ? [ Door Closes ] Mr. Mak called and asked if you could meet him right away . He said he has new information ... concerning the woman from the ceremony . He 's waiting for you downstairs in his car . - Um , Lucy ? - Yes , sir ? That 's a lovely dress you 're wearing . Thank you , sir . [ Door Opens , Closes ] Driver , where 's - What the hell is this ? Where 's Mak ? I am sorry , sir ... but there 's been a slight change of plan . You didn 't think I 'd let you sleep through all the fun , now did you ? Take this thing off my head ! Oh , quit your whining ! You won 't get away with this . - They 'll be looking for me . - Meaning Colonel Thon ? Didn 't think I was gonna allow you to let that genocidal maniac ... free in the world again , did you ? - That 's a done deal . - Oh , yes . That Port Commission thing . Not a totally idiotic plan . You have your guy appointed to the Port Commission ... and then you have an open pipeline to smuggle in heroin from Southeast Asia . It 's just business . Just business . With a man who butchered thousands of innocent people in cold blood . [ Chuckling ] You know my philosophy , Jarod . Don 't ask , don 't tell . Besides , you can 't show your face at that hearing . Miss Parker will have a small army waiting for you . Miss Parker . Well , that could pose quite a problem , couldn 't it ? Ups-a-daisy . [ Grunts ] - What do you want from me ? - Time . I 'm going to dial Miss Parker . You 're going to tell her that you captured me . You 're gonna give her the address here . She 's gonna come down those stairs , trip this wire and ... I think you can guess the rest . [ Exhales ] And ifl refuse ? That 's not really an option . When you used to torture me at the Centre ... I had to apply a technique that I learned as a little boy ... to help block out the physical pain . I had to go to places in my mind . You , on the other hand ... have not perfected this particular survival technique . Have you ? You - [ Groans ] [ Exhales ] Intimidating , isn 't it ? I took it off this rancher in Montana who was abusing his cattle . I know-you 're thinking it 's not the same thing . And you 're right . The cattle didn 't deserve it . Shall we make that phone call ? Hmm ? [ Sydney ] Interesting reading ? Or can 't you believe what it says ? I 've known you since you were a little girl , Parker . I can tell when you 're trying to hide something . It just doesn 't seem like the kind of thing you could say about a blood relation . [ Exhales ] The story isn 't about an assault . It 's about a double murder . Lyle was the prime suspect . Hmm . According to the paper , he used an unidentified military source to cut a deal with the police . Colonel Thon . And that isn 't all , is it ? These girls weren 't just killed . They were mutilated . - Mutilated ? - Some of their ... internal organs ... were removed . [ Clears Throat ] [ Phone Rings ] - [ Beeps ] - What ? Are you sure ? I hear you . - I 'm on my way ! - [ Beeps ] That was Lyle . He 's capturedJarod . I call this appointment session of the Port Authority Commission to order . Today 's business includes the confirmation of Mr. Ki Mak ... as cultural liaison to the P.A.C. - Good morning , Mr. Mak . - Ms. Owen . Gentlemen . As I review the data before me , I have to say I have never ... in my 23 years as a member of this council ... come across such an exemplary list of recommendations . My life has been , uh , dedicated and devoted ... to serving my fellow man . I believe each of us is given the opportunity to make a difference . It is our obligation and duty to do our very best . Well , if there aren 't any objections ... I suggest that we dispense with formality and proceed to the vote . That would be a very bad idea . - Who are you ? - Oh , it 's not important . It 's the man to whom you 're about to give the keys to the city ... you should correctly identify . You know him as Ki Mak , scholar , humanitarian , family man . But his real name is Colonel Chen Thon ... and his legacy consists of the torture and genocide ... of thousands of people ! Mr. Mak , do you know this man ... or understand any of these outrageous accusations ? Madam , my life is an open book , one you have sitting before you . As for this man , I can assume that he 's confused me with someone else . What 's confusing is that you 've been allowed to live this long . Colonel Thon was the commander of an elite killing squad ... responsible for the cold-blooded murder of innocent men ... women and children . This is nonsense ! Look , I demand that you remove this man - I realize all this sounds incredible , but if you would suspend these proceedings - I did not come here to hear slander and false accusations ! to investigate these charges , you would overturn a life fraught with torture and death ! Mr. Mak . Can you speak to these charges ? America stands as the last great hope for liberty ... a liberty many of my countrymen have fought and died for . Let me just say , if I am this - this monster that I 'm being accused of ... let there be one voice , one person ... step forward and prove that I 'm guilty . [ Owen ] I agree . Clearly , this is meaningless without eyewitness testimony . Is there anyone that can confirm these horrific accusations ? [ Kim Chay ] I can . [ Spectators Murmuring ] - And you are ? - My name is Kim Chay . I was born in the Siam Valley of Northern Cambodia . The man standing before you ... is responsible for the murderous deaths ... of my mother , father and brother . - You witnessed these killings ? - I did . And you can confirm the identity of this man that stands before us ... as this Colonel Thon ? This is ridiculous . This woman is obviously blind . How can she accurately identify anyone ? For so many years , I have lived in the dark ... afraid of the memory of your face . - I will not be afraid anymore . - [ Shutter Clicks ] This is the man ... who killed my mother , my father and my brother . This is his blood - blood drawn by a terrified six-year-old girl , and that was me . I suggest that we seal the building ... and have security to hold the accused for proper authorities . - [ Shouting In Cambodian ] - [ Gavel Rapping ] [ Screaming ] [ Gavel Continues Rapping ] Miss Parker ! I know you 're not in a very good mood having to spend the night trapped with Mr. Lyle . Lord knows , anybody would be bummed out . Not to mention being duped by Jarod again . I mean , it 's like the guy - the guy gets inside your head . You can 't make a decision without him being two steps ahead of you . Go away ! I found out what the tattoo on Thon 's hand means . Congratulations . It 's the Cambodian symbol for cannibalism . If you 're thinking of jumping ... I suggest you go up on the roof and do it right . You still haven 't mastered the curiously simple art of the knock . You look terrible . I had trouble sleeping last night . I couldn 't stop trying to figure out ... why Jarod didn 't finish you when he had the chance . - I now know the reason . - What 's that ? He didn 't want to kill the drama . I mean , there are so many ... tasty little secrets left ... to be served up . Not a very flattering picture , is it ? I know you killed those girls . And after seeing that artwork on your arm ... I can only imagine what happened to the rest of them . Well , you must not have finished the article ... because I was acquitted of all the charges . And as for the tattoo , well , it 's just one of several . Want to see the others ? You bought yourself out of jail ... and used a war criminal to broker the deal . Well , you have been ... a busy little beaver , haven 't you ? Okay . [ Exhales ] For the sake of argument , let 's say that ... I did these horrible things you 're accusing me of . - There 's still no way to prove it . - I have Mak . Or Colonel Thon , as it turns out . I put the right deal on the table ... he 'll offer up you and your psycho-pathetic sins on a silver platter . No pun intended . And ... to whom are you going to give this information ? The Triumvirate , for starters . I 'm sure they 'd be very interested to know ... they have a flesh-eating serial killer running their organization . I cut a deal with Thon , and you 're finished . Oh , um , I 'm sure the Colonel would be interested in your offer ... if , of course , he could hear it . [ Chuckles ] So I guess you didn 't read the paper this morning , huh ? The authorities are calling it a tragic accident . I prefer to think of it as karma . I 'm just crazy about leftovers . Aren 't you ? My God . You 're insane . [ Judge ] And that I take this obligation freely ... And that I take this obligation freely ... without any mental reservation ... without any mental reservation ... or purpose of evasion . or purpose of evasion . So help me , God . So help me , God . Congratulations . You are now all United States citizens . - I didn 't think you would come . - Are you kidding ? I wouldn 't have missed it for the world . - How does it feel to be a citizen ? - Like I finally have a home . You heard that Colonel Thon died in a car accident ? I saw the paper . But you are wrong . He died when you gave me the courage to face him . What made you change your mind about confronting him ? A friend reminded me how much beauty there was in the world . Thank you , Jarod . I hope you find a way to let the light back into your life . Thank you .
