 Time Keeps On Slipping Go get it , boy . How about a romantic ride in one of those swan boats ? They 're dangerous , but I 've mastered them . Those aren 't swan boats . They 're swans . That explains these boat eggs . [ CROWD SCREAMING ] Whoa ! [ CROWD SCREAMING ] [ SCREAMS ] Mmm ... Ah ! [ SCREAMS ] [ SNEAKERS SQUEAKING ] Pitiful ballplayers of Earth I am Ethan " Bubblegum " Tate , commander of the Harlem Globetrotters . [ GASPING ] For generations , your planet has lived in peace with our home world . But now , for no reason we challenge you to defend your honor on the basketball court . Will no one meet our challenge ? Have none of you Earthlings game ? - What happens if we lose ? - Nothing . There 's nothing at stake beyond the shame of defeat . [ GASPING ] This will not stand . [ CROWD MUMBLING ] I 'll take you on , you air-balling bozos . You , old man ? Sweet Clyde , laugh derisively at him . [ LAUGHS ] I may be an old man ... In fact , I 'm fairly sure I am but I 'll put you Globetrotters in your place with my team of mutant atomic supermen ! GROUP : Yay ! Behold ! My mutant atomic supermen . - They 're only a foot high . - They 're still young . Mere atomic superboys , really . We 'll speed up their growth with time particles called Cronotons . - Those destroyed an entire civili ... - Good news , everyone . You 're off to the Tempest Nebula to gather Cronotons . Hey , Leela , look at me . [ COUGHS ] Your face can take a lot of punishment . Good to know . There 's a lot about my face you don 't know . You and it should get acquainted . - Cool your jets , hotshot . - Why won 't you go out with me ? - We both know there 's something there . - No , I mean , cool your jets they 're melting Bender 's face . [ BENDER SCREAMS ] - Here you go . Hot off the nebula . - None too soon . The Trotters held a news conference to announce that I was a jive sucker . [ GASPING ] [ BABY CRIES ] Behold ! My invincible nuclear mutants . - Hi . - Hello . ALBERT : Marv Albert here at Madison Cube Garden where the Globetrotters take on a squad of atomic supermen in what should be a by-the-numbers contest with no surprises whatsoever . [ WHISTLE BLOWS ] ALBERT : Here 's the tip-off . Globetrotter ball . Clyde Dixon to Bubblegum Tate . Drives downcourt and Curly Joe from the rear . [ SQUEALS ] - That one grabbed his behindus . GROUP : Quiet ! Who dares laugh at the Jesters of Dunk ? We came to terrify and humiliate you , not tickle your funny bones . Watch as I embarrass your civilization by passing the ball to Curly Joe . Only to have it remain in my hands with elastic . CROWD : Boo ! And perhaps this will wipe the smiles from your faces . ALBERT : Goose goes up . Rejected . Agrow-treant from half court . Yes ! [ CROWD CHEERING ] GLOBETROTTERS - 42 SUPERMEN - 45 ALBERT : Supermen lead 45-42 . Aracneon with the steal . Thorais from downtown . Yes ! He 's showing us what a man with a cannon in his chest can do . No showboating , you atomic hotdog . [ BUZZER BUZZES ] ALBERT : That 's the half , the Supermen up 48-42 . Surprisingly dull so far . The Trotters are down by six . Reactions ? We planned to trail at the half , thus deepening Earth 's eventual humiliation . Also , what game were the refs watching ? [ WHISTLE BLOWS ] [ LAUGHS ] ALBERT : Curly Joe , amused by his own antics , continues to wreak havoc on ... - What the ... ? MAN : What happened ? GROUP : What was that ? Did everything just jump around ? Or did my brain just stroke off there ? Something very strange has just happened in this game between space clowns and atomic monsters . Time-out . Time-out . [ WHISTLE BLOWS ] - What 's happening ? - We 're lurching forward in time like a needle skipping on a record . - What 's causing it ? Is it my outfit ? - No . It must have something to do with those time particles I used . Time and space are ripping apart at the seams . [ GASPING ] - Oops . - Oh , great . Now , on top of everything , we need a new fifth man . Put me in . I wanna show Leela my skills . - Will said skills pay the bills ? - Who cares ? We 're 35 points ahead with two minutes left . What could possibly ... ? [ CROWD BOOING ] [ BUZZER BUZZES ] Globetrotters win , 244-86 . A dark day for humanity , folks . We have been beaten in basketball . - Yeah , that 's how we do it . - How 's that ? You are all fools of the highest caliber . I don 't know what you did , Fry , but you screwed up . Now all the planets are gonna crack wise about our mamas . - I 'm glad my fat mama isn 't alive . - Enough about your promiscuous mom we have bigger problems . This time disruption is serious . ETHAN : Damn right , man . This chronological wang-dang-doodle could destroy the matrix of reality . - Tate , what do you know about this ? - Not much yet but I am senior lecturer in physics at Globetrotter U. I 'd like to help . - You 're that Bubblegum Tate ? - I sure ain 't his grandma . Look here . We got an excess of Cronotons in the subatomic interstices . Yes , I see . Something involving that many big words could destabilize time itself . - Is that a problem ? - Indeed . At this rate , by Tuesday it 'll be Thursday . By Wednesday it 'll be August . And by Thursday , it will be the end of existence as we know it . I have to ask you to clear out . The circus needs to set up for tomorrow 's ... [ ELEPHANT TRUMPETS ] [ CROWD SCREAMING ] Time continues to skip forward randomly . Details at 11 ... This is the news at 11 . The unexplained ... Turning to entertainment news teen singer Wendy might be the ... Won three Grammys last night ... - Found dead in her bathtub . - Interesting . We behave normally during the time skips , but we have no memory of it . - You mean we just ... - My , yes . Just like that . - Any luck , Bubblegum ? - Not yet . - Hope you don 't mind if I dribble . - Not if you grant me the same liberty . Bubblegum , I 'm a huge fan of your work , both on and off the court . - Can I be a Globetrotter ? - Shut up , turkey . Ooh ... Bubblegum , look . The background time radiation is fluctuating wildly . That sucker 's shaking like fine booty . I 'm no physicist , but I think I know how to stop the skipping . We 'll just ... [ CARIBBEAN MUSIC PLAYS ] I don 't know how this was supposed to work . I hope you find out what 's wrong before we skip my birthd ... GROUP : Happy birthday , Amy . - Hooray , look at all these presents . I hope we all have as much fun tomorrow at my birth ... What ? Oh ... I 've set up a time-proof shelter in the closet . You 're the one I want to share it with . Fry , that 's so sweet . Let me see . How will this protect us from time jumps ? Because when we 're together in here , baby , time will stand still . Hmm . Hmm . - Zoidberg , can I talk to you about Fry ? - Leela , I would be honored . - Does the worst W.C. Fields imitation I 've ever seen . Zoidberg ? Sorry , you must have been boring me . The thing is , Fry is very sweet . But he 's so immature . I love his boyish charm , but I hate his childishness . So he 's not perfect . You don 't wanna end up old and lonely like Zoidberg ! [ SOBS ] You were saying ? [ FARNSWORTH SNIFFS ] There it is . The Tempest Nebula . Take a whiff through the Smell-a-Scope . - What 's that funky jazz ? - The odor of pure time leaking . When we removed the Cronotons , it destabilized the nebula causing time skips throughout the universe . - Let Bubblegum tell it . - Pretend these balls are time particles . As the nebula bounce-passes them off us they cause dents , or " time skips . " - You are so smart . What if we were to move this star cluster to these algebraic coordinates ? Their gravity may divert the Cronotons to the empty side of the universe . Yeah . But is it possible ? Moving stars requires a bad-ass gravity pump . We 'd need all the money on Earth to build ... [ GASPING ] - How long will it take to build ? - It won 't be easy . A jim-jam this complex might take months or even ... There we are . One gravity pump . Powerful enough to move the stars themselves . Now to begin the arduous task of attaching it to the ship ... Off you go , apparently . ETHAN : Easy , Leela . Just finger-roll that star to the cosmic basket . Just a few more hundred thousand miles . There . ETHAN : Nothing but nebula . I think we 've stopped the time skips . - All right . - Jamming . Hooray for Leela . What better way to celebrate than by showing Bubblegum the Globetrotter uniform I made . Let me see . Hello , lawsuit . I want you to know I think the way you moved those stars was wonderful . I got you something . Moderately priced , non-vintage champagne ? How did you know ? You deserve it . Nobody ever stops to tell you what a great captain you are . That is so true and sweet . You 're smart , beautiful , and best of all , you 'll go out with me ? Fry , please try to understand . You 're a man . I 'm a woman . We 're too different . Bubblegum might let me organize a bake sale for the Globetrotter wives . - Can you teach me to make cupcakes ? - All right . I want to lick the beaters . I got her champagne . What does a guy have to do ? Eighty-six the chump stuff . It 's time to win Leela 's heart with a showy , three-point romantic gesture . Maybe this is the moment to show her my real surprise . - Fry , what are you doing ? - Time to boogie on down to the sauna . I 've been studying how to pilot . Impressed ? Yeah , actually . You 're doing okay . The reactor temperature is nominal . The blinker 's off . I learned to work the gravity pump too , in case we need it . - So are we dating now ? - Is that what this is all about ? Please , cut it out now . I know there 's some perfect thing I can do to make you love me . - When I figure out what it is ... - I don 't wanna hurt you but there is absolutely , positively no way that you and I will ever ... - man and wife . You may kiss the bride . [ LEELA GROANS ] [ GROUP CHEERING ] Yes . [ CROWD CHEERING ] DR. ZOIDBERG : He looks radiant . Bubblegum , we failed . The time skips haven 't stopped . Even in these formal shorts , I feel like a failure . You tricked me into marrying you , didn 't you ? Of course not . - How 'd you do it ? Drugs ? Hypnosis ? - No , drugs are for losers . And hypnosis is for losers with big eyebrows . I don 't know what I did to make you love me . But we 're married now . - We 've got the rest of our lives ... - The divorce is final . - What ? - Let 's divide up the china . I 'll take the NFC helmets , and you can have the AFC . Fine . Break my heart again . Don 't be so hard on yourself . You lost the woman of your dreams but you still have Zoidberg . You all still have Zoidberg . How did I get Leela to love me ? I 've got to figure it out . Maybe you 're just a fantastic lover . - No . - I don 't know what I 'm doing . Maybe she 'd come back if I were a Globetrotter . - What do you say , Bubblegum ? - Hell , no . Ooh ... It 's hopeless . I did something so great it won Leela 's heart and I 'll never , ever know what it was . My life is empty . Zoidberg . No wonder we failed . Diverting Cronotons is mathematically impossible . I knew I should have checked your showboating algebra . I thought you knew that algebra was all razzmatazz . A Globetrotter always saves the good algebra for the final minutes . BENDER : Vintage Bubblegum . The time skips are worse . Isolated spots are jumping by years . Look . Stupid senior citizens ! Why should we pay for their benefits ? I deserve free money ! I 'm stumped . We 'll have to call in the finest scientific minds in the univer ... We could explode the whole nebula . What do you think , Curly Joe ? An explosion big enough to destroy that mama would take out half the universe . You got to Globetrotter that explosion up a little . Make it an implosion . By God , Sweet Clyde is right . An implosion might form a black hole that 'd stop Cronotons from escaping . Whoa , slow that brain train down , prof . We 'd need some kind of doomsday device . Doomsday device ? Now the ball 's in Farnsworth 's court . I suppose I could part with one and still be feared . Give me some skin , prof . I 'm making you an honorary Globetrotter . In fact , everybody in this room 's an honorary Globetrotter . I 'm a Globetrotter ! - Did you say ... ? - Too late , hot plate . Crap ! [ BEEPING ] We must leave now , for we are needed elsewhere . But we wish you Godspeed . Please . Please let me come with you . I can make myself taller . You can talk trash . You can handle the ball . But ask yourself , are you funky enough to be a Globetrotter ? - Are you ? - Yes . - Are you ? - I mean , with time my funk level ... - Are you ? - No . Deal with it . [ BEEPING ] [ GASPS ] - Careful with that doomsday device . - What does it matter ? I 'll never be a Globetrotter . My life , and , by extension , everyone else 's , is meaningless . LEELA : Roger . Leela , I don 't know what I did to make you love me . I don 't think I tricked you , but maybe I did . - And if I did , I 'm sorry . - It 's okay , Fry . - You know we 'll always be friends . - Yeah . I don 't guess anything I do will make you feel for me the way I feel for you . I guess not . The doomsday device is ready . Maybe blasting this space into a storm of nothingness will cheer me up . Okay , let me just take the ship out to a safe distance . Actually , I think I 'll go and prep the detonator . Fry , why don 't you take the helm . She 's so great . I almost remember the thing I did to make her love me . But I never will . Sorry , buddy . I too know what it 's like to have a dream I 'll never achieve . [ BENDER WHISTLES ] Oh ! LEELA : Detonation in three , two , one . - No ! Did you see it ? - The explosion ? - No , not the explosion . Then what ? Nothing . [ BENDER WHISTLES ]
