 Aeryn ? Yes , I 'm still here but I can 't get to you . Doesn 't matter . D 'Argo 's unconscious . Crichton ! I 've been discovered . I 'm under attack . I 'm reading eight Prowlers , four Marauders and there 's more on the way . And they 're all firing at once ! Get off me ! Get off ! Aeryn , get the hell out of there . I can 't ! .. I can 't ! No ... Aeryn ! Aeryn ! Damn ! Zhaan , that is where heart attacks come from . My circulatory organ does not seize up . Mine does . Oh , I 'm sorry , John I just can 't seem to shake these visions , no matter how much I meditate . I 'll offer it again ... talking about it could help . I doubt it . Suit yourself . How long until Moya returns ? About an arn . Oh crap ! Okay , I 've got a problem . Some ... joker decided to store his Keedva barbeque in the Nav linkage . Rygel You betcha . Can it be repaired ? It 's pretty messed up . DRDs are gonna have to rip the whole thing apart . Then we wait . We wait . Sweet dreams till sunbeams find you . Sweet dreams that leave your worries behind you . But dreams whatever they be , dream a little dream of me . I was . I keep seeing you die . John , have Chiana or Rygel spoken to you about what occurred on Litigara ? No , not a lot Chiana said it was best to talk to you about it . After you destroyed the Gammak base , I was terrified of what might have happened to you Well , we would have called , but Scorpy was still in the neighbourhood . For twenty solar days , we searched every planet we thought you might have reached . The last one we discovered was Litigara What happened there ? Something you don 't wanna talk about . Got it . Something I don 't want to remember . Zhaan ? You have to understand , John , we were all under incredible stress , and Moya was anxious to leave and search for her offspring . I was growing desperate . You 'd remember them if you 'd seen them I wish I could help you . Listen to me . A Sebacean , a Luxan and a hum another Sebacean Look we haven 't had any Sebaceans in here ever . And a ... Luxano , I don 't know what you 're talking about . Are you sure ? This is very important . I 'm sure . Comprame una copa , hermosa Getting dren - faced is not helping , Rygel . Well , it 's helping ME . What ? Leave me alone ! Get outside , both of you . Have you found someone ? I 'm onto it now . Please obey the signals . For your own safety , all traffic is monitored Pilot , please tell Moya she must be patient This is the last inhabitable planet within range of Aeryn 's prowler . If Crichton , D 'argo and Aeryn managed to get away , this is the last planet they could have ... Moya understands . But she feels she 's been patient . She now demands that you return to the ship at once . Demands ? She feels she has been more than accomadating in your search . Perhaps ... it is time to accept that their fate , whatever it may be , does not include us . Tell Moya we 'll be begin the search for young Talyn as soon as we return . What ? You can 't be serious ! I want a vote ! Silence , both of you ! I 've seen the way that you two have handled your anxiety over the fate of Aeryn , Crichton and D 'argo ! I hate to think of how you 're now going to handle your grief , and your loss ! Attention pedestrian , do not cross , do not cross You may proceed Zhaan ! You ! Halt ! Don 't move ! Remain where you are ! Something the matter ? On your feet ! what ? Get your frelling hands off her ! Back off ! What the yotz do you think you 're doing ? Shut up ! What did she do ? Your friend 's ours now . She 's gonna pay for her crime Crime ? What crime ? My name is John Crichton ... an astronaut ... radiation wave hit me ... I got shot through a wormhole ... lost in some distant part of the universe ... on a ship a living ship full of strange alien life - forms ... help ... Listen please ... Is anybody out there who can hear me ? I 'm Being hunted by an insane military commander ... Doing everything I can ... I 'm just looking for a way home . Pilot , tell Moya she 's just gonna have to blez out ! I will try to keep Moya calm . But you must relay to Zhaan that Moya is ready to bolt to look for young Talyn at ... any moment ! Zhaan You shouldn 't have come . You and Rygel shouldn 't still be here . Hey , his royal frogness might still be back in the transport pod sleeping it off But take a look , I 'm here okay ? I wanna help ! Do you even know what you 're charged with ? Failing to heed a pedestrian signal light . Who are you ? Name 's Dersch , Maiden Dersch . And you are ... no need to tell me . Zotoh Zhaan the offworlder What are you ? I 'm a public counselor . Specifically her public counselor . What are you , relative ? Friend Whatever Let me run this down for you . This your first time on our planet ? Doesn 't matter . Dersch . Yeah . Hold on , hold on . `Failing to heed ' ... it 's garbage . Plus that you 're an offworlder and didn 't know the laws . Good judge and a good hearing , I 'd say a minimum sentence . Ten solar days and you 're on your way home ! No , no we can 't stay here ten solar days . Yeah , talk to me . Don 't worry , Zhaan . Look - maybe we should get a different lawyer . Well , you 're welcome to try . There 's plenty of them around . Ninety per cent of our population are lawyers Just get me out , now ! Your case comes up tomorrow . Tomorrow ? I 'll see you then . I need you to listen What ? I need you to listen Come on , speak up . I 'm okay ... I don 't know what 's wrong with me . Chiana Everything is ready to go We proceed as planned . But Rhumann , you know it 's dangerous for me to be on the streets tonight . Your personal problems mean nothing to me . You 'll be there tonight . We found the perfect subject You 've done well . Well , look who 's here . You need a lift , lady ? You 're alive ! It wasn 't easy . We 've got quite a story to tell . Later . Now we 're going to get you out of here and get off this rock We 've been looking for you everywhere Hoping praying ! The last fifteen solar days have been unbearable Hasn 't exactly been a trip to Disneyland for us , either . At least you 're finally here . What are you waiting for ? Fire ! You 're here to rescue me . I need you here to rescue me . Get away from me . Get away Oh , I wish you were really here . I need you so badly The chances that we 'd survive , that you 'd find us , were ten million to one You knew that the moment you Starburst away . You 're just refusing to accept it . Now you must All this time since we escaped from the Peacekeepers ... I drew my strength from you and the others . Now I find myself incarcerated again . Without you to help me Oh , John I am so ... deeply alone . And afraid You 're not alone . You have Rygel , and Chiana . They 're like children . How can I be responsible for them , and for Pilot and for Moya and for myself ? Not without you . But it must be without us , now Rough night ? Hmm ? You want to escape ? This is your chance . This will show you how to get out of the building , how to get back to where your pod is docked Why are you doing this ? You want out , or you want answers ? The guards will be back at their posts , any microt . A second chance to escape isn 't going to happen Chiana ! Rygel ! Zhaan ? Stay where you are ! Halt ! You 're under arrest , alien . For murder . Well , the good news is you 're no longer facing trial on the traffic violation . Do you have any idea who it was you murdered last night ? I didn 't murder anyone . I was set up . His name was Wesley Kenn , if you care . He was a rising young equal rights advocate for the Utilities . Utilities ? What ... the ten percent who aren 't lawyers ? The case against you is that you busted out of here , and as you were fleeing , you came across Kenn , panicked and crushed his neck with your bare hands . Now I can 't say people are too broken up about it . He had some radical ideas about the law . Sweeping reforms for the Utilities bit of a trouble maker , really What are you going to do for her ? There 's not much I can do . As far as the law is concerned , it 's a done deal . Three solar days from now ... she 's executed . Well ... you 've gotta defend her , she ... she didn 't do it What 's her defense ? It 's just her word . You 're a lawyer ... make something up ! Do you know what would happen to me if I put on a bad face in this ? You might win ? I put on a defense I even suspect of being false , and I suffer the same punishment as my client . I 'll see you in court . This is a very ass - backwards world ! They don 't have monarchs , political parties . They have ruling law firms . The law firm currently in power is Rhumann , Willian ... something Anyway , Ja Rhumann , their senior partner , the man in charge , is him out there W ... well can 't you get to him ? He 's these people 's supreme leader ! He 's never alone ! You wanna tell me how ? We convien in the name of that which is most holy , The supreme law of the land Quite Amet Amet And the offworlder is aware of the charges for which she has been brought before this court ? She is , your honor . Having examined the evidence and eyewitness accounts of the events of evening last de los hechos de la pasada tarde , and after weighing all such admissions , this court ... Does it not matter that I am innocent ? Are you entering a plea of not guilty ? I am guilty of so many evils your ... your honor , but of this infraction I must protest my innocence ! Have you discussed this with your attorney ? NNo , she has not ! Mr. Dersch , Do you wish to represent your client in a plea of not guilty ? Absolutely no , your honor . I 'm afraid , Mr. Zhaan , without concurrence with your counsel , I cannot enter such a plea . Unless ... there is someone else who would be willing to advocate the defendant 's cause ? Without a volunteer , I see no other course than to proceed I hereby find the defendant guilty ... Wait ! ... as charged ... I will , uh ... This is pure dren ! You 're about to condemn an innocent woman to death . I will not permit this . What are you trying , Chiana ? I won 't have you dragged in with me . Return to Moya immediately Your offer stands , your Honour . You are now counsel for the defense . All those are law books ? This is only the peak of the mountain . Oh , I doubt we really need them . Well , you could at least say thank you . For what ? Assuring your own executions in two solar days along with mine ? What 's this ? If we put on a defense that includes falsehoods or , or can in any way be construed as bad faith , then we share the same punishment as our client . You never told me that ! How could you never tell me that ? thought we might even pull this off . But you and me , not lying ? not lying ? Are you mad ? Guard ! I demand to see the judge ! Rygel ! It 's done . The way it lays out now that either we 're all leaving this planet together , or none of us are This is ... ridiculous ! We aren 't lawyers We are now Shut up and read . Watch it ! You clumsy fool . Damn Utilities . Don 't deserve any frelling rights at all You guys get a lot of that ? He 's a lawyer ; it 's his right . They have rights . That 's why Wesley Kenn , and the reforms he was advocating , meant so much to my comrades ... And me My friend didn 't do it But can you prove it ? Under our law ? Damn it ! Why does your system gotta be so frelling complicated ? It wasn 't . It 's only grown more complicated over the centuries You mean to say your laws weren 't always such a mess ? This book , the Axiom , is the basis for all of our law All of these other books exist merely to expand on what 's in here . How did that ... become this ? As more and more people devoted themselves to the law , the law had to grow more complex to justify them all . This is the only book you really need . Please don 't do this to me . I don 't wish you You 're not really here , You 're just a figment of my imagination . Why 'd you leave us , Zhaan ? I didn 't ... leave you . A few more microts and we all could have been aboard Moya , we all could have StarBurst to safety together You told me to go ! If Moya had been captured , we would have all perished . I came back for you ! I 've been searching . Where are you ? Where ... where are you ? This must not go on . Zhaan , what are you doing ? This trial must not be allowed to continue . I confess Zhaan ! Are you insane ? I am guilty ! I committed that murder . I crushed that man 's throat You admit that you are guilty ? Zhaan Don 't do this What 's the matter with you ? Do you want to die ? I do not want you and Rygel to die with me . I refuse to carry the guilt of any more deaths into the afterlife . We haven 't lied yet . Of course , the trial 's only been on for a few microts . Rygel ! You will . In light of a full confession on the part of the defendant , I ... Wait ! Yesterday , you refused my client 's'not guilty ' plea until her attorney had concurred with it . Well , we do not concur with our client 's confession of guilt ... . Do not listen to them , your Honor I do not want their counsel I crushed that mans throat . I am guilty Gag her ! Your honor , I insist that you gag my client for her own good ! You can 't do this ! Execute me , and let those live ! They don 't know what they 're doing ! This trial will proceed ! And I would put the time of death , at between the tenth and eleventh arns of two evenings past . The cause of death , strangulation You 're supposed to be some sort of expert , in your field ? I am considered to be Litigaras preeminiant expert in forensic science , yes . I don 't understand how you can call yourself an expert , when we know for a fact , that the time of death couldn 't be when you said , because ... You cannot ... . lie Actually , my question goes to the cause of death Would it shock you to know that we have experts of our own , who are prepared to testify that ... No No No questions , your honor I was on duty two nights ago . The accused definitely looked desperate to get out and join up with her friends Objec ... Okay . So uh ... so you were the guard on duty that night ? One of them , yes How 'd my client manage to slip past you ? Any idea ? It was while we were changing shift . There 's a short period of time where that particular cell block isn 't fully attended . But even with that , don 't you think somebody ... would like ... You little toad ! You had to go and fart helium now ? I 'm nervous , it happens ! We 're in court , so sue me . I was on duty at the station when numerous telamissions came in from citizens , about a suspicious looking offworlder running down back alleys . I mobilized some men and proceeded to a spot where we hoped to intercept the offender , for questioning . When we got there , we found the accused kneeling over the body of her victim . Pilot ? We need more time . Moya will give you one more revolution of this planet Then she is leaving . And I cannot promise we will ever come back Just tell Moya we 've either got Zhaan , or ... , or Rygel and I will be headed back on the transport pod without her Look at him That 's the frelling cop that arrested Zhaan . He 'll probably get a promotion out of this . What the yotz is wrong with his face ? He has blue eyes So ? My second wife had blue eyes . Fifteenth and twenty third wives , too It was a dual full moon the other night . Really ? Litigarans with blue eyes usually stay inside . That 's what burned his face . They have an aversion to it So , he 's not only a bastard , he 's stupid . Well I don 't think he 's stupid . think he knows a lot . What are you going to do ? Oh , nothing to worry about partner . Just doin ' what I do best ... . Makin ' a new friend I 'm going to end up defending them both . You want something ? Well , I just hate to see ya sittin ' there all by yourself . Oh , listen honey , if you think I 'm gonna help you with your case ... The case is over . Isn 't that obvious after today ? We 're pleading guilty tomorrow , anyway . Besides , you 've already testified . I 've been reading about a strange concept in this Axium of yours . The Light of Truth Pretty interesting , isn 't it ? Is it ? Some sort of stick that you people used to think told if someone was telling the truth or not . It goes back to the very origin of the law It was believed that if you held a burning torch up to ... someone who was giving testimony and it burnt brighter , it meant that they were lying . I don 't need to know somebody 's lying , I need something that 'll let me lie , Just a little . So tell me all about tell me all about being a police officer . Oh ! Blue eyed , redfaced sack of ... There . This is this him . The guy that got murdered . Right ? There Wesley Ken . Let 's go , Chiana . Up - up - up . Court 's just about to reconviene Zhaan 's off visiting some happy place , and I need you awake . I told you everything the cop told me . My head 's just fine here . Nobody 'll notice . Nashton Cleansing Pills Take one now , one at the mid - meal and one if you need it , tonight We conviene in the name of that which is most holy . The supreme law of the land . Yes your honor , yes , I have questions for the witness , yes I do Oh , oh I definitely do . Oh I definitely , definitely do . Did I say I did ? Because I do . Did you testify yesterday that Mr. Zhaan , the defendant , Mr. Zhaan , Mr. Zotoh Zhaan , the woman standing there , right there Do you see her ? Because I see her . Do you see her ? Hm ? She escaped during your shift . Is that correct ? Is it ? Is it ? Yes Ma 'am that 's Correct ! And that you also stated that she escaped in a very short , very small , very minimal interval in which you and your guards , or you and your your guard buddies were were switching shifts . or changing shifts . Take it or leave it , some of them went on , some of them went off ... Okay , so if I were to ... Your honor , May I have a word with my co - counsel ? Please do . You took all three of the pills , didn 't you ? Oh you have ... you have no idea how frelled up I felt No idea ! Was there anything unusual about that night , the night of the murder ? Unusual ? Having to do with your two moons . Oh , yes , yes . Now I ... I see what you mean Uh , there was a full dual moon that night as I recall . And as I understand it , certain Litigarans , specifically those with blue eyes , are very careful not to go out on such nights . The burn they get is very painful Your complection ! It looks like you 've got yourself quite burn , there I got it the night of the arrest . Well , yeah , you 've got blue eyes . Hm . You were out that night and so was the victim . But you got burnt , and he didn 't . You became a city police officer how long ago ? Oh no , no , that 's right . You told me last night . You 've been in the force what , eight , almost nine cycles ? And before that , you said you worked in the private sector . Is that right ? As a security officer ? Am I right ? For the law firm of Rhumann , Willian and Mandell . Is that right ? The law firm of Ja Rhumann ? Come on , Pilot , you gotta tell Moya to wait ! It 'll do no good . She is charging her calorics right now , preparing to break orbit . I 'm heading back to the transport pod . I wanna talk to her so she can see my face ! She won 't listen to you , Chiana , she isn 't even listening to me ! You 've gotta do this for me . For Zhaan . There 's nothing I can do . Moya is leaving . Pilot ? Pilot ! Pilot ! Wellcome , Counselor . I am Ja Rhumann , senior partner in the currently governing firm . A law firm ? Is it part of your law to electronet somebody , and drag them to your office in the middle of the night ? I was impressed with your showing today . With little understanding of our very complex legal system , you managed to kindle doubt about your shipmate 's guilt . It 's not a lawyer 's way to be long winded , so let 's get right to the point . You will not win this case . You will lose . And your client ... will be executed . Frell you . This no longer about Zotoh Zhaan . It 's about you and the Hynerian . You will not call any more witnesses You will not pursue the line of questioning you began today . If you do , you and the little slug will find yourself up on charges . False charges . That will , nevertheless , keep you locked up here in Litigara for the rest of your lives You see , this is all about Utilities rights , my dear . Utilities don 't need any more rights . They need to work harder . That 's my concern Your concern is your own life And where you 're going to spend the rest of it . You won 't be needing ... your communications device . You won 't be returning to your ship unless I allow it . You have my offer you do your part tomorrow and I 'll do mine Trust me I 'm a lawyer You seem to have gotten yourself into quite a fix , without me Sweet D 'argo . This is not the first time you 've had to endure a cell like this one . It 's not the first time you 've had to experience the sense of ... hopelessness . You survived it then , in fact you flourished . I had the Delvian Seek My spiritual quest was the only thing that stopped my soul from shattering while imprisoned by the Peacekeepers . But I have set aside the Seek . Set aside my place as a Delvian Pa ' U. You set them aside , yes , but you haven 't abandoned them . Zhaan , Crichton , Aeryn and I , we ... , we can 't help you anymore . Whether you survive this ordeal or face your execution tomorrow . From now on you must confront your demons alone . I don 't know if I have the strength to start again , D 'argo I have known thousands of warriors , on countless worlds But you , Zotoh Zhaan .. you are ... the strongest individual ... I have ever known . Where the yotz have you been ? How is she ? Worse if you can believe it . She won 't respond at all now , and she 's begun this incessant mumbling . Here , let me have your comms . I 've got to call Pilot . You were supposed to have talked to Moya already ! I got grabbed and taken by Ja Rhumann Rhumann ? The Rhumann ? Pilot ? Pilot ? Are you still there ? I am here , Chiana . Moya has chosen to give you a little more time . Thank you , Pilot . Do not thank me It 's entirely her doing . Your comms were open all the while you were speaking with that man . That Ja Rhumann . She could not leave you like that . Moya wants to know , I want to know if stay ... will you be able to save Zhaan ? I think I may have a way . It 's chancey , and will require lashings of deception and trickery Finally You and I get to play to our strengths Have you any further witnesses to call ? Only one , your honor . I call ... Ja Rhumann Do you vow to speak what is true , all that is true and only what is true , by the sacred Axium ? I so vow . Mr. Rhumann . Yes , counselor ? Let 's start with that oath you just took It 's pretty important , isn 't it ? So important that you take it with your hand on this ... most sacred book . It 's the most sacred oath a Litigaran can take . So lieing in court is ... really bad . To lie before the law is unthinkable . So , Mr. Rhumann , remembering that you are under this most sacred oath , if I were to ask you what you know about the slain Utilities rights advocate , your response would be ... ? That I know no more about the unfortunate and untimely death than any other ordinary citizen . Namely that your client did it . Counselor ! You know what this is ? A stick of wood ? Oh , anywhere else , yeah . But in this court room , it can be used as an instrument , for dividing fact from fiction . The defense designates this ... the Light ... of Truth . The Light of Truth is a parable ! A parable ? But it says it so in your own ancient text Your honor , it 's ordinary wood Oh , a lot of truth is only ordinary wood . Only when it is near a witness under oath Does it react with special properties . Proceed . But I warn you , do not mock our law . We 've just got a couple more questions for ya . I have nothing to hide The death of the Utilities rights advocate . That benefited your own firm greatly , did it not ? It weakened our chief opponents , yes . But it doesn 't necessarily follow that my firm had anything to do with it . So if you wanted this guy out of the way , waiting for an offworlder to blame it on , would make a lot of sense to you , wouldn 't it ? Speaking hypothetically , yes . The night of the murder . The officer who arrested our client and who used to work for your law firm , got a bad moon burn . But the victim didn 't ! Well , could that be because the victim was murdered someplace else , and his body brought to the alley by the people who killed him ? knowing that our client would be there ? Again , speaking hypothetically , I 'd have to say ... yes Are you speaking hypothetically ? Now , Pilot . Yes , of course I 'm speaking hypothetically ! The night of the murder , did you send somebody to our clients cell to help her escape ? No ! Did you arrange for the police to discover our client with the victim , the already dead victim , in the alley ? No ! Did you plan and order the murder that our client now sits accused of , in this court ? No , no , no ! Maximizing ! Your honor , are you going to believe the protestations of an obviously guilty man , or the very symbol of your law , your world , your truth ? Arrest Ja Rhumann . All charges against Zotoh Zhaan , are dropped . The prisoner ... is free ... to go . So they nailed Rhumann for murder ? I 'm not certain . I know I was exonerated . And we left immediately , and soon found you But you still have nightmares ? Yes , I keep seeing you and D 'argo and Aeryn dieing horrible deaths . I can 't see past the fear I lived , Zhaan . Touch as proof . I know . But ... the experience proves to me that my spirituality was lacking . Is that why you re - committed yourself to the Delvian Seek ? Then maybe it was worth it . Even though my studies failed to benefit the rest of them ? Oh , who says that ? Well , at various times , Rygel , D 'argo and Aeryn Screw ' em , Zhaanie You 're a tenth level Pa U , you get to eleven , we get a t. v. ministry . If I may be honest John , most of the time I have no idea what you 're saying . Neither do I. Crichton , Zhaan , are you there ? Sparky ! We 're drifting dead ! How could you possibly frell up on a frell - proof transport pod ? I don 't know . Thought maybe you could tell me . Something to do with a stash of Keedva barbecue in the Nav linkage ? Oh , come on Crichton . What would you really expect from Rygel ? Nothing . Aeryn , it 's good to hear your voice Likewise We have you on Moya 's senses . Estimate your retrieval in a quarter arn Can 't wait to see ya . You okay ? I think so . Thank you for your compassion No , thank you for yours .
