 Tam 'vitte ... Rel mestal ! Mestal te 'iote senve . Siote ven 'suil . Bekta ! Tam 'vitte , me 'iote sendaya Voyager . Federation Starship Voyager , if you can hear me , please respond . If you can hear me , please respond . Voyager , please respond . Come on , Voyager . I know you 're there . Hello ? Voyager ? Are you receiving this transmission ? My designation is Mezoti . You sound a little young to be working the com . I 'm eight . I see . Are there any grownups I could speak to ? My species is 689 , Norcadian . What species are you ? That 's a complicated question . Explain . I don 't know how long l can keep this channel open . I need you to patch me through to Captain Janeway . I 'll try , but my height may be insufficient . Hello ? Voyager ? Mezoti , you are not authorized to be in here . Are you going to report me to the Captain ? Considering this is your first offense , a warning will suffice . What were my instructions ? To wait in the Cargo Bay until you returned . Why didn 't you comply ? You left the children unsupervised . Lieutenant Torres required my assistance in Engineering . I was gone for less than ten minutes . We told her not to deviate from your instructions . She wouldn 't listen . When the Captain asked you to take charge of these children , you assured her that you could maintain order . Controlling them is proving more difficult than I anticipated . They 're highly unpredictable . Meditation helps Vulcan children to control their emotions . You might consider ... Mezoti ! I 'm trying to talk to the woman . What woman ? The one transmitting from Spatial Grid 2369 . She 's made contact with a small ship , approximately three light-years from here . Alien vessel , this is the Starship Voyager . Respond . Tuvok ? That 's you , isn 't it ? This is Lieutenant Commander Tuvok . Sounds like someone got promoted . I want to hear all about it , but first I need to speak to Captain Janeway . You 're a sight for sore eyes , Captain . You , too , Harry . I 'm sorry , but do we know you ? I 'm Ensign Lyndsay Ballard . I was a member of your crew . Of course , I 'm not surprised you don 't recognize me . I don 't know who you are , but I 'm not amused . Ensign Ballard died almost ... lt was on stardate 51563 . I can 't blame you for being skeptical , Captain . But if you 'd let me come aboard , I can explain everything . We 'll beam you to Sick Bay . I 'm sure you 'll want me behind a level-10 force field . No offense . None taken . I 'm just glad to be home . Captain ? What do you think ? She seems to have intimate knowledge of this ship and its crew . I think we should find out who she is . Captain , I 'd like to come with you . I was very close to Lyndsay and if somehow it 's her ... I 'll know . Harry and I were on our way to a Class-M planet in the Vyntadi expanse , to recover dilithium ore we 'd detected a few days earlier . When we landed , we realized it was a trap set by a Hirogen hunting party . They 'd reconfigured a power cell to give off false dilithium readings . That 's exactly what happened . Go on . Harry and I headed back to the shuttle . We were ten feet away , when I was hit with a neural disrupter . Harry said my injury wasn 't that bad . He always was a terrible liar . I tried to get Lyndsay back to Voyager , but ... she was already dead . We buried her in space . Go on with your story . I woke up on a ship , in a stasis chamber surrounded by aliens . They told me they 'd used their technology to reanimate me . I didn 't believe them when they said I 'd died , but they showed me visual scans of my own corpse lying in the torpedo casing I 'd been buried in . The Kobali said I 'd been drifting for weeks . " Kobali " ? If you ever met them , you 'd remember . They look just like this . After the reanimation process , they spent months altering my DNA . They were constantly scanning me , injecting me ... Just to make you look like one of them ? That 's how they procreate . They salvage the dead of other races . I was given a Kobali name and placed with a family to help me acclimate . You were a prisoner . At first . I wanted to contact you to tell you I was safe , but the Kobali wouldn 't let me . They said you were part of my kyn 'steya ... my ... my past life , and that I needed to forget you ... all of you . So I spent two years letting my new family think I 'd accepted them . When I finally earned their trust , I stole a shuttle and started looking for Voyager . That was six months ago . They 've been chasing me ever since . In spite of her appearance , I 'm detecting traces of human DNA . I 've compared them with the genetic samples from Ensign Ballard 's file . They match . It 's certainly a convincing story . But your Starfleet training is telling you to consider all the possibilities . Maybe I 'm some sort of hybrid clone or a telepath who accessed Ensign Ballard 's memory somehow . Believe me , I was suspicious myself at first , but I am Lyndsay Ballard . Until we find evidence to the contrary ... welcome home . Captain , could you give us a minute ? Doctor . So it 's really you . In the flesh ... so to speak . I 've missed you , too . I know you 're all as eager as I am to welcome Ensign Ballard back . She 's a fine officer who 's shown a lot of courage and determination over the past few years , and we 're lucky to have her with us again . So let 's do everything we can to make her feel at home . Tom and I have already taken the liberty of removing Lyndsay 's personal effects from storage . And whenever you 're ready , your old shift is waiting for you in Engineering . Thanks , Lieutenant . Before we get ahead of ourselves , let 's not forget the Kobali are still out there . It seems they want her back as much as we want to keep her . We 'll need to take precautions in case they track her to Voyager . I 've run preliminary scans on the Kobali shuttle . I believe I can adapt our systems to counter a possible attack . Very good . Well , if there 's no further business ... Thank you for saying those nice things about me . You seem surprised . To be honest , I never thought you noticed me . My mistake . So , you still playing the clarinet ? Actually , I 've taken up the saxophone . Ambitious . I bet you 're good at it . You always were my biggest fan . Please , no past tense . Sorry . This is a little strange for me . Really ? It 's been a perfectly normal day for me . Deck 2 . It just so happens that hearing you play music again is # 26 on my list . List ? Something I made up to pass the time while I was away . I tried to think of everything I would do if I got back to Voyager- - including some things I wasn 't able to accomplish the first time I was here . Like showing up for duty shifts on time ? That 's # 27 . They 're here . Ah . Why don 't you and I have a cup of tea while the children play ? Thank you , but they require my supervision . I like your braid . I could show you how to do it . Mezoti . Something wrong ? I 've allotted one hour for recreational activity . There 's no time for irrelevant conversation . It 's not irrelevant . Adhering to our schedule will allow us to use our time more efficiently . We 'll be able to participate in a wider Wider variety of activities . Fun will now commence . Green . Grid 313 . Counter . Grid 10 . They 're cheating . How ? Azan is using his neural interface to share information . is this true ? You will exercise Punishment Protocol 9-Alpha . If they cannot participate , neither will I . You are encouraging disorder . And you never let us do what we want . You will exercise Punishment Protocol 9-Alpha . No ... I won 't . There you go . I can 't believe you saved all this . Tuvok thought I should recycle everything , but I just couldn 't bring myself to do it . My skates and I thank you from the bottom of our hearts . Do you know how long it took me to fold those ? Same old Harry . What 's that supposed to mean ? You 're still sort of obsessive . I 'm tidy . is that why you used to request baryon sweeps of your dorm room ? When you live across the hall from a slob ... Hey . Show some respect for the dead . Did I say something wrong ? It 's nothing . Just because I 've been gone for three years doesn 't mean I can 't still read you like a book . I gave the eulogy at your funeral . Oh ? What 'd you say ? Come on . It 's everyone 's fantasy to hear their own eulogy . Absolutely not . It 's probably for the best . You always were a terrible public speaker . Just hope you didn 't stutter too much . I told them you had a favorite saying ... something you got from an old Klingon battle cry . " Own the Day . " I said that you always believed in ... attacking each day ... possessing it ... and that that was what made you so much fun to be around . is that when everybody burst into tears ? I said that , if you 'd been there , you would have told them to own that day , to attack it , make it their own and plan to do the same thing tomorrow . Pretty strong stuff . You were a strong person . Not always . These last six months haven 't been easy . There were plenty of times when I could have given up . But you didn 't . You know why ? You . I wanted to see you again . Hmm . Guess I won 't be needing this anymore . Sick Bay to Ensign Ballard . I 've finished analyzing your bio-scans . I 'm on my way . My scans identified a genetic pathogen in your bloodstream . It appears to have converted most of your human DNA into a Kobali protein structure . is there any way to reverse it ? The biochemical changes have affected every system in your body . I 'm afraid there isn 't enough of your original DNA left to make you human again . But I believe I can effect some cosmetic changes . Are you saying you could make me look like me again ? Yes . The alternations would literally be skin-deep and it may take several treatments , but I 've devised an inaprovaline compound which should do the trick . Physiologically , you 'd still be Kobali with a multispheric brain , a binary cardiovascular system ... But I 'd look human . Oh , yes . I 've lived with this face for long enough . Let 's do it . Have a seat . You may experience some dizziness . I 'll hang on to Harry for support , if he doesn 't mind . That 's what I 'm here for . What ? Something wrong ? See for yourself . Here we are ... one Jiballian Berry salad . I have been looking forward to this for a very long time . It was # 6 on her list . There isn 't much variety in the Kobali diet . We ate the same gray paste for three years . It doesn 't taste the way I remember it . What 's wrong ? Too sweet ? No offense , but it 's got sort of a metallic flavor . Seems fine to me . I guess my taste buds are still Kobali . Can I get you something else ? Thanks . But I need to take care of # 16 : Dazzle Lieutenant Torres . One minute early . There 's a first time for everything . An alignment error has been cropping up in the dilithium matrix . We can 't seem to figure out what 's causing it . l-l know that you 're still settling in , so I 'll give you a couple of days to ... lt 's a vyk 'tiote . Excuse me ? Oh , a Kobali word to describe a certain kind of wave phenomenon . It 's hard to translate . Try me . Literally , it means " crumpled dance . " All I need to do is vyq 'tal the qen 'dioqe matrices , stabilize the per 'cheya , tez 'tel se nenna ... Cham 'bioque ! What ? You were speaking Kobali . I didn 't realize . I 'm sorry . Well , whatever you did , the alignment error is gone . Nice job . Thanks . I think there might be a few ... " crumpled dances " in the warp core , too . Feel like taking a look ? Any sign of the Kobali ? None . The latest tactical reports from Tuvok . Commander ... I no longer wish to serve as guardian to the Borg children . What 's the problem ? Their behavior is chaotic . My attempts to apply discipline only result in further disorder . Well , kids and disorder usually go hand-in-hand . Neelix issued a similar warning prior to my taking this assignment , which is why I devised an activities schedule to promote focus and unity . 0700 hours , the children emerge from their alcoves . Nutrients are ingested in the Mess Hall prior to proceeding to the Science Lab to begin classes . At 1300 hours , nutrients are consumed a second time before reporting to the holodeck , where they 're studying comparative alien physiology . Doesn 't sound like there 's much time for fun . On the contrary . I 've scheduled recreational activities . You can 't always schedule fun , Seven . Sometimes it needs to be spontaneous . According to my research , children require structure . I agree , but not to this extreme . You 're treating them like they 're still on a Borg cube . You 're comparing me to the collective ? You have all four children functioning as one . They do the same things together at the same time . So that each child has the same opportunities to learn . They 're individuals . Maybe they 're rebelling because you don 't let them express themselves . Then grant my request . Choose a more suitable crew member to instruct them . Sorry , Seven . Permission denied . Well , I see you 're finally going to try my hockey program . Actually , I 'm taking Lyndsay skating . Oh . Mm . You two sure have been spending a lot of time together lately . Don 't start . Oh , now , let 's see ... for those of us keeping score , Harry Kim has fallen for a hologram , a Borg , the wrong twin and now , the dearly departed . We 're friends . - Ah . - Just like before . Uh , all right , maybe there was a time when I thought of pursuing Lyndsay , but I closed the door on that when we both got assigned to Voyager . Mm . Don 't look now , but that door is creaking open . What do you think ? Uh ... you look great . Doctor thought I should stick to my original color , but this seemed more exciting . Hair is one of my specialties , despite evidence to the contrary . It 's just too bad that beneath this beautiful red hair still lies the six-lobed brain of a Kobali . Well , are you feeling human enough for a little skating ? I 'd love to , but I already have a date . Who with ? The Captain . She 's invited me to her quarters for dinner . In six years , I have never been invited to the Captain 's quarters for dinner . Well , I 'll give her your regards . Oh , damn ! Come in . Formal dress wasn 't required , Ensign . Well , I just ... I figured dinner with the Captain ... I 'd hardly call this dinner . My replicator decided to liquefy the pot roast . It looks fine to me . Stop trying to get on my good side and grab a slice of bread . Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches . I hope you don 't mind . Not at all . I lived on them at the Academy . So , how was your first day back on the job ? Pretty good , I think . Lieutenant Torres called my work " competent . " Trust me , that 's high praise coming from B 'Elanna . Commander Tuvok finished his analysis of your shuttle and presented me with 37 different ways of repelling a Kobali attack . Did he include your pot roast ? I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean ... I can 't believe I just said that . Why ? It was funny . We 're not on the Bridge , Lyndsay . You have permission to speak freely . Do you really mean that ? I wouldn 't have said it otherwise . Then ... there 's something I 've wanted to ask you for a long time . Why me ? I 'm sorry ? Why did you choose me for that away mission ? Well , I suppose I thought you were best suited for the job . No , I wasn 't . Dilithium extraction was always Lieutenant Torres specialty . And Tuvok had far more experience conducting away missions , but you didn 't send either one of them . Was it because they were closer to you ? You blame me . No . No , that 's not what I meant . - lt 's okay , Lyndsay . - No , it 's not . I 'm not offended . No , you d ... you don 't understand . " Never harbor anger toward those who brought you death , for they gave you the chance to live again . " In letting me die , Captain , you gave me life . I 'm sorry . Lyndsay ... I 'm sorry . I shouldn 't have come . You 're late . We expected you hours ago . For what ? Your farewell party . You weren 't supposed to come back . You don 't belong here anymore . Harry , what 's going on ? " Lyndsay Ballard , beloved friend and crewman " - - does that sound right ? What ? For your eulogy ... does that sound okay ? Harry , I 'm not dead . Denial : one of the final stages . It was illogical for you to return . Please , I don 't want to go . I couldn 't save you before , Lyndsay . What makes you think I can save you now ? Jen 'to ka 'siote ... Jhet 'leya . Come in . What 's wrong ? Bad day , I guess . B 'Elanna told me you did great in Engineering . I solved a simple problem . Didn 't sound so simple to me . Any Kobali can discern simple wave distortions . Even if B 'Elanna was impressed , the others were staring at me . I 'm sure it was just your imagination . And then , to make matters worse , I started babbling in front of the Captain . Oh. I used to get pretty nervous around her , too . Yeah , don 't worry . I 'm sure she didn 't take it personally . Hey ... I know this isn 't easy ... but I 'll help you through this . You have always been far too nice to me . Why is that ? You really don 't have any idea , do you ? Think about it . I rearranged my schedule at the Academy just so we 'd be in the same classes . I let you teach me how to skate , even though I hate the cold . I 'm crazy about you . I have been since the day we met . Why didn 't you ever tell me ? I was never good at public speaking , remember ? But I figure how often do you get a second chance . Which is why I 'd very much like to kiss you now . " Own the Day . " Sorry . You are creating disorder . Seven will be angry . I don 't care . They 're cubes . I can see that . Precisely 1 / 1,000 the size of a Borg vessel . Well done . A 26-sided polyhedron , composed of hexagons , octagons and squares . Impressive . What 's this ? Can 't you tell ? It 's you . I don 't see the resemblance . Look . Here 's your ocular implant , your nose , your mouth ... You were instructed to create a geometric shape . I reminded her of that . She wouldn 't comply . This was more fun . Don 't you like it ? It is crude . However , it does demonstrate ingenuity and individuality . She deviated from your instructions . Aren 't you going to implement a punishment protocol ? No . Resume your disorder . Lyndsay ? They 're coming . Red Alert . Raise shields . We are being hailed . On screen . I 've come for Jhet 'leya . If you 're referring to Ensign Ballard , she 's made it clear that she doesn 't want to go with you . She 's my daughter . Please ... I 've come a long way . I only want to speak with her . You don 't have to see him , you know . They can 't make you . I want to , Harry . It 's time to stop running . I appreciate this , Captain . I 'm willing to oblige as long as you understand that this meeting is over as soon as Ensign Ballard says it is . What have they done to you ? Given me my life back . You were so beautiful . It 's good to see you , Jhet 'leya . My name is Lyndsay . Why did you leave us ? I wanted to be with my people again . These people ? The same ones who set you adrift in space ? We jettisoned her body in accordance with our customs . You abandoned her . You had no right to tamper with her remains . We were acting in accordance with our customs . You mutilated her . Ensign ... The reanimation process usually results in extensive memory loss , which makes the transition less painful . Unfortunately , some remember their former lives more than others . Jhet 'leya , for example . I told you to call me ... Lyndsay Ballard . She 's dead . She has been for three years . Forgive me for being so blunt , but when we found her , she was a lifeless corpse . We salvaged that raw material to create a new person- - my daughter- - whom I love . I 'm not your daughter . You may have altered your appearance , but do you still think like these people ? Even now , the first words that come into your head , are they in their language or mine ? I realize this place is familiar to you , but it 's not where you belong . Your sister misses you . Tynsia . She keeps asking when you 're coming home . What should I tell her ? Tell her that her sister 's dead . I 'll escort you to the transporter room . I won 't give her up , Captain . She made her wishes clear . She 's confused . Thanks to what you did to her . I don 't want to fight you . Your ship is no match for Voyager . Every life is precious to my people , Captain . I won 't be coming back alone . Midnight snack ? Kobali cuisine at its finest . So I was giving some thought to # 32- - " Make Tuvok laugh . " He has this holo-program , " The Temple of T 'Panit . " I thought we might tweak it , so that instead of Vulcan prayers , the monks recite Ferengi limericks . You 're not laughing . Sorry . I can 't stop thinking about Q 'ret . I can 't believe he had the nerve to call himself your father . I 'll bet Professor Ballard would have had something to say about that . Who ? Your ... dad . Doesn 't he teach at some university ? I don 't remember . I don 't remember anything about him . Let 's get down to the holodeck . We 've got some monks to tweak . Sure . What 's wrong ? Why did she start to revert all of a sudden ? Our old friend , the pathogen . It 's adapting to counteract my treatments . It 's possible she 'll suffer occasional relapses for the rest of her life . You said you could maintain my appearance . I can , but it looks like I 'll need to increase the frequency of your treatments . You 'll have to see me at least twice a day . How am I supposed to do my job if I 'm in here all the time ? How am I supposed to do anything ? Please try to underst ... Stoi 'gia ! Net 'staika pen 'daeli shevaob ! I 'm sorry . Wow . This place sure is lived-in . If you 're here to lecture me about cleanliness ... I 'm here to ask you to stop the treatments . You know what happens if I do . You 'll look Kobali again ? So what ? I thought you were cute bald . I don 't care if you 're human , Kobali or Bolian . I just want you to be happy . I wouldn 't fit in . Are you saying Tuvok and Neelix don 't fit in ? That 's different . They got to grow up in their own cultures . They know where they come from , who they are . Wherever they come from , they 're part of this crew now , just like you . Lyndsay was part of this crew . If I stop the treatments , I won 't be Lyndsay anymore . You don 't honestly believe that . Since the day I got back here , I haven 't felt right . First I thought it was Voyager . Things had changed so much , I thought if I just gave myself more time I 'd get used to it . But it 's me . I 've changed . And the more I try to deny it , the more I feel like a ghost . I 'm sorry , Harry ... but I can 't keep fighting anymore . What about us ? The girl you were in love with died three years ago . Shields down to 48 percent . Target the lead ship 's weapons array . Life support 's failing on Decks 6 through 10 . Reroute power to compensate . Shields at 20 percent . Hail them . Tell them you 'll surrender me . Don 't listen to her , Captain . I appreciate the gesture , Lyndsay , but I 'm not giving you up . It 's not a gesture . I want to go . I don 't belong here . She 's not well . She doesn 't know what she 's saying . I know exactly what I 'm saying . Shields at 13 percent . I 'm detecting power fluctuations in the lead vessel 's warp drive . A polaron burst could overload the core . That would destroy the ship . They 're not leaving us much choice . Whatever we do , we have to do it fast . You 're sure this is what you want . Captain , I can fire that polaron burst myself . Stand down , Ensign . We can 't just let them take her ! Even if you stop them , I can 't stay on Voyager . I don 't want to lose you . You already did , but at least this time , we 've been given the chance to say good-bye . Captain 's Log , Stardate 53679.4 . The Doctor has stopped Ensign Ballard 's treatments , and her Kobali physiology is already beginning to reassert itself . All but one of us have said our good-byes . Vien 'ke debala , Jhet 'leya . I taught myself to say a few words in Kobali . That 's very sweet of you , but you just told me the comets are tiresome . Guess I better work on my pronunciation . I 'm sorry you didn 't get to finish everything on your list . I think I took care of what really mattered . That 's pretty . It belonged to a friend of mine . Would you like it ? Your friend wouldn 't mind ? I think she 'd be happy knowing I gave it to someone with such pretty hair . Seven 's letting us go to the holodeck by ourselves . She says we can run any program we want . Do you want to come ? Have you ever heard of " The Temple of T 'Panit " ? It 's a Vulcan program . Sounds boring . Don 't worry . We 'll make a few tweaks .
