 Wher e ar e they ? I don 't know . Dad ! Uncle Merrill ! Dad ! Morgan ! Bo ? Bo ? Bo , wher e 's Morgan ? Bo ? Ar e you in my dr eam , too ? - - This is not a dr- - - - Dad ! Hey ... Honey ... Morgan ? What 's happening ? The dogs wer e barking - - woke us up . Ar e you hurt ? I think God did it . Did what , Morgan ? Look , Lee , I don 't even car e if it was him . And you can just have a word with him , and that 'd be enough f or me . See , it was strange finding the crops that way . The kids wer e conf used by it , and , uh , it 'd sur e take the strangeness away if I knew it was just Lionel and the Wolfington brothers messing around , that 's all . At the movies ? Ar e you sur e ? Alright , then . Uh , thanks f or your patience , Lee . Yeah . Bye . Houdini peed . I think he 's sick . Why don 't you take him outside ? I 'll call Dr. Crawf ord . He doesn 't tr eat animals . Well , he 'll know what to do . Oh . That was quick , Caroline . I only called you f olks two hours ago . Old Mrs. Kendleman twisted her ankle , as she puts it , diving f or her lif e when a bunch of school kids rode down the sidewalk on skateboards . She went down to Thornton 's stor e this morning and started spitting on the new skateboards . Spitting ! By the time I got ther e , Mrs. Kendleman had sprayed the whole damned place . And she must have had a cold or something . I 'm telling you , I won 't eat f or a week . So , what happened to your crops ? Dad 's gonna burn these again . It 's contaminated . You don 't even know what that word means . It 's not contaminated . It 's just tap water . Pour it in his bowl . It tastes f unny . It does not . And besides , he licks his butt every day . I don 't think he 'll mind . Houdini ? Bo , don 't run . What 's wrong , boy ? Stop it , Houdini . Look at wher e it 's bent over , Father . It 's not broken . Now , what kind of machine can bend a stalk of corn over without br eaking it ? Can 't be by hand . It 's too perf ect . It doesn 't sound much like Lionel Prichard and the Wolfington brothers . They can 't take a piss without wetting the f ront of their pants . I don 't think anyone else around her e has had any problems . I was over at Theo Henry 's f arm yesterday afternoon , and he would have mentioned something . Why wer e you at Theo 's place ? Some animals around the county have been acting f unny - - and some of them violent . What is it , a virus ? I don 't think so , Father . They 'r e mor e edgy , you know , and alert . It 's almost like they act when they smell a pr edator around - - peeing on themselves and everything . Caroline ... please stop calling me " Father . " What 's wrong ? I don 't hear my childr en . He f ell on me . He wanted to kill Bo . Did he hurt you ? No . I 'm so sorry , Morgan . Wher e wer e you ? Houdini 's sick . Tie Isabel up to the back of the shed , please , and make sur e the knot 's very tight . What 's the matter ? Ther e 's a monster outside my room . Can I have a glass of water ? What 's wrong with the water next to your bed ? It tastes old . What ar e you thinking about ? Why do you talk to Mom when you 'r e by yourself ? Makes me f eel better . Does she ever answer back ? No . She never answers me either . What ? Lionel Prichard and the Wolfington brothers ar e back . It 's time f or an arse-whupping . This is not an intelligent way to approach this . Lee is a f riend of mine . This is his son . Yeah , we 'll be doing Lee a f avour . Alright , listen - - we both go outside , move around the house in opposite dir ections . We act crazy , insane with anger - - make them crap in their pants , f orce them around till we meet up on the other side . Explain " act crazy . " You know , curse and stuff . You want me to curse ? You don 't mean it . It 's just f or show . What ? Well , it won 't be convincing . It doesn 't sound natural when I curse . Just make noises , then . Explain " noises . " Ar e you gonna do this or what ? No , I 'm not . Alright , you want them stealing something in the house next time ? On the count of thr ee 1 ... - - Alright . 2 ... 3 ! Aaah ! I 'm insane with anger ! We 'r e gonna beat your arse , bitch ! We 'r e gonna tear your head off ! I 'm losing my mind ! It 's time f or an arse-whupping ! I cursed . I heard . How did he get ... Ar e you sur e this is Lionel Prichard ? You like that ? You got an old baby monitor around ? Bo had an old baby monitor . You can use Bo 's baby monitor as a walkie-talkie . - - You can ? - - Mm-hmm . It only works one way , but that 'll do fine . That is , until someone gets you an old walkie-talkie left over at the station . Stop ! It 's hideous ! Get it off ! l-I know what to do . Hey , Bo ... turn that down till Officer Paski leaves . Doy-da ! You 'r e too old to still be doing this . You take a glass of water , and you finish it . Now , what 's wrong with this one ? It has dust in it . This one ? A hair . This one ? Morgan took a sip , and it has his amoebas in it . My turn . So , how ar e you , Merrill ? Fine . How is work at the gas station ? Stimulating . I never got a chance to tell you , but l-I thought your moving in her e with your brother after - - it was a nice thing to do . Well , I don 't think I 'm helping much . You ar e . Sorry . Okay , so f ar I have , " It was very dark . " Yes , it was . You can 't describe him at all ? Don 't you think that 's kind of odd ? A little . I don 't know whether to look f or a giant or a midget . No , he definitely wasn 't a midget . Okay . So he was tall ? l-I would say so , yes . Probably . Over 6 f eet ? It was very dark . Yes , it was . How certain ar e you that this was a male ? Oh , I don 't know - - I don 't know any girls who could run like that . I don 't know , Merrill . I 've seen some of those women on the Olympics . They can run like the wind . This guy got on our roof in , like , a second . O-Our roof is 10 f eet high . They have women 's high jumping in the Olympics . They got these Scandinavian women who can jump clean over me . Caroline , I know you 'r e making a point her e , but I just don 't know what it is . An out-of-town woman stopped by the diner yesterday afternoon and started yelling and cussing because they didn 't have her f avourite cigar ettes at the vending machine . She scar ed a couple of the customers . No one 's seen her since . And my point is , we don 't know anything about the person you saw , and we should just keep all possibilities available . Dad , wher e 's the r emote ? I don 't know , baby . Why don 't you check in the sof a cushions ? Ex cluding the possibility that a f emale Scandinavian Olympian was running around outside our house last night , what else might be a possibility ? I 'm not done asking questions , and I don 't appr eciate sarcasm . Do you two have anyone who might have a grudge or something against you - - maybe a-a church member who - - who might not have liked the f act that you left the church ? I don 't think so . Okay , I was out of line with the whole f emale - Scandinavian-Olympian thing . It 's just , I 'm pr etty strong , and I 'm pr etty f ast . And I was running as f ast as I could , and this guy , he was - - he was just toying with us . Ther e 's only f ood under the sof a . Baby , why don 't you just change the channel on the television ? I did . And ? Same show 's on every station . Every station ? Bo , turn up the volume . Crop signs first emerged in the late ' 70s with r enewed inter est in extraterr estrial lif e . They died out by the early ' 80s , dismissed as hoax es . This new r esurgence is wholly diff er ent . The speed and the quantity in which it has appear ed implies the coordination of hundr eds of individuals over many countries . Ther e ar e only a limited number of explanations . Either this is one of the most elaborate hoax es ever cr eated , or basically ... it 's f or r eal . Extraterr estrials . What in God 's name is going on ? I did some r esearch after I saw your crops . Two or thr ee guys can make a design the size of the one in your field overnight using just boards and ropes . Really ? That 's how these things have been done in the past . But ther e ar e so many now . How could so many people be in on it ? I can 't think straight . I 'm - - I 'm gonna go back to the station and have a cup of Edgar 's coff ee and - - and try to think clear . And after that , I 'II ... I might make some calls . But I 'll tell you something - - what I said in ther e , it still goes . Your - - your f amily has been through a lot . And the last thing these childr en need to do is worry about some crazy things happening in the world . Now , take them into town and get their minds and your mind on everyday things , hmm ? Good medicine . That 's good advice . And you take car e of yourself ... Graham . The f ootage you 'r e watching was shot yesterday afternoon by a 34-year-old local cameraman in Bangalor e , a southern city of India . It 's the 18th r eported crop sign f ound in that country in the last 72 hours . Uncle Merrill , will you turn on the radio ? They ar e signs intended to be seen f rom the sky - - No radio either . Just f or a while . Book money ? Sur e . Just one . Be back f or pizza in 15 . It 's just a bunch of crock . They 'r e trying to sell sodas . It 's plain and simple . Been watching these r eports since morning . I have seen 12 soda commercials so f ar - - 12 ! You have any books on extraterr estrials ? Now , don 't tell me you believe this horse manur e . As a matter of f act , I think we have one . Came by mistake in a shipment - - decided to keep it f or the city people . Last row , third book on the left , honey . Why is no one saying the obvious ? These ar e just copycats . Someone somewher e does the first one ... It was asthma medicine , right , Father ? For Morgan Hess . And it 's not " Father " anymor e . In less than an hour , a couple hundr ed people get the same brilliant idea , and her e we ar e , on the verge of mass hysteria . Can I ask you a f avour , Father ? I need to clear my conscience . Will you listen to me ? Tracey ... I am not a r ever end anymor e . I haven 't been f or six months . You know this . All this stuff on TV - - two girls came in her e talking about the end of the world - - I 'm just a little scar ed . Please , I need to clear my conscience . I 've got it figur ed . You do ? I 've had two separate f olks tell me ther e have been strangers around these parts last couple nights . Can 't tell what they look like 'cause they 'r e staying in the shadows - - covertlike . Nobody 's been hurt , mind you . And that 's the giveaway . I see . It 's called " probing . " It 's a military procedur e . You send out a r econnaissance group - - very small - - to check things out . Not to engage but to evaluate the situation - - evaluate the level of danger , make sur e things ar e all clear . Clear f or what ? For the r est of them . Yeah ? You got a pamphlet or something I can r ead ? Sur e . Thanks . You didn 't used to play baseball , did ya ? Shit , I know you . You 'r e Merrill Hess . I was ther e the day you hit that 507-f ooter over the left-field wall - - set the r ecord . Man , that thing had a motor on it . It 's still the r ecord , right ? Got the bat at home o-on the wall . You 've got two minor-league home-run r ecords , don 't ya ? Five . Why wer en 't you in the pros making stacks of cash and getting your toes licked by beautif ul women ? 'Cause he has another r ecord most people don 't know about . He has the minor-league strikeout r ecord . Hello , Lionel . Merrill 's a class-A scr ew-up . He would just swing that bat as hard as he could every time . Didn 't matter what the coaches said , didn 't matter who was on base . He would just whip that bat through the air as hard as he could . Looked like a lumberjack chopping down a tr ee . Merrill her e has mor e strikeouts than any two players . You r eally got the strikeout r ecord ? Felt wrong not to swing . It 's contaminated . Carl , ther e 's something wrong with our water . Your water 's fine . Bo has this thing about her drinking water . She had it her whole lif e . It 's like a tick people have , ex cept it 's not a tick . Is that right ? 13 ! Don 't give me that so-so-soda That same old cola I wanna pop - -Pop , pop I wanna ... Shasta - - I 'll take it . I cursed 37 times last week . I said the " F " word a couple times , but mostly ... " shits " and ... " bastards . " Is " douche bag " a curse ? I suppose that would depend on its usage . How about , " John , you 'r e a douche bag f or kissing Barbara " ? It 's a curse . Then it 's not 37 . It 's 7 1 . Pharmacy crowded ? I don 't want any one of you spending time with Tracey Abernathy alone . Is that understood ? Is that him ? Yeah . Who is he ? What is it ? It 's Bo 's baby monitor . I f ound it in the basement . I 'm gonna use it as a walkie-talkie . What if it 's catching a signal f rom them ? It 's not . But it wasn 't working . Morgan , this crop stuff is about a bunch of nerds who never had a girlf riend in their lives . They 'r e , like , 30 , and they work up little codes together , and they analyse Gr eek mythology and make up secr et societies wher e other guys who never had girlf riends bef or e can join in . They do stupid crap like this to f eel special . It 's a scam . Nerds wer e doing it 25 years ago , and new nerds ar e doing it again . It 's just static , Morgan , alright . Turn it up . See . It 's a code . Why can 't they get girlf riends ? Can I see that , please ? It 's noise . It 's broken , Morgan . It 's just gonna keep doing this . Maybe some new batteries ... We might lose the signal . This is exactly what the nerds want . I 'm getting out now . Nobody move . Voices . Did you hear that ? Not English , though . You heard the voices , right , Uncle Merrill ? I heard them , Morgan . Probably picking up another baby monitor . That 's right . Let me see it . Stop ! See , this is why we 'r e not watching TV . People get obsessed . I 'm letting go now . No , Dad ! Don 't do it ! You 'll lose the signal . Don 't let go . It gets clear er the higher you hold it . I got it . Bo , honey , I don 't want you climbing on the car . Come her e . Stop ! Ther e 's two of them talking . Isabel , you 'r e gonna f eel very silly when this turns out to be all just make-believe . You 'r e wasting your time her e ! I 'm not gonna r eport this or anything you do to my crops to the news or TV or anybody ! You 'r e not going to get f amous ! Okay . Let 's turn on the TV . It first appear ed 52 minutes ago . Mexico City officials as well as U.S. officials have confirmed that these ar e not aircraft f rom either government 's air f orce . The first sighting was made by an Air Mexico 7 47 en route f rom Mazatlán to New York as the unidentified crafts enter ed Mexico City air space . They wer e not detected by radar by either country . The nerds wer e right . We have to tape this . My ballet r ecital . Listen , Bo , this is very important . Everything people have written about in science books is going to change . The history of the world 's f utur e is on the TV right now . We need to r ecord this so you can show your childr en this tape and say you wer e ther e . For your childr en , Bo . My ballet r ecital . Dad ! Find another tape . Uncle Merrill , I 'm using your tape . You ar e seeing a live f eed f rom our affiliate down her e in Mexico City . This image has not been adjusted or enhanced in any way . What you 'r e seeing is r eal . It 's unbelievable . Everything they wrote in science books is about to change . I told you . Some people ar e probably thinking this is the end of the world . That 's true . Do you think it could be ? Yes . How can you say that ? That wasn 't the answer you wanted ? Couldn 't you pr etend to be like you used to be ? Give me some comf ort . People br eak down into two groups when they experience something lucky . Group number one sees it as mor e than luck , mor e than coincidence . They see it as a sign - - evidence that ther e is someone up ther e watching out f or them . Group number two sees it as just pur e luck , a happy turn of chance . I 'm sur e the people in group number two ar e looking at those 14 lights in a very suspicious way . For them , the situation isn 't 50-50 . Could be bad , could be good . But deep down , they f eel that whatever happens , they 'r e on their own . And that fills them with f ear . Yeah , ther e ar e those people . But ther e 's a whole lot of people in the group number one . When they see those 14 lights , they 'r e looking at a miracle . And deep down , they f eel that whatever 's going to happen , ther e 'll be someone ther e to help them . And that fills them with hope . See , what you have to ask yourself is , what kind of person ar e you ? Ar e you the kind who sees signs , sees miracles ? Or do you believe that people just get lucky ? Or look at the question this way - - is it possible that ther e ar e no coincidences ? I was at this party once . I 'm on the couch with Randa McKinney . She was just sitting ther e looking beautif ul , staring at me . I go to lean in and kiss her ... and I r ealise I have gum in my mouth . So I turn , take out the gum , stuff it in a paper cup next to the sof a , and turn around . Randa McKinney throws up all over herself . I knew the second it happened it was a miracle . I could have been kissing her when she thr ew up . That would have scarr ed me f or lif e . I may never have r ecover ed . I 'm a miracle man . Those lights ar e a miracle . Ther e you go . So , which type ar e you ? Do you f eel comf orted ? Yeah , I do . Then what does it matter ? I never told you the last words that Colleen said bef or e they let her die . She said , " See . " Then her eyes glazed a bit . And then she said , " Swing away . " You know why she said that ? Because the nerve endings in her brain wer e firing as she died , and some random memory of us at one of your baseball games just popped into her head . Ther e is no one watching out f or us , Merrill . We ar e all on our own . What do you know ? Well , ther e was an accident - - drunk driving , they wer en 't sur e - - He wasn 't drunk . Ray f ell asleep at the wheel . - - Is he okay ? - - Yeah . That was the first thing Colleen asked , too . She 's talking . What ambulance is she in ? She 's not in an ambulance , Father . For the kids ' protection . All they wer e doing was watching TV f rom 5.00 a.m. I f elt like they wer e getting obsessed , like you said . They should be playing f urry , f urry rabbit or tea party or something . What 's f urry , f urry rabbit ? It 's a game , isn 't it ? Anyways , they closed the schools . And ther e 's been some inter esting developments . What time is it ? 11 .00 a.m. They 'r e gone , but they 'r e not r eally gone . We just can 't see them . Early this morning , a bird flew into the ar ea wher e the lights wer e hovering last night . It stopped dead in the air and f ell straight down . They caught it on tape . They 've been playing it all morning . The f ootage looks like the bird flew into a wall in the sky . They f ound the bird . His - - his head was crushed in . They think they have some kind of invisible-shield thing going , l-like an optical illusion . They 'r e still ther e , hovering . Some people think ther e 's mor e of them now ... all over the place , over us , even . Ther e 's a theory about the c- - the crop circles . They could be some kind of - - some kind of landmark , visual mapping system so they could navigate , coordinate - - makes sense . Want to hear a story ? Is it true ? So the aliens can 't r ead our minds . Oh . Oh , of course . They tell you everything in this book . It says they 'r e probably very small , like my height , because as their brains develop , ther e was no use f or physical development . It also says they 'r e probably vegetarians because they would have r ealised the benefits of such a diet . Who wrote this book ? Scientists who have been persecuted f or their belief s . That means they 'r e unemployed . If you 'r e gonna make f un of it , then f orget it . This is serious . I don 't know what got into me . Ther e ar e pictur es . Dr. Bimbu , one of the authors of the book - - - - Bimbu ? - - Dad . I just asked his name . You had a tone . He said ther e ar e two r easons why extraterr estrials would visit us - - to make contact in the spirit of exploration and f urthering the knowledge of the universe , or the other r eason - - they 'r e hostile . They 've used up all the r esources on their planet , and they 'r e looking to harvest our planet next . Her e . Looks a little like our house , doesn 't it ? Same windows . That 's weird . Yeah , oh , yeah . That 's enough f rom Dr. Bimbu f or now . Everybody in this house needs to calm down and eat some f ruit or something . Hello ? Father ? Hello ? I 'm going out f or a f ew minutes . No one leaves this house - - no one . Wher e you going ? Ray Reddy 's house . Why ? I think he just called her e . You don 't think something bad will happen , do you , Morgan ? Why ? You have one of your f eelings again ? Is it bad ? I won 't let anything bad happen to you . I don 't want you to die . Who said I was gonna die ? Who said I was gonna die ? Hello , Ray . What happened ? I wrote your number down to call you . It 's been sitting next to the phone f or 6 months . When I knew it was inside the house ... I couldn 't think of any other number to call . I panicked . Thank you f or coming , Father . You 'r e welcome , Ray . I worked so long that night . I 've never f allen asleep driving bef or e ... never since . Don 't . Most of the ride home , ther e wasn 't a car in sight in either dir ection . If I 'd have f allen asleep then , I would have ended up in a ditch with a headache . And it had to be at that right moment - - that 10 , 15 seconds when I passed her walking . It was like it was meant to be . I guess if this is the end of the world , I 'm scr ewed , right ? People who kill r ever ends ' wives ar en 't exactly usher ed to the f ront of the line in Heaven . Wh- - Wher e ar e you going , Ray ? To the lake . The way I see it ... these places marked in crops and such - - none of them ar e r eally near water . I don 't think they like water . Can 't be any worse than her e . Did you see something , Ray ? I know what I 've done to you . I made you question your f aith . I 'm truly sorry f or what I 've done to you and yours . Alright . And don 't open my pantry , Father . I f ound one of them in ther e and locked him in . The startling f ootage we 'r e about to show you was photographed by a 42-year-old , Romero Valadar ez . This video was taken yesterday afternoon at his son 's 7th birthday in the city of Passo Fundo , Brazil . It was sent to the local news bur eau ther e and sent to us via satellite just a f ew minutes ago . All initial opinions ar e this is genuine . What you 'r e about to see may disturb you . Move , childr en ! Vámanos ! Oh ! Hello ? The police ar e her e . I am with them . I am a police officer . I just want to talk with you . We know all about the hoax . We air eady took some of your f riends downtown in a paddy waggon . Just tell us your name and why you did it , and we 'll give you the same deal we gave the others . Don 't throw your lif e away , son . Oh ! Ah ! Oh ! Their skin changes colours . That 's why we couldn 't see them that night . Tell me something , Morgan . Uh ... in this book of yours ... did they happen to detail what would happen if they wer e hostile ? Yes . It said they would probably invade . They would use ground tactics - - hand-to-hand combat . They wouldn 't use our technology or fight an airborne battle 'cause they know eventually we would use nuclear weapons . Then the planet would be useless to them . How could anyone possibly know that inf ormation ? It 's ridiculous . What else did it say ? They said ther e ar e one of two outcomes of an invasion . One , they fight and ar e def eated and have to r eturn again with f ull f orces hundr eds , maybe even thousands , of years later . What 's two ? They win . I 'm sorry , what - - what book is this ? Is this r eally happening ? I heard a theory that , uh , they don 't like places near water . Maybe we 'd be saf e f rom them near a lake or something . Sounds made-up . I saw one of them at Ray Reddy 's house . I can 't be sur e , but I got the distinct f eeling he wanted to harm me . So ... we can choose to believe this lake idea , pack up , and go , or we can stay her e , hide inside our home , wait it out . We might be overr eacting , but I 'm willing to live with that . Either way , at least we 'll be together . All those in f avour of the lake idea , raise your hand . Yeah . All those in f avour of home , raise your hand . Okay . My vote counts as two . That 's bullshit ! You 'r e cheating ! Morgan , calm down . I get two votes because I r epr esent two par ents her e . We don 't know anything yet . We 'll be saf e her e anyway . I don 't want to leave home . This is wher e we lived with Mom . That 's got nothing to do with this . I change my vote . You can 't change your vote . All those in f avour of home , raise your hand . This is ridiculous . You lose , 3-2 . We 'r e going to board up every window in this house . How do we know boards will do anything ? Because they seem to have trouble with pantry doors . The inf ormation we 'r e r eceiving comes f rom our affiliates across the world . Dad , Uncle Merrill ! Amman joins Nairobi , Beijing , and Jerusalem as the latest to confirm the appearance of lights . Ther e ar e lights in over 27 4 cities . They think it 'll be 400 within the hour . They 'r e appearing at or within one mile of crop signs . They were f or navigation . They made a map . They 'r e gonna be within a mile of us . Dad ? Yes ? They think these ar e staged immediately pr eceding an attack manoeuvr e . I was wrong . They 'r e hostile . It 's like " War of the Worlds . " Ground f orces have been assembled in countries throughout the globe . Hundr eds of thousands have flocked to temples , synagogues , and churches . God be with us all . I 'm going to get back to the windows . Hey , you guys okay ? Some guy had a sign saying it was the end of the world . Don 't worry . You won 't let anything happen to us , right ? No way . I wish you wer e my dad . What did you say ? Don 't you ever say anything like that again . Ever . Ther e 's too many windows in the bedrooms . We don 't have enough boards . We 'll board up the bedroom doors . Wher e ar e we gonna sleep ? In the f amily room . What about Isabel ? We 'll tie her up in the garage after dinner . I 'll make some sandwiches . I want spaghetti . We 'll just eat f ast , Bo . Spaghetti sounds gr eat . What do you want , Morgan ? Anything ? Fr ench toast ... and mashed potatoes . Now we 'r e talking . How about you , Merrill ? Chicken teriyaki . Good choice . I 'm going to have a cheeseburger with bacon . Extra bacon . What 's the matter with everyone ? Eat . Maybe we should say a prayer . No . Why not ? We 'r e not saying a prayer . Bo has a bad f eeling . I had a dr eam . We ar en 't saying a prayer . Eat ! I hate you . That 's fine . You let Mom die . Morgan . I am not wasting one mor e minute of my lif e on prayer . Not one mor e minute . Understood ? Now we ar e going to enjoy this meal . No one can stop us f rom enjoying this meal , so enjoy it ! Stop crying ! - - Graham ... - - Don 't yell at her ! Alright , since you 'r e all not gonna eat . I 'm gonna try some of everything . It 's happening . Graham , hurry . Did I ever tell you what everyone said when you wer e born , Bo ? You came out of your mama , and you didn 't even cry . You just opened your eyes , and you looked around the room at everybody . Your eyes wer e so big and gorgeous . All the ladies in the room just gasped . I mean , they literally gasped . And they go , " Oh , she 's like an angel . " And they said , " We 've never seen a baby so beautif ul . " And then ... you know what happened ? They put you on the table to clean you up , and you looked up at me and you smiled . They say babies that young can 't smile . You smiled . Let 's go down now . We f orgot Isabel . Should we turn off the lights ? They air eady know we 'r e her e . Dad ... Do you know what happened when you wer e born , Morgan ? You came out , and your mama kept bleeding , so the doctors rushed you out of the room bef or e I even had time to see you . They 'r e on the roof . While they wer e fixing her up , all she kept asking about was you . They 'r e in the house . I wanted your mama to see you first because she had dr eamt about you her whole lif e . Then she got f eeling better , they brought you in , and they placed you in her arms , and she looked at you , and you looked at her , and you just star ed at each other f or the longest time . And then she said r eal soft , " Hello , Morgan . I 'm your mama . You look just how I dr eamt . " The attic door . Let 's go . Come on . We f orgot our f oil helmets . Have we got anything to wedge against the door knob ? They 'll r ead our minds . You 'r e scaring your sister . I 'm alr eady scar ed . Merrill . I 'm looking ! They 'll know our secr et thoughts . I 'm not r eady . Merrill ! Got it ! Dad ! Wher e 's Bo ? I 'm okay . What 's happening out ther e ? I can 't even imagine . I hope they 'r e doing better than we ar e . We don 't even have helmets . They 'r e only making noises . They 'r e not trying to get in . Why would they do that ? They want our attention on the door ? They 'r e distracting us . From what ? The book says they 'r e probably very good problem solvers . They 'll find a way in . Morgan , give me your flashlight . They used to pour coal down in this basement . Ther e 's a coal chute in her e . I can f eel air . Me too ! It 's getting stronger . I 'm close . What ? Hold him ! I got him ! Hold him ! I got him ! Hold him ! We don 't have his medicine . Don 't be af raid , Morgan . We 'll slow this down together . Feel my chest . Feel it moving in and out . Br eathe like me . Br eathe like me . Come on . I dr eamt this . Stay with me . I know it hurts . Be strong , baby . It 'll pass . It 'll pass . Don 't do this to me again . Not again . I hate you . I hate you . The f ear is f eeding him . Don 't be af raid of what 's happening . Believe it 's going to pass . Believe it . Just wait . Don 't be af raid . The air is coming . Believe . We don 't have to be af raid . It 's about to pass . Her e it comes . Don 't be af raid . Her e comes the air . Don 't be af raid , Morgan . Feel my chest . Br eathe with me . Together . The air is going in our lungs . Together . We 'r e the same . We 'r e the same . We should save the flashlights . Ray 's truck swerved off the road and hit Colleen and then a tr ee , and she was pinned between the two . What does that mean - - pinned ? The truck - - the truck has sever ed most of her lower half . What did you say ? She won 't be saved . Her body is pinned in such a way that it 's alive when it shouldn 't be alive , and the truck is holding her together . And she doesn 't f eel much , and she 's - - she 's talking almost like normal , and we didn 't pull the truck out 'cause we - - we wanted you to come down her e and be with her as long as she 's awake . And that won 't be very long . Now , Father , do you understand what I 've told you ? Caroline ... is this the last time I 'm gonna talk with my wif e ? Yes , it is . People think they came her e to take over the planet . That 's bull . I don 't think that . My f riend and I saw them . I f ound a pack of light bulbs . They poisoned his f amily . They dragged them away . Nobody believes it , but they didn 't come her e f or our planet . This is a raid . They came her e f or us , to harvest us . We 'r e lucky as hell they 'r e leaving her e . They 'r e leaving ? That 's what they 'r e saying . How long have we been sleeping ? 12 hours or so . He said they had poison gas ... they secr ete in small amounts . A lot of people died . But they 'r e leaving . They left r eal f ast this morning , like something scar ed them off . They left some of their wounded behind . Why ar e they going ? People must have figur ed out a way to beat them . Everyone has a weakness , right ? You didn 't think we 'd make it through the night , did you ? No . Listen ... ther e 's things I can take and a couple things I can 't . One of them I can 't take is when my older brother , who 's everything I want to be ... starts losing f aith in things . I saw your eyes last night . I don 't want to ever see your eyes like that again . Okay ? I 'm serious . Okay . He 's been like that f or a while . He needs his medicine . Have they said anything about our ar ea ? Philadelphia and its outlying counties ar e clear ed ... but who knows f or sur e ? He 's not strong enough . If he has another attack right now - - I know . We 'd have to be sur e bef or e we opened up that door , Graham . It 's good enough f or me . Me too . Get the syringes ' well . We may need to give him an epinephrine shot . The atmospher e her e is cautiously optimistic . - - They 'r e doing this on TV . - - People ar e celebrating . Ther e 's a gr eat sense of r elief . - - They 'r e dancing . - - Yeah , like this . As we begin evaluating the loss of lif e , - - Do you want to see it ? - - we will be left with a lot of questions . - - I 'll bring the TV in her e . - - I see the same expr ession on every f ace . We know the battle turned around in the Middle East . Thr ee small cities ther e f ound a primitive method to def eat them . We have no f urther details at this time . Merrill , wait . Hi , sweetie . Hi , baby . I was ... just taking a walk bef or e dinner . You love walks . It was meant to be . Does it hurt ? I don 't f eel much . Good . Tell Morgan ... to play games . It 's okay to be silly . I will . Tell Bo to listen to her brother . He 'll always take car e of her . I will . And tell Graham - - I 'm her e . Tell him ... see . Tell him to see . And tell Merrill to swing away . See , what you have to ask yourself is , what kind of person ar e you ? Ar e you the kind that sees signs , sees miracles ? Or do you believe that people just get lucky ? Is it possible ... ther e ar e no coincidences ? Swing away , Merrill . Merrill ... swing away . Ahhhhhhhhh ! Ahhhh ! That 's why he had asthma . It can 't be luck . His lungs wer e closed . His lungs wer e closed . No poison got in . No poison got in . His lungs wer e closed . His lungs wer e closed . Don 't touch him . Give him a minute . Graham ... Give him a second . D-Daddy ... Don 't touch him . Graham ... Don 't ... don 't . Dad ? What happened ? Did someone save me ? Yeah , baby , I think someone did .
