 Why potatoes ? Their first idea was to clone Naomi , but I suggested they start with something smaller . Quite a feat of engineering . It 's a Teirenian ant colony . I infused the soil with a blue ion dye , so it 'd be easier to see the insects . They 're luminescent . The drones produce a fluorescent enzyme that 's activated by the queen . Drones and queens ? I thought we were trying to get these children away from the Borg . The project was Mezoti 's idea . I didn 't want to discourage her individuality . I like bugs . Well done . Let me know before you take up beekeeping . What have we got here ? It 's Kataris . Your father 's planet . I 've been learning all about it . Naomi programmed the geophysical and atmospheric conditions . There 's quite a storm in those mountains . The Arpasian range is known for high winds and hail . I 'll remember to bring my coat . Now , this looks impressive . It 's a high-resolution gravimetric sensor array . Ambitious . It 'll augment our ability to scan for the neutrino flux associated with wormholes . It could help Voyager find a faster way home . The engineering principles are sound . I expected these projects to be interesting , but this is truly exceptional . Thank you , Captain . I am very interested in astrophysics . Well , you 've obviously got a knack for it . Well done . How did you think of scanning for neutrino fluctuations ? I 've been studying Starfleet records . He 's a remarkable young man . He hopes to earn a permanent posting in Astrometrics one day . I 'm afraid that won 't be possible . Captain , the boy has a unique talent . It 's not a question of merit . We 've made contact with his parents , and I 've set a course for their planet . My scanner is calibrated to pick up changes in neutrino trajectories . That 's good news . You 've exceeded your scheduled time here by one hour . I am almost finished . Your work will have to wait . There 's something we need to discuss . Look at this . It 's a star forming in the Orpisay nebula . The Orpisay nebula is out of range of our sensors . I increased the resolution of the long-range scanners . Impressive . When I was on the cube , I never thought about what was outside- - pulsars , quasars , nebulas- - but here in this lab , I feel like I can see the entire galaxy . What did you want to talk to me about ? You said there was something we needed to discuss . Yes . That 's correct . It 's time for you to regenerate . Come in . I 'd like the data you 've collected on lcheb 's species so I can prepare him for reassimilation . Maybe we could refer to it as " getting reacquainted with his family . " If you prefer . I 'll transfer the files to Astrometrics . Thank you . How 'd he take the news ? You haven 't told him . No . Why not ? It won 't be easy for him to accept . He 's adapted to life on Voyager . And you 've adapted to having him here . My feelings are irrelevant . Are they ? Would you like me to tell him ? It 's my responsibility ... but I am uncertain how to proceed . Well , you 've already helped him make one difficult transition . How did you do that ? By giving him the benefit of my own experiences , encouraging him to be resilient in the face of obstacles . Sounds like a good strategy . is your alcove malfunctioning ? I 'm calculating neutrino trajectories . You need to regenerate . Very well . Wait . We 've located your parents . Voyager is due to arrive at their planet tomorrow . Do I have to stay with them ? They 're your parents . I don 't remember them . After my parents were assimilated , I never saw them again . You 're fortunate to have this chance . What about the others ? We haven 't been able to locate their families yet . That 's not what I mean . What will happen to them if I leave ? They depend on me . They 'll adapt . I 'll never see you again ? I 've been studying Brunali culture . It 's very different from what you 've become accustomed to on Voyager . In what way ? They 're an agrarian society . Their technological resources are limited . Are they capable of space travel ? Yes , but most of their vessels were destroyed by the Borg . How will I continue my studies ? I don 't know . Icheb ... I 'm detecting scattered enclaves on the northern continent- - all with populations of fewer than 10,000 . Judging from the residual gamma radiation , it appears they 've suffered numerous Borg attacks over the past decade . That 's not surprising . There 's a Borg transwarp conduit less than a light-year away . Not exactly prime real estate . Tuvok , run continuous scans for Borg activity . Tom , put us into synchronous orbit . Yes , ma 'am . Seven , you 'd better get lcheb . According to these scans , you 're in perfect health . Then why does my stomach feel so strange ? Hmm . Oh , I should have known . You 've got butterflies in there . I never assimilated butterflies . It 's an expression used to describe anxiety or apprehension , both of which are perfectly natural reactions for someone about to meet his long-lost parents . If it 's any comfort , I 'm sure they 're just as nervous about meeting you . Parents are irrelevant . Really . Do you think Naomi 's mother is irrelevant to her ? I have Seven of Nine to assist me in my education . I have you to care for my medical needs . Your parents can nurture you in ways this crew can 't . They can explain the Brunali culture , share their experiences with you . You didn 't have parents . No , but ... You adapted to serve a vital function aboard this vessel , forged relationships with its crew- - all without the benefit of parents . I had my programming to fall back on . And how would your programming respond if you were asked to live with strangers ? Are you damaged ? He 's fine . I was just giving him a last-minute checkup . It 's time . The " butterflies " will go away . Hello . I 'm Captain Janeway . Icheb . You 've ... grown . He spent several months in a Borg maturation chamber . This is Seven of Nine . That 's a Borg designation , isn 't it ? Like your son , I was liberated from the collective . Seven has been instrumental in helping lcheb make his transition . Then we 're very grateful to you . I 'm Leucon , lcheb 's father . This is his mother , Yifay . How are you ? Fine . Do these hurt you ? No . We 're very happy to have you back with us . Mala , Remi , Yivel . Welcome home , lcheb . I would like to return to Voyager now . Thank you for coming . Where 's lcheb ? I thought it might be better if we talked ourselves first . What exactly is there to discuss ? How to make this transition easier for your son . Please , sit down . It won 't be easy for him to give up the luxuries of your ship . It 's more than a question of luxuries . Icheb has special medical needs . We have a physician in our settlement . We should arrange for him to consult with our Doctor . He also requires daily regeneration . I 'm sure you can adapt some of our technology to make that possible . What about his educational needs ? Our children go to school . Well he be able to continue his studies in astrometrics and spatial harmonics ? If lcheb has an aptitude for science , I 'm sure he 'll find that we have a great deal to teach him . For example ? We 've developed sophisticated techniques in agricultural genetics , which allow us to grow crops in an inhospitable environment . Icheb has expressed no interest in agriculture . I 'm sure , once he 's been exposed to the subject , he 'll find it quite challenging . There 's still the issue of his safety . We 're perfectly capable of protecting our son . Your proximity to a Borg conduit makes you extremely vulnerable . I 'm curious if you 've ever considered relocating . Seven . No . It 's all right , Captain . This planet is our home . We will never leave it . We will defend it against the Borg , or anyone else who threatens us . Your courage is admirable but unrealistic . Wait for me in my ready room . Captain ... Now . I apologize for her behavior . She and lcheb have grown very close , but that 's no excuse for rudeness . We 'd like to see our son now . Please be patient . If we rush things , your next encounter with him may not go any better than the last . Stay aboard Voyager for a while . It 'll give lcheb a chance to get to know you in an environment that 's familiar to him . I 'll have Neelix do everything he can to make you comfortable while you 're here . Your attitude is making a difficult situation worse . I was simply attempting to ensure lcheb 's well-being . By insulting his parents ? Those issues needed to be discussed . You could 've done it with a little more tact . Perhaps . But that doesn 't alter the fact that those individuals may not be suitable guardians . Those individuals are his mother and father . Which is no guarantee that they 'll be able to care for him . He 's far more likely to flourish if he remains on Voyager . That 's not an option , Seven . Are you ordering him off the ship ... That 's not what I said so that he can be assimilated again ? What makes you so sure that 's going to happen ? They shouldn 't remain on that planet . It 's their home . It 's not worth protecting . Who are you to decide that ? Anyone who values their own goals over the safety of their children is irresponsible . Are we talking about lcheb 's parents or yours ? Both . It 's not like you to admit to something like that . It would be naive for me to claim objectivity in this case , but I 'm not prepared to return lcheb to parents who may be as careless as my own . I know what it 's like to feel protective towards someone you 've helped through a difficult period . But lcheb is an individual now . You have to give him a chance to form his own opinions . If I do ... and he decides to remain on Voyager ... Then it 'll be my problem . is your mother pretty ? What are they like ? I 'm busy . I never met my father . I don 't remember ours . Neither do I . Are you going to stay with them ? If you leave , who is going to help us with our science projects ? If you don 't stop asking questions , I 'm going to put all of you in a cargo container and transport you back to the Borg . Come with me . Where ? To dinner with your parents . I 'm working . You can continue your work after the meal . I don 't have anything to talk about with them . Then it will be a very quiet evening . I 'm not going . Your attendance is not optional . Enjoy your meal . Come , sit down . I prefer to stand . Mr. Neelix let me use his galley to prepare some poma . I 'm not hungry . It was your favorite food when you were little . I 'm not little anymore . No . No , you 're not . Your mother worked hard on that meal . Couldn 't you at least try it ? Good . Isn 't it ? Nice to see the family back together again , isn 't it ? When you were little , you would only eat ... The Borg didn 't leave us much to work with , but we didn 't need much , just a little ingenuity . Everything you see , we built with our own hands- - our homes , cultivation bays ... What 's this ? A genetic resequencer . We use it to alter the DNA of certain plants to conform with environmental conditions . You built this as well . We adapted parts from damaged vessels . Nothing 's been wasted . Efficient . Efficiency 's one attribute we share with the Borg . In our case , it 's a necessity . I know our settlement seems primitive ... compared to Voyager , but I promise you , that will change . What about space travel ? Someday ... we 'll have ships that rival Voyager , but we need the dedication of young people like you to help us . Icheb ! How are you ? Well ! Thank you ! Maybe later you can join us up on the field for a game of pala ! I don 't remember how to play ! It will come back to you ! You used to be quite an athlete . You can make a difference here , lcheb . I don 't know anything about agriculture ... or genetics . It won 't take you long to learn , not with a mind like yours . It 's time to return to Voyager . I am staying here tonight . They don 't have a regeneration unit . We 're going to have to install one eventually . Might as well do it now . As far as I 'm aware , he hasn 't decided to remain here yet . But he has asked to stay tonight . Return with me to the ship . We 'll prepare a regeneration unit . I 've adapted this neural transceiver to interface with the portable regenerator . It has enough power to complete one full cycle . We 'll have to devise a way of recharging it . If lcheb decides to stay . My wife and I appreciate everything you 've done for our son . It 's obvious you care about him . He 's a unique individual . Yes , he is . To get him back is ... well ... a miracle . How was he taken ? Since the Borg first attacked us , we 've taken great pains to hide whatever new technology we develop . So that passing cubes won 't be attracted to your planet . Unfortunately , we haven 't always been successful . One morning , about four years ago ... lcheb heard me talking about a new fertilization array we 'd constructed in the lower field . He wanted to see it . I told him I 'd take him the next day . But he was impatient , the way boys can be . I never even realized he 'd wandered off when the alarm sounded . It turns out the Borg were just as interested in our new technology as Icheb was . They took him ... assimilated everyone in the area . Oh. lf only I 'd kept a closer eye on him . Icheb has a mind of his own . But still ... it 's hard not to blame myself . Your parents must 've felt the same way when they lost you . My parents were with me when the Borg attacked . I can 't imagine what that must 've been like for them , watching their daughter being assimilated ... helpless to defend her ? It 's important that lcheb regenerate for six uninterrupted hours . I understand . He may resist . He doesn 't like to waste time . I have had to contend with his lack of patience as well . Over there is a star called Kelsin lll , and to the west is the Orlitus Cluster . There , just above it , when you connect those six stars , they form what we call the Great Horn . I see it . You inherited your love of the stars from your father . Being on that starship , you learned much more about astronomy than I have . Our little window can 't compare to Voyager 's Astrometrics Lab . No . But it 's nice . You see ? We have everything we need right here- - a warm fire , good food that we grow ourselves , and people who love us . Icheb has people on Voyager who love him , too . You 've grown attached to the crew on that ship , haven 't you ? They 've provided for me , given me opportunities . They 're good people- - people who 've experienced hardship themselves . Seven of Nine told me about your science project . She said it might prove very useful . It 's designed to detect wormholes . How will that benefit them ? It may help them find a way back to Earth . Why is that so important to them ? It 's their home . Interesting , isn 't it ? What ? With all their technology , their opportunity to explore the galaxy , the thing they want most is to get home . Good morning . Did you regenerate successfully ? Yes , and I slept ... under the stars . You should try it . You weren 't in class this morning . The others missed you . I was helping my father . There is something we need to discuss . What is it ? You 've decided to stay with them . Yes . You 're certain ? This is my home . I have a responsibility to help them rebuild it . I 'll inform the Captain . Thank you . I 'm sure you 'll want to say good-bye to the other children . Inside , you 'll find padds containing data on a variety of subjects that will allow you to continue your studies . I 've also included a high-resolution telescope . It 's a poor substitute for astrometric sensors . I will use it every day . Good-bye , lcheb , and good luck . Thank you , Captain . I hope you find a way home . Warning . Regeneration cycle incomplete . What is it ? I can 't regenerate . Warning . Explain . Regeneration cycle incomplete . I miss lcheb . So do I ... but we 'll adapt . Now return to your alcove . If you find my parents , will I have to go with them ? We 'll discuss that when and if the time comes . I hope you don 't find them . Regenerate . Seven ? Yes ? What if the Borg try to assimilate lcheb again ? His people lack resources . The Borg have little reason to return to their planet . What if lcheb 's on a ship ? Unlikely . He was on a ship last time . You 're mistaken . He was on the surface when he was assimilated . No . He wasn 't . A class-1 transport was detected in Grid 649 ... one life-form ... species : Brunali . This better be important . It is . Sorry , I don 't read Borg . You 'll have to translate . This is tactical data from the cube where we found the children . It says that lcheb was alone aboard an unarmed transport vessel when the Borg took him . Oh , why are you telling me this at 0300 hours ? Icheb 's father told me the boy was assimilated on the planet 's surface . is it possible you misunderstood ? No . He was very specific . That cube was disabled by a deadly pathogen . It suffered extensive damage . Isn 't it possible these records were corrupted ? Perhaps , but I found another inconsistency in Leucon 's story . He told me lcheb was assimilated four years ago , but further analysis indicates the Borg attacked three times during the last decade- - nine years ago , six years ago and again last year . All right . Let 's assume your information is accurate . What does it prove ? His father was lying . Why would he do that ? I 'm not certain , but we have an obligation to find out . What are you proposing ? That we return to the planet , demand an explanation . Those people have been through enough . Do we really need to interrogate them ? We have a responsibility to ensure lcheb 's safety . He chose to stay with his parents . Maybe he didn 't have all the information . Just because they weren 't completely candid with you doesn 't mean they 're unfit parents . At some point ... you have to let go . I know what you 're thinking- - that I 'm having emotional difficulty accepting my separation from lcheb . And you 're correct , but if there 's a possibility he 's in danger , even a remote one , I have to do whatever I can to protect him . If I don 't , I 'll be no better than my own parents . Couldn 't we at least wait a few days ? What would that accomplish ? He 's just getting settled . The longer we wait , the harder it 'll be for everyone . You know that . Why do it at all ? There 's nothing compelling us to go through with it . It 's what he was born for . Hasn 't he been through enough ? Why not give him a chance at an ordinary life ? He 's not an ordinary child . No , but he can help us in other ways . He 's bright . He-he 's hardworking ... Leucon ... his return was a gift . We can 't waste it . I don 't want to lose him a second time . To survive , we all have to make sacrifices . You taught me that . We won three games in a row . Sit down , lcheb . We need to talk . You know that you 're very important to us . Yes . What you don 't know is why . What do you mean ? What is that ? If you relax , it won 't hurt you . Father ... You 'd better hold him . What are you doing to me ? No ! Prepare the launch . Hail them . We didn 't expect to see you again , Captain . We 'd like to ask you a few questions , if you don 't mind . Questions ? Regarding lcheb and the circumstances of his assimilation . We 've already discussed that . The story you told me was inconsistent with our data . We don 't owe you any explanations . In that case , I 'd like to talk to Icheb . He 's not here . Where is he ? That 's not your concern . Scan for his bio-signs . He is not in the settlement . I 'm detecting a Brunali transport vessel . Distance : nine million kilometers . It 's heading for the coordinates of the transwarp conduit . According to these readings , that ship is traveling at warp 9.8 . It only looks that way . It 's been designed to emit a false warp signature- - strong enough to penetrate subspace . They 're using it as bait to attract the Borg . Icheb 's on that vessel , isn 't he ? He 's fighting for his people . Alone , on an unarmed transport . We don 't have particle weapons or powerful starships at our disposal . We 're forced to use the only resource we have . Your children ? No . Our genetic expertise . Icheb 's not bait . He 's a weapon . The first cube that captured him was infected by a pathogen . Icheb was the carrier , wasn 't he ? Every time we try to rebuild , begin to make progress , the Borg come and take it away from us . Tom , set a course for that transport vessel , full impulse . Aye , Captain . You have no right to interfere . We 're trying to save our civilization . By taking away lcheb 's future . If we don 't stop the Borg , the Brunali have no future . Captain , a Borg ship will emerge from that conduit at any moment . You 'll be destroyed . We 'll take our chances . End transmission . Red Alert . Battle stations . We 're coming within range , Captain . I 'm picking up lcheb 's life-signs . Bio-scans indicate he 's unconscious . Transport him to Sick Bay . I can 't . There 's some kind of interference . It 's the conduit . By my estimate , a Borg vessel will emerge in less than 40 seconds . Transfer auxiliary power to the transporters . I still can 't establish a lock , not at this distance . 30 seconds . Tom , get us closer to that ship . Yes , ma 'am . The conduit 's opening . 20 seconds . Seven ? Still out of range . You heard her , Tom . When that Borg ship comes through , I 'm going to have a hell of a time getting away from it . One problem at a time . Ten seconds ... nine ... eight ... I 've got a lock . Transport in progress . - ... five ... four ... - He 's in Sick Bay . Get us out of here , maximum ... Target their tractor beam generator . Phasers targeted . Fire . No effect . We are the Borg . You will be assimilated . Resistance is futile . Perhaps not . There is a way to get a weapon through their shields . I 'm listening . Transport a photon torpedo to the Brunali vessel . Set it to detonate as soon as it 's inside the sphere . That will occur in approximately 20 seconds . However , Voyager will be inside less than three seconds later . Tom , full reverse thrusters . It might buy us a couple more seconds . Do it . Transport complete . Detonation in ten , nine five ... four ... Tom , go to warp on my mark . Three , two ... All hands , brace for impact . Now , Mr. Paris ! The Borg vessel has taken heavy damage . They are not pursuing . Are you saying his parents reinfected him ? No . They merely sedated him . I don 't understand . He was genetically engineered to produce the pathogen ... from birth . Bred to kill Borg . is he in danger ? I can suppress the pathogen . He 'll be fine ... physically . He 's going to need help coming to terms with what 's happened . Captain , I ... Use your maternal instincts . They worked before . I thought you were studying spatial harmonics . My parents suggested I might have an aptitude for genetics as well . I see . What have you learned ? This is the genome of a typical Brunali male ... and this is my DNA . They 're nearly identical , but do you notice the differences in the third , 13th and 17th chromosomes ? Yes . My parents made microgenetic alterations so I would produce the pathogen . Quite ingenious . It 's also barbaric . They were trying to defend themselves ... their way of life ... preserve their species . I know how difficult it is to acknowledge your parents ' faults , but what they did was wrong . You don 't have to forgive them . Do you think they will ever forgive me ? For what ? I could have destroyed that sphere . I failed them . You would have been reassimilated . I know , but ... But what ? Maybe it was my destiny . Maybe . In the future , you may choose to fight the Borg , but you 'll do it in your own way . You 're an individual , and you have the right to determine your own destiny . It 's time to regenerate . And if I prefer to continue studying ? It 's your decision .
