 Though it was a blatant violation of the Prime Directive , Kirk saved the Pelosians from extinction , just as he had the Baezians and the Chenari , many years earlier . Finally , in the year 2270 , Kirk completed his historic five-year mission , and one of the greatest chapters in Starfleet history came to a close . A new chapter began when Kirk regained command of the Enterprise . How many more chapters are there ? Thirty-four . This was supposed to be a 20-minute presentation . I was trying to be thorough . I-I could shorten the report . That won 't be necessary . You obviously know the subject matter . Congratulations , Cadet . You have just passed Early Starfleet History . Thank you , Captain . I would 've failed him . Kirk may have been a lowly human , but at least he had pizzazz . That report made him sound about as exciting as a Vulcan funeral dirge . Janeway to Security . Don 't bother . I trapped your crew in a temporal loop . They keep experiencing the last 30 seconds over and over . Almost as monotonous as drone boy 's essay . Who are you ? I know he 's grown since you last saw him , Kathy , but don 't tell me you can 't see the family resemblance . This is my son ... Q. I 'm a little hurt you didn 't recognize Junior . You are his godmother , after all . The last time I saw him , he was an infant . Four years ago in human time . You called me " adorable . " You remember ? I may have looked like an infant , but I was still a Q. Maybe you should 've picked a better godparent . I wonder if it 's too late to ask Jean-Luc . What do you want , Q ? Oh , Junior 's taking a little vacation from the Continuum . I recommended he spend it with you . Why ? Oh , he 's always been fascinated by the old man 's stories about humanity . I thought it was time he has some firsthand experience . I am flattered that you would entrust me with your firstborn , but I really don 't have time . He 's as quiet as a Z yznian church mouse . You 'll forget he 's even here . Well , if you 're going to stay , we 'll need to lay down a few ground rules . I make my own rules . I 'm not detecting either Q. I want to be alerted if they resurface . Keep running scans . Scan , scan , scan . That 's all you people ever do . I 've been through every deck on this ship , and do you know what I 've seen ? Bipeds pushing buttons , bipeds replacing relays , bipeds running diagnostics . When are you going to do something interesting ? Say hello to Q , everyone . We could fly into fluidic space and fight species 8472 ... or we could detonate a few Omega molecules . What do you say ? No . 20 minutes observing humanity . I 'm already bored . I guess I 'm just going to have to amuse myself . Torres to the Captain . I need you in Engineering . Once dance , B 'Elanna ! That 's all I ask- - one dance . If he doesn 't stop his little light show , the warp core 's going to breach . Relax . It 's a party . This party is over . Get your ... guests off my ship . I like you , Aunt Kathy . You 've got gumption , but what you don 't have is unlimited control of space , matter and time , which means I give the orders around here . I could assemble a security team and attempt to take Engineering by force . We all know that wouldn 't do any good . Besides , I 'll bet that 's exactly the kind of reaction he 's hoping for . He 's doing everything he can to get under our skin . If we deny him the satisfaction of a response , he may become bored and return to the Continuum . Talk about perfection . If you 're attempting to embarrass me , you won 't succeed . I 'm just observing humanity . Aren 't you going to scamper away , make some futile attempt to cover yourself ? Coffee , black . Make it yourself . You can thank Q 's son . He thought the computer needed more personality . Charming . I 've been giving some thought to the Q situation . Maybe ignoring him isn 't the best solution . I 'm open to suggestions . He may be omnipotent , but he 's still a young man in need of guidance . Perhaps if someone were to approach him as a friend . You think he needs a mentor . Exactly . Are you volunteering ? Well , I am good with children . Q is no ordinary child . I 'm no ordinary mentor . Can I help you , Kitchen Rat ? I thought you and I could spend some time together . Ha ! Excellent maneuver . What are you watching ? What 's it look like ? It 's a battle between the Vojeans and the Wyngari . We passed through that region a few months ago . They were at peace . Not anymore . Watch this . You have to stop this . It 's not like there 's anything else to do . We could play Kadis-Kot . Are there explosions in Kadis-Kot ? Well , no ... Well , then I 'm not interested . Instead of hurting people , maybe you could help them . The Wyngari are suffering a food shortage on their world . Maybe you could use your powers to ... You know what , Talaxian ? You talk too much . His jaw 's been fused and his vocal cords removed . I might be able to undo some of the cosmetic damage , but only Q can restore his voice . Janeway to the Bridge . Report . I 've got a surprise for you , Captain . Come see . Q said I should pay attention to how you humans act under pressure . Is this enough pressure ? We 're venting plasma . Reroute power to aft shields and return fire . You 're just prolonging the inevitable . We 've defeated the Borg before . We 'll do it again . Not this time . Weapons are off-line . I 'm losing thrusters . Shields are down . We were just getting to the good part . If the Continuum 's told you once , they 've told you a thousand times : Don 't provoke the Borg ! Now ... I want you to give Aunt Kathy your word , you won 't do it again . Oh , he won 't do it again , because he 's leaving now . Excuse us , son . The grownups need a moment in private . He isn 't so bad , once you get to know him . He 's just misunderstood . He tried to kill my crew . No one was hurt . I-I repaired the damage to your ship . I even gave your pet Talaxian his vocal cords back . Everything 's exactly as it was . And how long do you think it will take your ... son to come up with another way to amuse himself ? Oh ... If you knew he was dangerous , why did you send him here ? Ah , is this another lesson for humanity ? It 's supposed to be a lesson for him . Think back to my last visit . I made you the offer of a lifetime . Asking me to mate with you was hardly the offer of a lifetime . If you hadn 't turned me down , I wouldn 't have been forced to mate - with that other Q. - Oh , get to the point . My point is , Junior was supposed to inspire peace and compassion , but instead of order , he 's brought chaos . He 's been starting wars among innocent species , tampering with primordial gene pools , punching holes in the fabric of space-time . Where 's his mother been during all this ? She 's been so humiliated by his antics , she 's disowned him , and she 's blamed me for everything . I 've managed to undo most of the damage , but that wasn 't good enough for the Continuum . They 're hounding me to straighten the boy out . That 's why I brought him here , in hopes that your vaunted Starfleet ideals would rub off on him . Obviously , that hasn 't happened . You can 't just dump your child on someone and hope he learns something . I can 't ? He needs to be parented . And how exactly am I supposed to do that ? Q is the first child born in the Continuum , which makes me the first parent . I don 't even know where to begin . You could start by spending time with him . Parenthood is more than just cleaning up your child 's messes . You need to set an example . It 's the only way he 'll learn . Of course . Once he begins to know me better , he 'll idolize me . Then he 'll do anything I say . Kathy . You 're a genius . I 've made a full sensor sweep . There 's no sign of any more Borg vessels . The boy ? He 's gone . I am going to my quarters . You have the Bridge . I take it back- - you 're not a genius . Mm . I should 've known better than to take the advice of a human . Q ! Your brilliant plan didn 't work . I smothered the boy with attention , spent every waking moment with him , but things only got worse . You 've been gone for less than ten minutes . On your temporal plane , maybe , but in Q time , we 've spent years together . Now he 's embarrassed to be seen with me , and it 's all your fault . My fault ? Tell me how you plan to rectify the situation . What happened after you left Voyager ? . Well , Q got away from me and rearranged the tectonic plates on Bozel Prime . Did you punish him ? Well , I tried to get him to apologize to all 16 billion Bozelians , but he got angry and stopped talking to me . So you gave in to him . I told him he could shift as many continents as he liked , as long as no one got hurt . You 're not going to do your son any favors by indulging him . You need to make him understand that there are consequences to his actions . Consequences ? Hmm . Kathy , I take it back . You are a genius . I think that 's long enough . What was that for ? What 's wrong- - you didn 't enjoy life as an Oprelian amoeba ? No . I was shapeless and slimy . The only thing to eat was paramecia . Sounds unpleasant . I 'm sure you 'll do whatever you can to avoid returning to that petri dish . What are you talking about ? The Continuum and I have come to an agreement about your future . Either you become an upstanding citizen of the cosmos , or you 'll be sentenced to eternity as an amoeba . How 's that for consequences ? You 'd turn your own son into a microscopic life-form ? You have one week to change your ways . I suggest you make the most of it . Fine . I 'll see you in seven days . We 've temporarily relieved you of your powers , to ensure that you 're on your best behavior with the Captain . You 're leaving me here ? I thought we agreed that you were going to take a more active role . I 'd like to , Kathy , but we both know that you 're a million times the parent I am . I 'm not a parent . Well , maybe not in a biological sense , but you 're certainly a mommy to this crew . Just look how quickly you housebroke that Borg drone . It 's taken years ... for Seven to become an individual . You 're asking me to change your son in one week ? I 'm sure you 'll think of something . What if she doesn 't ? Then it 's single-cellular city for you , my boy . I 'm getting off this ship . Janeway to Security . What you no longer have , Q , is unlimited control of space , matter and time , which means I give the orders around here . Do I make myself clear ? Your quarters . The petri dish was less cramped . Get some sleep- - you 're going to need it . What for ? I 'm preparing a curriculum for you to follow while you 're here . You 're going to learn respect and responsibility . Don 't tell me you 're actually going through with Q 's plan . I may not approve of his methods , but , for once , his heart seems to be in the right place . I think his desire to help you is genuine . He abandoned me on an antiquated flying machine run by primates . We primates are your only hope . Seven days ? How hard could it be ? Seven of Nine will be instructing you in spatial causality . You will learn how your actions can have widespread repercussions . I read the padd . You 're going to tell me how I can 't create anomaly A without causing phenomenon B , which , in turn , affects civilization C , right ? I 'm ... Icheb . Oh , I know who you are . You 're the drone with the Kirk fixation . You would be wise to follow lcheb 's example . By applying himself , he 's become a valued member of this crew . Can I see you naked again ? Computer , run Diplomacy Scenario 12-Alpha . The planetoid is in Nausicaan space . It belongs to us now . After you . Come anywhere near it , and we 'll attack you . You can 't intimidate us . We 've as much right to mine that dilithium as you do ! What are you doing here , Starfleet ? Computer , freeze program . I assume you 're familiar with these species . Nausicaan , Bolian , Cardassian , Romulan , Ferengi , and Bajoran . They 're fighting over the mining rights to a planetoid . Your job is to settle the dispute . These aliens mean nothing to me . What do I care if they can 't get along ? One of your responsibilities as a Q is to maintain order in the universe , right ? So I 've been told . Well , if you can 't help these races come to an agreement , there might be a war . The Alpha Quadrant would be thrown into chaos . Why don 't we try running the first scenario together ? I don 't need your help . I can do this myself . If you want to try ... be my guest . I 'll be back in 30 minutes to check on your progress . And ... remember- - Security is right outside . Computer , resume program . The planetoid is in Nausicaan space . It belongs to us now . You can 't intimidate us . We have as much right to mine that dilithium as you do . Aren 't you supposed to be supervising our young guest ? He says he doesn 't need supervision . And you accepted that ? Of course not . I 'm just giving him the chance to fail . Then he 'll have to ask for some help . Sounds like a good strategy . Let me know how it goes . Settling the planetoid predicament didn 't take very long , so I used the rest of the time to convince the Cardassian to apologize for the occupation of Bajor . How 's that for order in the universe ? Welcome . It 's so nice to see you this evening . I hope you 're hungry . Step right up . There 's plenty for everyone . Enjoy ! Do you ever stop ? Oh , I 'm sorry . I forgot . My talking annoys you . Too bad you can 't just shut me up again , huh ? Crewman Biddle , where have you been hiding yourself ? I haven 't seen you in days ! If it isn 't drone boy . You come to put me to sleep with another one of your presentations ? Actually , I was wondering if you 'd like to participate in some recreational activities . I don 't have the time . Aunt Kathy 's forcing me to write an historical essay on the Q Continuum . That 's a challenging subject . I 've never written an essay before . I don 't know where to start . The origin of the Q seems like the most logical place , followed by an analysis of their interaction with humanity . You could conclude with a description of the events that led you to Voyager . Would you mind writing some of this down for me ? I 'll get a padd . Insightful , informative . I 'm impressed . Too bad you didn 't write it . What do you mean ? I 'd recognize lcheb 's style anywhere . He gave me a few notes on my first draft , that 's all . I negotiated a peace treaty between six belligerent species in just 13 minutes . When Commander Chakotay left the room , you altered their personality subroutines to make them more agreeable . We may be common bipeds , but we 're not stupid . Your training is over . Go back to your room and wait for your father to return . If you don 't help me , the Continuum will turn me into an amoeba . I wanted to help you , but instead of trying to live up to your potential , you cheated . Do you think it 's easy to live up to my potential ? I was supposed to be the savior of the Q Continuum . Tell me , how do you save a race that 's already omnipotent ? Those were the Qs ' expectations , not mine . All I asked was that you make a sincere effort , but you weren 't even willing to try . Please , Aunt Kathy ... you 're my only hope . Well , I 'm glad you finally realize that . Now , if your motives are sincere , I 'm willing to give you another chance . But step out of line again , and I 'm through with you , understood ? Understood . Dismissed ! Captain 's Log , Stardate 54704.5 . It 's been four days since my ultimatum to the young Q , and he appears to be making progress . His instructors inform me that he 's taking on his assignments with new determination , and he 's made a concerted effort to be more courteous to the crew . It 's hard to believe this is the same brazen young man that came aboard a few days ago . Captain ? This is for you . It 's a new draft of my essay . I know you didn 't ask for one , but I felt I owed it to you for giving me a second chance . " I , Q : An Insider 's View of the Continuum . " If the essay is half as clever as the title , I 'm sure I 'll enjoy it . Lieutenant Paris has offered to give me a piloting lesson . I thought you might like to join us . Oh , thanks , but I have to help Crewman Chell scrub the plasma conduits . I think you 've earned a break . This is the only time off I 'm giving you . I suggest you take advantage of it . Yes , ma 'am . Piloting lesson , huh ? Where are we going ? Steady ... Ease up a little on the thrusters . In case you forgot , I 'm mortal now . I 'd appreciate it if you didn 't fly us into a rock . Maybe Q could take over for a little while . What do you say ? You want a turn at the wheel ? Ordinarily , a Q wouldn 't demean himself by operating primitive machinery , but these aren 't ordinary circumstances . Uh , did I do something wrong ? Just a little ion imbalance in the impulse drive . Nothing to worry about . Well , it 's very distracting . Can 't you fix it ? Well , I could , but we 'd have to go back to Voyager and run diagnostics . If you two don 't mind cutting your lesson a little short . That won 't be necessary . In fact , I barely hear it anymore . Do you hear it ? Hear what ? Going up ? I 'll catch the next one . Hmm . Oh , you can 't get away from me that easily . It 's only been five days . Why are you back ? Oh , I thought I 'd just pop in and check on Junior . I 'm not an entirely uninvolved father , you know . Well , he got off to a pretty shaky start , but he 's made some progress since then . Really ! He 's been working extremely hard . We 're talking about the same Q ? If you don 't believe me , maybe you should see for yourself . The Continuum has been perceived in a variety of ways- - a dreary desert road , a blood-soaked battleground- - but with the help of Voyager 's crew , I 've begun to perceive it in another context- - a home . I look forward to the day when I return there and make that perception a reality . Well ? Huh ? What did you think ? Oh , it 's very nice . Nice ? Yes , I especially liked the part about the Continuum . The entire essay was about the Continuum . Yes , and it 's very nice . I 'm late for my temporal mechanics lesson . Q ... Well , if there 's nothing else , I 'll be on my way . He worked so hard on that paper . The least you could have done was tell him you were proud of him . But I 'm not . And frankly , it 's a little hard to be impressed with any of the boy 's accomplishments . He 's been here for five days , and what have you taught him ? How to scribble essays and play with holograms . What 's next , basket weaving ? Whether you 're willing to admit it or not , your son has made progress here . He has the potential to be a better Q than you will ever be . Potential isn 't going to be enough for the Continuum . Then what will be enough ? The boy needs to demonstrate nothing less than ... exemplary Q-ness . And what exactly is Q-ness ? Oh , it 's impossible for your minuscule mind to comprehend , but I know Q-ness when I see it , and this ... is not it . Come in . I wanted to see how you were . I 'm perfectly fine . Why wouldn 't I be ? I thought you might be upset by Q 's reaction to your essay . He 's impossible to please . I don 't care what he thinks . We have two days left . Let 's make the most of them . Aunt Kathy ... do you think the Continuum will be any more impressed with me than Q was ? That 's what I thought . If the Continuum decides they won 't take you back , I 'll ask them to let you stay here . I don 't think they care where an amoeba spends eternity . That 's not what I meant . I 'll ask them to let you remain human . I appreciate that ... but I don 't want to be human . I want to be a Q ... like my father . Itchy ! Are you in here ? Itchy ? What can I do for you , Q-Ball ? I need your help . Remember that ion imbalance Lieutenant Paris mentioned during our lesson ? We 're going to repair it for him . Did you get permission ? Well , that would ruin the surprise . The surprise ? ! The Captain 's been encouraging me to take more initiative . I want to show her I can do things for others without being asked . I 'll help you , on one condition . Name it . You won 't refer to me as " Itchy " in front of the senior officers . I 've realigned the last pair of power couplings . You can start the preignition sequence . Understood . I 'm not detecting any ion fluctuations . We did it . You can power down the engine now . Q ? What are you doing ? You 're gonna love this . I once learned how to open a spatial flexure , using nothing more than a deflector array . " Flexure " ? It 's like a tunnel through space . I 'm going to open one to the Clevari system . Just wait till you see the females . They 're spectacular . We need the Captain 's permission to leave Voyager . Do you think she 'd give it to us ? No . Then there 's no point in asking . You 've been doing so well . Why break the rules now ? I 'm bored . Icheb to Security . They can 't hear you . I 've dampened all outgoing communications . Just sit back , Itchy . Enjoy the ride . What 's the real reason you 're doing this ? I 'm getting out of here before my father can put me back in that petri dish . The Q are omnipotent . They 'll find you . I may not have my powers anymore , but I know plenty of cosmic nooks and crannies we can hide in . Voyager has locked onto us with a tractor beam . They 're so predictable . They 're opening some sort of spatial rift off their port bow . It 's disrupting the tractor beam . Compensate . They 're gone . Welcome to the Clevari system . What would you like to do first ? Take a dip with the mermaids of Golos Prime ? Challenge the warrior goddess of Fekdar to a grappling contest ? What I want is to return to Voyager . Forget that dreary ship , with its rules and regulations . We can do anything we want here . Go back to Voyager . Apologize to the Captain . She 'll help you . It 's too late . She said one more violation , I 'll be thrown off her ship . I 'm pretty sure this qualifies . What 's wrong ? There 's a vessel approaching . You 're trespassing in Chokuzan space . We were just leaving . Our laws require that you be incarcerated , pending an investigation . How long will that take ? Disengage your engines and prepare to be boarded . We should do as he says . Why , just because he has a bigger ship ? Because Captain Janeway has taught us to respect the laws of other cultures . I should have known better than to bring you along . You 're going to get us killed ! Did you expect me to surrender ? He might have locked us up for years . You don 't know that . There 's no time for a debate . I need you at Tactical . Shields are down to 30 percent . Sixteen percent . I 'm opening another flexure ! We 'll go to the Zozek system . The girls aren 't as attractive , but we have to make some compromises . Icheb ! I 'm detecting another rift forming ... approximately 5,000 kilometers directly ahead . A vessel is emerging . It 's the Flyer . They 're hailing . - On screen . - Aunt Kathy ... Don 't you " Aunt Kathy " me . Yell at me later . We need to get lcheb to Sick Bay . His cells are being necrotized by some form of omicron radiation , but I can 't treat his injuries without knowing more about the weapon that caused them . Is this a bad time ? Tell him . Icheb stole a shuttle from Voyager . I tried to stop him , but he kidnapped me , and he started a fight with another ship . He stole the shuttle , and he attacked the other vessel . Is that true , son ? Please , Q , just save him . Don 't be absurd . You 're not going to help him ? Like Aunt Kathy said , you 're never going to learn anything if you don 't face the consequences of your actions . If your little playmate has to die to teach you a lesson , so be it . I know you can hear me , Q. Come back ! Q ! You 're wasting your time . He 's the only one who can save lcheb . No , he isn 't . You 're going back to that ship you attacked . You 're going to apologize for what you did , and you 're going to plead with them for the information we need to save lcheb . Look at what they did to him . If I go back , they 'll do the same to me . What do you care ? By this time tomorrow , you 'll be an amoeba . Well , I 'd rather be an amoeba than a corpse ! That would be easier , wouldn 't it ? No expectations to live up to . No one to disappoint . I 'm a failure as a Q and a human . If I 'm a single-celled organism , at least I can 't hurt anybody . Why did you come back here ? To escape the Chokuzan . You could 've used your technology to take you anywhere , but you came back here to us . Why ? I probably hit the wrong control . Icheb is the only friend I 've ever had . I brought him back here , because I thought you could save him . Obviously , I was mistaken . The only mistake you made was running away . You have a chance to do the right thing now . Don 't waste it . The attack on your vessel was entirely my fault . Icheb had nothing to do with it , but he 's the one who 's dying . I-I take full responsibility for what happened . I 'll do anything you ask . Just help my friend . My crew and I will repair any damage he did to your ship . Are you the adult responsible for this child ? I suppose I am . We 'll accept his apology and give you the information you need to save his accomplice , but you will be punished for their crime . She didn 't have anything to do with it . In our culture , adults are accountable for the actions of their children . I attacked your ship . I should be punished for it , not her . You don 't even know what the punishment is . It might be torture , or even execution . I don 't care , if it means saving my friend . Well done , Junior . I 'm proud of you . Surprise ! I wish you could see the look on your faces . Oh , wait . You can . We don 't have time for your games . We need to find the real people I attacked . You just did . I was the Chokuzan you fired on . What kind of horrible joke ... ? Not a joke . A test . I knew the pathetic little exercises you had him performing would not impress the Continuum . So , when he escaped your clutches , I devised a real test . It was touch and go there for a moment , but you passed with flying colors . What about lcheb ? Your Doctor will discover he 's made a miraculous recovery . Now then , if we 're all finished here , it 's Judgment Day for Junior . We 're ready , Your Honor . In the case of The Continuum vs. Q , we , the Continuum , have found that Q has not made sufficient progress to warrant the reinstatement of his powers . Objection . What about my test ? What about it ? Q was willing to sacrifice himself to save his friend . Surely that counts for something . It was Q who endangered the boy 's life in the first place . However , in deference to the aforementioned act of contrition , the defendant will not be transformed into an Oprelian amoeba . Oh , good . Instead ... he will suffer the next worst fate- - remaining human . Court is adjourned . This is an outrage ! They can 't do this to me ! Come in . Do you have a moment ? A few days ago , you offered to let me remain on Voyager . I know I 've made a few mistakes since then , and you probably don 't want me around , but if it 's all right with you ... I 'd like to continue my training . But you have nothing left to prove to the Continuum . But there 's a lot I still need to prove to you . What about your father ? You don 't honestly believe we 'll see him again , do you ? He obviously doesn 't want me around . Why else would he have left me here ... twice ? The question you should be asking is why I keep coming back . Now , I 'm sorry I left so abruptly , but the Continuum 's verdict demanded an immediate appeal . I told them I refuse to belong to any Continuum that wouldn 't accept my son as a member . We 're a package deal . You left the Continuum for me ? Oh , don 't be ridiculous . I 'm the only one holding that place together . And when they realized they might lose me , they crumbled like a Gelbian sand sculpture . They 're going to return my powers ? They already have . For you , Captain , for all your help . Thank you . Now that you 're a Q again , I thought we might spend some quality time together . I want to show you the cosmos the way it was meant to be seen . We 've tried that already . Things will be different this time . I promise . Now run along . I 'll meet you on Golos Prime . After I 've had a few moments alone with the Captain . I 'll see you soon , Aunt Kathy . I certainly hope so . So , the Continuum " crumbled like a Gelbian sand sculpture . " Yes . Some of them even got on their knees and begged me to stay . It was pathetic . If you must know , I had to agree to a few minor conditions . Oh ? Such as ? Eternal custody of the boy . Wherever the little brat goes , I go with him . I hope he won 't spoil too much of your fun . Oh , before I leave , I did a little homework for you . Consider it a thank you for everything you did for Junior . Not that I don 't appreciate it , but this will only take a few years off our journey . Why not send us all the way ? What sort of an example would I be setting for my son if I did all the work for you ?
