 We , the people of Earth , greet you in a spirit of peace and humility . As we venture out of our solar system , we hope to earn the trust and friendship of other worlds . Can you reduce the interference ? I 'm trying . What is it ? I don 't know . Distance ? It just entered the atmosphere . They evolved from dinosaurs ? Hadrosaurs , to be precise . Their ancestors settled in the Delta Quadrant 20 million years ago . The Voth , the Kobali , the Vaadwaur . You 've made first contact with more species than any captain since James Kirk . It helps being the only Starfleet ship within 30,000 light-years . You are being too humble . From the first time you spoke up in my classroom , I knew you 'd go far . A little farther than I expected , Professor . I have my Admiral hat on today , Kathryn , and I didn 't call just to catch up . Starfleet has a mission for you . We , the people of Earth greet you in a spirit of peace and humility . As we venture out of our solar system , we hope to earn the trust and friendship of other worlds . Friendship I. I had to memorize that recording in third grade . Me , too . I even built a model of the probe . Then this should look familiar . It was launched in 2067 . Just four years after Zefram Cochrane tested his first warp engine . What was it designed to do ? Reach out to other species . Pave the way for all the manned missions that would follow . They packed it with information- - translation matrices , scientific and culture databases . Computer chip designs , instructions for building transceivers . It 's practically a how-to manual . If the Borg had intercepted this probe , humanity would have been assimilated centuries ago . Our ancestors had no idea what was out here . This must have been before your Prime Directive . It was before Starfleet existed . In any case , we lost contact with the probe 130 years ago . But its last-known coordinates ... Let me guess . We 're in the neighborhood . Starfleet 's mapped out a search grid . It 'll take us a little off course , but if the probe is still intact , and we 're lucky enough to find it , we 'll be retrieving a little piece of history . Captain 's Log , Stardate 5477 5.4 . We 've been searching for five days without any sign of the probe , but we 're not about to disappoint Starfleet on our first official assignment in seven years . Nothing in Grid 295 . Mr. Paris . Moving on . We should try skipping ahead a little to Grid 310 . I stayed up all night re-extrapolating the probe 's trajectory . I 've compensated for solar winds , ionic interference , and a few local anomalies Starfleet wouldn 't know about . Alter course to Grid 310 . Trying to impress the Starfleet brass ? Just doing my job . I 'm detecting a titanium signature that matches the probe 's parameters . Location ? A planet two light-years away . Confirmed . Good job , Harry . The readings are coming from the northern subcontinent . Can you localize them ? There are high levels of antimatter radiation in the atmosphere , scattering the probe 's signature . Any life signs ? None . Assemble an away team and take the Flyer down for a closer look . You seem to be in a good mood , Doctor . Just excited to be doing my part for our first official mission , Mr. Carey . An inoculation a day keeps the radiation away . I took a look at those atmospheric readings . Thermal eddies , gravimetric shear . You 're going to need your best pilot . Are you volunteering ? Well , if the Doc can spare me . I 'll muddle through . If you 're here for your fetal resonance scan , you 're a day early . I 'm here for my inoculation . You are not going on this mission . Chakotay said he needed an engineer . He 's already got one . Now he 's got two . Will you excuse us ? Any bets on this one ? My money 's on B 'Elanna . It 's been months since I 've been on an away mission . Then try the holodeck . The Flyer is full . You can make room . Neelix doesn 't have to go . He 's not six months pregnant . Being pregnant doesn 't make me an invalid . No , it doesn 't , but there 's a toxic atmosphere down there , and you 're breathing for two . All right , you win . But if we have another baby , you carry it , and I 'll go on the away missions . It 's a deal . Sorry for the bumpy ride . We 'll be clearing the stratosphere in about a minute . I had a cousin who used to transport disulfides from a gas giant . He claimed to love the turbulence . Of course , disulfides are known to cause delusions . Hang on . I thought it was uninhabited . There 's nothing alive down there now . Radiation levels are at 6,000 isorems . I 've localized the signature to a three-kilometer radius . Transfer the coordinates to the helm . When we find the probe , we 'll beam it to the cargo hold . That may not be easy with all this radiation . We 'd better bring transport enhancers . Set us down , Tom . Yes , sir . Gently , please . I should have brought a holo-camera , so I could show B 'Elanna she 's not missing anything . Can you believe she actually wanted to come with us ? When my wife was pregnant , she didn 't want to be coddled , either . And she 's not half Klingon . Oh , maybe it 's us . Something about fatherhood seems to regress the male psyche a few thousand years . Tom , be careful . It 's a toy . Like a music box . Vivaldi . I 'm getting something . 90 meters this way . Souvenir . Commander , I 'm detecting an antimatter signature ahead . Looks like missile silos . Paris to Chakotay . Go ahead . We 've got a reading that could be the probe . It 's inside a cave . Keep us posted . The warhead is still active . It wouldn 't have taken many of these to trigger a nuclear winter . People must have taken shelter here . Well , it makes sense . The magnesite in these caves would have provided partial shielding from the radiation . Over here ! What 'd you find ? Some kind of control room ... or laboratory . Laboratory ? Lots of diagnostic equipment . Looks like it was salvaged from a junk heap . Or scavenged from the ruins . Particle scanners , circuit analyzers ... Most of it 's still functional . They were working on something . This is what we came for . Whoever lived here must have been studying it . The datacore is still intact . Start setting up the transport enhancers . Paris to Chakotay . Go ahead . We found the probe . Well , pieces of it , anyway . We 're getting ready to beam it back up to the Flyer . We 'll meet you there . Hello ? Is someone there ? The tricorder isn 't reading any life signs . Don 't move . You okay ? Delta Flyer to Paris . Chakotay to away team . Respond . They 're antimatter weapons . Shields are off-line . What are you doing ? Getting us out of here . What about the others ? We can 't do them any good if we 're dead . We 'll come back for them . Look , you 're making a mistake ... Leave them alone ! Who are you ? I 'm Lieutenant Tom Paris . We 're from the Federation Starship Voyager . What are these ? They 're transport enhancers . We were going to use them to retrieve our probe . Your probe ? Too bad you didn 't come for it sooner . You would have saved us a lot of suffering . We still can 't contact the others or get a fix on their life signs . Why didn 't we detect the aliens ? I don 't know . Whoever they are , they have antimatter weapons . Antimatter ? Bridge to Captain Janeway . Go ahead . We are being hailed from the surface . The away team ? No . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway . Who am I speaking with ? My name is Verin . Your crewmen are my prisoners . Why ? We haven 't done anything to harm you . You committed genocide . I think there 's been a misunderstanding . We arrived here just ... You 're from Earth ? Yes . Then you 're going to pay for what your people did to us . I 'm sorry , I don 't know what you 're talking about . We 're not as naive as you seem to think we are , Captain , not anymore . What is it you want ? I want you to get us off this planet . Find us a new home . Release my crewmen and we can talk about it . No more talking . Your people won 't be safe until mine are . Listen , I don 't respond well to threats . And I don 't want to kill anyone , but I will if you don 't cooperate . You have three hours to begin evacuating us . Start scanning for the nearest M-Class planet . You intend to meet his demands ? I 'm just keeping my options open . You 're with me . I 've analyzed his garment . It 's lined with magnesite . A makeshift environmental suit . Unfortunately , the protection it offers is limited . His tissues are saturated with antimatter radiation . It explains why we couldn 't detect his life signs . They 're virtually indistinguishable from the environment . Now that we know that , maybe we can adjust our sensors to detect them . Let 's wake him . What were you doing aboard our shuttle ? Trying to undo the damage you caused . If you 're referring to what 's happened on your planet , we had nothing to do with it . Your people sent the probe didn 't they ? Our ancestors sent it 300 years ago , to make contact with other species . They did a little more than that . Am I your prisoner ? No . You 're suffering from prolonged radiation exposure . I can treat you . You can ? I believe I can . In exchange for what ? Nothing . I have a wife , friends . We might be able to help them , too , but not while our crewmen are being held hostage . You said you were trying to undo the damage we caused . What did you mean by that ? I was aboard your shuttle looking for technology that might help us neutralize the radiation . We saw missiles on the surface . Was the destruction caused by war ? Those missiles were built for defense . They were never launched . Then what accounts for the devastation ? A containment failure in our power grid . Once the antimatter was released , it destroyed everything . I 'm sorry , but I still don 't see how we 're responsible . Before the probe , my people never conceived of anything like antimatter . " We offer this information freely with the hope that one day we will stand on your soil and extend our hands in friendship . " I 'm sure you recognize those words . The recording from the probe . Your people sent us technology that they knew would destroy us . I don 't understand . We didn 't either at first , but we had decades to think about it , and now it seems so obvious . You send us new technology , encourage us to use it , and then you wait for us to obliterate ourselves . Why would we do that ? Because it 's easier than invading us . Do you really believe we 'd contaminate a world we intended to conquer ? I 'm a scientist . I believe what I see . And today , I saw your people standing on our soil just as you promised , and they were wearing equipment that protected them from the radiation , because they knew exactly what to expect . If you were in my position , what would you believe ? He might have a concussion . I need the medkit from my pack . I was told not to let you use your equipment . When 's your baby due ? My wife 's pregnant , too . We 're expecting a little girl in a couple of months . How do you know it 's a girl ? Well , we have technology that allows us to examine the fetus . She has my eyes and her mother 's cranial ridges . Is this your first ? No . Oh . Boys ? Girls ? Two boys and a girl . What are their names ? They were all stillborn . I 'm sorry . You 're ... a doctor ? No , I 'm just a medic . But we have the best doctor in the Quadrant back on Voyager . He might be able to help ... I shouldn 't be talking to you . Our current coordinates and the nearest M-Class planet- - 132 light-years away . At maximum warp , that 's about two months round trip . How many people are we talking about ? If these sensor modifications are correct , about 5,500 . It would take at least 17 trips- - almost three years- - to complete the relocation . We 've made sacrifices to help people before . What about Tom and the others ? Are they supposed to rot down there until this relocation 's finished ? I don 't think Verin 's going to let go of his only bargaining chips . Then we may have to use force . Not until we 've exhausted every other option . These people believe that we 're violent . I 'm not going to do anything to reinforce that belief , unless it becomes absolutely necessary . I 've extracted the nanoprobes . I 'll begin reprogramming them . Nanoprobes ? Microscopic machines . Hopefully they 'll help us repair your damaged tissue . You said you extracted them . From where ? My bloodstream . They maintain my cybernetic implants . Nanoprobes , cybernetic implants . Are others on your crew like you ? No , I 'm ... unique . You certainly are . I need a word with your patient . You told me you 've been looking for ways to neutralize the radiation . All my life . Tell me about your work . Lieutenant ? I 'm okay . My stomach 's just a little queasy . Our inoculations must be wearing off . I thought these caves were naturally shielded . They 're no substitute for an environmental suit . These people have lived here all their lives without environmental suits . These people have lived here without much of anything . - Hello . - Hello . It 's all right . We 're not going to hurt you . What 's your name ? Yun . Uh , mine 's Tom . This is Joe and Neelix . You 're not like them . We 're different species , but they 're my friends . They say you 're going to take us on your ship and find us a new home . I 'm sure our Captain is trying to help you . Neelix ... where 's our " souvenir " ? In my pack . Uh , excuse me . Um , we 'd like to give her something . It 's in the equipment bag . It 's a toy . That could be a weapon . It 's harmless . These men are dangerous . I want you to stay away from them . Understood ? Well , so much for making friends . Mr. Verin ? What are you doing ? My job . I 'm Voyager 's Ambassador , remember ? Can I have a word with you ? Just between us ... I understand why you don 't trust humans . Then why are you with them ? They 're not so bad once you get to know them . When I first met them , I thought they were arrogant , self-righteous . I suppose you 're going to tell me you 've changed your mind . Well , not completely . I still think they take themselves far too seriously for my taste ... but one thing they don 't do is harm other people . Are you blind ? No , I see very clearly what 's happened to you , and I 'd like to help . How ? My Captain listens to me . I can speak to her on your behalf , help her understand your situation . What do you know about our " situation " ? I know what you 've been through . My planet was destroyed by a weapon called a metreon cascade . Hundreds of thousands of people were killed ... including my family . How did you survive ? I was on a neighboring planet when the weapon was detonated . I went back with a rescue team , but there was no one left . I 'm sorry about what happened to your family ... but don 't compare your life to mine . The nearest suitable planet is simply too far away , so I 'd like to propose an alternative . There is no alternative . Please , hear me out . We have one of your people aboard , a Mr. Otrin . He has some interesting ideas about counteracting the radiation . Otrin has too many ideas . I think his theories have merit . What he 's lacked until now is the means to carry them out . If you release the hostages , we can work together . There 's a good chance we could undo some of the damage to your environment . This isn 't a negotiation . You don 't seem to understand . It would take years to evacuate the entire planet . So instead , you once again offer us the benefits of your technology . What I 'm offering you is a realistic alternative . If I release the hostages , what 's to prevent you from leaving or attacking us ? Look , I know you 've suffered , and I know you don 't trust us . You haven 't given me any reason to . Then why don 't we start with a small step ? You return one of the hostages , and I 'll send you a supply of food and medicine . You ... what 's your name ? Joe Carey . Set up your ... transport enhancers . I 'm sorry ... Mr. Carey . Sorry ? Your crewman 's ready , Captain . Transport him to Sick Bay . Hey , what the hell are you doing ? ! Tom ? Sick Bay to Bridge . They 've killed Lieutenant Carey . If you think murdering one of my crewmen is going to make me more receptive to your demands , you 're mistaken . Don 't force me to kill anyone else . All right . I 'll evacuate your people , but our transporters aren 't designed to accommodate large groups . We 'll need time to modify them . We 'll be ready within the hour . If you 're not ... I understand . My ready room . You have radiation poisoning . This will make you feel better . Thank you . Why are you helping us ? Your child 's going to need a father ... isn 't she ? The first phase of your therapy is complete . How do you feel ? I can breathe more easily . Your lungs were damaged by the radiation . The nanoprobes are repairing them . It 's incredible . If we could manufacture more of these , we might be able to treat everyone . Unfortunately , Mr. Verin has refused our help . Did you expect him to cooperate ? His behavior is irrational . To you , maybe , but you haven 't lived like we have . No , but that doesn 't mean that we 're responsible for what 's happened here . You can 't deny your people sent the probe . They made an error in judgment . They failed to anticipate the consequences of their actions , but they never meant to destroy your world . Human culture has evolved , learned from its mistakes . So can yours . Even if I believed you , Verin never would . Then your people may need a change of leadership , someone more open to new ideas . I 'm not a leader . But you 're a scientist , someone who can see a problem and envision a solution . The same definition could apply to a leader . Doesn 't seem fair , does it ? My daughter ... she 'll have food , medical care , everything she needs . What 's wrong ? We need help . It 's the baby . It 's too soon . Let him help me . Can you ? I think so , but I 'll need my medkit . Inform Verin . I 'm losing the heartbeat . Oh , no ! What are you doing ? Speeding up the contractions . Their ship 's returned . Send out patrols . Double the guard at the entrance . I 've got him ! He 's not breathing . Cardio-stimulator . Three millijoules . Now . Don 't move . I 'll take him to Verin . Find the others . This way . Move ! Increase the charge to five millijoules . Again . I 'm reading a heartbeat . Oh ! You have a son . Oh . One of the patrols took another prisoner . Put him with the others . We need to get him to Voyager . He stays here . Mr. Tuvok ? Your Captain was foolish enough to think she could rescue you . Instead , she 's given me another hostage . Doc ? When you need to infiltrate a toxic environment , it helps to be a hologram . Prepare the transport enhancers . Tuvok to Chakotay . We 've secured the hostages . Good work . Chakotay to Delta Flyer . Two to beam out . Thank you . Now , Mr. Paris . Your baby won 't survive without treatment . I promise we 'll bring him back . Take good care of him . I will . Tuvok to Voyager . Five to beam up . Cute little fellow , isn 't he ? He 's already responding to treatment . Once he 's stabilized , we 'll transport him to the surface , and send along some food and medical supplies . We 're leaving ? As soon as I report to Starfleet . Captain . Once the baby 's back in that environment , he 's just going to get sick again . I 'm sorry , we can 't keep him from his mother . I 'm not suggesting that . You told those people that we might be able to neutralize the radiation . Was that true ? Yes , but they didn 't want our help . I can 't force it on them . Maybe you should . If we help them without asking anything in return , it 'll prove they 're wrong about us . You 're forgetting something . They killed Mr. Carey . I 'm not about to risk any more lives to help murderers . Captain , it was one man who killed Carey . If you saw how they were living , how desperate they are ... I 'm not saying we should ignore what happened , but humans did play a part in their suffering . Intentional or not , that probe had a terrible impact on these people . If there 's anything we can do to make up for that now , we at least have to try . I 've adjusted the radiation levels to match the conditions on the surface . Watch . An isolytic chain reaction . It recombines the nucleonic particles in the atmosphere . How do we apply your methods on a planetary scale ? Atmospheric processors are one possibility . Too bad we don 't have a corps of engineers to build them . What if we encased the catalytic agent in photon torpedoes , used the concussive force to start the reaction ? It would require multiple detonations at a low altitude , but I believe it could work . Captain , an isolitic reaction of that magnitude would expand exponentially . Your ship might not survive . We 'll have to modify our shields , reinforce structural integrity . Well , let 's get started . He 's beautiful . And they can give us enough medicine to treat everyone . Can they rebuild our cities ? Bring back the people who died ? They 're offering to help , and this time no one 's coercing them . We can 't trust these people . They just sent armed men to attack us . They only wanted to rescue their hostages . Who knows what they wanted ? You 're being irrational . What 's irrational is cooperating with the enemy . Look at my child . They said that they would treat him , and they kept their word . Shield modifications on line . Torpedoes ? Ready . Hail them . Listen to me . Otrin , we 're ready to begin . Understood . Good luck . Tom , take us down . We 're 10,000 meters into the troposphere . Fire the first sequence . They 're attacking us ! It 's only the shock wave from the detonations . No . Shields ? Holding at 18 percent . Are you going to stand there while he helps them destroy us ? What are you doing ? Fighting back . Captain , they 're opening missile silos . They 're targeting Voyager . At 18 percent , our shields won 't withstand an antimatter explosion . We should return to orbit . Not yet . Fire the next sequence . You can 't launch those missiles ! Hold him ! Stop ! What are you doing ? I won 't let you ruin our only chance for survival . You 'd kill me ? To save my child ... yes . Get that weapon away from her . No ... sir . I 've kept you alive ... all of you ! And we 're grateful for that . But survival isn 't enough anymore . Are you in command now ? If I have to be . Everyone , come outside ! Hurry ! All right , come on . What 's going on ? Bring him . This way . It 's beautiful . Captain 's Log , supplemental . We 've retrieved Friendship I and resumed our course to the Alpha Quadrant , but the success of our mission had a very high price . Impressive , isn 't it ? The detail 's amazing . Carey spent months working on it . He used to joke that it wouldn 't be finished by the time we got back to Earth . He only had one nacelle to go . We were able to download the probe 's memory core . We 'll transmit the telemetry in the next datastream . I think about our ancestors ... thousands of years wondering if they were alone in the universe , finally discovering they weren 't . You can 't blame them for wanting to reach out , see how many other species were out there asking the same questions . The urge to explore is pretty powerful . But it can 't justify the loss of lives ... whether it 's millions ... or just one .
