 Captain ... Computer , pause music . I didn 't wake you , did I ? That 's all right , Doctor . 15 minutes of sleep is really all I need . Coffee , black . Maybe you should pay a little more attention to flying and a little less to singing . As a hologram , I can handle a variety of tasks at once . In addition to piloting the Flyer , I 'm writing a paper on the physiological stresses of long-duration space flight and ... taking holo-images of this Mutara-class nebula . With a hologram on board , who needs a crew ? I 'd never admit this to anyone else , but there was a time when I would have given anything to be flesh and blood , but I 've come to realize that being a hologram is far superior . Really ? No offense . I 'll always enjoy the company of organics . In fact , I 'm delighted you were able to attend this medical symposium with me . It 's been a pleasure spending time with you . Actually , I was hoping we might do this sort of thing more often . Hmm . We 're passing through a subspace eddy . It could be the wake of another ship . No . There 's nothing on sensors . It 's probably just the gravimetric shear from the nebula . Maybe I should take the controls . Sit down and relax , Captain . You 've got a hologram at the helm . The plasma surges have to be coming from one of these relays . Try realigning the deuterium manifolds . Paris to Torres . Go ahead . Can you pull yourself away from Engineering for a few minutes ? I 've got a shuttle down here with faulty deflector array . I 'm a little busy right now . It 's kind of urgent . What 's this ? Well , I thought you 'd enjoy a romantic lunch under the glow of a red giant . Oh , you replicated potato salad . With extra paprika- - just the way you like it . This is so sweet ... but I can 't . Sure you can . I 've already cleared it with Chakotay . I told the Captain I 'd have the dilithium matrix recalibrated before she got back . You know , this might be our last chance to be alone ... for the next 18 years . I will make some time before the baby comes , I promise . Oh , I 've got to get back . Report . There 's some kind of pulse being directed at our transceiver array . It 's coming from the Delta Flyer . Hail them . No response . Looks like they 've encoded the pulse with a com signal . Captain ... Sorry about the image , Ensign . Our com system 's been damaged . The only way I could send you a signal was through the main deflector . Are you and the Doctor all right ? We 're fine . Tell Commander Chakotay to meet me in my ready room as soon as we 've docked . Janeway out . Harry tells me the Flyer took some damage . That 's an understatement . We almost didn 't make it back in one piece . They 're called the R 'Kaal . Their technology is decades ahead of ours . Transphasic warp drive , multispectral cloaking systems . They could destroy this ship before our sensors knew they were there . They sound like people we should avoid . I wish that were possible . They control thousands of parsecs from here to the edge of the Beta Quadrant . They 're ecological extremists . They believe conventional warp engines damage subspace , so they 've outlawed warp travel through their territory . Then we should reverse course and find a way around . That 's the problem . We 've already been in their space for three weeks without knowing it . You 'd think they 'd mark their borders - a little more clearly . - As punishment , their law demands that our ship be dismantled . Obviously , we 're not going to let that happen . I spent three hours explaining our situation to their " Supreme Archon " - - a thoroughly unpleasant man . I convinced him to spare Voyager , but at a price . We 're going to rendezvous with their armada and surrender our warp core at a Class-M planet where they 've agreed to let us settle . Settle ? I didn 't make this decision lightly , Chakotay . We have to bring the senior staff in on this . We can find a way to evade their ships or adapt our sensors to their cloaking technology . We could try that , and we might make it past their armada , but we could lose a lot of people in the process- - maybe the entire ship . Kathyrn , there 's got to be another way . I 'm tired , Chakotay , tired of casualty reports , of continually risking my people on the slim chance that we 'll make it home in one piece . We 've found our way out of worse situations . Set a course . What am I supposed to tell the crew ? For now , I 'd like to keep this between us . It 's not like you to keep your people in the dark ... I 'll make an announcement when the time is right . Dismissed . Captain . I 'm sorry to interrupt , but I could use your input on a hypothetical scenario . Of course . If we were to eject the core , could it be towed safely at warp ? In theory , but a tractor beam might destabilize the containment field . You 'd be risking a breach . Could you compensate for that ? You could configure the tractor emitters to generate a resonance pulse . That should stabilize the field . Can you make those modifications to the Delta Flyer 's tractor emitters ? I suppose . How long would it take ? Um , a few hours . Get started . I thought you said this was a hypothetical scenario . We should be prepared , just in case . In case of what ? Let me know as soon as you 're finished . Torres to Chakotay . Go ahead . Have you got a minute ? B 'Elanna tells me you ordered some modifications to the Flyer . That 's right . Maybe I misunderstood . I thought the plan was to hand over the core when we reached the planet . Are we taking it somewhere else ? I heard you the first time . Captain ? You 've already made your concerns clear , Commander , but there 's been a slight change of plans . Were you going to tell me ? Kathryn ... what 's going on ? I don 't feel well . I 've got a headache . I 'm going to my quarters , and I 'd prefer not to be disturbed . You have the Bridge . Not now . I beg your pardon , Captain ? Carry on , Commander . Chakotay to the Doctor . Go ahead , Commander . Report to Sick Bay immediately . Something wrong with the turbolifts ? You did say immediately . How can I help you ? I 'm concerned about the Captain . She doesn 't seem to be feeling well . What 's wrong ? I 'm not sure . She went to her quarters with a headache . I 'll bring her an analgesic . I was wondering if this could be related to your encounter with the aliens . You think they harmed her ? You tell me . What did they do to her ? I 'm not sure , exactly . The aliens took my program off-line as soon as they boarded the Flyer . The Captain reactivated me a few hours later and told me she 'd been interrogated . Naturally , I examined her to make sure she was all right . Did you find anything unusual ? I suppose I 'm violating doctor-patient confidentiality by telling you this , but ... she was fine . I 'd like you to give her a more thorough examination . Gladly , but you know how she feels about physicals . You can be very persuasive , Doctor . Contact me as soon as you 're done . Aye , sir . Anything interesting on sensors this morning ? Nothing extraordinary . A red giant and two G-type stars , a Golorian trading vessel bearing 156 mark 4 . If there were a fleet of cloaked ships in the vicinity , could you devise a way to detect them ? A cloaked fleet would generate significant subspace distortions . Why do you ask ? Commander , we 're receiving a transmission . Source ? I 'm having trouble pinpointing it . Should I notify the Captain ? No , she didn 't want to be disturbed . Route the call here . I 'm Commander Chakotay of the Starship Voyager . This is Supreme Archon Loth of the R 'Kaal Imperium . Why haven 't you ejected your warp core as your Captain agreed ? We 're en route to the planet you specified . We can 't jettison the core until we get there . If we don 't receive the core within ten hours , my armada will destroy your ship . This is your only warning . Work with Harry . I want to know the source of that transmission . Understood . Ah , Commander , you 'll be relieved to know I 've given the Captain a clean bill of health . Did you run a neurological scan ? Mm-hmm . Her brain activity and cognitive functions are completely normal . As far as I can tell , she 's perfectly fit , physically and mentally . Thank you , Doctor . Chakotay to the Captain . Computer , locate Captain Janeway . Computer , belay that . My quarters , now . Really , Chakotay , sending the Doctor to check up on me ? I 'm concerned . Then why didn 't you come to me directly ? I thought we trusted each other . So did I. Something happened on that away mission that you 're not telling me . I 've told you everything you need to know . You 've consulted me on every major decision over the last seven years except this one . Why ? There are some decisions a captain has to make on her own . I understand that , but every instinct tells me what you 're doing is wrong . Don 't you remember what happened on Lessek Prime ? I don 't see how that 's relevant . I think you do . 15 years ago , you were the Lieutenant who was kept in the dark . If you hadn 't questioned your Captain 's orders , the entire away team would 've been lost . This situation 's entirely different . You never told me that story . I made it up . Chakotay to Tuvok . I 've erected a dampening field around these quarters . I 'm sorry , Commander . Computer , secure the doors and establish a level-5 dampening field around the morgue . I can 't do my job with the two of you constantly talking in my head . No ! I 'm not doing anything else until I speak with the Captain . Fine ! What 's your encryption frequency ? Captain , are you all right ? Doctor , listen to me . Under no circumstances are you to eject the warp core . If I don 't do what they ask , they 'll kill you . I 'm giving you a direct order . Stop what you 're doing . I 'm sorry , Captain . I can 't obey that order . Doctor , I want you to go to the Bridge right now and alert Commander Tuvok ... Put her behind the force field ! We have another assignment for you . I 've been going over the schematics of your vessel , and I 'm intrigued by this bio-neural circuitry . I want you to bring us a series of these gel packs . The gel packs are integrated into the ship 's systems . I can 't just remove them without someone noticing . You 've proven yourself to be very resourceful , Doctor . You 'll find a way . Remember- - we 're monitoring your perceptual subroutines . We can see and hear everything . Tuvok to Chakotay . You know what will happen to her if you alert your crew . Go ahead . Are you all right , Commander ? Uh , just a scratchy throat . The Doctor 's treating me now . Could you come to the Shuttle Bay when you 're finished ? I 'll be right there . Chakotay out . Computer , access the holodeck database and locate Commander Chakotay 's holographic template . Download the physical parameters into my program . You wanted to see me ? I 've completed the diagnostic as you requested . The Flyer 's com system is functioning normally . You find that unusual ? The Captain did report that it was damaged during the attack by the R 'Kaal . I 'll have a talk with her . Did you find anything else out of the ordinary ? No . Get out of there before you arouse suspicion . I 'll be on the Bridge if you need me . You 're doing a wonderful job , Doctor . I 'm just giving him a little encouragement . That 's why I 'm in command . If all goes well , we should have the warp core in less than six hours . He 's making excellent progress . That 's exactly what he wants you to believe . What do you mean ? Did you really think you could outsmart a hologram ? Everything appears to be normal . How do you know you 're not looking at a holographic projection ? The Doctor isn 't just a physician . His emergency command subroutines contain thousands of tactical scenarios . I wouldn 't be surprised if Voyager was already on its way here . You do have an option . Leave me behind in an escape pod , and I 'll forget any of this ever happened . Maybe we should let her go . Are you delusional ? It took months to plan this . We 've already found a buyer for the warp core . Now you want to abandon everything ? It 's better than being sent to a rehabilitation center . We made our choice when we stole this vessel . I am not going back to the Hierarchy , and neither are you . She 's just trying to trick you . A month from now , we 'll be soaking in the mud baths of Eblar Prime . Trust me . Janeway to Torres . Torres here . I 'm having a little trouble with my replicator again . Can you take a look at it ? I 'm still working on those modifications you asked for . I 'll send somebody else . I 'd consider it a personal favor if you 'd do it yourself , Lieutenant . I 'll be there in five minutes . Thank you . Janeway out . Computer , access Lieutenant Torres ' holographic template and download the physical parameters into my program . Computer , access medical file : Torres-3 and update her holographic template . Did you forget something , Lieutenant ? I did , actually . Where do we keep the spare gel packs ? Locker Gamma 5 . Of course , Gamma 5 . On the upper level . I know where it is , Ensign . You left me no choice . Lieutenant . Oh , are we calling each other by our rank now ? Uh , you startled me . Oh , sorry . Well , I thought since you didn 't have time for lunch under the stars , maybe you 'd settle for the glow of the warp core . How thoughtful ... but I 'm ... not hungry . Well , I 'm sure the baby is famished . A pregnant woman shouldn 't eat this kind of food . Do you want to give me an arterial occlusion ? Oh , one drumstick isn 't going to kill you . Besides , I won 't tell the Doctor ... if you won 't . You know ... this all looks so delicious . Why don 't we save it for a romantic dinner this evening ? All right . 1900 hours , but if you 're not there , I 'm sending Security after you . I 'll be there ... sweetheart . " Sweetheart " ? Well , aren 't you getting affectionate in your third trimester . I 'll see you later . Kim to Chakotay . Can you come to Astrometrics ? Harry , I 'll be right there . Chakotay out . The transmission was encoded with a false subspace signature . The signal didn 't originate on another vessel . It came from inside Voyager . We traced it to Holodeck 2 . Do you know who sent it ? I 'm on my way to check the access logs . I 'll go with you . Whoever sent this transmission knew how to cover his tracks . The holodeck logs have been erased . Doesn 't look like we 'll get any answers here . I might be able to find some residual photonic displacement . There we go . I think I can clarify the image with a recursive algorithm . Our alien 's a hologram . The question is , who programmed him ? Good work , Ensign . I 'll take it from here . Wait a minute . I 'm picking up two holographic signatures . It looks like a second image was superimposed over an existing template . I 'll see if I can isolate the first image . Doctor ... what are you doing ? If you don 't mind , I 've had a stressful day . I 'm extremely busy , Commander . This will only take a moment . I 've been reviewing the communication logs . There 's a discrepancy I was hoping you could explain . At the precise moment the Flyer transmitted a deflector pulse , you apparently accessed Voyager 's holographic database . I haven 't the faintest idea what you 're talking about . Your access code was used to download the Captain 's physical parameters . Exactly what are you insinuating , Commander ? Perhaps we should have a word with the Captain . Fine . Computer , deactivate the EMH . EMH protocols are off-line . Security to Sick Bay . Remain where you are . You haven 't forgotten I 'm a hologram , have you ? If necessary , I 'll disable all of your holo-emitters . Computer , transfer the EMH to the mobile emitter ! All hands , Red Alert . Security teams , apprehend the Doctor . Computer , open the holodeck doors . Unable to comply . Access to the holodeck has been restricted . Security override : Tuvok-sigma-four . Computer , end program . Unable to comply . Holodeck controls are off-line . Tuvok to Engineering . Shut down power to Holodeck 2 . Shut down power to Holodeck 2 . It looks like the Doctor 's rerouted the power relays . It 'll take a minute to bypass them . Doctor , I 've reconfigured my phaser to disrupt your holo-matrix . Surrender yourself now . Tuvok to Bridge . Can you locate the Doctor on internal sensors ? I 'm not reading him . He must 've masked his signature somehow . Try scanning for the polydeutonic alloy in his emitter . Shut down all turbolifts and transporters . Acknowledged . Get your people out of here . The core 's about to breach . I 'm not detecting an overload . You 're getting false readings . The Doctor 's reprogrammed your sensors . All right , everybody out ! Now ! Move it ! You , too , B 'Elanna . I might be able to stabilize the containment field . You 're not putting your baby in danger . Go ! You 'd better be right behind me . Paris to Torres . I 'm picking up the Doctor 's emitter in your section . Where ? Right next to the warp core . Computer ... activate Emergency Command Hologram . All command codes have been transferred to the ECH . Prepare to eject the warp core . Authorization : ECH-omega-four-two . Doctor , don 't do this . Warp ejection system enabled . Computer ... eject the core . Computer , lock on to my mobile emitter and transport me to the Delta Flyer . Transporters are off-line . Tuvok , we just lost main power , and internal sensors are down . The Doctor has entered Jefferies Tube 1 1-Alpha . Send a security team to the Shuttle Bay . Lieutenant . I think the Doctor 's heading for the escape pods . You wouldn 't shoot a pregnant woman , would you ? Come with me , Doctor . Tuvok , someone 's launching the Flyer . Tuvok ? Ow ! You might try disconnecting the phase discriminator . I 've rebuilt dozens of these units , but I 've never seen this configuration before . Do you know how I can stabilize the ion flow ? That looks like the charge inverter . Thank you . You 're welcome . Your ship must need a lot of replacement parts . Oh ... those aren 't for this ship . I 've been collecting and repairing spare components for years . This is from an old impulse drive . Would you believe I found it sitting in a waste depository ? I 'll be able to find a buyer now that it 's working . These parts could be worth a small fortune . That 's exactly what I think . I 'm going to use my quarter of the profits to establish an outpost specializing in obsolete engine components . I 'm certain there 's a demand for them . My Chief Engineer is always looking for spare parts . She might be interested in acquiring your entire inventory . Captain . You 're not trying to take advantage of my subordinate , are you ? No one 's ever going to buy this junk . It 's almost as useless as you . There 's a ship approaching . This is the Delta Flyer . I 've got the warp core , but you 're not getting it until you release the Captain . Are you insane ? You almost destabilized the core . Both of our ships would 've been destroyed ! This isn 't a negotiation ! Release your tractor beam now ! All right . It 's in the Cargo Hold . Lower your shields , and we 'll beam your Captain to you . Ready . We had an agreement . To spare your Captain . As you can see , she 's still alive . Let the Doctor go . I 'm the more valuable hostage . Actually , you 're not . We 'll leave you in the Vinri system . The inhabitants are mostly harmless . The Doctor will be working for us now . I 'll do no such thing . I 'm sure you 'll feel differently after I make a few adjustments to your program . I had no idea he was going to do this . I 'm sorry . I hope you realize you 've stranded Voyager in the Delta Quadrant . What did you expect me to do , let them kill you ? I expected you to follow my orders . You might as well have been ordering me to put a phaser to your head . Voyager can survive without a warp core , but not without a captain . Now it doesn 't have either . Chief Tactical Officer 's Log , Stardate 54890.7 . With internal sensors off-line , I 've had to order a section-by-section search for our missing crew members . Until main power is restored , Voyager remains immobilized and defenseless . They 're just unconscious . Paris to Tuvok . I found them . It is logical to assume the Captain never returned from the away mission . Do you have any idea where the Flyer is ? The Doctor masked his ion trail . Engineering to Chakotay . Go ahead . We 're ready to restart the impulse reactors . Acknowledged . It 's playing on every com channel on the ship . Computer , pause music . Unable to comply . Didn 't the Doctor play this at his recital last month ? Yes , and as I recall , he performed the piece flawlessly . Maybe the recording was damaged by the power loss . Or perhaps the Doctor altered the music deliberately . Why would he do that ? I performed a Fourier analysis on the recording . The harmonics have been modified . it could be a com frequency . Unlikely . There 's no carrier wave . I could be wrong , but it looks like a warp signature . The power utilization curve would be about right . Try scanning for it . I 'm detecting a matching signature . Distance : 6.7 light-years . We can 't follow them at impulse . You and Tom take a shuttle . What are you doing ? If I can amplify your matrix , I might be able to disrupt the force field . I 'm sorry I put us in this position , Captain . You said you wanted us to spend more time together . This isn 't what I had in mind . Maybe ... if we get back to the ship , we could try socializing a little more . This really isn 't the place to be talking about this . Besides , I don 't do a lot of socializing . You have meals with Commander Chakotay , and you play velocity with Seven . We going to have to discuss this later . I need to upload your first assignment . You want me to infiltrate the Hierarchy 's surveillance complex ? The data stored there is worth a hundred warp cores . How do you expect me to get past their security perimeter ? I 'm glad you asked . I trust this won 't be permanent ? I 've given you the rank of a Class-One Overseer . You 'll be able to walk into Central Command without anyone noticing . I 've also uploaded several other holographic templates you might find useful . What 's wrong ? I 'm not certain . The compression algorithms are breaking down . I told you his program couldn 't handle that much data . What have you done to me ? I 'm detecting a human life sign aboard ... and a holographic signature . The vessel 's weapons are polaron-based , and they have auto - regenerative shielding . We still have the element of surprise . If you don 't get him back to Voyager , his matrix will be permanently damaged . Please do something . He won 't be any use to us if he decompiles . Someone 's boarded the Delta Flyer . They 're moving away . Fire at both vessels . Now , Mr. Paris ! Our shield generator isn 't going to last . If we give them what they want , maybe they 'll leave . Prepare to jettison their warp core . What are you doing ? Arming a torpedo . If we detonate their core , the blast wave should give us enough time to escape . That would kill them . Captain , get down ! Lieutenant , lock a tractor beam onto the core and get it back to Voyager . Acknowledged . Nar , get this hologram off me ! Guess this wasn 't so useless after all . Are you still interested in acquiring my inventory ? Computer , transfer the EMH back into the holodeck buffer . Can you stabilize his matrix ? Not until we purge the excess subroutines . There 's more than a thousand teraquads of new data in here . How is he ? We 're not sure yet . Captain , if I don 't survive , I need you to do something for me . You 're going to be all right . If I 'm not , when you reach Earth , I want you to donate my emitter to the Daystrom Institute . They may be able to replicate it someday so that other holograms can know the freedom I 've enjoyed . I 've had something on my conscience for a long time . After I was first activated , I kept a record of what I considered to be your most ... questionable command decisions . It 's in my personal database . I hope you 'll delete the file without reading it . Mr. Tuvok ... I violated the most sacred trust between a physician and his patient . I told Mr. Neelix about the cutaneous eruption you developed on your ... That was indiscreet . I hope you can forgive me . Ensign ... at your recital last month , I told Lieutenant Torres that your saxophone playing reminded me of a wounded targ . I should 've put it more delicately . I 'm sorry . Seven ... You should remain still . You have no idea how difficult it 's been hiding my true feelings all these years , averting my eyes during your regular maintenance exams . I know you could never have the same feelings for me , but I want you to know the truth . I love you , Seven . Your cognitive algorithms are malfunctioning . Good-bye , my friends . Speak well of me . Is he ... ? No , I 've got him . What happened ? I deleted the extraneous subroutines . I 'm not going to decompile ? You 'll probably outlive us all . Doc ... anything else you 'd like to confess ? Captain 's Log , Stardate 54912.4 . Lieutenant Torres has restored our warp drive in less than a week . The Doctor 's dignity , however , might take a little longer . He hasn 't left Sick Bay once since he returned to the ship . Captain ... do you need ... do you need medical attention ? No . You 've been keeping to yourself lately . Your friends are worried about you . After my deathbed confession , I wasn 't sure I had any friends left . I overstepped my bounds in documenting your command decisions . It happened a long time ago , before I considered myself to be a part of your crew . Oh , I 'm not here to make you grovel . I 'm here to punish you for your insubordinate behavior . I understand . You 're hereby denied the use of your mobile emitter for six days . Since you haven 't left Sick Bay for a week , we 'll call it time served . I appreciate the gesture , Captain , but I 've got a lot of work to catch up on . I 'm sorry to hear that . I was hoping you might be free for a cup of coffee on the holodeck . I know a little sidewalk cafe in Buenos Aires . You said you wanted us to socialize more . I suppose Mr. Paris can finish this . Now , when you 're on the holodeck with the Captain , there are two rules you have to follow . I understand . First : leave your rank at the door . Not a problem . The second ? No opera . Hmm .
