 These should be familiar images to everyone who remembers the USS Voyager 's triumphant return to Earth after 23 years in the Delta Quadrant . Voyager captivated the hearts and minds of the people throughout the Federation , so it seems fitting that on this , the tenth anniversary of their return , we take a moment to recall the sacrifices made by the crew . Corruption charges were brought today ... Computer , end display . Hi ! Good to see you . Dinner next week , then ? Great . Okay . Hello . What 's your name ? Harry . What 's yours ? Sabrina . Naomi 's daughter ? - Uh-huh . - You 've gotten so big . I don 't remember you . I haven 't come to one of these reunions in four years . Why ? I 've been on a deep space assignment . For four years ? Compared to how long I was on Voyager , it seemed like a long weekend . Can you find your mother for me ? - Uh-huh . - I 'd like to say hi . Oops . Here you are , Captain . Thank you , Admiral . I haven 't seen her since she was a baby . It 's amazing how fast you 've all grown . How 's Tuvok ? Not well . I thought maybe I 'd go see him tomorrow . Oh , that would be nice . I 'm sorry I missed the funeral . I should 've been there . You were on a mission . Everyone understood . It 's so good to see you , Harry . Doc . Mr. Paris . Voyager 's pilot , medic , and occasional thorn in my side . Where have you been hiding yourself ? I 've been busy . New holonovel ? I 'll make sure to get your input before I send it off to my publisher . Aren 't you going to introduce me to your date ? Mr. Paris , meet Lana , my blushing bride . You 're married ? Tomorrow is our two-week anniversary . Well , congratulations . My invitation must 've gotten lost in subspace . Oh , you should be flattered . We took a page from your book and eloped . Joe has a real flair for romantic gestures . " Joe " ? I decided I couldn 't get married without a name . It took you 33 years to come up with Joe ? It was Lana 's grandfather 's name . Oh . Oh , so you 're not a ... A hologram ? No . Frankly , Mr. Paris , I 'm surprised you 'd even ask . I thought we were beyond those sorts - of distinctions . - Are you kidding ? I think it 's great . I 'm in a mixed marriage myself , remember ? Speaking of which , where is that wife of yours ? The High Council had a lot of questions . What did you tell them ? The truth ... with a Klingon twist . I told them that my beloved former Captain , who had saved my life many times in glorious battle , would be honored to submit Korath 's House for consideration . Do you think it 'll work ? I 'm just the Federation liaison , but I 'd like to think I have some influence . You still haven 't told me why you 're trying to help Korath . He 's an old friend . Would this old friend have anything to do with the mission that you sent my daughter on ? Sorry , B 'Elanna , but you know I can 't talk about that . Couldn 't you at least have waited until after the reunion ? She really wanted to be here . She 'll be home soon , I promise . May I have everyone 's attention , please ? Ten years ago tonight , this crew returned home from the longest away mission in Starfleet history . 23 years together made you a family , one I 'm proud to have been adopted by . So let us raise our glasses ... to the journey . To the journey . And to those who aren 't here to celebrate it with us . Ladies and gentlemen , meet the Borg . Over the course of this term , you 're going to become intimately familiar with the collective . You 'll learn about the assimilation process , the Borg hierarchy , and the psychology of the hive mind . And when it comes to your performance in this class , my expectations are going to be no different than the Borg Queen herself- - perfection . This semester , we are very fortunate to have a special guest lecturer , the woman who literally wrote the book on the Borg- - Admiral Kathryn Janeway . Thank you , Commander . I 'm glad to be here . A question already , Cadet ? I suppose it could wait until after class , Admiral . As they say in the Temporal Mechanics Department , " There 's no time like the present . " In the year 2377 , you aided the Borg resistance movement known as Unimatrix Zero . Sounds like someone 's been reading ahead . I thought you had a question , Cadet . Yes , ma 'am . When you informed the Queen that you were going to liberate thousands of her drones , could you describe the look on her face ? Admiral ? Some of us were talking before class , and we were curious . How extensive was Seven of Nine 's involvement with Unimatrix Zero ? I 'd , uh ... prefer not to discuss Seven of Nine . Yes , ma 'am . Sorry . Excuse me . Okay . Uh , who can tell me a little about nanotechnology ? I 'm sorry to pull you out of class , Admiral . Did you see it ? Yes , ma 'am . And ? It works . Korath has agreed to the exchange ? Yes . But ... He 's insisting on handing it over to you personally . I 'll be there as soon as I can . Good work , Ensign Paris . Hello , Tuvok . The light . Oh , I 'm sorry . I know you . That 's right . I 'm your friend , Kathryn Janeway , remember ? You 're an impostor . No , Tuvok . It 's me . Admiral Janeway visits on Sunday . Today is Thursday . Logic dictates that you are not who you claim to be . How are you ? I am close to completing my work . I 'm glad to hear it . It is difficult with so many interruptions . I 'm sorry . Would you like me to leave ? You may stay . Tuvok ? There 's something I need to tell you . It 's very important . I 'm going away , and I may not see you again . Commander Barclay and the Doctor will continue to visit . They 'll bring you anything you need . The Doctor comes on Wednesdays . Commander Barclay 's visits are ... e-erratic . Good-bye , Tuvok . You must be the only doctor who still makes house calls . What are your symptoms ? I 'm perfectly fine . For 33 years , you fought me every time you were due for a physical . Now you ask me to give you one ahead of schedule . I 'm taking a trip . I just wanted to get our appointment out of the way before I left . That 's all ? That 's all . Hmm . The good news is you 're as healthy as you were the first day I examined you . Well ... now that 's out of the way , have a seat . We didn 't get to talk much at the party . No . I don 't suppose we did . So , how 's married life ? Wonderful . You should try it . Oh , I think it 's a little late for that . Marriage is for the young- - like your wife . I can only hope she ages as gracefully as you have . I , of course , will be the same handsome hologram 20 years from now as I am today . I 've been meaning to ask you ... are you familiar with a drug called chronexaline ? We 've been testing it at Starfleet Medical to determine if it can protect bio-matter from tachyon radiation . And ? It 's very promising . Why do you ask ? I need 2,000 milligrams by tomorrow afternoon . Why ? That 's classified . Will you get it for me ? Of course , Admiral . You 'll have it by 0900 . Thank you . Download complete . This should be everything you need . The shuttle ? Waiting for you at the Oakland shipyard . I wish you 'd let me come with you . Sorry , Reg , but this is my mission . Besides , if you leave , there won 't be anyone to teach those eager young cadets about the Borg . Oh . I made you some fresh tea for the trip . Not that replicated stuff . Thank you ... for everything . I wouldn 't have been able to do this without you . Oh , don 't remind me . Any final words of advice for your old Captain ? Wait . Don 't tell me . I 'm being impulsive . I haven 't considered all the consequences . It 's too risky . Thanks for the input ... but I 've got to do what I think is right . I know it wasn 't easy living all these years without her , Chakotay . But when I 'm through , things might be better for all of us . Trust me . Tom ? Tom . I 'm sleeping . It 's time . For what ? I 'll give you one guess . Paris to ... Paris to Sick Bay . It 's time . Remain calm , Mr. Paris . Can she stand ? Affirmative . Then I suggest you report to Sick Bay . What about B 'Elanna ? Her , too . Right , of course . Maybe we should take the transporter . Hey , wait for me ! Hmm ... What do you mean by " hmm " ? You 're going to have a very healthy baby ... but not tonight . Tell me you 're joking . You 're experiencing false labor , Lieutenant . - Again ? - As I explained the last time , it 's a common occurrence , especially among Klingons . I want this thing out of me now ! Misdirected rage ... another common occurrence among Klingons . Can 't you induce ? I wouldn 't recommend it . If this keeps happening , we 'll never get any sleep . You think it 's bad now ? When ? 0400 . How many false alarms does that make ? Three that we know of . That baby is as stubborn as her mother . Harry 's starting a pool to see who can guess the actual date and time of birth . Tell him to put me down for next ... Friday , 2300 hours . Anything else ? Crewman Chell 's asked about taking over in the Mess Hall full-time . Neelix left some pretty big pots and pans to fill . Does Mr. Chell feel he 's up to the challenge ? Apparently so . He 's prepared a sample menu . " Plasma Leak Soup , Chicken Warp Core-don Bleu . " If his cooking 's as bad as his puns , we 're in trouble . Oh , I don 't know- - I wouldn 't mind giving his " Red Alert Chili " a try . Feel like having lunch ? I 'd love to , but I 've already made plans . Rain check ? Absolutely . What 's all this ? A picnic . According to my research , this is an appropriate third date . You didn 't have to go to this much trouble . If this makes you uncomfortable , I could prepare a less elaborate meal . No , don 't change a thing . This is perfection . In the interest of fair play , I should inform you that Mr. Kim has never defeated me at kal-toh . You should 've listened to me . Kal-toh is as much a game of patience as it is of logic . An experienced player will sometimes take several hours to decide his next move , and in some cases even days may be necessary to ... Kal-toh . You beat him . Congratulations . I 'm sure it was just beginner 's luck , sir . I 'd offer you a rematch , but I 'm due in Astrometrics . Another time , perhaps . He may have to go , but I 'm free and feeling lucky . If you 'll excuse me , Ensign . It 's just a game , Tuvok . Icheb 's an exceptionally bright young man . Did it occur to you that he might simply be a better player ? My loss was the result of another lapse in concentration . I am detecting lower neuropeptide levels . As I suspected . My condition is deteriorating . It 's a minor change . We knew it would happen . I simply have to increase your medication . Thank you , Doctor . Commander ... I understand your desire for privacy , but maybe it 's time we informed the Captain . I will inform her if and when the disorder begins to affect the performance of my duties . Of course . Your move . Green ... grid 1210 . Red , grid 313 . Tricky . How 's Brax ? Wonderful . Thanks for asking . I know I can never replace his father , but ... I have no doubt the boy looks up to you . Orange , grid 1012 . I haven 't told anyone , but I 'm thinking of asking Dexa to marry me . She 'd be wise to accept . That 's enough of my love life . How about yours ? I don 't have a love life . Oh ? What about your relationship with Commander Chakotay ? It 's your turn . Actually , it 's yours . At least tell me how he liked the picnic . It was an enjoyable activity for both of us . Thank you for suggesting it . Anytime . What is it ? Long-range sensors are detecting extremely high neutrino emissions accompanied by intermittent graviton flux approximately three light-years away . A wormhole ? I 'm not sure . I 'll need to conduct more scans . We can finish our game tomorrow . I 'll contact you at the usual time . The emissions are occurring at the center of the nebula . There appear to be hundreds of distinct sources . Which could translate to hundreds of wormholes . The radiation is interfering with our sensors , but if Ensign Kim 's enthusiasm turns out to be justified , it would be the most concentrated occurrence of wormholes ever recorded . Any idea where they lead ? Not yet , but if just one of them leads to the Alpha Quadrant ... Who knows , Harry ? It might take us right into your parents ' living room . Alter course , Mr. Paris . Ensign , when you speak to your mother , tell her we may need her to move the sofa . 7 153 ... 5331 ... 7 153 ... 5331 ... - 7 153 ... - I 'm sorry if I pulled you away from something important , sir , but he won 't let anyone near him , - and I thought you might ... - You did the right thing . His condition 's never been associated with violent behavior . He seems more frustrated than violent . Long-range sensors have detected no trace . Her disappearance remains a mystery . I am deeply concerned . What are you concerned about , Tuvok ? Her disappearance . - Whose ? - 5331 ... 7 153 . He 's been repeating those same numbers over and over again- - 53317 1 . It might be a stardate . Stardate 53317 ... If my memory files are accurate , that was the day Captain Janeway was abducted by the Kellidians . Is that who you 're talking about , Tuvok , Captain Janeway ? Her disappearance remains a mystery . No , you solved that mystery , Tuvok . You rescued the Captain and brought her back to Voyager safe and sound , remember ? I am deeply concerned , deeply concerned . Maybe if the Admiral paid him a visit , showed him that she was all right ? Unfortunately , she 's out of town right now . I 'm not sure when she 'll be back . She 's never coming back ! Her disappearance remains a mystery . I 'm deeply concerned ... Voyager to Pathfinder . Come in , Pathfinder . Doctor , what a pleasant sur ... Oh ! I 've forgotten about our golf game again , haven 't I ? Relax , Reg , it 's not until next week . I 'm here because I need to get in touch with Admiral Janeway . Oh , she 's out of town . I know . Did she tell you where she was going ? Uh , I 'm afraid it-it never came up . I mean , is something wrong ? I 'm not sure . I paid a visit to Tuvok this morning . He seemed to think that she was in some sort of danger . Well , you know better than anyone how confused Tuvok can get . Yes , but I 've been worried about the Admiral , too . Why ? Two days ago , she asked me for a large quantity of an experimental medication . When I asked her why she needed it , she said it was classified . Then you shouldn 't be telling me about it , should you ? I spoke to Director Okaro at Starfleet Intelligence . He assured me that the Admiral hasn 't been involved in any classified work since she began teaching at the Academy . You know how sneaky these intelligence people can be . Maybe he was just trying to throw you off . Maybe ... but still ... she 's been talking for months about how excited she is to be teaching with you . Then , just as the semester begins , she goes away ... without even telling you where . Don 't you find that a little strange ? I ... I 'm sure that there is a perfectly reasonable explanation , Doctor . I 'm sorry , I have some ... papers to grade . You 're stammering , Reg . So ? ! I haven 't heard you do that in years . I think you do know where she is . She is one of the most decorated officers in all of Starfleet history . I 'm ... I 'm ... sure she can take care of herself . You wouldn 't be saying that unless she was doing something dangerous . You are putting words in my mouth . Tell me where she is , Reg . Welcome to the House of Korath , Admiral . I love what he 's done with the place . What was that about ? He said your demeanor was disrespectful . I hope you told him I didn 't mean to be rude . I told him if he didn 't show you more respect , I would break his arm . You are your mother 's daughter . Korath is waiting . We should go in . Sorry , but this is where we part ways . Excuse me ? You 're dismissed , Ensign . Admiral , I really think that ... I can take care of myself . With all due respect , I 've been working on this for six months , and ... And you 've done an exemplary job , but it 's over . Understood ? Yes , ma 'am . I happen to know your parents are anxious to spend some time with you . Take a few days ' leave . Go and see them . A Cardassian disruptor . I 've modified it to emit a nadion pulse . Impressive , but that 's not what I 've come for . No . You 've come for something far more dangerous . Where is it ? Somewhere safe . I went to a great deal of trouble to get you your seat on the High Council . Now give me what you promised . I 've scanned your shuttle . It appears you 've made some ... interesting modifications . Your shields generator is of particular interest . It 's not for sale . Then what you want isn 't available , either . We had an agreement . Show the Admiral out . Maybe Chell should add " Nebula Soup " to his menu . Shields . Holding . Bridge to Astrometrics . Go ahead . Any more data on those neutrino emissions ? Negative , Captain . I still can 't get a clear scan . Distance to the center ? Six million kilometers . What is it ? I 'm detecting a tritanium signature , bearing 342 mark 55 . Whatever it is , it 's too close . Evasive maneuvers . Was it a ship ? Possibly . Another tritanium signature right on top of us . Tom ! Get us out of here now . Vessel identified : USS Voyager . We will pursue and assimilate . No , they haven 't compromised our security . Let the vessel continue ... for now . I 'll keep an eye on them . There 's no evidence that the cube detected us . Where is it now ? Approximately three light-years away . How could they not have seen us ? We came within ten meters of their hull . The Borg wouldn 't knowingly risk a collision . The radiation must 've interfered with their sensors as well . If they can 't detect us , we should go back . I wouldn 't recommend it . My analysis of the tritanium signature suggests there were at least 47 Borg vessels inside the nebula . We can 't just give up on those wormholes . Oh , yes , we can . What if we try to modify ... ? Sorry , Mr. Kim . You may be the Captain someday , but not today . Tom . What are you doing when your shift ends ? Uh , no plans . Why ? Uh , I 've been thinking . You and I should have some fun . One last adventure before you get too busy being a father . Did you reserve some holodeck time ? I got a better idea . This is your idea of fun ? It 'll work ; we just need to make a few modifications to the Flyer . We might as well just hand it over to the Borg . How could that happen with the best pilot in the Quadrant at the helm ? Nice try . If we go to the Captain together , she 'll be much more likely to approve my plan . I don 't want her to approve it . Where 's your sense of adventure ? I left it in that nebula , and I 'm not going back for it . Don 't you want to find a way home ? I am home , Harry . Captain Proton would never walk away from a mission like this . Captain Proton doesn 't have a wife and a baby on the way . If you 're here for my daily report , it 's not complete . Actually ... I 'm here in an unofficial capacity . I was wondering if you 'd like to get together again . To do what ? Well , that all depends on your research . Would a quiet dinner be an appropriate fourth date ? Hmm , I believe it would be a more suitable fifth date . I 'm willing to skip ahead if you are . You 're fine , aside from some minor inflammation around your biradial clamp . Let me know if it starts to bother you . Is there something else ? Do you remember three months ago , when my cortical node shut down ? How could I forget ? You said it might be possible to remove the fail-safe device that was causing the problem . Has it been giving you trouble again ? No , but I 've reconsidered your offer to extract it . I 've been hoping you would . You said it would require several surgeries . Actually , in anticipation of your change of heart , I 've been studying the problem in more detail . I now believe I can reconfigure the microcircuitry with a single procedure . You 'll be free to experience the full range of emotions- - everything from a hearty belly laugh to a good cry . How soon can you do it ? Today , if you 'd like . My shift ends at 1800 hours . It 's a date . Speaking of dates ... once the fail-safe is gone , you 'll be free to pursue more intimate relationships . I 'm aware of that . If you decide you need help with that aspect of your humanity ... I 'm always at your disposal . I appreciate that . Really ? Yes ... but I already have all the help I need . Ah ... of course . You 'll undoubtedly be running more simulations with the Chakotay hologram . No , actually . I 'll see you at 1800 hours . mak-taH hoon ... Janeway , ghuy 'cha . I 've reconsidered your offer . I thought you might . I 'll give you the shield emitter , but not until I 've inspected the device you 're offering ... to make sure it 's genuine . You question my honor ? ! If you were honorable , you wouldn 't have changed the terms of our agreement . Show it to me , or I 'm leaving . This will do just fine . Stop her ! Computer , deploy armor . Lay in a course for these coordinates . What do you want ? You 'll pay for your deceit , ghuy 'cha ! And the house of Korath won 't rest until you 've drowned in your own blood ! I 'd love to stay and chat , but I 'm on a tight schedule . Computer , warp 6 . Approaching designated coordinates . All stop . Warning . Vessel approaching , vector 121 mark six . Harry . And people are always saying that space is so big . Lower your shields , Admiral . Prepare for transport . I 'm taking you into custody . You have no grounds to take me into custody , Captain . Reg told the Doctor everything , and the Doctor told me . Now , please , Admiral , stand down . On one condition- - you let me explain why I 'm doing this . You have no idea what the consequences would be . I know what the consequences are if we do nothing . So do you . I have a chance to change all that . If Starfleet Command knew what you were trying to do ... You haven 't told them ? The Doctor and I decided to keep things in the family . What about your crew ? I told them I needed to take you back to Starfleet Medical because you 'd contracted a rare disease . I hope it isn 't terminal . No ... but it has been known to affect judgment . I know what I 'm doing , Harry . Do you ? Can you say with absolute certainty that it 'll work ? Because if you can 't ... Even if it weren 't a violation of every rule in the book , it would still be far too risky . What ? I 'm remembering a young Ensign who wanted to fly into a Borg-infested nebula , just to explore the remote possibility that we might find a way home . If I remember correctly , you stopped me . We didn 't know then what we know now . Our technology may have advanced , but ... I 'm not talking about technology . I 'm talking about people- - people who weren 't as lucky as you and me . You said you and the Doctor wanted to " keep things in the family . " But our family 's not complete anymore , is it ? I 'm asking you to trust my judgment , Harry ... one last time . Am I early ? No , you 're right on time . Something wrong with the door ? I didn 't think it would be discreet to be seen carrying flowers to the First Officer 's quarters . Your research ? I should put these in water . I 've been told that anticipation of the first kiss is often uncomfortable . I wanted to alleviate the tension . That was very considerate of you . What about the second kiss ? I 'd have to check the database . It may indicate ... Senior officers , report to the Bridge . Next time , we deactivate the com system . What is it ? Judging from the tachyon emissions , some sort of temporal rift . How 's it being generated ? That 's what we 're trying to figure out . If Starfleet Command finds out I had anything to do with this , they 'll demote me back to Ensign . You worry too much , Harry . It 's turning you gray . Propulsion 's on line . Plasma flow stable . This device of Korath 's ... it produces too much tachyokinetic energy . It could burn itself out by the time you get where you 're going . You wouldn 't be able to get back . I always assumed it was a one-way trip . You 're sure I can 't talk you out of this ? Right . Stupid question . Kim to the Rhode Island . One to beam back . Computer , activate the chrono-deflector . Deploy armor . Unable to comply . Ablative generator is off-line . Evasive pattern , Beta-6 . Open a channel to the Rhode Island . Harry , I 'm under attack . How fast can you get back here ? I 'm detecting nadion discharges on the other side of the rift . Weapons fire ? It 's possible . The signature appears to be Klingon . Red Alert . Stand by for transport , Admiral . You know where I 'm going , Harry , and it 's not to your ship . Your structural integrity is failing . Just get these Klingons off my tail . Computer , activate the tachyon pulse and direct it to these spatial and temporal coordinates . There 's a vessel coming through the rift . Klingon ? No . Federation . We 're being hailed . On screen . Recalibrate your deflector to emit an anti-tachyon pulse . You have to seal that rift . It 's usually considered polite to introduce yourself before you start giving orders . Captain , a Klingon vessel is coming through . Close the rift ! In case you didn 't notice , I outrank you , Captain . Now do it . I did what you asked . Now tell me what the hell is going on . I 've come to bring Voyager home . Welcome aboard . It 's good to be back . Fresh coffee . Would you like a cup ? No , I gave it up years ago . I only drink tea now . I told the curator at the museum that if he wanted to make the ready room more authentic , he should always keep a steaming pot of coffee on the desk . Voyager 's in a museum ? Voyager is a museum ... on the grounds of the Presidio . On a clear morning , you can see Alcatraz from here . You made it back to Earth . Unfortunately , our favorite cup took a bit of a beating along the way . It was damaged during a battle with the Fen Domar . Who ? You 'll run into them in a few years . You know what ? I shouldn 't be listening to details about the future . Oh , the almighty Temporal Prime Directive . Take my advice . It 's less of a headache if you just ignore it . You 've obviously decided to , or you wouldn 't be here . A lot 's happened to me since I was you . Well , I 'm still me , and this is still my ship , so no more talk about what 's going to happen until I decide otherwise , understood ? All right . Let 's talk about the past . Three days ago , you detected elevated neutrino emissions in a nebula in Grid 986 . You thought it might be a way home . You were right . I 've come to tell you to take Voyager back to that nebula . It was crawling with Borg . I 've brought technology that 'll get us past them . Oh , I don 't blame you for being skeptical , but if you can 't trust yourself , who can you trust ? For the sake of argument , let 's say I believe everything you 're telling me . The future you come from sounds pretty good . Voyager 's home . I 'm an Admiral . There are ways to defend against the Borg . My ready room even gets preserved for posterity . So , why would you want to tamper with such a rosy timeline ? To answer that , I 'd have to tell you more than you want to know ... but suffice it to say ... if you don 't do what I 'm suggesting , it 's going to take you another 16 years to get this ship home , and there are going to be casualties along the way . I know exactly what you 're thinking . You 've also become a telepath ? I used to be you , remember ? You 're asking yourself , " Is she really who she says she is , or is this some sort of deception ? " For all you know , I could be a member of Species 8472 in disguise . Have your people examine my shuttle . Tell them to take a close look at the weapon systems and the armor technology . In the meantime , the Doctor can confirm my identity . My scans of the Admiral 's cerebral cortex turned up something interesting . What is it ? I 'm not sure- - I 've never seen this kind of implant before . Alien technology ? The microcircuitry has a Starfleet signature . Of course it does . Admiral ? You invented it- - 12 years ago from my perspective . I 'm sorry , Admiral , I didn 't realize ... What , that I was eavesdropping ? I may be old , but my hearing 's still excellent , thanks to your exemplary care over the years . So , this ... implant I 'm going to invent- - what does it do ? It 's a synaptic transceiver . It allows me to pilot a vessel equipped with a neural interface . Fascinating . Tell me ... what other extraordinary breakthroughs - am I going to make ? - Doctor . Sorry , Captain , but you can 't blame a hologram for being curious . Just finish your report . Yes , ma 'am . My scans indicate the two of you are genetically identical . The Admiral is you , approximately 26 years from now . Hello , Seven . The technology aboard the Admiral 's ship is impressive . Much of it appears to have been designed to defend against the Borg . Could we install these systems on Voyager ? . The stealth technology is incompatible , but I believe we can adapt the armor and weapons . Well , Captain ? Do it . Captain 's Personal Log , Stardate 54973.4 . We 've begun outfitting Voyager with Admiral Janeway 's upgrades . As soon as the major modifications are complete , we 'll reverse course and head back to the nebula . Though I 've had some strange experiences in my career , nothing quite compares to the sight of my future self briefing my officers on technology that hasn 't been invented yet . Computer , begin regeneration cycle . Seven of Nine , Tertiary Adjunct of Unimatrix Zero One . It 's been too long . What do you want ? Do I need a reason to visit a friend ? We 're not friends . No ... we 're more than that . We 're family . While we 're on the subject of old friends- - I see that Voyager has just gotten a visitor , and she 's come from the future . Tell me why . You may be able to communicate with me while I 'm regenerating , but I 'm no longer a drone . I don 't answer to you . I 've extrapolated Voyager 's trajectory . I know that you 're returning to the nebula . I suggest you alter course . Why should we comply ? You 've always been my favorite , Seven . In spite of their obvious imperfections , I know how much you care for the Voyager crew ... so I 've left them alone . Imagine ... how you would feel if I were forced to assimilate them . Voyager is no threat to the collective . We simply want to return to the Alpha Quadrant . I 've no objection to that ... but if you try to enter my nebula again ... I 'll destroy you . Warning . Regeneration cycle incomplete . Her cortical node was exposed to a low-energy EM surge . It could 've been much worse . It was the Borg Queen . She wanted to make sure I 'd be able to deliver a message . She said she 'd assimilate Voyager if we attempted to reenter the nebula . Why is it so important to her ? That doesn 't matter . She 's not going to be able to make good on her threat . I wish I shared your confidence . You would , if you 'd had as much experience with the Queen as I 've had . It was one thing to attempt this when we thought it was a secret , but if the Borg are monitoring us ... There 's no guarantee they won 't try to assimilate Voyager even if we don 't go back into the nebula . Is that supposed to be reassuring ? I 'm not saying the Borg aren 't dangerous , but from my perspective , they 're 30 years behind the times . We shouldn 't push our luck . Luck 's not going to have anything to do with it . I know- - you don 't want to hear too much about the future , but let 's just say I ran into the Borg a few more times before I made it home . If I hadn 't developed technology and tactics that could defeat them , I wouldn 't be standing here today . We 'll maintain course for the nebula , but we 'll stay at Red Alert , and I want continuous scans for Borg activity . I heard what happened . Are you all right ? I 'm fine . Because if you need time to rest ... I am in charge of the duty roster . It would be inappropriate to allow our personal relationship to affect your command decisions . You 're right . This is a time to keep things professional . Report . There 's no sign of Borg activity within a ten light-year radius . That 's good news , crewman . Yes , sir , but we shouldn 't underestimate the collective . The Admiral seems confident we can make it past them . Captain Janeway is more cautious . Our chances would be good with one Kathryn Janeway on the Bridge , but with two ... I 'd bet on this ship any day . If we do make it back to Earth , what are your plans ? I assume Starfleet will want to debrief me . And then , I suppose , I 'll attempt to find a useful position somewhere . You ? I don 't know yet , either . But wherever I end up ... I 'm going to make sure it 's in transporter range of you . I don 't want this whole system crashing because of one faulty relay . - Install new ones . - Yes , ma 'am . And I need an update on the inductor capacitance . - B 'Elanna . - Yes , Lieutenant . Shouldn 't you be on the Bridge ? Is there something wrong with the pilot requesting a systems report from the Chief Engineer ? The last report I got said the com system was working perfectly . Okay , you caught me . I 'm checking up on you . I 'm fine . Your back ? I 'm ignoring it . Well , I would offer to give you a massage , but then ... everybody would want one . You know , for a Starfleet flyboy , you 're pretty sweet . So , how 's it going ? This armor technology that the Admiral brought- - it 's incredible . I hate to sound like Harry , but we might actually make it this time . Well , you don 't seem too happy about that . Oh , I 'm happy . It 's just that I 'd actually gotten used to the idea of raising our daughter on Voyager , and now I might end up delivering her at Starfleet Medical instead of Sick Bay . Well , that wouldn 't be so bad , would it ? Not as long as you 're with me ... and I want the Doctor . I don 't want some stranger . You would have to take him off-line to keep him away . If we do make it home ... where do you think we 'll live ? Well , we could always stay with my parents for a while . You 're right . Bad idea . Of course , it probably doesn 't matter to you anyway . You flyboys are all the same . You 'll probably take the first piloting assignment that comes along and leave me home to change the diapers . Not a chance . Bridge to Engineering . Go ahead , Captain . Deploy armor . Yes , ma 'am . Armor integrity at 97 percent . Tuvok ? Integrity holding at 90 percent . Maintain course . They 're looking for ways to adapt . Port armor integrity down to 50 percent . 40 percent . Mr. Paris , attack pattern Alpha-1 . Target the lead cube and fire transphasic torpedoes . Target the second cube . Distance to the center ? Less than 100,000 kilometers . What the hell is it ? Mr. Paris , alter course to enter the aperture at coordinates 346 by 42 . Belay that . I asked you a question . What is it ? The road home . It 's more than that . It 's a transwarp hub . You once told me there were only six of them in the galaxy . That 's correct . You knew this was here , but you didn 't tell me about it . - Why ? - I 'll answer all your questions once we 're back in the Alpha Quadrant . Take us out - of the nebula . - Captain ? You heard me . I gave you an order , Lieutenant- - proceed to the aperture . This is my Bridge , Admiral , and I 'll have you removed , if necessary . Take us out . Aye , Captain . This hub connects with thousands of transwarp conduits with end points in all four Quadrants . It allows the collective to deploy vessels almost anywhere in the galaxy within minutes . Of all the Borg 's tactical advantages , this could be the most significant . It 's no wonder the Queen didn 't want us in that nebula . So , how do we destroy it ? The structure is supported by a series of interspatial manifolds . If we could disable enough of them , theoretically , the hub would collapse . This is a waste of time . The shielding for those manifolds is regulated from the central nexus by the Queen herself . You might be able to damage one of them maybe two , but by the time you moved onto the third , she 'd adapt . There may be a way to bring them down simultaneously . From where , inside the hub ? Voyager would be crushed like a bug . What about taking the conduit back to the Alpha Quadrant and then destroying the structure from the other side ? This hub is here . There 's nothing in the Alpha Quadrant but exit apertures . While you 're all standing around dreaming up fantasy tactical scenarios , the Queen is studying her scans of our armor and weapons and she 's probably got the entire collective working on a way to counter them . So , take the ship back into that nebula , and go home before it 's too late . Find a way to destroy that hub . Let 's take a walk . I want to know why you didn 't tell me about this . Because I remember how stubborn and self-righteous I used to be . I figured you might try to do something stupid . We have an opportunity to deal a crippling blow to the Borg . It could save millions of lives . I didn 't spend the last ten years looking for a way to get this crew home earlier so you could throw it all away on some intergalactic goodwill mission . Maybe we should go back to Sick Bay . Why , so you can have me sedated ? So I can have the Doctor reconfirm your identity . I refuse to believe I 'll ever become as cynical as you . Am I the only one experiencing déjá vu here ? What are you talking about ? Seven years ago , you had the chance to use the Caretaker 's Array to get Voyager home . Instead , you destroyed it . I did what I knew was right . You chose to put the lives of strangers ahead of the lives of your crew . You can 't make the same mistake again . You got Voyager home , which means I will , too . If it takes a few more years , then that 's ... Seven of Nine is going to die . What ? Three years from now . She 'll be injured on an away mission . She 'll make it back to Voyager and die in the arms of her husband . Husband ? Chakotay . He 'll never be the same after Seven 's death , and neither will you . If I know what 's going to happen , I can avoid it . Seven isn 't the only one . Between this day and the day I got Voyager home , I lost 22 crew members . And then , of course , there 's Tuvok . What about him ? You 're forgetting the Temporal Prime Directive , Captain . The hell with it . Fine . Tuvok has a degenerative neurological condition that he hasn 't told you about . There 's a cure in the Alpha Quadrant , but if he doesn 't get it in time ... Even if you alter Voyager 's route , limit your contact with alien species , you 're going to lose people . But I 'm offering you a chance to get all of them home safe and sound , today . Are you really going to walk away from that ? Your concern is appreciated , Captain , but premature . It will be several years before the symptoms become serious . Until then , the Doctor can manage my condition with medication . Is it true , what the Admiral said- - that there 's a cure in the Alpha Quadrant ? It is called a fal-tor-voh and it requires a mind-meld with another Vulcan . What about the other Vulcans on Voyager ? . None of them are compatible . But members of your family are . If you knew that returning to the Alpha Quadrant was your only chance for recovery ... why didn 't you object when I asked you to help find a way to destroy the hub ? My sense of logic isn 't impaired yet . If we succeed , millions of lives will be saved . What about your life ? To quote Ambassador Spock : " The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . " I appreciate your candor , Admiral . But Captain Janeway is my commanding officer . I won 't disobey her . I 'm not asking you to . I simply want you to tell her that , in your opinion , destroying the hub is too risky , the cost too high . I can 't do that . Even if it means avoiding the consequences I mentioned ? Now that I know about those consequences , they 're no longer a certainty . But even if they were , my death would be a small price to pay for the destruction of the transwarp network . I have known you for a long time , Seven- - longer than you 've known yourself . You 're thinking that collapsing the network is an opportunity to atone for atrocities you participated in while you were a drone . It 's time to let go of the past and start thinking about your future . My future is insignificant compared to the lives of the people we 'd be saving . You 're being selfish . Selfish ? ! I 'm talking about helping others . Strangers ... in a hypothetical scenario . I 'm talking about real life- - your colleagues , your friends ... people who love you . Imagine the impact your death would have on them . Excuse me , Admiral . I have work to complete . Once inside , we 'd fire a spread of transphasic torpedoes . They 'd be programmed to detonate simultaneously . If the torpedoes penetrate the shielding , the conduits should begin to collapse in a cascade reaction . In order to avoid the shock wave , we 'd have less than ten seconds to exit the hub . A long time ago , I made a decision that stranded this crew in the Delta Quadrant . I don 't regret that decision , but I didn 't know all of you then , and Voyager was just a starship . It 's much more than that now . It 's become our home . I know I could order you to carry out this plan and none of you would hesitate for a second , but I 'm not going to do that . You know the crewmen who work under you and you know what your own hearts are telling you . So we 're not going to attempt this unless everyone in this room agrees . No one will think less of you if you don 't . Captain . Go ahead , Harry . I think it 's safe to say that no one on this crew has been more ... obsessed with getting home than I have . But ... when I think about everything we 've been through together maybe it 's not the destination that matters- - maybe it 's the journey . And if that journey takes a little longer , so we can do something we all believe in , I can 't think of anyplace I 'd rather be or any people I 'd rather be with . To the journey . Hear , hear . To the journey . Coffee . Black . I thought you gave it up . I 've decided to revive a few of my old habits . Oh ? What else besides the coffee ? Oh , well ... I used to be much more idealistic . I took a lot of risks . I 've been so determined to get this crew home for so many years ... that I think I forgot how much they loved being together and how loyal they were to you . It 's taken me a few days to realize it . This is your ship , your crew- - not mine . I was wrong to lie to you , to think I could talk you out of something you 'd set your mind to . You were only trying to do what you thought was right for all of us . Well , you 've changed my mind about that . And I 'd like to help you carry out your mission . Maybe together we can increase our odds . Maybe we can do more than that . There 's got to be a way to have our cake and eat it , too . We can 't destroy the hub and get Voyager home . Are you absolutely sure about that ? There might be a way . I considered it once , but it seemed too risky . That was before you decided to revive your old habits . I don 't know why I ever gave this up . It 's about time . I 'm not getting any younger , you know . You 're sure you want to do this ? No ... but Voyager isn 't big enough for both of us . Good luck , Admiral . You , too . Captain ... I 'm glad I got to know you again . Any word from the Admiral ? We lost contact as soon as she entered the hub . Did the Borg give her any trouble ? Her vessel was scanned by several cubes , but none approached her ... sir . Are we keeping things professional again today ? Yes , Commander . You 're not joking , are you ? No . What 's wrong ? Nothing . I 'm just ... busy . I think I 've gotten to know you a little better than that . I 'd prefer it if you didn 't speak to me as though we 're on intimate terms . We are on intimate terms . Not anymore . What the hell is going on ? I 've decided to alter the parameters of our relationship . You mind telling me why ? We both have dangerous occupations . It 's possible one of us could be seriously injured or worse . I believe it 's best to avoid emotional attachments . Maybe you can just flip some Borg switch and shut down your emotions , but I can 't . I suggest you try . It will make things less difficult for you if any harm should come to me . Why are you suddenly so concerned about that ? Is there something I should know ? The Admiral suggested ... that your feelings for me will cause you pain in the future . I can 't allow that to happen . Seven ... any relationship involves risk and nobody can guarantee what 's going to happen tomorrow ... not even an Admiral from the future . The only certainty is how we feel about each other here and now . If you think I 'm going to let you end this because of what might happen ... then you need to get to know me a little better . Try to relax , Lieutenant . Oh , if you tell me to relax one more time I 'm going to rip your holographic head off ! I hope you don 't intend to kiss your baby with that mouth . Tell me this isn 't another false alarm . This isn 't another false alarm . I can 't believe it . Oh , believe it . I might actually win . What ? The baby pool . I picked today , 1500 hours . I 'm so glad I could accommodate you . Don 't celebrate yet . Klingon labor sometimes lasts several days . Of course I 'm sure that won 't be the case here . Bridge to Lieutenant Paris . We 're ready to get underway . Captain , I 'm afraid ... Go . - But ... - No " buts , " flyboy . If this mission is going to succeed , we need our best pilot at the helm . Don 't worry ... the Doctor will be here with me . Is there a problem , Mr. Paris ? On my way , Captain . Let 's get this show on the road . Voyager has altered course . Current position , spatial grid 362 . Trajectory 1 12 mark 5 . I don 't know how you do it . All those voices talking at once . You must get terrible headaches . If you 're calling drones to assimilate me , don 't bother . I don 't need drones to assimilate you . I 'm not actually here , Your Majesty . I 'm in your mind . I 'm using a synaptic interface . If I were you , I wouldn 't waste my time trying to trace the signal . For the moment , it 's beyond your abilities . What do you want ? To make a deal . Captain Janeway thinks I 'm here to help her destroy your transwarp network . That 's beyond your abilities . Oh , I know that , and I tried to explain it to my naive younger self , but she wouldn 't listen . She 's determined to bring down that hub . She 'll fail . Yes . But she has weapons that I brought from the future . I believe you 're familiar with them . Transphasic torpedoes . We will adapt . Eventually ... but not before Voyager does a great deal of damage . I 'm willing to tell you how to adapt to those weapons now . In exchange ... for what ? Send a cube to tractor Voyager ... and drag them back to the Alpha Quadrant . You 're asking me to believe that the incorruptible Kathryn Janeway would betray her own crew ? Not betray them . Save them from themselves . I brought technology to help Voyager get home . but the Captain 's arrogant , self-righteous , and her officers are so blinded by loyalty that they 're prepared to sacrifice their lives just to deal a crippling blow to the Borg . But you 'd never try to harm us . I 've become a pragmatist in my old age . All I want is to get that crew back to their families . You wish to ensure the well-being of your collective . I can appreciate that . I 'll help you . But it 'll cost more than you 're offering . What do you want ? Your vessel and its database . I told you , I 'll show you how to adapt to their torpedoes . Insufficient . If I let you assimilate technology from the future there 's no telling how events would be altered . You 're willing to alter the future by getting Voyager home now . Oh , yes , but there 's a difference . Do what all good pragmatists do , Admiral . Compromise . All right . I 'll give you the shuttle ... .. after Voyager arrives safely in the Alpha Quadrant . You 've already lied to your younger self . How do I know you 're not lying to me ? I guess you 'll just have to trust me . That won 't be necessary . You underestimate me , Admiral . While we 've been talking , my drones have triangulated your signal . Computer , deactivate the interface . Deploy armor . Very clever . Hiding right on my doorstep . Were you planning to attack us from inside the Unicomplex ? Not feeling talkative ? You and I don 't need words to understand each other . Take us in . Aye , Captain . Voyager has entered aperture 823 . Access transwarp corridor zero-nine . Redirect vessels to intercept at subjunct corridor nine ... Must be something you assimilated . What have you done ? I thought we didn 't need words to understand each other . You 've infected us ... with a neurolytic pathogen . Just enough ... to bring chaos to order . The Admiral succeeded , Captain . The conduit 's shielding is destabilizing . Now , Mr. Tuvok . Voyager will be destroyed . They 're ahead of the shock wave . They 'll survive . Captain Janeway and I made sure of that . It 's you who underestimated us . Sphere 634 . They can still hear my thoughts . I may have assimilated your pathogen but I also assimilated your armor technology . Captain Janeway is about to die . If she has no future , you will never exist , and nothing that you 've done here today will happen . What the hell is it ? A transwarp aperture . It 's less than a light-year from Earth . How many Borg vessels ? We can 't get a clear reading , but the graviton emissions are off the scale . I want every ship in range to converge on those coordinates now . Yes , Admiral . Aft armor is down to six percent . Hull breaches on Decks 6 through 12 . I can 't stay ahead of them , Captain . The armor is failing . Where 's the nearest aperture ? Approximately 30 seconds ahead , but it leads back to the Delta Quadrant . Mr. Paris , prepare to adjust your heading . Yes , ma 'am . We 've got 18 ships in position . Nine more on the way . Open a channel . Open , sir . This is Admiral Paris . Use all necessary force . I repeat , all necessary force . Sir , there 's a vessel coming through . Mr. Paris , what 's our position ? Right where we expected to be . The transwarp network has been obliterated , Captain . We 'll celebrate later . Mr. Tuvok ... Cease fire ! We did it . We 're being hailed . On screen . Sorry to surprise you . Next time , we 'll call ahead . Welcome back . It 's good to be here . How did you ... ? It 'll all be in my report , sir . I look forward to it . Thanks for your help , Admiral Janeway . Sick Bay to the Bridge . Doctor to Lieutenant Paris . There 's someone here who 'd like to say hello . You better get down there , Tom . Yes , ma 'am . Mr. Chakotay ... the helm . Aye , Captain . Set a course ... for home .
