 A real beauty , ain 't she ? Yes , sir . Tell you what . You buy this ship , treat her proper ... she 'll be with you for the rest of your life . Well ? You paid money for this , sir ? On purpose ? Wha - Come on , seriously , Zoe , what do you think ? Honestly , sir ? I think you got robbed Robbed ? Wha - What do you mean ? - It 's a piece of fei-oo . - Fei-oo ? Uh , okay , she won 't be winning any beauty contests anytime soon but she is solid . Ship like this , be with you till the day you die - Because it 's a death trap - That 's not - You are very much lacking in imagination - I imagine that 's so , sir - Come on You haven 't even seen most of it Let me show you the rest , and try to see past what she is - and on to what she can be - What 's that , sir ? - Freedom is what - I meant what 's that ? Oh Yeah , just step around that I think something must have been living in here I tell you , Zoe , we get a mechanic , get her up and running again ... hire a good pilot , maybe a cook - Live like real people A small crew - They must feel the need to be free Take jobs as they come They never have to be under the heel of nobody ever again No matter how long the arm of the Alliance might get ... we 'll just get ourselves a little further - " Get her running again " ? - Yeah - So not running now ? - Not so much - Ah - But she will I already know what I 'm gonna call her Got a name all picked out ? Take my love , take my land ? ? Take me where I cannot stand ? ? I don 't care , I 'm still free ? ? You can 't take the sky from me ? ? Take me out to the black ? ? Tell them I ain 't comin 'back ? ? Burn the land and boil the sea ? ? You can 't take the sky from me ? ? There 's no place I can be ? ? Since I 've found serenity ? ? But you can 't take the sky from me ? No ! That is not true . No ! I swear it is . Surely one of you must have told him . No ! Not one of the brethren had the heart to say anything He was so proud ! Of what ? What was he proud of ? Who he ? Looked rather natty , truth be told , you know - What was natty ? I wanna hear about the natty thing - Ah Shepherd Book was just tellin 'us funny stories ... about his life at the monastery Monastic humor I miss out on all the fun And all the food too , apparently Just who do you think you 're married to , hmm ? - Voilà ! - I love my wife - So we got a course set ? - We do Took a little creative navigating , but we should make it all the way to Greenleaf without running afoul of any Alliance patrols . - Or a single living soul , for that matter - Good . Way it should be . Course , what should be an 18-hour trip 's gonna take us ... the better part of a week by this route Oh , we 're in no rush . I like an easy , languorous journey . Oh , gee , I wonder what that would be like . Let me help you with that - It 's your turn - My turn ? Well , Shepherd told us a funny story about being a preacher Now you tell us a funny story about being a doctor Oh , a funny story Yeah , ' cause sick people are " high-larious " Well , they - they can be Uh - Well , uh , in-in fact , I-I remember this time ... Uh , I was working the ER , and this , uh , this , uh this fellow - this , uh , you know , upright sort of citizen ... he-he comes in and he 's , you know , complaining about - Uh , Inara , she 's gotta have some funny whorin ' stories , I 'd wager Oh , do I ever Funny and sexy You have no idea And you never will I don 't discuss my clients Aw , come on , Inara Who 'd know ? You A Companion doesn 't kiss and tell So there is kissin ' ? Hey , Doc , uh , I think Kaylee may need your help after all . Care to make the first incision , Dr Tam ? Happy Birthday , Simon - Whoo ! - This is , uh - How did - How 'd you know ? - River , did you ? - " Day " is a vestigial mode of time measurement based on solar cycles It 's not applicable . I didn 't get you anything . Seems a fresh warrant for your arrest came up over the cortex . Had your birth date attached right to it - Really ? - I hope you like it . Couldn 't get ahold of no flour , so it 's mostly protein In fact , it 's pretty much what wejust had for dinner . But I tried to get ... the frosting as chocolatey-tasting as possible , so - Thank you - I 'm really , I 'm very - very deeply moved . Thank you . - Well ... deeply move yourself to blow out them candles , so we can try a slice Come on , Doc . Give a good blow . What the hell was that ? Maybejust a hiccup . I 'll go check it out . - I 'll take a look at the helm - Fire Okay , right Okay , right - Zoe ! - Fire ! Fire ! Zoe , baby . You 've got to talk to me , baby . Seal off everything that leads below decks ! Do it now ! - She gonna be okay ? - I need my med kit Not this way . We 've got fire . - Where do you think you 're going ? - Zoe 's been badly hurt - I need my medical supplies - Sorry , Doc , nobody leaves - Everything 's sealed up tight - If you don 't let me through , she could die I let you through , we all die - It 's okay You 're gonna be - - She 's going into shock - I need to bring her vitals back up - How bad is it ? - She gonna be all right ? - There 's no sign of burning It must be internal - I 'll have to do a scan - Baby Zoe , can you hear me ? Zoe Come on , sweetheart Zoe Come on , talk , baby Look at me , sweet - Kaylee Kaylee , look at me I need you up in the engine room figuring ' out what caused this She ain 't movin - Serenity 's not movin - I know it Which is why we need to suss out what it was happened , so we can get her goin ' again , right ? - Think you can do that ? - Yes , Captain That 's a good girl Come on , baby You 're strong , strongest person I ever met - You can do this ! - She gonna make it ? - Please . I need to work . - Wash Wash , I need you on the bridge . - Zoe 's hurt - And the doctor is gonna do everything he can Meantime , I got to have you on the bridge . We need to know how bad it is . How bad ? It 's bad , okay , sir ? My wife may be dying here , so my feeling is it 's pretty damn bad - Wash - - I 'm not leaving her side , Mal ! Don 't ask me again I wasn 't askin' I was tellin You 're gonna get to that bridge , and you 're gonna get us back on our feet Yeah . This is all very doable . Shouldn 't be a problem at all A few modifications Get some real maneuverability out of this boat - You 'll be surprised - So you 'll take the job then ? Might do , might do Think I 'm startin ' to get a feel here Good Well , take your time Make yourself at home just , uh , fiddle around with the dials there We 'll be nearby - Great , ain 't he ? - I don 't like him - What ? - Just somethin ' about him bothers me - What ? What about him bothers you ? - I 'm not sure - It 's somethin - Well , your " somethin " ' comes up against a list of recommendations as long as my leg Tanaka raves about this guy Renshaw 's been tryin to get him on his crew for a month - And we need us a pilot - I understand , sir He bothers me Look , we finally got ourselves a genius mechanic It 's about time we hired someone to fly this damn thing " Genius " ? No one 's ever called me that before . Shiny He just bothers me Her heart stopped Maybe someone should get her husband . No What do you need , Doc ? Uh , that drawer Right there - That 's the one . - What is it ? Pure adrenaline Cap ? Is Zoe gonna be okay ? You let the doctor worry about Zoe Come on Tell me what you know Catalyzer on the port compression coil blew It 's where the trouble started Okay , I need that in captain dummy-talk , Kaylee - We 're dead in the water - Can you fix it ? - I could try - Ju - Just get us to limping ' That 's all I need - What ? What is it ? - Well , it 's worse than just the coil How can it be worse ? Main life support 's down on account of the engine being dead - Right But we got auxiliary life support - No , we don 't Ain 't even on Explosion must 've knocked it out - So what are we breathing ' ? - Whatever got pumped into the atmo before the explosion shut it all down Most of that oxygen got ate up by the fire on its way out the door . - Well , whatever 's left is what we got - How long ? A couple of hours , maybe We 'll start to feel it and then we won 't feel nothin 'at all . How is she ? She 's still unconscious but her vitals are strong She won 't know it , but as long as her condition remains like this , she 'll outlive us all She 's using less oxygen I always thought the name ... Serenity had a vaguely funereal sound to it I love this ship I have from the first moment I saw it I just don 't want to die on it I don 't want to die at all Suffocation 's not exactly the most dignified way to go . The human body will - Please , I don 't really require a clinical description right now I 'm sorry I just , uh - It was my birthday Don 't be afraid . That 's what it says : " Don 't be afraid " Yes But you are afraid Yes You 're afraid we 're going to run out of air That we 'll die gasping . But we won 't That 's not going to happen We 'll freeze to death first You get that beacon sent ? - Yeah , it 's sent - Good - Pointless - - What was that ? Nothing , sir It 's a brilliant plan I 'm sure we 'll all be saved I 'm getting a little weary of this attitude , Wash Are you ? Well , I 'm so very sorry , sir I guess the news that we 're all gonna be purple and bloated and fetal in a few hours - has made me a little snippy - It 's possible someone might pick up that signal No , Mal , it 's not possible No one 's gonna pick up the damn signal You wanted us flying under the radar , remember ? Well , that 's where we are - Out of range of anyone or anything - Then make it go further - I - What ? - Make the signal go further - I can 't make it go further - Not if you sit around here and whinge about it , no - What do you expect me to do ? - Whatever you have to And if you can 't do it from here here , then get a suit on and go outside and - - And what ? Wave my arms around ? - Wave your arms around jump up and down Divert the navsats to the transmitter - Whatever - Divert the - Right ! Because teenage pranks are fun when you 're about to die - It 'd give the beacon a boost , wouldn 't it ? - Yes , Mal It would boost the signal But even if some passerby did happen to receive - all it would do is muck up their navigation - Could be that 's true Damn right it 's true ! They 'd be forced to stop and dig out our signal before they could even go anyplace - Well , maybe I should do that then ! - Maybe you should ! - Okay ! - Good ! - Fine ! - Hey ! What do you two think you 're doin ' ? Fightin ' at a time like this You 'll use up all the air Life support failure . Check oxygen levels at once . Life support failure . Check oxygen levels at once . Bester ? What 's this I hear about yet another delay ? Supposed to have this engine fixed and us up and - What in the name of - Bester ? Bester - What ? - You do realize we 've been parked on this rock - a week longer than we planned ? - Yeah But , uh , there 's - there 's stuff to do As for example that job we got waiting for us on Pacquin When we landed , you said you needed a few days to get us space-worthy again and is there something wrong with your bunk ? Why ? Oh , no , Captain She likes engines They make her hot Bester Get your prairie harpy off my boat and put us back in the air Okay , but c-can 't - What do you mean , " can 't " ? - No can do , Cap - Secondary grav boot 's shot - No it ain 't . Ain 't nothin ' wrong with your grav boot Grav boot 's just fine Hello She doesn 't - That 's not what it - No , it ain 't Sure it is ! Grav boot ain 't your trouble . I seen the trouble plain as day when I was down there on my back before Your reg couple 's bad The red - The what ? The reg couple Right here See ? - No - This . I 'm pointing ' right at it - Hey ! - Here Hand me that , will you ? Don 't serve much of a purpose anyway just tends to gum up the works when it gets tacked So I figure why even have one ? Better to just take your G-line plug it straight into the port pin-lock ... and that should , uh - There ! - What 'd you do ? - She fixed it - Well , it wasn 't really broke - Where 'd you learn how to do that , miss ? just do it , that 's all My daddy says I got natural talent - I 'll say you do at that . - Don 't we need this ? - You work for your daddy ? - Well , when he got work Which ain 't too often lately You got much experience with a vessel like this ? I never even been up in one before - Wanna ? - You mean - - Sure - For how long ? Long as you like . Long as you can keep her in the sky . - You offering me a job ? - Wh-What ? - Believe I just did - I just gotta ask my folks Don 't leave without me Mal ! What do you need two mechanics for ? I really don 't Kaylee ? Kaylee , what 're you doing ? I 'm sorry , Captain I 'm real sorry I should 've kept better care of her Usually she lets me know when somethin 's wrong Maybe she did . I just wasn 't paying 'attention or - Kaylee , I cannot be having this from you right now We got work to do Dong ma ? Catalyzer 's broke Gonna need a new one There is no new one You gotta make do with what you got - It 's broke - Come on This the part ? It don 't hardly seem like nothin All right Where 's it go ? Here But it don 't fit no more Well , you gotta figure a way to make it fit Sometimes a thing gets broke , can 't be fixed Without this , engine don 't turn ? Engine don 't turn Life support won 't function We don 't breathe You wanna keep breathin ' , don 't you ? So do I Life support failure . Check oxygen levels at once . - Life support failure . Check oxygen levels at once . Well , as you 're all keenly aware we 've run into a bit of a situation Engine 's down , life support 's on the fritz , and I got nine people here all wanting ' to breathe Truth is ain 't got a whole lot of options at this juncture So instead of focusing on what we don 't got , time to talk about what it is we do And what we got are two shuttles - short range , won 't go far But each got heat , and they each got air . Last longer than what 's left on Serenity . - Long enough to reach someplace ? - No So , where will we go then ? Far as you can get We send both shuttles off in opposite directions - betters the chances of someone getting seen , maybe picked up . Shepherd Book , Kaylee , Jayne you 'll ride with Inara in her shuttle . Doc , you and your sis will ride with Wash and Zoe , seeing as how Zoe still needs some doctorin' - What about you ? - Four people per shuttle That 's the arrangement Evens the odds I 'm staying with Serenity . - Captain - - We sent out a beacon Even managed to boost it a little If by some chance we get a response , someone 's gonna have to be here to answer Let 's get those shuttles prepped Wash , shuttles are that way I know But like you said , someone might answer the beacon And when they do , I want to make sure that you can call everyone back . Won 't take but a minute . Jayne , you get shuttle number two ready . I 'll see to Inara 's . Friends , get movin Take only what you need - Mal . - If you fly smart , don 't push too hard shuttle life support should last you a good long while Mal , this isn 't the ancient sea You don 't have to go down with your ship ! She ain 't goin ' down She ain 't goin ' anywhere jayne 'll be worth something if you run into trouble but don 't trust him and don 't let him take over You 're paid up through the end of the month It 's still your ship - Mal - And as far as your security deposit goes that I might have to owe you Well , here she is - Nice , ain 't she ? - Smallish Well , not overly How much room do you really need for what you do anyway ? I got a surveyor and his wife interested in renting it They 're just waiting to hear back - What 's her range ? - Standard short . She 'll break atmo from a wide orbit ... get you where you need to go , bring you back home again She 's space-worthy , just like the rest of Serenity is No need to sound so defensive , Captain I prefer something with a few miles on it Were we to enter into this arrangement , Captain Reynolds there are a few things I would require from you - the foremost being complete autonomy The shuttle would be my home No crew member , including yourself - would be allowed entrance without my express invitation - You 'd get your privacy Andjust so we 're clear , under no circumstances will I be servicing you ... or anyone who is under your employ - I 'll post a sign - That won 't be necessary The other thing I would insist upon is some measure of assurance that when I make an appointment with a client I 'm in a position to keep that appointment So far as such assurances are possible on a vessel of this type That 's an awful lot of caveats and addendums there , miss As I stated , I just want to be clear Well , I 'll be sure to take all that into consideration while I review the applications Don 't be ridiculous You 're gonna rent this shuttle to me - Am I ? - Yes . And for one quarter less than your asking price - Is that a fact ? - It is And you figure you 'll be getting this discount - why , exactly ? - You want me You want me on your ship - Do I ? - Yes Because I can bring something that your surveyor or any of the other fish you might have on-line can 't a certain respectability - Respecta - And based on what little I 've seen of your operation ... I suspect that 's something you could use Fine Let me ask you this If you 're so respectable , why are you even here ? I mean , I 've heard tell of fancy ladies such as yourself shipping out with big luxury liners and the like , but a registered Companion on a boat like this ? - What are you running from ? - I 'm not running from anything If it 's Alliance trouble you got , you might want to consider another ship Some on board here fought for the independents The Alliance has no quarrel with me - I supported unification - Did ya ? Well , I don 't suppose you 're the only whore that did Oh , one further addendum That 's the last time you get to call me " whore " Absolutely Never again Keep everything set as low as possible . Don 't waste what you got . Let me do that You never could operate this thing And try not to talk Talking uses up air - Ain 't no need for it - Mal ! Come with us Can 't Four to a shuttle , Inara - Four - One more , you know it can 't make a difference - Not now - I 'm not leaving Serenity . Mal , you don 't have to die alone Everybody dies alone - Everything 's set and ready - Good I linked the nav systems of both shuttles into the helm here When your miracle gets here , you just pound this button once It 'll call back both shuttles Go see to your wife I went ahead and closed off all below-deck vents ... diverted what 's left to the bridge Ain 't much My advice is seal off everything tight behind you on your way back up Might buy you some time . And I prepped a suit for you It 's hanging in the foredeck - So when the time comes - - I won 't be needing it , but thanks Okay Well Firefly - Receiv - distress . Firefly Serenity - I 'm sorry for your troubles , Captain They sound many But you do understand , I can 't invite you aboard my vessel - I don 't know you - I ain 't asking ' for a ride , Captain - Just a little push is all . - Right Your mechanical trouble - Your compression coil , you say ? - It was the catalyzer Not even the coil . Catalyzer 's a nothin 'part , Captain . It 's nothin ' till you don 't got one , then it appears to be everything Well , it is possible we might have something that could do you We just come from a big salvage mission off Ita Moon - I 'd appreciate it - Trouble is ... how can I know for certain your story 's true ? Ambush could be waiting for me and my people on the other side You can plainly see my shuttles have been launched , just like I said And by now you 've scanned me You know I 've got no life support I don 't expect to see any weapons when we board And I do expect to see that engine part before I open the door I feel like maybe we can do business Check him Search the ship Start with the cockpit and work your way down - Is this what you meant by " ambush " ? - I 'm just verifying your story You find anybody on board not supposed to be , you shoot ' em I thought we were gonna be reasonable about this Reason He 's gonna talk to us about reason now Yeah That 's a joke - Which one you figure tracked us ? - The ugly one , sir Could you be more specific ? - Do we look reasonable to you ? - Well , looks can be deceiving Not as deceiving as a lowdown dirty deceiver Well said - Wasn 't that well said , Zoe ? - Had a kind of poetry to it , sir You want I should shoot ' em now , Marco ? Wait till they tell us where they put the stuff That 's a good idea Good idea Tell us where the stuff ! s at , so I can shoot ya . Point of interest Offerin ' to shoot us might not work so well as an incentive as you might imagine Anyway , we 've hidden it So , you kill us , you 'll never find it - Found you easy enough - Yeah , you did , didn 't you ? How much they payin ' you ? - Huh ? - I mean , let 's say you did kill us or didn 't , there could be torture , whatever But somehow , you found the goods What would your cut be ? Seven percent , straight off the top Seven Oh - What ? - Hmm ? Nothin' Not a thing No , I just - - Does that seem low to you ? - It does , sir - That ain 't low - Stop it ! - Seven percent 's standard - Okay - Zoe I 'm payin ' you too much - Why ? What does she get ? - Knock it off - Look , forget I said anything I 'm sure you 're treated very well You get the perks , got your own room - No ? You share a bunk ? - With that one - Really - Jayne , this ain 't funny - Yeah , I ain 't laughin You move on over to this side , we 'll not only show you where the stuff s at we 'll see to it you get your fair share . - Not no sad seven - Private room ? - Jayne ! - Your own room , full run of the kitchen - whole shot Jayne , I ain 't asking ' . ! Shut up How big a room ? Ship 's clear , Captain - You check the engine room ? - It 's like he said , catalyzer 's blown That 's all he needs You know , anything that 's worth anything is really right here in this cargo bay So you take a look around , decide what you think is fair Already decided We 're taking your ship Billy , get this plugged in jesse , call Stern over here You and him are gonna pilot this pile of go-se out ofhere . We 'll get it as far as - jesse , don 't call Stern Billy , leave the catalyzer Do as he says Take your people and go You would 've done the same We can already see I haven 't Now get the hell off my ship Life support failure . Check oxygen levels at once . Life support failure . Check oxygen levels at once . - Life support failure . Check oxygen levels at once . - Real beauty , ain 't she ? - Serenity 's not moving . - Mal , come with us . - When your miracle gets here ... - pound this button once - it 'll call back both shuttles . - Everybody dies alone . - I 'll run up and scrape up a piece . - You 'd do that for me ? I 'd do anything for you . You know that . Oh , you 're a pretty baby . I think it 's something he should see when he wakes up . - He 's seen blood before , lots of it . - Welcome back , sir I go someplace ? Very nearly - I thought we lost you - I 've been right here - Wash , you okay ? - Yeah , Mal , I 'm fine - You got a thing in your arm - Yeah ! Try not to speak You 're heavily medicated , and you lost a lot of blood I thought I ordered you all off the ship ? - I call you back ? - No , Mal , you didn 't I take full responsibility , Captain The decision saved your life - Won 't happen again , sir - Good And thanks , I 'm grateful It was my pleasure , sir Hey , we 'd have been back first , except there 's somethin ' wrong with Inara 's shuttle She done somethin 'to it , Mal . It smells funny . - I told you , that 's incense - So you say . - Hey , Captain - Hey You fixed the ship Good work - Thanks - All right . I have to insist - the captain needs to rest Yeah I think the doc might not be wrong about that one Just going to need a few - You all gonna be here when I wake up ? - We 'll be here - Good That 's good Yep . Real beauty , ain 't she ? Yes sir , a right smart purchase , this vessel I 'll tell you what You buy this ship , treat her proper she 'll be with you for the rest of your life Son ? Hey , son ! You hear a word I 've been sayin ' ? Grr ! Arrgh !
