 Come on , admit it It 's true No , I won 't , because it 's not - I use swear words , like anybody else - Oh , really ? See , I 've never heard you So when is it that you do all this cussing ? - After I go to bed , or - - I swear when it 's appropriate Simon , the whole point of swearing is that it ain 't appropriate Hey , there , Inara Heading off for some glamorous romance ? Let 's hope so See you two tomorrow Don 't let Mal get you into too much trouble while I 'm gone Bye now Have good sex What ? - Oh ! - Now , this would be a perfect time for a swear word What happened in here ? - Needed to find some tape - So you had to tear my infirmary apart ? Apparently My God You 're like a trained ape Without the training jayne I told you we 're setting down on the Canton factory settlement on Higgins 's Moon Yep That you did Canton don 't allow guns in their town Yes , sir That 's why I ain 't strapping ' one to my hip No That 's why you ain 't strapping one anywhere Oh , listen , Mal , I was in Canton a few years back I might have made me a few enemies thereabouts Enemies ? You ? No ! How can it be ? just don 't like the idea of goin ' in there empty-handed , is all Why are you still arguing what 's been decided ? Okay , Inara We 're atmospheric You are good to go Thanks , Wash Disengaging in three two , one Canton really stinks That 's what makes it such a great drop point No one comes here that doesn 't have to I vote we do this job really , really fast Kessler 's our man He 's holding the goods we 're to deliver We go in , make contact - Easy-peasy Zoe , you 're holdin ' down the fort Call ahead to Bernoulli , let him know he 'll have his merchandise end of the week - Don 't I usually stay with the ship ? - I outrank you Have fun So , this is a place where they - they make mud Yep Clay , really You 'd be surprised how many things it ends up in Serenity 's got more than a few ceramic parts in her - Really ? - Yeah - Huh - Captain , don 't you think Simon should come with us ? What ? K-Kaylee , I don 't think it 's a good - Go on , boy . See the sights . I can watch over your sister I believe we 've been developing a rapport - I-I don 't know River - - Go on I 'm a shepherd after all I should be able to keep my eye on a flock of one We 're not going that far , Doctor , and you might maybe make yourself useful Come again ? The management here don 't take too kindly to sightseers , which is why we 're posing ' as buyers There ain 't a one of us looks the part more than the good doctor I mean , the pretty fits soft hands - definitely a moneyed individual - All rich and lily-white , pasty all over - - All right ! Fine I 'll go just stop describing me You 're the boss , boss He 's the boss now ? Day keeps gettin ' better and better Area 's employees only Best be getting back to the landing unless you have business here Yes Yes , I - I 'm looking to buy some mud Well , then You 've come to the right place 'Course , we can handle any volume here We 've over 2,000 workers , mostly indentured We pay them next to nothing That way we can pass the savings directly on to you , the customer Savings Uh , excellent That 's , uh - Because as I said before , I 'm gonna - I 'm gonna be needing quite a bit of it I , uh - I 'm a buyer The best of its kind Uh , we mix it , we brick it raw right here on the premises Uh , you add the right catalyst , you kiln it proper this stuff s 10 times stronger than steel at half the weight Yes I 've heard great , uh - What happened to Simon ? Who is this diabolical master of disguise ? He 's learning - It 's , uh - - Excuse me , boss . I 'm sure the foreman has things need attending Why don 't we wander a bit , take a look at the operation ? - Then you can figure on whether we get an account here . - Yes ? Yes Yes , we 'll uh - We 'll-We 'll wander a bit Fair enough . Come and see me when you 're through . All right Let 's get to work in town , find our man Kessler , get this job done Boy 's gonna get us killed Let 's just do this deal and get His disguise isn 't half as funny as yours - Who are you supposed to be , anyway ? - You haven 't been here in years You really think you need that getup ? No one 's gonna remember you I think it 's possible they might Son of a bitch ! ? Take my love , take my land ? ? Take me where I cannot stand ? ? I don 't care , I 'm still free ? ? You can 't take the sky from me ? ? Take me out to the black ? ? Tell ' em I ain 't comin 'back ? ? Burn the land and boil the sea ? ? You can 't take the sky from me ? ? There 's no place I can be ? ? Since I found serenity ? ? But you can 't take the sky from me ? - Jayne ? - Yeah ? You wanna tell me how come there 's a statue of you here lookin 'at me like I owe him somethin ' ? - Wishin ' I could , Captain - No , seriously , Jayne You wanna tell me - Look , Mal , I got no rutting ' idea I was here a few years back , like I said pulled a second story , stole a lot of scratch from the magistrate up on the hill but things went ... way south . I had to hightail it They don 't put you on a pedestal in the town square for that Yeah , ' cept I 'm looking at some very compelling evidence says they do This must be what going mad feels like I think they captured him , though You know , captured his essence Looks sorta angry , don 't he ? That 's kinda what I meant Shift four on duty . Shift four on duty . Uh , hey I got an idea Instead of us hangin 'around playin' art critic till I get pinched by the man ... how 's about we move away from this eerie-ass piece of work and get along with our increasingly eerie-assed day , how 's that ? I don 't know This here 's a spectacle might warrant a moment 's consideration Everywhere I go , his eyes keep following me Come on , gorram it We got a job Let 's go do it , get the hell outta here I crossed the magistrate of this company town Understand ? He ain 't exactly a forgiving ' sort of guy - Magistrate Higgins , I may presume - You may But I only make the people I own use my title Mr Higgins will do fine And you can call me Inara , Mr Higgins It 's a rare pleasure , your visit to my little moon - Journey wasn 't too taxing ? - Not at all I 'm refreshed and ready Shall we begin at , say , 7 : 30 ? Perfect I have a feeling it will take all your art to deal with this particular problem Every problem , Mr. Higgins , is an opportunity in disguise . - What are we up to , sweetheart ? - Fixing your Bible I , um - What ? Your Bible 's broken Contradictions , false logistics - Doesn 't make sense . No , no Y - You can 't - So we 'll integrate non-progressional evolution theory with God 's creation of Eden Eleven inherent metaphoric parallels already there Eleven Important number Prime number One goes into the house of 11 , 11 times but always comes out one - Noah 's ark is a problem - Really ? We 'll have to call it " early quantum state phenomenon " Only way to fit 5,000 species of mammal on the same boat Give me that River , you don 't fix the Bible It 's broken It doesn 't make sense It 's not about making sense It 's about believing in something And letting that belief be real enough to change your life It 's about faith You don 't fix faith , River It fixes you You hang on to those , then . Can 't be a statue of me . No reason for it . Flies in the face of every kind of sense Won 't argue with that Mmm They call it mudder 's milk All the protein , vitamins and carbs of your grandma 's best turkey dinner plus 15 percent alcohol - It 's horrific - Worked for the Egyptians . - What 's that ? - The ancient Egyptians Back on Earth that was Not so different from the ancestral form of beer they fed the slaves to build pyramids It 's liquid bread . It kept them from starving ... and knocked them out at night , so they wouldn 't be inclined to insurrection Wow Simon , that was so historical Now , what 's a gussied-up fella like you doing in a place like this ? Shake your head , boy Your eyes are stuck Git ! - You wouldn 't be looking for Kessler ? - Just havin ' a brew - I knew a Kessler - Knew ? He was a good middleman Low-profile Didn 't filch Last week , the factory foreman and his prod crew heard he was movin contraband through town - Gave him a peck of trouble for it - What kind of peck was that ? The kind where they hacked off his hands and feet with a machete - rolled him into the bog - They peck pretty hard around here Listen My client off-world is waiting for his delivery - If the goods are gone - - Not to worry . Your man 's merchandise is here , safe in Kessler 's hiding place We just gotta figure out how to get it across town without being seen by the foreman and his prods I advise we all just lay low for a moment ? Jayne ? ? The man they call Jayne ? ? He robbed from the rich and he gave to the poor ? ? Stood up to the man and he gave him what for ? ? Our love for him now ain 't hard to explain ? ? The hero of Canton The man they call Jayne ? ? Now , Jayne saw the mudders ' backs breaking ' ? ? He saw the mudders ' laments ? ? And he saw the magistrate taking ' ? ? Every dollar and leavin ' five cents ? ? So he said You can 't do that to my people ? Uh , Jayne ? Yeah , Mal ? You got any light you 'd like to shed on this development ? ? Stole everything Boss Higgins had to steal ? No , Mal No , this must be what going mad feels like ? He stood up to the man and he gave him what for ? ? Our love for him now ain 't hard to explain ? ? The hero of Canton The man they call Jayne ? ? Now , here is what separates heroes ? ? From common folk like you and I ? ? The man they call Jayne he turned ' round his plane ? ? And let that money hit sky ? Oh , begorram , that 's where that cash went I stole that money from Higgins like that song says . Lifted me one of his hovercraft , but I got tagged by anti-aircraft started losing ' altitude , had to dump them strongboxes stay airborne Sixty thousand untraceable and I drop it right square in the middle of mud farmer central We got to go to the crappy town where I 'm a hero ? The man they call Jayne ? - Hello ? - In here , River Um - I 'm - I tore these out of your symbol and they turned into paper but I want to put them back , so - Sorry What 's that ? River ! River , come back ! Preacher , what the hell did you - Whoa Captain , now they 're off the subject of me shouldn 't we be gettin the hell out of here ? I 'd say that 's a reasonable request , given the circumstances Ruttin ' mudders There he is . jayne ! Jayne ! Jayne ! jayne ! Jayne ! Jayne ! Give me some milk Don 't you understand ? He 's come back ! It 's Jayne ! - What the - - Hero can 't and won 't be drinkin ' that He drinks the best whiskey in the house ! What the hell 's goin ' on ? Is this how people lay low where you 're from ? - Not generally , no - Listen , friend I came here to make sure a deal went down solid . Not to get chopped up by the Canton prod crew and fed to the bog I understand your concerns , friend This here 's all part of our new plan - Captain , how exactly is this part of - - Still working the details Inara , allow me to introduce my son , Fess Higgins Hello , Fess . Mr. Higgins , this shuttle is a place of union . - I 'm sure you can appreciate - - What is this ? I brought you here to bed my son , not throw him a tea party Sir , a Companion greeting ceremony is a ritual with centuries of - My son is 26 years old , and he ain 't yet a man Twenty-six And since he can 't find a willing woman - Mr Higgins , you 're not allowed here - What ? - As I said , this room is a consecrated place of union - Only your son belongs here - Well , I 'm - Now , why don 't you go on and let us begin our work ? - Now listen here , young lady - - Good night , Mr Higgins Well , that 's a bit more peaceful Will you sit ? - To Jayne ! - To Jayne ! - To me ! - Woo-woo-woo-woo ! To the mudders ! You know , I 've saved lives Dozens Maybe hundreds I - I reattached a girl 's leg Her whole leg She named her hamster after me I got a hamster He drops a box of money - he gets a town Hamsters is nice To Jayne The box-dropping , man-ape-gone-wrong thing You know , you are pretty funny And you 're pretty pretty - What did you just say ? - I just said that you 're pretty Even when you 're covered in engine grease , you 're - No , especially , especially when you 're covered in engine grease It 's time to get out of this nut house I got some planning ' to work out - Now , Captain ? Things are goin ' so well - I suppose jayne 's certainly feeling better about life , but - I said , things are going well Oh Well Well , I tell you what jayne is stuck here with his adoring masses Why don 't you and Simon hang around and keep an eye on him for me ? They say the snow on the roof is too heavy . They say the ceiling will cave in . His brains are in terrible danger . River ? - Please , why don 't you come on out ? - No ! I can 't . Too much hair . Is - Is that it ? Hell , yes , Preacher If I didn 't have stuff to get done , I 'd be in there with her It 's the rules of my order Like the book , it symbolizes - Uh-huh River , honey , he 's putting the hair away now Doesn 't matter . It 'll still be there . Waiting . Honey , we 're home ! Where 've you guys been ? Mal , Bernoulli 's chomping at the bit Says he wants his merchandise yesterday . We got a few wrinkles to work out Did you know that Jayne is a bona fide folk hero ? Got a song and everything - You 've been drinking , husband - That he has Don 't make it any less the case - Are you telling me that Jayne - - It 's true True enough we can use it anyways We talked a few pillars of the mudder community into having a little jayne Day celebration in town square tomorrow It should buy us enough of a distraction to get the stolen goods out from under the foreman and his crew of prods You 're really gonna have to start again Jayne 's a what ? This whole thing - Uh , it - It is embarrassing My father 's right again , I guess And to have to bring you here - Your father isn 't right , Fess It 's not embarrassing to be a virgin It 's simply one 's state of being As far as bringing me here - Companions choose the people they 're to be with very carefully For example if your father had asked me to come here for him I wouldn 't have Really ? Really , Fess But you 're different from him The more you accept that , the stronger you 'll become So the magistrate , he let you folks keep all that cash ? He did And it pained him , that 's for dead sure When he found out , he sent his prods in to take it back from us - but the workers resisted - Fought the law , huh ? If the mudders are together on a thing , there 's too many of us to be put down So in the end , he just called it a bonus - That 's one hell of a bonus - And then , when we put that statue of you in town square he rolled in , wanted to tear it down but the whole town rioted . You guys had a riot ? On account of me ? My very own riot ? I can 't believe you 're back - How could I stay away ? - Hey Magistrate Higgins My son 's out there I pray to God losing ' his cherry There 's a problem in Worker Town , sir jayne Cobb 's come back Evening , Stitch - What do you want with me ? - Nothin ' You 've done your time You 've paid your debt It 's time you were on your way Here I believe these were your personal effects You keep me in that box four years and you give me a loaded gun ? You got the urge to use it , no doubt But I 'm not the one that brought you in on that robbery . I 'm not the one who partnered up with you , then turned on you when his plan went south How high up was that shuttle when he pushed you out ? Thirty feet ? Jayne Cobb cost you four years of your life ... plus a perfectly good eyeball And here 's the poetical portion - He 's back in town This very day . Best of luck in your new life Hey , Captain Captain ! Hey Mal Mal , I , uh - uh - No , n-nothing happened No , there was , uh - There was - There was some drinking but , uh , we certainly didn 't - I would never - Not with Kaylee - What do you mean , not with me ? - Yeah . Uh-huh . Where 's my hero ? ? My love for me now Ain 't hard to explain ? ? The hero of Canton The man they call me ? Eggs The living legend needs eggs Or maybe another milk No The livin ' legend needs to come with us He 's got a little appearance to make - He does ? - That 's right . This job here 's gone way past long enough Well , you go on now I got me important hero-type stuff to do - Where are you goin ' ? - I 'm goin ' with you Mmm , I don 't think so No , maybe you ought to stay here It 's about the time for a civilized person to have his breakfast That 's the sort of thing would be appropriate , don 't you think ? Excuse me Could I , uh - Could I see a menu ? A what ? You 're very quiet I 'm sorry I just - I just thought I 'd feel different after Aren 't I supposed to be a man now ? A man is just a boy who 's old enough to ask that question Our time together , it 's a ritual a symbol It means something to your father I hope it was not entirely forgettable for you - Oh , no It was - - But it doesn 't make you a man You do that yourself Fess ! Fess Higgins ! Get out here ! So , that 's where the little Jayne celebration we got planned comes in Should give us enough time to get the goods back in Serenity . I don 't know You think we should be using my fame to hoodwink folks ? - You better laugh when you say that - No , really , Mal I mean , maybe there 's something to this The mudders - I think I really made a difference in their lives You know - me , Jayne Cobb - I know your name , jackass - You know they threw a riot on my account ? A riot ? - Morning , kids - Is that Jayne ? Is that really him ? Wash , pinch me I must be dreaming Aw , hell , I 'll pinch ya just get on over to town square , Jayne Your fans are waitin Do you really think we can get this stuff across town without being noticed ? Got to find it first . Here we go Let 's get it dug up . - A criminal hearing ? - Yeah , my father 's ordered me to attend You see , there 's this man - Well , it happened when I was growing up here He stole a ton of money from my dad and gave it to the poor ... to my father 's workers . - He 's become kind of a folk hero in Canton - Go on Well , he 's back Apparently , he landed here yesterday Yesterday ? Oh , no I - I know this man He 's - He just has this idiotic sense of nobility , you know ? He can never just let things go He thinks he 's this hardhearted criminal and he can be unrelenting but there 's a side to him that 's just so - You mean , you actually know Jayne ? jayne ? Jayne Cobb ? You 're talking about Jayne Cobb ? Yes Jayne Cobb , the hero of Canton - The only person I ever saw who stood up to my father . My dad had him traced back to his ship He had port control put a land-lock on it Jayne 'll get back and find out that he 's grounded . I sort of hate the idea of his getting caught Yes , that would be bad Uh , could I just get the check , please ? Heard tell you run with Jayne Cobb Excuse me ? You 're gonna take me to that dirty , lowdown shingle of a man Listen , sir , I don 't know who - " Sir " ? Look at me , you pantywaist idjit I just spent the last four years steaming ' in a hot box and you 're " sirrin " ' me ? Folks say you 're part of Jayne 's team , so - Where is that no-good reptile hiding ' hisself ? Tell me , boy , or I 'll cut off every last bit of them good looks Oh , not done yet , young 'un That 's gonna cost you an eye Jayne ! Jayne ! Jayne ! Jayne ! Jayne ! Jayne ! Come on Come on ! - They love their boy - Just drive by nice and slow . - Come on , sir Let 's just get - - The magistrate says no We hold position Understand me ? Zoe , pack down the cargo Wash , you heat up Serenity . - We 're blowin ' this mess inside half an hour - Already there Let 's go get our wayward babes jayne ! Jayne ! Jayne ! Jayne ! Jayne ! Jayne ! jayne ! Jayne ! Jayne ! Speech ! Speech ! Speech ! Um - I 'm no good with words Don 't - Don 't use ' em much myself But I want to thank you all for bein ' here and , uh , thinkin ' so much of me Uh - Far as I see it ... you people been given the shortest end of the stick ever been offered a human soul in this crap-heel ' verse But you took that end and you - well , you took it And that 's - Well , I guess that 's somethin Wow That didn 't sound half bad I 'm shocked my own self Stitch Hessian Well , hey , there , Jayne Thought I 'd make you watch while I butcher me one of your boys . He ain 't a-one of mine Where you been hidin ' ? You gone got yourself lookin ' mighty hideous Oh-ho Yeah Now Jayne gets his - Honey - Kaylee ? So what 's this about a hero of Canton ? Was I hearing ' that right ? Four years oflock-down plays tricks on the ear . I ain 't a hero , Stitch just a workin ' stiff like you Oh-ho Yep , he 's right Jayne is Fact , we used to work together , he and I. Now , why don 't you just let old Stitch speak his piece ? Go on , then Whole lot of money in a magistrate 's safe , weren 't there , Jayne ? Got away clean too . But then our plane took a hit , and we 're goin ' down We dumped the fuel reserve , dumped the life support Hell , we even dumped the seats And there 's Jayne , the money and me And there was no way he was gonna drop that money He did He dropped it on the mudders By accident , you inbred dung head He tossed me out first For six months we run together . He turned me out before I could scream . - You 'd have done the same - No Never You protect the man you 're with You watch his back Everybody knows that Well , except the hero of Canton You gonna talk me to death , buddy ? Is that the plan ? Mm , this is the plan Yaah ! Get up . Get up , you stupid piece of - What 'd you do that for ? What 's wrong with you ? Didn 't you hear a word he said ? All of you ! You think there 's someone just gonna drop money on ya ? Money they could use ? Well , there ain 't people like that There 's just people like me Wash , we 're on Get us the hell off of this mud ball Uh , yeah . I 'm , uh , workin 'on it . Hello , Wash - Has there been a problem with takeoff ? - Is there a problem ? Is there a problem ? No We 're fine You did what ? I sent an override to port control lifted the land-lock on Serenity . I oughta wipe that smile off your head How dare you defy me , you - You wanted to make a man out of me , Dad I guess it worked just keep walkin ' , preacher man You gotta be steely . You can 't be lettin ' men stomp on you so much It wasn 't exactly a plan You ain 't weak You couldn 't beat him back ? Or would that not be appropriate ? You 're never letting go of that , are you ? Well , you confound me some , is all I mean , you like me well enough , and we get along , and - And then you go all stiff I - I 'm not , um - I didn 't - See ? You 're doin ' it right now What 's so damn important about bein ' proper ? It don 't mean nothin out here in the black It means more out here It 's all I have I mean , my way of being polite or however it 's - Well , it 's the only way I have of showing you that I like you I 'm showing respect So , when we made love last night - When we what ? You really are such an easy mark Don 't make no sense What - Why the hell 'd that mudder have to go and do that for , Mal - jumpin ' in front of the shotgun blast ? Hell , there weren 't a one of 'em understood what happened out there They 're probably sticking that statue right back up Most like I don 't know why that eats at me so It 's my estimation that every man ever got a statue made of him was one kind of a son of a bitch or another Ain 't about you , Jayne It 's about what they need Don 't make no sense Grr ! Arrgh !
