 Did you ever read the works of Shan Yu ? Shan Yu the psychotic dictator ? Yep Fancied himself quite the warrior poet Wrote volumes on war , torture the limits of human endurance That 's nice He said , " Live with a man 40 years " Share his house , his meals Speak on every subject " Then tie him up and hold him over the volcano 's edge And on that day , you will finally meet the man " - What if you don 't live near a volcano ? - I expect he was being poetical Sadistic crap legitimized by florid prose Tell me you 're not a fan I 'm just wondering if they were the people who did this to your sister The government did this to her A government is a body of people usually notably ungoverned Now you 're quoting the captain I 'm just wondering if they put her through this ... just to see how much she could take - " To truly meet her , " as Shan Yu would have said - No . The more I see , the more I think their purpose was very specific . And look at this , the pattern . Besides , if all they cared about was hurting River , they wouldn 't still be after her - But she 's doing better ? - I 've tried a couple different medications She 's sleeping better But nothing really stable I 'll keep trying I 've certainly got enough drugs on hand Yes , I 'd forgotten You 're moonlighting as a criminal mastermind now Got your next heist planned ? No But I 'm thinking about growing a big , black mustache I 'm a traditionalist Halt , please So , now we are past , uh , preliminaries , the little questions Why you skim from protection fund How you could betray my trust . This we are past Now we get to the real questions about who you truly are I 'm sorry , sir I get to heart of matter , and always interruptions One of our long-ranges picked up a read on the other side of the world Might be Serenity , Malcolm Reynolds 's ship Oh oh , this is exciting news Send a team Bring him here to me - Very exciting - Yes , sir Now , we get to spend some time finding out about your true self Tell me Are you familiar with the works of Shan Yu ? ? Take my love , take my land ? ? Take me where I cannot stand ? ? I don 't care , I 'm still free ? ? You can 't take the sky from me ? ? Take me out to the black ? ? Tell them I ain 't comin 'back ? ? Burn the land and boil the sea ? ? You can 't take the sky from me ? ? There 's no place I can be ? ? Since I 've found serenity ? ? But you can 't take the sky from me ? River ! I said yes already Where 's the outstanding issue ? The counselor is an important political figure and a very private person So he visits you here instead of you going to his place , fine Is the ship not clean enough ? I just want the counselor to feel comfortable And when I say " comfortable , " I mean " totally alone " I love the pitter-patter of tiny feet in huge combat boots Shut up ! There 's nobody sets foot on my boat that I don 't meet him Don 't worry I 'm not gonna start any sword fights I 'm over that phase I 'd appreciate it if you 'd keep the others from ogling One of you is gonna fall and die , and I 'm not cleaning it up - She took my apple - Jayne bought a crate of them - And this one 's mine - Not anymore . Okay No power in the ' verse can stop me These really are the genuine article I could get used to being rich It 's Jayne being so generous with his cut that confuses and frightens me It does kind of freeze the blood - Zoe , how come you always cut your apples ? - You do ? Her and the captain both Whenever we get fresh fruit - they neverjust munch on them . - You know what a Griswald is ? - It 's a grenade - About the size of a battery It responds to pressure Our platoon was stuck in a trench outside of New Kashmir during the winter campaign More than a week , completely cut off and the Alliance entrenched not 10 yards away We even got to talking to ' em , yelling across insults and jokes and such 'Cause no ammo to speak of , no orders , so what are you gonna do ? We mentioned that we were out of rations , and 10 minutes later a bunch of apples rained into the trench And they grew into a big tree , and they all climbed up the tree into a magical land with unicorns and a harp Blew off their heads , huh ? Captain said , " Wait " But they were so hungry Don 't make much noise . Just little pops and there 's three guys ... that kind of just end at the rib cage But these apples are healthsome and good Yeah , grenades cost extra We are about 20,000 miles from our last drop , people Then we can take a break and start thinking about spending ... - some of this money . - All right . - Could have made more - That wasn 't a bad idea , Wash ... but eliminating the middleman ... - never as simple as it sounds - You heard about - About 50 % of the human race is middlemen ... and they don 't take kindly to being eliminated . In this quadrant , we play nice Got enemies enough as it is So , when you said that you didn 't get a chance to tell the captain my idea - Mm-hmm What you actually meant was that you told him my idea , he rejected it out of hand and you didn 't argue the point or even give it another thought - I gave , honey I-I - - And then came the lying to me about it Which for me is sort of the highlight of this little adventure Is there any way I 'm gonna get out of this with honor and dignity ? - You 're pretty much down to ritual suicide , lamby toes - I didn 't want to upset you - What did you think of it ? - Of what ? My idea Call the local MDs Forget the fence Go straight to the source Better prices , and we know the drugs get to the right people The captain thinks it 'll get back to someone , just cause trouble Was I ever not asking what the captain thought ? - Well , I tend to agree with him - Tend to or have to ? I love that you two are old army buddies You have wacky stories with rib cages in them But could you have an opinion of your own , please ? You 're losing the high ground here , sweetcakes I 'm sure you and Mal will take that hill and fortify it - I thought your plan was too risky - I thought - Then tell me I am a large , semi-muscular man I can take it Don 't hide behind Mal ' cause you know he 'll shoot it down for you - Tell me - Right 'Cause what this marriage needs is one more shouting match No , what this marriage needs is one less husband Right now it 's kind of crowded Whoa Mei-mei . - How you doing ? - I threw up I 'm sorry It 's a side effect We just have to find the right treatment for you How do you feel now ? Going Going back , like apple bits coming back up Chaos But you felt okay this morning ? Played with Kaylee The sun came out , and I walked on my feet and heard with my ears I ate the bits The bits did stay down And I work I function like I 'm a girl I hate it because I know it 'll go away The sun goes dark , and chaos is come again It 's fluids What am I ? You are my beautiful sister I threw up on your bed Yep , definitely my sister Didn 't Inara express a wish for privacy ? Oh , I gotta see who she 's got I bet he 's handsome I think he 's gonna bring her flowers . Oh , there he is Well , he looks the respectable sort Welcome aboard I 'm Captain Malcolm Rey - We 're all clear here , Counselor - Huh - Oh , my Oh , gosh , I - I - I knew she took female clients . I just - They look so glamorous together I 'll be in my bunk Lucrative as this stuff is , I 'll be glad to see the last of it . - It kind of makes us a target - Was River in here messing around ? The ignition sequence is all turned about - I can 't even - - I can - Get it set , would you , Wash ? We gotta get moving - Here 's a funny twist No - No , what ? - No , sir You changed the sequence ? Didn 't want you taking off without me In fact , didn 't want you taking off at all Thought I might take this run instead , me and the captain . The captain who 's standing right here telling you that 's not gonna happen ? Well , it 's a dangerous mission , sir I can 't stand the thought of something happening that might cause you two to come back with another thrilling tale of bonding and adventure - I just can 't take that right now - Okay Um , I 'm lost Uh , I 'm angry And I 'm armed - So if you two have something that you need to work out - - It 's all right , sir . We 've dealt with Bosch before It shouldn 't be a problem And I wouldn 't mind sitting this one out Oh , this is a - But I don 't have time to unwind it Wash , get her started . - Zoe , the ship is yours . - Bye , hon We promise not to stop for beers with the fellas - So , are we gonna sing army songs or something ? That feels amazing Oh , right there That 's perfect I should have done this weeks ago I wouldn 't have been here weeks ago - Then that would have been a shame - For me as well You have such beautiful skin There 's no need for the show , Inara . I just need to relax with someone who 's making no demands on me Most of my clientele is male Do you know that ? No If I choose a woman she tends to be extraordinary in some way And the fact is I occasionally have the exact same need you do One cannot always be oneself in the company of men - Never , actually - So no show Let 's just enjoy ourselves You are so lovely Look , this thing with you and Zoe Really not looking to talk on that topic Hey I let that niou-se trick of yours slide because this is a milk run But when I go on a mission , I 'm taking Zoe and that 's the drill You know that - I mean , what happens if we get into a situation here ? - Hey I 've been in a firefight before Well , I was in a fire Actually , I was fired from a fry-cook opportunity I can handle myself And you understand what Zoe 's job entails ? I 'll learn as I go So now I 'm learning about carrying ? Nice to know you 're still trustworthy Not so trustworthy I don 't wanna see the money you promised me Man , I can 't believe you guys knocked over an Alliance hospital The pair you have Yeah , the stuff legends are - TZao-gao . Now I 'm learning about scary - I 'll be in my bunk - Jayne , grab your weapon . - Why ? What 's going on ? - Maybe nothing Maybe trouble - The drop ? - They 're late . They should 've been back more than an hour ago . We go by ground . We 'll take the mule . I 'll go with you No offense , Shepherd , but I sure as hell hope they don 't need a preacher Three sets of eyes are better than two I might see something you don 't Let 's move None of them 's ours This is precision work Sharpshooters From the look of these wounds , I 'd say a 54-R sniper rifle , laser sights You do a lot of shooting at the abbey there , Shepherd ? - Rabbits . - For stew , sure Whoever did this , they weren 't after the goods We ain 't gonna find ' em here They 're off-planet already Only one type of transport I know makes a mark like this . - Fast burn rocket shuttle - Craft like that are not commonly part of a ship - More likely we 're looking at - - The space station Yeah I know who 's got them You okay ? - I think I 've been kidnapped - Yeah - Can you see where we are ? - No Mal , what the hell is going on ? - I ain 't rightly sure - But you 've got some theories - Still working it through - I don 't want you to spare me , Mal . If you think you know what 's happening , then you tell me . You wouldn 't spare Zoe if she were in this situation with you , would you ? You would be planning and plotting and possibly scheming So whatever Zoe would do in this instance is what I wanna do And you know why ? Because no matter how ugly it gets ... you two always come back with the stories . So I 'm Zoe . Now what do I do ? - Probably not talk quite so much - Right . Less talking . She 's terse I can be terse Once in flight school , I was laconic . If I 'm not gonna talk , then you have to What else ? - We just gotta keep our heads - Right Keep our heads That way we 'll be able to you know , keep our heads You and Zoe have been in plenty of situations like this before , right ? - Many a time - Many a time , you and Zoe Once we know who it was took us - Zoe and you , together in a tricky - - Mal , she 's my wife - Huh ? What gives you the right to put her in a dangerous situation like this ? - I didn 't . - You did . - She ain 't here , Wash Okay - No , but she would have been . I mean , I 'm the one that she swore to love , honor and obey Listen , if - She swore to obey ? Well , no Not - But that 's just my point ! You , she obeys She obeys you . There 's obeying going on right under my nose . Look Zoe and I have a history She trusts me - What 's that supposed to mean ? - Don 't mean a thing . But you 're making out like she blindly follows my every word - That ain 't true - Sure it is Not so . There 's plenty of orders of mine that she didn 't obey . - Name one ! - She married you ! What ? - Here 's all I got left - Thanks - Jayne - How do you know he won 't just grab you as well ? Don 't think that 's like to happen I walk in there unarmed , make the offer This guy has his own code , twisted as it may be , very excited about reputation - He 'll see reason - Reason ? He 's a gangster . The money he paid you for that other job , it was already returned to him Could be he 's harboring some resentment at us for putting his man through our engine Wait a reasonable amount of time But if you don 't hear back I want you to take Serenity and get out of this quadrant If this don 't play out right , there 's no guarantee ... he won 't come looking for the rest of you I 'm not gonna say it again Shipboard romances complicate things - For who , for you ? - For everyone Well , what about lov - I ain 't against it as a rule But in a situation such as ours , it tends to cause problems It splits loyalties - You know what I think ? - What ? What , Wash ? What do you think ? Because I 'm interested This policy you got against shipboard relationships That 's just you projecting your own intimacy issues on everyone else Of course , could be a lot simpler than that Could be I just don 't think you 're good enough for Zoe - I don 't give a good gorram what you think - Oh , don 't you ? Zoe and I , we got a history I figure you gotta be askin ' yourself some fundamental questions as to the nature of that history . You never slept with my wife Matter of fact , you know that for sure , don 't you ? You ever ask her ? We been together for a long time before you came along , Wash And she 's a damn fine-looking woman It never happened You know how I know ? How ? Tell me This whole captain thing isn 't Zoe 's trouble It 's the guy she never slept with thing Hell , Mal , I wish you had slept with her Then at least she 'd be over it Oh , you want me to sleep with her ? Would that make you feel better ? - It might - I imagine it would do wonders for her - Screw you - Get in line Okay , Wash I 'm gonna do it - Wash Wash - Hmm ? Listen , first thing when we get back . Listen to me ! First thing when we get back , I 'm gonna - I 'm gonna take your wife into my bed - Yeah ? - I 'm gonna get me a piece of that - I 'm unarmed I wanna talk to Niska Ah No N-No Run Run That 's five times what you paid us for the train job Yes You have had , uh , you say , good times I see that It should be more than enough to buy back my men - This is your opinion , is it ? - It is They are perhaps damaged now - Are they worth so much to you ? - Yes And to me they are worth more I think this is not enough Not enough for two . But sufficient perhaps for one Ah , you now have - Him I 'm sorry You were going to ask me to choose , right ? Do you want to finish ? He is yours We are ended now M - Mal ? Shh , just keep walking . A moment please This money , it is too much . You should have some small refund . Now we are ended He 's insane - I know it - I mean , you told the damn stories He saved you in the war - But I didn 't know - You mean Mal ? He 's crazy He wouldn 't break , Zoe - He kept me from - - Okay - I wouldn 't have made it - Shh Niska 's gonna kill him He 's gonna make it last as long as possible Days if he can The bastard 's not gonna get days - Thank God , you 're safe - You okay ? What happened ? - Let me take a look - How bad is it ? - I 'm fine - Where 's Mal ? - Niska wouldn 't let him go - Is he alive ? For now Take that to the infirmary Put it on ice W - What is that ? It 's his ear - We 're getting him back - What are we gonna do , clone him ? Well , it 's a clean cut With the right equipment , I should be able to reattach it That 's assuming there 's a head Do you know the writings of Shan Yu ? You starting a book club ? What , you trying to torture - trying to torture me ? Yes , today we meet you And you are quite a man , an extraordinary man , yes But these are not times for extraordinary men Business is not war Heroics are unseemly They complicate For you I have a special machine Very precious And they say people don 't look like their pets Let us see if we can meet the real you Here Six shots and then just drop it Keep moving This here is suicide . You do know that , don 't you ? You really think you can mount a two-man frontal assault on Niska 's skyplex and live ? Technically , it 's a one-man , one-woman assault , a unisex - Grenades ? - Oh , yes Thank you , dear - He won 't be expecting it - Right ' Cause they ain 't insane Uh , I just got a wave from Inara . No luck with the counselor . - What are they doing ? - Fixin ' to get themselves killed - We 're gonna go get the captain - Oh . Good - Can they do that ? - No You know , there 's a certain motto a creed among folks like us You may have heard it Leave no man behind Suicide Got a good look at the layout on my way in last time You let me lead Cover my back - What 's this ? - We 're going with you If it were any one of us , the captain wouldn 't hesitate . Here you go This should do Preacher , don 't the Bible have some pretty specific things to say about killing ? Quite specific It is , however , somewhat fuzzier on the subject of kneecaps If you 're looking for me to talk you out of it - What ? Let 's go get the captain Yep He 's dead Mr. Reynolds . You died , Mr Reynolds Seemed like the thing to do When you die , I can 't hurt you anymore And I want two days at least , minimum I think many people know the name Malcolm Reynolds Many know he cross Niska They must know what happens after that They must know that business is still running . - You really think this 'll work ? - Well except for the com static I 'm piping out on all frequencies we 've been completely powered down since I fired the attitude thrusters a half hour ago We should show up on their screens as a radar glitch if they aren 't looking too close What if they are looking too close ? Hell , I 'm just glad we 're on course It 's like throwing a dart , Jayne And hitting a bull 's-eye 6,000 miles away - That 's my man - You guys better get down to the bay We 'll be at their front door in less than a minute I 'm right behind you , baby - Book , you good ? - Yes , ma 'am Ready when you are Kaylee , how you doing on that override sequence ? Pretty sure this will pop their air lock doors if Wash can get a seal on his first try I 'm smellin ' a lot of " if coming off this plan - You could 've stayed in your bunk - Coulda , shoulda , woulda - We 're set - Okay , people If it moves , shoot it - Unless it 's the captain - Unless it 's the captain Listen If you 've got guests , I can come back later - Move , move , move . - Take cover . Second team . Hold this position . We lose this ground We lose it all You 're going to hold this ground Understand me ? - Understood - Okay then Viktor , what is this ? Viktor ! Looks like business ain 't running so much as crawling away You wanna meet the real me now ? Gorrammit ! Book , we , uh - Follow me . Get behind us , Preacher . We need cover . Don 't think , just shoot Can 't look Can 't look No power in the ' verse can stop me Haven 't you killed me enough for one day ? Jayne . This is something the captain has to do for himself - No . No , it 's not ! - Oh You sure this thing 's gonna stay on ? Well , this dermal mender creates an excellent tissue bond It should be fine Just don 't - don 't fiddle with it Be sure to , uh , thank the counselor for me Awful nice for her to pull some strings and lend us this equipment It 's the least she could do I just wish you had killed that old bastard I got regrets on that score my own self So , I hear y 'all took up arms in that little piece of action back there How you faring with that , Doctor ? I don 't know I never shot anyone before I was there , son . I 'm fair sure you haven 't shot anyone yet Ow Mmm Wife soup I must have done good Yes , dear You done good Ow - Did you tell her ? - Tell her what ? Your husband has demanded that we sleep together - Really ? - What ? Mal , come on He seems to think it would get all this burning sexual tension out in the open - You know , make a fair fight for your womanly affections - No . That was the torture talking Remember the torture ? I know it 's a difficult mission , but you and I have to get it on I understand We have no choice - Take me , sir Take me hard - Now something about that is just downright unsettling We 'll be in our bunk Oh , hey Free soup Grr ! Arrgh !
