 We 're in trouble We got cut off - Cut off from what ? - Our platoon , Simon We got outflanked by the independent squad and we 're never gonna make it back to our platoon We need to resort to cannibalism That was fast Don 't we have rations or anything ? They got lost We 're gonna have to eat the men Aren 't you supposed to be practicing for your dance recital ? I learned it all That 's wrong It 's from the book , River No The book is wrong This whole conclusion is fallacious So , how 'd the independents cut us off ? They were using dinosaurs Language , young man Sorry , Dad The independents attacked us with dinosaurs Simon lost his head in the heat of battle Because there were dinosaurs involved , I think we 'll let it slide - Did you get my wave ? - I got it Your text shorted I got the whole thing during a board meeting Thank you If I had a dedicated source box , it wouldn 't short out I lost half my essay Yes , and you 'd have access to any that filtered in from the cortex - I absolutely forbid it - Dad ! - Dad ! I will not have it in my house But since your mother 's already ordered you one ... I guess I should give up the fantasy that this is my house . - Are you kidding ? - You will repay me by becoming a brilliant doctor That 's the deal Dedicated source box - brilliant doctor . - When do I - - Many years Dad , this is so It 's really gonna - I know You think I 'd let you work with something second-rate ? - Thank you - You 're worth it Now , do you think it 's possible for you two geniuses to give your tired old dad a couple minutes quiet ? No ! No ! I don 't want to go there ! - It 's okay - It 's not okay ! You can 't just dig into me , shove pointed needles in my eyes and ask me what I see ! All right We won 't go in Look No test today No rutting test Stupid son of a bitch dressed me up like a gorram doll No tests , no shots . Come on . I 'm just gonna give you a smoother cuttle - River ! Not him So , she 's added cussing and hurling about of things to her repertoire - She really is a prodigy - It 's just a bad day No . A bad day is when someone 's yelling spooks the cattle . Understand ? Ever see cattle stampede when they got no place to run ? It 's kinda like a meat grinder , and it 'll lose us half our herd - She hasn 't gone anywhere near the cattle - No But in case you hadn 't noticed , her voice kind of carries We 're two miles above ground , and they can probably hear her down there As soon as we unload , she can holler until our ears bleed although I would take it as a kindness if she didn 't The human body can be drained of blood in 86 seconds , given adequate vacuuming systems See , morbid and creepifying , I got no problem with Long as she does it quiet-like This is paranoid schizophrenia , Captain , handcrafted by government scientists who thought my sister 's brain was a rutting playground I have no idea what 'll set her off If you have some expertise - I 'm not the doctor And I 'm not your gorram baby-sitter either Gag her if you have to Got trade to be done You see that ? Fancy vessels such as that don 't land here unless they got somethin ' to sell If it happens to be somethin ' we need we take it ? Take my love , take my land ? ? Take me where I cannot stand ? ? I don 't care , I 'm still free ? ? You can 't take the sky from me ? ? Take me out to the black ? ? Tell them I ain 't comin 'back ? ? Burn the land and boil the sea ? ? You can 't take the sky from me ? ? There 's no place I can be ? ? Since I 've found serenity ? ? But you can 't take the sky from me ? It 's about time you broke in them pretty shoes Hyah ! Get along ! You know , they walk just as easy if you lead ' em I like smacking ' em Hope this corral 's strong enough to hold ' em Shepherd 's a purely figurative title , you know Next time we smuggle stock , let 's make it something smaller Yeah , we should start dealing in those black market beagles Hyah ! Hyah ! Little soul , big world Eat , sleep and eat many souls Cattle on the ship three weeks , she don 't go near ' em Suddenly we 're on Jiangyin , and she 's got a driving need to commune with the beasts . They weren 't cows inside They were waiting to be , but they forgot Now they see sky , and they remember what they are Is it bad that what she said made perfect sense to me ? Come on now Let 's get you clear of the work What 's going on ? What are you doing ? I 'm fixin ' to do some business I can 't be herding ' these steers and your sister too - She didn 't mean any harm . - I never figured she did But when a man engages in clandestine dealings he has this preference for things being smooth She makes things not be smooth Right I 'm very sorry if she tipped off anyone about your cunningly concealed herd of cows I 'm startin ' to think you got a little too much time on your hands , Doctor I think now I got a notion regarding that Why don 't you take your sister for a little walk ? - A walk ? - Yeah Someplace away It 's probably best we stay close Alliance has us marked as fugitives Closest Alliance is the cruiser Magellan , hours out from here and I promise you , they ain 't comin to a backwater like Jiangyin Still , I 'm not sure it 's such a wise suggestion Might not want to mistake it for a suggestion Don 't worry We won 't leave without you Does it seem every supply store on every water planet ... has the same five rag dolls and the same wood carvings of - What is this ? A duck ? - That 's a swan I like it - You do ? Looks like it was made with , you know , longing Made by a person who really longed to see a swan Perhaps because they 'd only heard of them by rough description Do you think this would make a nice gift ? A gift ? For whom ? I just kinda like it It 's rich , you know Oh For Simon I didn 't say that You don 't do a very goodjob ofhiding your interest . He 's just so shuai . You just wanna take a bite out of him all over Careful Morning , you two Don 't usually see you two out and about planet-side Yeah , we 're - we 're trying something different today River , uh ... be careful with that . That 's , um - What is that ? That 's a postholer You dig holes for posts It 's-It 's dirty and sharp Let 's come over here " Jiangyin Prairie Paradise " Good God ! They 're askin 'money for this crap ? Hard to believe , ain 't it ? - Glad you 're out . - Mmm Give you a chance to have a little fun Fun ? Right . I , uh - I consider this fun . It 's fun being forced to the ass end of the galaxy to get to live on a piece of luh-suh wreck and eat molded protein , and be bullied around by our of a captain . - That 's fun - Luh-suh ? - Sorry ? - Serenity ain 't luh-suh . No , I-I didn 't mean - Yeah , you did You meant everything you just said Well , no Uh , actually I was being ironic so in-in the strictest sense - You were being mean is what And if that 's what you think of this life then you can 't think much of them that choose it can you ? River ? This is the last time , last time with cows . Hey , there 's an idea regarding beagles They have smallish droppings I believe so , sir Also , your disreputable men are here Better go take their money Mornin ' , gentlemen You must be the Grange brothers Hope you 're in the mood for beefsteak Attractive animals , ain 't they ? They ain 't well fed Scrawny Fei hua Milk and hay three times a day . Fed to ' em by beautiful women - That was somethin ' to see - They 's branded You boys are hittin all the selling ' points The fresh brand 's a dead giveaway Claim ' em as your own - Twenty a head - That 's an amusing figure in light of you already agreed on 30 with Badger That 's before we seen ' em They 're atrophied Standin ' on a ship for near a month My comprehension is the less muscle , the more tender the meat Thirty - Problem ? - No About a minute from now , we 'll agree on 25 Seem a mite jumpy to you ? Morning , officers I 'm thinkin ' maybe we walk away entirely I 'm thinkin ' you do that , and we got ourselves trouble Mornin ' , ladies Serious trouble of the " you owe us " variety I can go to 25 Well , we 'll be takin ' a loss But you seem like clean and virtuous boys Done Marcus and Nathaniel Grange , you are both wanted ... in connection to the illegal killing of Rance Dervin You are bound by law to stand down - You know , I 'm startin ' to find this whole planet very uninviting - Yeah Come on ! Get up here , girl ! - Careful with that ! - Seems we have ourselves a situation . - Who are you ? - Just a bystander - This your beef ? - No , sir You 're lookin ' at the proper owners right there Hmm I 'd like to see some paper on that cattle Graves ! Look out ! Over here ! Hurry up ! Here we go Never goes smooth How come it never goes smooth ? Get down ! Hey , stay with me , Shepherd That 's - That 's quite a lot of blood , isn 't it ? It just means you ain 't dead 'Fraid I might be needin a preacher That 's good You lie there and be ironical Stretcher ! - Jayne ! - They goin - Of course They got what they came here for - You get the cash ? What 's going on ? Oh , God ! Shepherd . Shepherd , can you hear me ? Don 't look good Wash , get down to the infirmary , ma shong . Gotta try to stop this bleeding Don 't you worry , Shepherd . Captain and Zoe got lots of experience with this kind of thing . Seen a lot worse in the war Shepherd ? Oh , God ! He ain 't breathin' He ain 't dead But he is bad off We gotta see what we can do to help him Wash , I want you to go to town See if you can 't find that doctor Hurry - Faster Gotta go faster - Wanna get there before dark Get where ? Where are we going ? Shut up ! - If it 's ransom you want , I - I can arrange something - No talking ! Look , you don 't understand ! My sister - - Your sister is fine , Simon - She 's not fine Didn 't you look at the letters ? Look at the letters Well , I 'm looking at letters - These phrases , they don 't sound anything like her Some of these words , they 're misspelled She started correcting my spelling when she was three She 's trying to tell us something . I think there 's a code A code ? Yes I always thought it was River who was lost without her big brother Now I 'm beginning to wonder if it isn 't the other way around Did you have a good time at the Darbanvilles ' ball this year ? What are you , uh - River thought it was duller than last year But since we don 't know anybody named Darbanville , I 'm having trouble judging - Did you even read these ? - Well , of course I did It 's one of her silly games You two are always playing She is trying to tell us something that somebody doesn 't want her to say Simon , this is paranoid It 's stress If they heard you talking like this at the hospital , it could affect your entire future Who cares about my future ? You should . You 're a surgeon in one of the best hospitals in Capital City on your way to a major position , possibly even the Medical Elect You 're gonna throw all that away ? Everything you 've worked for your whole life ? Being a doctor means more to you than just a position . I know that A few months time , you 'll turn around , and there she 'll be Nothing is going to keep you two apart for long No ! Oh , no ! - Found you - Get him ! River , no ! River , run ! Run ! - Found you ! - Go ! Bring her ! Where is the doctor ? Why isn 't he with you ? He wasn 't in town Wasn 't anywhere He was in town We saw him there The town 's not that big Believe me when I say he wasn 't there Knew it Probably saw them cops , turned tail Doctor could be called a lot of things Coward wouldn 't be one of them - You don 't think they were arrested , do you ? - Worse than that , probably - Looks like they got snatched - Kidnapped ? I went by the sheriff ! s office . If we 'd checked the posted alerts , we might 've known it . Settlers up in the hills take people sometimes , usually tradesmen and the like And now they got themselves a doctor And we don 't We 're going Wh-What are you doing ? What about Simon and River ? Forget them We already lost two people today If I can help it , we won 't lose a third Wash , get us in the air We 're lost Lost in the woods It 's gonna be okay They 'll find us Once the captain realizes what happened , they 'll come See there ? No one 's comin ' for you You just keep movin That bad ? Battle wounds are nothin new to me , preacher I 've seen men live with a dozen holes in ' em this size - Is that right ? - Surely is I knew a man who had a hole clean through his shoulder once Used to keep a spare hankie in there Where 's the doctor ? Not back yet ? We don 't make him hurry for the little stuff He 'll be along You could hurry a little Well , there 's Greenleaf They 'd have med help there Too far More than 10 hours He 's worse off than that You know where you can find what you need - Don 't recall inviting you onto the bridge - You didn 't . Mal , you know where you can find a doctor You know - Inara , he was dumb enough to get himself grabbed in broad daylight Don 't have time to be beating the trees , looking for him now No assurance we 'd find him or that he wouldn 't need a doctor himself I 'm not talking about Simon I 'm talking about medical facilities That 's not an option , nor is it a discussion I much want to have at the moment It doesn 't matter what you want He 's dying and we need a doctor now . Look at what we got ! Got ourselves a doctor A real doctor . Stand up straight . They brought home a doctor . Thank the Lord . Come on ! We have to go down there and see ! What is it ? " Dear Diary , Today I was pompous , and my sister was crazy " Today we were kidnapped by hill folk , never to be seen again It was the best day ever " Now we 're talkin Amazing we kept ' em this long - Can I - - Sure He 's out , though He did this for me once How 's he doin ' ? I cleaned it out , wrapped it up Best I could do I don 't know Well , we 're headed for help , right ? Captain will come up with a plan Well , that 's good Right ? Possible you 're not recalling some of his previous plans We left them back there Yeah Don 't seem right You sure this is where you want to be ? Oh , I 'm fairly certain it ain 't Be sure to ask nicely Alliance cruiser Magellan , this is Firefly transport Serenity ... requesting permission for docking Firefly transport Serenity , stand by for docking orders In here I don 't figure it 's as fancy as you 're used to but it 's what we got I got you a doctor . Oh , praise the Lord Doralee here 'll show you what 's what - What 's your name ? - Simon Well , hello there Who are you ? This is River River , just , uh just sit down over there Has there been a - Is there a sickness here ? Nothing special just people get sick or injured Mostly people heal on their own , but sometimes - Sometimes you need a doctor Bring me light and any supplies you have You sanguine about the kind of reception we 're apt to receive on an Alliance ship ? Absolutely What 's " sanguine " mean ? Sanguine Hopeful Plus , point of interest , it also means " bloody " - That pretty much covers all the options , don 't it ? We 're requesting aid . No other purpose . We got papers What 's your business ? We 're a supply ship , freelance Had an accident this morning A crewman got hurt - We need medical help - Fast would be better than slow Official seal 's out of date , Captain ... Harbatkin ? We ain 't been through a checkpoint in a while , sir You gonna see to my man ? - How did this happen ? - He - Bystander in a gunfight back on Jiangyin You can check Not he nor any of ours were the aggressors We aren 't an emergency facility , Captain Our services aren 't available simply to anyone - Get ... my ... my ident card Get this man to the infirmary at once Keep that bandage clean now , you understand ? She 's not quite right , is she ? She 's been through some trauma . She 's recovering , though . She won 't get a good conversation out of Ruby . I can tell you that much . That little girl 's mute Do you know the cause ? Was she born deaf ? No She was fine until two years ago when she stopped talking A place like this might be good for your sister Quiet , safe . Aplace where folks take care of each other . Mmm , yes Seems like a lovely little community of kidnappers - The Lord says judge not - They took us off the street Sometimes life takes you places you weren 't expecting ' to go Life didn 't bring us here Those men did You were on a transport ship , right ? Takin ' a journey ? It 's the way oflife in my findings thatjourneys end ... when and where they want to , and that 's where you make your home This isn 't our home If it isn 't here , where is it ? This place gives me an uncomfortableness So what do you figure ? Shepherd 's got some kind of connection with the Alliance ? I know what it looks like Still , it would surprise me if he did See ? That 's my whole problem with picking ' up tourists They ain 't never what they claim to be Does seem like everyone 's got a tale to tell River ? - River ? - What 's wrong ? River 's gone So 's the girl Ruby I 'll check out back River ! Don 't - What is that ? - For you - Oh I picked them Here They 'll stain your dress You have to eat Hodgeberries Do you remember when we found those giant hodgeberry bushes on the Cambersons ' estate ? And we thought they 'd grown wild , but - It was a long while ago - I took you away from there - No I know I did You don 't think I do , but - I get confused I remember everything I remember too much And some of it 's made up and some of it can 't be quantified and there 's secrets - It 's okay But I understand You gave up everything you had to find me You found me broken It 's hard for you You gave up everything you had Mei-mei , everything I have is right here You need to eat , keep up your strength We won 't be here long Daddy will come and take us home And I 'll get better I 'll get better These are better than the Cambersons ' berries They are except they 're poison You believed her Made a face You are such a brat You get to bed now . We should probably think about doing the same It 's been a big day , what with the abduction and all Well , y 'all don 't have to sleep here There 's a house set aside for you We 've been looking for a doctor for a good while , so things are ready Really ? Her sister got killed Her mother got crazy , killed the sister - That one lived - Ruby talked to you , honey ? It 's true what she 's saying Poor woman went out of her mind , tried to kill her two girls Ruby lived . Sweetheart , you are an angel No one 's been able to get Ruby to speak even a peep It 's a miracle ! That 's what it is Ruby doesn 't talk Her voice got scared away I hear crickets I don 't understand If Ruby didn 't talk h - how do you know - My sister 's - She 's very good at - What 's wrong ? " And they shall be among the people " And they shall speak truths and whisper secrets And you will know them by their crafts " What are you talking about ? " Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live " - Have you completely lost your mind ? - Pretty nearly We got the wave at the Friedlichs I had to leave your mother at the dinner table I 'm sorry , Dad I would never have tried to save River 's life if I had known there was a dinner party at risk Don 't you dare be flippant with me I spent 2,000 credits to get you out of here I had to walk through that door , which goes on my permanent profile Are you trying to destroy this family ? I didn 't realize it would be so easy Dad , I didn 't do anything You were in a blackout zone Talking to someone who might be able to help River And I 'm going back there This is a slippery slope , young man You have no idea how far down you can go - and you 're not taking us with you - Meaning what ? I won 't come for you again You end up here or get mixed up in something worse you 're on your own I will not come for you Now , are you coming home ? This is lunacy ! You 're supposed to be the teacher here What exactly is it that you teach ? What 's going on , woman ? Why are you knocking us from our beds at this hour ? The new doctor 's sister 's a witch ! She read Ruby 's mind , saw things she couldn 't . No , River is not a witch ! She 's just a troubled girl I 'm sure that 's true You 're not a witch , are you ? I 'm the patron here Do you know what that means ? Yes You 're in charge Ever since the old patron died That 's right He was sick and he was getting better You were alone in the room with him No ! This girl reads minds and spins falsehoods ! She 's a witch , and we must purge the devil from her ! With fire ! You 're gonna be fine , Shepherd . Alliance patched you up . Alliance ? Yeah They let us come , and they let us go What kind of ident card gets us that kind of reception and send-off ? I am a shepherd Folks like a man of God No , they don 't . Men of God make everyone feel guilty andjudged . That 's not what I saw You like to tell me what really happened ? I surely would and maybe someday I will It 's good to be home Badger just hailed us Getting impatient for his share Wants us to drop it to his men on the common fed base That 'll be a hell of a lot easier to do without the two most wanted on board Life would look to be simpler with us not carrying ' fugees He is right , you know Yeah Simpler Take me instead Take my life for hers The witch must die God commands it Up here ! No ! Get away from her ! She has done nothing to you ! If she dies tonight , it won 't be God 's will that killed her ! It 'll be you ! Your lunacy ! Your ignorance ! That 's not gonna stop us , Doctor Postholer Digging holes for posts Light it Time to go Well , look at this ! Appears we got herejust in the nick of time ! What does that make us ? - Big damn heroes , sir - Ain 't we just ? Sorry to interrupt , folks Y 'all got somethin that belongs to us and we 'd like it back This is a holy cleansing You cannot think to thwart God 's will Y 'all see the man hangin ' out of the spaceship with the really big gun ? I 'm not sayin you weren 't easy to find But it was kinda out of our way , and he didn 't want to come Man 's lookin to kill some folk So really it 's his will y 'all should worry about thwarting Gotta say , Doctor , it 's near miraculous Yes , I 'm very proud - Cut her down - The girl is a witch Yeah , but she 's our witch , so cut her the hell down Hey , Doctor Glad you 're back now on the ship Thanks I 've moved him to his room How 's he faring ? He 's gonna be fine Yeah They took good care of him Good to know So finally a decent wound on this ship , and I miss out I 'm sorry You were busy trying to get yourself lit on fire It happens Captain ? - Why did you come back for us ? - You 're on my crew Yeah , but you don 't even like me Why 'd you come back ? You 're on my crew Why are we still talking about this ? Chow 's in ten No need to dress The shepherd says - Great Grr ! Arrgh !
