 Go ! Go ! Sergeant , Command says air support is holding till they can assess our status - Our status is we need some gorram air support - That skiff is shredding us , sir They won 't move without a lieutenant 's authorization code , sir Here Here 's your code You 're Lieutenant Baker Congratulations on your promotion Now get me some air support ! Pull back just far enough to wedge ' em in here Get your squad to high ground - start pickin ' ' em off - High ground is death with that skiff - That 's our problem Thanks for volunteering Bendis Give us some cover fire . We 're going duck huntin ' . just focus ! The Alliance said they were gonna waltz through Serenity Valley And we choked ' em with those words We 've done the impossible , and that makes us mighty just a little while longer Our angels are gonna be soaring overhead , raining fire on those arrogant Khangs So you hold You hold ! Go ! Really think we can bring her down , sir ? You even need to ask ? - Ready ? - Always Bendis Someone 's coming around ! Go ! Go ! Yeah ! Huh ! Zoe ! Nice cover fire Did you see that ? Green , what 's our status on - Zoe Hey , listen to me . Bendis , look at me Listen We 're holding this valley , no matter what - We 're gonna die - We 're not gonna die We can 't die , Bendis And you know why ? Because we are so very pretty We are just too pretty for God to let us die Huh ? Look at that chiseled jaw , huh ? Come on If you won 't listen to me , listen to that Those are our angels They 're gonna blow the Alliance to the hot place Zoe , tell the 82nd to - They 're not coming Command says it 's too hot They 're pulling out We 're to lay down arms . But what 's - The vault 's sealed . Okay , I 'm gonna boil it jayne , give me the sticky Okay , we get the goods . We 're off this wreck and back on the ship . No worries . Everything looks good from here Yes Yes , this is a fertile land , and we will thrive We will rule over all this land , and we will call it This Land I think we should call it your grave Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal Mine is an evil laugh Now die ! Oh , no , God Oh , dear God in heaven Oh , motherless son of a bi - Full pressure The goods must be intact Okay . Lookin 'good . Captain , we got incoming Alliance cruiser bearing right down on us . Have they spotted us ? - I can 't tell if - - Have they hailed us ? If they 're here for the salvage , we 're humped They find us at all , we 're humped . Thievin 'ain 't - - I don 't like this . - Wash , shut it down Now - Everything but the air . - Kaylee Kaylee . Go to blackout . We 're being buzzed . Goin ' dark Okay , now I can 't get down - What am I looking at ? - It 's a carrier . Blew out a few months back . Lost all hands , but it was only run by a skeleton crew anyway Damn shame No point in checking for survivors ? Wash , they slowing 'down ? That 's a neg Doesn 't look like they 're interested in us We should be eating wake in a minute or two Sir , there is a reading on that thing - Some residual heat - Do a sweep Captain , we 're humped Prep the ship now - We move these in double time - Kaylee , fire it up - It 's a transport ship Firefly class - They still make those ? Illegal salvage Low-life vultures picking the flesh off the dead . Should we deploy gunships and bring her in ? Do it Engaging the crybaby Captain , I am picking up a distress signal 13 clicks ahead from a - sounds like a personnel carrier Definitely a big ship , sir . And she 's without power . Wash , we 're on Go Hang on , travelers Let 's moon ' em They 're rabbitting , sir . Should we continue deployment ? Our gunships would never get back to us in time All right Let 's go help these people But put out a bulletin on the cortex and flag Interpol A Firefly with possible stolen goods on board Maybe somebody 'll step on those roaches We look shiny , Captain . They are not-repeat-not coming about . - Close one - Yeah Any one you walk away from , right ? As long as we got the goods , I call this a win Right We win ? Take my love , take my land ? ? Take me where I cannot stand ? ? I don 't care , I 'm still free ? ? You can 't take the sky from me ? ? Take me out to the black ? ? Tell them I ain 't comin 'back ? ? Burn the land and boil the sea ? ? You can 't take the sky from me ? ? There 's no place I can be ? ? Since I 've found serenity ? ? But you can 't take the sky from me ? - Well , there we are - They 're awfully pretty I 'd say worth the little risk . Yeah , that was some pretty risky sitting 'you did there . That 's right Of course ' Cause they wouldn 't arrest me if we got boarded I 'm just the pilot . I can always say that I was flying the ship by accident . They 're pretty - Problem , sir ? Couldn 't say But we best be gettin ' rid of these before we run into another Alliance patrol What the hell they doin ' out this far anyhow ? Shining the light of civilization - How long till we reach Persephone ? - Three or four hours - Can we shave that ? - We 're down to the wire on fuel cells We run hot , we might not even make it Play it as close as you can This catch is burning a hole in my hull - Think that cruiser might have ID 'd us ? - Let 's hope not Contact Badger Tell him the job 's done Don 't go to mentioning the cruiser though Keep it simple - Sir , we 're sure there 's nothing wrong with the ca - - It 's fine just want to get paid All right Let 's get these crates stowed I don 't want any tourists stumbling ' over ' em We 're taking on passengers at Persephone ? That 's the notion Could use a little respectability on the way to Boros - Not to mention the money - Pain in the ass No , it 's shiny I like to meet new people - They 've all got stories - Captain , can you stop her from bein ' cheerful , please ? I don 't believe there 's a power in the ' verse can stop Kaylee from bein ' cheerful Sometimes you just want to duct tape her mouth and dump her in the hold for a month I love my captain - I know somethin ' ain 't right - Sweetie , we 're crooks If everything were right , we 'd be in jail It 's just that the captain 's so tense The man needs a break In fact , we could all use a couple days ' leave We still gotta drop the goods And when we do , we 'll fly off to Boros , rich and prosperous - well , less poor - but with enough to find some sweet little getaway Oh , wouldn 't mind a real bath And a meal that included some form of food just a couple of days lying around You with the bathing Me with the watching you bathe Well , if the captain says it 's all right What if we just told Mal we need a couple of days ' stead of asking him ? - He 's the captain , Wash - Right I 'm just the husband Look , I 'll ask him Don 't forget to call him " sir " He likes that Who likes what ? It 's nothing , sir Has the ambassador checked in yet ? Nah . I think she had a pretty full docket . After you talk to Badger , let her know we may be leaving Persephone in a hurry . Inara has our timetable She should be checking in I can tell her to cut it short , meet us at the docks No , no Don 't want to get in her way if we don 't have to Somebody on this boat has to make an honest living Oh , my God Oh Sihnon isn 't that different from this planet . More crowded , obviously , and I guess more complicated . The great city itself is - pictures can 't capture it It 's like an ocean of light Is that where you studied to be a Companion ? - I was born there - I can 't imagine ever leaving Well , I wanted to see the universe . Do you really have to leave ? I mean I - My father is very influential We could - I could arrange for you to be - The experience has been more than - It was very good - Thank you - The time went too quickly Well , your clock 's probably rigged to speed up and cheat us out of our fun Serenity , this is Shuttle One What 's you ETA ? Inara , hey We 're touching down at the Eavesdown Docks in about 10 minutes . - I 'll join you there Thanks - Lookin 'forward to it . We missed you out here . Yeah Me too Go on This shouldn 't take too long Put us down for departure in about three hours Grab any supplies we 're low on , fuel her up I 'd sure love to find a brand-new compression coil for the steamer I 'd like to be the king of all Londinum and wear a shiny hat Just get us some passengers Them as can pay All right ? The compression coil busts , we 're drifting Best not bust then Zoe - We will Going on a trip , grandpa ? You need safe passage ? We 're cheap We 're cheap , we 're clean The Brutus - best ship in the ' verse What 's your des , grandpa ? Come on . - We 're hittin ' the outer rings - Uh , I never married What ? I 'm not a grandpa Let me see your teeth Yes You 're late You 're lying What did you just say to me ? You 're well aware we landed two hours before we planned to with all the goods you sent us after intact , ready to roll So your decision to get tetchy , say we 're late ... means you 're lookin 'to put us on the defensive right up front . Which means something 's gone wrong . It didn 't go wrong on our end So why don 't we start again with you tellin ' us what 's up You 're later than I 'd like Well , I 'm sorry to hear that You 'd gotten here sooner you might 've beaten the bulletin that came up sayin " Rogue vessel , classification Firefly was spotted pulling ' illegal salvage on a derelict transport " Didn 't ID us Doesn 't lead to you No , it doesn 't But a government stamp on every molecule of the cargo just maybe might Oh , you noticed that . You were gonna hand over imprinted goods and just let me twist ? Is that the case ? - We didn 't pick the cargo - And I didn 't flash my ass at the gorram law There 's no deal That ain 't fair Crime and politics , little girl - the situation is always fluid The only fluid I see here is the puddle of piss refusing to pay us our wage . It doesn 't have to go this way You know you can still unload those goods , so I can 't help thinking ... there 's something else at work here What were you in the war ? That big war you failed to win You were a sergeant , yeah ? Sergeant Malcolm Reynolds Balls and bayonets brigade Big , tough veteran Now you got yourself a ship , and you 're a captain Only I think you 're still a sergeant , see Still a soldier Man of honor in a den of thieves Well , this is my gorram den and I don 't like the way you look down on me I 'm above you Better than Businessman , see ? Roots in the community You 're just a scavenger Maybe I 'm not a fancy gentleman like you with your very fine hat but I do business We 're here for business Try one of the border planets They 're a lot more desperate there Of course , they might kill you But you stay here , and I just know the Alliance will track you down I have that feeling Wheel never stops turning ' , Badger That only matters to the people on the rim You 're gonna come with us Excuse me ? You like ships You don 't seem to be looking at the destinations What you care about is the ships , and mine 's the nicest . She don 't look like much Oh , she 'll fool ya You ever sail in a Firefly ? Long before you were crawling Not an aught-three though Didn 't have the extenders Tended to shake So , uh , how come you don 't care where you 're goin ' ? 'Cause how you get there is the worthier part Are you a missionary ? I guess I 'm a shepherd from the Southdown Abbey Book I 'm called Book Been out of the world for a spell - like to walk it a while Maybe bring the word to them as need it told Well , I 'm Kaylee And this here 's Serenity ... and she 's the smoothest ride from here to Boros for anyone can pay Can you pay or - Well , I got a little cash and , uh - Ooh Grandpa I never married I don 't understand why we didn 't leave that sumbitch in a pool of his own blood We 'd be dead Can 't get paid if you 're dead Can 't get paid if you crawl away like a bitty , little bug neither I got a share of this job Ten percent of nothing is - Let me do the math here Nothin ' and then nothin ' - So we find a buyer on Boros There 's gotta be - Boros is too big It 's crawlin ' with Alliance They could be waiting for us - You really think Badger will sell us out to the feds ? - If he hasn 't already The Alliance catches us with government goods , we 'll lose the ship - That 's never gonna happen - Sir , we could just dump the cargo No ruttin 'way . We ain 't had a job in weeks . I didn 't sign on to take in the sights . - We need coin - Jayne , your mouth is talkin ' You might wanna look to that - I 'm ready to stop talkin ' when - - You 're right , though The last two jobs we had were weak tea We got nothin ' saved Takin ' on passengers won 't help near enough We don 't get paid for this cargo , we don 't have enough money to fuel the ship Let alone keep her in repair She 'll be dead in the water So we do like Badger said ? The border planets ? I 'm thinking Whitefall , maybe talk to Patience - Sir , we don 't want to deal with Patience again - Why not ? - She shot you - Well , yeah She did a bit Still - So we find somebody else Horowitz - He can 't afford it - Holden boys They wouldn 't touch it Want me to go through the list ? Capshaws are brain-blown Gruviek 's dead - He 's dead ? - Town got hit by reavers Burned it right down I ain 't goin ' anywhere near reaver territory Them people ain 't human Whitefall is the safest and the closest It 's been a long time since Patience shot me and that was due to a perfectly legitimate conflict of interest I got no grudge She owns half that damn moon now She could afford what we got , and she might need it I still don 't think the old lady 's the way I 'm not sayin 'it won 't be tricky ... but we got no kind of choice . - Welcome aboard , Mr - - Dobson - Dobson - We gotta keep our heads down do the job , and pray there ain 't no more surprises Please be careful with that Mal , this is Simon Simon , this is our captain Captain Reynolds Welcome aboard This all we got ? Now we have a boat full of citizens right on top of our stolen cargo That 's a fun mix Ain 't no way in the ' verse they could find that compartment , even if - even if they were looking for it Why not ? 'Cause Oh , yeah This is gonna go great If anyone gets nosy , you know , just shoot ' em - Shoot ' em ? - Politely Yeah . We throw in that - Inara . Just in time . Let me guess . We 're in a hurry . Looks like Starboard hatch green for docking Locked in five , four - The ambassador has returned We got a full house , Captain Kaylee , I 'm lockin ' it up All aboard Meals are taken up here in the dining area . Kitchen 's pretty much self-explanatory . You 're welcome to eat what there is any time . What there is is pretty standard fare - protein in all the colors of the rainbow We do have sit-down meals - next one being at about 1800 I think Shepherd Book has offered to help me prepare something You 're a shepherd ? I thought the outfit gave it away Is it a problem ? Of course not It 's not a problem 'cause it 's not No As I said you 're welcome to visit the dining area anytime Apart from that , I have to ask you to stay in the passenger dorm while we 're in the air The bridge , engine room , cargo bay - they 're all off-limits without an escort Some of my personal effects are in the cargo bay I figure you all got luggage you 're gonna need Soon as we 're done here , we 'll be happy to fetch ' em with you . Now , I have to tell you all one other thing and I apologize in advance for the inconvenience Unfortunately , we 've been ordered by the Alliance to drop some medical supplies off on Whitefall It 's the fourth moon on Athens . It 's out of our way , but we should have you on Boros no more than a day off schedule What medical supplies ? I honestly didn 't ask Probably plasma , insulin - whatever they ain 't got enough of on the border moons - Alliance says jump - - All right - Zoe , you want to take them to the cargo bay ? - Yes , sir Anything else you need , just ask . We , uh , live to serve . - Did you send word to Patience ? - Ain 't heard back yet Didn 't she shoot you one time ? Everybody 's makin ' a fuss Oops I 'm sorry Ah , the ambassador graces us with her presence Hello , Mal I see we have some new faces - Hey , you - Hey , you Ambassador , this is Shepherd Book . I 'd have to say this is the first time we 've had a preacher on board . Well , I wasn 't expecting to see a state official either Ambassador I 'm missing something funny . - Not so funny - Ambassador is Mal 's way of saying - - She 's a whore , Shepherd . - The term is " Companion " I always get those mixed up . How 's business ? - None of yours - She is pretty much our ambassador There 's plenty of planets wouldn 't let you dock without a decent Companion on board . This - This isn 't a problem for you , is it , Shepherd ? Well , I - - I certainly - - It 's all right I mostly keep to myself When I 'm not whoring Don 't you want to meet the rest of the bunch ? Why don 't you make sure they want to meet me first ? So how many fell madly in love with you and wanted to take you away from all this ? just the one I think I 'm slipping - Oh , I 'm starved . - This is incredible - It is great . - It 's not much I had a garden at the abbey thought I should bring what I could - It 's very kind of you to share with all of us - It won 't last . - I 'm taking this to Wash - They 're not the same when they 're frozen - Pass the tomatoes - The important thing is the spices A man can live on packaged food from here till Judgment Day if he 's got enough rosemary Captain , do you mind if I say grace ? Only if you say it out loud So , does it happen a lot ? Government commandeering your ship ... - telling you where to go ? - That 's what governments are for - get in a man 's way Well , it 's good if the supplies are needed . We 're just happy to be doing good works I hear a lot of the border moons are in bad shape - plagues and famine Some of that 's exaggerated , and some of it ain 't All those moons , just like the central planets ... they 're as close to Earth-That-Was as we can make ' em - gravity , atmosphere and such , but - Once they 're terra-formed , they 'll dump settlers on there ... with nothing but blankets , hatchets - maybe a herd Some of them make it Some of them - Then I guess it 's good we 're helping You 're a doctor , right ? Oh , uh , yes , I was a trauma surgeon on Osiris in Capital City Long way from here You seem so young to be a doctor Yeah You 're pretty young to be a ship 's mechanic Know how . Machines just got workings , and they talk to me That 's a rare gift Well , not like being a doctor Helping fix people - that 's important Little Kaylee here just wishes you was a gynecologist Jayne ... you will keep a civil tongue in that mouth , or I will sew it shut Is there an understanding between us ? You don 't pay me to talk pretty Just because Kaylee gets lubed up over some big-city dandy - Walk away from this table Right now What do you pay him for ? - What ? - I was just wondering what his job is on the ship Public relations - If I 'm intruding - - Not at all I expected you Couldn 't really say the same So , would you like to lecture me on the wickedness of my ways ? I brought you some supper But if you 'd prefer a lecture I have a few very catchy ones prepped . Sin and hellfire One has lepers I think I 'll pass But thank you for this The captain said you might like it I was surprised at his concern For a lowly whore ? It was unjust of him to say that Believe me , I 've called him worse Anyway , I suspect he has more interest in making you uncomfortable than me He 's not wildly interested in ingratiating himself with anyone Yet he seems very protective of his crew It 's odd Why are you so fascinated by him ? Because he 's something of a mystery Why are you ? Because so few men are Mal , you might want to get up here . What is it ? A signal Somebody went on the cortex , hailed the nearest Alliance cruiser - Tell me you scrambled it - All to hell , but I don 't know how much got through Alliance got a pin in us for sure . We got a mole on board Forget your toothpaste ? Are you out of your mind ? just about What 'd you tell them ? Tell who ? I got exactly no time for games What do they know ? You 're a lunatic And you 're a gorram fed Hate to say it , Captain but you 've got the wrong man - Son of a bitch - Drop that firearm , Captain Reynolds This is not my best day ever Simon Tam , you are bound by law to stand down What ? The doctor Oh Hey , is there - is there a reward ? Get on the ground - Get on the ground ! - Lawman , you are making a mistake Get on the ground , son The man seems a mite twitchy I think everybody could stand to calm down a bit . This isn 't your business , Shepherd The boy 's not going anywhere , lawman - As I understand it , it 's pretty cold outside - Not to worry . Put Lord Fauntleroy in one of the passenger cells He won 't make a peep - Get the hell away from that weapon ! Do you think I 'm a complete back-birth ? You 're carrying a fugitive across interplanetary borders You think I believe you 're bringing medical supplies to Whitefall ? As far as I care , everyone on this ship is culpable . Well , now That has an effect on the landscape Please , we 're very close to true stupidity here . I got a cruiser en route for intercept So talk all you want You got about 20 minutes - You might have less than that - Yeah , threaten me - For God 's sake - You think I wouldn 't shoot a shepherd ? Back off - Take the kid . - Get your hands off - Stand the hell down ! - What is - Stop it ! - Wha - - Kaylee ! - How do you feel ? - A little odd - Be still . Be still . - Out of the way - You 're not killing this man - Not right away - He 's no threat - Why did he - Oh , wow That ain 't hardly a mosquito bite Big mosquito - Move - Not gonna happen I ain 't jokin ' , Preacher Jayne . just tie him up Do it Kaylee , stay with me . Stay with me . - Can you move your feet ? - Are you asking me to dance ? - She 's going into shock - Kaylee - Mei-mei , you have to focus - The gun , Shepherd Please The infirmary working ? Yeah , we got it stocked Captain , we 've been hailed by a cruiser - ordered to stay on course ... and dock for prisoner transfer . Change course - Run - Hell with you - You brought this down on us I 'm dumping you with the law - Mal - She 's dying - You 're not gonna let her - Yes , I am - No , you can 't - No way the feds 'll let us walk - Then we dump him in a shuttle and leave him - Everybody 's so mad - It 's okay - Know what a stomach wound does ? - I surely do Then you know how crucial the next few minutes are You let her die , you 'll never make it to the feds - She 'll still be dead - You rich kids You think your lives are the only thing that matters . What 'd you do ? Kill your folks for the family fortune ? - I don 't kill people - Then do your job - Turn the ship around - Enough ! Mal , do it Don 't you ever tell me what to do on - Zoe , change course Help me get her up Wash , change course and go for hard burn We 're runnin - You have an extractor ? - Got a laser saw No , that 's not good enough Uh , my room , red bag - When this is over , you and me are gonna have a personal chat - Won 't that be fun Dope her Can 't do any more till she stabilizes - Will she ? - I can 't say yet I want to know what 's going on here Well , then why don 't we find out ? What are - No ! No Stay away from that Where 's the fed ? Secured The shepherd 's with him He seems to think he 's not safe alone with me . No Well , let 's see what a man like you would kill for No , don 't ! Huh I need to check her vitals Oh , is that what they call it ? - She 's not supposed to wake up for another week The shock - - The shock of what ? Waking up ? Finding out she 's been sold to some border-world baron ? Or - I 'm sorry Was this one for you ? Is it true love ? You do seem a little - R - River - Hey It 's okay It 's okay It 's okay It 's okay I 'm here Simon Simon , they - they talk to me - They want me to - They want me to - - No They 're gone They 're gone They 're gone They 're gone We 're safe now We 're safe We 're safe I 'm here Come here What the hell is this ? This is my sister I am very smart . I went to the best medacad on Osiris . Top three percent of my class . Finished my internship in eight months . " Gifted " is the term So when I tell you that my little sister makes me look like an idiot child ... I want you to understand my full meaning River was more than gifted . She - She was a gift Everything she did - you know , music , math ... theoretical physics , even - even dance - there was nothing that didn 't come as naturally to her ... as breathing does to us And she could be a real brat about it too I mean , she used to - There was a - a school - a , uh - a government-sponsored academy We had never even heard of it , but it had the most exciting program - the most challenging . We could have sent her anywhere . We had the money , but ... she wanted to go She wanted to learn She was 14 I , uh - I got a few letters at first , and then I didn 't hear for months Finally I got a letter that made no sense . She - She talked about things that never happened Jokes that we never - It was a code Itjust said ... " They 're hurting us Get me out . " How 'd you do it ? Money And - And luck For two years I couldn 't get near her . Then I was contacted by some men - some underground movement They - They said that she was in danger , that - that the government was playing with her brain If I funded them , they could sneak her out in cryo ... get her to Persephone , and from there I could take her wherever Will she be all right ? I don 't know if she 'll be all right . I don 't know what they did to her Or why I - I just have to keep her safe That 's quite a story , son . Yeah It 's a tale of woe Very stirring In the meantime , you 've heaped a world of trouble on me and mine . - I never thought - - No , I don 't imagine you thought In consequence of which we got a kidnapped federal officer on board we got the Alliance hard on our trail and Kaylee - How much does the Alliance know ? I can 't say I killed the message pretty quick , so they may just have our position Or they might have personal profiles on each and every one of us - Till that fed wakes up , we won 't know - So what do we do ? The job We finish the job I got word from Patience She 's waiting for us We circle round to Whitefall make the deal , get out , keep flying . What about us ? Kaylee comes through , you and your sister get off at Whitefall If she doesn 't come through ? Well , then you 're getting off a mite sooner - That 'd be murder - Boy made a decision - He didn 't shoot her - No , but somebody else did and I 'm scratching my head as to why we ain 't dealt with him Kill a fed ? Can you think of a stupider thing to do ? - He can ID us - Throw me out the air lock Fine But River is not a part of this . - Can we maybe vote on the whole murdering people issue ? - We don 't vote on my ship - My ship is not the rutting town hall - This is insanity I think we 're a ways beyond that now , sir - We 're gonna talk this through - I will not sit by while there 's killing . The way it is is the way it is We gotta deal with what 's in front of us Mal , you know those two wouldn 't survive a day in Whitefall anyway You throw them out , I 'm leaving too It might be best you do You ain 't a part of this business What business is that exactly ? I 'm a dead man I can 't know ? Is it gold ? Drugs ? Pirate treasure ? What is it that makes you so afraid of the Alliance ? You don 't want to go down this road with me , boy Oh , you 're not afraid of them ? I already know you 'd sell me out to them for a pat on the head Hell , you should probably be working for them You certainly fit the profi - Saw that comin I 'm in a tricky position I guess you know Got me a boatload of terribly strange folk makin ' my life a little more interesting than I generally like . Chief among them an Alliance mole - likes to shoot at girls when he 's nervous Now I gotta know how close the Alliance is exactly how much you told them before Wash scrambled your call So I 've given Jayne here the job of finding out He was nonspecific as to how Now you 're only gonna scare him - Pain is scary - Just do it right You have any idea how much trouble you 're in ? Gee , I never been in trouble with the law before No , not like this you haven 't You think this is just a smuggling rap ? - The package that boy is carrying - - It 's a girl She 's cute too Except I don 't think she 's all there , you know Course , not all of her has to be That girl is a precious commodity They 'll come after her Long after you bury me , they 'll be coming Oh , I 'm not gonna kill you , Dobson What 's your first name ? Lawrence Lawrence Ah I 'm just gonna cut on ya till you tell me how much they know They know everything They know every name , every record They know how many nose hairs you 've got Aw , see ? They don 't know a damn thing It 's all over your face I ain 't even - I was gonna get me a ear too Aren 't you an officer of the law ? Well , don 't they teach you how to withstand interrogation ? You can 't even tell a damn lie Okay I can see you 're not an idiot Wish I could say the same , Lawrence , but this is disappointing as hell Let me speak a language you will understand - money This girl is worth a lot of money . I mean a lot . Now , you kill me , there 's nothing But if you help me out ... you 'll have enough to buy your own ship Better one than this piece of crap Does helping you out mean turning on the captain ? Yes , it does - How the hell 'd they find us ? You said we could get around them - It 's not Alliance - You sure ? - Nah , it 's a smaller vessel - Commercial ? - Uh , yeah . I read it as an older model Trans-U - I didn 't think Trans-U still operated - They don 't - Get me a visual - They 're still too far out Get me somethin I 'm picking up a lot of radiation They 're operating without core containment . That 's - That 's suicide Reavers Oh , God Oh , God Oh , God This is the captain . We 're passing another ship . Looks to be reavers . From the size , probably a raiding party . Could be they 're headed somewhere particular Could be they already hit someone and they 're full up . So everyone stay calm . We try to run , they 'll have to chase us . It 's their way . We 're holding course We should be passing them in a minute So we 'll see what they do Zoe , you come on up to the bridge Uh , I don 't understand - You never heard of reavers ? - Uh - Campfire stories - men gone savage on the edge of space , killing - They 're not stories What happens if they board us ? If they take the ship , they 'll rape us to death eat our flesh and sew our skins into their clothing And if we 're very , very lucky , they 'll do it in that order There 's their magnetic grappler They get a hold of us with that - just tell me if they alter course They 're holding course I guess they weren 't hungry . Didn 't expect to see them here They 're pushing out further every year too Gettin ' awful crowded in my sky Hey , Captain . Hey Hello , Kaylee What 's the news ? I 'm shiny , Captain A-OK I can 't feel much below my belly though It 's gettin ' cold Well , you just gotta rest Something 's gonna break down on this boat real soon Who else I got to fix it ? Oh , don 't you worry none Doc fixed me up pretty He 's nice Don 't go working ' too hard on that crush , mei-mei . Doc won 't be with us for long You 're nice too No , I 'm not I 'm a mean old man He wasn 't gonna let me die He was just trying to - It 's nobody 's fault Okay Just promise me you 're gonna remember that I 'll keep it in mind You are a nice man , Captain . You 're always looking after us You just gotta have faith in people . She 's a real beauty , isn 't she ? - It 's just a standard Companion immunization package - Thank you - I 'm not sure if it 'll help in this - - It won 't hurt Supplies down there are pretty rudimentary Is there anything else I can do ? I don 't think so , but I appreciate it Kaylee 's very dear to all of us I - I 'm sorry For my part in what happened . I - I 've never - I mean , I - I don 't know how to - You 're lost in the woods We all are Even the captain The only difference is he likes it that way No , the only difference is the woods are the only place I can see a clear path - What 's your business here ? - It 's my business The usual . I gave the boy ... a free thrust since he 's not long for this world What are you doing in my shuttle ? It 's my shuttle You rent it Then when I 'm behind on the rent , you can enter unasked I thought you were leaving anyhow Well , I guess that depends on you You 'll ruin her too , you know This is the thing I see you 're uncomprehending on Everyone on this ship even a legitimate businesswoman like her their lives can be snatched away because of that fed You got a solution for that ? You got a way around ? - I don 't - Comes time , someone 's gonna have to deal with him That should be you But I don 't think you got the guts And I know you don 't have the time What do you mean ? Kaylee 's dead The man 's psychotic You are psychotic No , you should 've seen his face Oh , I 'm a bad man - And Kaylee 's really okay ? - Yeah To tell the truth , I didn 't expect her to heal this quick Doctor knows his trade , I 'll give him that - Being hailed - That 'd be Patience We 're close enough for vid Put her up - Malcolm Reynolds ? - Hello , Patience I have to say , I didn 't look to be hearin 'from you anytime soon . Well , we may not have parted on the best of terms I realize certain words were exchanged Also , certain bullets But that 's air through the engine . It 's past . We 're businesspeople . Besides , your days of fighting over salvage rights are long behind you , what I hear - What are you , mayor now ? - Just about You tellin ' the truth about that cargo ? 'Cause your asking price is a bit too reasonable for that much treasure It 's imprinted - Alliance - hence the discount - Oh , government goods , huh ? - That doesn 't work for you , no harm - Just thought you could use - - Alliance don 't scare me just collatin ' data , as they say I like that you 're up front about it We can deal I 'll upload coordinates for a rendezvous point outside of town See you in the world . I believe that woman 's planning ' to shoot me again She meant to pay you , she 'd have haggled you down some Just a little effort to hide it would 've been - - Sir , we don 't have to deal with her - Yes , we do Here 's a little concept I been workin 'on - - Why don 't we shoot her first ? - It is her turn - That doesn 't get us what we need either - There 's moons we ain 't seen - We could try our luck - - Our luck ? You notice anything particular about our luck these past few days ? Any kind of pattern ? You depend on luck , you end up on the drift - no fuel , no prospects ... beggin 'for Alliance make-work , gettin 'towed out to the scrap belt . That ain 't us Not ever Patience has got the money to pay and she will , one way or another There 's obstacles in our path , and we 're gonna deal with ' em one by one We 'll get through this . We will . Nice place for an ambush That it is Here you are I buried ' em good Equipment 's back on the boat Testing Testing , Captain , can you hear me ? - I 'm standing right here - You 're comin ' through good and loud - ' Cause I 'm standing right here - Yeah , well , but the transmitter 's - Patience is gonna figure we buried the cargo which means putting ' us to our ease before there 's any action She 'll come at us from the east talk the location out of us She 'll have the coin to show us first We get it , give the location Snipers hit us from there and there - You figure they 're in place yet ? - Should be . Feel like takin ' a walk around the park ? Sure you don 't just want to piss yourself and back down like you did with Badger ? Walk soft I want Patience thinkin ' they 're still in place Don 't kill anyone if you don 't have to . We 're here to make a deal . Don 't think it 's a good spot , sir She still has the advantage over us Everyone always does That 's what makes us special Lawman It 's Shepherd Book I believe you 're in more danger - Ah Mal - How you doin ' , boy ? - Walkin ' and talkin Is that Zoe ? You still sailin' with this old bum ? Awful lot of men to haul three crates Yeah , well , I couldn 't be sure my Mal here wouldn 't be lookin 'for some kind of payback . - You understand . - We 're just on the job , Patience Not interested in surprises I don 't see my cargo anywhere And you 're not gonna till I 'm holdin ' 200 in platinum Oh , come on , Reynolds I 'm supposed to take it on faith that you got the goods ? It 's pure , Patience . Genuine ' A " grade foodstuffs - protein , vitamins ... immunization supplements . One of those would feed a family for a month . Longer , if they don 't like their kids too well Yep That 's the stuff So where 's the rest ? Simon ? What 's wrong , sweetie ? Look at you , all woke up Oh , I 'm sorry about what happened before , but make so much as a sound the next one goes through your throat And east half a mile , bottom of the first hill you 'll see where it 's been dug . I reckon I will - Well , then - Yep I 'd appreciate it if you all turn around and ride out first Well , you see , there 's a kinda hitch . - We both made out on this deal Don 't complicate things - I got a rule I never let go of money I don 't have to Which is maybe why I 'm runnin 'this little world ... and you 're still on that dinky old boat sniffing ' for scraps Got the money back There 's no need for killin - We 're just gonna walk away , sir ? - Guess that 's up to Patience , here - Could be messy - Not terribly Mal , you just ain 't very bright , are ya ? That 's quite a rifle Boy must be your best shot to carry that . Called " Two-Fry " . Always makes it quick and clean . Two-Fry Nice hat Should think about asking the captain to drop you somewhere else Whitefall ain 't exactly civilization in the strictest sense You don 't have to worry about me Well , Zoe 's out on a deal I always worry So , it 's not out of my way He took her . He took River Oh , don 't - Don 't you dare Watch out ! Hyah ! Hyah ! - Zoe ? - Armor 's dented Well , you 're right about this being a bad idea - Thanks for sayin ' , sir - Mal , don 't you take another step ! Now I did a job I ain 't got nothing but trouble since I did it not to mention more than a few unkind words as regard to my character So let me make this abundantly clear I do the job and then I get paid Go run your little world Mal , it 's Wash ! We got a ship comin 'in ! They followed us ! The gorram reavers followed us ! No , don 't ! - Don 't move - Reavers ! Reavers , incoming and heading straight for us . We are in the air in one minute . I guess they got hungry again You can do that ? You 're gonna kill a lawman in cold blood ? I know what you did for your sister . I understand It doesn 't make you a killer I don 't want to hurt anybody . I have a job to do - to uphold the law - that 's what we 're talking about here Come on , come on ! Where the hell are you guys ? There 's nowhere you can take her the law won 't find Nobody is going to hurt her ... - unless you hurt me . - No , I said ! I said don 't-don 't move . It 's your call I 'm not playing anymore Anybody makes so much - Jayne ! Wash , we 're on ! - How close are they ? - About 20 seconds from spitting distance - Well , lose ' em - Gimme the vid - How close they need to be to fire those grapplers ? - Dodge ' em ! If everyone could just be quiet a moment I need Kaylee in the engine room , please - Can she even - - Get her in there now I want you in your shuttle Get the civilians and get ready to go - We can 't just leave you here - Well , that was the plan - Mal , don 't do this - We get boarded , you take off Head for town We might be able to stop them from following you - They 'll kill you - Inara - Go - How we doin ' ? - I don 't mean to alarm anybody but I think we 're being followed You three , come with me I think I can help Kaylee out - Should I - - Take her Keep her safe Can 't keep this up They get a bead , they 're gonna lock us down Kaylee , how we doin ' ? Gonna need a little push here - You want me to go for full burn ? - Notjust yet . - But set it up . - You know where the press regulator is ? Head of the class We 're ready for full burn on your mark . Full burn in atmo ? That won 't cause a blowback , burn us out ? Even if it doesn 't , they can push just as hard , keep right on us Wash , you gotta give me an Ivan I 'll see what I can do Kaylee How would you feel about pulling ' a Crazy Ivan ? Always wanted to try one jayne , open the port jack control , cut the hydraulics - Where the hell is - - Look ! Look ! Look where I 'm pointing Okay Now it 's real simple - They 're on us ! - Kaylee Come on , come on , come on , come on - Okay . - Everybody hold on to something Here 's something you can 't do Now ! I knew I hired you for something . Whoo ! Whoo-hoo ! Ain 't no way they can come around in time to follow us now We 're good , people We 're out of the woods . Whoo-hoo-hoo ! Yeah ! That 's my girl That 's my good girl We should have just enough left in us to hit a fuel station We 'll need to do some patching up - I hope we got paid today - We did Sir ? I 'd like you to take the helm , please . I need this man to tear all my clothes off Work , work , work Should really have the young doctor look at this - It 's not so bad - Well , I 'm sure you 'll be fine I didn 't say that Is this what life is out here ? Sometimes I 've been out of the abbey two days I 've beaten a lawman senseless I 've fallen in with criminals I 've watched the captain shoot the man I swore to protect . And I 'm not even sure if I think he was wrong Shepherd - I believe I just - I think I 'm on the wrong ship Maybe Or maybe you 're exactly where you ought to be The shot I gave you will help you sleep - I slept for so long , didn 't I ? - Just a little while And then we 'll find a place We 'll find a safe place I didn 't think you 'd come for me Well , you 're a dummy The girl 's a problem . The lawman said they 'd keep looking for her . Something about her ... brain bein 'all special , important to the Alliance brass . - Sooner we dump them two , the better - Suppose so Funny how the lawman got out of his room you havin ' tied him up so well and all I didn 't have nothing to do with that Anyhow , it all turned outjust fine . Buzzards are the only ones gonna find him But he did try to make a deal with you , right ? - How come you didn 't turn on me , Jayne ? - Money wasn 't good enough What happens when it is ? Well , that 'll be an interesting day Imagine it will - You need me to look at that ? - It 's just a graze So , where do you plan on dumping us ? There 's places you might be safe If you want the truth , though , you 're probably safer on the move And we never stop movin I 'm confused No , wait I - I think maybe you 're confused It may have become apparent to you that the ship could use a medic You ain 't weak Don 't know how bright you are , top three percent , but you ain 't weak , and that 's not nothin You live by my rule-you keep your sister from doing anything crazy - you could maybe find a place here , till you find a better Uh , I 'm trying to put this as delicately as I can How do I know you won 't kill me in my sleep ? You don 't know me , son , so let me explain this to you once If I ever kill you , you 'll be awake You 'll be facing me , and you 'll be armed Are you always this sentimental ? I had a good day You had the Alliance on you - criminals and savages . Half the people on this ship have been shot or wounded , including yourself - and you 're harboring known fugitives - Well , we 're still flyin - That 's not much - It 's enough Grr ! Arrgh !
