 Walt Disney 's Disneyland . # When you wish upon a star # # Makes no difference who you are # Each week , as you enter this timeless land , one of these many worlds will open to you . Frontierland . Tall tales and true from the legendary past . Tomorrowland . Promise of things to come . Adventureland . The wonderworld of nature 's own realm . Fantasyland . The happiest kingdom of them all . Presenting this week ... Ladies and gentlemen , here is your host , Walt Disney . Thank you , Garco . In this exciting age when everyone seems to be talking about the future possibilities of space travel , there 's much speculation on what we will discover when we visit other worlds . Will we find planets with only a low form of vegetable life , or will they be robots controlled by superintelligent beings ? One of the most fascinating fields of modern science deals with the possibility of life on other planets . This is our story . In the beginning , man 's world was his cave . His only concern was for food and companionship . With the sun came the day , bringing warmth and light . With the stars came the night , bringing darkness and fear . Later , when man became a shepherd , he spent more time contemplating the mystery of the stars . Because they moved , he believed them to be living , possibly the children of the moon breaking away when the moon grew smaller . Then he noticed the reappearance of star formations he had seen before . Where had they come from , and where were they going ? An important discovery . The stars fell into the sea . Man 's conception of his world had expanded . The Earth was an island floating in water circled by a glittering ring of heavenly objects . As man learned to till the soil , he associated the stars with events of good and evil . When the Bull was in the heavens , he planted his crops . This was good . Aquarius , the Water Carrier , brought the rains . This was also good . With the Virgin of the Harvest , the crops were gathered . This was very good . But Draco the Dragon brought pestilence and famine . This was evil . Then man began to build cities with towers to bring him closer to the heavens . Man became an astronomer . He sought a more logical explanation for the Earth and the heavens above . The Earth must be flat , with its roots deep in celestial waters . In time , he changed the roots to stone pillars to afford easier passage for the stars in their nightly journey . Later , elephants were substituted because of their great strength . To support the elephants , he added a gigantic tortoise who pulled the universe through cosmic waters with infinite slowness . The Egyptians , who loved to draw , represented Earth as a reclining figure with a star-filled sky bending over the top . Shu , the God of Air , kept them apart while the sun and the moon sailed back and forth in a small boat . The Greeks were among the first learned men of astronomy . These great philosophers gave the world many profound conceptions of Earth and space . Plato said ... I have found the Earth to be the perfect shape of a cube , standing in the center of the universe with all other heavenly bodies scattered round and about . Anaxagoras had this to say . Being in the center of the universe , the Earth is assailed by the rotating ether , which tears away bits of Earth , flinging them outward , setting them afire , creating stars and planets . Then there was Aristarchus . Gentlemen , I disagree . The sun is obviously in the center , with the Earth and other planets traveling in circular paths . And thus the sun ... Finally , there was Ptolemy . Learned men of science , I have listened to all your arguments . I now decree that our great Earth stands immovable as the hub of the universe . The supreme center of intelligent thinking . Thus Ptolemy 's decree was blindly accepted as the law of science for over 1 , 000 years . Free and logical thought was stifled by a black period of stupidity , superstition , and sorcery . With the Renaissance came a learned monk . Nicolaus Copernicus . He proved mathematically that the Earth was not the center of the universe , but was merely one of many planets ... Circling the glowing sun . In 1610 , Galileo published his " Sidereus Nuncius , " in which he described the wonders of the heavens as seen through that great new invention , the telescope . The planets were not spots of light , but were spheres like the Earth . Jupiter had belts of color . Venus had phases like the moon . Saturn had a gorgeous ring . And Mars was round and red . People began to speculate about life on other worlds . One of the first to describe people of other planets was the romantic Frenchman Bernard de Fontenelle . While walking with a young lady in a garden , he discusses the possibility of life on other worlds . She is delighted with the prospect of learning astronomy . The sun is a boiling ball of liquid gold . The inhabitants cannot see these riches . They are blind . Mercury is so close to the sun that the people are crazy with the heat . Venus is the planet of passion . People do not cook because they live on air , music , and love . The men of Saturn are very cold and miserable . They never move from the spot where they are born . Jupiter is so big that people never see or meet other people . Mars is very populated with luminous birds who do not fly . In Sweden , a philosopher 's conception of life in our solar system revealed that the people of Mercury are very thin . They have tremendous memories . Their cattle are extremely small . The natives of Jupiter are pretty . They do not lie or steal . But they are terrified at the sight of their giant Jupiter-type horses . There are two kinds of people on Venus . Mild people and fierce people . Inhabitants of Mars are clothed in fibers . They converse by means of thought transference . During the 19th century , Mars was more and more regarded as the planet most likely to harbor life , especially when astronomers thought they saw specks of light appear on the surface of the red planet . Many believed these were attempts to signal the Earth , and immediately plans were laid to build a gigantic mirror to return the friendly greetings . Later , Kurd Lasswitz thrilled the world with his story about a crew of earthmen who are captured by a magnetic Martian spaceship . The earthmen are taken to Mars , where they are wined and dined on synthetic food . In a story by Robert Braine called " Messages from Mars , " a sailor is marooned on a lonely island off Madagascar . He discovers a rare and powerful telescope plant , which he immediately focuses on Mars . The Martians he sees are exactly 10 feet tall . Their favorite culture is music , which they inhale in great quantities through their noses . As the 20th century dawned , H. G. Wells excited countless imaginations with his approach to life on Mars . In his " War of the Worlds , " he describes an invasion of the Earth by octopus-like creatures who are encased in giant fighting machines . With their heat rays and poisonous gases , they 're quite invincible , until they encounter the common germs in our atmosphere . Ah ... ah ... Choo ! Wells followed his science-fiction story with a more serious discussion . He reasoned plants would grow taller and thinner in the weaker gravity of Mars and insects would probably be larger than those on Earth . The Martian animals , covered with fur or feathers during winter , would lose their covering with the coming of summer . The people of Mars would probably walk on their hind legs , their barrel-chested bodies covered with a coating of down . Their ample skulls would be crammed with intelligence . And their trunk-like noses indispensable for feats of engineering . Edgar Rice Burroughs supplied his readers with a complete Martian dictionary . Barsoomian . Warlike people of Mars . Human bipeds with variegated color characteristics . Banth . Martian lion , dwells in dead-sea areas . Is carnivorous , has 10 legs . Calot . A pony-sized Martian dog with a frog-like head . Foat . A dog-sized Martian horse with about eight legs . Martian plant man . Half-human , half-plant , 10 feet tall . Has one white-ringed protruding eye . Through the years , there have been rumors that Martians disguised as earthmen walk amongst us . These stories are perhaps strengthened by the thousands of reports of unidentified flying objects passing in an endless procession across our skies . Today , a space-conscious public avidly consumes tons of story material about life on other planets . A typical cosmic soap opera usually begins at a very ultrasecret government space project . The hero is a young electronics genius who is always busy formulating new laws of thermodynamics and astrophysics . The heroine is his secretary . Efficient , hardworking , and rather attractive . Of course , the villain is a mechanical robot from Mars . He is usually controlled by a Martian mastermind whose appearance is too horrible to reveal at this time . The escape device is a late-model electrophlegmatic flying saucer . The story plot usually concerns the lack of some precious element on Mars , such as water or uranium or women . Take a letter , Miss Smith . Gentlemen , after due consideration and calculation , it is my unequivocal opinion that there is absolutely no life on the planet Mars . Today , as modern science seeks to understand the miracle of creation , it sees an infinite universe , cold and dark , inconceivably vast , without beginning , without end . Across this cosmic void , trillions of island universes move . In one of these , the Milky Way , our sun is but a tiny star among 300 billion other stars or suns . Scientists now estimate that 30 billion of these suns have captive planets . Since the laws of creation appear to be universal , it is almost certain that many of these planets harbor life . Life in the dawn of evolution , life in the twilight of existence , life where intelligence may have developed far beyond the stage of man . As an example of how the wonders of life may be evolving with infinite variation on other planets throughout the universe , let us follow the story of our own Earth from its misty beginnings . In the blackness of space , the faint pressure of starlight gradually compresses billions of tiny particles into a tremendous cloud of dust and gas . For millions of years , this cloud contracts with the growing pull of gravity until , in the hot , glowing center , the sun is born . Swept into a flattened disk , whirlpools of heavy elements form the planets to circle in permanent orbits around the sun . The Earth begins to cool and shrink . Its molten crust pouring out dense clouds of steam and carbon dio xide . In these primeval vapors , the stage of life is set . Steam condenses to rain . For centuries , great torrents of water tear at the rocky face of the Earth , creating the vast oceans . For centuries , rich salts and minerals are washed from the land and carried down to the sea . A billion years have passed . Now the warm primordial sea is the cradle of life . Here are gathered the elements of nature from which life will emerge . One of these elements , found throughout the universe , is carbon , first link in the chain of living things . The carbon atom is unique , for it alone combines with itself and other elements in millions of intricate structures to form the complex molecules of organic compounds . In the slow course of time , some are transformed into proteins , the foundation of all life . These microscopic particles join with other elements to produce millions of delicate combinations . Most are destroyed , but a few of the strongest survive . Now , with time as the main ingredient , evolution of life is inevitable . Eventually , from the complex forces of nature emerges the first organism . The first living cell . A microscopic speck of jelly able to grow and reproduce with great speed . As the eternal process of change continues , some cells group together in colonies . And from these evolve blue-green algae , the first primitive plants . In shallow pools , the chlorophyll of these plants converts the energy of sunlight into living tissue . For the first time , great quantities of precious o xygen are released , making possible ever-higher forms of life . Ages roll by . The first minute cells of animal life appear , dependent on o xygen from the plants to survive . In the millions of centuries that follow , an infinite variety of plant and animal life begins to unfold . Endless adaptation , constant change , infinite variation through inconceivable lengths of time . At last from the maternal sea , life emerges ready to challenge the hostile forces of a new environment . The pageant of living things spreads across the face of the land . Emerging during the last few seconds in the hour of time is man . Nature has created in man its most complex mechanism . The chemical processes that keep man alive are dependent on a never-ending supply of o xygen and constant body temperature . He automatically maintains an internal temperature of 98 . 6 degrees . But if prolonged exposure to severe heat or cold upsets his delicate balance by just a few degrees , man dies . Yet , given proper protection , man can carry on his everyday life within a temperature range of about 100 degrees . Nearly all plant and animal life as we know it exists within this same temperature span . There are some exceptions , however . Certain simple organisms such as lichen , algae , and bacteria can withstand more severe heat and cold . Broad as life 's temperature range seems to us , it is nothing compared to the bitter cold and intense heat that mark the extremes of our solar system . At one end , the sun blazes at 10 , 000 degrees . Its radiant heat dissipates rapidly until , after a billion miles , we find the outer planets , Uranus , Neptune , and Pluto , at temperatures of more than 300 degrees below zero . Here on Pluto , the distant sun glows but faintly over silent landscapes of frozen gases and lakes of liquid ammonia . Here an earthman would succumb in 15 seconds from the complete lack of o xygen , his body freezing solid in a few minutes . Moving nearer to the sun , we find Saturn . In spite of its majestic beauty , the poisonous atmosphere of ammonia and methane gas would be a deathtrap . Jupiter is closer to the sun but is still intolerably cold at 200 degrees below freezing . Like Saturn , its air is poisonous . Again , man would quickly suffocate from lack of o xygen , his frail body torn by dense gases blowing in gales up to 400 miles an hour . These outer planets are far too cold and hostile for life as we know it . On the other hand , if man should visit Mercury , the planet closest to the sun , he would find it much too hot for life to exist . Mercury is a small and airless world with one burning face turned always to the sun . Man 's blood would boil in this vacuum , and his lifeless body would be incinerated in seconds . As we move away from the sun toward the Earth , we enter the temperature zone favorable to life . In this golden zone are the orbits of Venus , Earth , and Mars . There may be life on Venus , but we know little about our sister planet . Her mysteries lie shrouded beneath an impenetrable mantle of dense clouds . Beyond the Earth at the outer fringe of life 's temperature zone is Mars , the third planet in our solar system where life could exist . Even though scientists think Martian conditions are severe , they believe that if man journeyed to Mars , he could survive here with moderate protection . He would need his own o xygen supply and some sort of protective covering . But life could be almost normal within pressurized houses and pressurized cities . Today , as we face the serious problems of overpopulation and depletion of natural resources , the possibility of Mars becoming a new frontier is of increasing importance in our plans for the future . What evidence do we have that Mars is a planet where life could exist ? To answer this , we must search through the archives of astronomy . Here we find that from earliest history , Mars has been an object of great interest . To the ancients , Mars was only a wandering bright light in the sky . It was the bloodred symbol of war . But to Galileo , the first to see it through a telescope , Mars appeared as a glowing red disk where sometimes a shadow appeared on one side . As telescopes improved , astronomers began to notice mysterious markings , which they carefully recorded with drawings . Each decade brought new discoveries . It was found that Mars rotated on its axis , like the Earth . It had white spots at the north and south poles . The dark areas seemed to be permanent shapes . In 1781 , astronomer Sir William Herschel , using a telescope of large proportions and increased accuracy , discovered that the polar caps of Mars increased during the Martian winter and decreased with the coming of summer . By 1840 , interest in Mars had mounted to the point where the first map was attempted , outlining the areas thought to be continents and seas . Then , one clear night in 1877 , Giovanni Schiaparelli made an historic observation . He saw the surface of Mars crisscrossed with a network of lines which seemed to connect the dark areas . He called them " canali , " or channels . The American astronomer Percival Lowell was so intrigued by Schiaparelli 's findings that he built an observatory in Arizona dedicated primarily to the observation of Mars . Over a period of 20 years , Lowell and his assistants kept a nightly vigil whenever Mars was in the sky . A very important clue in the Martian mystery was uncovered by Lowell . When the polar caps increased in the fall and winter , the dark blue-green areas turned a brownish purple and grew fainter . With the coming of spring and summer , the polar caps receded . The blue-green areas gradually appeared again . This led Lowell to believe these regions must be great expanses of vegetation irrigated by the melting snows of the ice caps . Lowell theorized this was accomplished by the large network of canals . He realized it was impossible to see a clear picture of Mars because of the movement of the Earth 's atmosphere . Nevertheless , he maintained the canals appeared too symmetrical to be accidental . Lowell concluded Mars to be a dying planet inhabited by intelligent beings who , with their giant network of waterways , were fighting a desperate battle for survival . Many of Lowell 's interpretations of what he saw on Mars have been questioned by other astronomers . Some observers claim that the canals are only optical illusions , which , if seen up close , would break up into natural formations . There have been other mysteries to puzzle astronomers . Recently , an observer saw a bright flare of light suddenly appear and then slowly fade away . Was this an atomic explosion or a volcanic eruption ? Or was it some sort of interplanetary signal ? No one can say . In 1954 , observers found that a new green area about the size of Texas had emerged from the red desert during one Martian season . Is this a new section opened up to irrigation by intelligent beings or merely a natural phenomenon ? Then there was a peculiar W-shaped cloud that , over a period of months , formed every day during the Martian afternoon . Was it another signal , or was it only a Martian dust storm ? Today , in Flagstaff , Arizona , the observatory established by Percival Lowell is actively engaged in a modern program of Martian research . The large 24-inch refracting telescope still plays an important role in solving the puzzle of Mars . A member of the observatory staff for 50 years is the senior astronomer , Dr. E. C. Slipher , who is considered to be one of the foremost authorities on the planet Mars . Whether or not there is life on Mars is pure speculation . Before we imagine our neighbor as a planet teeming with superintelligent beings and exotic plants , let us first consider some of the facts about Mars that astronomers generally agree on . We know that Mars moves in an elliptical path around the sun . And it takes a little less than two Earth years to complete the trip . Since Mars travels almost twice as slow as the Earth , we can only observe the planet close-up every two years . Mars occasionally comes as near as 35 million miles . We know also that Mars is about half the size of Earth and its gravity is one-third as strong . Like the Earth , Mars rotates , and its day is approximately a half-hour longer than our own . It has two tiny moons which revolve about the planet at great speeds . Also like the Earth , its axis is tilted , creating the seasons of spring , summer , fall , and winter . In speculating about life on Mars , we must consider these three important factors . Its air , its temperature , and its surface features . To roughly determine what sort of air Mars has , we use a spectrograph . This instrument breaks the light received from Mars into a band of colors like a rainbow . By analyzing this spectrum picture , astronomers find that the Martian atmosphere is quite different from that of the Earth . It probably consists mostly of nitrogen and a small amount of carbon dioxide with little or no free oxygen . The temperature of Mars is given by the thermocouple , an instrument so sensitive it can measure the heat of a candle 40 miles away . It tells us that the temperature of Mars sometimes reaches a balmy 85 degrees during the day but drops to 95 degrees below zero in the coldest part of the night . There 's a certain amount of guesswork about the surface of Mars . We can see that it 's a rosy-orange color with patches of darker green . But what causes this coloring we are not sure . These bright regions could be dry , sandy deserts like our Sahara . Light from Mars is too faint to obtain an instantaneous photograph . An exposure time of at least one second must be used . Unfortunately , this isn 't fast enough to keep the movement of the Earth 's atmosphere from blurring the final photo . For this reason , photographic proof of the Martian canals has never been obtained . With the meager information that has been accumulated over a period of years , astronomers cannot draw too many definite conclusions about Mars . We realize there are probably certain unavoidable errors in our calculations , any one of which could make a big difference as to whether or not there is life as we know it on Mars . Although scientific evidence seems to indicate that Mars is a cold , desolate world , many scientists today speculate on what the planet might be like if conditions were somewhat different . With a little more water and o xygen than expected , there could be an astonishing array of life on Mars . A totally different sequence of living things following its own pattern of evolution . There may be plant life that migrates in search of richer soil . There may be plants that feed on other plants . Or even plants that feed on themselves . And if animal life has developed on Mars , it , too , may have taken many new and unexpected forms . There could be animals with heavy insulation to conserve body heat in the subfreezing night . Or perhaps the bitter surface conditions have driven some life underground to develop in a dark , mysterious environment . If it is true there are dust storms on Mars , life could have evolved ways of protecting itself . On the other hand , there might be creatures that actually thrive on the ever-present dust . Some organisms working with powerful digestive acids may be able to feed directly on minerals in the rocks , leaving a fantastic Martian sculpture in their wake . Lf , in the thin Martian air , there are creatures that fly , their wings , of necessity , must be four times as large as those on Earth . However , flight may be achieved by other means . On Mars , even as on Earth , life would surely be a competitive struggle for survival . There might be fantastic hunters who kill by concentrating the heat of the sun on their victims . Devastating creatures that envelop their quarry in shrouds of poisonous gas . Or maybe ominous ultrasonic beings who shatter their prey with high-frequency sound waves . It is possible that entirely new chemical patterns of life may have developed on Mars . Life based on the silicon atom instead of carbon would be more resistant to the extreme cold , providing a whole new range of weird forms . Feeding on the drifting sand , tall crystal spires may grow to maturity in a single day to be shattered in a crescendo of destruction during the cold Martian night . Just as it is impossible to conceive an intelligent life totally different from our own , so we may find our Earth-trained minds unable to comprehend the weird phenomena that could exist on this strange new planet . For the past half-century , the intriguing possibility of traveling to Mars in a spaceship has challenged the imagination of many men . Rocket ships of all sizes and shapes have been designed . But most of them rely on an enormous consumption of chemical fuel to escape the pull of the Earth 's gravity . A spaceship using an electromagnetic drive to neutralize gravity is the obvious answer . But such a device is still a dream for the future . However , at the present time , an atomic-powered spaceship has been suggested by a leading scientist in the rocket and guided-missile field . Dr. Ernst Stuhlinger , who , for some years , has been working with the rocket engineer Dr. Wernher von Braun . This atomic electric spaceship features a revolutionary new principle that will make possible the trip to Mars with only a small expenditure of fuel . Parts for this spaceship will be brought up to an orbit by conventional chemical-fuel rockets . It will then be assembled in the vacuum of space . This unusual ship will be 500 feet across and will carry a small landing craft for the final descent to the Martian surface . Located at the bottom is a small atomic reactor which furnishes a continuous supply of heat . This heat turns silicon oil into steam . After rising up a central pipe , the steam drives a turbogenerator which produces electricity to run the ship . The steam is condensed in a giant circular cooler and used over and over again . In the thrust chamber , a platinum grid is electrically charged . The metallic element cesium is vaporized and blown through the white-hot grid . This ionizes the cesium atoms , and they are then electrically blasted out into space at the rate of billions per second . This thrust pushes the ship in the opposite direction . The atomic electric spaceship can operate continuously for a period of years . At the top , away from the dangerous atomic reactor , is cargo space and quarters for a crew of 20 men . Mounted outside on the thrust-chamber assembly is the auxiliary landing craft . When our ship reaches Mars , the landing craft will be released , carrying men and supplies to the planet 's surface . A drag chute will gradually slow the landing craft as it streaks into the Martian atmosphere . A few seconds before touching down , the main rocket motors will be fired , and the craft will land gently on its nose . Later , the exploration party can return to the mother ship by blasting off in the tail section of the landing craft . Here is the plan for our trip to Mars . It will take 13 months and 6 days . Starting 1 , 000 miles above the Earth , the spaceship will slowly accelerate for four months before escaping the Earth 's gravity . For the next seven months , the ship will follow a curved path , finally entering the gravitational field of Mars . An additional two months will be spent spiraling into a circular orbit 620 miles above the Martian surface . Here at the space station , our journey begins . The expedition is comprised of six ships . Time , a few minutes before departure . Final checks are being completed . At zero hour , the thrust chambers are fired . We are underway . Our fleet climbs beyond the space station , beginning its outward spiral around the Earth . The speed is increasing steadily . After 4 months and 17 days , 850 , 000 miles out , the expedition finally escapes the Earth 's gravity . At 6 months , 14 days , our speed has increased to 75 , 000 miles per hour . Mars is steadily increasing in size . The halfway point has been reached . The thrust chambers are reversed . Deceleration begins . The Earth grows smaller . At 7 months , 24 days , crew members witness a spectacular passage of the Earth across the face of the sun . Three months later , the expedition is 700 , 000 miles above Mars , and the 45-day spiral in toward the planet has begun . Now for the first time , the tiny Martian moons , Deimos and Phobos , are visible to the unaided eye . As we move to within 4 , 000 miles of Mars , we get a close-up view of the moon Phobos . After 13 months and 6 days , our voyage to Mars is finally completed . The ships are orbiting 620 miles above the surface of the planet . Before exploration begins , test missiles are fired to sample the strange new atmosphere . Now the first landing craft has moved into position to attempt the hazardous 600-mile drop to the Martian surface . This is a crucial moment . When earthman finally walks upon the sands of Mars , what will confront him in this mysterious new world ? Will any of his conceptions of strange and exotic Martian life prove to be true ? Will he find the remains of a long-dead civilization , or will the more conservative opinions of present-day science be borne out with the discovery of a cold and barren planet where only a low form of vegetable life struggles to survive ? These questions will be answered by our space pioneers of the future . In solving the enigma of the Red Planet , Mars , man may find a key that opens the first small door to the universe . Carried forward on the wings of modern science , man , in the years that follow , may discover the miracle of life as it exists in all its countless forms throughout an infinite creation . Next week , we 'll tell you the story of The Horse of the West . Rugged , intelligent , and highly trained , the hardworking quarter horse has been and still is a prime factor in the growth of our great Western cattle empire . His bloodlines are guarded as carefully as those of the most prized thoroughbred . Our program next week tells you this exciting story . Next week , from Frontierland , Walt Disney brings you a stirring saga . " The Horse of the West . " With Rex Allen as your storyteller , revealing for the first time the dramatic , authentic story of the most famous cattle empires of the West . Of California , Arizona , Texas . For the first time , you 'll visit the renowned Wagner Remuda and the fabulous King Ranch . For the first time , you 'll see what the cowboy and his horse are like as you live their real-life adventures on the open range . You 'll meet the lovely , talented Elena Vasquez , a name that is legend in California ranching history . Here in this robust land , throughout the years , men have dedicated themselves to the breeding of greatness in horse . Their endless studies , their care and affection , developed the regal bloodlines of the quarter horse , the aristocrat of the cattle country . Sturdy of muscle , incredible stamina , speed of the wind , magnificent of heart and spirit , and gifted with just plain cow sense . Against this sweeping panorama of romance and adventure , of horses and men , moves the poignant and dramatic story of the little filly Bay Lady , last of her bloodline of famed quarter horses . Miss Vasquez , I guess you 've hit a soft spot in me , but I 'm gonna let you have that filly . Do you mean it ? We 'll wean her in six months , and I 'll ship her to you . You 'll never regret it . Your emotions will be stirred by the tragedy that comes to the little filly when her life has just begun . You 'll surrender your heart to the lame work mare who gave her foster motherhood . You 'll respond to the swift-moving drama when the caprice of fate passes Bay Lady from one to another , yet never losing her proud heritage . Yes , Bay Lady was truly a child of chance . No one can remain untouched by the suspense-filled moments when Bay Lady and her firstborn are trapped in the mountain fastness alone , helpless , with danger closing in . Be with us next week in Frontierland to experience one of Disneyland 's great thrills and adventure in Walt Disney 's " The Horse of the West . " Coming to motion-picture theaters soon , " Old Yeller , " a rare entertainment experience . From the deeply moving story of Fred Gipson 's best-selling novel comes a new Walt Disney motion picture sure to touch the hearts of everyone everywhere . " Old Yeller . " The thrilling story of a remarkable Texas family and an old " yeller " dog who made a habit of saving their lives . " Old Yeller , " costarring Dorothy McGuire and Fess Parker and Old Yeller himself . Friend when he wanted to be . Fighting fool when he had to be . Walt Disney 's dramatic new movie " Old Yeller , " coming to motion-picture theaters soon .
