 Nyarlathotep ... I am the last ... I will tell the audient void ... I do not recall distinctly when it began , but it was months ago . To a season of political and social upheaval was added a strange and brooding apprehension of hideous physical danger . I recall that the people went about with pale and worried faces , and whispered warnings and prophecies which no one dared consciously repeat or acknowledge to himself that he had heard . A sense of monstrous guilt was upon the land , and out of the abysses between the stars swept chill currents that made men shiver in dark and lonely places . There was a demoniac alteration in the sequence of the seasons the autumn heat lingered fearsomely , and everyone felt that the world and perhaps the universe had passed from the control of known gods or forces to that of gods or forces which were unknown . And it was then that Nyarlathotep came out of Egypt . Into the lands of civilisation came Nyarlathotep , swarthy , slender , and sinister , always buying strange instruments of glass and metal and combining them into instruments yet stranger . He gave exhibitions of power which sent his spectators away speechless , yet which swelled his fame to exceeding magnitude . Men advised one another to see Nyarlathotep , and shuddered . And where Nyarlathotep went , rest vanished , for the small hours were rent with the screams of nightmare . I remember when Nyarlathotep came to my city the great , the old , the terrible city of unnumbered crimes . My friend had told me of him , and of the impelling fascination and allurement of his revelations , and I burned with eagerness to explore his uttermost mysteries . My friend said they were horrible and impressive beyond my most fevered imaginings ; and what was thrown on a screen in the darkened room prophesied things none but Nyarlathotep dared prophesy , and in the sputter of his sparks there was taken from men that which had never been taken before yet which showed only in the eyes . And I heard it hinted abroad that those who knew Nyarlathotep looked on sights which others saw not . It was in the hot autumn that I went through the restless crowds through the night and up the endless stairs into the choking room to see Nyarlathotep . He said he had risen up out of the blackness of twenty-seven centuries , and that he had heard messages from places not on this planet . He spoke much of the sciences of electricity and psychology And shadowed on a screen , I saw hooded forms amidst ruins , and yellow evil faces peering from behind fallen monuments . And I saw the world battling against blackness ; against the waves of destruction from ultimate space ; Then the sparks played amazingly around the heads of the spectators . And when I , who was colder and more scientific than the rest , mumbled a trembling protest about imposture and static electricity , Nyarlathotep drove us all out , down the dizzy stairs into the damp , hot , deserted midnight streets . We were not afraid , but we have could be afraid ; We swore that the city was exactly the same , and still alive ; and when the electric lights began to fade I believe we felt something coming down from the greenish moon , for when we began to depend on its light we drifted into curious involuntary formations and seemed to know our destinations though we dared not think of them . Once we looked at the pavement and found the blocks loose and displaced by grass , we gazed around the horizon , we could not find the third tower by the river , and noticed that the silhouette of the second tower was ragged at the top . Then we split up into narrow columns , each of which seemed drawn in a different direction . One disappeared in a narrow alley to the left , leaving only the echo of a shocking moan . Another filed down a weed-choked subway entrance , howling with a laughter that was mad . My own column was sucked toward the open country , and presently I felt a chill which was not of the hot autumn ; for as we stalked out on the dark moor , we beheld around us the hellish moon-glitter of evil snows . Trackless , inexplicable snows , swept asunder in one direction only , where lay a gulf all the blacker for its glittering walls . The column seemed very thin indeed as it plodded dreamily into the gulf . I lingered behind , for the black rift in the green-litten snow was frightful , and I thought I had heard the reverberations of a disquieting wail as my companions vanished ; but my power to linger was slight . As if beckoned by those who had gone before , I half-floated quivering and afraid , into the sightless vortex of the unimaginable . A sickened shadow writhing blindly past ghastly midnights of rotting creation , corpses of dead worlds with sores that were cities , charnel winds that brush the pallid stars and make them flicker low . And through this revolting graveyard of the universe comes the muffled , maddening beating of drums , and thin , whine of blasphemous flutes from unlighted chambers beyond Time ; the detestable pounding and piping whereunto dance slowly , absurdly tenebrous ultimate gods the sblind , mindless gargoyles whose soul is Nyarlathotep . Timed by pepua a.k.a. holahej in July 2012
