 Imagine a world , millions of years in the future . A world where evolution has written a new chapter in the story of life . The world is inhabited by very strange creatures , like nothing the Earth has ever seen . the FUTURE is WILD Today , planet Earth is dominated by humans . There are over 6 billion of us . But what would happend to the planet , if there were no people ? Just imagine that people were to disappear from this world . Many familiar animals : the big cats , the bears and the wolves , already endangered , already under threat from us will disappear in a few thousand years . The planet , and the survivors , will carry on without us and evolution , natural selection , will create new and bizarre life . Welcome To The Future These future worlds , millions of years from now , are populated by strange creatures . But they are not just fantasy . These worlds are experiments in the imagination of some of today 's top scientists , based on what they know about the world , now . When we look around the world right now , we see a huge number of very different things , organisms you would never in your wildest dreams invent , organisms you couldn 't possibly imagine could make their lives that way . Beetles that live off of tiny bubble aqualungs under water , or the rhinoceros . Imagine the rhinoceros , if you didn 't know they existed , would you have drawn one ? But how could scientists predict the future course of evolution ? From studying the past , we can see certain trends in animals and animal evolution and we can say that , in the future , certain things are going to result because of circumstances developing in a certain way . So there are a whole series of " rules " as it were , of how life has evolved , how life has changed and adapted through time , that we can test by taking our understanding of the present day and looking back into the past . It is no great leap of faith , then , to turn around and go in the other direction , to the future . To go forward and create some of the organisms which are unusual , imaginative , but possible . This team of scientists created three periods in the future . The first , is 5 million years from now , when life is challenged by a new ice age . Anything that survives here has had to adapt quickly to a freezing , glacial world . The next future world , 100 million years from now , presents the opposite challenge to life . This world is hot and humid , and has been since the end of the ice age , giving evolution a long time to shape the animals of this hothouse world . And finally , the scientists chose a period 200 million years from now , when the Earth is unrecognisable . One giant continent , and one global ocean . But even in 200 million years time , the geography of the planet is not hard to predict . We know that the continents are moving , we can even measure the rate of movement . For example , the Atlantic Ocean is opening just about the same rate as fingernails grow . Australia is moving northwards at an even faster rate . So , with the right computer modelling , we can predict where continents will finish up . And this allows scientists to predict the future climate . The series begins in 5 million years time . When the ice caps have advanced from the poles and much of the planet is in the grip of a bitter cold . We live in an ice age today , but ice ages follow repeating patterns . 10,000 years of relative warmth are followed by 100,000 years of intense cold . All of human civilisation occurred in one brief , 10,000 year warm period . In 5 million year 's time , the ice caps will advance yet again , covering much of Europe in two kilometre thick ice . But there will still be life on these frozen wastelands . Creatures that live in today 's Arctic , like Polar Bears , Arctic Foxes and Timber Wolves , will disappear . Extinct . There are no whales and dolphins . Yet something has taken their place . This isn 't a mammal , it is a bird . The Gannetwhale . 5 million years isn 't very long , in terms of evolution , so animals won 't look very different from today . These are Shag Rats , giant rodents . And they show how animals adapt to the cold . Arctic animals tend to be large , with a long , thick , shaggy coats to keep them warm . They have short , stocky legs and small ears to reduce heat loss . Shag Rats can survive in the open , in temperatures as low as - 50 . The real threat comes from a predator , the Snow Stalker . This may be an ice age , but not everywhere is a frozen wasteland . This isn 't snow , but salt . A vast salt desert has replaced what was once the clear , blue water of the Mediterranean . The Earth 's continents don 't move far in 5 million years , but when Africa collides with Europe , the Straits of Gibraltar will be closed . An ice age climate it is very dry , so this will have a devastating effect on the Mediterranean . The Mediterranean will dry out until it becomes one , vast salt pan . There will be small lakes of hypersaline water left behind , the only water in the Mediterranean . But the old holiday islands of Cyprus and Malta and Crete will stand up as small mountains in the middle of this sea of salt . Not much can survive in the centre of these salt flats , but there is something living here . Cryptiles . Cryptiles share the desert with billions of flies , their only source of food . On the bare rocky plateaus of the old holiday islands , the Grychan hunts along the deep , narrow crevices . In the dry , ice age climate , the vast Amazonian rainforest died out , to be replaced by grass . Without the cover of the forest , a few monkeys survived and adapted to life on the prairie . But there are predators here as well . Karakillers . In North America , what was once the huge , fertile , agricultural centre is now a barren , cold , windswept desert . Armoured rodents , Rattlebacks , struggle to find enough to eat , scratching for roots and tubers . Their digging disturbs strange , underground creatures . Spinks : Flightless birds . Eventually , the ice age will pass . Greenhouse gases from volcanoes will warm the Earth and the ice caps will melt completely . A hundred million years from now , the Earth is much warmer than today and it has been for millions of years . The sea level has risen , covering much of the low lying areas of land . The map of the globe looks completely different , due to the movement of continents and the rise in sea level . These shallow seas support a very strange creature , the Ocean Phantom . It is not one animal , but a colony of creatures that work together , feeding on swimming sea slugs , Reef Gliders . Around the shores of these seas , are huge swamps . And this is where life has really changed . Over tens of millions of years , new creatures have evolved . The giants of the swamp . Torratons . They have evolved from tortoises . The adults are enormous , the biggest animals that have ever walked on the face of the planet . 120 tonnes , that 's bigger than even the biggest dinosaur . In the dark , murky waters of the swamp , the Lurkfish senses it 's prey by electricity , then kills it with a shock of over 1000 volts . The Lurkfish 's prey is a Swampus . An octopus that can live on land . They communicate by changing colour patterns on their bodies , but if the warning flashes are ignored , a Swampus can attack . The Swampus has a bite so poisonous , it can even kill a Torraton . In the hothouse climate of a hundred million years in the future , much of the land is covered in forest , even the continent of Antarctica , which has moved off the South Pole . Over 100 million years , Antarctica has drifted as far north as the tropics . The sea birds that once lived on Antarctica have also changed , into small , colourful Flutterbirds . And there are huge , bird-eating insects in this forest . But although the Falconfly attacks some birds , others can defend themselves . These insects , Spitfire Beetles , have another way to attack Flutterbirds , they cooperate . To survive in this crowded future world , many creatures have formed strange partnerships and alliances . Living underground , the very last of the mammals , the Poggle . This small rodent lives in the caverns of spiders , feeding on the seeds that the spiders have collected . But the spiders are farming the Poggles , then feeding them to their massive queen . There has been a hothouse world for millions of years , constant and unchanging . But the forces that created this world will also destroy it . Volcanoes become more active , spewing out poisonous gases and clouds of dust and wiping out most of life on Earth . Every once in a while , the biology of the world is punctuated by a terrible event , often external , sometimes erupting from underneath the seas , those terrible environmental events wipe out 80 % , 90 % , 95 % of the species of the world and they are called " mass extinctions " . Only a few animals will survive this mass extinction . When you have a major environmental perturbation like huge volcanism , none of those organisms that have evolved for that preceding hundred million years are in any way adapted to deal with this . The environment shifts , it becomes potentially cold , dark , volcanoes can create a variety of environmental shift . Only those organisms which by chance can survive under those circumstances are the ones that are going to live through to the other side . After a mass extinction , the world is full of new opportunities for evolution to exploit , as nature repopulates the planet . In the third time period , 200 million years in the future , a hundred million years after the mass extinction , life has bounced back . But 80 % of the planet is a desert . And that 's because most of the land is a long way from the moisture of the Ocean . In 200 million years ' time the continents will , once again , come together to form one , huge landmass . This has already happened in Earth 's history . 200 million years ago , the continents were fused into one , huge landmass which is called Pangea . So in 200 million years ' time , we will have a new Pangea a new supercontinent , surrounded on all sides by the Ocean . The global Ocean stretches for 20,000 kilometres . But there are no fish anywhere in the surface waters , they all died out with the mass extinction . Instead , there are Silver Swimmers , evolved from microscopic plankton . There are thousands of different species . And Silver Swimmers are preyed upon by completely new creatures . Flish . 200 million years from now , in the absence of birds , they rule the skies . Beyond the mountains that stretch down the coast of the supercontinent , most of the land is empty . But there are very isolated oases , where water reaches the surface . Here , Garden Worms bask in the sun , but their enemies are on the war path . These , are Terabytes , evolved from termites . They attack the Garden Worms with elaborate chemical weapons . Which animals survived the mass extinction was simply a matter of chance . Left alone , with enough time , even a snail can evolve to live in a desert . This is a Desert Hopper . It lives on the scrubby desert plants . But not everywhere in this future world is desert . In the North West corner of the supercontinent , moist winds from the global Ocean have created a forest , where it rains everyday . The mass extinction left a land almost empty of life . A new opportunity for bizarre new creatures . There are Flish living inside the forest , and lichen trees 10 metres high that are descended from the tiny lichens that encrust rocks today . Most bizarre of all , an eight metre high , eight legged squid , a Mega Squid . And a totally flexible bone-free body would be perfect for life in the treetops . Squid would be even better at swinging through the branches than today 's Gibbons . But the idea of squid swinging through the trees 200 million years from now ? Is it really feasible ? We can 't be 100 % sure that this is exactly what an animal will look like in the future , but we can be sure that , as long as new environments continue to open up , as long as animals continue to exist , as long as there is still food for them to eat and air for them to breathe , they are going to continue to adapt and change . And the sky is the limit , there are no limitations to what animals can do in the future . All these organisms are plausible . Are they going to happen ? We don 't know . But they could , and that is part of the beauty of it . So , join this scientific voyage through time to see one possible future for planet Earth . It 's a voyage that is scientifically feasible . And truly WILD .
