 Imagine a world , millions of years in the future . A world where evolution has written a new chapter in the story of life . The world is inhabited by very strange creatures , like nothing the Earth has ever seen . the FUTURE is WILD 5 million years from now ... THE VANISHED SEA Five million years in the future and the planet is in the grip of another ice age . Yet this isn 't ice or snow , it 's salt , covering a hot , parched desert . But there is life here . Cryptiles : half metre long lizards that sprint over the burning salt . These harsh , salt flats are 2000 metres below sea level , they are all that is left of the sparkling clear blue waters of the Mediterranean . But how can a whole sea just disappear ? What happened to turn the holiday paradise of the Mediterranean into a salt desert ? An ice age climate is very dry , which makes water evaporate and sea levels fall . But it takes more than a change in climate to make the Mediterranean dry out . In five million years ' time , the geography of the Earth will have changed when Africa will have pushed up against Europe and closed the Straits of Gibraltar . As the continents collide , the Mediterranean is cut off from the Atlantic and it becomes a closed , land-locked sea . The water evaporated in the dry climate , and with no water flowing in from the Atlantic to replace it , the Mediterranean simply vanished , leaving just a few deep basins . The Mediterranean will dry out until it becomes one vast salt pan . There will be small lakes of hypersaline water left behind , the only water in the Mediterranean . But the old holiday islands of Cyprus and Malta and Crete will stand up as small mountains in the middle of this sea of salt . No shelter and no water , just the relentless Sun . But if anything can survive out here , lizards can . These cryptiles , like many lizards , are tough and drought resistant . So they are already suited to life on the salt flats . Well in five million years the Mediterranean will be a very different environment than it is today and very few animals will have actually adapted purely for that new environment . The cryptiles is a great example one animal that is testing the water . It is part of way there , but it is not all of the way there yet . Lizards in general are good surviving in hot , dry places . Today , the Lake Eyre dragon lives on the vast salt flats of Australia 's Lake Eyre , a dry salt pan covering 10,000 square kilometres . Lake Eyre dragons eat ants . Insects are the only other creatures that can survive in a salt desert like this . The lizards stand on their heels , keeping their toes of the hot surface . At over 2 million square kilometres , the Mediterranean salt flats are some 200 times as big as Lake Eyre . But cryptiles don 't just live here , they also carry out their courtship on the old Mediterranean sea bed . The males compete to show off the biggest and brightest crest and the female invites the best looking male to follow her in a courtship dash over the salt . If he keeps up with her , she will let him mate , but for the female her problems are only just beginning . Now one of the biggest problems about living in this environment that it is very , very salty environment , is that if you are a lizard there is nowhere to lay your eggs . If you dig a hole in the salt and lay them , they will just shrivel up , all the water will be taken out of them and they will be dead very quickly . So the females had to move away to find places where there is soil in order to deposit their eggs . This is a time when they are in the greatest danger because they are very well adapted for living on the open salt plain : their colour , their shape everything is for salt plain life . When they go on to the soil this is when they stand out like a sore thumb . This is when they are open to be eaten by predators . So a female has to leaving the safety of the salt flats to lay her eggs . She heads for the old Mediterranean islands that rise out of the salt . These are mountains of bare rock worn into a broken , cracked pavement known as cast . Running across the cast there are deep cracks and crevasses called grykes . Although many of the cracks are only a few centimetres wide , some of them go down two or three metres . Ideal places to lay eggs . The narrowest cracks are far too tight for a predator . And there is a predator here that uses the bigger cracks as secret highways across the cast . The cryptile 's eggs are safe in the bottom of the narrow gryke . It is not the eggs that are in danger , but the cryptiles herself . From a grychen . The cryptiles has the advantage of speed , so the grychen will go hungry . Grychens live only on these isolated bare mountains and rocky plateaus . They are about 20 centimetres tall at the shoulder , with a sinewy body , small enough to wriggle through crevasses in the rock . But it 's ancestor had a very different lifestyle , living in the tops of trees . Today , Europe 's natural vegetation is forest and it is said if humans hadn 't cleared the trees , a squirrel could run from Spain to Greece without ever touching the ground , but it would be followed all the way by a pine martin , the ancestor of the grychen . Pine martins are fast , agile predators that spend most of their time in the branches . Their bodies are flexible and subtle and they have a superb sense of balance . But five million years in the future in the ice age climate , trees will be a rare sight in Europe . Grychen have evolved in only five million years . It 's not that different from the pine martin it evolved from but the climate has dried , the trees have gone . Pine martins had long back legs to help them leap through the trees and tails they would use to help them maintain balance . But grychens are different , they have longer legs so they can run along the grykes , and as grychens no longer climb trees , they don 't need their ancestors long tail for balance . Their bodies have elongated , so they can squeeze through the narrow crevasses in the rocks . Grychens also have dagger-like teeth . They need them to bring down their favourite prey . Small , delicate looking pigs : scrophers . Scrophers can 't run as fast as cryptiles so they are easier for the grychen to catch . Especially the tender , young pigs . But the big adult males are aggressive . Too aggressive for the grychen . We are five million years in the future , and scrophers are descendents of the wild boar that used to roam over much of Europe and Asia . Today , wild boars live in rich forests that still cover much of Europe and they are found in many of the countries surrounding today 's Mediterranean . The adults are big , heavyset animals that can weigh more than 100 kg . They have sturdy , strong legs for moving across the soft forest floor . And they root around in the deep woodland soil for insects , worms , tubers , funghi . Their sensitive , flexible snouts unearth anything that is edible . They live in tight-knit family groups of a few adult females with their young and a few juveniles . Despite being at home in the forest , wild boar are just the kind of animals that would survive when their forest home disappears . In the future they have had to adapt to living on bare limestone , and they had to do it relatively quickly , as the climate changed . The landscapes the scropher lives in has been created very rapidly perhaps in a few tens of thousands of years . But the scropher has managed to adapt to live in this landscape because pigs are highly adaptable , are generalists , they eat a wide variety of food types , they can live in a lot of habitats and so the scropher is one of the species that has managed to adapt to this new landscape . Walking over rugged limestone is very different from trundling through a forest . Scropher legs had become thinner and the bones , elongated . They walk on the tips of their toes , giving them a strange , stiff legged gait . But this is the most efficient way to move over hard surfaces like the cast . The whole animal is only half the height of its bulky , wild boar ancestor . The scropher is a small pig because it is living in a habitat where there is not a great amount of food . It 's got sharp , pointed hooves to help it move across the rocky surface , long thin legs because it needs to move quite long distances but also it has got to leap across the grykes in the rocks . A pig that walks like a ballerina may seem unlikely . But there is a creature around today that has a similar design , the clipspringer . ClipSpringer are antelopes that live on rocky outcrops in Africa . And they have also evolved the same tiptoe stiff legged gait to scramble over bare rock . The clipspringer and scropher are totally unrelated , but have evolved the same solution to the same problem . And so , they look very similar . In the future , scrophers have solved the problem of moving over rock , but there is another problem to solve . There is not a great amount of food in this landscape , and the scrophers has a very long , pointed snout that it can actually poke down into the grykes in the rocks to find the bits of a plant that are growing there , it is particularly after the roots , the tubers , the bulb : any food that is edible . And that includes cryptile eggs , if they are not laid deep enough . But sticking a long snout down a gryke can be dangerous . Although a grychen won 't attack an adult scropher , it will sneak up on any youngsters that wander away from the family . And it uses the cover of the grykes to creep closer and closer . An isolated young scropher has no defence out in the open . The scropher family scatters and the grychen finally makes a kill . This is a huge , featureless landscape and it is very easy to get lost . And surrounding the rocky islands , the harsh , endless salt flats . The worst place a young scropher can find itself . But in all the confusion after the kill , one of the baby scrophers has lost its way . It maybe an ice age , but out here in the blinding glare of the salt , 2000 metres below sea level , it gets hot , 6 ° hotter than the Mediterranean of today . A young scropher won 't find anything to eat out here , and even more critically , there is nothing to drink . Dehydration is a serious danger for a small pig in this heat . There is water here , but it is lethal : much too salty to drink . As the sun evaporates the sea , it leaves behind lakes that are 10 times more salty than seawater . So finding one of these brine lakes is worse than useless for the poor scropher . These hypersaline ( very , very salty ) pools may seem the kind of habitat in which nothing can thrive , but there are animals that positively enjoy such conditions . Like the brine flies that you can find today in Lake Mono , these sorts of creatures will live there in their millions , animals that have learned to cope with very hash conditions , sometimes profit by it . In the future , just as today , nothing much can live in these salty lagoons , other than brine flies . So they breed here in their billions . Their only food are algae that can tolerate the salt and live in the water , so the flies have to crawl underwater to feed , surrounded by an aqualung , a silvery bubble of air . This works so well that the air over the Mediterranean brine lakes is black with flies . The flies themselves don 't live more than a few days , but they breed of so quickly , they dominate the landscape . But scrophers can 't eat brine flies . Evening brings some relief from the heat , but none from hunger or thirst . Next morning , the fierce heat will return with the sun . It is unlikely that any animal not adapted to these harsh conditions could survive more than a day here in this endless desert . It seems like there is nothing here , just flies , salt and cryptiles . So if the scropher has no chance of survival , how did the cryptiles do it ? There is plenty of food around the lake , the problem is to catch it . A cryptile trawls through the huge swarms of flies using it 's large neck frill as a fishing net , and with it 's long tongue , it licks the trapped flies off the net as it runs . The most amazing thing about the cryptile is it 's frill . It has got this enormous great big frill which has evolved from the skin around it 's neck , to enormous proportions and it has got cartilage inside so it can actually erect the frill so it looks about as big as a saucepan when it faces you . This is the adaptation it has got ready for feeding because this frill is like a lattice structure , it is full of holes between the scales and there is as a waxy secretion . This is a sticky , waxy secretion that covers the frill , so when it runs forward through all these flies and they are scattered in all directions , many of them get called on the sticky frill : it is a bit like a mobile flypaper if you like , and then it can turn around with it 's long tongue and lick off all those flies which it has caught on its frill . Well the frill itself has probably evolved , as I say , from loose skin from round its neck . Things like the frill lizard living today in Australia has a big frill , so you can see how that would evolve from that . Many other lizards also have a mouth fringe as well , where they can expand the skin on the side of the mouth , in order to frighten off predators , big red flash like this would frighten off a snake or another big lizard . So you can see this sort of frill would have actually evolved over the course of time from extra loose skin around the neck . The cryptile is unique , it doesn 't drink , it gets all the moisture it needs from the insects , the flies that it feeds on . Flies are full of moisture and it eats dozens and dozens every day and that provides it with enough water for it to survive . So it never ever drinks water , it would be fatal if it had to drink some of this water , it is too salty . So the cryptile survives by eating and drinking flies . But a few lizards make no impact at all on these vast numbers of brine flies . The flies and the lizards can live here because they are very specialised . For anything else , life on the huge , salt flats is impossible . The baby scropher has succumbed to the heat . Life on the barren limestone cast is almost as hard . But for the scrophers and grychens , it is the only home . The ice age swept over this world at breathtaking speed , less than 10,000 years . So only those creatures that were adaptable , like lizards , pigs , pine martens , could survive . The ice age five million years in the future didn 't just bring frozen wastes , it dried out the Mediterranean Sea to create a vast , unforgiving desert of salt .
