 Imagine a world millions of years in the future , a world where evolution has written a new chapter in the story of life . The world is inhabited by very strange creatures , like nothing the Earth has ever seen . the FUTURE is WILD Return Of The ICE Five million years in the future . This is Europe , but nothing seems familiar . The Atlantic coast of France is buried under ice sheets over a kilometre thick . The familiar animals have also disappeared . Instead creatures we wouldn 't recognise are roaming across the icy wilderness . These are Shag Rats , and at the end of the long winter , they migrate to the age of the ice sheets looking for grazing . Shag Rats are about a metre high , they stay together in big herds , partly as protection against the cold and partly against predators that hunt in this bleak landscape . This is how northern Europe will look in a future ice age . Throughout an ice age the ice sheets retreat and advance in a pattern . In the future they will return again and again , grinding their way down from the poles , reaching as far south in Europe as Paris . South of the ice sheets , most of the rest of Europe has become frozen tundra and the orchards and vineyards and have long gone . It is hard to survive in such a bleak , cold landscape . But life hangs on , and more than that , some creatures thrive here , especially those that can live on these tough cold-adapted shrubs . These herds have to cover large distances each day to find these sparse patches of grazing . But the biggest problem in surviving when the ice age returns is how quickly the climate changes , making it hard for evolution to keep up . Animals that do survive ice ages tend to develop a number of features in common . They have long fur , obviously , and plenty of fat to keep warm , they tend to have chunky body forms , they tend to have small ears , short tails , and short legs . On this barren landscape we have a large herbivore , it is a Shag Rat . It is a rodent , it has evolved from animal like a marmot , it lives in groups of about a dozen animals , they survive the cold conditions by huddling together for warmth , they have thick fat , short legs : all adaptations surviving in cold climates . The ancestors of Shag Rats were creatures like marmots . Today , they live on the cold high mountain pastures of Europe . Marmots are rodents , and rodents are nature 's great survivors . They are versatile , they can eat just about anything and live just about anywhere . And rodents breed very quickly , allowing evolution to keep up as the climate changes , and , as Europe was plunged into a new ice age , these Shag Rats ' ancestors found ways to fend-off the bitter cold . One away to survive in a cold climate is to get bigger , reducing the surface area relative to volume which means less body heat is lost . Shag Rats stand three times taller than their ancestors , the marmots . They also have a specially warm shaggy coat , made up of two layers of fur . A dense under-fur traps a layer of warm air next to the body as insullation ; and long , waterproof guard hairs keep this fur dry . These guard hairs are hollow and the air inside provides extra insullation so the Shag Rat is doubly insulated against the worst of the ice age winters . At the edge of the ice sheet , the temperature can plunge to - 60 ° and sudden blizzards seem to come from nowhere , sweeping across the tundra . Instead of hibernating like their marmot ancestors , the Shag Rats stay active all winter , travelling long distances through the snow in their search for food . Winds of 80 kilometres an hour whip up the dry snow into a total whiteout . In just a few minutes , a storm can reduce visibility to zero . Now the Shag Rats are in real danger . Not from the blizzard : the powerful , stocky Shag Rats can survive much worse than this , but from a predator , a Snow Stalker that uses the snow storm as a cover , stalking close to the herd . If a Shag Rat gets tired , ill or weak and falls behind the others , it is in serious trouble . The Shag Rats is only wounded but the Snow Stalker doesn 't risk injury by trying to finish it off . There is no rush , it simply trails its victim and waits until the Shag Rat bleeds to death . The Snow Stalker belongs to a family of vicious predators . They are the mustelids , the weasel family . And the largest is the wolverine . The wolverine is an all round scavenger and predator , it will eat anything it can find and kill . So wolverines are more likely than many to survive and adapt to the coming ice age . To hunt and kill prey larger than themselves , Snow Stalkers are bigger and heavier their wolverine ancestors , but they attack their victims by a method that has been used before in previous ice ages , razor sharp sabre teeth . Previously some of the cats have evolved sabre teeth and they will use them to kill their prey in a similar way . The sabre tooth cats would attack big prey even up to the size of mammoth and inflict severe injuries on them and let them die from their wounds . This is the first time that another group of carnivores have evolved sabre teeth . The Snow Stalkers also have hairy soles to their feet to insulate them from the cold and give them some grip on the slippery ice . As long as there are Shag Rats on the snow fields , the Snow Stalkers have they good supply of meat . They are normally solitary , but this is a female and as well as finding enough to eat herself , she has to take food to her cubs . Her den is in a shallow cave , the only shelter she can find in this bleak landscape . Even at this age the cubs are ferocious and competitive . But they are growing fast and to give them enough to eat , their mother has to move on , searching for more food . She will travel tens of kilometres from the den , even as far as what was once the French coast . Here glaciers , once confined to the mountain tops , now reach down to the sea . For only a few brief summer months , the sea and the beaches are free of ice . And then it is worth the long walk for the Snow Stalker . There is the possibility of food on the beach . Gannetwhales , three metre long , ungainly looking creatures are lolling on the shingle . Despite their size , they are actually birds , evolved from gannets . Gannets are very common seabirds , in the northern hemisphere they tend to live in large colonies , often on sea cliffs . They are active predators , chasing fish . Now many birds chase fish , but the gannet is unusual because it dives into the water and then swims underwater with it 's wings . It is a bit of a compromise , it has got to be a good flying bird and a good swimmer . These are difficult things to get right . Water is 800 times denser than air . Density , above all , is what determines how we move . Moving in both mediums is very hard . The Gannets ' compromise is to tuck their wings into their bodies when underwater , turning them into makeshift flippers . It works , but not very well . The Gannetwhale has given up flying completely , so it 's wings can evolve just for swimming like flippers on a sea-lion or penguin . So it can travel at high speed underwater . And to steer , its feet have become rudders . Gannetwhales now live in the same way as the big marine mammals once did , but that couldn 't happen if marine mammals were still around , so what happened to them ? In today 's seas , there are whales of all shapes and sizes . Large baleen whales like these humpbacks catch enormous quantities of tiny food from the water , sieving plankton and small fish through huge plates in the side of their mouths . And smaller , toothed whales like dolphins , chase and catch individual fish . They use concentrated sound beams to locate fish and perhaps even use sound to stun them . But whales and dolphins have one thing in common . These are animals which today are extraordinarily vulnerable to human interference , they are being affected by climate change , by excessive fishing , habitat change , pollution , a whole range of threats that it seems almost impossible for these animals to survive for more than a few tens of thousands of years in the future . By five million years ' time , all the marine mammals will have become extinct . Now that is bad news for the marine mammals but it is good news for other animals which might be able to evolve into those niches . The niches which are left free are wide open for birds like the Gannetwhales to exploit . Gannetwhales took the place of the smaller , toothed whales , using their long , separated bills to catch fish . But there is still a big difference between dolphins and Gannetwhales . The major feature of marine mammals is that they give birth to live young and that by doing that , they are able to come complete most , if not all , of their life cycle in water . Whales and dolphins never need to come onto land . Birds : this is different . Birds lay eggs . And eggs can 't be dealt with in water . So every summer , the Gannetwhales leave the water and haul themselves on to the beach . There they lay and incubate a large , single egg . The problem is it is a large bird , that means it has got a long time in which it hatches the egg and then subsequently raises the young up to the stage where the young can fend for itself . That takes time and takes a complicated life cycle . We can see similar things in many modern birds . Albatrosses and penguins have to face exactly the same problems . Emperor penguins take a long time to incubate their eggs and they do it out in the open on the icy wastes of Antarctica . They don 't build a nest . Instead , the female lays the egg and then passes it to the male . He balances the egg on his feet and covers it with a fold of warm skin . Then the females leave and the males are left behind to endure the coming Antarctic winter . At the end of the long , dark winter , the chicks hatch , the females return to feed them . The chick is transferred between the parents ' feet to keep it off the ice . From now on , both parents will take turns returning to the sea to bring back food for the growing chick . In the future , the Gannetwhale also cradles it 's egg on it 's large , upturned feet . During the summer breeding season , the feet themselves have a rich blood supply which keeps them warm and in turn , warms the huge egg . But an egg this big would make a perfect meal for a Snow Stalker . Snow Stalkers have a very keen sense of smell , and can find food from some distance away . So Gannetwhales always haul up in groups for defence . It will be hard to get past those powerful beaks , as long as the Gannetwhales stay close together . The Snow Stalker won 't give up easily . And for a really persistent Snow Stalker , Gannetwhales have a second line of defence . Vomiting up a disgusting , foul smelling mixture of partly digested fish and squid . Just too much for the Snow Stalker 's sensitive nose . Summer is short , cold and bleak near the edge of the great European ice sheet . There are only a few brief summer months when the Shag Rats can graze on fresh , green vegetation without digging through snow . In five million years time , the plants and insects living in what was once France and Germany will be similar to those that today live north of the Arctic Circle . But summer is all too short , and autumn brings the return of the freezing weather . The mother Snow Stalker has brought her two cubs out of the den and has to teach them how to survive on their own . A mother has to train her young how to hunt , it is difficult , it is risky , so you might see two or three animals hunting together . That is a mother training her offspring . And she will show the offspring how to run , inflict the injuries on the Shag Rats then back off and wait for the animal to die . The mother watches the youngsters struggling to bring down the Shag Rats . But eventually , she shows them how it is done . If she teaches them well , they will stand a chance of surviving their first ice age winter . Now the temperature plummets to - 70 ° and the vegetation is buried under metres of snow . This is the hardest time for the Shag Rat herds . They migrate south as far as they can go , but the weather won 't improve much and they will be followed every step of the way by Snow Stalkers . In five million years ' time , the return of the ice age is a serious challenge to life . Many of today 's familiar creatures have gone unable to keep up with the changing climate . But life is resilient and evolution has responded to the challenge with new creatures , at home in this icy wilderness .
