 BONE TO BE WILD The Peacekeeper scan , is directly over us ... now . I believe we will survive the scan , it 's the frelling cold that will claim me . Why the yotz can 't we have a little heat ? Because the Karjik Pulse is attuned to energy sources . We 're chilled , but we 're alive . Well that depends on your definition . That 's not a Marauder scanning us . That 's Crais 's full Command Carrier . Nobody else is going to ask . I 'll ask Zhaan . How come you 're not frozen ? My body temperature self-regulates under most conditions . Pilot , how 's the baby doing ? Excuse me , but Moya is picking up something . It appears to be ... some sort of distress call . - Source ? - From one of the surrounding asteroids . I 'll see if I can isolate it . Please ! Please , please , please hear me ! I 'm stranded here , with my family and we 're under attack . Please help us ! Please come quickly as soon as you can . There 's a creature here . - Could this be a Peacekeeper trick ? - Yes , that 's entirely possible . No , the transmission source is coming from an asteroid close by . The signal is weak it is unlikely Crais 's ship even heard it . We can 't escape this asteroid field without navigational aid . Maybe this girl and her family have charts . You 're not seriously considering going down there , are you ? For goodness sake , didn 't you see that thing ? You do not have to go down there , Your Flatulence . Distress call directed at us . How stupid is that ? Unacceptable ! There are over 20000 asteroids of sufficient size to block the Leviathan from our scans , sir . Then we enter the field and change our angle of projection ! If we do that , we sacrifice manoeuvreability . I left orders not to be disturbed . Of course Captain , but ... as you labour , to recapture the Leviathan I thought I might offer a course of action it seems you have not considered yet . Do you think a mother would abandon her child ? If I was in command , Captain ... I would concentrate ... on the Leviathan 's newborn . Bombard the area with , multi-frequency signals ... discordant stimuli ... See if I couldn 't make the offspring reveal itself , in panic . And ... its mother along with it . Sir ? Your orders ? My orders stand , change our position . The Peacekeeper scan has passed . One , two , three , four to beam down , Pilot . Officer Sun ... I would appreciate , if you would stay aboard . - Alright , Pilot . - I suggest we deactivate our Comms just for safety 's sake Now remember , minimum use of thrusters and keep plenty of rock between you and Crais . - Right ? - Got it . This is the most miserable place I think I have ever been . Where you see misery , D 'Argo , I see the end of misery . Well , to put things in perspective , Zhaan , you are the least thing on this asteroid that I am allergic to . The big guy 's got a point , my rashes have got rashes . I assure you , the cure for all those ailments and much more , is also here . - So you keep saying . - Look around . What don 't you see ? No animals , no aviary , no insects , nothing to compete with the flora , this magnificent place is the Goddess 's pharmacognosia . Hey don 't forget , happy campers , the girl in the distress signal said , c r e a t u r e " .. Well , she 's probably dead by now which is what I 'll be if I don 't get off this asteroid . Are you picking up any being 's scent ? Zhaan , let me explain to you what 's going on inside nose right now . There 's large pieces of green mucus and gunk ... D 'Argo , no , no , no , no . Stop it with the Luxan poetry . There 's some healthy sounding sinuses . - Stick with me , D 'Argo . - I 'm there . Go ! Go ! Hurry ! Hurry ! Hurry ! - Help me ! Help me ! Help me , please ! - It 's alright , you 're safe now . Where are the others ? Where 's your family ? - You have to protect me . - No , listen to me . - Where are the others ? - It killed them all ! Please , help me ! - They 're dead ? - Please help me . Please , please . He got away , he knows the terrain too well . My name is Zhaan , this is Crichton , that 's D 'Argo . - We are here to help you , dear . - What 's your name ? - I am M 'Lee . - Look , do you have any maps so we can find a way out of this asteroid field ? Used to , all destroyed , all gone . - Please don 't leave me behind here . - Let 's go back to the Transport Pod . Transport Pod ? Is it well guarded ? - Come on ! - Well protected ? If not , he will find it , he will attack it . Please ... Please ... Please ... - Fire up the drive . - I 'm on it . D 'Argo ! Kill it ! - I told you this was a miserable place . - Where are you hurt ? At the moment ... everywhere . It 's gone , the access port is secure . - It ain 't getting back in , we 're safe . - And crippled . I hit the second fuel pump , you hit the main thruster control . Yeah , yeah , I 'll fix it . Are you okay ? I have a broken terok ... probably internal bleeding ... but ... I ... Definitely ... internal bleeding . What is it , Pilot ? What 's wrong ? Besides the obvious , a great deal ... I don 't know who else I can trust but you . Trust about what ? Aware that Moya 's offspring isn 't normal . The Peacekeepers have altered its genetics , created a ship that is part Leviathan , part attack vessel . We 've all seen the baby 's weaponry . Moya is having , difficulty establishing a connection to her progeny . - How so ? - The offspring knows he is different . There is tension between Moya and him . What do you expect me to do about it ? You were a Peacekeeper ... You , better than any of us might understand , what 's been done to him . If , Moya were told , perhaps , she could solidify his trust in her , and us . You want me to go aboard ? Moya gives you permission to do so . But does the baby ? Unbelievable ! Officer Sun ... Pilot , what happened to radio silence ? While you 're on the offspring 's command , I have a direct laser link between us . The only way Peacekeepers could intercept is to be directly in its path . This is astounding , Pilot ... It 's a complete synthesis of Leviathan and warship technologies . I need more light . I have light . From the exterior , the offspring appears to possess a sonic ascendency cannon . Yes . The controls , are over here . It would be advisable to locate the communications array , as this may be the method the Peacekeepers will use to locate us . Communications array ? Communications array ... is in silent mode . How did you manage to find it so quickly ? I think I was supposed to . Hello ? - What are you doing here ? - Admiring , your quarters , captain . Quite opulent , even by ' captain ' standards . I 've never understood the need of some warriors , to memorialise their conquests . Does displaying this decaying flesh , remind you of past instances when you were powerful ? Your branch of the service gives you special privileges , Scorpius , which does not include disrespect of rank . - I want you off my ship . - Of course you do . Candidly , Captain ... you have continually failed in all your duties . Your vector for success has grown quite small . Stray outside it and I fear this ship will soon be in need of someone else to command her . - Just swallow it ! - What ? - If you want to kill me , why don 't you just shoot me ? - This herb will stop your internal bleeding . - Would you rather I cut you open , D 'Argo ? - You are no surgeon . Exactly ! Now swallow ! - So , how many in your group , did you say ? - Forty one , originally . We intended to colonise here , my father , my mother , two brothers . - And they 're all ... - The creature gets ravenous often . John , we need more kijmot root ... D 'Argo 's injuries are not improving . Right , one quick trip to the pharmacy coming up . Out the door , turn left at the creature . You smell different ... You smell like out there . Your olfactory senses are very good , I am also flora . Yeah , right . - Say what ? - Didn 't you know ? Know what ? - You 're a plant ? - I always have been , John . Why , does it bother you ? No , it doesn 't bother me , I just never suspected ... You 're a vegetable ? Everyone knows that Delvians are flora evolved . Right . Sentient floran life isn 't that unusual , John . I have cartilaginous fibres instead of bone , tuperadinous cellulose tissue , and regenerative fascia membrane . - The blue ? - Chloroplast tintation . The yellow highlights are stomata for the transpiration of water . That 's why you like the light so much ... Photosynthesis . You okay ? When was the last time you ate ? I 'm not hungry yet . It 's coming . Zhaan ! I 'm almost finished , I 've got what I need . You 'd better pick it up . - M 'Lee ! Dammit ! - You go after her , I 've finished . M 'Lee ! I 'm sorry about your female , I was scared . - It 's not your fault . - No , it was your fault . - You were meant to look after Zhaan , instead you ... - It was instinct , d 'Argo . You understand instinct , every single thing you do is based on it . - Besides , there was no indication that she 'd been ... - Eaten ? She won 't be , the creature will take your friend to his eating grounds before killing her . Eat ? That 's it ! Tell me how to get there . I can 't , you ... you just have to know it . - I 'll take you . - No , no , no , it 's too dangerous . - Let her take you , John . - I can smell him , before you ever know he 's around . I 'm much better off than Zhaan ... Go ! Go ... find her . Fine , come on . This way ! Over here ! This is where , the eating is done . We 'll be out of here as fast as we can . Damned ugly leftovers . Is there another place he could have taken Zhaan ? You 're alright ? I 'm ... feeling ... hungry . Look , I 'll get you some food as soon as we get back to the Transport . - Right now ... you know , M 'Lee ... - F o o o d . - F o o o d . - Do not go screwy on me here , alright ? You gotta help me find my friend . I ... am ... not ... your enemy . She ... is . You requested my presence , Captain ? Did you suggest to my Bridge Officer , that we do not adjust our current position ? Yes , your Bridge Officer and her Crew ... seemed to appreciate the merits of my suggestion . You have gone too far , Scorpius , you have directly questioned my command . Your command , begs question . If my actions were under examination , I would have been recalled . You were recalled ... Do you forget , that I have seen your memories ... that I know of your insubordination ... that I have witnessed , the execution of your Second Officer ? When I bring in the Leviathan 's offspring , it will forestall any of those charges . Now , get out of my quarters . I 'll tell the Bridge Officer , we won 't be changing our course . I am sorry to have hurt you . Yeah , a few words would have saved us a whole lot of trouble . I find this atmosphere very thin , the slightest exertion leaves me unable to speak . I had no breath left . John , M 'Lee is a calcivore , she 's a feeder of bone . - So she was going to eat me ? - Yes . Just your skeleton , the flesh is left to rot . - So what were you doing in our Transport Pod ? - Trying to warn you . I know how the beast tricks her prey . - Yeah , she said you were the monster . - Oh yes , my parents believed so too , but it was just a phase all children go through . Br 'nee is a scientist , John . - Scientist ? - Botanistic Pharmacology . Much like the beautiful Zhaan . I am but a lay person compared to you , Br 'nee . - Plants as medicine ? - Yes ... My ancestors seeded this barren asteroid over 300 cycles ago . I simply led the first team of harvesters . What happened to the rest of your team ? Sorry ... Forget that I asked . Twenty six in all ... Including my mate . There weren 't supposed to be any predators here . No animal life at all ! They first encountered M 'Lee in her dormant state , John , as we did . She was cunning enough to live among us for some time , and to discover our weaknesses . - What are hers ? - Satiation . After she 's eaten her fill of bones , she reverts to the passive creature you experienced . It 's the only time she 's vulnerable , when she becomes hungry again , she loses the control of the transition . Yeah , been there seen that . But we have numbers again and after she 's eaten one of us , the others will have a chance to kill her . - Eaten ? - Yes . Br 'nee , that 's a little unacceptable . It 's not your choice , I 'm afraid . It 's hers . Officer Sun ... the Peacekeeper scan is sweeping this way again . If you are able , you must reduce the offspring 's energy signature to bare minimum . Yes , Pilot . Do you understand what 's happening ? Officer Sun ... make him understand . If they try to communicate with you , they are called Peacekeepers and you must understand they are not to be believed . Look , it 's true in a perverse way , you do come from them . But so do I. Look , I wish there was more time for this , but there isn 't any time . You are going to have to decide , if you will trust your mother ... us . If you 're going to trust me . - Howling 's stopped . What 's that mean ? - Well at a guess , she 's gone to see if your tentacled friend is out in the open by himself . M 'Lee prefers easy prey . - Right then . Pick it up , Zhaan , we gotta go . - Okay , nearly ready . These leaves and fungus will completely heal D 'Argo 's injuries . I thought you wanted brocas seeds to arrest the infection . I can 't find any , unless I 'm looking in the wrong place . - You are . - I take it you know a way back to our Transport ? Yes a route M 'Lee avoids , along the ridge line . Then pick it up . Let 's go . Brocus Histicalx . Pick as many as you require . By the goddess , I 've never seen anything like it . We couldn 't transport all the desired samples if not for the capacity to miniaturise them . That is a very impressive machine . My aunt had one . Come on Zhaan , let 's go . You must stay behind with your weapon it will scare M 'Lee away . If not , she 'll descend on everything and destroy it all . I 'm not going to let Zhaan go alone with you . And no way , will I let that beast destroy everything my mate died to help accumulate . We 'll be alright , John . After she 's with your friend , I 'll return and together we can help transport all the vials onto your ship . That is my one condition but it is non-negotiable . Fine . Go . If you 're not back in an hour , M 'Lee won 't be the only one hunting you down . Capice ? M 'Lee ! M 'Lee ! I 'm hungry , John ! M 'Lee ! Take it outside , M 'Lee ! Us Southern boys don 't make good eating , not without a fight . - M 'Lee ! - I have to eat , John ! And I 'm it ? I 've been here the whole time . I 've heard what Br 'nee said about me . What ? That you 're going to devour our bones if you got the chance ? He didn 't tell you all of it , I need you to know the truth . Is that before or after I supply your recommended daily allowance of calcium ? His people brought my ancestors to this asteroid for a purpose . To rid it of all herbivious life forms . So , what are you saying , spiky ? You saying there used to be plant eating life here ? Thousands of creatures . Plenty of food for my ancestors . Plenty of food . Until , there was nothing . Br 'nee 's kind must have known that your people would eventually decimate the food supply . They expected us to do their dirty work for them and be long dead by now . Only their precious plants would remain . How did you survive ? M 'Lee ? In the end we only had each other . And then Br 'nee 's people arrived ... - and they became prey . - I was hungry . As you are now . But I also know ... after I satisfy myself on your bones and those of your friends and finally of Br 'nee , I will eventually starve to death anyway . That 's far enough . So what did you have in mind ? I will control my hunger and you will provide me access to a more permanent food supply . You want me ... to take you ... with us ? Br 'nee knows where my kind lives . Make him tell you ... and then take me there . You have got to be kidding me , right ? De-lonisation charge ... complete . Direct composite capability ... enabled . Vapour-isation charge ... imminent . Right ... Here goes . That 's done it ... The cannon is active . I can 't fully explain it , Pilot , but this ship and I seem to have reached a bit of an understanding . Moya too , is encouraged . Communication with her offspring is improving . She thanks you , Officer Sun . Amongst all these Peacekeeper systems , I feel quite at home . We couldn 't be happier . Honestly . You deserve a home where you 're wanted . Pilot , I 'll be returning to Moya shortly . Please let me know if any Peacekeeper scans are imminent . Maybe you ought to stay there . Maybe you and I ought to have a little one on one when I get back , Rygel . Look , if you 've got a problem with this then all you ... You want to keep one foot out of your mouth , you may need it to run . Look ... what Slimy means is , if we get attacked , the only weapon we 've got is that kid . I am not dragging this ship into a conflict ... not of its making . Who said we had a choice ? You know , I 'm not an enthusiast of healers but this is remarkable . - Feeling better ? - I am completely healed . My admiration , Br 'nee . I 've been prejudiced in the past due to charlatans . No offence taken . - What are you doing here ? - Surprised I 'm not M 'Lee food ? I mean , my work is unguarded . Swamp thing here ain 't the Mr. Rogers scientist we thought he was . You forgot to mention how your ancestors brought M 'Lee 's people here , didn 't ya ? It was the only natural way , to protect what we were growing here . But M 'Lee through you a curve , she survived - She slaughtered my mate ! - With good reason , it sounds like . Once I get my research out , I 'll come back with a larger mission . - She 'll be dead by then . - I cannot condone what his people did but for all this unparalleled flora to flourish it may not be entirely unreasonable to ... To murder sentient beings in order to save a few stinking plants ? How animal-centric of you , John . - Sorry , Zhaan , I forgot you 're ... - I am a stinking plant ? My Juka ! I have heard stories of the existence of Delvians but to actually stand in the presence of one ... Alright enough ! No offence , but I say we take this tree hugger - shove him out the Access Port - Absolutely . get the hezmana out of here . I have charts , charts that will take us through the asteroid field . - Right , take me there . - No , John . Considering the stakes , I 'll go . I think under the circumstances a cool head behind that trigger . Wouldn 't you agree ? - Be careful . - I will . My report ... to High Command ... - Shall I bother reading it ? - To what end ? You 'll hear it all multiple times at your inquest . Disobeyed direct orders ... murdered a fellow officer with premeditation ... sacrificed 18 of your elite crew ... in a pathetic quest for personal vengeance . It 's all in there . You are unfit for duty by any measure . I personally intend to see you stripped of rank and office . So you can take command of my Carrier ? I already have . Get off my ship . Why must you force me to display my physical superiority to your kind as well ? If you want to fight anyone ... attack your executioner . Zhaan ? Br 'nee ? Time 's up . Screw the happy plants , guys . The Transport 's repaired . - What the hell happened ? - M 'Lee ... surprised us . Took Zhaan , I tried to ... - She took Zhaan , did she take her alive ? - I 'm not sure . - I don 't know . - Where would she take her ? Rock wall , where I saved you from her . M 'Lee ! ... M 'Lee ! M 'Lee ... where are you , you little lying sack of spikes ? You lied to me ! You said you wouldn 't hurt us , said you weren 't going to eat any of us then you haul Zhaan off . Bones ... Son of a bitch ! So ... the baby 's real dag-yo ? Yes ... whatever that means . - Is he fast ? - A major part of his design and function I imagine . - Faster than his mother ? - Yes , Rygel . Fast enough to take you out of here , if the Peacekeepers get too close . Listen , someone should escape this place - carry our message to the outside . - What exactly is our message ? That we don 't want to die out here . Very sensible . Chiana , would you come here for a microt , please ? Now let me get something straight . Both of you . Moya will not leave here without her offspring and he will not leave without her . Where does that leave us ? Very close to being thrown off this command if you don 't shut your wakket hole . Any sign of Crichton , Zhaan or D 'Argo ? - Pilot 's still checking . - Good . Well if they 're not here in an arn we go and look for them . We ? She must mean you . Back already . You made good time , do you have the charts ? No ! Don 't kill me , please ! I ... I ... I came to talk . If you 're no longer the feral beast ... that means ... you 've eaten . I won 't hurt you , I promise . I could not guarantee the same for you if you move towards me . What ... Who did you eat ? - No one . - Then why do you look like that ? I used all my calcium to present myself in this way . - Why ? - So ... You ... you ... You would listen ! I 'm ... I 'm starving to death ! I ... must ... eat ! You ... must take me with you ... or give me fo-o-o-o-d ! I 'm sorry but I have nothing to offer you . Please ... please anything ... anything . Except ... there 's a ship of beings out there , thousands ... No one will regret their passing . You can have as many as you can lay claim to . But how do I ... how do I get there ? They are coming ... soon . as soon as we start the engines and blast off from here . You ... you ... promise ? Thousands . I ... I ... I will control my urge . So what 's the plan , Br 'nee ? Find D 'Argo , have him take you to your home world ? - You 're back . - Yep . You look a lot better . I ingested some roots to repair my wounds . Yeah ... Must be a lot of interesting things in these bottles . Did you get her ? Did you kill M 'Lee ? Nope . And Zhaan ? - Yeah , the blue plant . - Aren 't you supposed to be looking for her ? You know it 's funny , sometimes I 'm very , very slow . Zhaan 's a Delvian ... plant , right ? Not animal . No bones . Fibres instead of bones , so no calcium . And M 'Lee 's got a great ... nose ... so what ... would she want with Zhaan ? - Where is she ? - What are you doing ? You faked those injuries ! Where is she ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Please , leave my specimens alone . Zhaan ! Okay , I can do this Zhaan , I can do this . Damn , where is the button on this thing ? I can do it . I can do it . Step away from my machine . - Why would you do this to her ? - She 's a Delvian . I have lived over 200 cycles , consumed by my life 's work as a botanist . Until today I could only dream of sampling such an incredible species . She has a name . - It 's Zhaan . - She is not dead , nor will any harm come to her . She 's in a test tube , Jack . Through her , we might discover medical cures even , our future dreamers dare not envision . Is that not a fair trade off ? Not to her ... and not to me . I will shoot you ! Nah , I don 't think so . Not without the Chakan Oil cartridge . Run ! She 's mine ! What the hell am I looking at ? Justice . Are you okay ? Weird sensation . Thankyou . The SAS reports a confirmed location on one of the escaped Leviathan Transport Pods . It 's landed on one of the deep field asteroids . Sir ? Captain ? Scorpius ... has ordered several Marauder teams into the asteroid field . Is it true what they say ? That Scorpius can sense our fears and our weaknesses ? I await your orders , sir . My orders ... are do as he says . Zhaan , it 's time . Come on . Crap ! M 'Lee ! Starvation ... M 'Lee dear , I wish we could help you . Zhaan , we have to find a way to take her with us somehow , some way . No , not unless you 're willing to sacrifice your shipmates one at a time . D 'Argo told me , there were others coming , called Peacekeepers . I will try to hold on until then but I must eat something now ! Bones ... We have bones ... Br 'nee ... There is much cruelty in the universe . Yeah , we seem to have a treasure map to it . Bon appétit . The excellent trajectory charts you brought back , will allow us to negotiate our way out of this asteroid field . Thank you , Pilot . So ... tell me about the baby . John , he 's amazing and ... frightening . The technology ... It 's such a waste ... It 's like nothing I 've ever seen ... You 'll find your way back there Zhaan when insanity isn 't chasing you . I 'll never go back there again and you know it . Then those miracle plants will be found by someone else . In the great scheme of things , it 's all the same . Point well taken . When did our roles become reversed , sweet D 'Argo ? When you required it . If your hand is still there in one microt , I 'll snap it off and use it as a good luck charm . Officer Sun ... Yes , Pilot ? Moya has asked me , to relay to you how well she and her offspring , are communicating now , all thanks to you . Pilot , I did what I had to , for the good of the ship . Well , the ship has notified me that the offspring now needs a name ... and she would be extremely honoured if you , Aeryn Sun , were the one to choose his name . I want a three point grid search of every square dench of this asteroid . Report any scrap of evidence you discover regarding the fugitives , directly to me . Sir , we 've found a survivor . She spent time with the fugitives , and may have information , that 's useful to us . Please , please , please help me ! I 'm all alone here , they killed my family , please . Please ! We must know when to be strong , and when to show compassion . Thank you ! Thank you ! As a matter of honour , sometimes ... we must be willing to give of ourselves .
