 ( PANTING ) Come on , Maggie , we gotta go ! ( SCREAMS ) ( SHOUTS ) Come on , we gotta get out of here . Where are they ? Watch out ! ( SCREAMING ) Carl ! Behind you . ( GROANS ) ( SCREAMS ) ( CREATURE GROWLING ) ( CREATURE SNARLING ) ( PANTING ) ( TALKING INDISTINCTLY ) Hey , Doc . Hey , Emily . Hey . Hey , Doc ! Hey , look , I had to work late again last night . Is there any way I can slide that report in to you on Monday ? ( SIGHS ) This is twice , Travis . So I take that as a yes ? Just make sure it 's on my desk by 3 : 00 p.m. , all right ? Oh , thank you . Looks like I owe you some money ? Yes , you do . Here you go . Thanks , Doctor . Dr. Thomas . Hi , Jessica . Have you thought any more about the internship ? Well , actually , I was hoping you can write me a letter of recommendation . Oh , sure . Look , just come by Monday during office hours , all right ? Thanks , Doc . Sure . ( SIGHS ) Our grant request . The universitie 's answer to our grant request . That is the second time they turned us down . Why can 't they see how important this expedition is ? Just how much the university could benefit . Because they 're administrative assholes . I 'm sorry . Look , we 'll talk about it later , all right ? Sharon , run and get my cell phone . It 's in the bedroom . Well . Well , the least you could do is say please . Oh , and make me another dirty martini . ( GROANS ) ( PHONE RINGING ) Hello , this is Dr. Thomas . Professor Thomas . This is Wilson Friels . Do you recognize my name ? Yes . Yes , I do . You donated the money to build the new archeology lab . My friends at the university tell me that you 've just had an expedition grant turned down . I have a proposition for you . Go on . I 'm financing an expedition into the Everglades to research what I believe to be one of your pet subjects . The Calusa Indians . Interested ? I 'm listening . I need someone of your caliber to head this expedition . The catch . We need to get it up and running in the next couple of weeks . I can have a check for the initial funding on your desk by 4 : 00 p.m. today . What do you say ? I 'll need at least $ 20,000 to start . I 'll send you 30 . Just in case . Do we have a deal ? We have a deal . Yes ! Brin ! What 's going on ? Marta . Marta , I know we 've been saving this for a special occasion , but I think we have one . ( CHUCKLING ) We have our funding . What ? How ? An angel . An angel named Wilson Friels . Why do I know that name ? Possibly , because he 's bought himself a seat on the university 's advisory board . No matter ... We have our funding . Sharon , is Derek back from the gun range ? Yeah , I saw him in the study . Good . Go and get him . Oh , and I need to talk to him in private so ... Find something to do . Now , what we have to do is assemble a team . Well , I promised my grad assistant that she could be part of the team as soon as we got funded . So , I 'll call her . Great , great . I know of at least two or three of my students that will gladly give up their spring break to be involved with this . Let 's schedule a planning meeting for this Sunday . Okay . Derek , good news . I 've arranged another expedition but this time both you and I will be going along . Still no word from Carl or Maggie ? No . It 's been over a month since they missed their last pickup . Something 's gone wrong . I 'm assuming the worst . We have to get in there before somebody stumbles upon them and the information they 've been able to gather . When do we leave ? Next week . Oh , and ... As far as anyone else is concerned , we 're searching for the Calusa . That 's all . Oh , shit . We 're late . What ? I forgot to set the alarm . ( GROANS ) We 're supposed to be at the meeting at 10 : 00 . Nice job , Mr. Internal Alarm Clock . ( SIGHS ) Is it yours ? What is he gonna think of us if we can 't even make it to the meeting on time ? ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) It 's about time . Sorry , we 're late . You both know Allison and Lori . Hi . Hey , Todd . Hi , Lori . Okay , let 's get to work . Now . This is going to be a historical journey . If we 're successful , the entire scientific community is going to know what we 've accomplished . Now , first a little background . The Calusa Indians were first presumed extinct , when the 1850 census didn 't register any tribe members . But discoveries since then proved that the tribe could still exist . But , do you really think that they could exist for a 150 years without anyone actually seeing them ? I think they just moved deeper into their own backyard . The Everglades are still a pretty wild place and the Calusa like most true Native Americans were known to use extreme measures to protect their way of life . Now , take a look at these . These are excerpts from the 400 year old journals of D 'Escalante Fontaneda . A shipwrecked Spaniard who lived with the Calusa Indians for 17 years . Now by analyzing these , Cushing was able to determine the whereabouts of the last known Calusive settlement . In fact , the evidence points to the possibility that they still may exist today . And if they do ... I want us to be the first ones to find them . Now , Todd , it 's gonna be your job to arrange for the airboat and take us to this point here . Now , I know you can 't see it on the map but this is actually a remote island accessible only by airboats . Now let 's go over exactly what we need to bring . That 's the last of the gear and provisions . Oh , we 're already set to go . Are you sure there 's nothing left in your car ? I 'll go double check . Todd ! On this trip let 's concentrate on work . I wanna come off as professional , okay ? All right ? All right . Let 's just keep it discrete , okay ? Hey , everyone , am I late ? Nope , right on time . Hey , you need some help with that ? Hey , I think we better check the car one more time just in case . Why are you paying attention to her ? Well , we 're all set . Except for that photographer . I hope he 's not a no-show . Could this be him ? ( CAR APPROACHING ) Mr. Friels , come to see us off ? No , not exactly . I 've come to join your expedition . Look , I appreciate the gesture , but you 've already done so much for us . Now , Dr. Thomas , I 've been on safari in Africa , Alaska , India . The Everglades is still a pretty wild place . And I 'm not at all worried about a little swamp . All that I 'm saying is that once we get started ... Dr. Thomas . This is as much my expedition as it is yours . Marta . Wilson Friels . Hello , Mr. Friels . It 's very nice to meet you . Thank you for your grant . Let 's not be so formal . Please , call me Wilson . These are two members of my team here . Todd , Nichelle . Hey , you 're the angel Dr. Thomas told us about . Something like that . Two more members of my team . Allison , Lori . And this is my assistant , Derek . We ready to go ? All right . Sorry , my plane was late . Leonard Kleeger ? Right . Geographic Report Magazine . My wife Marta . We thought you were a no-show . Me ? Never . I love my job . They said you were professional . All right , all right , let 's go . Professionals first . ( INAUDIBLE ) It 's about 20 miles to the last known Calusa settlement . We 'll find a clearing away from the water and make our camp there . Looks like there 's a clearing up ahead . We 'll set up camp for the night . Looks like we might get some rain so let 's pick it up . Where do you want our tent set up ? Over there . All right , Lori , Nichelle , as soon as you have your tents set up , let 's get some food started . Nothing like roughing it . Kid , I hope you brought industrial-strength bug spray ? I just saw a mosquito with a bottle of liquor and a tattoo that says , " Life sucks . " ( CHUCKLES ) ( SCREAMS ) Oh , hey ! Can I have some help over here , please ? ( GRUNTS ) THOMAS : So , Wilson . What made you decide to come at the last minute ? Well , I 've always been fascinated by South Florida . Its history , mystique , legends . Which ones ? Calusa legends , of course . Such as ? Marta , you may think that I 'm just some rich businessman out for a little adventure , but the fact is ... I myself am an amateur cryptozoologist . Really ? Really . I 've searched for Bigfoot , Noah 's Ark . I 've even funded a little research on the Loch Ness monster . Wow ! Do you think that stuff really exists ? FRIELS : Who knows ? But it certainly is fun trying to find out . So what 's the Everglades angle ? In the journals of D 'Escalante Fontaneda , he writes about the great healing abilities of the Calusa . Legend has it , that every 15 years the Calusa would send one warrior into their sacred place and there he would learn the secrets of both life and death . Supposedly , most never returned . According to the legend , it 's even supposed to be guarded by some evil creature . Where did you get that information ? From a translation of the actual journals . The ones on loan to the Museum of Natural History in Washington ? They would only send me excerpts . They told me the same thing . But a sizeable donation seemed to change their mind . They sent me a microfilm copy of the journals , drawings , charts and rubbings . Do you realize with that information I could have gotten our grant approved . Well , you are here . So in a way , it did . So , Derek , you haven 't said much ? Yeah , Derek , what 's your story ? Let 's just say I look after Mr. Friels ' best interest . I think that , uh , I 'll turn in . I think we should all turn in . We have quite a hike ahead of us tomorrow . ( GROWLS ECHOING ) ( DISTANT ROARS ) What the fuck was that ? Definitely a big cat , probably a panther . But the other ... I 'm ... I 'm not sure . Maybe a bear . I have never heard of a panther attacking a bear . Me neither . LORI : Are we safe ? I mean , do you think whatever it is will come back ? No , it 's ... It 's completed the hunt . Probably taking its prey to some secluded place to feed . Good night , everybody . Good night . Good night . Hey , guys , over here I found something . That 's odd . Maybe it 's been used as a marker . Maggie Warren . THOMAS : Warren ? I know her . Who is she ? She 's kind of a renegade zoologist . Anything interesting in there ? Look at this . THOMAS : Could be Calusa . ALLISON : Maybe she found the settlement . There 's images attached in it . It might be possible to put together enough fragments to identify a meaning . Well , she must be close . See if we can find her camp . Wilson . If that is being used as a marker , it has to stay where it is . Whoa ! What 's the matter ? Something got you spooked ? What happened here ? Well , from the looks of things they left in quite a hurry . More like forcibly evicted . Why the hell would they abandon their camp ? Let 's take a look around . Maybe we 'll find something . Derek . Hmm . Check out that tent . There 's some crates over there . I 'll check them out . Anything ? No . Hey , everybody , take a look at this ! Well ... It looks like Maggie Warren did find a Calusa settlement . It hasn 't been disturbed for about a month . ( SCREAMING ) Oh , my God . ( NICHELLE CRYING ) Well , it 's definitely an animal attack . I say it 's been here a while . And it 's female . Let 's not panic . ALLISON : Not panic . Are you out of your mind ? Look at that . There 's some deranged animal out here with a taste for humans . We gotta get the hell out of here . We 're on an island , remember ? That river is filled with gators and snakes , there 's no way we can make it across on foot . I 'll call for help . I 've tried to call out several times , you won 't get a signal out here . You 're right , it 's dead . All right , all right , look , just everyone stay calm . ( WHIMPERS ) You mean we can 't leave ? ( CAMERA CLICKS ) The airboat is not gonna be back to pick us up for several days , until then , we 'll just have to deal with this on our own . FRIELS : Whatever animal caused this is probably long gone . We should make this our base camp . Are you nuts ? He 's right . We can 't leave . So let 's just focus on what we came here to do . Besides , if there 's any members of the Warren team they 're gonna try to make it back to this camp . I think it 'd be safer if we cross the river . Yeah , I don 't wanna stay here . If there 's a bear or panther out there hunting humans , Derek and I are your best protection . And you know what ? We 're staying here . THOMAS : Besides , it 's much more dangerous by the river . Look . Everyone just be careful . All right , Todd , help clear some of the underbrush around the perimeter . Lori , Nichelle , come with me . Derek , could you , uh , do something with it ? I 'll take care of it . Todd , Allison , before you do anything else , these seem to be perimeter lights . See if you can find a power source . Lori , Nichelle , let 's clean up some of this mess . Kleeger , we could really use some of your help . Yeah , I 'm gonna help myself to this tent first . Oh , check it out , we got a generator . ( SIGHS ) Think you can get it to work ? Doesn 't look damaged . It 's even got some fuel in it . Hey , Doc , I think you better take a look at this . THOMAS : All right , gang , time to get down to business . We 'll split into two teams , each with its own objective . My team is gonna consist of Todd , Lori , Allison and Nichelle . We 're gonna be working on Allison 's find in the tent . Marta , Derek , Wilson , I want you to explore the surrounding areas and search for any signs of Warren 's team . We will make circular patterns around the camp about 10 feet apart . Use yellow tape , for any other excavations or artifacts you might find and red for anything else . Kleeger , I 'll need for you to get some pictures of this before we get started . You got it . THOMAS : All right . Any questions ? Let 's go to work . ( CAMERA CLICKING ) THOMAS : Todd , Lori , I need for you to go and get the backpack we passed earlier and search for anything else that was left in the area . ( CLICKING CONTINUES ) All right . That 's all I need , Doc . I 'm gonna catch up with the others . Okay . Hey , I found something ! We can use this for cleaning and cooking . No , this isn 't it . Hey , Doc , take a look at this . According to Calusa folklore , only the warrior who is proven pure of spirit was able to take the urn of the elders and to battle with them . They believed it would ward off evil spirits . ( GASPS ) Oh , I think you should give me some kind of warning next time . MARTA : What is it ? Well ... Nice find , Marta . You found the gates of hell . What are you talking about ? The Calusa 's sacred place . Should be right through there . This is it . Somewhere in there is the secret to life and death . Let 's keep this in perspective . Have either of you found anything else ? What else is there to find ? If the Calusa do still exist , they 'll show up here sooner or later . Let 's get back to camp . Brin 's gonna love your theory . THOMAS : So , all in all , I 'd say we had a pretty successful day . We were able to uncover the remains of a Calusa warrior , as well as those of a Spanish conquistador . Judging by the depth that we found them , I would put their age at about 350 to 400 years . So that would mean the 1850 census was correct . It 's a little too early to tell that . But I feel this is only the beginning of what we 're gonna find here . FRIELS : Well , that 's all very exciting . But I do believe that we get the gold star for the day . We searched a radius of about 50 yards around the camp , locating a spring about 30 yards to the south . We can replenish our water supply there . I also found some human tracks around the spring . I want pictures of it all . Any signs of Warren 's team ? No , nothing . We did find something rather amazing . To the east , we came across two cypress trees that had some sort of tribal significance . They mark the entrance to the Calusa 's sacred area . A place that holds the secrets to both life and death and , of course , there is the mythical creature that supposedly guards it . The creature attacked a Calusa village . They set a trap , caught it and cut off its head . Split it in two , and set each half on two cypress trees . FRIELS : And , according to legend , the blood of the creature flowing down the sides of the trees , carved the faces of the warriors into the bark , imprisoning their spirits forever . I 'll get some shots in the morning . Well , I finally pieced the last fragments of pottery together . It 's a picture of the Calusa holding spears , fighting with some type of creature . And just who 's hunting who ? THOMAS : It was not unusual for ancient cultures to depict their prey as mythical creatures . All right , everyone , we 've got a long day tomorrow . So I suggest we get ourselves squared away , while we still have the light . Psst . Hey ! Hey . I really feel like shit , I need to find a place to rinse off . Would you come with me ? I don 't wanna go alone . ( SIGHS ) Yeah , sure . See if I can find that spring Doc Thomas mentioned . You know , you can join me if you want . It 's all right . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Nice . Nichelle . Nichelle . All right , I am sorry . ( GROWLING ) ( SCREAMING ) THOMAS : Derek . What the hell was that ? I don 't know , let 's find out . Marta , you stay here with Allison . Lori ! What happened ? Over there ! Get back to camp . Where 's Lori ? I don 't know . I left her for 30 seconds . Derek , check in that direction . I 'll circle back up here . What happened ? I don 't know ! Hey , Doc , what 's that ? What happened ? ( PANTING ) Something 's happened to Lori . ( WHIMPERING ) I bet it was a gator . What was she doing out there alone ? Look , I was with her . I thought she was done cleaning up , so I came back . We said that nobody is supposed to be out there by themselves . That 's right . The buddy system , remember ? Shut up , Kleeger ! We can still go look for her . We can go right now and look for her . Listen to me , listen to me ! Come here . Nobody is leaving this camp . Do you understand me ? Did you find anything ? I think you need to see this . Dr. Thomas . Not now . I think you should read this . This is Maggie Warren 's journal . ( THOMAS READING ) Day five . Today , we moved camp again and started a new dig . There 's definitely something wrong here . I don 't know what , but the feeling won 't go away . ( RUSTLING ) We still haven 't been able to pick up a cell phone signal out here , so there 's been no contact with Friels . He must be wondering what 's going on by now . Day seven . It 's out there , stalking us . Some animal . Last night , it killed both assistants . I 'm really frightened . Carl insists we go in deeper . He seems obsessed . That was her last entry . We found it in Maggie Warren 's backpack . I financed her expedition . And they never returned . Why didn 't you tell us ? Frankly , it 's none of your business . You knew that something went wrong , and you let us walk right into the same situation . I had no idea that anything had gone wrong . You still know more than you 're telling us . Derek , go get the photo . Dr. Thomas , I don 't trust him . Neither do I. FRIELS : Recognize this ? Where did you get this ? A 20-year-old magazine article . That 's also depicted in Fontenada 's journals . It 's the same as the creature on the pottery . My guess is , it 's some form of a mutated gator . And if the Calusa still do exist , I 'm betting that that creature still exists . If you thought this was here , why didn 't you warn us ? Warn you about what , Marta ? A myth ? Do you really think that your husband would 've forgone his adventure because of a myth ? Really , both of you would still be here . So , don 't pollute this conversation with your remorse . Now , that 's enough , Friels . Dr. Thomas , I truly am sorry that your student is no longer with us . But don 't blame me . Remember , this is your expedition . Afraid ? What do you think ? I think that you may feel safer with some company tonight . I 've been in these situations before , and a little diversion can be , well ... Relaxing . Really ? You think so ? Don 't even think about it . It 's going to be a long week . You might change your mind . Hmm . I won 't . ( RUSTLING ) Allison , where are you going ? I 'm out of here . I 'll take my chances crossing the river . Allison , we have to stay together . Then I suggest you come on , 'cause I ain 't staying here . What are we gonna do ? You just stay here with the camp . I 'll see if I can talk some sense into her . Brin , be careful . Allison ! ( GROWLING ) ( GROWLING ) ( ROARING ) ( SCREAMING ) All right , Derek , let 's get this system set up . Hey , Todd . Yeah . These are infrared sensors . Okay . Now , they transmit and receive high-frequency beams . I 'm gonna put them at each corner of the campsite , all right ? All right . You can take that . Make sure there 's a clear path between the sensors here , all right ? Allison ! ( SOFT GROWL ) Jesus Christ , Nichelle ! You scared the hell out of me . Stop sneaking up on me . Sorry ! I just came over here to help you . ( SIGHS ) So , is everything okay ? ( CREATURE GROWLING ) Yeah , it 's okay . Let 's just get back to camp , okay ? Okay . Nichelle . TODD : Well , they 're all set . Perimeters are set . How 's this thing work ? Well , if anything breaks the sensors , an alarm 's gonna sound . Then we just look at the screen here and it 'll tell us the exact spot . So , someone needs to be watching the screen at all times ? That 's the idea . ( ALARM BLARING ) Something 's over there . Oh , my God ! Brin . ( NICHELLE GASPS ) Brin , are you all right ? ( MOANS ) ( MARTA GASPS ) MARTA : He 's hurt . Somebody come and get him back to the tent . Somebody get some water ! ( NICHELLE WEEPING ) What happened ? What the hell is going on here ? Everything 's fine . ( SOBBING ) We 're staying put . Derek has set up a perimeter warning around the camp . We 'll be safe . Aren 't you forgetting something ? The last tenants were forcibly evicted . Just shut up ! Shut the fuck up ! We need to keep this together , okay ? We need each other here . ( SOBBING ) I 'll go make sure we 're prepared if we have company . ( CONTINUES SOBBING ) Okay . I know what to look for . Now , just keep your eyes on the screen . All right . I got it . Holding down the fort ? Hey , Professor . You doing all right ? Yeah . Look , Todd . I just wanted to , uh , tell you how sorry I am for the way things have turned out . It was supposed to be a relatively safe expedition . It 's not your fault . ( SCOFFS ) I gotta tell you , though , I 'm worried about Nichelle . She 'll be all right . We 'll all be all right . Mmm . ( SIGHS ) Hey , take a look at this . Way that 's laid out ... It 's the perimeter . If anything breaks that , it not only shows up on the screen , but it emits an alarm as well . It 's pretty neat . Derek showed you how to use this ? Yeah . The guy 's prepared . Yeah , they 're prepared . ( ALARM BLARING ) Something broke the perimeter over there . ( ALARM CONTINUES BLARING ) Where is it ? It 's over there . Todd , get your light . I 'll get the tranquilizer gun . Doc , is that thing gonna bring it down ? Oh , yeah . It 's got enough juice to bring down a grizzly . Just keep your light on the tree line . ( CREATURE GROWLS ) What the hell was that ? I don 't know , but it was close . NICHELLE : I think it 's over there ! Todd , get your light back on the tree line . Everybody , just stay together . Nobody move . Screw that . I 'm getting a picture . Kleeger , don 't ! Kleeger ! Damn it ! Gotta to fix that . That ain 't good . What the hell happened to the security light ? This way . Derek , check the perimeter . With all that gunfire , it 's probably halfway to the Gulf by now ! Oh , I 'm banking there 's a creature carcass out there somewhere . We 'll pick up the pieces in the morning . This is supposed to be a scientific expedition , not one of your goddamn big game hunts ! You should be thanking your lucky stars we came along prepared . You think that little pop gun of yours is gonna add protection ? This is Guadalcanal ! You 're going to need my guns , so , don 't lecture me , Professor . Well , good night , everyone . I 'll see you in the morning when I 've had a chance to collect my trophy . He 's got you over a barrel , Doc , and you 're grabbing your ankles . That 's just about the way you see it , isn 't it ? Look , this is a nine millimeter . Just aim and shoot . If you 're close enough aim is optional . I 'll be back at 2 : 00 . Thanks . ( CLEARS THROAT ) See you in the morning . ( SIGHS ) ( CAMERA CLICKING ) What 's the matter , Doc ? You 're conscience bothering you ? Get away from me , Kleeger . It 's not exactly what you 'd expected , is it ? No , it isn 't . You think they 've got it ? I don 't know . I don 't even know what it is . It 's probably still out there ... Watching us . Good night , Mr. Kleeger . Hi , sweetie . Why don 't you get some sleep ? I don 't wanna be alone . Everybody else is asleep . ( SIGHS ) I 'm surprised they can sleep at all . Don 't worry , we 're gonna be all right . ( CHUCKLES ) ( GROWLING ) It 's 2 : 00 a.m. Time for me to take over . It 's been kind of slow . Sure , it has , kid . Hey , don 't forget this . ( CLEARS THROAT ) ( INAUDIBLE ) ( GROWLING ) ( NICHELLE SCREAMING ) ( GROWLING ) Shit ! No , no ! Help ! Help us ! Somebody help me ! No ! Todd , no ! Marta , get her back to the tent . Nichelle , come on . ( SOBBING ) No ! I saw it all , Doc ! I think she shot it ! All right . All right , help me get him back to the tent . DEREK : All right . Christ , his wounds are four or five inches deep . Check the pulse . Check the pulse ! Okay , so , it 's obvious he 's dead . We 're wasting time . That thing 's still out there . Derek , let 's go . I swear , Doc , there was nothing I could do . Look at this . Look at this . All of his organs are turning black . That thing must 've secreted some type of poison or venom from its claws . Poor kid . Just 23-years-old . Twenty-three-years-old . I told him this expedition would be fun . Oh , my God . Kleeger , no pictures ! Not now ! Get the hell out of here ! I got what I needed . Look at his face . This is crazy . This is insane . I ... I don 't understand what 's going on . Hey , hey , hey . Listen . If we are gonna get out of this , we have got to keep it together . Look , I 'm gonna go check on Nichelle , okay ? All right . ( GROANS ) Derek . Did you find your trophy ? No . Nothing . We have got to get out of here . Nichelle needs medical attention and that thing could come back . Oh , how quickly we are beaten by life 's little hardships . Those kids were in my care . You 're wanna make this your expedition ? You go back and tell their families that they 're dead . It 'll be well worth it in the end , Dr. Thomas . You 'll see . Well worth it ? You knew all about this creature , didn 't you ? ( GROWLING ) It 's hunting us right now , isn 't it ? We 'll find it if it 's still alive . MARTA : We need to get out of here now . Don 't expect us to go with you . Allison was right . We should 've gone to the shore . Lest we forget , your assistant shot it in the face . Its dead remains are probably just 20 minutes into the bush . You just don 't get it , do you ? What makes you think there 's only one of them out there ? This is not some kind of deadly species , Dr. Thomas ! It 's a freak of nature ! A mutant ! And I 'm going to kill it . Derek , make sure the clips are fully loaded . You 're crazy . We 're leaving ! How 's she doing ? ( SIGHS ) Well , she 's still in shock . I gave her some more Valium but she 's ... She 's a wreck . Brin , what are we gonna do if that thing comes back here ? They have the guns and the perimeter warning system . Guarding ourselves here is our best shot . What ? Are you insane ? Three people have been killed here already and God knows how many people before that . If we stay here , we are all going to die . We have to go now . We can 't get off the island for another three days . Damn you , Brin . You are starting to sound just like Friels . Do I look like I wanna be a widow ? Now , Wilson Friels , he can sign his own death warrant , but I expect more from you . Everything is gonna be okay . Listen to me . I promise . It 'll be all right . ( EXHALES ) This is crazy , Brin . Looks like Derek and Friels are missing in action . What do you mean ? They 're probably looking for the creature . Great ! All right , get all the cameras you 've got and meet me in the center of the camp . It 'll be all right . ( SIGHS ) I 'd do the same . Yeah , but , uh , she said she hit it . There 's no blood . If she hit it . ( GROWLING SOFTLY ) All right , two down , one to go , Doc . Between these and the video camera , we should get something . Yeah , I 'll try and get it 's good side . Let 's just be prepared , all right ? Where the hell have you been ? Where do you think ? Damn it , Friels , you know what I mean . Your guns are no use to us unless they 're here . Point well taken . Next time , we 'll bring you with us . Well , I guess we can take you two off the missing in action list . Find anything ? Few broken branches , some blood slpats here and there . But we did find an incredibly unique set of tracks that I 'm sure your wife will find very interesting . You just don 't get it , do you , Friels ? We 're the ones being hunted . My goodness , Brin . You have been working hard . You should get some rest . I 'm fine . Just make sure you don 't leave us alone again . Brin , what 's wrong ? Nothing . Let 's go check on Nichelle . How you doing , kid ? ( SNIFFS ) This can 't be happening . Nichelle , everything is gonna be all right . We 're gonna get out of here soon . ( SOBBING ) Why is this happening ? ( GASPS ) It 's all right . That is just Kleeger . He 's checking the perimeter lights . It 's all right . Nichelle , you 're gonna have to try and get some sleep . It 's the best thing for you right now . ( SNIFFS ) Would you like for one of us to stay in here with you ? ( SNIFFS ) Okay . Marta . ( MOUTHS ) Do you wanna get some air ? Yeah . I 'd like to get some water . Okay . Come on . I really have to go . ( SNIFFS ) Do you want me to go with you ? No , it 's okay . I 'll just be a couple of seconds , okay ? ( GROWLING ) ( SCREAMING ) Nichelle ! ( GROWLING ) Brinson ! Hurry ! Brinson ! ( GUNSHOTS ) What the hell do you think you 're doing ? That thing may still have Nichelle . You could have hit her . Professor , if she still is alive , you better hope we did . Let 's go , get it . No , you can 't leave us alone ! Over there ! ( GROWLS ) Brin ! Easy , Doc . You 're not gonna pass out on us , are you ? Oh , no . Help me get him back to the tent . Brin , how come you didn 't tell me ? I don 't know . I tried to get to the venom but I was too late . We have to get you to the hospital . No . They 're not gonna know anything about this poison . And besides , it 's spreading too fast . I need for you to record everything that 's happening to me . ( GRUNTING ) Don 't move . Don 't move . The alarm . The alarm didn 't sound when that thing ... Thing got in . It must 've found a way around it . ( GRUNTING ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) I 'm sorry . Everything 's gonna be all right . I love you very much . ( SOBS ) I know I haven 't been the best husband in the world and I 've made my share of mistakes ... ( SHUSHING ) ( GRUNTING ) Stop talking . Don 't leave me , Brin . So , Marta , how is that husband of yours doing ? He 's dying . Thank you for asking . Derek , put the gun away . I suppose you think you owed me that . As a matter of fact , I did . I am so tired of your sick humor and your game-playing , Friels . Tell me right now . What is it that you 're looking for ? It 's 6 : 00 a.m. Time is wasting . ( GUN COCKING ) You can put your gun down , too , my dear . I will tell you what you want to know . I 'll put it down when I 'm good and ready . ( SIGHS ) What is the most famous tale about the Spaniards ' jaunt through South Florida ? The Fountain of Youth . Keep talking . Actually , our old friend , Fontenada called it the River Jordan . The Fountain of Youth is just a myth . It 's a fairytale . Perhaps . Perhaps not . According to both the Calusa and Fontenada , the spring is in there , and its waters are healing , rejuvenating , medicinal , even life-giving . You are out of your mind . Maybe . But that water , duplicated synthetically , is worth billions , and I 'm guessing that those healing waters can save your husband . MARTA : And you think that it 's in there ? Yes , I do . Don 't believe him , Marta . Just get to the airboat , protect yourself . It would appear your options are fading . Brin , is anything that he 's saying the truth ? Is it ? Fontenada 's last journal entry was March 7th , 1745 . That means that Fontenada would be over 200-years-old . And there you have it . Save your hide or save your husband . All right , Friels , we are going in there together . You better be right , or you are not coming out . It 's in there . I know it is ( KLEEGER SIGHS ) Now , that is a photo op . Would you please be careful ? Okay , this is it . Oh , yes . The River Jordan . Friels ! Friels ! Damn it ! Behold ! Mission accomplished . Come on , Friels , let 's get the hell out of here . Gentlemen , and Dr. Thomas , this is the day man becomes immortal ! Friels , hurry up ! ( GROWLING ) ( GASPS ) ( GROWLS ) Run ! Friels , hurry up ! Get out of there ! ( MARTA SCREAMS ) ( CREATURE GROWLING ) ( MARTA SCREAMS ) ( SCREAMING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( SCREAMING ) Come on , Marta , let 's go ! ( SCREAMING ) ( SCREAMS ) ( PANTING ) ( SCREAMS ) ( SCREAMS ) No ! No , I need some of that water ! It 's his only chance ! What are you doing ? Uh , just take it easy . ( SOBBING ) It 's his only chance . ( MARTA SOBBING ) Brin ! Oh ! Marta . Thank God . ( SOBBING ) But how ? It 's the water . It completely reversed the effects of the venom . He gave it to me . The Calusa do exist . Just who are you ? Fontenada ? We all have to agree that we 're never gonna tell anyone what really happened out here . It won 't be easy explaining six deaths to their families . All right , here 's the story . We try to cross the river in a makeshift raft . It overturned in alligator-infested waters . Everything was lost , and we were the only ones who made it ashore . You really think that 'll fly ? It has to . We owe the Calusa our lives . They deserve to be left alone . What about those creatures , Doc , and the River Jordan ? Look , as far as I 'm concerned , these creatures don 't exist . Only Indian folklore . That spring belongs to the Calusa . God only knows what the Wilson Friels of the world would use it for . Okay . Okay , I 'm in . It never happened . But it would 've made one hell of a story . Kleeger , it never happened . MAN ON PHONE : We 've seen your tape and find it astonishing . The venom and the water may prove useful to us . Our men should reach that area by this time tomorrow . Are you crazy ? After what I told you ?
