 The focus was diverted . No friend . You do not have aim . You owe me $ 20 . It 's my turn . Go to them . Watch it , buddy . What the hell is that ? Whatever it is seems that landed . Do you hear that ? I think there is someone there . What ? Do you think it an alien ? Let 's go . Wait for me ! - Come on . - Open , open ! Come on , go ! - Go ! - I 'm trying ! I do not know ! I can not . Hurry ! My God . Okay , thanks . What ? The cause of death is not an mystery . A shot in the chest . The rest is a mystery . Yes , what if " Neil Armstrong " entered the forest Before realizing that forgot your spaceship ? - Armstrong did not fly alone . - Continue with that , elf . Holy God . Still could not remove his helmet . Okay . Boys had the same version . A bright light in the sky , and then out of nowhere came this astronaut . Must have come from somewhere . Conspiracy Theories say that " Big Brother " Is a kind of lid to cover space programs . Perhaps the disciples Oliver Stone are up to something . Lieutenant , we still looking in a radius of 3 km . We found this to about 200 meters away . What do you think ? What an ejector seat ? Maybe a space capsule ? Is burned and destroyed . How did he go ? There must be some explanation . It is as if falling from the sky . Why not ? Doe did . I believe this is a first . What are you smiling ? Frank who is usually I called to inquire . Your job is to look at me skeptically and send me to walk . Tell me everything you know about secrets government space programs . - I did not know we had one . - Does that mean we do not have one ? Or it may be a secret that even you know ? No , both . No I know . Good question . Great . What a good decision . Are as useful as guys that I talked about NASA . They do not know anything about the astronaut could find . The government has an extensive record keeping secrets . - For example , the Warren Commission - - Doe , focus . We are talking about astronauts , not JFK Where 's the body ? Should make it easy to get these things . If you ask me , for me missed a joke . The guy decides to dress like an " MTV Video Music Award To scare some kids in the woods and get shot . Liquid cooling and ventilation RF isolation . This suit is not a replica . These gloves can cost $ 40 000 . An expensive joke . EMU of the spacecraft . This is what the astronauts are when they leave the ship . Spacewalks . What is the scenario here ? The guy leaves the ship to fix the Hubble telescope And accidentally falls to woods outside of Seattle ? Discoloration of the face and neck . Advanced sign of cyanosis . It is caused by a gunshot wound . As lack of oxygen to the brain . It can be caused by many things . Hypothermia , poisoning carbon monoxide . So if the boy had not shot our astronaut - Would have died anyway . Demons . And I thought I had a bad day . I 'm sorry , Lieutenant . Entered without permission . Colonel Dunagan . Air Force OIE Special Investigations Officer . We need to take care of all have evidence of this case . - Including the body . - He died in our jurisdiction . It is an official Air Force wife . Our man , our jurisdiction . This is the federal order that supports us . - " Posse comitatus . " - Excuse me ? Chapter 263 , Article 15 . Approved on June 18 , 1868 . Prohibits using the military common in police cases . Thanks for the lesson history , son . But that law was enacted to prevent the Executive Branch ... Use the military ... against its own citizens . Clearly does not apply here . Now , please pull to the side . Not repeat it again . Let , Doe . I 'm just doing my job , ma 'am . It seems that back again . Hey , as if they had never been gone . That is another story , Frank . I have to tell you something . When I worked for Uncle Sam I saw many secret maneuvers . Planned coups , irregular operations , everything . The world does not work as we have newspapers or television . This morning was a tragedy When Captain Nelson Barnes died during a training accident At this air base . Captain Barnes was testing A new prototype F-25 ... - ... when its landing gear failed . - It 's him . - The teams worked hours - - Astronaut . Staff was evacuated - There was a plane crash . - No more ... - It is a " deja vu " that is repeated . ... In this tragic accident . If I could intercept the signals KHSR spy satellite expansive 183 - A spy satellite can see the registration a car that goes 150km / h in the I-5 . When finished , television conéctame Free satellite in my house . With this we can see what they do those soldiers in those woods . If the astronaut made a forced landing There must be some kind of debris impact hole or something . Does not look good . The Cloud cover is very dense . What you know about Lacrosse ? I know Jim Brown was Syracuse player . The 3000 is a satellite Lacrosse Spy $ 500 million Released on December 2 , 1988 . It entered orbit on 57 degrees . But emits waves microwave on Earth So we can see through dense clouds . It was a rhetorical question . My intention was to try to locate its signal . 3,000 was taken Lacrosse orbit for 6 years . It 's what they say , but actually left him there . Masking the signal with a Weather Transmitter . - How do you know all this ? - Just see if you can access it . You 're right . Still there . And you 're the one with all knowledge . 47 degrees and 51 minutes north . The exact location where body was found . Can you improve the image ? The clouds are dense . Head a little . My God . Looks like a crop circle . Looks like something burned the tree line . As if something had landed there . It seems The island where I woke up . Or where you left off . The Air Force is giving a different story . Then , go to the forest to see what is happening . Listen , I do not like being deceived as much as you But is it worth breaking the law Federal and risk your career ? - Finish my career ? - It is important to John . What is this ? It 's my first memory . Woke up naked on the island . - In the middle of that circle . - Naked ? Any idea how you got there ? A few hours ago I downloaded this . It 's the same circle . What do you think has caused it ? Maybe some secret aircraft . Or maybe - - Maybe what ? - A UFO . I know it sounds ridiculous , but it is not more ridiculous than what I experience daily . Consider this . What if there was ... - ... abducted ? - Why aliens ? Kidnapped , researched and left on that island . And you 're willing to bet the plate why ? How about little green men ? You always say that keep an open mind . Yes , but not so open . You can get in trouble there . And with two civilian companions ? Thanks for your concern , Lieutenant . I 'm not saying we should not investigate . But there is a right way and a wrong . All right . Then an ? tame to the wrong way . Jamie , please . Could be a clue of who I am . All right . I want I report every hour . I have some ideas . Go . Come on . The next perimeter happen in an hour . I learned a trick in western Bolivia . We used palms to hide our units . When we were at war with Bolivia ? - No we were . - Officially . - And unofficially ? - Unofficially ? We lost two our best men . With the government hiding could write volumes . With the government hiding could fill libraries . Are these libraries have a section UFO ? Ways of alien life ? I do not know . I removed the card library years ago . FORT MC CAREY MAIN QUADRANT " Colonel Dunagan ? Lieutenant Avery want to see . Seattle Police . - What I can do for you , Lieutenant ? - Seeking some clarity . Shot him Captain Nelson Barnes Wearing a suit space in the forest . That is not the official story , ma 'am . " Official history or official lie ? Could you give us a second ? Unofficially , I do not know what happened out there but I 'll find out . We can assist in the investigation , if you give us access to the body . The remains of Captain Barnes have been cremated . It was his last wish . How convenient . I guess you can not tell me what Captain Barnes ... - ... was doing in the forest . - Sorry . I can not . Is confidential . And it is my job to keep it that way . What about his wife and children ? What do you say to them ? His father was a hero . Who died serving their country well . It 's all I can say . Now if you 'll excuse me - We are west of the clearing 2.645m. At this rate we arrive at 13.4 minutes . We would go faster on donkeys . Come on , please claim your medal . Molly is not for these paths , Frank . Molly ? You call your self Molly ? The car is like a member of family . Deserves a name . Stop ! A 1.8 meter base that tree . A metal disk . Is a marker of land . The Green Berets used them . Means that there crawlers heat in the area . I am Lt. Avery . We met the other night . Thanks for coming . - My son got in trouble ? - Not at all . Hoping you could tell more about the other night . Starting to see a light in the sky . I do not know how really remember Ryan . Well , let Ryan speaks for itself . Ryan is only 17 years . I do not think we should talk to Are you without a lawyer present . They 're here for you , is not it ? - Where 's the fire ? - Over there . Dioxide gas carbon generates a mist ... Giving the laser ... something where Reflecta Making them visible to the naked eye . What a great spider web . How do I pass ? - Glass . - Glass ? The infrared rays not pass through the glass . At least not well . As in the greenhouses . The sun 's heat can enter but harmful rays are filtered . If we can find large pieces of glass We can traverse Laser undetected . And where we find large pieces of glass in the woods ? No . No . - Not Molly . She is - - Part of the family ? What is the family ? There are 9 pieces of glass , counting the sunroof . Next . We have enough glass to create a corridor And go crawling . I should not accept being a driver . There you go . Dunagan was assigned to Ala 512 On the Base Dover Air Force . Rumors say that there are carried out the most secret projects . Five years later he was reassigned At 88 Wing Base Patterson Air Force . Rumors have the nave that crashed in Roswell in 1947 . Wait , listen to this . Where He was assigned next ? Groom Lake . Also known as Area 51 in the great state of Nevada . And now here in Washington . It 's the kind of UFO Air Force . Lord . Coronel . They are restless , sir . Its constants are stable . No danger . We lost by one . Already knew what was at stake . We take the limit for a reason . Any disruption only end the mission . Understood , sir . Do not do that ! Let me . Leave that thing ! Let me , let me ! So I do not like the country . Take the kids to the sun a couple of times a year Is the dose I need nature . What are you doing standing there ? The lock opens with operable a piston preformal memory . Got a light ? Heat the wire above transition temperature And the locking mechanism return it to its position - Boys ! Discoloration of the face and neck . Cyanosis Advanced As the astronaut could find . " Cyanosis ? Hope it is not contagious . No , can induce from a condition to cardiac toxicity . Whatever the cause , these flying boys ended badly . This is a complete mess ! Signs of struggle , a fight broke out . Or were attacked Perhaps a wild animal . The cupboard is intact And I see no scratches , I doubt to enter anything or anyone . Bring a coroner to find out . Do not bother , the antenna next cell is 93 miles Excellent . I do not understand is why the colonel has not arrived ? With this technology normal is that we were watching . I think they are doing much more than observe . Any news ? For hours I do not know anything about Frank . In confidence , I am concerned . Do you think that something has happened ? Shut up , he did not think . For collecting more data the machinations of Colonel Is impossible . And if we have someone inside , someone close to him . I do not know , these military not betray . I know who would . There is a First Sergeant that 's a little nervous . Lieutenant Averinge ! What are you doing here ? I ask you something on Dunugan Colonel . Yes , but I think not is the right time . Just take a moment If you do not mind . Go ahead . What kind of person is the colonel ? Is it easy to work with him ? I do not know if you use the word " Easy " when it comes to him . I understand , sir Ruiz what could tell . Will surely win . I am the messenger of Colonel To pay the bills , go to the cleaners . Wear insignia of sergeant first But I feel like a secretary . Please . Have you noticed something strange in acts of Colonel ? If he knew I talked to you would send me to prison . As far as I 'm concerned , We have not spoken . Unusual ... What means unusual ? Well , I do not know , a change in their normal functions . Have you been more stressed lately ? On the contrary , never had been so quiet . Bought a new home A car , go on vacation to the Caymans again . Taking into account that just returned from there . Do the forces Airlines will pay so well ? I have no idea where it comes from . Any ideas ? It is a good man ... - I 'm not accusing - - ... and it is my commander . I think it should go . Well , Colonel finances not like to shoot rockets . It appears that leads a modest life . Then I take one of those . While vacationing in Cayman Islands , according to Sgt. Well I have to go bank per bank , it will take quite a bit . - Unless - - What ? Bingo ! The business register There is a new corporation established in the name of Colonel . It has been registered to handle remez large cable . So the Colonel created a company false , to cover up a dirty business But from whom ? Defense contractors . And military work , make from airplanes to toilet seats . Try to rule out , to see who would buy and why . Impossible ! Let me try . Is titanium reinforced Waste time . Do you have a better idea , smarty ? I found a computer Could be a manual control - Hey . It 's a parachute flare . They know that 37 % of UFO sightings are These flares for military use . Then they saw the light children before shooting ? It was a parachute flare . Another mystery solved . The astronaut had to throw To navigate in the dark . Anyway , what I was doing there ? Geological Was part of his mission . An astronaut outside time , as if they were on Mars . It is very interesting , but you 'd better move away Because I 'm going to fly this can and will leave at once . You 're crazy that is solid propanol G9 We 'd kill . Give me the lighter . - No . - I 'm serious Give me the lighter . Can not you hear ? We kill them . Yes you are destructive today , Doe . First my car , then my lighter . How damn we go from here ? ! - Listen - - So ! No , Frank , no . Are you going crazy ? I forgot , you are the only to get ideas here . Guys , guys is not good time to lose his head . You 're right , not for you would not be here to begin . That 's true . What ? I came to help to solve the case . Help ? We just wanted see if this case served you To find out who you are . Yes , that 's all cares ... the same . What are you saying ? You 're the most selfish person I know . Only three people know . And you what are you laughing , with problems you have at home If I were you 'd be crying . Of course it does , all night in my bar . " Bar ? That seems more like a nightclub themed restaurant in the 80 's . And Digger , what the hell does that mean ? Let me ask . What about your time in the military ? Or was Nuclear Society American ? And your six wives Really exist ? Digger ! I know where did you get the name Is all that shit that you remove with a shovel . If , then at least no I threw my women . At least I have not had six great bastard . At least I do not need a monster spits darts Do my job . What a freak ? Come on , come here ! - Come on . - Relax . - Stop it , come on ! - What are you doing Frank , arrest us ? Better than that , back ! Facts not words . Blurred vision , headache . You have to pity me , John Doe not stand the heat . No , I think we the classic symptoms Of cyanosis . Did not you say that shit was not contagious ? It is not , but I think it the first signs Of hypoxia . What ? Altitude sickness , it just occurs on planes , genius . No , not at any pressurized environment With its own oxygen supply . That was what happened first astronaut And is what is happening . So we 're going to die ? The first symptom is psychosis . That will tell for you . God , after expansion Of the pupils , a intense glow Then coma and death . How much time is left ? According to the clock , 7 : 30 . So at 9 o 'clock we - Dead . Yes . Find out what hidden Colonel in the forests And determine that contractors have reason to steal . Without the latitude and length I can not help . What is this ? Is an IP address With a password . It is the road map of a " hacker " If I follow their trail of crumbs I can enter it the satellite used . It worked ! Can you get more ? With clear skies do not open any problem . There is a circle in the trees . - It 's kind of ship ! - God . If the boys came there and found it . And if they are inside that can ? 60 minutes left . No computer work . Neither the radio . There is no way to communicate with the outside world . The air we breathe , contains 78 % nitrogen 0.94 % argon 0.4 % CO2 And 26 % oxygen . Is again dropping more meaningless data . These data will save the life useless . John Doe 's super hero . Should we buy a suit , a layer tights . Is an oxygen rebreather XR74 . Serves to preserve , gas constant levels . For whatever does not work . Oxygen recyclers are big business Are used for everything . Since the space shuttle to nuclear submarines . If I were in operation . The chip is welded to oxygen control circuit At least it should . - Isolated - What ? There must be a way of communicating . This habitat is incommunicado . The only way to bring supplies Is by helicopter . Good , but not out there no place to land . There must be a Navigation bag . The military regulations required . And just have to find it , We are 48 minutes and a half . The Capitol building Records in Los Angeles Has a red light emitting word " HOLLYWOOD " in Morse code Every 20 seconds . Watch a navigation transmitter . Please tell me you know Morse . Yes , it 's our chance . If someone is watching . What would the forces air up there ? It 's like a lander as it landed on the moon . Did you see that ? Yes , a flash and still there . Not going at regular intervals like someone control him . I think it 's Morse code . Is John Doe ? Good question , you know what it says ? Well the first part of the message Is an SOS The second part seems to say XR74 . " XR74 ? Then he says Useless . XR74 " disabled ? - What does it mean ? - An SOS can be trapped . I 'm tired . I can not stay awake . Frank ? Do not fall asleep . " Digger ? XR74 " has something to do with Colonel savings in the Caymans ? All you get is a recycling model of oxygen . The XR74 , manufactured by Pacific Aeronautics here in Seattle . Doe , did it again . What you got ? Learn what made the colonel cause cyanosis astronaut Made all recyclers that can . Who could do such things ? Someone who had it all planned receive money from the company I wanted the contract . If the system is failing presented with its own technology . That is the answer to all your extra income . Went out . - Why is it off ? - Are not ? It from your account in the Caymans . Lieutenant , what 's - Has received bribes for Aeronautics Pacifics boycott . Excuse me ? Hundreds of thousands of dollars . Recyclers sabotaged oxygen to hire another . Has crossed the line , Lieutenant . My friends are dying there . Sir ? RESTRICTED AREA The suit is account of itself . There 's nobody more than my men . Have had problems but You are right . Where is Hayes and Doe ? This makes no sense . Is this real time ? Sure . The clock in the corner top right Make an approach . Is 2 hours late . What the hell ? This is not live with a recording . The date is 4 days ago . Reprogramaré the vent damper . You must take me there now . This is our business , Lt. And confidential we 'll take care . CRITICAL Looked for this ? - Should be - - Dead ? Is that what you meant ? Luckily I noticed the oxygen recyclers You sabotaged . " Sabotage ? But I come to help . An oxygen control panel Pacific . What coincidence ? So that it seems that alone failed recyclers . You better be looking for a lawyer . I am inspector of police Greater Seattle Is you are under arrest , Sgt. Good trick . Had a loop of video images . Neither Dunugan nor the others knew nothing . Thanks to its position Could handle the issues Colonel personal Even open an account your name in the Caymans . And finally killed their men . Is why the world 's oldest . When recyclers prove defective The contract would be for Aeronautics Pacific rival Billion . I lost control . I tried to end before the other died . I just wanted to show the defect Of recyclers and request a new contract . But when he died Bars I could not replace it in time . I swear That Colonel refused change the protocol . He did not know that experiment had been sabotaged . I did not want to kill anyone . Put it in writing and will be easier . Is not it moving ? - I did not want to kill us . - Yes . Now you will mourn ? Remember Frank , what I told you and your family ? Hypoxia spoke , not me . Maybe . But there was some truth The truth is that I change my home life . Digger , I feel what I told your wife . Relax , it was nothing . Being honest in a sense , until I envy you . The truth is that you should try to keep your family . And you I said the costume and cape Yes I meant it . - It would be good in tights . - You bet ! Better not do it again . Glad to have nothing to do with UFOs . Look ! The world does not revolve about John Doe . Translated by Gowesoft , Ticogotenks and Caagualp .
