 movies subtitles : subtitles.alege.net Man : Who could these men be ? What authority did they represent ? K. lived in a country with a legal constitution . There was universal peace . all the laws were in force . Who dared to seize him in his own dwelling ? Where was the judge he had never seen ? Where was the high court ? He raised his hands . But the hands of one of the partners were already at K. ' s throat , while the other thrust the knife into his heart and turned it there twice . Abba Eban : Joseph K. , the hero of Franz Kafka 's novel the trial , goes to his death without ever knowing what his offense might have been . His enemy is the unbridled , irrational , emotionless power of a modern totalitarian state . We have , in this century , too often seen this legalized nightmare occur in reality , a nightmare that we now call Kafkaesque , with its street policemen , street thugs , and concentration camps , where death can become an industry of the state . It is fitting that Kafka , the prophet of this horror , shouldn 't be born a Jew , for the Jews of Europe were to experience the first half of the 20th century as a Kafkaesque ordeal ... A time which promised them freedom and equality , but which brought them to the brink of annihilation . At first in the 1920s the mood was optimistic . 19th-century stuffiness was dispelled . There was a new sense of liberty and even of excess . Profound changes in how we thought of ourselves , of the world , even of the universe were working down into popular consciousness . In 1921 , Albert Einstein was awarded the Nobel laureate . He came to symbolize not only the new intellectual order , but also the final and complete emancipation of west European Jewry . Like Freud , he became one of the Jewish patriarchs of the modern world . The numbers of Jews in scientific , artistic , and public life increased as formal barriers against them fell away . The steam of modernism in art and its role in the sophistication , the symbolized general license and decadence to those who needed stability and certainty in their lives . They found the modern world confused , tense , frenzied . Appeals to order and traditional morality were in vogue . In Italy , the journalist Mussolini seized power . Hundreds of political opponents were murdered . Believing in the disciplines of a vanished past , he adopted the sticks and axes of ancient roman authority as the symbol of his regime - the fasces-fascists-fascism . It was an age without consensus , an age of extremes - individualism versus conformity , liberty versus subservience to the state . And for the Jews , inevitably caught up in this conflict , the consequences were to be tragic . The vast majority of Jews lived in Eastern Europe - far from the world of the few privileged Jewish artists , scientists , and businessmen of the West . Visitors taking home movies in the twenties would notice few signs of modern times in the shtetl , the market-town . But the appearance of tradition was , to a certain extent , deceptive . By the early thirties , there were 9.5 million Jews in Europe-mostly Yiddish speaking . They were increasingly secular and increasingly urban , living in the cities of Poland , Lithuania , Romania , and Hungary - communities poor in worldly goods , but rich in vitality and diversity . Some supported traditional religious life . Others denied it . Some stressed Jewish difference . Others sought assimilation . Whatever road they took , the Jews paid for the freedom , creativity , and prominence which some - a very few of them-achieve . This limited success fueled traditional hatred of the Jews as aliens and competitors . Nevertheless Jewish cultural life of all kinds flourished . [ man singing in Yiddish ] Yiddish produced a popular literature , a tradition of stage plays , and now a small movie industry . [ singing in Yiddish ] In Hebrew and Polish , as well as in Yiddish , the Jewish press thrived . There was a vigorous debate about what being Jewish meant - from the traditionalists to the socialists to the Zionists . Zionism was taken up by a minority who felt increasingly the constraints of anti-semitism all around them . Girl : I did not see any prospects for a future after I finished school . In this terrible situation , I took to Zionism like a drowning person to a board . Boy : The one aim is to go to Palestine . Eban : These polish youngsters were smitten by a dream . Jewish resettlement of Palestine had begun . It was progressing slowly , but it was underway - another road into the modern world , a road away from the centuries-old traditions of European Jewry . Traditional Jewish life faced challenges everywhere . In Russia after the revolution , Jews who had little enough reason to support the old order were found among the communist leaders . The revolution reached into every corner of life , and although it broke the walls of czarist oppression , it also directly threatened and although it broke the Jewish traditions . But the central threat to traditional Jewish life in Europe developed in the west , in the state with the most modern , most assimilated Jewish community - Germany . In the 1840s , the Jewish poet Heine had called this land ... Man : A modern Palestine , the home of philosophy , the mother soil of prophecy , and the citadel of pure spirituality . Eban : Defeated in the world war , Germany was now embodied in a faltering democracy - the Weimar republic . Inflation and then depression destroyed the value of her people 's savings and wages . The bread lines lengthened as jobs vanished . Weimar 's politics constantly slipped into extremism . On the far right , the national socialists , the Nazis , made a bid to turn all of Germany 's discontents to their advantage . Although the Nazi platform might of been deranged it was as coherent in its way as any other political program of the day . It promised bread and work and was seen by many as a clear alternative to the chaos of Weimar . Man : Sieg ... Crowd : Heil ! Sieg ... Heil ! Sieg ... Heil ! Eban : Nuremburg ... a symbol of the glories of Germany 's past . The Nazis were to turn this vision into a dark romance of blood , soil , race , and honor . By appropriating and distorting all of German history , they mounted a successful appeal across the deep divisions of Weimar society . The Nazi party began as a revolutionary gang , terrorizing all opponents . But by the late twenties , Hitler himself was leaving these tactics behind to seek office through the ballot . The party became so popular that one out of every 3 Germans without compulsion was regularly voting Nazi . After the election of January 1933 , Hitler became Weimar 's last Chancellor . His contempt for the democracy he had manipulated was total . He rapidly silenced all opposition . Within 6 months of the election , gestures of protest such as this became impossible . Democracy was banned . Hitler was dictator . Mussolini said ... Man : Fascism is a religion . The 20th century will be known in history as the century of fascism . Eban : Hitler was proclaimed the father of the nation , the son of the race , the spirit of the folk . A fantasy of total conformity and subjugation fed the Nazis ' dark dream . All the liberal ideals of the modern world were to be cauterized , burned out , put to the flame . Sigmund Freud , who had in 1924 received the Goethe prize not for his science , but for the purity and elegance of his German prose , wrote , " What progress we are making . " In the middle ages , they would have burned me . Nowadays , they are content with burning my books . " But Freud was wrong . The Nazis were not to be content with the burning of books . [ speaking German ] Eban : The ideas in the books were to be destroyed , and all who persisted in believing in those ideas were to be destroyed as well . Dachau ... a quiet community , a few miles from Munich noted only for the ferocity of its local brown shirts . it was here that the Nazis set up their first concentration camp , to test the limits of their new power . They rounded up communists and churchmen , liberals and social democrats - all who opposed them . German society and the German courts turned a blind eye . The Nazis , a small band of determined extremists , had successfully overturned the central balance of government . At first , most Jews , bystanders in Weimar 's extremist politics , were not subjected of the concentration camp , unless they were politically active against the regime . But this was not long to remain the case . On the street , the Nazis presented the Jew as the enemy who moved all other enemies . They used the radicalism of a few Jews and the wealth of a few more as sticks with which to beat the whole community . Nazi hatred had no rational basis . It was , in essence , an amalgam of racial hysteria and prejudice , a dangerous paranoia . The early phase of Nazi rule was one of humiliation and public vilification , intermittent street violence , boycotts , and of signs saying , " Jews not wanted . " Woman : I had walked the streets in Berlin and saw milling crowds in front of various stores with Jewish names . I felt completely at a loss . I didn 't know what it was all about until I came to the tobacconist . And I saw a very large crowd standing in front , yelling on top of their voices , " Juden raus . Juden raus . " and suddenly , my blood boiled over , and I made my way through this crowd , went into the shop . I felt this overwhelming anger in being considered by this people as a Jewess whereas I myself considered myself a German . I was as German as they were . [ all shouting in German in unison ] As I left the shop , the crowd outside had made for me a very narrow lane . I could barely walk through . I kept on thinking in my head , just show dignity . Don 't be afraid . Just show dignity . And they were yelling , " Go to Palestine , juden raus . get out . " [ man speaking German ] Eban : This haphazard persecution was not to be the shape that Nazi repression would take . [ speaking German ] [ crowd cheering ] Throughout the years when Hitler ruled in peace and Germany prospered , the Jewish community was devastated by law after law . Legislation denied the Jews all those rights which normally only the law can guarantee . The Nazis twisted every institution of government regarded then and still seen today as vital to the protection of the citizen . [ bells ringing ] It happened in 3 phases . First , from 1933 ... Jews excluded from the practice of law . No Jews allowed to work as civil servants , including teachers , professors , and doctors in public practice . No Jewish newspaper editors . In schools and universities , a quota system for Jewish students . Then in 1935 , the Nuremburg decrees - Jews are declared second-class citizens , with virtually no rights . All further social and sexual contact with their neighbors is prohibited . Then a third wave . By 1939 , Jews would be totally excluded from any economic activity . Special identity cards would be required and passports stamped with a " j " . Jews would be excluded completely from universities , beaches , sleeping cars and dining cars on trains , forbidden to drive private vehicles , subject to arbitrary eviction by landlords or divorce by non-Jewish partners , restricted to certain shopping hours . Gradually , the modern totalitarian state was taking shape , and within it , the Jew was becoming the ultimate outcast . All this was for less than one in 100 of the population ... For there were only some 520,000 Jews in a Reich of 60 million . Yet for most of the others , life , for the first time since the first world war , was good . There were jobs again , not least because Germany was rearming . And Germany was once more respected in the world . In 1936 , as a mark of this renewed stature , she hosted the Olympic games . The country was cleaned up for the occasion . Jewish athletes were allowed to attend . Janet Flanner wrote in the New Yorker ... Woman : For Germany , 1936 has been an Olympian season . Only a determined deaf-and-blind visitor to any corner of this land could fail to see and hear the sight and the sound of Germany 's forward march . Eban : It was a forward march that , within 5 years , was to engulf the whole of Europe . [ crowd cheering ] [ crowd chanting in German ] In every state bordering the Reich lived ancient German-speaking communities . Each one now became a pretext for Nazi intervention . Austria was first . But as the greater Reich grew to contain more Germans , it also expanded to absorb more Jews . But they were dealt with swiftly . The process of humiliation , expropriation , and terror , which had taken 5 years to develop in Germany , was unleashed in days and weeks . But there were protests , as there had been from the very beginning . Mayor la Guardia had proclaimed ... Mayor la Guardia : I am here this evening to join with my fellow New Yorkers in a great protest not against the German people , but against the present German government . Eban : But all voices of protest were buried . [ air-raid siren ] The thirties were a time of depression , political violence , and outright armed conflict . Far from being the most civilized of centuries , the twentieth had begun to reveal the terrifying effects of new technologies . Wars raged around the globe - from China and Ethiopia to Spain . To contain the flood of war , Germany 's neighbors developed a policy of appeasement . After Austria , Germany wanted and was given the German-speaking area of Czechoslovakia . Czechoslovakia was dismembered . In such a world , it is not surprising that the Jews were being left to their fate . In the courts and on the street , the Jews were constantly threatened . On November 9 , 1938 , Goebbels turned out the brown shirts for an orgy of burning and looting . Kristallnacht - " the night of breaking glass . " every synagogue in Germany was attacked by the Nazis . 91 Jews died . Man : I stood there for maybe half an hour . There was not one attempt to putout the fire in the synagogue . My father was not there , he comeback late that morning . He was in bad shape . We talked together - " What 's going to happen now ? " and one thing he did - and he suggested - he says , " We got to get you out . " Eban : The truth was unambiguously clear after Kristallnacht . The Nazis had legally written the Jews out of society . Now they would physically expel them from the Reich . But where were the Jews to go ? In 1938 , the world was still suffering from depression and high unemployment . It was a world of visas , immigration quotas , and affidavits . Man : There was a family , a non-Jewish family , living in Wilmington , Delaware , who had offered an affidavit for myself to get out . That affidavit , unfortunately , had a number next to it . That number was somewhere-18,000 . and when we went to the American consulate to try to find out when I would able to leave - to leave Germany to emigrate to the United States , I was told that the year was 1942 . Eban : Yet some doors were ajar . Palestine was there as a haven . The Zionist dream was still alive . A virtual British colony since 1918 , Palestine presented a most un-European face . It was an undeveloped multi-ethnic Middle Eastern land , and for most immigrants , it offered a vivid contrast to the Europe that they had fled . Woman : Above all , it was so completely different to anything I had known back home - the sharpness of the colors , the scents , the smells , and the variety of the people . Outside the cities , there were no trees , no woods , no rivers , no brooks , just here and there , oasis of dazzling flowers and citrus groves and then unremitting sand . [ group singing in Hebrew ] Eban : Despite hardships , the dream was being clothed in reality . The Jewish community was more than 200,000 strong . It had begun to remake the land . And with an effort every bit as hard , it had reestablished Hebrew as an everyday language . A whole new Jewish city , Tel Aviv , was being built . A new society , a new culture was being fashioned . The Hebrew university was founded . A national symphony orchestra was established , and Toscanini conducted it as a protest against the European fascists . As more Jews arrived , relations with the Arab majority worsened . In 1939 , the British responded to Arab unrest by limiting Jewish migration to a total of 75,000 over 5 years and then no more Jews at all . The door was to be slammed . The community protested , but the policy remained unchanged . It was a policy to be repeated by nation after nation . Nearly everywhere , the refugees were to be refused entry . This was a time of an exodus by every available route , a time of a wandering as tragic as any ever suffered by the Jews . 907 Germans Jews boarded the steamship the St. Louis , heading for Cuba . They came within feet of safety , but were turned away . Pleading was useless . Next they approached Miami , But the US coast guard denied them entry . Unable to land in the new world , they were forced to return to the old . The escape had failed . The opportunities for further escape attempts were fast disappearing . Throughout Europe , tensions were mounting . Once more , the world was on the brink . The Reich wanted western Poland . September 1939 - the Nazis crossed the polish border , and the world was at war . The word " lightning " in German , blitz , acquired for all the peoples who lived between the north sea and the Urals , a frightful new meaning . The Nazis waged lightning war , blitzkrieg , across an entire continent . Nation after nation was struck down . Total war involved people , ordinary people , in unprecedented numbers . Millions of families were split up under the Nazi guns . Many would never see each other again . Each conquest-and for 3 years there was little else - each conquest , especially in the east of Europe , added to the number of Jews within the Reich . For every Jew within his grasp in 1933 , Hitler had nearly 20 in 1941 . So , to contain and control them in all the cities of the East , the Nazis confined the Jews to what they termed " ghettos . " From Kazimierz , a suburb of the polish city of Krakow , the Jews were herded together across the river into the poorest sections of the town . Facing the all-encompassing power of the Nazis , the Jews were doubly imprisoned - held in the ghettos and surrounded by occupying armies . Physical resistance was futile , but moral resistance was everywhere . Forbidden public prayer , they prayed in secret . In back rooms on long benches near a table , little schoolchildren sat and learned in secret . Jews worked . The Jews believed , needed to believe , that if the work was required , then so was the worker . Above all , there was a sense of foreboding . however hellish the ghetto , families were still intact . There was a semblance of order . But the Jews feared that worse was yet to come . Woman : God , please let us stay here . Show us you 're merciful . If my senses are accurate , this is the last paradise we will ever know . Please let us stay in this heavenly hell forever . We are tightly packed in the ghetto . But that must be a fine way to live in comparison to deportation . Did God take leave of his senses ? Something terrible is coming . There are 7 of us in 9 feet of space . Let them put 14 together , 28 , we will sleep on top of each other . We will get up at 3 AM , not 4 : 00 , stand in line for 10 hours , anything ... anything . Just let our families stay together . Eban : 5,000 a month were dying of starvation and disease in Warsaw 's ghetto . But this was not enough for the Germans . And now the Nazis made their unique contribution to the annals of European anti-semitism . They no longer said , as had their medieval forebears , " You cannot live amongst us as Jews . " They no longer said , as they themselves had for nearly a decade , " You cannot live amongst us . " Now they said something new . they said , " You cannot live . " As the Germans swept into the heart of the Jewish communities of western Russia in 1941 , close behind the front lines came the mobile killing squads of the SS . In the 16 months to the autumn of 1942 , members of the German army as well as Ukrainian and Baltic pro-Nazis , shot nearly 1.5 million Jews - 2 human beings a minute for every hour of every day for nearly 500 days . But the " problem , " as the Nazis termed it , persisted . Early in 1942 , here at a villa in Wannsee outside Berlin , the leaders of the German government met in order to refine the plan - already underway in the East - of systematically murdering every last Jew in its control . By spring , the logistics of death were in place . Bureaucratic processes down to the last minute detail of costing , supplies , and scheduling were put to the service of murder . Leitner : We drag ourselves to the railroad station . The sun is mercilessly hot . People are fainting , babies screaming . We , the young and healthy teenagers , are totally spent . What must the old , the sick feel , totally stripped of our dignity , leaving the town we were born in , grew up in ? What happens after this long wait ? Where are we off to ? 75 to a car . No toilets , no doctors , no medication . We squeeze my mother into a sitting position on the backpack . Her face has an otherworldly look . She knows she will not live , but she wants us to live , desperately . All these years I have carried with me her face of resignation and hope and love . " Stay alive , my darlings - all six of you . " We started the journey of ugliness on may 29 . We headed for Auschwitz . We arrived on may 31 . Man : Our line moved slowly forward until we came face to face with an elegant SS man - leather coat , gloves - a young man . And the thumb went up , and the thumb went down . up-you lived , down-you died . We didn 't know what it meant . We had no idea . Leitner : The scent of spring wasn 't delicious . The earth didn 't smile . It shrink in pain . The air was filled with the stench of death , unnatural death . The smoke was thick . The sun couldn 't crack through . The scent was the smell of burning flesh . The burning flesh was your mother . I am condemned to walk the earth for all my days with the stench of burning flesh in my nostrils . My nostrils are damned . May is damned . May should be abolished . May hurts . There should be only 11 months in a year . May should be set aside for tears for 6 million years to cleanse the earth . Eban : Millions died , but contrary to the records made by the Nazis , they did not all die without protest , for despite the starvation and brutality and the unbridled power of their guards , some rebelled . In Auschwitz , in the lowest circle of hell , the special squad charged with the disposal of the dead attempted a revolt . In Treblinka , the underground blew up the arsenal , and 200 inmates escaped . In Sobibor , the entire surviving population rebelled . Man : " Comrades , forward , " I shouted . The cries echoed through the camp as 600 of us , pain-racked and tormented , surged forward to life and freedom . Eban : The grass has grown over many concentration camps - Auschwitz , Majdanek , Treblinka , Theresienstadt , Bergen-Belsen . Perhaps the word " monument " is the best way of describing their significance today . There are across the world monuments to man 's gift of beauty . There are monuments to man 's creativity . There are monuments to man 's wealth . Here scatter over Europe there are this monuments , monuments to human cruelty , suffering anguish , and resistance . The ghettos are not preserved . Nevertheless , they offer witness to the strength of the human spirit , for here , too , resistance , when weapons could be found and preparations made , became rebellion . In Bialystok , in Vilna , in 105 ghettos , there was armed resistance . In Warsaw , the young Jews , the under-20s , the radicals , ambushed the Nazis . We were young boys and girls . We had no military training before . We prepared quite a big mine under the road where the Germans marched in , and we switched on , and the mine exploded . this was really the first time I saw dead Germans . The Germans , of course , were astonished . When they came near to us , we had thrown them a handmade grenade we had - the Molotov bottles - and then again , we saw some Germans burning like a torch . We just wanted to die with dignity . That 's all what we wanted and to take revenge . Eban : After weeks of fighting , the Germans retook the ghetto building by building . Elsewhere , resistance continued . [ man singing in German ] Where the endless forests were in reach of the ghettos , thousands escaped to join the soviet partisans , harassing the Nazis behind the lines . From the ghetto of Minsk alone , 10,000 fled to reinforce the fighters in the forest . All in all , one estimate says , as many as 40,000 Jews were under arms in the East . Although these episodes had limited strategic significance , for the Jews they were a crucial step away from their traditional behavior . The responses of European Jewry to this persecution had been to no avail . Obedience to every last whim of their persecutors had brought them no respite . They faced the ultimate barbarity . It understood only power . So , Jewish communities , however few , however futile their resistance , rose in arms against their oppressors . Beyond their heroism , beyond the search for dignity and death , Jews came to understand the necessity of power . This was a crucial lesson . There is a lesson also in remembering the righteousness of ordinary people in every European nation . Denmark-until the fall of 1943 , the quietest of Nazi occupations . The 7,500 Danish Jews lived in peace under the Nazis unmarked and unenslaved . Orders were drawn up to begin deportations . The Danes refused to cooperate . Among the protests , a pastor cried from the pulpit , " I would rather die with the Jews than live with the Nazis . " The Nazis planned the roundup for the Jewish New Year - September 1943 . The Danes hid all but 477 Jews in factories , in hospitals , in private homes . Over the next several nights , the Jews were placed in boats , any boats , and ferried over the narrow waters to safe and neutral Sweden . The Danish Jews were blessed with neighbors who abhorred persecution of any kind . Others across Europe also found ways of protecting their Jewish neighbors . There were public demonstrations in Bulgaria . Swiss and Swedish visas were issued in Budapest . Everywhere , at great risk , single Jews or , more often , Jewish children were hidden . Very few were saved . But each life is a testament to what might be called the Danish spirit . In contrast , the governments of the unenslaved world witnessed the genocide of the Jews almost in silence . And they did witness it . By the spring of 1944 , the allies knew the exact nature of the camps from Auschwitz escapees . But although allied bombers flew over rail lines to the camp , The death trains were never disrupted . The Jews were not alone in their agony . In the camps , the Nazis murdered millions of Russians , Serbs , Poles , one out of 3 of Europe 's Romany gypsies-all opposition - the mentally ill and the chronically sick , Jehovah 's witnesses , homosexuals . Elsewhere the innocent were also dying sometimes in atrocities as bad as the camps . Here , in Oradour in central France , on the morning of the 10th of June 1944 , the Nazis murdered the entire population . They shot the men and then killed 500 children and women in the village church . The specific reason for the massacre was not announced and has never been discovered . Oradour-sur-Glane has never been rebuilt . The Nazis were fighting 2 wars - one without rules against the Jews , the other a general war . But the 2 wars were , in fact , one . Believing that one group of human beings , the Jews , were vermin led the Nazis to treat all their fellows as such . It became one war against the value of individual life . For all free people , the war became something more - a crusade against a terrible evil . Beyond the usual claims of justice and right , the allies - Roosevelt and Churchill - argued that the Nazis were an uncommon breed of evil - antihumanistic , the very antithesis of civilization . The cost of the conflict was enormous - more than 30 million dead - the majority , civilians . The allies ruthlessly pursued victory in response to the Nazis ' total war . The Reich was to be destroyed as effectively as it had devastated its neighbors . Summer , 1944 : D-day . Germany careened into defeat , invaded from East and West , and the Reich that was to have lasted a thousand years drowned in a sea of blood . And so , finally , it was over . The particular plague that had tormented the world for 12 years passed away and was stilled . For the millions of soldiers , among them hundreds of thousands of Jews in the allied armies , the time had come to go home . But in Europe in the summer of 1945 , 11 million prisoners of war and displaced people were uncertain where home might be ... none more so than the remnant of the death camps . 100,000 Jewish survivors fled into the British and American occupied areas of Germany from the East . Some Jews tried returning to the polish cities , but within a year , there was another pogrom . over 8 centuries of Jewish life in Poland virtually came to an end . This is Krakow , Poland , today . The Jewish community still has a warden , but now it numbers a scant 700 . Once it was nearly 60,000 strong . The Jewries of central Europe were , as the Nazis had desired , very nearly wiped from the face of the earth . And the secular Yiddish culture that flourished here has disappeared forever . The Jewish presence , which had contributed to the history of these lands for more than 8 centuries , was savagely cut off . But the Nazis attacked far more than the communities of one small European ethnic minority . And the significance of the destruction of those communities is of a moment greater than the limits of Jewish history . The Nazis challenged the values of civilization . They offered a grim plan for the future - a world in which doubt was forbidden , a world of absolute truths , a world of obsessive order and rigid conformity , a world without human diversity . And they were willing to go to any lengths to achieve their purpose . But in the end , at a cost almost too great to bear , they were defeated . None can know the meaning of that narrow victory so well as those who witnessed the very eye of the storm . Man : There is nothing else my generation could do but bear witness and , therefore , bear witness for humanity . They thought they could kill 6 million Jews and go on as though the 6 million Jews didn 't die . Well , together with the Jew , the image of man was destroyed . We have all the reasons in the world to despair and to give up on man and to give up on culture , on civilization , on language , and even on God . But we won 't permit it to happen . We have the reasons to do so , but we will not invoke them . And in spite of everything , we shall go on believing . Eban : Out of these ashes comes the understanding that no one 's life can be guaranteed without constant struggle . Belief in the ultimate ability of humankind to overcome the darkest , most brutal of forces is the light which must carry us forward .
