 Captain 's Log , Stardate 54129.4 . It 's a bittersweet day for the crew of Voyager . We 've finally found a home for some of our most precious cargo . Thank you again for taking care of them , Captain . We 're very grateful . We 're just glad that Rebi and Azan will have a chance to grow up with their own people and that you 've been kind enough to let Mezoti join them . You can still come with us . And you can still stay on Voyager . Adapting to your absence will be difficult . I 'll miss you , too . It 's time . I 've been studying all available data relevant to this species , as you recommended . Familiarizing yourself with their culture will help you adapt . On Wysanti , it 's customary not to say good-bye , but I think I prefer the human way . Energize . We should deactivate the children 's alcoves . Right now ? They 're a drain on Voyager 's power reserves . Is there a problem ? It just seems like an insufficient amount of time has passed . You 're having an emotional response to the children 's departure . They 'll be fine . We should be happy for them . Seven ? Yes ? You 're crying . My ocular implant must be malfunctioning . Crying is nothing to be ashamed of , Seven . You should have seen me the first time I heard Puccini 's Tosca in the holodeck . I sobbed through the entire third act . You 're a hologram . You can 't cry . Ordinarily , but Lieutenant Torres enhanced my emotional subroutines , so I could truly appreciate the performance . Then your reaction was the result of a technological enhancement , just as mine was the result of a technological malfunction . Saying good-bye to the children was a traumatic experience . Crying was a normal response . Except that I was in complete control of my emotions . Hmm . It seems I owe you an apology . According to this , your tears were the result of a glitch in your primary cortical node . Have you experienced any other malfunctions lately ? Headache ? Dizziness ? Diminished motor function ? No . Really ? Then you won 't mind if I check the bio-monitors in your alcove just to be sure ? I 've experienced an occasional headache . Why didn 't you come to see me ? The malfunctions have not affected my work . Seven , if you 're having problems , you need to let me know . If it 'll make you feel better , I 'll be more forthcoming in the future . You 're all heart . I 'll schedule some follow-up tests and make my report to the Captain . I 'd prefer to keep this between us . I don 't want to worry the Captain . We 've always kept her informed of your medical needs . It was my understanding that all members of this crew have the right to doctor-patient confidentiality . If you want to keep this between us , that 's where it 'll stay . Have you finished charting the nebula in Sector 949 ? Several hours ago . I 've been thinking . While I 'm grateful for the opportunity to assist you in Astrometrics , I 'd like to take on more challenging assignments . I can assign you additional diagnostics . That 's not what I meant . I want to work on the Bridge . You don 't have the proper training . That 's why I 'd like to take the entrance exam for Starfleet Academy . I could forward it to Earth in the next datastream transmission . If I pass , I could take the basic classes from Commander Tuvok . He was an instructor at the Academy . Your plan is ambitious . Then you think it 's a good idea ? You could take the classes with me . Earn your own commission . I believe I 've already assimilated enough Starfleet training . I 'll need a letter of recommendation from the Captain . I 'll speak to her . I have work to complete in the cargo bay . Can you finish here ? Of course . Computer , initiate regeneration cycle . Unable to comply . Why ? The interface is incompatible . Run a diagnostic of Alcove 01 . Diagnostic complete . Alcove 01 is operating within normal parameters . Initiate regeneration cycle . Unable to comply . Clarify . Your cortical node is malfunctioning . Seven . I didn 't see you . I was just leaving . Before breakfast ? What time is it ? 0500 . Don 't tell me you 've been here all night . I was unable to regenerate . Anything on your mind ? My alcove is malfunctioning . Well , you should ask B 'Elanna to take a look at it . I didn 't want to wake her . What 's all this ? Nutritional supplements . I thought they would compensate . Your own recipe ? It 's a mixture of metabolic enzymes and protein extract . Let me make you one of my Talaxian omelets . It may not have as many enzymes , but it 'll taste better . That won 't be necessary . I think I 'll take your advice and wake Lieu ... Lieutenant ... Seven ! Neelix to Sick Bay . Medical emergency . You lost consciousness in the Mess Hall . Your body 's begun to reject your implants . I 'm afraid it 's a result of that glitch we found in your cortical node . Apparently , it 's more serious than we thought . The node is destabilizing . It 's no longer able to regulate your implants . They 're shutting down one by one . When you 've disconnected implants in the past , I 've always adapted . Minor implants- - an assimilation tubule here , a few nanoprobes there- - nothing crucial to your human physiology , but these implants control your vital functions . And without my cortical node to regulate them , I 'll die . Correct ? Borg technology is highly adaptive . My cortical node will repair itself in time . I don 't think so , Seven . If anything , the deterioration is accelerating . You 'll have to stay here for observation . I think I 've been sufficiently observed . Would you excuse us , please ? I 'm sorry for what 's happening . You have every right to be angry , but that isn 't going to help us solve this problem . The node will correct itself . Suppose it doesn 't ? For the sake of argument . Is it possible to replicate a new one ? The technology is too complex . What if this had happened when you were part of the collective ? How would the Borg have repaired the damage ? They wouldn 't have . Trying to repair a node would be a futile exercise . The Borg would simply replace it . Harry , we passed a Borg debris field six or seven days ago just outside the Yontasa Expanse . See if you can find it on long-range sensors . Yes , ma 'am . It 's not every day we go looking for the Borg . What 's up ? Seven needs a new cortical node . Captain , need I remind you the Borg often return to salvage damaged cubes . It 's a risk I 'm willing to take . I want to help Seven as much as anyone , but if we 're not careful , we 'll all end up with cortical nodes . That 's why I 'm taking the Flyer alone . I 've located the debris field . Transmit the coordinates to the Flyer . You have the Bridge , Commander . With all due respect ... the last time you took the Delta Flyer to confront the Borg , it ended up in a couple thousand pieces . I intend to bring it back in one piece this time . A good pilot might be able to help you do that . Particularly if he 's accompanied by an experienced Tactical Officer . You shouldn 't do this by yourself , Captain . Well , then , gentlemen , I guess you 're with me . Captain . I 'll meet you in the Shuttle Bay . Have you talked to Seven ? Just a few minutes ago . And you don 't approve . Of what ? My request . Request ? I 'm sure Seven will discuss it with you when she has the chance . I 'm sorry I bothered you . Obviously , no one 's told you . Told me what ? Seven isn 't well . What 's wrong with her ? Her cortical node is failing . Her cortical node ? She 's going to die . Not if we find a new node . We 're on our way to search a Borg debris field . I have experience in Borg technology . Let me come with you . I appreciate the offer , but it 's too dangerous . I 'm willing to take the risk . I 'm not willing to let you . I 'll let you know how we did as soon as we 're back . Don 't worry . Seven ? Why are you here ? The Captain told me you were ill . I 'm fine . Then why are you in Sick Bay ? That 's not your concern . You have work to complete . Report to Astrometrics . I 've finished my work . Then I 'll assign you more . Is there a problem ? I wish to be alone . Come with me , please . Why is she so angry with me ? She 's not angry with you . She 's just angry . I don 't understand . It 's a common response to serious illness . She 's frustrated to be confined , embarrassed to appear vulnerable . She shouldn 't be embarrassed in front of me . I 'm her friend . And her pupil . She doesn 't want you or anyone else to see her when she 's not at her best . It 's not her fault that she 's sick . Of course not , but we have to allow her to deal with this in her own way ... with as much dignity as possible . Give her time . She may decide she wants company , and if she does , you 're the first person I 'll call . I have isolated a section that contains the bodies of approximately 37 drones . 37 doesn 't sound approximate to me . These drones were killed in an explosion . There are only a few left intact . Looks like there 's still a breathable atmosphere inside . Any sign of active Borg ships in the vicinity ? Nothing on sensors . Huh . That could change in a hurry . Run continuous scans . Yes , ma 'am . Tuvok , here . Help me get this off him . No apparent damage to the cortical node . Captain , you 've got company . There 's a ship ... Two to beam out . Delta Flyer , respond . Three humanoids have just transported aboard this vessel . Drones ? The only drones here are dead ... and they belong to us . Who are you ? Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Starship Voyager . This is my debris field , Captain . We weren 't aware of that . What have you taken ? A cortical node . We need it to save one of my crew . Everything here belongs to us . Put down your weapons , and I 'll consider not activating this laser scalpel . Sorry about the delay . They knocked our transporters off-line . I need you at tactical ! When I bring us around , target their engine core . Aye , sir . Nice shot . They 're breaking pursuit . May I ask what you 're doing ? Your filing system is inefficient . I 'm implementing a new one . You should be in bed . Delivery for Seven of Nine . Tarcanian wildflowers . Cheery , don 't you think ? Ah . Well , if you prefer gladiolas , I could go back to the Airponics Bay . That won 't be necessary , Mr. Neelix . The flowers are lovely , aren 't they , Seven ? Thank you . I 'll admire them later . Actually , I thought I 'd stay and keep you company . Uh , Seven prefers not to have visitors right now . Not even a visitor with a Kadis-Kot board ? Correct . But it 's your favorite game . Personally ... I can 't blame her . You 're being extremely insensitive . I am ? You know perfectly very well Seven is in a weakened state . She wouldn 't stand a chance against you . You 're right . I-I don 't know what I was thinking . We 'll play later when you 're feeling up to it . Green . I beg your pardon ? I prefer the green pieces . You 'll use red . Doctor , do you think she 's up to it ? As long as you go easy on her . Janeway to the Doctor . Yes , Captain . We 're back , and we have the node . I 'm ready to disengage the damaged node . Transfer Seven 's cortical functions to the computer . Understood . Done . Initiating the extraction . Vital functions are stable . - Time ? - 20 seconds . Not yet . I have to realign her primary neurodes first . The computer can 't maintain her cortical functions much longer . Ready . Her neural relays are going to destabilize in ten seconds , nine ... Almost finished . Eight , seven , six , five ... Transfer Seven 's cortical functions to the new node . Something 's wrong . She 's going into anaphylactic shock . Her implants aren 't adapting . They 're rejecting the new node . She 's losing synaptic cohesion . Apply a 20 millijoule neurostatic pulse on my mark . Now . No effect . Again . Increase the pulse . 30 millijoules . Computer , end simulation . Why did you stop ? It wasn 't working . Run it again . Captain , this was our 12th simulation . Something tells me 13 won 't be our lucky number . The salvaged node has been inactive too long . Then we 'll find one that hasn 't . No matter how many debris fields we sift through , a node from a dead drone isn 't going to work . Who said anything about a dead drone ? What 's that supposed to mean ? We 've infiltrated Borg vessels before . If that 's what it 's going to take to save Seven , we 'll do it again . Are you suggesting ending one life to save another ? I 'm not giving up on her . Neither am I ! I 'll do everything in my power to help her , but we both have to face the possibility that it may not be enough . Red . Grid 13-3 . They should 've finished the simulation by now . I 'm sure they 'll let you know as soon as they do . Your move . Don 't you have more important duties to attend to ? Nothing that can 't wait . Despite what the Doctor told you , I feel perfectly fine . Really ? Because it looks to me like you 're about to lose . Kadis-Kot . I should 've seen that coming . Oh , well , that makes what , uh , 16 to 3 , your lead ? 16 to 2 . Oh , my mistake . Oh , uh ... well , I should really see how things are going in the Mess Hall ... but I 'll be back later for a rematch . Are you ready to proceed ? According to the simulations , the salvaged node isn 't going to work . I 'm sorry . I 'm still researching alternative treatments , and Harry and B 'Elanna are going to try to repair the faulty node using components from your alcove . They 'll fail . We 're not giving up hope . Neither should you . With your permission , I 'd like to return to my duties . That 's not possible . I need to monitor your condition . Captain ? I 'm afraid I have to defer to the Doctor . If you 'd like , I can ask lcheb to bring some of your work here . Doctor ? Computer , locate the Doctor . The EMH is off-line . Activate the EMH . .. forced to sedate you ! Doctor ? I 'm sorry , lcheb . I wasn 't talking to you . Where 's Seven ? I wish I knew . When I refused to release her , she overrode my autonomy protocols ... in the middle of a sentence , no less . Computer , locate Seven of Nine . Seven of Nine is in Sick Bay . He 's looking for you ... the Doctor . I ran into him in the corridor . He 's about 30 seconds away from calling a shipwide alert . Are you going to tell him where I am ? Nope . I know what it 's like to be stuck in Sick Bay . I 've escaped the Doctor myself once or twice . Thank you . Anytime . Lieutenant ... when you die , do you believe your spirit will go to Sto-Vo-Kor ? . You shouldn 't be thinking about dying . According to the Doctor 's simulations , any attempt to adapt the salvaged node will fail . Sto-Vo-Kor , Lieutenant ... do you believe you 'll go there ? I guess it all depends on how honorable my death is . But you do believe there 's something after death ? I hope so . What about you ? The Borg have no concept of an afterlife . However , when a drone is deactivated , its memories continue to reside in the collective 's consciousness . As long as the hive exists , so will a part of that drone . You don 't seem to take much comfort in that . My link to the collective has been severed for nearly four years . If I die , everything that I 've accomplished in that time , everything I achieved as an individual , will be lost . My memories , my experiences ... it will be as if they ... as if I never existed . I think you 're a little more memorable than you 're giving yourself credit for . You don 't need the collective to validate your existence . You 've made an impact on every member of this crew . That 's your legacy . There you are . I should have known she 'd be the one to harbor a fugitive . We difficult patients need to stick together . I want you to return to Sick Bay immediately . Have you devised a new treatment ? Not yet . Then it 's best that I don 't distract you from finding one . Seven , if you continue to exert yourself , your condition will only deteriorate more rapidly . Is that what you want ? What I want is to be useful . I really could use her help . I promise not to let her overdo it . You can stay , provided you wear this cortical monitor . Thank you . Are you feeling better ? My condition is unchanged . I 've spoken to the Captain about your desire to apply to Starfleet Academy . She 's agreed to administer the entrance exam before we send the next datastream to Earth . It 's a list of crewmen who can help you study . Lieutenant Torres is extremely well-versed in warp mechanics . Ensign Kim claims to have aced the quantum theory section . What about astrometrics ? You know more about astrometrics than most Starfleet officers . Still , I 'll need someone to review the material with me . I 'll ask Lieutenant Paris to set aside some time . I 'd rather study with you . You 've become too dependent on me . You must learn to rely on others . And if I don 't want to ? What you want is irrelevant . Why are you acting like this ? Is it because you think you 're dying ? I am dying . I 'm sorry . You may have given up , but I haven 't . I know how to save her . I 'm certainly open to suggestions . I 've been analyzing the simulations you performed . They failed because you tried to implement a cortical node from a dead drone . That 's correct . What you require is a live drone . I 've already been through that with Captain Janeway . My cortical node is operational . I want you to remove it and give it to Seven . Absolutely not ! Well , at least review my research . It may as well be a suicide note . I don 't agree . Well , that 's comforting . You took these scans of me when I left the collective . By your own estimation , I emerged from my maturation chamber before I was fully assimilated . As a result , my physiology is less dependent on my implants . They still regulate many of your vital functions . What about my age ? I 'm younger , so it should be easier for my body to adapt to the loss . You 're obviously too young to understand the risks involved . I understand the risks perfectly . If we continue to do nothing , Seven will die . And if we proceed with your idea , you could both die ! According to my research , there 's an 86.9 percent chance that Seven 's implants will adapt to my node . " Eighty-six ... " Point nine . And what about you ? Without a cortical node , how will you regulate your implants ? You should be able to compensate with genetic resequencing . This isn 't suicide , Doctor . I believe it can work . All I ask is that you consider it . Earth 's biggest ditch . That 's what my father used to call it . We hiked the north rim when I was nine . It 's an impressive geological formation . Too dusty . I 've always preferred farm country myself . Bloomington , Indiana , your hometown . You 've mentioned it on several occasions . So , what do you think ? It appears to be a pleasant environment . When we get to Earth , I 'll take you there . It 's more likely this crew will reach Earth without me . You don 't know that . You refuse to acknowledge the severity of my condition , just as I did at first . Are you giving up ? I 'm merely accepting reality . If I 'd accepted reality six years ago , I 'd have settled on the first M-Class planet we came across . Instead , I 'm 30,000 light-years closer to Bloomington , Indiana . Minus several members of your crew . Ensign Marie Kaplan , Ensign Lyndsay Ballard , Crewman Timothy Lang ... Is there a point to this ? Every person on this list died under your command . You accepted their deaths , but I don 't believe you 'll accept mine . That 's presumptuous . I 'm not being egotistical . On the contrary , I 'm trying to make a point . Which is ? All of these crew members came to Voyager with unique personalities , but I have required your constant assistance to develop my individuality . And you 've come a long way . But not far enough . I 've disappointed you . You feel your task is incomplete . That 's why my death will be difficult for you to accept . Is that what you think ? That you haven 't lived up to my expectations ? Clearly , I haven 't , but I want you to know that the failure has been mine , not yours . You haven 't failed , Seven . You 've exceeded my expectations . You 've become an individual , an extraordinary individual . If I 'm having trouble accepting your condition , it 's only because I don 't want to lose a friend . Doctor to the Captain . I need to see you and Seven right away . It would be a complicated procedure . No doubt . But you believe it 'll work . There are significant risks involved ... to Seven and lcheb , but if you 're asking me if it 's possible , I 'd have to say yes . What sort of precautions ... ? No matter how many precautions you take , it 's not worth the risk to lcheb . Seven , this could work . I 'm not willing to extend my life at the cost of yours . But you haven 't reviewed all the data . As long as there is any chance you won 't survive , the data is irrelevant . I 'd like to return to Sick Bay now . As you wish . You 're the Captain . You could order her to do it . I have to respect her wishes . Even if it kills her ? I want to help her just as much as you do . If that were true , you wouldn 't let her die . Is there anything I can bring from the Cargo Bay to make you feel more at home ? No , thank you . Something from the Mess Hall ? A piece of fruit ? Are you offering me my last meal ? I ... o-of course not . Is that what you thought ? I was attempting to lighten the mood . Ah , yes . Well done . Icheb to the Doctor . Report to Cargo Bay 2 immediately . He 's persistent . Not to worry . I 'll make it clear to him that persistence is futile . You were summoned , too ? Icheb doesn 't seem to have grasped the chain of command yet . Remind you of anyone we know ? Icheb ! He 's disengaged his cortical node ! How ? My alcove ... I programmed it to disconnect my neural relays . Can you reconnect them ? He 's locked me out of the controls . How could you do this ? It was the only way I could prove to you that it would work . What 's wrong with him ? Icheb decided to perform a little operation on himself . You have to reconnect his node immediately . I intend to . No . If Seven can refuse treatment , so can I. We don 't have time for this . Well , then , check your scans . You 'll see I 'm already adapting . Some of your implants have adapted , but not all . Then apply the resequencing technique I researched . This debate is pointless . I won 't accept the node . And I won 't keep it . Someone had better use the damn thing . If it stays disconnected much longer , it won 't do either of you any good . You 're acting like a child . I 'm trying to save your life . Only because you 've grown too dependent on me . So you think I need to learn to rely on other people ? - Yes . - What about you ? You 've refused to rely on a single member of this crew . You hid your condition from the rest of us . You deactivated the Doctor , and now you 're rejecting my help . You 're the one who needs to rely on others . Isn 't that what people on this ship do ? They help each other ? Whenever we can . If the Captain were dying , you 'd risk your life to save her , wouldn 't you ? And when you respond to a distress call , you 're risking the life of everyone on this ship to respond to the aid of strangers . He 's right . Captain , he 's just a child . I don 't think he is ... not anymore . Doctor . Don 't look at me . Please . Just let us help you . Let 's begin . Good morning . How long have I been regenerating ? Six days . We needed to make sure your implants had completely adapted to the new node . The good news is they have . Icheb . His road to recovery has been a little bumpier than yours . Has he suffered any permanent damage ? I don 't think so . He 's been experiencing some pain , but I believe it 's temporary . Pain I caused him . Pain he was willing to endure . You 've recovered . I expect the same from you . The Doctor wants to keep me here another week , but I 'm sure I 'll be back on my feet in half that time . I suggest you get as much rest as you can . You 're going to need it . Why ? I 've decided to help you prepare for the astrometrics portion of the Academy exam . You can expect a rigorous and grueling schedule . Seven ... Yes . Your ocular implant- - it 's malfunctioning again . Actually ... it 's functioning perfectly .
