 " If our gods and our hopes are nothing but scientific phenomena , then it must be said that our love is scientific as well " Repo-202 calling air traffic control . We 've arrived over the site . [ The kanji means " Look " ] Now starting data-relay . What 's the situation ? 52 minutes ago , the suspect killed the owner of an apartment . That 's the first murder site . Then , the suspect ran away . The suspect then killed two cops in this unregistered alley , which is the second murder site , and is currently hiding there . We 've sealed all the exits and we 're planning on going in in two minutes . That 's a cyborg from Section 9 . Nothing good ever comes from messing with those guys . Seems like Denkei wants to get involved . They 're asking for a datalink . [ Trans . Note : Denkei is short for DENnon KEIsatsu which means " Al police " . ] First the police , then the Denkei ... Politely ask them to leave . Help me Help me So far there have been 8 homicides by gynoids . In each case , after killing their owners , the robots erased their own brains and destroyed themselves . The body in question is made by Locus Solus Company . Type 2050 Hadaly . It 's a beta mass production model for evaluation test . It seems that it was loaned to the beta testers under contract for free , but now all the machines have been recalled . According to the latest report submitted to us , there 's no problem either in the hardware , nor the software . You got all that ? The new gynoids go out of control without any known reason , and attack their owners . The manufacturer recalled these machines in a panic . What 's left is : the usual lawsuit from the victims ' families ; long civil trials over how much of the responsibility is actually theirs ; and how much compensation they might have to fork over . I think I understood everything , except why Section 9 is getting involved in this . What does it mean , " to understand " ? People can 't ever know they understand something ; they can only hope that they understand . Now there are two reasons for Section 9 's intervention : First , none of the victims ' families have taken any legal action thus far . They 've always opted to settle out of court . Second , one of the victims is a politician , and one a retired police officer . As long as there 's a possibility that this may be a terrorist act , it 's our job to determine whether Section 9 should get involved . Ishikawa and Azuma are in charge of investigating the victims . You two investigate the gynoids . No questions , just go . I want to tell you , I did not volunteer for this job . I know that I 'm not as good as the Major . [ Trans . Note : This is a reference to Motoko Kusanagi ] It 's not like that . They 've still got her listed as MIA . All she ever possessed were her brain and her ghost anyway . Even if she doubted either one ever existed . Her body and brain just belonged to the government . Even the classified information in her memory belonged to the government . All they want is to reclaim her memory , regardless of whether she 's dead or not . So , where shall we start ? Locus Solus is located to the far north , but let 's start our investigation at the precinct , since it 's nearby . [ The Kanji says " Police " ] 3014 , we have a code 208 . 3014 , we have a code 208 . Please provide backup for 2033 . It 's you ... About the doll this guy destroyed yesterday ... Two of our young men got killed , ... don 't tell me you 're taking over this case . We 're here to decide whether or not Section 9 will take over . Forensics is on the right side of the end of the 19th floor hallway . Need me to show you the way ? No thanks . It 's not like I 'm a tourist here . An unripe fruit attracts no birds They only come when it becomes sweet . When you were a cop , didn 't you also talk back to guys who came out of nowhere and tried to take over the case ? That 's why I lost it . It was like looking back at a younger me . " What 's the point of blaming the mirror if you don 't like what you see . " [ Trans . Note : He 's quoting Nikolai Vasilevich Gogol . ] " The mirror is not a tool for realizing the truth , but for obscuring it . " [ Trans . Note : He 's quoting Ryokuu Saitou . ] Both our faces aren 't meant for mirrors . Why do you keep coming back ? I 'm not going to cooperate . I 'll have you detained if you persist . I am Togusa from Section 9 of the police . This scary looking man here is - The guy who blasted this girl with a double-ought buck . If only you had used a.50 caliber hollow point , we could have recovered the robot easily . Two of the three victims were police officers . She tried to commit suicide before getting shot didn 't she ? What was that about a suicide , uh ... ? Halloway . Miss Halloway , what was that about a suicide ? The gynoids somehow obtained permission to hurt people . Therefore , they must end their lives as a result of conflicts with the third law . " Protect your own existence as long as such protection does not harm humans . " Technically I think you should call it self destruction . If you wish to underline the difference between human and machines . Is the self-destruction phenomena particular to a specific model ? I can 't say that 's completely correct . These last few years , the number of robot related incidents have been rising sharply . Most noticeably in petbot models . What 's the cause ? I don 't know ... Viral or micro organism infection in the nervous system , man-made mistakes during production , aging parts ... It could be many reasons , but ... But ? People throw robots away when they don 't need them anymore . They keep buying new products every time a new model comes out . Some of the scrapped ones become vagrant and they deteriorate without maintenance . The only thing a robot desires is to not be disposed of . No way ... When people think " Humans are different from robots " , it is no more profound than thinking " white is not black " . While this may not be the case for industry robots , the androids and gynoids as petbots , at least , were built free from utilitarianism and pragmatism . Why are they are human-shaped ? Why did they need to be made in the image of the ideal human body ? I wonder why humans devote so much effort into making something similar to themselves . Have you got any kids ? One daughter . Children stray from the human norms . That is , if you call " human " the thing that has established self and act according to its mind . What is a child , an initial phase of a human being who lives without any concept of norms ? Obviously the content of a child is different from that of a human , and yet children are human shaped . The doll a girl uses to play house with is not a substitute for an actual baby , nor is it a tool for practicing parenting . The girl is definitely not practicing parenting . Rather , playing with dolls and parenting might just be similar . What are you talking about ? In other words , parenting is a quick method to realize the ancient human dream : to create an android . Mind you , that 's just my opinion . Kids are ... not dolls ! Descartes didn 't distinguish between humans and machines or organic world and inorganic world . When his daughter died at the age of five , he found a doll that looked just like her . He named her Francine and doted on her . There was a story like that . Why don 't we talk about something more concrete ? What can you tell me about that robot from Locus Solus , the Type 2052 " Hadaly " ? Well ... It 's a high quality product . I hear that the body is a mass produced beta version , but it seems to have received a special configuration . Special configuration ? It 's equipped with some organs that are not necessary for the maid functions . What do you mean ? It 's a sexdroid . It 's not an option most people want to publicize , but it 's not illegal . No wonder the families settled out of court . The memory is reformatted when the robot stops functioning . This is a normal procedure by the manufacturer to protect the technical information of the software . But ... But what ? A file was left in the sound buffer . Do you want me to play it ? Help me Thanks a lot . Hey ... I hesitate to ask such a thing , but ... I have never given birth to a child , nor raised one and I 'm not registered with an ovum bank . Thank you very much , Miss ... Halloway . You don 't need to add " Miss " or " Mrs. " . That woman didn 't seem like the technical type . She 's the type who would add her opinions in the extra info fields . I used to do that often too . That 's why you didn 't get promoted ? Anyways we 'll get that gynoid 's brain at Section 9 's lab . We 're not gonna see her again , huh ? Is she your type ? To tell you the truth , I happen to like older women . What 's next ? Let 's just stick to the routine . Starting with the shipment inspector ? 09 calling 907 . We have a 602 at the boathouse in area 201 . Victim is Locus shipment inspector . Site was secured 2 minutes after the precinct 's arrival . 907 roger . What good timing . " Spring day . Taking the carriage back and forth between this world and hereafter . " [ Trans . Note : He 's quoting a Haiku by Sonoko Nakamura . ] What ? Just you ? Koga brought the stiff to the coroner 's after " re-encountering " his tuna sandwich dinner . Wuss ... That 's the situation 22 minutes ago . You made the new guys clean this up ? They gotta learn one day . Let 's go over the situation . We 've identified the victim 's brain . Head of inspection of shipment in Locus Corporation . Jack Walkerson . 54 years old . He disappeared after applying for a leave five days ago . He rented this boathouse 3 days ago for one week . Weapons were kitchen equipment . We investigated vehicles around the site and there was a parking record for a car whose owner has a criminal record . We are looking into the possibility of Bouryokudan involvement . [ Trans . Note : Bouryokudan is the Japanese mafia . ] From a jacket which seems to belong to the victim , we found seven different cards . We 're trying to pull up the records for each one . Well , well ... A.38 caliber SW , model 2602 . Seems like he didn 't have the chance to use it . If it 's a gun like that , maybe it wouldn 't have made much difference . Looks like a " cyborg with illegally high output " ... Perhaps a professional impersonating a psycho . 969 calling 906 . We will arrive in 20 seconds . Hey ! What are you doing with th - I 'm not messing it up . Let 's leave the rest to forensics . 907 calling 09 . We 're leaving the site to 969 . 09 roger . Today is my daughter 's birthday . You got family , huh ? I 'll drive you back . I 'm going in the opposite direction . Ishikawa ? Me too . A daughter 's birthday has priority , huh ? Seems fun here . It 's rare for you to come in person . I came because parts of the stiff are missing . I 'll leave it up to you then . Have fun . Why don 't you leave it up to the local precinct ? The old man is really into this case . [ Trans . Note : Old man = Aramaki , the boss . ] We found it . They 're in different containers in the fridge . Heart , liver , kidney and pancreas . What a meticulous bastard ... The fresh type by Inumaru Foods , huh ? If you dry it , it 'll last for at least half a year . You call this food ? I hear you 're teaming up with Togusa . I think it 's better than teaming up with a rookie , fresh out of training . He 's good for a former cop . It 's not like I have any complaints about him . Well , only the Major could compare to you . Hey , - Ishikawa , you talk too much these days . See ya . Batou . What ? Just dry it . It 's a wise choice , considering the nutrition balance . The cause of death is the rupture of cervical vertebrae . The kitchen equipment was not the murder weapon , but the suspect used it to dissect the body . You mean the suspect deliberately cut him up after killing him ? Seems like it . The organs stored in the fridge are confirmed to be the victim 's . There are early symptoms of gastritis and cirrhosis . He seems to have been an alcoholic . What 's the reason the suspect took apart the body ? Could be a sadistic killer , or someone trying to impersonate one . He was emphasizing the intent to punish or extract revenge . In that case , it 's highly unlikely that the suspect is a professional impersonating a sadistic killer . What about the twisted doorknob ? According to the analysis , the suspect probably has an artificial limb similar to the NR26 model made in China . AKA " Crab Pincers " . That 's military grade , isn 't it ? You can find inferior copies on the black market . It matched with the lacerations on the neck , by the way . What about the owner of the vehicle with the police record ? It was hard to investigate , ' cause it seems that the owner had it modified at several different shops , so - Just give us the bottom line . After cross-referencing with the nearby parking record , the vehicle in question is owned by " Koujinkai " . [ Trans . Note : Koujinkai is a kind of Bouryokudan . ] Bullet proof ... Chassis and rear dampener were reinforced ... It was seen at the scene of the crime several times earlier . This model is popular among cyborgs . In other words , among thugs with illegal output ratings . Maybe Yakuza 's revenge ? The question is the motive . What do we know about this " Koujinkai " ? They 're an longstanding faction of the Japanese Bouryokudan . They deal in drugs , prostitution , gambling , slave trafficking , real estate extortion ,
