 Captain 's Log , Stardate 54208.3 . Last month 's datastream from Starfleet never arrived , so the crew is looking forward to this one with even more anticipation than usual . We could all use some news from home . Ah . There he is , the man of the hour . You sure are in a good mood . Well , rumor has it you snared the latest datastream last night . Technically , it was this morning- - 0200 to be exact . So where 's my mail ? Hmm ? Oh . Don 't tell me you lost another one . I didn 't lose last month 's datastream . It never arrived . So what 's the holdup this time ? The transmission was a little larger than usual . It 's jammed the transceiver . Seven and I have been up all night trying to download it . Harry ... we can 't go another month without mail . Oh , you won 't . Trust me . Any luck ? I 've determined why we 've been having difficulties . A hologram . The transceiver wasn 't designed to store photonic data . We have to get it out of there before it degrades . What are you doing ? Tying the transceiver into the holodeck 's pattern buffer . Those systems aren 't compatible . You 'll depolarize the relays . Starfleet wouldn 't have sent this hologram if it weren 't important . I 'm sure it 's worth a few burnt-out relays . You 've overloaded the transceiver . But I saved the hologram . Okay , ready when you are . Lieutenant Barclay ? Uh ... no , but he did design me . I 'm a walking , talking , problem-solving interactive hologram . You can call me Reg . It 's nice to meet you , Reg . The pleasure 's mine , Captain . Harry , Seven ... I 've been looking forward to working with you . You have ? I know- - you were expecting letters from your friends and families . But with any luck , in a few days , you 'll be seeing them face-to-face . In three days ' time , Voyager is going to be passing through Grid 898- - a sector of space occupied by a red giant star . Sensors detected it a few days ago . At this very moment , a team of Federation scientists is orbiting another red giant in the Alpha Quadrant . In 72 hours , they will target its magnetic field with a verteron beam , creating a geodesic fold . As a result , a corresponding fold will open here in the magnetic field of the red giant that Voyager is approaching . Space will be punctured ... these two points creating a gateway between the quadrants . Our shields are useless against geodesic radiation . We toyed with the idea of opening a fold ourselves , but it didn 't take us long to realize we wouldn 't survive the trip . A lot 's happened in geodesic research since you 've been gone . I 've brought schematics for shield upgrades to deflect the radiation from the fold , medical technology to provide additional protection for the crew . We 've thought of everything . Starfleet never mentioned you in any of the previous datastreams . Well , Lieutenant Barclay didn 't want to raise your hopes , in case the plan didn 't live up to expectation , but lucky for you , it surpassed them . What about last month 's datastream ? Why didn 't we receive it ? Pathfinder tried sending an unabridged version of my program . It overloaded the midas Array . And the only casualty this time was our transceiver . If everything goes according to plan , you won 't need it anymore . If we were to attempt this , you 'd need access to areas of this ship that aren 't equipped with holo-emitters . Not to worry , Captain . We 've thought of that , too . My emitter is your emitter . Computer , transfer the Barclay hologram to the mobile emitter . Transfer complete . On Lieutenant Barclay 's behalf , I thank you . Just make sure to return it when we get to Earth . We 're ready for you in the briefing room , Captain . Excuse us , Doctor . I 'm sure you have a full day planned , but if you have time , I 'd like to get better acquainted . I 'll stop by the first chance I get . You 'll know where to find me . This is our destination- - Red Giant 23139 . The geodesic fold will open here , adjacent to the giant 's northern pole . We 'll have exactly 16 seconds to take Voyager through . Reg has prepared a list of assignments . I expect you to give him your full cooperation . Mr. Paris , you have the honor of plotting our course to Big Red 2 . Lieutenant Torres , Commander Tuvok , I 'd like you to start working on shield modifications . And in the meantime , I 've asked the Doctor to prepare a series of inoculations that will protect the crew from the radiation . We should discuss the possibility of applying Borg technology to Starfleet 's plan . It could increase our chances of success . I look forward to hearing your thoughts . How long before the transceiver 's back on line ? No more than two hours . Then we 'll still have time to transmit a response to Starfleet . Keep us posted . I 'd like to send Lieutenant Barclay a little thank-you note for all his hard work . Um , uh , is there ... is there anything I can do , Reg ? Your job might be the most important one of all . The next few days will be difficult . The crew will be working extremely long hours . They 're going to need an experienced Morale Officer to keep their spirits high . You can count on me . If this were any other ship ... I 'd have my doubts . But this is Voyager , " the miracle ship . " You 've survived six years in the Delta Quadrant . You 've evaded the Kazon , the Vidiians , the Hirogen . You 've even faced down the Borg . I think , with a little teamwork , we can pull off one more miracle and take Voyager home . I can taste my mom 's cooking . Don 't forget what the hologram said , Harry : " This is Voyager ... The miracle ship " ! Uh , not when it comes to getting us home . Our shortcuts have a tendency to blow up in our faces . Well , that 's looking on the bright side . Well , remember Arturis and his quantum slipstream drive ? Or , um , or how about the telepathic pitcher plant that made us think we were on our way home right before it tried to eat the ship . This is the best opportunity we 've had . Yeah , which is why we 'll probably end up in the Gamma Quadrant . I 'll remind you of that when we get back to Earth . Don 't say I didn 't warn you . When a Borg cube enters a transwarp conduit , it 's subject to extreme gravimetric shear . To compensate , the Borg project a structural integrity field ahead of the cube . By modifying Voyager 's deflector , we may be able to do the same . No one at Starfleet would have thought of this . So , what 's the first thing you 're going to do when you get back ? Begin repairs to Voyager . Even with the structural integrity field , it 's likely the ship will suffer significant damage . Yes , but , I mean , there are people at Utopia Planitia who will take care of that . There are Engineering crews and technicians ... Are you implying that I am superfluous ? Of course not . I only meant that if you 're too busy working , you 're going to miss all the " welcome home " hoopla . Starfleet 's planning parties . They 'll have ceremonies and speeches . There , there 's a ticker-tape parade down Market Street . I won 't be attending any of those events . But you 'd be the guest of honor . When I first arrived on Voyager , it was difficult for the crew to accept me . I 'm anticipating a similar welcome on Earth . You don 't have any idea , do you ? I didn 't mention this earlier . I didn 't want to hurt anybody 's feelings ... but you are the one who people are most looking forward to seeing . That 's difficult to believe . Why ? I was Borg . Exactly . You were Borg , but you escaped . And despite incredible odds , you managed to reclaim your humanity . No one 's ever done that before . You 're famous . Fame is irrelevant . Maybe ... but you 've given hope to everyone who 's ever lost somebody to the Borg . You 've inspired millions . If you think my participation in the " hoopla " would be beneficial to others , then I 'll comply . Is this going to take much longer , Reg ? Well , the computer is still inputting data . That should do it . All right . Computer , display the intended trajectory of the datastream transmitted at 0600 this morning . Now , display the actual trajectory and identify the termination point . The trajectory ends in Sector 395 ... 42 , Grid 8 . Does that sound familiar ? That 's exactly where the datastream dissipated last month . There is something there . There is something preventing the datastream from reaching Voyager . Uh , a micro-wormhole , a radiogenic field ... Long-range scans didn 't pick up anything unusual . Well , still , we could send a ship to investigate . We could confirm my theory . What about my theory , Reg ? The hologram was too complex . It caused the data streams to degrade before they reached their destination . Well , to be honest ... I ... I don 't agree . The truth is , we don 't know what happened to my hologram . Then let 's stick to what we do know . For the second month in a row , we tried sending your hologram to Voyager . And for the second month in a row , it failed to get there . And I want to know why , so it doesn 't happen a third time . It won 't happen a third time . Next month , we go back to standard transmissions . But a holographic matrix carries twice the information , interact with the crew ... Admiral Paris wants us to send more practical data , like tactical upgrades , letters from the crew 's families . But , Pete ... Sending a hologram to Voyager was a good idea , but it didn 't work . It 's time to move on . And this is the research lab , where most of Pathfinder 's homework gets done . All the datastreams are compressed here and then transmitted all the way to the Delta Quadrant . Your teacher tells me you 've been studying some of the Delta Quadrant races that Voyager has described to us . Who can name one for me ? The Talaxians . Very good . The Ocampa . That 's right . Who else ? The Borg ! The Borg ! They assimilated my hologram . That 's how it disappeared . Reg , now isn 't the time . Look at this- - last month , a spacecraft passed within 20 meters of the midas Array , just hours before we sent the first hologram . What is your point ? 20 meters . It 's awfully close , don 't you think ? Ensign . Look , the Borg must have sent a transwarp probe to steal my hologram . Maybe because they , they thought that it was carrying anti-Borg technology to Voyager . It wasn 't the Borg , Reg . Then it was the Romulans using a cloaked ship . They 've been curious about Voyager for years ... That is enough . But , you ... I am sorry your idea didn 't work , but I can 't have you going off on a tangent . Not again . You 'll be no good to Pathfinder or Voyager . How much leave do you have saved up ? Not that much . 50 ... maybe 60 days . Take a week , go home . Try to relax . But , Pete ... No . That was not a request , Lieutenant . Maybe I 'll go somewhere ... take a vacation . Now that is the most sensible thing I 've heard you say all day . My cousin has a beach house in Malaysia . She 'd be happy to lend it to you . Thanks , um , but I have someplace else in mind . You , you wanted to see me ? I 've been going over the instructions from Starfleet Medical . As far as I can tell , their " new " inoculations aren 't much different from run-of-the-mill radiogenic vaccines . I don 't think they 'll protect the crew . Did you try incorporating a synthetic antigen ? Yes , but it only improved the resistance by 10 percent . That should be enough . We can 't afford to be cavalier , Reg . If these treatments don 't work , the crew will wind up liquefied . You 're forgetting that the inoculations aren 't designed to work alone . They were intended to work in combination with the shield modifications . It 's the medicinal " ying " to the shields ' " yang . " A-and what if the " yang " doesn 't work ? That 's not going to happen . Now , listen , Lieutenant Barclay has a special affinity for this crew . So do I. I promise you , we won 't let them down . Of course you won 't . Tell me ... do you also share Lieutenant Barclay 's affinity for golf ? We have identical handicaps . Well , if you 're not busy later , perhaps we could play nine holes on the holodeck . Eh , it 's tempting , but I still have a few dozen progress reports to look over . Well , in that case , maybe you could look over them here , so that I could borrow the mobile emitter . Providing that the rest of the day 's work goes smoothly , consider it yours . I ... I thought it was mine . Commander Chakotay tells me that you finished repairing the transceiver . We were just about to send the Captain 's reply to Lieutenant Barclay . Do you have enough room to include a progress report from me ? I think we can squeeze that in . Computer , download Barclay Hologram File 01 to the data block . Download complete . Transmitting . It 's about time . Greetings from the Delta Quadrant , Lieutenant . You 'll be happy to know that your hologram reached us safely ... Get to the important part . In accordance with the 7 4th Rule of Acquisition- - " Knowledge Equals Profit " I 've enclosed the specifications you 've requested . See you soon . Oh , look at those hands . I bet she gives great oo-mox . Too bad she 'll be dead when she gets here . Forget the hands . Show me the nanoprobes . How many are there ? 3.6 million . That 's 20 percent more than we predicted . 3.6 million nanoprobes at six bars of latinum per unit . Uh , that comes to ... More profit than we ever dreamed of . Your drink , sir . Thank you . Thank you . Something to drink , ma 'am ? I 'm fine , thanks . Are you sure ? I 've got a chocolate passion punch with your name on it . Reg ? Surprise . Where 's Commander Riker ? He doesn 't arrive until Friday . Oh . The question is : What are you doing here ? Just had some time off . Your letter made this place sound fun , and just thought I 'd join you . Do you have any idea how inappropriate it is to follow your therapist on vacation ? Please . They might be watching . Who ? The Borg , the Romulans . I 'm not sure yet . Please ... Deanna , I need your help . Commander Harkins is usually willing to hear me out , but this time , he wouldn 't even look at my evidence . I 'm not sure any of this qualifies as evidence , Reg . You don 't believe me , either . You think I 'm imagining this ? Just like Pete ? The last time I saw you , you were laughing , telling jokes . You even sang a duet with Data . That was Commander La Forge 's birthday party . You were a completely different Reg that night . Oh . Things were better then . How ? Well , for one thing I had just finished the matrix for my hologram , and I showed Geordi some of the specs that night . He said he was proud of me . What else ? Oh ... the Dragons had just won the pennant , and I was still seeing Leosa . You mentioned her at the party . A teacher , right ? Everything was going so well- - my job , my personal life . I started to think maybe my luck was changing . And then you lost your hologram . Admiral Paris was furious . He said we 'd , we 'd wasted a transmission to Voyager . Pete talked him into giving us another chance , but there was so much pressure after that . Did it put a strain on your relationship with Leosa ? She left me . Oh , I 'm sorry . I went to her apartment . She was gone . There was no furniture , no forwarding address , not even a " Dear Reg " letter . That must have been very upsetting . Mmm . It 's just my luck , right ? Lose the hologram and the girl . Tell me more about Leosa . Oh . You would have liked her . She was sweet , she was thoughtful and such a wonderful listener . She would let me , let me go on for hours . What did you talk about ? Oh . She was fascinated by my work at Pathfinder and , uh ... she didn 't , uh ... she didn 't find any of it boring . She made me feel interesting . What do you feel when we talk about her now ? Um , sadness , I suppose . A little confusion . I 'm sensing something else ... something beneath the surface . What ? I think you might be sensing it , too . What ? Suspicion , Reg . You suspect her of something . I suspect that she 's happier without me , if that 's what you mean . You think Leosa had something to do with your disappearing hologram , but you can 't bring yourself to admit it . That 's why you 're projecting your suspicions onto others . You 're in denial . If there 's any chance Leosa did breach Pathfinder security , you need to tell your superiors . I-I 'd be humiliated ... again . I 'll go with you . What about your vacation ? I 'll be back here before Will arrives . Do you really think it 's possible that Leosa stole my hologram ? Why would she do that ? Maybe ... maybe she wanted something to remember me by . Captain 's Log , supplemental . With the help of the Barclay hologram , we 've nearly completed the modifications to Voyager . As for Reg , he 's becoming extremely popular with the crew . Imagine my disappointment when I discovered that Lieutenant Paris had eaten all the scrambled eggs . It was pure , unadulterated gluttony , gastronomic conduct unbecoming a Starfleet officer . He knows it 's my favorite breakfast , but he ate them anyway . We have an egg-mergency here , people . I want to know what you plan to do about it . Maybe I can replicate some more , Captain . Do it . Thank you , thank you , thank you , thank you . He 's not only programmed to get us home , he does impressions . You see , it 's always bothered Lieutenant Barclay that he was uncomfortable in large groups . So he designed me to be the life of the party . I hope he 's not too shy . He 's going to have 150 new friends when we get back home . If we get home , Harry , if . Pardon my friend here . He 's convinced we 're destined to live out our days in the Delta Quadrant . Your pessimism is illogical . Perhaps a mind-meld would help to alleviate your concern . Sick Bay to Reg . Please report to Holodeck 2 . On my way . I was starting to think you 'd forgotten our tee time . So , what 'll it be ? Pebble Beach at sunset ? The back nine at Gedi Prime ? Actually , Doctor ... I 'm afraid something 's come up . I 'm going to meet with Seven of Nine . Oh , really ? She 's going to teach me to play Kadis-Kot . Uh , Reg ... when I agreed to lend you my emitter , I did it with the understanding that you needed it for official business . What 's your point ? My point is that board games aren 't exactly crucial to your mission . And I suppose golf is ? Reg ... I 'll tell you what . When we get back home , we 'll play as much golf as you like . Until then , let 's try to keep out of each other 's hair . What do you say ? State your name for the record . Leosa . L-e-o s-a . Occupation ? Dabo girl . Dabo ? It 's a Ferengi game . I work aboard one of their casino ships . You , you told me you were a teacher . Is this true ? Sometimes I 'm a teacher . Sometimes I 'm a Bajoran vedek . Whatever the customer wants . Lieutenant Barclay tells me that the two of you have spent a significant amount of time together . Did he ever discuss his work at Pathfinder with you ? Oh . Wouldn 't talk about anything else . It was always holograms this and cyclic pulsars that . And who did you share that information with ? Nobody . I have a theory . Would you like to hear it ? Why not ? I think that some of your Ferengi friends found a way to profit from Lieutenant Barclay 's work . I think you were encouraged to get close to him , and when you had all the information you needed , you left him . I left Reg for one simple reason . He 's boring . Don 't tell me you never noticed . With the Admiral 's permission , I 'd like a moment alone with Leosa . I don 't think therapy is what this woman needs , Counselor . Five minutes , Admiral . Five minutes . Did you know I 'm a Betazoid ? I 'm empathic , which means I know when people are lying . Tell me , what 's the longest you 've ever been incarcerated ? You can 't send me to prison , Counselor . I didn 't do anything wrong . Maybe not , but I can order you held for psychiatric observation . Extended observation . I may not be a Betazoid but I work a dabo table , and I know when somebody 's bluffing . Try me . You were correct , Admiral . The Ferengi did steal Reg 's hologram- - twice . This is the ship you need to look for . That 's it . That 's Nunk 's ship . Nunk ? My ... employer . Scans indicate they 've been in the vicinity of that star for the last 43 hours . Why ? I don 't know . She 's telling the truth ... for once . The Ferengi wouldn 't have stolen the hologram if they didn 't think it was valuable . They 're probably waiting to rendezvous with a buyer . Are there any Starfleet ships in that area ? The Carolina is .7 light-years away . At maximum warp , it could reach them in two hours . Open a channel . Computer , open a secure channel to the Carolina . Tell Captain Peterson to adjust his course immediately . Was everything that happened between us a lie ? Not everything . Just the parts where I expressed affection for you . Oh ... if it makes any difference , it wasn 't personal . It was just ... business . What exactly is a broken heart worth these days , hmm ? Ten percent . Of what ? Profits from the nanoprobes . Nanoprobes ? Mm-hmm . Borg nanoprobes ? Yeah . Gegis says they 're worth two billion times their weight in latinum . Oh . I don 't think I quite understand the problem , Doctor . Are you aware that he 's been doing impressions of you ? You should hear his Tuvok- - it 's eerie . It 's disrespectful . What do you want me to do , deactivate him ? Just long enough to run a diagnostic of his program . His recent behavior may be indicative of a more serious problem . I haven 't seen any evidence of that . Of course not . In front of you , he 's all smiles ... but I 've seen him be rude and careless- - two traits the real Lieutenant Barclay never exhibited . I know the real Barclay is a friend of yours , and I 'm sorry if the holographic version hasn 't lived up to your expectations , but that 's hardly reason to deactivate him . Are the lives of 150 crewmen reason enough ? Maybe you 're right . Maybe I am overreacting , but what if I 'm right ? We 're less than a light-year away from the geodesic fold . Do you want to risk being led through it by a malfunctioning hologram ? Captain , you saved us a com call . We 're ready to bring the enhanced shielding on line . Good work . I need a moment alone with Reg . Your program has been running continuously for how many hours now ? 56 hours , 1 1 minutes and 21 seconds . I 'd like to run a diagnostic of your matrix , make sure you haven 't suffered any degradation over the last few days . This isn 't the , uh ... Doctor 's idea , is it ? He expressed some concern for your well-being , yes . I bet he did . Believe me , Reg , the crew and I are grateful for everything you 've done , but we need to take every precaution . I understand perfectly . And if the ship 's Doctor thinks I need a checkup , who am I to argue ? Why are you hiding in the corner ? I 'm not hiding . I 'm working on a way to foil the Ferengi 's plans . Reg , there 's nothing left to foil . The Carolina will have them in custody within the hour . Leosa said the Ferengi were going to be selling Borg nanoprobes . What does that have to do with Voyager ? . They have a Borg crewman . Think about it . The Ferengi stole the original Barclay hologram a month ago . That gave them time to reprogram it and then smuggle it to Voyager in the next transmission . Reprogram it to do what ? Steal Seven of Nine 's nanoprobes . For all we know , he could be dissecting her right now . What would the Ferengi want with assimilation technology ? Oh , nanoprobes aren 't just for assimilating . They can reanimate necrotic tissue , slow down the aging process . They 'd be priceless for the Ferengi . Reg , even if the Ferengi did reprogram your hologram to steal the nanoprobes , how would they get their hands on them ? Voyager 's 30,000 light-years away . I haven 't figured that part out yet . Maybe they discovered a , a wormhole or a subspace corridor . Have you mentioned any of this to Commander Harkins ? Not yet . I can 't . If I don 't bring him hard evidence , he 'll just think that I 'm fantasizing . For the time being , we need to keep this between us . That tickles , Lieutenant . Sorry , Reg , we 're almost finished . Have you identified any problems yet ? I 've gone over his entire matrix . He 's working perfectly . Maybe I 'm not the one who needs a diagnostic , hmm ? I 'm a big enough hologram to admit when I 'm wrong . I 'm sorry I doubted you . Well , if anyone is owed an apology , it 's you . I should 've been more sensitive . Friends ? Friends . Now that that 's out of the way , Captain , what do you say we get this ship back to Earth ? It 's time . Initiate the geodesic pulse . Would someone care to tell me what that is ? It 's a geodesic fold , Admiral . That 's how they 're going to get the nanoprobes . Two million kilometers and closing , Captain . Take us to one-quarter impulse . Bridge to Astrometrics . Bring the enhanced shielding on line . Aye , Commander . What 's wrong ? The fold contains three radiation types we didn 't account for . The shield modifications are not enough . Well , the shields were modified to work in combination with the inoculations . We 'll be fine . If the shields fail , the inoculations will be irrelevant . Astrometrics to the Bridge . Go ahead . What is it , Seven ? There was a problem , Captain , but I 've corrected it . I 'm using the midas Array to tap into the Ferengi ship 's sensors . They 're receiving telemetry through the fold . If I 'm reading this correctly , Voyager 's headed right for it . Captain Janeway knows better than to take her ship into such a dangerous anomaly . If the Ferengi did alter my hologram , then ... it might ... might be possible for him to have taken over the ship . One hologram against an entire crew ? He may have found a way to incapacitate the crew or to commandeer the ship 's systems , but either way , we 've got to get the Carolina to close the fold . The Carolina isn 't equipped to do that . Then they 'll have to commandeer the Ferengi ship and do it from there . The Carolina 's still half a light-year away . They won 't make it in time . Can we transmit a message , warn Voyager ? . Not through a geodesic fold . Our own starship , with multiphasic shielding and a gold-pressed latinum hull . We 'll have enough left over to buy a fleet of casino ships ! I have a better idea- - lobe enlargements ! Shh ! Ooh , someone 's hailing us . Who ? I can 't tell . There 's too much interference . Answer it . It 's the hologram . You said it was impossible to communicate through the fold . I thought it was . I guess I did a better job of reprogramming the hologram than I thought . We must close the geodesic fold immediately . Captain Janeway has found out about our plan . If that 's true , then why is she still headed for the fold ? Because she ... found a way to protect her ship . Impossible . You don 't know Janeway . She 's uncanny when it comes to shields . She 's furious . She said she was going to kill whoever tried to harm her crew . I strongly suggest you abort the mission . What should we do ? Go to warp before Janeway makes it through . No , you mustn 't ! Voyager has Borg interquadrental warp drives and ... Hirogen hunting sensors and Vidiian phase torpedoes . No matter where you run , Voyager will find you . Your only hope ... is to close the fold . Harkins to Holodeck 1 . Go ahead , Pete . It worked , Reg . They 've started to close the fold . Computer , end program . Something 's wrong , Captain . Astrometrics to the Bridge . Why are we stopping ? The fold 's collapsing , Reg . We didn 't make it in time . It 's not too late if we remodulate the shields . I appreciate your determination , but we can 't risk it . You did everything you could . Captain , someone just initiated a site-to-site transport . Who ? Seven and Reg . They 've beamed to an escape pod . Bridge to Seven of Nine . What 's going on ? The pod 's been launched . Put a tractor beam on it . There is too much interference from the fold . Harry , can you get a transporter lock ? What now ? There 's something coming through the fold . Voyager ? . No , it 's too small . A phase torpedo ! Raise shields ! Brace for impact ! It 's an escape pod . Maybe the hologram sent us the drone . Ooh ... ! Check what 's in there . Nothing . No Borg corpse , no nanoprobes . No profit . Captain 's Log , supplemental . Seven of Nine has recovered from her injuries and " Reg " has been deactivated . Until we finish analyzing his program , his motivations remain a mystery . Making first contact with a new life-form ? " Mom 's apple pie . " Neelix thought a little home cooking might cheer me up . And ... ? I haven 't worked up the courage to taste it yet . Have you figured out what went wrong with Reg ? Well , Seven thinks our proximity to the fold degraded his matrix , but if you ask me , it was a recursive error in his logic subroutine . Not bad ... but it would have tasted better in San Francisco . If it 'll make you feel any better , I 'll let you in on a little secret . I was on the Bridge this morning when we received a hail from an Iconian scientist . He claims to have a transdimensional gateway that can take us anywhere in the galaxy . I 'm not that gullible . It 's true . I was there . The Captain doesn 't want us to get our hopes up , but personally , I think we 'll be home by the end of the week . Are you serious ? You were right about him . Computer , install Barclay Security Protocol 21-Alpha . Installation complete . ldentify yourself . C-computer , deactivate Barclay program . I 'm sorry . I ... I 've been programming him with new security precautions s-so he can 't be stolen again . You seem to be off to a good start . I thought you 'd , uh , be back at the beach . Will and I decided to spend the rest of our vacation in Tiburon . We were wondering if you 're free for dinner tonight . Uh , I , oh ... Oh , I , uh , I-I wouldn 't want to be a " third nacelle . " Not possible . Will 's bringing a friend for you . Her name 's Maril . You 're going to adore her . I 'd like to , but I-I still have , uh ... dozens of protocols to install . Maybe next time . Look , Reg , I know Leosa hurt you , but hiding inside a hologrid isn 't the answer . You need to get out , meet new people . This Maril wouldn 't happen to be a dabo girl by any chance ? She 's a teacher , actually- - a real one . Are you sure ? Don 't worry , Reg . We 've taken security precautions .
