 Ensign Kim , please try and hold us steady . This material is extremely fragile . Sorry , Doc , I 'm doing the best I can . Maybe I should 've insisted on a more experienced pilot , like Mr. Paris . Oh , I 'd give anything to trade places with him right now . Seven , can you join me , please ? On my way . I don 't know if I can take three more days of chasing comets with him . The time might pass more easily if we disable his vocal processor . I thought you might find this interesting . Pre-animate biomatter . Look deeper . An undeveloped nucleus contained in a cytoplasmic matrix . And buried deep inside that nucleus- - primitive strands of DNA . The beginnings of life , Seven . What 's your point ? When I look at this , I don 't see a mere cell . I see the potential for literature and art , empires and kingdoms . Perhaps your visual subroutines are malfunctioning . Someday ... this cytoplasmic matrix may fall into the primordial sea of a distant world , where it could ignite an evolutionary process . Eons from now , a creature not unlike you could emerge , look up at the stars and ask , " Who am I ? How did I come to be ? " It 's the miracle of creation , Seven . Doesn 't that excite you ? Ensign Kim , I asked you to hold us steady . We 're under attack ! This is the Federation Ship Delta Flyer . We 're on a peaceful mission . Hold your fire . You 're transporting a suspected photonic insurgent through Lokirrim space . Drop your shields and prepare to be boarded . Photonic insurgent ? I-if you 're referring to the hologram , he 's our Doctor . Seven , we 've lost thrusters . I 'll try reinitializing the driver coils . Voyager , this is the Flyer . Mayday ! Come in . Subspace communications are off-line . It 's a tractor beam . Remodulate our shields . That should break us free . Shields are down . What 's happening ? They 're using some kind of disruption field . It 's decompiling your matrix . Federation vessel . Power down your systems and prepare to surrender the photonic . Seven , they 're pulling us in . You 're going to have to hide the Doctor 's program . Do something , please . We don 't want to hurt you . We 're here for the insurgent . Where 's the photonic ? You decompiled his matrix . You murdered him . Seven ? I 'm sorry . There wasn 't enough time . Biogenic material . It could be used to create viral weapons . Confiscate it . Our Doctor was using these spores to synthesize new medicines , not weapons . What 's this ? It 's my portable regeneration unit . I have a unique physiology . This device maintains my cybernetic systems . Have this analyzed . Yes , sir . There 's no one else aboard . Take them to detention , and secure their ship in the Docking Bay . You got what you wanted . Let us go . Transporting photonics and manufacturing biogenic weapons are serious charges . Let 's go . I want to talk to your superior ! Careful , Ensign , or you 'll fracture a metacarpal . That 'd be the least of our problems . The situation is not as desperate as it appears . Not as desperate ? We 're prisoners on an alien ship . Voyager has no idea we 're missing , and the Doctor 's been decompiled . The reports of my decompilation have been greatly exaggerated . Doc ? Please state the nature of the medical emergency . Seven downloaded my program into her cybernetic matrix . An interesting sensation , to say the least . And now you 're in control of Seven 's body ? Total control , it seems . What about Seven ? Is she all right ? I scanned her before the aliens came aboard . Physiologically , she 's fine . As for her consciousness , I 'm assuming it 's submerged , but there 's no way to be sure , until I vacate her systems and conduct a neurological exam . Then we need the mobile emitter . This experience will make a fascinating article for the Starfleet Medical Journal . Ow . Careful . That 's not your body , remember ? I knew Seven 's senses were more acute than the average humanoid but ... I had no idea . What is that ? What ? That smell . I don 't smell anything . Could be an airborne toxin . Do you think they 're trying to poison us ? It 's you . It 's been a busy day . I guess I 'm perspiring a little . A little ? Seven 's had a busy day , too , and she 's come through it smelling like the proverbial rose . Captain 's Log , Stardate 54238.3 . We 've completed our maintenance layover at the Maldorian Station , and we 're on our way to rendezvous with the Delta Flyer . We expect to reach them in 48 hours . Headache , fever , respiratory distress , tremors . Looks like some kind of virus . It is not a virus . You want to tell me what 's going on ? In the Doctor 's database , you 'll find a medication under file Theta-12-Alpha . Please replicate it immediately . You know I can 't give out medicine without knowing what it 's for . If you must know , I am suffering from a neurochemical imbalance . An " imbalance " ? It is native to my species . Oh ... this wouldn 't be the kind of imbalance that comes around once every seven years ? My Pon farr is in the early stages . The urges are still controllable . You never fail to amaze me , Tuvok . A man of your advanced years still driven by the mating instinct ? Unlike in humans , the Vulcan libido increases with time . Well , I guess there has to be some kind of reward for all that Vulcan discipline . The Doctor anticipated my needs and developed a treatment . Combined with meditation , it will enable me to control the symptoms . Well , if that doesn 't work , there 's always a cold sonic shower . I 'll tell the Captain that you 'll be out of commission for a couple of days . She will want to know why . Well , according to my tricorder , all we 've got here is a mild case of the Tarkalean flu . Thank you , Lieutenant . Mmm ! I had no idea that eating was such a ... sensual experience . The tastes , the textures , feeling it slide down Seven 's esophagus . It 's ... it 's exquisite ! They 're prison rations . My uniform probably tastes better . You know , I was thinking . When we get back to Voyager , perhaps you and Seven could help me modify my physical parameters . Why ? So I can eat , of course , like any other member of the crew . There 's just one small problem- - you don 't have a stomach . Where is the food gonna go ? I believe we can construct a holographic stomach . It can store the food for eventual recycling . Eh ... maybe we should focus on something more productive , like getting out of here . Relax , Ensign . Our shipmates have never let us down before . I 'm sure the Captain will clear up this little misunderstanding . In the meantime , are you going to finish that ? You ! Come with us . I 'm the senior officer . If you 're going to take someone , take me . My orders were specific . Don 't worry , Ensign . I can take care of myself . Mmm . My compliments to the chef . The prisoner , sir . Pulse-phased weapons , duranium-enforced hull . Hmm . Much more sophisticated than the typical smuggler 's vessel . How many ways do you want me to say this ? We are not smugglers or terrorists . We are explorers . Let us contact our ship . Our Captain will explain everything . If you 're innocent , then you won 't mind telling me more about this vessel . For instance , um ... this device . What does it do ? That 's a standard food replicator . Can it be used to create bioweapons ? Not unless you count Mr. Neelix 's Bolian soufflé . Let me show you . Computer , one slice of New York cheesecake . This is an old Earth delicacy . How do I know you 're not trying to poison me ? Oh , please . Mmm ... Mmm ! Oh ... Oh , I never imagined ... Mmm ! Is this the first time you 've tried that ? Of course not , but it 's just that I usually ... avoid foods that are this ... rich . I do have a figure to maintain . Oh , I better get another for you . Uh , computer , another slice of cheesecake . Uh ... here . Mmm . What other foods can that device create ? Hmm ... Oh ... during my time with the collective , we assimilated thousands of cultures from one end of the galaxy to the other . I 'll say this for the Borg , we certainly do travel . Oh , of course , my life didn 't truly begin until I came aboard Voyager and met the person who ... who changed my life , the only one who truly believed in me , saw my true potential ... Your Captain ? Our Doctor . That 's right , the " photonic . " If only you could have known him . Ruggedly handsome , a sharp wit , a towering intellect ... If he and I hadn 't been colleagues , well ... Now we 'll never know what heights he could have reached . I hope you understand , I had no choice . " I was just following orders . " I 've heard that before . Maybe there 's something I could do for you . Uh , I-I 'll speak to my superiors- - ask for leniency . Hmm . If I survive that long . What do you mean ? My cybernetic components are already depolarizing . I need my regener ... regeneration device . As you can see , my motor functions are already impaired . Right . If I give this ... back to you , will you do something for me ? It was so nice of you to escort me . Ah , nice to see you , Ensign . Are you drunk ? It wasn 't my fault . Seven 's unique physiology is ... unique . It doesn 't react well to synthehol . What happened ? Captain Ranek and I shared a meal aboard the Flyer . He 's really a gentleman once you get to know him . You had a dinner date in Seven 's body ? It wasn 't a " date . " It was a tactical maneuver , designed to win the trust of our captors , and it worked . I won 't ask what you had to do to get this . Nothing unladylike , I assure you . They lost their medic in a recent skirmish , and I offered to take his place . Let 's download your program before they change their mind . Hey , careful where you point those tubules . Sorry . Easy . How do you feel ? I 'm impaired . You 've had quite a shock to your system . Let me explain what 's happened . I know exactly what 's happened . You 've been abusing my body . - I 'm a doctor ! - Shh ! I would never abuse your body . I was trying to get information . Sometimes a , a glass of wine can ... loosen the tongue . One glass . That doesn 't excuse the other eight . Was it that many ? Seven , you were aware of everything ? Painfully . I 'm afraid the role of " spy " wasn 't written into my program . I was forced to ... improvise . You " improvised " your way through an entire cheesecake , as well as three servings of Ktarian chocolate puffs . Now I have to suffer the consequences . I apologize if I ... overindulged . I 'll be more careful next time . There won 't be a next time . I 'll be discovered . They 'll decompile my program . Shh ! I know this is difficult for you , but you 're going to have put up with it , until we can get out of here . How do you propose we do that ? Maybe you can tap into their com system , get a message to Voyager . Deciphering alien computers isn 't exactly my forte . But it is one of mine . If you can get close enough while they 're accessing their systems , I 'll be able to observe their command protocols . What 's the situation ? The Captain wants the female prisoner in the Medical Bay . We should proceed . You 're saving my life . I want you to know how grateful I am . Try to remember that the next time you 're tempted to overindulge . Photonics ' viral weapon attacks the cerebral cortex . Within days , the victims suffer complete synaptic failure . Well , if we can 't stop the virus , we may be able to slow its progress . We need to synthesize a neural inhibitor . Forgive me , but aren 't you the ship 's Tactical Officer ? Tactical Officer , Medic , Engineer . We 've lost nearly a third of our crew to the photonics . Well , you certainly know your way around a medical bay . You may have missed your true calling . Actually , Emmik always thought I 'd become a teacher . He used to call me " the little professor . " Who 's Emmik ? The photonic who helped raise my brother and me . He knew more about treating scrapes and bruises than any organic doctor I ever met . Sounds like someone I 'd enjoy meeting . Maybe ... before he joined the insurgency . Why did he do that ? I ask myself that question every day . We never treated him like a servant , but he turned against us anyway . Is it ... possible he felt ... subjugated ? I don 't see how . He lived his own life , pursued his own interests . He was part of our family . At least I thought he was . We should get back to the patient . It could take up to a day to determine if the inhibitor is working . Thank you . Don 't thank me . Thank my ship 's doctor . He taught me everything I know about medicine and remember- - he was a photonic . Actually , you have a lot in common with him . He was something of a jack-of-all-trades , too . I suspect you 'd have gotten along famously . I 'm certain he would 've taken a liking to you . Your neurotransmitters aren 't absorbing the medication . Can you increase the dosage ? Not without causing damage to your neocortex . The Doc might be able to synthesize a stronger medicine , but ... I 'll make the best of the situation until he returns . I do have one area of expertise that might help- - the holodeck . I am a married man . Look , it 's the holodeck , Tuvok ; it doesn 't count . Is that what you tell your wife ? No , of course not . My days of rescuing slave girls from Planet 10 are history . Look , you have photographs of your wife , right ? Well , the computer can use them to create a replica . It wouldn 't be breaking your vows if it 's a hologram of your wife . As it was in the dawn of our days , as it will be for all tomorrows , to you , my husband , I consecrate all that I am . T 'Pel , my wife , from you I receive all that I am . As it was in the beginning , so shall it be now . Two bodies ; one mind . I 'm picking up a vessel closing at high impulse . They 're firing . Shields are holding . Open a channel . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager . We 're on a peaceful mission . We 've detected photonic activity aboard your vessel . Drop your shields and prepare to be boarded . Photonic activity ? Tuvok- - he 's in Holodeck 2 . They 're firing again . It 's some kind of photonic disrupter directed at Holodeck 2 . Target their weapons array and fire . They 're hailing . On screen . Drop your shields and prepare to receive our inspection teams . You 're not in a position to be making demands . Why did you fire on us ? Your vessel is carrying photonics through Lokirrim space . We didn 't realize that was forbidden . We 'd be happy to shut down our holodecks . Your sensors should confirm they 've been deactivated . You 're still required to submit to inspection . Your sensors should also confirm that our weapons are ready to fire . We 're both reasonable people . I suggest a compromise . Your vessel will escort us through Lokirrim territory . That way , you can keep an eye on us , make sure we don 't reactivate our holodecks . The other alternative is ... we destroy your ship . Your proposal is acceptable . Sometimes diplomacy requires a little saber rattling . Begin long-range scans . I can picture them now- - my father in his airponics bay pruning his cona vines , my mother reading in her favorite chair . Nothing in that home ever changes . It must be comforting to have a place like that to go back to . I 've never been away this long before . His progress is remarkable . I want you to know , I 'm going to tell my superiors everything you 've done for us . First Ranek and now you . I may become the first prisoner of war to be decorated by his captors . I know someone who 'd really enjoy meeting you . Who ? My brother , Lohden . Your brother ? You 'd like him . He 's ambitious , accomplished , and he 'd love your sense of humor . Hmm . Apparently , it 's my most attractive quality . Seven of Nine . Please report to the Bridge . Let me guess- - your crew decided to abandon ship . I wanted to thank you . I had a wonderful time the other night . It 's not often that I ... indulge myself like that . It 's been a long time for me , too . I remembered your interest in stellar phenomenon , so I requested a course change to show you something . What is it ? To an astronomer , it 's simply a pulsar cluster , but our poets call it the " Window of Dreams . " You could travel from one end of the Quadrant to the other and never see anything like it . Lovely ! Hmm . It 's the pulsar 's EM fields vibrating against our hull . Huh . I once thought this was the most beautiful sight in the sector . Hmm . I see now that I was wrong . Hmm . Oh . I almost forgot . Oh , I promised a friend I 'd go easy on the synthehol . Do you hear that ? It 's identical to the rhythm produced by the eight-chambered Ktarian heart . Hmm . Is something wrong ? Rapid pulse , respiratory distress . You may be having a reaction to the pulsar 's radiation . We should get you to the Medical Bay . No , I 'm not going to the Medical Bay . You starship Captains are all alike . You can stare down the barrel of a phaser cannon , but you can 't stomach a simple medical exam . I don 't need an exam to know what I 'm suffering from . I 'm sorry . I thought ... You were wrong . I didn 't mean to offend you . It 's just ... I 've never met a woman like you before . That 's because there are no women like me . Is something wrong ? Ranek summoned me to the Bridge under the pretext of a little stargazing . What he really wanted was to use my face as a tongue depressor . I 'm surprised to hear that . It was completely inappropriate ! That kind of behavior would get a Starfleet Captain reassigned to a garbage scow . I 'm not defending what he did , but ... you have to understand we 've been out here for a long time . It 's difficult to hide your feelings , especially when you work closely with someone you 're attracted to . You ... have feelings for him ? I 've known Lotharios like Ranek . Trust me , you don 't want anything to do with him . You need someone who ... who can appreciate your many talents . Someone ... overflowing with intelligence and compassion , someone capable ... Ow ! Ah ! It looks like a spasm in the trapezius . I had no idea it could be ... so excruciating . That 's what happens when you work so long without rest . Ah ! Our last medic showed me a technique that might help . I-I 'll try it , if you like . Please , anything ! Oh , that ... that feels ... wonderful . Oh ... Did I hurt you ? No , no-no , no , no , no . Well , then what 's wrong ? There 's something you don 't know about me , something I have to tell you . It 's all right . I know . You do ? How could you ? Your cybernetic implants , your portable regenerator ? You 're not going to tell anyone , are you ? I would never say anything to the crew , but Ranek knows . He does ? Of course , it was apparent the moment we scanned you . I can 't believe you didn 't say anything . It wouldn 't have been appropriate . You 're part Borg . It 's nothing to be ashamed of . Ah . Mmm . Security to Medical Bay . This is Lieutenant Jaryn . The prisoner is ill . He 's requesting treatment by his crewmate . Hmm . Ensign . Where the hell have you been ? I had to fake a seizure before the guard would let me see you . Calm down . Seven and I have been making progress . Did you get a look at their computer ? During the one brief moment when the Doctor wasn 't indulging himself . I think I 've shown considerable restraint under the circumstances . Kissing Ranek on the Bridge ? Is that your idea of restraint ? Kissing ? Not that it 's any of your business , but if you must know , Ranek kissed me . And the massage you got from Lieutenant Jaryn ? Entirely therapeutic . You became sexually aroused in my body . When did it become a crime to enjoy a sensation or two ? Of course , you 'd be the last person to understand that . What do you mean ? The whole world is full of experiences and sensations , but you insist on denying yourself . Instead of replicating caviar , you choose nutritional supplement 13-Alpha . Caviar is an indulgence . Indulgences are what make life worth living ! Shh ! These last few days have been a revelation . Feeling your lungs fill with air , the surge of adrenaline through your veins . Until I spent a day in your skin , I never knew what I was missing . You may have been better off not knowing . We 're quite a pair . Me , trapped by the limitations of photons and force fields . You , by a drone 's obsession with efficiency . You 'd make an excellent hologram . All right ! Listen , you can argue all you want when we get back to Voyager , but that 's not going to happen unless we come up with a plan . Did you learn anything about their com system ? It can only be accessed from the Bridge , but I saw Ranek enter his command codes . If we can get those codes to Voyager , they may be able to disable the shields and beam us out . How are we going to do that ? The subspace transceiver on the Flyer . Can you get aboard ? It 's heavily guarded . I can get us aboard . Captain , may I speak with you ? Privately . I owe you an apology . Well , I was the one who acted inappropriately . Oh , a kiss is hardly a court-martial offense . It 's just that you ... caught me by surprise . I-I won 't make that mistake again . Perhaps , we should ... start over . What did you have in mind ? Oh , we could start with a toast . I thought synth ... Oh , I can make an exception for a ... special occasion . Computer , champagne , two glasses . To new beginnings . Maybe there 's some hope for us yet . As I 've discovered recently , anything is possible . Computer , dim the lights . Play EMH Music File Gamma-12 . Oh ... this is interesting . It 's called a waltz . Something else I learned from our Doctor . Captain Ranek , please come to the Bridge . What is it ? We 've received an encrypted transmission . Oh , I 'll be right there . You 're not leaving ? Um ... I 'll be back as soon as I can . I really think you should stay . Never play hard to get with a hologram . Still no sign of the Flyer 's warp signature . I appreciate your sense of duty , Tuvok , but we can handle the situation without you . Under the circumstances , abandoning my post would be a dereliction of duty . My illness is still in the early stages . I can control it . If I remember correctly , the last time you came down with the Tarkalean flu was seven years ago . As soon as this is over , the holodeck is at your disposal . There you are , Commander . Now , a person in your condition really ought to be in bed . This is my grandmother 's recipe , guaranteed to cure even the most stubborn flu . Now ... smell that ? I don 't smell anything . Exactly . I prepared it just the way you like it . No herbs or spices of any kind . It 's practically tasteless . We 're receiving a hail . It 's the Delta Flyer . On screen . Seven , it 's good to see you . I 'm afraid there 's no time for pleasantries , Captain . We 're being held prisoner on a Lokirrim patrol ship . I 'm sending you our precise location and the command codes to disable their shields . Are the Doctor and Harry all right ? Ensign Kim is his usual chipper self . As for me , I 'm looking forward to a long , uneventful shift in Sick Bay . Doctor ? It 's a long story , Captain . Delta Flyer out . They may be in more trouble than we thought . Set a course . Our escort isn 't going to take kindly to a detour . What 's the status of their weapons ? They 've repaired their forward phasers . Target their power matrix . We may only get one shot , so make it count . Ready . Do it . Direct hit . Get us out of here , maximum warp . What 's wrong with him ? Apparently , Captain Ranek has an even lower tolerance for synthehol than I do . That doesn 't sound like Ranek . It 's probably not something he 'd admit to his crew . We should keep this between us . What are you doing ? Reviving him . I-I wouldn 't recommend that . Take her to detention . Separate her from the other prisoner . There are traces of sedative in your bloodstream . What was your plan ? To aid the insurgents ? There was no plan . We trusted you . I 'm still a prisoner on your ship , and despite our friendship , my first obligation is to escape . We were going to recommend leniency . If you knew who I really was , I doubt you 'd be trying to help me . Alien vessel approaching . I want her where I can see her . They are raising shields . Stand by with those command codes . Open a channel . This is Captain Kathryn Janeway . We don 't want a fight . Return my people and we 'll be on our way . Your people were caught transporting a photonic insurgent and biogenic material . We don 't want to disable your ship , but we will if we have to . We 're losing our ventral shield grid . Compensate . I 'm trying . They 've tapped into the shield matrix . They 're using your command authorization . They 're rerouting power . He 's tying their shields directly into the warp matrix . If you fire on us , you 'll trigger a core breach . You 'll be killing the people you 're here to rescue . End transmission . Tractor beam . Full reverse ! Target their emitters . They 've broken free . Chakotay , can you send a com signal directly to Seven 's cortical node ? Doctor , if you can hear me , we need your help . Try to disable their shields . It 's a photonic . Cover me . Stay back ! I 'm not afraid to use this . Step away . She destabilized the shield grid . It 's failing . Watch them . If you try to reinitialize the grid , it 'll overload . We could all die . Ranek , don 't ! Stay back . I 'm a doctor . Let me help . Their shields are down . I have a lock . Away team , stand by for transport . I have injured here , Captain . I can 't leave yet . He 'll die without immediate surgery . I know this is difficult to grasp , but I 'm the person you 've been getting to know the last few days . My program was in control of Seven 's body . You 're lying . I know you have feelings for Ranek . If he dies , you 're never going to forgive yourself . Your vital signs are stable . Suppose I should be , uh , grateful . A " thank you " is customary after someone saves your life . What happened was between me and Seven of Nine , not you . I 'm sorry you feel that way . The truth is , aside from a few awkward moments , I enjoyed our time together . There are many women who 'd appreciate an attractive man like you . I 'm just not one of them . Um , more of our vessels are on the way . You should leave while you can . Thank you . I guess you won 't be introducing me to your brother . I 'm not sure you 're the kind of person he 's interested in . You mean because I 'm a hologram . I don 't imagine this experience is going to change your feelings about photonics . But I wanted you to know ... I 'm grateful for the time we 've spent together . You 're a talented doctor . We 're the ones who should be grateful . I 'm glad I could help . Doctor to Voyager . One to beam out . Commander ... it 's good to see you 're over the flu . I have fully recovered . Thank you for your assistance . Oh , don 't mention it . I just hope everything was okay . Not exactly . My wife 's ears are four millimeters shorter than your facsimile 's . So I took a little artistic license . Aside from that , was everything all right ? The hologram was adequate , but no substitute for my wife . Of course not . Please state the nature of the medical emergency . There isn 't one ... yet . The Mess Hall is three decks up . In case you 've forgotten , I 've lost my appetite ... permanently . That doesn 't mean you 're incapable of enjoying a meal . Foie gras with truffles , an ancient Earth delicacy . Chateau d 'Yquem . According to the culinary database , the ideal accompaniment . Not your usual fare . It 's come to my attention that nutritional supplements don 't fully meet my needs . I see . I thought we could share this experience . I 'll describe the meal to you ... the tastes , the sensations . Perhaps you can enjoy it vicariously . What about the wine ? It doesn 't exactly agree with you . If I become sick , I won 't have far to go . To shared experiences . Hear , hear .
