 Captain 's Log , Stardate 54274.7 . Lieutenant Torres has finally convinced me that I can 't put off a major maintenance overhaul any longer . We 've set down on an uninhabited planet , and I 've sent shuttles to search for supplies . What about the impulse upgrades ? Day after tomorrow . Put a new phase compensator on that relay . Environmental control ? The thermal regulators are still running a little hot . Too bad we can 't just keep the windows open . How long until the warp drive is back on line ? Six days . You sure you can 't get it done any faster ? Captain , I don 't like sitting still any more than you do , but repairs this extensive take time . Mendez , track down that power drain . Right away . I know this ship has been through a lot , but you told me this would only take a few days . That was before I discovered the microfractures in the starboard nacelle and the fused relays in the main computer . Who did that ? I noticed a charge imbalance in the EPS feed . I 'm sorry if I ... It could have taken us hours to find that . I have a tactical systems report for you . It 's from Commander Tuvok . I 'd say you 're capable of a lot more than delivering padds , lcheb . I agree . Until we get underway again , he 's assigned to you . With him on your team , maybe you 'll get this job done a little faster . Neelix ? Rise and shine . It 's 0500 . Already ? Oh ! Oh , I was dreaming we found the dilithium and were back aboard Voyager . Dreaming is an accurate description . Didn 't we already scan this nebula ? Four times . I thought the Borg were known for being thorough . The Borg value efficiency , not redundancy . I 've got a hunch about this nebula . There 's dilithium in there somewhere . I 'm getting some fluctuating energy readings . From the nebula ? No , it 's weapons fire . Let 's get out of here . We 're receiving a distress call . ... have casualties . Please help us . We 're on a humanitarian mission delivering medical supplies . Reverse course . We can 't just leave them . Starfleet policy . Interference in alien conflicts is strictly prohibited . You heard their Captain . It 's a medical ship . Their shields are down . Life support is failing on at least three decks . Open a channel to the other ship . This is Ensign Kim of the Delta Flyer . I don 't know what you 're fighting about , but it looks like you 've won . The people on the other ship have casualties . We 'd like to ... This isn 't your concern . I 'm not taking sides . I only want to help the wounded . Withdraw immediately . They 're charging weapons . Neelix , set our deflector beam for a narrow pulse . Seven , let me know the second their weapons array is fully charged . I might be able to trigger an overload . The deflector bandwidth is at .4 microns . Now . Their weapons are off-line . Shields are down . They 're retreating . Take the helm . Neelix , you 're with me . Who 's in charge here ? He is . What are we going to do ? It 's okay . We 're here to help . The ship that attacked you is gone . Who are you ? Harry Kim from the Starship Voyager . We 're responding to your distress call . We can treat your wounded . The Captain ? Dead , sir . So are the rest of the officers . I 'm reading a total of 27 life-forms aboard the ship . There were 56 of us . How are we going to get home without the officers ? We need to restore main power . Where 's the warp interface ? We 're passengers , not crewmen . You can access engineering systems from here . Your warp core 's intact . I think I can bring it back on line . Can you monitor antimatter flow ? I 'm not sure . I ... Just watch this readout , and tell me if it starts to fluctuate . I 'm routing emergency power to structural integrity . Atmospheric pressure is returning to normal . Neelix , we 'll go through the ship deck by deck- - find the survivors . We need to get our cloak back on line . I 'll take a look at it as soon as I 've repaired the engines . No . The cloak is more important . The Annari have far more powerful weapons than we do . If they come back , the cloak is our best defense . We 'll try to get it back on line . Kim to Delta Flyer . Go ahead . I need your help , Seven . It looks like we 're going to be here for awhile . How did you do it ? Do what ? Disable the Annari warship so quickly ? Uh , basically , we used their own weapons against them . How ? We used a deflector pulse to overload their phaser banks . You know a lot about engineering . It 's all part of my Starfleet training . Starfleet ? Yeah . The organization I work for . And they teach you all these things ? We train at an academy , and I guess I 've picked up a few new tricks during my time on Voyager . How long have you been Captain ? I 'm just an Ensign . Ensign ? E ... What 's that ? A junior officer . The lowest ranked officer , actually . This is my first deep space assignment . It hasn 't gone very well . Could you hand me that ? My first week on the job didn 't go very well , either . We ended up 70,000 light-years from home , lost over a dozen crew members , but I got through it , and so will you . I hope so . If you 're going to be a starship officer , you 've got to accept that adversity comes with the job . What 's that ? It 's a diagnostic of the antimatter injectors . No , I meant that stuff you 're eating . Nutritional supplements , replicated to meet my metabolic requirements . Sounds delicious . You know , in the Mess Hall , they actually have tables and chairs for that . I prefer to work while I eat . It 's a more efficient use of my time . You did a great job today . We 're ahead of schedule thanks to you . Here 's what we 're going to work on tomorrow . I 'll see you at 0600 . Icheb . Yes ? What do you do for fun ? Fun ? Recreation . How do you spend your time when you 're off duty ? Between my work and my studies , I don 't have much time for recreation . I 've learned that you 've got to take a break once in awhile . I 've been doing a lot of rock climbing on the holodeck . Maybe when we 're finished tightening all the nuts and bolts , you 'd like to join me . I do have an interest in geology . It 's not about the rocks , lcheb . It 's about the climbing . Main power has been restored . All stations responding . The cloak 's back on line . Impulse and warp drives are standing by . Shields are at 96 percent . I 'd say you 're ready to get back on course . We appreciate your help . I hope you have a safe journey . Mr. Kim ... I feel guilty asking even more of you , but no one on this ship knows how to fly it . None of you has ever piloted a starship ? I 've trained in shuttles , but nothing like this . I 'll enter a flight plan in the auto-navigation system and give you a quick course in helm operations . You shouldn 't have any trouble . Couldn 't you take us ? This ship needs an experienced commanding officer . I 'm sorry , but we 've already gotten more involved than we should have , and they need us back on Voyager . It 's not just my ship that concerns me . You 've made an enemy of the Annari now , but if you dock your ship in our Shuttle Bay , our cloak will protect you . That 's a generous offer , but we 'll be fine . Please , Mr. Kim , we can 't afford to fail . This ship is ... Loken , don 't . We can trust these people . I 'm a doctor . These people are my research team . We 're carrying new vaccines to our homeland . They 'll save thousands of lives . Sir , I looked at their flight plan . It takes them pretty close to Voyager . I 'll bring you as far as our ship . When we get there , you can discuss your situation with my Captain . Thank you . What about Starfleet policy ? This is a humanitarian mission . Dock the Flyer in their Shuttle Bay . We 're approaching the planet . Take us out of warp . Disengage the cloak . Wait . I 'm detecting three alien vessels in orbit . On screen . Those are Annari warships . Your people are in danger . I apologize for the state of my ship . We weren 't expecting company . I hope we 're not imposing . Not at all . Making contact with new cultures is a priority for us . For us , too . This is a fine ship , Captain . One of the best in the fleet , but it could use a new set of deuterium injectors . Any chance you could provide them ? I think we can arrange something . What are you offering in exchange ? Zeolitic ore . We mined several tons of it from an asteroid field . It 's high-grade , easy to refine . I 'll speak to my supply officer . We 're being hailed by Ensign Kim , audio only . Hello , Harry . Is everything all right ? Of course . Why wouldn 't it be ? Our long-range scans detected several alien ships orbiting the planet . I appreciate your concern , but there 's nothing to worry about . We 've made some new friends , that 's all . When can we expect you back ? We 've run into a slight delay . Nothing serious , I hope . No . Everything 's under control . Good . Any luck finding dilithium ? Uh , I 'm afraid not . I 'll tell the other teams to keep looking . See you soon , Ensign . Yes , ma 'am . Kim out . Dilithium ... We can get that for you , too . Really ? She 's formed an alliance with our enemy . Just because they 're talking doesn 't mean they formed an alliance . It 's probably just a friendly meeting . That 's how the Annari operate . They come to you as friends , and when they 've won your trust , they declare you subjects of the Annari Empire . Kim to Voyager . We didn 't expect you so soon . Actually , Captain , I 'm closer than I let on . and I 've brought some new friends of my own . Our chances of getting home without your help aren 't very good . We 'd appreciate any assistance you could offer . I hope you understand . I need to give this some thought . You 've put me in a difficult position , Ensign . We could use the help the Annari are offering , but if they find out we 're aiding their enemy ... I couldn 't just stand by and do nothing . That doesn 't justify getting involved in somebody else 's fight . What would you have done ? Probably exactly what you did . I guess I learned from the best . If this were simply an errand of mercy , I wouldn 't hesitate . But the fact is , these people are involved in an interplanetary war . Captain , I 've gotten to know them over the last couple of days . You met Loken . They 're scientists , not soldiers . You 've only heard one side of the story . You 've taken sides before . The Borg resistance , the Vaadwaur ... Those were different circumstances . You were trying to help people in need . How is this any different ? Have you thought about applying to the Advocate General 's office ? You 'd make a good lawyer . I suppose I could spare Chakotay or Tuvok for a few days . That won 't be necessary . The Kraylor know me . They trust me . I 'm sure they 'd find Tuvok or Chakotay just as trustworthy . But they outrank me . If you send one of them , it won 't be my mission anymore . Your mission . My first real command . You 've been in command on Voyager before . On the night shift , for a few hours ... It 's not the same thing . You and Chakotay are always a couple of decks away , ready to take over if anything goes wrong . I 've been on Voyager for almost seven years , and I 'm still an Ensign . If this is your way of bucking for a promotion ... No , no , I understand there 's a command structure and that our circumstances are unique . But the fact is , if we were back home , I 'd be a Lieutenant by now , maybe even a Lieutenant Commander . You 're pretty sure of yourself , aren 't you ? I know I can do this , and the Kraylor are giving me a chance to prove it . I expect you back before we complete our repairs . Yes , ma 'am . And I 'm not sending you alone . Captain . I want you to take Seven . Since she has no rank , you clearly outrank her . Lieutenant Torres asked me to repair a malfunctioning holo-emitter . It 's about time . Whenever I move to the far corner of the Surgical Bay , my legs disappear . Seven of Nine told me you gave her social lessons . Hm . She wanted to get along better with the crew . Social skills are one thing the Borg never assimilated . I was hoping you could instruct me , as well . I 'd be delighted . Lesson One : " Making a First Impression . " Actually ... I wanted to ask you about something specific . Fire away . How can you tell when someone has ... romantic feelings for you ? Icheb , this is a surprise . Have you caught someone 's eye ? I 'm speaking hypothetically . Ah . Hypothetically , there are various indications of romantic attraction . Compliments , for example , invitations to social activities , finding excuses to be in close proximity with someone . Yes , but couldn 't those things happen in a relationship that wasn 't romantic ? I suppose . Is there a way to be absolutely certain ? Well , short of an open declaration of affection , there are some fairly reliable physiological responses : elevated blood pressure , increased beta-endorphin production ... Thank you , Doctor . You 've been very helpful . With my guidance , you will master the nuances of social interaction in no time ! Harry ! Take me with you , buddy . Sorry , Tom . This is my mission . Oh , come on , I 've been itching to get back into space ever since we set down on this dust bowl . I 'm tired of cleaning conduits and replacing relays . You 're a married man now . You 've got family responsibilities . Just leave the away missions to the young , unattached guys . That ship is in pretty bad shape . You 're going to need a good pilot . No , thanks . Wait a minute ... I know what this is about . You do ? Sure . You 've got a girl on that ship you don 't want me to know about . There 's no girl . Not this time . Then what is it ? I don 't know how else to this say this , so I 'll just say it . You 've always been Captain Proton . I have always been Buster Kincaid . It 's my turn this time . I 'm glad you 're not planning to leave on an empty stomach , " Captain . " I have ... plomeek soup and eggplant parmesan . Either 's fine . Wrong answer . Excuse me ? If you 're going to be a Captain , you have to act like a Captain . Never admit you 're uncertain about anything . You can 't be indecisive in front of your crew . It 's just a snack , Neelix . When Captain Janeway comes in here , she knows exactly what she wants . Maybe I 'm just not as picky about my food . Whatever you say ... Ensign . Neelix . Plomeek soup , and make sure it 's hot . Captain on the Bridge . Where did you learn that ? I 've been studying that Starfleet manual you loaned me . Take your station , Mr. Terek . Aye , sir . Course ? I 'll do it . Laying in a course , heading 1 15 mark 37 . Does this ship have a name ? Medical Transport 136 . I think we can do better than that . Nightingale . The name of someone from my homeworld . She was famous for treating wounded soldiers on the battlefield . It 's perfect . Hail Voyager . Kim to Voyager . We 're ready to get underway . Acknowledged . Good luck . See you in a few days . Kim out . Main power . - On line . - Tactical . Shields and weapons standing by . Bring the cloak on line . Warp 6 . Engage . Acting Captain 's Personal Log , Stardate 54277.3 . My first day in command has been challenging , but I 've loved every minute of it . I can 't help feeling that this was something I was born to do . The hourly status report you requested . Thanks . Why have you brought these items aboard ? They make me feel more at home . We 'll only be on this vessel for a few days . Decorating is an inefficient use of your time . It 's important to forge a personal connection with your vessel ; make the ship your own . Ask Captain Janeway . I 'll discuss it with her the moment we return . Is there anything else ? I asked Terek to make a course correction . He 's never done that before . I 'd better check on him . I believe he 's capable of doing it himself . Status ? I 've entered the new heading . Looks like the guidance vector is off by a couple of microns . I was about to correct that . You need to realign the primary navigational sensor first . Yes , sir . And make sure it stays locked on your guide star . Here , let me show you . I 'm-I 'm sorry , Lieutenant . Don 't worry about it . Bumping elbows comes with the job , and you can call me B 'Elanna . Put this with the others . These relays should have been replaced a while ago . It 's amazing they 've held up this long . I am really looking forward to our climb . Wouldn 't you prefer to spend your free time with your husband ? If it doesn 't involve a race car , a shuttle , or something else he can drive , Tom 's not interested . Besides , since we got married , I see more than enough of him . Hold still . What 's that ? I 'm reading a power fluctuation somewhere in the propulsion system . It 's destabilizing the cloak . All stop . Core is stable . That should take care of it . Are you absolutely certain ? As a scientist , you should know there 's no such thing as absolute certainty . Perhaps we could run a diagnostic before we ... That would take hours . Captain Janeway wants us back before Voyager finishes its overhaul . The cloaking system is delicate . It requires constant attention . Correct me if I 'm wrong , you 're a physician . You have to trust me on this . We 'll monitor it closely . Don 't worry . I simply want to ensure that our mission is a success . You asked me to take command of this ship , and that 's what I 'm doing . Tell Terek to resume course . I 've discovered a serious flaw in one of the ship 's systems . Which one ? The Captain . The Captain 's main function is to issue orders , correct ? - Right . - And the crew 's function is to support the Captain and carry out those orders . What 's your point ? Every time you give an order , you carry it out yourself . And when someone else makes a suggestion , you dismiss it . These people are inexperienced . They need my help . When you first came aboard Voyager , did Captain Janeway help you ? Sure . She looked after all the junior officers . By doing your work for you ? No . She gave me a lot to do , actually . Because she felt you were more capable than she was ? Of course not . She wanted me to learn , to gain confidence . Interesting . Emergency power . Repolarize the containment field . I can 't . The cloak is going to fail again . Don 't panic . This is a minor malfunction . Minor ? We 're losing our main defense system . We 've been detected . Two Annari vessels are closing on our position . Correction- - six Annari vessels . Evasive maneuvers ! Kim to Engineering . Go ahead . We need that cloak back on line . The primary generator has failed . I 'm trying to ... Seven ? Seven , come in . You have the Bridge . We need you here . I 'll go , sir . All right . I 'll give you instructions over the com . Charge phaser banks . Target their weapons array . Which ship ? The closest one , off our port bow . Dayla to the Bridge . Life support 's failing down here . I 've gotten everyone out . Good work . Now go to the cloaking generator . What 's the field polarity ? 206.4 . That 's too low . We 're going to have to raise it . I 'm bypassing the phase converter . Wait . I didn 't tell you to do that . Won 't that increase the field polarity ? Yes , but ... Listen to me carefully . I want you to try ... Dayla , it 's Loken . Take the warp core off-line . What are you talking about ? Bypass the driver coil and shunt power directly to the polaron matrix . The cloak is back on line . Get us out of here , full impulse . Dayla , secure the Engineering section and get back to the Bridge . Dayla ! I 'm not reading any life signs in Engineering . Dayla ? She 's dead . How 's Seven ? She may be in shock . I 'm not sure . Have a look . Your opinion , Doctor ? I believe she may be in shock . Do you think we should give her a cortical stimulant ? That might be indicated . You are no doctor , are you ? You and I need to talk ... alone . What the hell is going on ? I don 't know what you mean . Nothing about this mission is adding up . It 's obvious you know a lot more about cloaking systems than biology . So did Dayla . And the second our cloak failed , half a dozen Annari warships came after us- - one little medical transport . The truth ! My colleagues and I have been working at a secret base but not to create vaccines . We 've been developing cloaking devices for our fleet . This ship is a prototype . The Annari know we have it , and they don 't want us to get it home . I never would have agreed to this if I had known you had a military objective . Our world has been under an Annari blockade for three years . The planet is protected by a shield grid , but it 's almost impossible to get our ships in or out . I convinced Captain Janeway this was a humanitarian mission . It is . The Annari are choking us to death slowly . If we can 't get supply ships through the blockade , we can 't get food to our people ... or medicine . For all I know , that 's another lie . Reverse course . Sir ? We 're heading back to Voyager . I don 't understand . He knows about the cloak . I would 've told you ... I gave you an order . What about the mission ? That 's not your concern . You want to be a starship officer ? Your job - is to follow orders . - Sir , I don 't think you ... This is not a debate . You 're under my command . No , sir . Not anymore . You 're relieved . You , take the helm . I believe you 're the one who 's been relieved . Where are you going in such a hurry ? Engineering , to assist B 'Elanna ... Lieutenant Torres . Well , you 've been seeing a lot of my wife lately . Should I be worried ? Mm , the repairs are extensive . It 's a lot of work . You can 't fool me . I heard you two were planning on scaling some cliffs together . It was her idea . Hey , relax . Spending time on the holodeck is good for you , but if you really want to have fun , forget climbing . Try my race car program . " Race car " ? You get to chase me around a track in an old Earth ground vehicle . 300 kph . It 'll really get your blood pumping . Are you challenging me to a competition ? Well , you think you can take me ? Tomorrow , Holodeck 2 , 1900 hours . There is something we need to discuss . Sure , as soon as you help me finish this diagnostic . I can 't do this . Of course you can . You 've done dozens of them . I 'm not talking about the diagnostic . I 'm talking about us . " Us " ? Your interest in me- - it 's inappropriate . I don 't think I understand . It 's obvious you desire a romantic involvement . Excuse me ? You 've made all the customary overtures- - finding reasons to spend time with me , complimenting me , inviting me to engage in recreational activities . Your husband even challenged me to a ritual contest . What are you talking about ? According to my research , it 's a traditional Klingon practice . Look ... I 'm sorry , but you 've got the wrong idea . You seemed a little lonely . I was just trying to be friendly . I scanned you . You scanned me ? In the Jefferies tube . Your blood pressure and neurotransmitter readings indicated a state of arousal . It was hot , and I 've been under a lot of pressure , but I certainly wasn 't aroused . Look , lcheb , I like you ... but aside from the fact that I am a much older woman , I 'm married . That 's why we have to do the honorable thing . We should stop seeing each other . You 're right . As much as it hurts , I 'll just have to face the truth . It 's for the best . Mm . Seven ? Feeling better ? Well enough to return to duty . You won 't be returning to duty , not on this ship anyway . Loken lied to us . There 's no vaccine . The cloak is the real cargo . I ordered the crew to take us back to Voyager , but they refused . They mutinied . I guess that 's what you 'd call it . I 've packed some supplies . We 'll take an escape pod . I 'm hoping the Annari will leave us alone , treat us as neutral parties . We 're not " neutral parties . " This is a military mission . We can 't get involved . We 've been " involved " since you first fired on that Annari ship . I thought I was helping people in distress . Don 't they still need your help ? Are you abandoning this ship because the mission wasn 't what you expected or because being a Captain wasn 't what you expected ? I am perfectly capable of commanding a starship . Are you ? Clearly , you 're uncomfortable with the role- - delegating tasks , giving orders . Someone died following my orders ! You can 't blame yourself for that . A Captain 's responsible for the lives of his crew . People sometimes die on missions , despite the Captain 's best efforts . I should have stuck to playing Buster Kincaid . A holodeck program can be turned off when it no longer suits you . Reality can 't . If you really feel responsible for this crew , you 'll help them get home , because they won 't survive without you . Is that some new kind of weapon ? They 're scanning pulses designed to illuminate cloaked ships . If we hit one , we 'll be exposed . How are we going to get through ? We 'll find a way . I thought you were leaving . I get claustrophobic in escape pods . Switch to manual helm control . Full power to shields . Aye , Captain . Two Annari ships have entered orbit . They are hailing . On screen . Captain Geral , we have 12 isotons of ore for you . I 'm under orders to escort you out of Annari space , immediately . You 've been supporting our enemy . You must be mistaken . A shuttlecraft matching your hull composition fired on one of our ships several days ago . And we recently detected two human bio-signatures on a Kraylor warship . I can explain that . If you don 't leave immediately , we 'll be forced to fire on you . Our warp drive is still being repaired . Then we 'll escort you at impulse . You have five minutes to lift off . So much for our new deuterium injectors . What about Harry and Seven ? We 'll go looking for them , as soon as we get rid of our escort . Evasive maneuvers . There are too many of them . You 're doing fine . Just try to stay at least 100 meters ahead of the closest pulse . Yes , sir . We should return fire . No , that would only give them another way to triangulate our position . Our shields are failing . We 're losing structural integrity on the lower decks . Reroute emergency power . It 's insufficient . Open a channel to the lead Annari ship . Sir ? Do it . Aye , sir . This is Captain Kim of the Kraylor Vessel Nightingale . I 'm prepared to discuss terms for our surrender . End transmission . We trusted you . And you still should . They 're responding . I don 't have time to explain . On screen . Your surrender will be unconditional . No , it won 't . Either you allow my crew to evacuate to the surface , or I 'll put this ship on self-destruct . You 'll never get the cloaking technology . Something tells me your superiors won 't be happy about that . Your crew will be taken aboard my vessel and brought to an Annari detention center . My crew is going to the surface in escape pods . Once they 're clear , you can lock on to this ship with a tractor beam . Agreed . You 've two minutes to evacuate . I will not abandon this ship . I 'm glad to hear that , because I 'm going to need you here . Get your people into the pods ... quickly . But the cloak ... I 've got a plan to save it . If I fail , at least the scientist who designed it will be alive to create another one . Seven , scan the Annari 's tractor emitters . I need to know the exact beam polarity . What are we going to do ? Once they lock on to us , they 're going to come about and pull us away from the planet . As soon as they do , we 're going to reverse our shield polarity . If we time it right , it should give us enough momentum to outrun them to the defense perimeter . We 're going to use their own weapons against them ? The escape pods are away . Disengage the cloak . They 've locked on . Sir ? Not yet . Steady . Now ! Status ? Shields are failing . Four Annari vessels are in pursuit . They 're closing . Full thrusters ! Shields are down . Get us through that defense perimeter , Mr. Terek . Yes , sir . We 're inside . The Annari have broken off their pursuit . Take us to the surface , Mr. Terek . We 've just crossed out of Annari space . Our escorts have broken off . They 're going to warp . Bring the long-range sensors on line . You and Tom , take the Flyer . Start your search at Harry 's last known position . Tuvok , send an encrypted message to the Kraylor homeworld . See if they know where Harry and Seven are . That won 't be necessary , Captain . Ensign Kim is hailing us . From where ? A cloaked vessel . It 's directly astern . Acting Captain 's Personal Log , Stardate 54282.5 . Final entry . New cloaking systems are being installed in other Kraylor ships , so I guess the mission was a success . Still , I wish I felt better about it . Welcome home . It 's good to be back . So , what 'll it be tonight ? I have a light Tula cheese soufflé or a zesty lasagna . You know , Neelix , the truth is , I 'm not sure . I thought we talked about this . A Captain has to be deci ... I 'm not a Captain , Neelix . Not yet , anyway .
