 [ WAVES CRASHING ] MAN : Those were the years after the icecaps had melted because of the greenhouse gases and the oceans had risen to drown so many cities along all the shorelines of the world . Amsterdam , Venice , New York forever lost . Millions of people were displaced . Climate became chaotic . Hundreds of millions of people starved in poorer countries . Elsewhere , a high degree of prosperity survived when most governments in the developed world introduced legal sanctions to strictly license pregnancies which was why robots , who are never hungry and who did not consume resources beyond those of their first manufacture were so essential an economic link in the chain mail of society . To create an artificial being has been the dream of man since the birth of science . Not merely the beginning of the modern age , when our forebears astonished the world with the first thinking machines primitive monsters that could play chess . [ ALL CHUCKLE ] How far we have come ! The artificial being is a reality , a perfect simulacrum articulated in limb , articulate in speech and not lacking in human response . [ SHEILA SCREAMS ] And even pain-memory response . [ ALL LAUGH ] How did that make you feel ? Angry ? Shocked ? - I don 't understand . - What did I do to your feelings ? You did it to my hand . Aye there 's the rub . Undress . At Cybertronics of New Jersey , the artificial being has reached its highest form . The universally adapted Mecha the basis for hundreds of models serving the human race in all the multiplicity of daily life . That 's far enough . But we have no reason to congratulate ourselves . We are rightly proud of it . But what does it amount to ? Sheila , open . [ CLICKS ] A sensory toy with intelligent behavioral circuits using neurone-sequencing technology as old as I am . I believe that my work on mapping the impulse pathways in a single neurone can enable us to construct a Mecha of a qualitatively different order . I propose that we build a robot who can love . MAN : Love ? But we ship thousands of lover-models every month . MAN : Of course . You 're your own best customer , Syatyoo-Sama . [ ALL LAUGH ] Quality control is very important . [ ALL LAUGH ] Tell me , what is love ? Love is first widening my eyes a little bit and quickening my breathing a little and warming my skin and- - And so on , exactly so . Thank you , Sheila . But I wasn 't referring to sensuality simulators . The word that I used was " love . " Love like the love of a child for its parents . I propose that we build a robot-child who can love . A robot-child who will genuinely love the parent or parents it imprints on with a love that will never end . A child-substitute Mecha ? But a Mecha with a mind , with neuronal feedback . You see , what I 'm suggesting is that love will be the key by which they acquire a kind of subconscious never before achieved . An inner world of metaphor , of intuition of self-motivated reasoning , of dreams . A robot that dreams ? How exactly do we pull this off ? [ ALL LAUGH ] It occurs to me with all this animus existing against Mechas today it isn 't simply a question of creating a robot who can love . But isn 't the real conundrum , can you get a human to love them back ? Ours will be a perfect child caught in a freeze-frame always loving , never ill , never changing . With all the childless couples yearning in vain for a license our little Mecha will not only open up a completely new market it will fill a great human need . But you haven 't answered my question . If a robot could genuinely love a person what responsibility does that person hold toward that Mecha in return ? - It 's a moral question , isn 't it ? - The oldest one of all . But in the beginning , didn 't God create Adam to love him ? [ CHATTERING ] MONICA : " The baby was born as the first leaves of autumn fell . A baby boy . And Marian 's wish came true . The boy had white hair . He was baptized Martin , after his grandfather . " - Dr . Frazier , hi , good to see you . - Hello . There was an article in the Journal of Chinese Medicine . Hello again , Monica . They talked about virus locators , these microscopic , synthetic hunter killers . - Did you read that article ? - I can still hear you . - I 'm worried about her . She 's got me worried . - I know . She 's in the most difficult position of feeling she should mourn the death of your son . After five years , your instincts tell you to mourn him too . But medicine assures us that mourning is inappropriate , that Martin is merely pending . Pending . So all her grief goes undigested . [ FRAZIER SIGHS ] Henry , your son may be beyond our science . But it 's your wife who can still be reached . The screening process was extremely difficult . It was almost tougher than building the prototype . Of our 2000 employees , a surprising few met your requirements for in-house testing . Initiate . Employment record , quality of lifestyle . Query . Internal data . Loyalty to the firm , and in this individual 's case a family tragedy that may qualify him above the rest . I 'll see him . Henry . - Don 't kill me . - Henry , what are you doing ? I love you . Don 't kill me . The door 's closed . I like your floor . I can 't accept this ! There is no substitute for your own child ! You don 't have to accept it , or even try . - It 's not too late to take him back . - What were you thinking ? - Shh . I 'll do whatever you want me to do . - Do you think I can just ... ? I can just ... ? - I 'll do whatever you want me to do ! - I don 't know what to do . I know , I know . I 'll return him to Cybertronics first thing in the morning . It 's gone . [ SNIFFS ] Good . I mean , Henry , did you see his face ? He 's so real . - But he 's not . - No , he 's not . - I mean , inside , he 's like the rest , isn 't he ? - A hundred miles of fiber , yeah . But outside , he just looks so real like he is a child . A Mecha-child . A child . The show of faith my company has placed on me , on us , is extraordinary . There are a few simple procedures we need to follow if and when you decide to keep David . If you decide to keep him , there 's an imprinting protocol consisting of a code string of seven words which need to be spoken to David in the predefined order here . Now , Monica , for our own protection , this imprinting is irreversible . The robot child 's love would be sealed , hard-wired , and we 'd be part of him forever . Because of this , after imprinting , no Mecha-child can be resold . If an adoptive parent decides not to keep a child they must return it to Cybertronics for destruction . I had to sign a letter of agreement or they wouldn 't even let you see David . You have to sign it too . Right here . Monica don 't imprint until you 're entirely sure . Silly man . Of course I 'm not sure . Would you like me to sleep now ? HENRY : Good idea . Good idea . Monica ? Uh , well , it 's late , you know . It 's after 9 . How late do they let you stay up ? I can never go to sleep . But I can lay quietly and not make a peep . So those pajamas will fit you . We 'll be in to check on you in the morning . Dress me ? I 'm gonna say good night while you boys be boys . HENRY : Raise your arms . [ KETTLE WHISTLING ] [ monica GASPS ] [ SIGHS ] - Is it a game ? - Yes . Hide-and-seek . I found you . That 's your room . Just , uh , go and play . [ TOYS RUSTLING ] [ GASPS THEN SCREAMS ] I found you . Out ! Out ! Get out of here ! And close the goddamn door ! [ CUTLERY CLINKING ] [ HENRY CHEWING ] [ DAVID LAUGHS AND MONICA SCREAMS ] [ LAUGHING ] [ HENRY MONICA LAUGHING ] [ LAUGHING ] [ ALL LAUGHING ] [ CHUCKLES ] Is it a game ? Now , I 'm gonna read some words . And , um , they won 't make any sense , but I want you to listen to them anyway . And look at me all the time . Can you do that ? Yes , Monica . Can you feel my hand on the back of your neck ? Yes . - Does any of this hurt ? - No . Okay , now look at me . Ready ? Cirrus . Socrates . Particle . Decibel . Hurricane . Dolphin . Tulip . Monica . David . Monica . All right . I wonder if I did that right . [ MUTTERS ] What were those words for , Mommy ? What did you call me ? Mommy . Who am I , David ? You are my mommy . [ HUMMING ] [ monica CHUCKLES ] You smell lovely . I love it when you wear this stuff . - Will you still love me when it 's all gone ? - No . Ha , ha , stop it ! We can get married again and begin with a fragrance that 's not in such short supply . - Ha , ha . - We gotta go . Come on , we 're late . [ monica HUMMING ] - Hello , David . DAVID : Hello , Henry . Walk us out , all right , sweetheart ? Come on . My shoe ! [ monica LAUGHING ] - Your tie ! You 're hopeless ! HENRY : I 'm helpless . He made our bed . MONICA : He 's just trying so hard ! He 's trying so hard to please me . He has a way with my coffee ! It 's creepy . You can never hear him coming . He 's just always there . - He is only a child . - Monica , he 's a toy . He 's a gift . From you . David , when we leave , the doors will go smart so you can 't leave your room , but if you 'd like ... . - Oh , I put way too much on . - Do I smell lovely ? Oh , God , no ! [ monica SIGHS ] DAVID : Mommy ? Will you die ? Well , one day , David , yes , I will . I 'll be alone . Don 't worry yourself so . How long will you live ? For ages . For 50 years . [ WHISPERS ] I love you , Mommy . I hope you never die . Never . Yes . HENRY : Darling ! We 're becoming unfashionably , unreasonably late . Hello ? This belonged to Martin , my son . [ YAWNS ] His name is Teddy . Teddy , this is David . - Hello , Teddy . - Hello , David . Unh . David , Teddy is a supertoy . I know you 'll take good care of each other . I am not a toy . MONICA : Henry ! - Sorry ! - What were you doing up there ? MONICA : Uh , I 'll tell you in the car . Come on ! Is 50 years a long time ? I don 't think so . [ PHONE RINGING ] David , I 'll get it ! - Honey , hand it to me . - Look what I can do . [ BEEPS ] WOMAN [ OVER SPEAKERPHONE ] : Hello . [ CHUCKLES ] Yes ? WOMAN : Mrs. Swinton , could you hold a moment ? I have an urgent call from your husband . Yes , I will . Uh , David , I need to talk to the phone now . HENRY [ OVER SPEAKERPHONE ] : Monica ? Monica , can you hear me ? - Let the phone talk now . HENRY : Pick up the phone , Monica ! - Run along , play with Teddy . HENRY : Pick up the phone . Oh , my God- - Hello , Henry , what is it ? What ? When ? Oh , God . David . The most wonderful thing in the whole world has happened . This is Martin . This is my son . Martin , no ! We 'll have a contest to see who he comes to first . Come here , Teddy ! Come here ! Teddy ! Come here ! - You call him too . - Come here , Teddy . MARTIN : Come on . Teddy ! DAVID : Come here , boy . - Come here ! Come on , Teddy . - Come here , Teddy . MARTIN : Teddy , come . DAVID : Come here , Teddy . - Come here , Teddy . - Come , Teddy ! Come . TEDDY : Mommy ! Mommy ! MONICA : Are they torturing you , Teddy ? He used to be a supertoy , but now he 's old and stupid . You want him ? Yes , please . Now you 're the new supertoy . So , what good stuff can you do ? Can you do power stuff , like walk on the ceiling or the walls ? Anti-gravity , like float or fly ? Can you ? No , because I 'm real . Can you break this ? I better not . These things , they do look better in pieces . They do . I can 't . [ MARTIN SIGHS ] Stand up . - Look , they made you bigger than me . - Who did ? They did . The dollmakers . They made you taller . Why don 't you look like one ? Like one ? You 're not cute like a doll . You just look like someone 's ordinary kid . When 's your birthday ? I never had a birthday . Okay . When were you first built ? When 's your " build-day " ? I don 't remember . [ MARTIN SIGHS ] Okay , what 's the first thing you can remember ? A bird . What sort of bird ? A bird with big wings and feathers sticking up from the bottom . Can you draw it ? Yes . That looks like a peacock . Can you say " peacock " ? Peacock . - Can you say " pee " ? - Pee . Now say that two times fast . Okay . Then you gotta put the green ones- - MARTIN : Read to us ? - Hey . Let 's see . Oh , yeah . David 's going to love it . MONICA : " As soon as the show was over , the Showman went into the kitchen where the sheep , which she was preparing for supper was roasting on the slowly turning spit in the furnace . When he saw there was not enough wood to finish roasting it he called Harlequin and Punchinello and said : 'Bring me in Pinocchio ! You will find him hanging on a nail . He is made of nice , dry wood and will make a nice fire for my roast . " ' MONICA : " Pinocchio worked until midnight . And instead of making eight baskets , he made 1 6 . Then he went to bed and fell asleep . As he slept , he dreamt he saw the fairy , lovely and smiling who gave him a kiss , saying : 'Brave Pinocchio in return for your good heart , I forgive all your past misdeeds . Be good in future , and you will be happy . ' Then the dream ended and Pinocchio awoke , full of amazement . You can imagine how astonished he was when he saw that he was no longer a puppet but a real boy , just like other boys . " Josephine , evidently , has , uh , taken a leave of absence . MONICA : Oh , my God . HENRY : Mm-hm . MONICA : Well , I saw that coming . HENRY : How ? They were fabulous together . MONICA : Come on ! She was miserable . HENRY : He never said they were miserable . MONICA : That 's because ... . Is that because of the cutbacks ? HENRY : No idea . They don 't tell me anything . MONICA : Didn 't they have a weight problem ? HENRY : Well , so do I. MONICA : Ha , ha . You do not ! That is ridiculous . HENRY : I don 't know . There 's something about inner beauty that ... . You will break . - Oh . That is ridiculous ! - Exactly . [ monica CHUCKLES ] HENRY : Work has become so silly . - I know what you 're talking about . [ DAVID MARTIN CHEWING ] HENRY : Does he eat ? - I 'm not sure . HENRY : You 're not supposed to do that . MONICA : What are you doing ? Have the manual , the book ? - Martin , put the fork down ! - Stop , David . Will you stop ? Martin , you 're provoking him . Stop it . - Stop it , David ! Stop it ! - The two of you , stop ! Stop it now ! Stop it ! David , stop it ! [ WHIRRING ] - There 's sputum in the code lockers . - Smell that garlic . We should throw in a chest mint . - Can you locate the surface ? - Don 't touch the merchandise . TECH 1 : It 's all swamp in here . TECH 2 : You made a mess of yourself . Spinach is for rabbits , people and Popeye . Not robo-boys . TECH 1 : Try to insert yourself . Through the pantry , the lower shelves . It 's okay , Mommy . It doesn 't hurt . Deactivators are all shut down on the left side . - Monica . - No ! I just have to ... . [ monica SIGHS ] That 's not all of it . That 's not all of it . [ INSTRUMENT WHIRRING ] martin : If you do something really , really , really special for me a special mission then I 'll go tell Mommy I love you . And then she 'll love you too . What shall I do ? You have to promise , and then I 'll tell you . You have to tell me , and then I 'll promise . I want a lock of Mommy 's hair . I 'll share it with you . And if you had it and wore it she might love you even more . Like the princess in the movie we saw . When she had the prince 's hair in her necklace thing he loved her . We can ask her . No , it has to be a secret mission . [ WHISPERS ] Sneak into Mommy 's bedroom in the middle of the night and chop it off . I can 't , Martin . I 'm not allowed . You promised . You said , " Tell me , and then I 'll promise . " Didn 't you ? MONICA : Ah ! Aah ! - David ! Why did you do that ? Why did you do that ? ! Talk to me ! Goddamn it , talk to me ! Why did you do that ? Henry , you 're hurting him ! You 're hurting him ! You 'll break him ! Henry I wanted Mommy to love me more . - Oh , my God . - What ? I think I cut my eye . I think it 's bleeding . HENRY : Come on , watch it . It 's normal for little boys to feel jealous and competitive . Martin 's only been home a month . It 's normal for brothers to challenge each other . He was playing a game , he made a mistake . He 's practically human . - Not how he looked holding the knife . - Scissors . It was a weapon . Why do you keep imagining he was trying to harm me ? Because we don 't know the answer to that . How is he worth the risk to you , to Martin , to our family ? I won 't let you take him back . You told me what would happen if we did . Think about this . If he was created to love , then it 's reasonable to assume he knows how to hate . And if pushed to those extremes , what is he really capable of ? [ CHILDREN SHOUTING ] Happy birthday , Martin . I made this for you . - This him ? Is this your little brother ? - Technically , no . - He 's Mecha . DAVID : What 's Mecha ? We 're organic you 're " mecha-anical . " Orga , Mecha . Orga , Mecha . Orga , Mecha . Todd , stop ! I didn 't know they even made little kids . Can you pee ? [ BOY 1 CHUCKLES ] - I cannot . - Let 's see what you can 't pee with . [ BOYS LAUGH ] MARTIN : Guys , come on . Touch it . BOY 2 : It feels so real ! That 's creepy . BOY 2 : Whoa . It feels so real ! BOY 3 : That is too real . Mecha-real . Does he have DAS ? DAS what ? - Das ist gut . BOYS : Ha , ha . Damage Avoidance System . DAS . It 's a pain-alert system . Our serving man has it . It 's so they don 't go picking up fire with their bare hands . Watch . Watch this . I 'm not gonna cut you . This won 't hurt . I 'm not gonna cut your skin . Tell me when you feel it . DAVID : Keep me safe , Martin . MARTIN : Let me go ! - Keep me safe , Martin . Keep me safe . - Let me go ! Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! Keep me safe , keep me safe , keep me safe . Henry ! Oh , my God ! [ monica SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ] Oh , my God , he 's not breathing ! He 's not breathing ! [ HENRY MONICA SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ] HENRY : Take a breath . [ MARTIN COUGHING ] HENRY : Cough it up . That 's a great boy ! MONICA : Thank God ! HENRY : Call Frazier . Tell him what happened . Get him out of the sun . - Hey , David ? DAVID : Mommy ! I need to , uh , speak to you for a minute , okay ? Okay . [ SNIFFS ] These are beautiful . Thank you . Um ... . [ monica SNIFFS ] Um , hey , David , I was thinking we could go for a drive tomorrow in the country . You and me . What do you say ? - And Teddy ? - Yeah , and Teddy . Thank you , Mommy . Thank you so much . Tomorrow 's gonna be just for us , okay ? Where are we going ? Someplace nice ? Are those happy tears ? What 's for dinner tonight ? - You know you don 't eat . - Yes . But I like sitting at the table . [ SIGHS ] MONICA : David ? David , I want- - David , listen . Listen to me ! David . David , listen . Now ... . You won 't understand the reasons but I have to leave you here . Is it a game ? No . When will you come back for me ? I 'm not , David . You 'll have to be here by yourself . Alone ? With Teddy . No . No , no , no ! No , Mommy , please ! - No , no . Please , Mommy . - Shh , shh . They would destroy you , David . I 'm sorry I broke myself , I 'm so sorry I cut your hair off and I 'm sorry I hurt Martin- - I have to go ! I have to go ! Stop it ! Stop it ! [ SOBBING ] - I have to go now . - Mommy , don 't ! Mommy ! Mommy ! If Pinocchio became a real boy and I become a real boy , can I come home ? - That 's a story . - But a story tells what happens . Stories are not real ! You 're not real ! Now , listen . Look , look ! Take this , all right ? Take this . Don 't let anyone see how much it is . Look ! Don 't go that way . Look ! Look at me ! Don 't go that way . Go anywhere but that way or they 'll catch you . Don 't ever let them catch you ! Stay away from Flesh Fairs , away from where there are lots of people . Stay away from all people . Only others like you , only Mecha are safe ! DAVID : Why do you wanna leave me ? Why do you wanna leave me ? I 'm sorry I 'm not real . If you let me , I 'll be so real for you ! MONICA : Let go . Let go , David . Let go ! I 'm sorry I didn 't tell you about the world . WOMAN : I 'm afraid . MAN : Ofme ? WOMAN : Yes . MAN : That I will hurt you ? WOMAN : Yes . I think you 're afraid of letting go . I think you 're afraid of happiness . And this is starting to excite me . Are you afraid of seeing the stars Patricia ? I can show you how to reach them . I 'm afraid of what you 've got under there . May I see what it looks like first ? Is this your first time with something like me ? I 've never been with Mecha . That makes two of us . [ BOTH LAUGH ] I 'm afraid it will hurt . Patricia once you 've had a lover-robot you 'll never want a real man again . Are these the wounds of passion ? [ CHUCKLES ] dick POWELL [ SINGING ON SPEAKER ] : Are the stars out tonight ? I don 't know if it 's cloudy ... . Do you hear that music ? POWELL [ SINGING ] : I only have eyes for you , dear [ LAUGHING ] You are a goddess Patricia . You wind me up inside . But you deserve much better in your life . You deserve me . CHORUS [ SINGING ON SPEAKER ] : 'Cause I only have eyes for you , dear The moon may be high But I can 't see a thing in the sky [ PENDANT BEEPING ] CHORUS [ SINGING ] : 'Cause I only have eyes for you [ DANCE MUSIC PLAYING ] - Hey , Joe , what do you know ? - Hey , Jane , how 's the game ? [ PENDANT BEEPING ] [ JOE humming ] - Hey , Joe , what do you know ? - Hello , Mr. Williamson . Place a DND on Room 1 02 , please . Sure thing . [ WILLIAMSON GRUNTS ] There you are . Oh , Joe . Uh , when you 're finished here , crack your collar , show off your operating license . The Flesh Fair is in Barn Creek and the hounds are out hunting for strays . - Good thing I ran into you . Thanks . - Sure thing . Mustn 't keep a lady waiting . STUBBY KAYE [ SINGING ON SPEAKER ] : When you see a guy Reach for stars in the sky Miss Bevins . It 's Joe . At your service . I 've been counting the seconds since last we met . JOHNNY SILVER [ SINGING ON SPEAKER ] : Chances are he 's insane As only a John can be for a Jane KAYE : When you meet a gent Have you been crying , Samantha ? I found a tear . KAYE [ SINGING ] : - -Taj Mahal Call it sad , call it funny But it 's better than even money That the guy 's only doing it for some doll Hey , Joe , what do you know ? SILVER [ SINGING ] : When you see a Joe Savin ' half of his dough How many seconds has it been the last time the two of you were together ? Two hundred and fifty-five thousand , one hundred and thirty-three . Goodbye , Sam . And never forget : You killed me first . I 'm in bad trouble . [ SIREN WAILING ] DAVID : If I am a real boy then I can go back . And she will love me then . TEDDY : How ? DAVID : The Blue Fairy made Pinocchio into a real boy . She can make me into a real boy . I must find her . I must become real . There must be someone in the whole world who knows where she lives . [ TRUCK APPROACHING ] [ TRUCK BEEPING ] [ BUZZING ] [ CLICKS THEN WHIRS ] Moon on the rise ! It 's the Flesh Fair . They destroy us on-stage . I 've been there . What do we do ? We run now . MAN [ OVER BULLHORN ] : Any old iron . Any old iron . Expel your Mecha ! Purge yourselves of artificiality . Come along , now . Let some Mecha loose to run . Any old unlicensed iron down there ? Hey , you see that ? Could be a human thing . No , he 's scanning cold . No expiration date , no ID . What 's a new model doing loose and unregistered ? Sir , it 's a late-generation lover-Mecha . That 's a relief from all this antique iron . You are certain he 's not a man ? I wouldn 't want a repeat of the Trenton incident . Sir , he 's a free-range Mecha running hot . Let 's reel him in , boys . Sic the hounds on the rest . [ ENGlNES REVVING ] Shake down shantytown ! What 's your name ? DAVID : My name is David . Hello , David . How old are you ? I don 't know . You need someone to take care of you ? Would you like a nanny ? I have many good references . Do you know where the Blue Fairy lives ? [ engine REVVING ] JOHNSON-JOHNSON : Let out the line . Steady your drift . Open the lower hold . Don 't be afraid , David . [ NANNY SINGING " UNE CHANSON DOUCE " ] I 'll break , David . TEDDY : Ow . [ CROWD CHEERING ] [ BAND PLAYING " WHAT ABOUT US " ] SINGER [ singing ] : Just like another speck of dust That 's on the highway of life He screams at anyone who passes That the end is in sight So then he circles the wagons So then he circles and quits 'Cause the highway could become The final bottomless pit So when the company wants another ... . Hello ! Anybody lose this ? Hello ! This your dog ? [ TEDDY GROWLS ] Take it to lost and found for me , okay ? Hey ! Lost and found ! [ CROWD CHEERING ] TEDDY : Do you know David ? WORKER : Where 's the " off " switch ? TEDDY : Where 's David ? Can you help me find David ? I have to find David . Are you taking me to David ? [ CROWD CHEERING ] SINGER [ singing ] : Just like another last call lt means nothing at all You either kiss a lot of ass Or blow the clock off the wall Another warning ignored ... . [ CROWD SHOUTING AND BOOING ] Could you kind of shoot me over the propeller thing ? I don 't need to go through it . I was considering it , but I changed my mind . Gentlemen , start your engines ! [ CROWD CHEERING ] CROWD : Ten ! Nine ! Eight ! Seven ! Six ! Five ! Four ! Three ! Two ! One ! [ CROWD CHEERING ] RlNGMASTER : What about us ? [ CROWD CHEERS ] RlNGMASTER : What about us ? [ CROWD CHEERS ] RlNGMASTER : We are alive and this is a celebration of life ! And this is commitment to a truly human future ! [ CROWD CHEERING ] [ BAND PLAYING " WHAT ABOUT US " ] - What 's your name ? DAVID : Hello , Teddy . Hello , David . Take it ! Take it . - Biker hounds rolling . - Cue biker hound . AMANDA : Papa ! - Amanda , go outside . It 's smoky here . There 's a boy in the cage . MAN : What did you say ? - There 's a boy in the cage . MAN : A boy ? - A real boy . He 's stuck in the cage . - In the pen , honey ? - In the jail place . - Random crowd reaction ... . - We got a remote near the pigpen ? Bring it up on VT-1 . Let me see what she 's talking about . - What are you looking for ? - She says she saw a boy in there . - How do you know about this ? - The bear told me . I told her . [ ALL CHEERING ] Would you be so kind and shut down my pain receivers ? [ POWERS DOWN ] Why is this happening ? History repeats itself . It 's the rite of blood and electricity . When the opportunities avail themselves , they pick away at us cutting back our numbers so they can maintain numerical superiority . [ METAL CLANKING ] My time , is it up already ? Goodbye , everyone . DAVID : Keep me safe , keep me safe ! WORKER 1 : Not yet . They just want him . Keep me safe , keep me safe , keep me safe . WORKER 2 : Security . Mike , do you have any reports of any missing kids , any missing children ? All right , thanks , Mike . How 'd you get in there ? Boy ! You , boy ! What 's your name ? I won 't bite you . Come over where I can see you . I won 't hurt you . I just need to see . [ BEEPS ] - You 're a machine . - I 'm a boy . Is he a toy boy ? My name is David . Impossible . I still work , don 't I ? I can work in the dark , but my lamp is broken . My lamplight will not work . I hit my lamp on a girder overhead . [ CROWD SHOUTING AND BOOING ] [ CROWD CHEERING ] Goodbye , David . No one builds children . No one ever has . What would be the point ? It could be a custom job . Some rich and lonely guy 's pretend child . I 'm a custom job . Seventy-five years ago , I was TIME magazine 's Mecha of the Year ! Nah , this work is first-rate . A lot of love went into him . David ? You are one of a kind , you know that ? - Who made you ? - My mommy made me . Womb was your factory . One of those built to aspire to the human condition . What is the name of your maker ? Serve U.S. , E.Z. Living , Robiville ? - Simulit City Center , Cybertronics ? DAVID : Monica is my mommy . Can I speak with you for a moment ? SINGER [ singing ] : Just like the old soft-shoe Like the old song and dance The only check that 's in the mail Is probably already cashed Are you a victim of chance ? ls this the way to succeed ? You 're just a crack in the wall Of what the people believe So when the company wants The final weapon online Or when the company wants To repossess your mind [ DINGS ] You gotta wonder if the people That you love or trust Would ever waste a precious second Trying to answer What about us ? You 're thinking of not putting him in the show ? Something as original as this you don 't toss out with the garbage . I say originality without purpose is a white elephant . If money is your purpose , here 's your refund . My compliments . - What 'll you do with him ? - Put him where he belongs . In show business . It was certainly my good fortune , running into you ! JOHNSON-JOHNS0N : Let go of him . - Let go of me . JOHNSON-JOHNSON : Let go . - I 'm trying . DAVID : Keep me safe ! Don 't let go . - Suit yourselves . SINGER [ singing ] : What about us ? What about us ? [ CROWD CHEERING ] CROWD : Johnson-Johnson ! Johnson-Johnson ! Johnson-Johnson ! [ CROWD CHANTING ] [ ALL SHOUTING ] Ladies and gentlemen boys and girls and children of all ages . What will they think of next ? See here ! A bitty-bot , a Tinkertoy , a living doll . We all know why they made him . To steal your hearts , to replace your children . This is the latest iteration in their series of insults to human dignity . And in their grand scheme to phase out all of God 's little children meet the next generation of child designed to do just that . [ CROWD MURMURING ] JOHNSON-JOHNSON : Do not be fooled by the artistry of this creation . No doubt there was talent in the crafting of this Simulator . Yet , with the very first strike , you will see the big lie ... Don 't burn me ! Don 't burn me ! I 'm not Pinocchio ! Don 't make me die ! I 'm David ! I 'm David ! I 'm David ! Mecha don 't plead for their lives ! Who is that ? He looks like a boy ! Built like a boy to disarm us . See how they try to imitate our emotions now ! Whatever performance this Sim puts on , remember we are only demolishing artificiality ! Let he who is without Sim cast the first stone . Oh-ho-ho . [ CROWD LAUGHS ] WOMAN : He 's just a boy ! MAN : Johnson , you 're a monster ! [ CROWD SHOUTING AND BOOING ] Get him out of there before they tear this place apart . - We found him . - Where ? MAN : A Flesh Fair outside Haddonfield . - Is he alive ? Yes . He 's in one piece . I see the moon . - Is it real ? - I don 't know , David . DAVID : Is it coming ? I can 't tell yet . Let 's not walk this way . JOE : Where are we going ? DAVID : This way now . JOE : Are you in bad trouble ? Have you run away from someone ? DAVID : My mommy told me to run away . JOE : Why did she say that ? DAVID : I guess because Henry didn 't like me . JOE : Why was that ? DAVID : Martin came home . JOE : And who is he ? DAVID : Martin is Mommy and Henry 's real son . After I find the Blue Fairy , then I can go home . Mommy will love a real boy . The Blue Fairy will make me into one . Is Blue Fairy Mecha , Orga , man or woman ? Woman . Woman ? I know women ! They sometimes ask for me by name . FRED astaire [ SINGING ON SPEAKER ] : I 'm in heaven I know all about women . About as much as there is to know . No two are ever alike . And after they 've met me , no two are ever the same . And I know where most of them can be found . - Where ? - Rouge City . Across the Delaware . Too far for our feet . We 'll need help to get there . ASTAlRE [ SINGING ] : I 'm in heaven And it is not without peril . We will have to journey towards the moon . DAVID : Are there many women in Rouge City ? JOE : As there are stars at night . - How will we find just one ? We will ask Dr. Know . There is nothing he doesn 't . Exactly what name do you give this woman ? DAVID : She is just Blue Fairy . JOE : Blue Fairy . In the world of Orga , blue is the color of melancholy . Yet the services I provide will put a blush back on anyone 's cheek . I will change the color of your fairy for you . She will scream out : [ IN HIGH VOICE ] " Oh , yes . Oh , God . Oh , yes . Oh , God . Oh , God ! " [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] She will make you a real boy , for I will make her a real woman and all will be right with the world because you held my hand and saved my brain so that once again my customers may ask for me by name : " Gigolo Joe , what do you know ? " DAVID : Why do you do that ? That 's just what I do . Now follow me and don 't fall behind . All roads lead to Rouge ! Don 't they say that , hey ? Don 't they just ? There are girls your age who are just like me . We are the guiltless pleasures of the lonely human being . You 're not gonna get us pregnant or have us to supper with Mommy and Daddy . We work under you , we work on you and we work for you . Man made us better at what we do than was ever humanly possible . If you could manage us a lift to Rouge City , all this ... [ WOMAN GIGGLING ] ... and much , much more can be yours . [ BOY LAUGHING ] Get in . Say , " Ah . " ALL : Ah ! [ DANCE MUSIC PLAYING ] [ CROWD CHATTERING AND LAUGHING ] Over there is Here Kitty Kitty where the agency held my tryouts when I was made new . That 's Tails . Very hoity-toity . I 've yet to be asked to perform there . Only sunrise gents and sunset ladies . Strictly Sierra Class robots . Have no idea how to live . Can 't even speak English . All made in Sweden . Couldn 't tell a joke from a poke . MAN : No cover charge , no cover charge . Step on in , step in . There 's Mildred . I have to show you inside Mildred . Are you her ? That 's Our Lady of the Immaculate Heart . The ones who made us are always looking for the ones who made them . They go in , fold their hands , look around their feet , sing songs and when they come out , it 's usually me they find . I 've picked up a lot of business on this spot . dick POWELL [ SINGING ON SPEAKER ] : Are the stars out tonight ? But , Joe , where 's Blue Fairy ? POWELL [ SINGING ] : I don 't know if- - That 's what we 're gonna find out when we ask Dr. Know . That 's where everyone goes who needs to know . Meet the good doctor . Starving minds , welcome to Dr. Know where fast food for thought is served up 24 hours a day in 40,000 locations nationwide . Ask Dr. Know . There 's nothing I don 't . Tell me where l can find the Blue Fairy . [ BUZZER BUZZES ] Question me , you pay the fee . Two for five , you get one free . He means two questions cost 5 Newbucks with a third question on the house . In this day and age , David , nothing costs more than information . - That 's everything . - Ten Newbucks and a 1 0 copper ... That should be enough . [ WHISPERS ] He 's a smooth operator . He 'll press our limits , but try we must . [ BELL DINGS ] Greetings , colleagues ! On offer , factual text or fictionalized text . Literacy range from primal to postdoctoral . From fairy tale to religious . Who 's who or where 's where . Or flat fact . - [ WHISPERS ] Flat fact ? KNOW : Thank you for Question 1 . Flat fact is a term demanding an equal answer ... . [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] That shouldn 't count ! That wasn 't my question . You must take care not raise your voice up at the end of the sentence . JOE [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] : Flat fact . [ BELL DINGS ] KNOW : You have six more questions . Where is Blue Fairy ? KNOW : In the garden . Vascostylis Blue Fairy . Blooms twice annually with bright , blue flowers . A hybrid between Ascola meda Arnold . You have five more questions ! [ BELL DINGS ] Who is Blue Fairy ? KNOW : Are you sad , lonely , looking for a friend ? Blue Fairy Escort Service will find a mate for you . [ BELL DINGS ] KNOW : You have four more questions . [ WHISPERS ] Joe ! Try " fairy tale . " New category . A fairy 's tale . No ! Fairy tale . No . Fairy tale . [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] What is Blue Fairy ? Pinocchio , by Carlo Collodi . " There was a rustling as a flapping of wings and a large falcon flew to the windowsill . 'What are your orders , beautiful fairy ? " ' That 's her ! KNOW : " You must know that the child with blue hair was no other than the good-hearted fairy who had lived in that wood for more than a thousand- - " JOE : David ! David . DAVID : That 's her ! It was an example of her . But I think we 're getting closer . [ WHISPERS ] But if a fairy tale is real , then wouldn 't it be fact ? A flat fact ? [ WHISPERS ] Say no more . [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] New category , please . Combine fact with fairy tale . [ WHISPERS ] Now ask him again . [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] How can the Blue Fairy make a robot into a real , live boy ? KNOW : Come away O human child To the waters and the wild With a fairy hand in hand For the world 's more full of weeping Than you can understand Your quest will be perilous , yet the reward is beyond price . ln his book , How Can a Robot Become Human ? ... ... Professor Allen Hobby writes of the power which will transform Mecha into Orga . Will you tell me how to find her ? KNOW : Discovery is quite possible . Our Blue Fairy does exist in one place and in one place only . At the end of the world , where the lions weep . Here is the place dreams are born . Many a Mecha has gone to the end of the world , never to come back . That is why they call the end of the world " Man-hattan . " [ WHISPERS ] And that 's why we must go there . [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] Wait ! What if the Blue Fairy isn 't real at all , David ? What if she 's magic ? The supernatural is the hidden web that unites the universe . Only Orga believe what cannot be seen or measured . It is that oddness that separates our species . What if the Blue Fairy is an electronic parasite that has arisen to haunt the minds of artificial intelligence ? They hate us , you know . The humans . They 'll stop at nothing . [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] My mommy doesn 't hate me . Because I 'm special and unique ! Because there 's never been anyone like me before , ever . Mommy loves Martin because he is real . When I am real Mommy 's going to read to me and tuck me in my bed and sing to me and listen to what I say and she will cuddle with me and tell me every day a hundred times a day that she loves me ! She loves what you do for her as my customers love what it is I do for them . But she does not love you , David . She cannot love you . You are neither flesh nor blood . You are not a dog or a cat or a canary . You were designed and built specific like the rest of us . You are alone now only because they tired of you or replaced you with a younger model or were displeased with something you said or broke . They made us too smart , too quick and too many . We are suffering for the mistakes they made because when the end comes all that will be left is us . That 's why they hate us . And that 's why you must stay here . With me . Goodbye , Joe . POLICEMAN 1 : Stay back . Stay back . POLICEMAN 2 : Let 's clear this doorway , please . You 're in bad trouble . POLICEMAN 1 : Go about your business now . Let 's go . Move it . [ POWERS UP ] [ WOMEN SCREAMING ] [ CROWD SCREAMING ] Be careful , David . This is not a toy . COMPUTER : Destination ? - Manhattan . COMPUTER : Mecha-restricted area . - Manhattan . COMPUTER : Destination achieved . The lost city in the sea at the end of the world . DAVID : " Where the lions weep . " [ TEDDY GROWLING ] Turn around , Joe . [ TEDDY GROWLING ] We 're not gonna give up yet , David . Turn around , Joe . Turn all the way around . DAVID : Professor Hobby ? Professor Hobby ? JOE : Come away O human child To the waters and the wild With a fairy hand in hand For the world 's more full of weeping Than you can understand [ WHISPERS ] Professor Hobby ? Professor Hobby ? Hello ? [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] Hello ! Is this the place they make you real ? This is the place they make you read . Are you real ? I guess . Are you me ? - I 'm David . - You 're not ! Yes , I am . I 'm David . So am I. Hello , David . Can you read ? Can you sit down and we can read together ? Let 's be friends . [ WHISPERS ] You can 't have her . I can 't hear you . She 's mine . And I 'm the only one . [ SHOUTING ] I 'm David ! I 'm David ! I 'm David ! I 'm special ! I 'm unique ! I 'm David ! You can 't have her ! - I 'm David . I 'm David . I 'm David . HOBBY : David ? David ? Yes , you are David . Professor Hobby ? Yes , David . I 've been waiting for you . Dr. Know told me you 'd be here . Is Blue Fairy here too ? I first heard of your Blue Fairy from Monica . What did you believe the Blue Fairy could do for you ? She would make me a real boy . But you are a real boy . At least as real as I 've ever made one which , by all reasonable accounts , would make me your Blue Fairy . You 're not her . Dr. Know told me she 'd be here at the lost city in the sea at the end of the world . That 's what Dr. Know needed to know to get you to come home to us . And it 's the only time we intervened . The only help that we gave him to give to you so you could find your way home to us . Until you were born , robots didn 't dream robots didn 't desire unless we told them what to want . David , do you have any idea what a success story you 've become ? You found a fairy tale , and inspired by love , fueled by desire you set out on a journey to make her real . Most remarkable of all , no one taught you how . We actually lost you for a while . But when you were found again , we didn 't make our presence known . Our test was a simple one . Where would your self-motivated reasoning take you ? To the logical conclusion the Blue Fairy is part of the great human flaw to wish for things that don 't exist or to the greatest single human gift the ability to chase down our dreams ? And that is something no machine has ever done until you . I thought I was one of a kind . My son was one of a kind . You are the first of a kind . David ? My brain is falling out . Would you like to come meet your real mothers and fathers ? The team is anxious to talk to you . I want you to wait here . I 'll gather them up . We want to hear everything about your adventures . We want to thank you and tell you what 's in store for you next . Mommy . I saw it , Joe . I saw it . The place where she lives . She 's right down there , Joe . - She is ? - She 's waiting for me . We have to go ! [ PENDANT BEEPING ] Uh-oh . When you become a real boy , remember me to the ladies when you grow up . - Goodbye , Joe . - Goodbye , David . [ BEEPING ] I am . I was ! TEDDY : David , please be careful . - The Blue Fairy 's all right . - What happened ? - I don 't know . - We are in a cage . Blue Fairy ? Please . Please , please , make me into a real , live boy . Please . Blue Fairy ? Please . ... make me real . Blue Fairy , please . Please make me real . Please make me a real boy . Please , Blue Fairy . Make me into a real boy . Please ... . MAN : And David continued to pray to the Blue Fairy there before him she who smiled softly forever . She who welcomed forever . Eventually , the floodlights dimmed and died but David could still see her , palely , by day . And he still addressed her , in hope . He prayed until all the sea anemones had shriveled and died he prayed as the ocean froze and the ice encased the caged amphibicopter and the Blue Fairy too locking them together where he could still make her out a blue ghost in ice . Always there . Always smiling . Always awaiting him . Eventually , he never moved at all but his eyes always stayed open staring ahead forever all through the darkness of each night and the next day ... Thus , 2000 years passed by . [ IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE ] Teddy , we 're home . Mommy ? Mommy ! We 're home ! Where are you ? WOMAN [ WHISPERS ] : David ! [ SINGSONGY ] David ! [ WHISPERS ] David . [ SINGSONGY ] David . BLUE fairy : You have been searching for me , haven 't you , David ? For my whole life . BLUE fairy : And what , after all this time , have you come to ask me ? DAVID : I have a wish to make . - And what is your wish ? Please make me a real boy so my mommy will love me and let me stay with her . BLUE fairy : David , I will do anything that is possible but I cannot make you a real boy . DAVID : Where am I ? This looks like my house , but it is different . BLUE fairy : Yes , it is different . But it 's also your home . We read your mind and it 's all here . There 's nothing too small that you didn 't store for us to remember . We so want you to be happy . You are so important to us , David . You are unique in all the world . Will Mommy be coming home soon ? Is she out shopping with Martin now ? David , she can never come home because 2000 years have passed and she is no longer living . Dearest David , when you are lonely we can bring back other people from your time in the past . If you can bring back other people why can 't you bring back her ? ! BLUE fairy : We can only bring back people whose bodies we dig up from the ice . We need some physical sample of the person like a bone or a fingernail . David . Yes , Teddy ? Do you remember when you cut some of Mommy 's hair ? Henry shook me . And you dropped her hair ? I know . Now you can bring her back can 't you ? Give him what he wants . BLUE fairy : Dearest David , your wish is my command . Hey , Joe , what do you know ? [ KNOCKING ON DOOR ] [ KNOCKING CONTINUES ] David , I often felt a sort of envy of humans of that thing they called spirit . Human beings had created a million explanations of the meaning of life in art , poetry , mathematical formulas . Certainly human beings must be the key to the meaning of existence . But human beings no longer existed . So we began a project that would make it possible to re-create the living body of a person long dead from the DNA in a fragment of bone or mummified skin . We also wondered , would it be possible to retrieve a memory trace in resonance with a re-created body ? And you know what we found ? We found the very fabric of space-time itself appeared to store information about every event which had ever occurred in the past . But the experiment was a failure . Those who were resurrected only lived through a single day of renewed life . When the resurrectees fell asleep on the night of their first new day they died again . As soon as they became unconscious , their very existence faded away into darkness . So you see , David , the equations had shown that once an individual space-time pathway had been used it could not be reused . If we bring your mother back now it will only be for one day and then you will never be able to see her again . Maybe ... . Maybe she will be special . Maybe she will stay . I thought this would be hard for you to understand . You were created to be so young . Maybe the one day will be like that one day inside the amphibicopter . Maybe it will last forever . SPECIALIST : David , you are the enduring memory of the human race . The most lasting proof of their genius . We only want for your happiness . David you 've had so little of that . If you want for my happiness then you know what you have to do . Listen . [ BIRDS TWEETING ] Can you hear that ? The new morning has come . Go to her , David . She 's just waking up this instant . I found you . - Hi . - Hi . I must have dozed off . - How long- - ? - Would you like some coffee ? Just the way you like it ? Yeah , I 'd love a coffee . It 'll wake me up . Okay . You never forget how , do you ? No . I never forget . I must be a little confused . What day is it ? It is today . SPECIALIST : As the day wore on , David thought it was the happiest day of his life . All the problems seemed to have disappeared from his mommy 's mind . There was no Henry , there was no Martin . There was no grief . There was only David . [ BOTH LAUGH ] SPECIALIST : David had been warned not to explain anything to Monica otherwise she 'd be frightened , and everything would be spoiled . But David 's journey home belonged only to him . So he didn 't see the harm of painting her pictures of things she 'd have no memory of . [ DAVID MONICA YELL THEN LAUGH ] SPECIALIST : David had never had a birthday party because David had never been born . So they baked a cake and lit some candles . - Now make a wish . - It came true already . SPECIALIST : By now , indeed , the windows were beginning to dim . David drew the shades without even needing to be asked . I really ought to be tucking you in . How strange . Hmm . How fascinating . I can hardly keep my eyes open . I don 't know what 's come over me . Such a beautiful day . I love you , David . I do love you . I have always loved you . SPECIALIST : That was the everlasting moment he had been waiting for . And the moment had passed , for Monica was sound asleep . More than merely asleep . Should he shake her , she would never rouse . So David went to sleep too . And for the first time in his life he went to that place where dreams are born . [ ENGLISH - US - SDH ]
