 Willard , there are rats in the basement . Willard , what are you doing ? I 'm going to bed . It 's late . Yes , I 'm going to bed . Good night , mom . What were you doing down there ? You , eh , said there were rats Did you see them ? There aren 't any rats There are two of our neighbors are moving away and all these new people remodeling the house they are stairing up rats Well , have you been to the basement ? You know I can 't I know they 're there I can smell them All my life I could smell mice . Smell ... mice ? yeah , I can hear them . Don 't you hear them down there ? It 's ... it 's just the wind . There aren 't any rats . Come in here mm ? Come in here I 'm sorry I 've been such a bad mother to you . Well , you 've been ... you are a wonderful mother . It 's my fault your life was waste . Willard What an awful name - Willard If you have a stronger name , that Frank Martin wouldn 't push you around Well may be find you a girlfriend it would work handsome name Mark Gail Clark Willard From now on your name is Clark Good night , Clark Pardon me ... Is that you ? Sorry , they told me to sit here Willard , he wants to see you Oh , well , em ... Ms. Leach ... it seems that ... someone ... this girl is sitting at my desk Maybe that 's why he wants to see you Yea Who 's at your desk out there , Willard ? I don 't know her . Sit . Who did you say that was at your desk out there , Willard ? I don 't know her . Well you should know , because it 's your fault she 's there You 're falling a place to way behind processing the purchase orders You know when they happen , Willard , everything comes to a standstill . My sales people up on the floor , shipping , receiving , inventory , everybody is standing around with their thumbs up your ass just because you 've allowed the purchase orders to bottleneck at your desk . Your father built this company , Willard . Hell , your family name is still out there on the side of the building ... Martin Stiles Manufacturing . It seems to me like , that alone will make you take up on more pride in your work . Well , my mother is ... eh ... sick I see . So It 's your mother 's fault that you 're falling behind . Willard , I am an old friend to the family . Hell , I 've known your mother since before you were born . She 's a fine lady , and she deserves to be kept comfortable Your dad was like a father to me And I promised him that I would always look after you and your mother . And as long as she was alive , you 'd have a job right here . And I 'm keeping with that promise . I must insist , that you find a good rest care facility for mom . We can 't afford that . I guess you could always sell the house . Here is an idea , I 'll tear it down and build a park myself I 'm sorry . Mr. Martin , I 'll catch up , I 'll stay late Oh yeah , you would love that , wouldn 't you , Willard ? Suck up on more overtime than it even costs me for a temp You 'll catch up all right , asshole and you 'll catch up on your own damn time There 's one thing that you 'll never understand , Willard ... Business is a rat race , promises or no promises I 'll not allow myself to be depowered by all of those other rats because of you . God . What is it , what is it ? It 's okay , it 's okay What was all that noise ? ( Mom knocking on door saying ) Rat ? No , a bird . It got stuck in the house somehow and I let it out , it 's all right now So go back to bed What are doing in there ? Going party . You 've been in there a long time I 'm not feeling well , mom Is it loose or hurt ? I 'm okay , I 'm okay . So , just go to bed . Let me see , I 'm still your mother . Clark , Clark . You should be in bed . You 're feverish . I get afraid , Clark . Your father was in that bathroom late that night . I know . I 'm never go to do anything like that . What is that on your hand ? It 's ... soap . It 's cooking oil ! Oh , Willard , you 're too old for that . When would you find yourself a girl ? Infant Getting copped and trapped you seem pretty ... smart You should be called Socrates . Socrates . Well , where are you going ? Bye Socrates . Say hello to your family . You 're united. brothers and sisters and love ... love look , everybody , food , food for everybody here you go , very good . bye Socrates , I would never let anyone hurt you ever , I promise . I promise , promise Martin , why do I have to cover your damn car everyday Cover my car , cover my car , eh . Do you like my new S54 , Willard ? My new car , my new Mercedes , I saw you drooling over it . Oh , yes ... eh , Mr. Martin . It 's eh ... Do you why know I have that car ? I 'm driving that 350 horsepower V8 masterpiece for you , and your fellow employees . See , buyers feel a sense of security when they can receive proof that they 're dealing with a successful man So when I whip into to that parking lot behind the wheel of my brand new Mercedes AMG class , they 're buying from us over the slob and the Jaguar S-type Do you know why I can afford to plug down 90000 bucks for that legend of the competition horse ? Because I 'm a successful man ! Because I 've never been late to my work a single day of my life ! Because when I come to work , I don 't show up in one of my dead father 's cheap suits ! Because I 've never given my boss such grief Maybe it won 't hurt you to find out what pleases me . Are you okay ? Hi , Socrates . in a bad time Tear it , Socrates . All right . You teach them . They 'll listen to you , Socrates . Tear it Tear it Tear it up Geese You 're big . Big . Big Ben . Do you know him , Socrates ? Ben This looks like the beginning of a beautiful friendship Tear it Tear it Tear it Okay , here a good example , very good . speed , speed , very good . roll , up Tear it , you go down there , go on now Down , down , tear it In ! Still ! Out ! One week . You 've been late for so many hours it equals an entire week . Mr. Martin ... I 'm sorry I want my week back ! I 've discussed it with counsel ... I may not be able to fire you , but by God , it 's well within my right to administer fiscal disciplinary reprimand . I know that you must be tired of this excuse But what can I do , my mother is sick You don 't give a shit about your mother If you did , you 'll jog for work on time because now look what 's happened You 're out a week 's pay Oh , you don 't like that , then quit . Act like a man for once in your life and just quit . You 're a slimy puky piece of shit . You wouldn 't make a pebble on my grandmother 's tooth . Hello ? In In No Ben , No . If you get in , nobody will be able to fit . In Be careful , Tootsie , we 're not taking our bed here . All available units , please respond immediately , 211 in progress , 316 Glensian Parkway . Out . Door Tear it Tires Tear it . Ben ! I 've told you to stay . Hee . You won 't fit . ( sound of tire bursting ) What the hell is that ? You 've left the washer in the garage running again , didn 't you ? Is anybody out there ? Someone out there in the garage ? Oh , shit , look at that . Somebody got in and slashed my tires , damn ! Who 's out here ? Yeah , you 'd better run You don 't ruin a man 's brand new car like that Run and you 'll only die tired someone 's get you You 're a dead meat . Go away Go home . You want to see what 's in the bag , you stupid little dog ? All four of his tires . Do you know what a set of those tires run ? Insurance will cover it . Insurance won 't cover how pissed off he 's gonna be heh heh heh Hey , what ... what ... what 's up ? Someone broke into Martin 's garage last night Slashed his tires and peed on the floor ha ha ha Good morning , Cath . You look very nice today . Well , someone urinated on the floor ? No , you know what happened ? When Martin goes into his garage and sees his tires , He pissed his pants . Blamed it on the guy that did it . Do you think that 's funny , Fox ? Good morning , Mr. Martin . Is everything okay ? No , everything is not okay . How would you like it if some maniac can pay the privacy of your home and scared the shit out of your wife ? And then you had to lose an entire night of sleep because you 're dealing with cops knowing that sicko had control over you and your family 's peace of mind ? Jesus , for how long it will last ? No , I 'm not all right ! I rode the subway . Well , Mr. Fox , how would you like that ? No . Sir , I wouldn 't like that at all . I didn 't think you would . Barbara , I need a foot massage . It 's so good , it 's so good . Food We , em . We 're running out of room . I 'm sorry about this but ... I can 't feed you anymore , I can 't afford it . We 're going to have to find another place to live . We 'll find somewhere more comfortable I wished I didn 't have to but all good things must come to and end . Follow Ben , He will find a new place for you . He will take care of you . Won 't you , Ben ? You 're the leader , after Socrates . Good night , Ben . You 're not going anywhere , Socrates . You 'll always be with me . I hate everyone but you That 's good or bad . Ben , I 've told you you can 't come upstairs . Now it 's only Socrates , not you . Sweet little Jesus . I know . Don 't ' you touch me ! You 're getting rid of me ! Mom , I love you . I 've heard you , " all good things must come to an end " . I love you more than anything in the world . You don 't love me , you won 't feed me I hate you You need to go to the hospital . What if mom sees you ? Mom ? Mom ? Down . Down . Get in the basement ! Down . Get in the basement , now ! Do you think you 're funny ? Do you think you 're smart ? Socrates , he 's smart . He knows , they 'll come and take her away . And they 'll come and take me away ... and then they 'll come and take you away . She 's my mother . I love her . And I miss her . I already miss her . But Socrates , if you ever die , I , You 're the only friend I 've ever had Well , at least , you 're with father again . I have a friend See , he wants to say goodbye to mother , say goodby , Socrates . That 's good . Willard Willard , are you all right ? Yeah I didn 't mean to upset you . You didn 't have to come here . We didn 't hear from you . I wanted to make sure that you 're okay . I want to let you know , Willard You have a friend . Mr. Stiles , I 'm Joseph Carters . I 'm an attorney with Montgomery Bank the trustees of your mother 's estate I 've been trying to reach you but you don 't answer the phone May I have a moment alone with him , please ? Do you mind I if check on you after work , to make sure you 're okay ? Thanks , that 's okay . I 'll be okay Willard , I have some news I don 't know if you 're aware of your parents ' worth . Your parents had been living an account they originally set up for your future It was intended to be yours upon their passing . However , your father 's death left debts that even Mr. Martin 's buyout did not completely relief . In fact , there remains pending litigation on some unsettled debts . Well , it 's still my house . Your mother refinanced the house after your father 's death . In fact , we still owe ... We ? It 's my house ! We can declare bankruptcy , we can sell the house . It 's my house . Yes , of course , you grew up there at your home , but it 's the bank 's house . It 's my house . There 's no need for a single man to live in such a large house , Willard . Sell it . Why do I have to pay for things that my parents did ? The money can help you start over . Start over ? I 'm almost done . Willard , look , you have no choice . If I have choice , why did you even come here ? Why did you even bother telling me ? You can 't tell people that they don 't have control over their lives that I have no money , no home , and it 's not even my fault . Willard , this is not the time nor place . You think about it , then please you have to contact me . This is the only chance you have to take control of your own life . Thank you . Socrates Ben Willard , it 's Cathryn , answer the door . I saw you walk in . Hello . Hi . I 'm just on my way out . I 've some stuff I have to do at the cemetery . Well , this might not be the best time , Willard . But please don 't take it the wrong way . You looked so lonely at your mother 's service . I remember how devastated I was when my mother died . The only thing that helped me through was her mother . This is Scully . She 'll make a great friend and she 'll keep you company . I don 't know what to say , I can 't accept Scully . See ? She likes you . - I , I ... - Why don 't you hold her ? Just take her , just hold her . Really , I can 't . I 'm sorry . - Just take her . - Okay . Well . I 'm really late . Do you think it 's okay if I just put her inside ? - Sure . She 's potty-trained . - Oh , good . ( Cat switched on the remote control of the TV , and easy listening music begins playing on TV ... ) Ben , the two of us need look no more We both found what we were looking for With a friend to call my own , I 'd never be alone And you my friend will see You 've got a friend in me I used to say I am me Now it 's us , now it 's we . I used to say , I am me Now it 's us , now it 's we Ben , most people would turn you away I don 't listen to a word they say They don 't see you as I do I wish they would try to I 'm sure they 'd think again if they had a friend like Ben , like Ben like Ben like Ben Socrates It 's okay . Yes . I wasn 't ... really trying to hurt him I know , you 're trying to keep the peace . But , he has to learn , I am the boss ! So it 's back to work , Socrates . ( He 's coming ) Ben , out Okay , Ben . Just because Socrates said it 's okay . Am I reading this correctly ? Mr. Stiles - It is our regret to inform you , your position has been terminated . Enclosed please find two week 's severance . Your service is appreciated . Frank Martin . He 's firing you . But I thought he couldn 't fire you . Willard . Hey . Hey ! This whole thing is just one big misunderstanding I 'll make it up to you though . I 'm going to take you to the Jets-Dolphins game . How does that sound ? What ? It feels like his office could use a little holiday 's cheer . Cathryn , go take out the Christmas decoration . They 're in the back storeroom . keys in Willard 's desk somewhere Talk it over with Rosie and let me know . I 'll be right here in the office working late tonight Christmas bonus time , you know . Mrs. Leach , found the keys . But , you can dig it out your own holiday cheers and you can shove it up your ass with a big ho-ho-ho . - I quit . - Bye bye . How could you ? What part of " you 're fired " don 't you understand ? - My father - is dead Been dead . Now your mama is dead too . - He started this company , it 's my family 's company . - No . My company , been my company , and I don 't want you around it anymore . Why in the hell are you even still here ? You hate it here , and I hate you being here . You 're going nowhere here . Mommy and daddy are dead . Get over it and get on with your life . The terms of your purchase compact , - tract , strictly state that you 're not allowed to sell ... Sue me . Get you a goddamn lawyer and sue me , you 'll win . Go down today and hire yourself a $ 250-an-hour lawyer , sue me . My $ 450-an-hour lawyer will tie it up in the court until I die . So , what , 10 , 15 , 20 years from now , you 'll win . You know I cannot afford that , you know that Need money , make me an offer on the house . Don 't give me that face , Willard . I buy the house , you have money . You can go buy yourself a very nice clean used car . Move some place where you 'll be happy . Get a job , a girlfriend . Gee , you 'll be so damn happy you won 't even want to sue me . All right . I 'll sell you the house . But please , please , Please let me keep my job . Please , please let me keep my job , please . What in the hell is going on now ? A rat , a rat , right in here ! It 's a rat ! Oh god ! There 's a white rat . And it 's this size and it 's dark and I mean huge dark . over there behind that Christmas light . See him ? - Where ? I don 't see any mouse - No , up there you idiot Up there ! - I think your wild ass imagination 's kind of get in the way with you - He 's up higher There it is ! Walt , this is Mickey coming to join you ! What 's the matter , tiger , can 't take a little blood ? Ha ha ha , find your keepers Nice work , Mr. Martin . Good one sir He expects me to clean that up ? - I 'll do it . - Thank you . What could I do ? What could I do ? What could I do ? What could I do ? What could I do ? What could I do ? What could I do ? What can I do ? What can we do ? In ! In ! That 's it . Can 't fit any more . The rest of you , are going to have to wait here . Ben and I , will be back later . Right , Ben ? Oh ! Jesus ! I like that . I 'm going to get you , mek mek . - Oh my god , look at all the rats ! - Yes Look ... at the rats ! - We 've come to see you . - We ? - They 'll do anything I tell them . - Well then tell them to get the fuck out of my office ! - Sit down . - Thank you for this , the meat verges - Sit down ! - What the hell is wrong with you ? - Mr . Martin . You stole this business from my father It killed him And it killed my mother And now you 're trying to kill me - No , that 's not ... - You never let me alone for a minute You 've made a fool of me in front of everybody And now you 're trying to take my house You made me hate myself I thought a lot about it . Hating myself or right now this moment I like myself You ! killed Socrates ! Who the hell is Socrates ? He was the only friend I 've ever had ยฃ ยก Ah ! Ah ! What 's the matter , tiger ? Are you afraid of a little blood ? Ah , oh , oh , ah ... Tear him up ! Ah ... Good-bye , Ben . Ah ... ah ... Food ! Food ! - I think I hear footsteps - Yeah - Let 's look around the back - Okay Willard , it 's Cathryn ! I 've been calling you all day . Did you hear ? Martin 's dead . They called from the office . The details are weird all kinds of rumors that he was murdered , or attacked by animals . I 'm hungry . Could we get something to eat ? Right now ? Let me get my coat . Just a second . Could I use your restroom ? Cathryn ? In here . Sorry . I had to go so bad and you feel lost somewhere . We need to go . Shit ! I must have run over something . - Are you sure that 's him ? - Yeah . I know it 's him . Get in the car . I 'll call AAA . I 've got a cell phone . Mr. Stiles . Police . Open the door , please. sir . Can you please tell me what this is about ? Willard ! Open the door , Willard ! I want to help you ! Willard ! Willard ! Open the door ! Willard ! Let me in ! What 's going on in there ? I hear him going around the back . Ouch ! Stiles ! Stiles ! I 'm sorry , Ben . I 'm sorry that I left you . I got scared , and the , so I came back here . It 's all over , Ben . You can live anywhere . You can go anywhere ! I have nowhere ! Who 's he talking to ? There 's nothing that I could do without Socrates . But But we got him back , we got Mr. Martin back together . This guy 's nut . We should just call Belevere . It 's all over , Ben So just go . Go away Wo , it 's just not Belfy , we 've got to call the Health Dept of Exterminators . Did you see that ? Man ! Let 's go ! Do you want some food ? I can give you some food , Ben I 'd give you all the food I have of you 'd just go away Do you want food ? Now , now , look at it , it 's food It 's just food . Whatever food that 's in the bag , is yours . That 's it for you , Ben ! I hate you ! I love Socrates but I hate you ! set of food is , it 's a like thousand rats Mam , you want to get equalized ? Martin ! Ah ! The phone : If you want to make a call , please hang up and try again . If you need help , hang up and then dial the operator . Cathryn ! Help ! Help ! Cathryn ! Cathryn ! Ben ! I thought we were friends . Ah ! Ah ... ah Food 's here ! Food ! Look , Stiles . You 've got to eat . You might be out of your mind , but your body 's staying here . Eat ! We 've got some nice chicken , some mash potatoes , El Salvador roll . Hey look we have a piece of cheese . That 's what the mice eat , isn 't it ? Okay , rat boy . Look , I 'm going to leave it here . You can do whatever you what . Hi ! I know you 're hungry . But we have to wait Our time will come . Let 's not let them know you 've come back . We have to sit here and wait . Wait quietly quiet as a mouse .
