 How 's it going ? Been waiting long , handsome ? Why even ask ? We said we 'd meet so I had to wait ... Let 's go Let 's go I know the big guys here ... So we got to camp out here and watch the stars ... For the benefit of education Get to lie here and watch the shower of stars on Panomrueng ... Can 't get any better than this ... Awesome ! What about food supply ? ... Where 's the food supply ? I prepared all the food supply we need ... Even you can 't eat it all in 3 days and nights That 's great ! Help ! Stop ! Move ! Move ! Hey ! Get up ! Are you okay Rong ? Stop ! I said , stop ! Help ! Freeze Mr ! This is the police ! Take it easy , Mr. Take him away Thank you for helping us catch the worker that escaped from the center , inspector I heard villagers say you 're doing something crazy ... So , I came to see What 's it to anybody what ritual I perform Just don 't do anything too crazy I received warning from the dark spirit world ... From this night evil spirits are coming down There 'll be deaths ! Hurry it up , man ... We won 't catch it in time I know damn it ! Stop rushing ... Can 't get it right ... Wait ! Gotta set the stand . Look over there ! It 's clearer ... Hurry ! Hey ! Shooting star ! It dropped there in the ancient stone castle What the hell is that noise ! What 's that noise ... Hard to tell ... We 'll know what happened tomorrow morning . Hey ! I caught the shooting star on film Really ? Where ? Inspector sir , villagers claim they saw a fireball fall into the valley at midnight We 'll head out tomorrow morning and find out what happened The villagers here believe ancient tale ... That dark spirits are buried under the castle waiting to be awaken by a fireball And their belief is more frightening than a shooting star , inspector . Hey ! That 's the crazy guy from yesterday . What happened ? Move back , Sak . Be careful , Doc . At about 10-11 pm . We heard a loud cry coming from the research center There were lights flashing from flashlights ... Don 't know what they 're looking for Then at about 2 am . Shower of stars fell here in the valley Last night 2 people were murdered down there So , altogether there were 3 deaths Ghost ! All the bodies were murdered in a similar way ... I 'll have to ask you all to come down to the station for further questioning Glad to , inspector . But weren 't we supposed to be heading back to Bangkok today ? Awe ... Just come on . Okay then ... We 'll pack up and get changed . Didn 't think Pichit was going to question us for 4 hours ... The station was filled with villagers ... Don 't know what really happened Just think about it ... We all heard that strange noise from the woods ... Then that fireball happens to fall near the stone castle ... And remember what the inspector said ... 3 bodies were murdered in a similar way ... If it was you , wouldn 't you want to know ? If I didn 't , would I be sitting here , Doc ? I have to go call in absent from work ... Then we 'll see what we 'll do next If we all decide to stay ... I 'll find us a place Mr. Paew tried to escape twice ... Dr. Do you think if Paew hadn 't escaped from the research center ... He might not have been killed ? The Dr. Already explained it all ... Why do you keep asking it over again , huh ! Chote ! I must apologize for his lack of manners ... He must be stressed from the work at the research center . What kind of research is it ? That your worker totally lost his mind ... Sign here Dr. To certify your statement Black scorpion to cobra 1 , Black scorpion to cobra 1 ... Search team have now reached target location ... Area surveyed no sign of alien form ... Moving in to clear area ... Repeat ! Moving in to clear area . Alright then ! Since all of you are so afraid of staying I 'll help you out ... Take this charm and place it in your home Is there another problem again , Dr ? Don 't antagonize me ! You think you 're the biggest share holder in here ? Don 't forget that it was Dr. Willasinee and I who set up this center So , is there a problem or not ? It 's the same problem over again Will you let Dr. Mun speak ... 3 of our workers escaped and was killed ... The police are investigating ... They 're becoming suspicious of our center How many workers do we have ? There was 75 , now there 's 62 ... 3 dead and 4 went insane They were infected causing them to have hallucinations ... We must use nerve stimulant drug on the workers also Excuse me , I 'd like to ask you something ... Where are all the villagers ? Why is it so quiet here ? Villagers are afraid the spirits will kill them ... Didn 't you notice the charms on doors and windows ? Some of them moved away Are they so afraid of ghosts here ? It 's the fireball that came down the night before ... Spirits will take revenge on the villagers I 'd like to know who put this crazy idea in their heads I 've read the autopsy reports ... It 's unbelievable It gave me quite a head spin too , inspector . Looking from the flesh wounds ... It 's similar to what a tiger would do to it 's prey ... Or by a huge bear ... But there 's no sign of animal skin tissue on the wounds ... Just the one 's of another human being So what the hell can it be , inspector ? There 's ancient stone castles scattered all around the Thai-Cambodian border Last night we saw the fireball drop south of the castle ... Then it should be right about here ... Where the meteor landed Yep , should be this way . Damn ! Fucking unbelievable ! What are the soldiers doing in here ? Hey , I think we should get a closer look ... I want to see it better Are you insane ! Soldiers with guns standing everywhere ! Freeze ! Stay where you are ! Dad ! What are you doing here ? I should be asking you . So what actually happened here , Dad ? It 's not any of your business ... It 's top secret I never knew the army was interested in meteors How do you know it was a meteor ? I caught the fireball dropping down on VDO , sir Really ? Yes , Dad ... Rong caught the fireball on his VDO camera Sir , we should confiscate the tape It 's my tape ... You have no right to take it , General Dad you 're not really thinking of taking Rong 's tape , right ? No , we just want to watch and draft it for further data research I 'll tell you what , sir ... I 'll draft a set for you when I get back to my place Can 't believe that anything would survive out of this heat Many villagers have already been murdered , sir You 're thinking our world is being invaded by aliens ? I don 't believe it ... But there have been many related incidents ... We must quickly find out the truth Order your men to expand their search to all premises ... To cover every area ... And let no one know what we 're doing There are 3 urgent orders from America , France and Blue Nai to be delivered in 24 hours My father would like me to help out with Mr. Mek 's psychological profile ... I hope you 've already received contact accordingly I 've just received the documents and contact from General Naris We have no problems Thank you very much I hope this high technology equipment from the special unit will help us find out more I 'll report to you us soon as I find out anything new ... If there 's nothing else , then I 'll be going I 'll be going also My name 's Narisara I 'm a physician ... I 'm here to help you ... Can you tell me who killed Mr. Mook ? It was a ghost ... It 's going to kill everyone it sees Mr. Mek , please take it easy , let 's be sensible ... If you don 't explain it to me I can 't help you It 's just like what Yaithong had said ... They were like the aliens I 've seen in the movies Let 's be sensible here , Mr. Mek They 're thousands of years old Mek , look at me ... Look at me , Mek I 'm so afraid We 're all trying to help you here Don 't come any closer Who killed Mr. Mook ? Frightening ! They 're going to kill me ... Ghost ! No ! Don 't come any closer ! Help me ! Mek , take it easy ... Mek Get the fuck away from me ! Leave me alone ! Mek , no ! Put down the gun , Mek ... Dad , I think it would be the right thing to do ... If we sent his body for an autopsy as soon as possible No one suspects or doubts anyone here Dr. What 's your hurry , beautiful ? What are you 2 doing here ? Kiew ! You bastard ! What are you going to do ! I just want to be your man You animal ! Get the fuck away from me ! Leave me alone ! Get away from me ! Help ! You bastard ! Let me go ! Both of you go keep a look out Go ! No ! Let go of me ! You bastard ! Let go of me ! You son of a bitch ! Hey , what the hell is that ? Help ! How is it that your people were murdered in these woods , Chief ? It 's like this ... My son and his 2 men went around the village for a safety check ... When they got to the stream they saw a strange creature dragging Mayom into the woods ... They went to help and that 's when it killed those 2 ... It 's a good thing that my son escaped Is what the Chief just said true ? Yes it is , inspector Are you sure you saw this creature take Mayom ? What ever the hell it is ... We must find it ... Right now we have Gen. Louis and inspector Pichit 's men out hunting it down Mayom ! Mayom ! The body looks as though it was hit by a grenade ... But it wasn 't Looks more like it was torn apart ... I notice the traces of nail scratches and bite marks all over sir What can tear human flesh up like this ? Clear Calling Panomrueng from Pichit 1 ... Can 't contact anyone , inspector ... The radio must be down Try changing positions I 've changed so many that my balls hurt This means we 'll have to go down empty handed ... Wonder how the bait is doing Hey , Sarge ... What is it ? Our radio can 't get contact ... Does it have anything to do with alien frequency ? Why don 't you try tuning to their channel and request a song You want to listen to alien songs ... What ? How did you come up with that ? Clear ! I 've just received report ... 9 officials from the research center heading towards the mountain range ... They look suspicious They know that 's a dangerous zone ... And they still insist on going If that 's the case ... Then I 'll have to take the men back up We 'll come too , inspector Don 't you want to get some rest ? We don 't see you resting , inspector ... So , how can we ? It 's the village girl that was kidnapped She 's still alive ... But her pulse is very weak Regain her consciousness as fast as you can , Sgt. Nop Sir , I see a whole police unit entering into the woods Where are they ? They 're headed towards the cliff ... They 're about a kilometer away from us . That means they cut short ahead of us Sir , what she says makes no sense We have no choice ... We must take her back to the village ... Use the short cut Yes , sir . Where did that gun shot come from ? It came from over there , inspector What 's going on , inspector ? I don 't know yet Fahreng , Doc ... Don 't come out yet Hey , what 's happening ? Who 's there ? It 's me , Dr. Mun Who shot off their gun just now ? It was one of us What were you shooting at ? I saw about 3-4 of those strange creatures in the bushes ... Looked like they were going to attack us ... So , I had my men shoot at it . Strange creatures ? There aren 't any of those around here , Dr. I said they were strange creatures because they aren 't human ... But if you don 't believe me , I 'll show it to you Shouldn 't have gotten away bleeding this much If we hadn 't come in time you 'd all be dead You wouldn 't have been able to take them on How do you know ? We all have guns here What are you and the Dr. Doing in these woods ? We were hunting those creatures that dropped down with the space ship And this space ship ... Where and when did it drop down ? That same night we had that shower of stars ... I saw it all happen because it was close to the center The same place that ... Yes , on the same location task force have seized control over I think only someone stupid would believe that When I saw that fireball drop from the sky ... I knew it wasn 't a meteor ... So , I quickly took my men to the site ... We got there in time to see them struggling out of their wreckage ... Then they quickly disappeared into the woods So , what happened to the remains of the ship ? The task force came with large containers to transport it out ... They set up special security to guard the premise ... No one can get through Do they know about your alien creature or these unhuman , Dr ? What do you think , inspector ? I sure don 't believe any of it . Either I believe it or not that 's another story ... But right now I have to confiscate all your weapons I 'm sorry I cannot grant your request , inspector ... This is a matter of life and death ... And I must defend for my own life Chief ... Where have you been ? What 's going on ? Mayom is back , Chief Really ? Yes , ma 'am ... Came back early this morning ... The soldiers went searching for her in the woods ... When they found her , they brought her back here Didn 't she die like the rest ? How should I know , Chief ... Both of us just came to report the news ... We told you what we heard ... But they say she 's gone mad Still warm Remains of a living thing was burned here It 's the alien we shot ... The one leaving traces of blood we 've been following ... It probably didn 't survive so the others destroyed any trace of evidence I want everyone to spread out and search this area ... We 'll use this fire heap here as a center point ... I believe that we 'll find something This way ! They should be around here ... Watch yourselves Snake ! Doc ! Narisara ! Doc ! Narisara ! Narisara ! Narisara ! Are you alright Doctor ? Doc ... Narisara ... Doc ... Thank you for saving my friend , inspector I 'll chop you up into pieces ! Creatures from hell ! We must quickly kill all of them ... Before they start to breed and conquer the world In the end those foul mouths are all dead ... And the leftovers come crawling for me to help What are you babbling about ? I really want to know what an old hag like you knows I do know what evil you 've done to that Mayom girl ! Why the quick burial ? You should let me first see the body I think all of you should leave these woods ... And let us settle this revenge with them one on one An explosion ! What happened ? We got them ! Wait ... What do you mean ? Chote ! Go ! Private Tueng ... Back away ! Move ! Let me ... I 'll help you , Doc Stuff the intestines back in ... Hurry ! Careful there , Doc How you holding up there , Dabtang ? Private Tueng and I went looking for those 3 They were setting up mine traps ... Tueng started running ... Teung ... What a pity ... Private Tueng ! Tueng ! What 's wrong with him , Doc ? You had your men set these traps up , right Dr ? You let me go this instant , inspector ... It has killed villagers , people , most of my men We 'd all be dead if we waited for you , inspector So good with that mouth of yours ! You are under arrest for possession of war weapons I received an urgent call from the North unit ... They have requisition for the release of Dr. Mun with no charges filed Don 't know if Dr. Mun claimed he was hunting aliens ... What 's this all about ? He says he reached the area where the fireball struck before the task force ... That 's not possible Dad , can 't we hold him for questioning ? I wish we could You 've failed terribly , Dr ... It was almost over for you Don 't talk to me that way ... You 've done nothing to make it easier The head board was displeased about your failure , Dr ... Nobody trusts us at this point ... Nobody wants to take the risk with our project anymore ... I had to persuade everyone that they can rely on you ... The board then agreed to resolve your little dispute If this is about repayment for your favors then ... Go right ahead ! If I go down , I 'll tell them the whole truth ... I 'll expose everything ! Don 't think you 'll succeed without me along Just hurry it up ... We have important work to do Hunting down alien life forms ... Good one ! Don 't waste my time ... You agreed to help me get rid of them Gen. Naris says by law it 's illegal to search the center But we can search it outside of the law Correct ! But if something goes wrong ... We 'll be in deep shit , inspector I 'd like to take on this task ... I ask for one person who knows ecology to come with me Through their DNA ... They must be either near a stream or anywhere humid The thing I 'm most sure about is ... They have strong sexual hormones ... More deranged sexual desires than any ordinary human Part of that was composed through the fermentation of your DNA From both of ours Here they come , Dr. You don 't have to squeeze so tight I was afraid you 'd make a noise I know what I have to do ... Let go Follow me What is this ? I 'd never believe it if I didn 't see it ... Pichit ! What I want to know is what the 2 of you want ? First , let us go ... You have no right to do this to us Now why should we let you go , Dr ? I want to know what you have locked up here ... So this is your alien My guess is you 're cloning a new breed of humans ... By taking animal DNA injecting it to clash both breeds ... What you 're doing is illegal You have no idea ... How much we can benefit from this research What you 're doing has to be illegal ... Or else you wouldn 't cover up this center Don 't get too smart inspector ... What would you know ? You shouldn 't interfere with anything we do But this is immoral ... You 're breaking the laws of nature ... It 's injustice towards medical science ... Most important you 're challenging God Police and army officials are asking to search the center What 's happening here ... There are enough problems as it is Hold them off as long as you can ... Wait until I finish setting things up in here Yes , sir . 2 of our people entered inside the center ... And they haven 't been seen since ... I 'm afraid they could be in danger Your people trespassed into our area ... And you have the never to accuse us ... You 're either stupid or crazy Alright , take it easy Dr. Willasinee ... Since you 're already here ... To clear any suspicion you might have ... We 'll guide you all through the center I have no more doubts You sure you don 't want to see the rest of our center ? Yes Eat ... I wouldn 't want you to die for nothing Why are you cloning humans ? You know that it 's illegal There aren 't really any aliens ... You 're hunting for unhuman that escaped out of here You seem to know a lot , inspector ... The more you know the faster you both will die Where is everybody ? Why are they making so much commotion ? Why aren 't they drugged ? Hurry Dr ... They 're getting out of control You fools ! Lock the room What happened ? We were taking her to surgery for these customer orders ... But this bitch really had a tantrum Where are all of our workers ? How many times will they repeat these mistakes ? We 've lost a lost of workers ... Some just back from their mission This is just perfect ! Someday I 'll have robots instead of you Why aren 't they sedated ? We have no time ... We have urgent orders that came in ... We must make deliveries immediately Keep it alive ... We need the organs Take care of things here ... I 'll handle them myself This way Use the electric shock We have ... But it doesn 't work Shoot the anesthetic There aren 't any left Stop right now ! You can 't use poisonous gas ... It 'll danger the young ones If we don 't use gas no way can we stop them Poisonous gas will spread throughout this center ... We have many young ones in fertilization They won 't survive no matter what You 're always hesitating ... That 's how many of them were able to escape I don 't understand why these guns can 't stop them Because we increased the chemicals to speed up cell construction Come on , hurry ! Destroy everything ... Don 't leave any traces behind for them to find ... It 's because of that Leonic star shower ... All these damn problems started happening Go ! I just received a letter from Internal Security NASA analyzed the remains of the wrecked ship ... They confirm it to be remains from a ship ... Not an alien ship but an old space satellite Firefox ... It 's space garbage ... It was struck down by a group of meteors ... The same night there was the shower of stars ... It 's possible but chances are 1 in a million So , it 's clear there aren 't any aliens or space ship right ? Or is it like what Dr. Mun had said So , it 's possible that Yaithong 's legend might be true ? But Yaithong knows our secret ... And you know her mouth I 'm planning for villagers to run her out I knew you were going to play dirty , Chief I think this place will be safe enough ... I 'll go back to report everything that happened Pichit ... How can we be sure it 's safe for them to wait here ... What if someone sees them ... It 's dangerous Don 't worry about us ... Can 't be worse than what we must face Then the 2 of you wait for us here Distance of about 500 meters from basement to research center Leading back up to the woods Barely enough air here to breathe ... Very congested Sir ... What 's wrong ? He 's ice cold ... He 's turning pale ... He didn 't just faint ... He has a heart condition ... Take him to the hospital immediately I don 't know where they are right now ... No traces found to confirm that they 're dead And now her father is ill They 've seen us ... This way ! What ? How can anyone do something this evil ? They clone humans then kill them ... Take out their organs and sell it to rich people They kill one life to extend another life ... That 's damn despicable Don 't know how far off they are now Inspector Pichit ... Inspector already left ... He come a few times to visit while you were unconscious How about my father ... Does he know I 'm here ? Since you asked What is it , Fahrueng ? What 's happened to my father ? Alright , relax Doc ... And listen to me carefully ... Your father had a heart attack ... Right now he 's at the province hospital Quickly take me to see my father ... Fahrueng ... Sak Jack ... Rong ... Mom ... Doctor says there 's a problem with his coronary ... If we don 't transplant a false heart ... Then we 'll have to find a new heart for him . Where are we going to find a heart ? If the doctors are willing ... I 'll sacrifice my own I 'll be the one to sacrifice my heart for your father Mom ... Now I understand why they were cloning humans To build up a human farm and transfer organs But if we look at it again Think of the patients waiting for a new organ Somehow makes what they do right and reasonable I still disagree with it ... Killing a life to extend another life What if we took a cloning heart and changed it for your father Your father needs a new heart ... If we don 't find one he could die I hope you 're not thinking of transplanting their heart into my father There were 2 of them ... A woman and a man that Dr. Mun cloned They asked to hide out here in the temple They were injured from fighting their own kind On that same night waiting for you So you 've seen them The ruthless breed found them They started battling one another ... I was out receiving morning offerings Found them both at the entrance to the temple So I took them into hiding Afraid that if other monks or anyone else found them They might be in danger Would you know where they were heading ? They told me they wanted to go far away ... Where there aren 't any people They 're afraid the others might find them ... And the villagers will be in danger ... They are of weak mind ... Yaithong has them all under her black spell Chief Toh ... Tell the chief to come and talk to me Father is very ill ... Can 't get up Inspector told you to call your father ... Go tell him to come down What 's the problem inspector ? Have someone alert the villagers I just received word that this village will be raided ... Villagers will be robbed and killed Mother ... Really , inspector ? Do I look like I 'm in the mood to joke ? Careful ! Hurry ! We must help them anyway we can Hurry ! Everyone take anything you might have Stack them up into a wall and don 't go out Mother ! Hurry ! Hurry ! Get behind the wall ! What the hell 's going on ? Hurry ! Get in ! Hurry ! Father ! Back away please Who did this ? Range patrol unit reported in sir ... It 's true ... They 're sneaking into hiding with the border bandits They 're still in Thai territory ... 300 meters away from the border Let 's get them ! Go ! We must quickly get out of here ... Cross over to the other side Their people will take care and protect us there Isn 't there a car or something to pick us up ? We 've paid them a lot of money There should be more options than this The border is filled with land mines That won 't be possible I never thought that we 'd be in this situation All because of that Leonic star shower ... Made everything worse Stop blaming fate Dr. Are we just going to stay here Or go on to start fresh on bigger project than this Hurry ! It 's dangerous here ! Anymore delay we won 't ensure your safety Hurry ! What the hell ! What 's going on here ? Our camp is under attack ! Who 's attacking us ? Don 't know ... Gen. Louis task force tracked us to the border When are they going to get off my back ! Bastards ! Are you sure we can handle them ... Don 't worry ... These bastards have a plan to handle them Go ! How 's the General Dr ? He 's still in coma ... The bullet damaged his internal organs Especially the liver ... We 've used all medical equipment to prolong his life But right now his condition is 30-70 If in 12 hours his condition becomes worse ... We 'll have to operate again Wait ! I smell them ... Why won 't they die ! There must be some kind of a chemical change going through them Help ! You 've brought them here ... Without following my command ... So , these are the foreign doctors If you hate them then why not kill them ... No ! I 'm going to kill you ! Let me go right now ! Evil fools ! I didn 't create you for this ! That 's your mother ! No ! Buddhist father says that besides me his only other follower must be a virgin Sin ! It 's inside you . Who are you old hag ? I 'm the one controlling your destiny You 're a witch ... an old witch Dr. You ! You must create more of them for me I 'll use my black magic to control them Stop ! Don 't kill them ... Those 2 will be useful to me What 's happening ? They 've been expecting us ... Don 't use your weapon No ! Don 't ! Help ! Kill him ! That 's good . The inspector and Narisara ... What have you done with them ? I 'll turn them into zombies Stop your evil doing ... Or you 'll die wandering ... Never to be reborn Are you alright ? My head feels dizzy Stop ! This is the police ! Don 't shoot ! Those 2 are still out cold We can 't use this dump to create the half breeds you want Shut your mouth ! What you want us to do takes scientific equipment ... It 's not as easy as witch spells and chants Don 't get smart with me That smell in here is getting stronger My eyes are getting blurry How long will you keep marking my destruction ? As long as you keep doing your evil ... I must teach you a chasten lesson Why is the air so cold in here ? Everyone be alert ... I have a feeling something 's not right ? Power of the almighty Gods ... Powers of all hell ... Grant me the power ... You again bald monk Yaithong ... When are you going to stop your evil doing ? You burn your herbs ... Causing hallucinations to those who inhale ... You feed them your boiled herbs to brainwash them Stop ! What are we going to do with them ? Your cloning business ... Was set up for wealthy millionaires ... And only for few powerful people What would you know ? It wasn 't to help out the world as you said Just stop it ! In this world ... No one does anything for nothing I can guarantee you this Dr. No matter what happens ... We will build up a new lab ... Understand ? There 's no way until we kill the old witch Come on ... We must find the Buddhist father What about those 2 ? Forget about them Hurry ! Everyone follow me this way Let 's go Dr. This is our chance to get out of here Where will we go ? There must be someplace we could go ... Father ... He doesn 't look good ... Take the father out of here ... Go ! We must hurry father ... Narisara follow me ... Pichit ... Go and find the doctor ... Don 't worry about me Hurry ! Narisara ! Yaithong stabbed me We must get out of here ... Get up All of you listen to me ... I 'm the one that cloned you ... Created you ... You can 't do anything to me They won 't listen to you ... They drank my herbal potion ... It 's changed their soul ... Did you hear what she said ... She 's drugged you Kill her ! Do you hear me ... Kill the witch ! They won 't listen to you ... They listen only to me ... Kill them ! I 'll take you to the hospital ... You 'll be alright There 's a statue that Yaithong worships ... If blood of a virgin touches the statue ... The curse will be broken and it will become powerless Let 's quickly get out of here father Anyone who goes against me ... Must die ! Devour them ! Kill them ! Inspector ... Captain ... We came to help you ... Everyone 's alright ... Are you alright father ? Narisara Let 's go ... Hurry inspector That damn woman 's blood ... All my spells and curses are broken What 's happening ? For 50 years I 've worshiped you through my brahmacharya ... Don 't leave me ... Come back to me ... I 'm going inside Wait ! Don 't ! Don 't go in ! It 's dangerous ! Come back ! Don 't leave me ... What are you doing ? Get away ! Stay back ! In the end I 'm smarter than all of you in here Stop ! Stop torturing them ! I 'm begging you Begging me ? Get out ! Hurry ! They 've been operating for 6 hours now ... I 've never seen an operation so long He 's the only one that 's left ... I want him to stay with us How is he Dr ? His wounds are sever ... He 's very strong ... His body is constantly adapting and healing itself ... This is new breed that was recreated ... It 's the only one left in this world We give him no more than 24 hours Before we put him on anesthetic for surgery ... He was still conscious when he told us that ... He would like to donate his heart to Naris and his kidney to Louis Why would he do that ? He would sacrifice his life for another If we don 't do as he requested ... He will put a deadline on his own life ... Right now that 's lesser than 24 hours He was born to live for someone else ... By doing this he 's just hurting himself We don 't really know how ... But we believe he can delay his death ... The truth is he should 've already been dead I believe he speaks the truth ... He has a pure and kind heart ... There are lots of reasons ... To why he doesn 't want to live So we just let him die father ? We can 't prolong his life for him ... He controls his mind and body It 's because he wants my father to have his heart ... And Col. Louis to have his kidney We 've successfully transplanted the new heart ... The body has accepted the heart extremely well ... As for Col. Louis ... We 've also transplanted the new kidney And ... The patient that donated both organs has peacefully past away
