 } FUTURAMA } FUTURAMA Scratch here to reveal prize } * * * TITLES AT WORK * * * LAST EDIT : 27-Apr-2003 13 : 30 CET } 54 . - S4E10 - 3ACV16 A Leela of Her Own Oh , put down the binoculars , Fry . The wall of that strip club isn 't going to collapse twice in one day . I know , and I 've grown to accept that . Now I 'm more interested in that new pizza parlour across the street . Kinda makes me pine from my days as a pizza delivery boy . " here 's your pizza " I 'd say . " I didn 't order any . " They 'd say . And then I 'd be off to my next adventure . That story stunk . Hand me the binoculars . You 've tried the rest , now we 're open ! Family bros. pizza I think the owner is from Signus five . Signoids , on our block ? Fine foo ? They should go back where they came from . Professor , please ! Society is never gonna make any progress until we all learn to pretend to like each other . Now let 's go over there and make these hideous strangers feel welcome . No . You sure about these chairs ? Guide book sais human legs bend down at knee . It 's OK mama . Anyone complains I bend legs up for free . Uhu , customers ... ! Welcome to earth pizza store . Here , sit . I bend the knees for you . Uh , that 's comfy . OK now . What kind of pizza goes in you . Toppings : • silt • asbestos • flaming magnesium • stucco • scarab • guano Silt , asbestos ? We got guano , very fresh . Oh , mmm , do you have any food ? Here , try a deep ? dish ? pizza . Contains four kind of things . I don 't mean to offend , but this tastes like vomit . Thank you . No , actually , I did mean to offend a little , this is awful . @ # $ % ^ * Hey , what 's wrong ? Was it something Leela said ? We 've came to earth to start new life . Races fats spoiled earth kids . - ? Hang many underwear from earth clothes line. - ? Live earth they can dream . - ? Ah , don 't cry foreign people . I used to work in pizzeria . And as soon as I stop halucinating and blasting puke I 'm gonna teach you to sell pizza , earth style . Oh , thank you magic bipad ! You 've saved us , sir . If we cannot make earth pizza our dream will die . Just like the rats we 've crashed to make a wine . Family bros. pizza For starters , only use quality ingredients . Case in point , no more live bees . Oregano works equall well . And when we put pizzas in oven , don 't get it with them . Hey , ? Most important of all , is the big screen TV . Human families need the TV while they 're eating , so they don 't have to talk to each other . Ah , the earthican past time . Blurnsball . Molligan drives the ball , it 's going , going and cought by the short stop . Match loose again . Mahama I haven 't seen play this bad , since the days of Bob Uecker . This is Bob Uecker saying , thanks for watching . ? , shorte stoppe , pinching the hitter ? I don 't understand this Blurnsball . Well , if you gonna be earthicans , we 'll have to teach you How about your pizzeria place a game against Planet express . Oh , but you 'll need nine players . No problem . @ # $ % ^ * Play the ball . Cavern on the green @ # $ % ^ * Go team , beat those no good Signoids . Show them they stink in the game they 've never played before . Ahh , this is why I love Earth , beautiful starbrightin ' day , friendly Blurnsball game with champ pals , so pleasant for everybody . Aw ! Hit by pitch , take your base . Ah , sorry about that . I guess I needed a few more warm-up pitches . No better , no better . / ? No badder , no badder . ? / No better anymore . / ? No badder anymore . ? / Take your base . I didn 't mean to hit you . I have some trouble with depth perception . Yeah , me too now . hey better better / ? batter ? / Take your base . Duck ? Please lady , I want to live , can I use bag to protect head ? Aparently not . Check out the one-eyed bean machine ! Hurray , I make a score point ! Leela , you beaned our running ! You better let me pitch . But I have got no hitter going . Ah , you right . Here . Don 't take her out . She is fire cracker . Excuse me , I 'd like to talk to you . Am I under arrest ? Wait , I know you . You 're the slease bag who owns the ultimate robot fighting league . Not any more . Now I 'm the sleeze bag who owns the New New York Mets . The Mets ? Those bumps are worse then me . Close to it . But they don 't do our crowd like you . - ? Which is why I wanna sign you to the team . Oh , you mean- - I 'd be first woman ever to play the major league Blurnsball . Well yeah , but basically it 'd just be the publicity stunt . I figured that one-eye lady skullbuster might bring out the freakshow crowd . Wow The first woman ever to play the major league Blurnsball . Again yeah , but basically you 'll just be . Jupííí ! Tadá ! The first woman ever to play major league Blurnsball . How do I look ? Like a sexy ( yougheberra : ) ) - fakt nevim Eh , why is your number 7 / 8 ? All the whole numbers have been retired . Well , I must say : I 'm impressed . You look just like a ball-player . Can I patt you on your butt ? Fry ! I 'm a proffesional athlete . So go ahead . Oh , now I 'm too nervous . The 3002 mets blernsball the way it oughn 't be . Swedish Meatballs : 15 NNY Mets : 0 Well folks , it 's only the fifth time but the Swedes have already turned this one into a laughter . And that 's with two " F " s , the crowd is pooring out the stadium LA style . Skipper , we 're loosing the crowd , put on our new novelty act . Leela . Oh ! Mike Dagget ! I 've already put the circus clown ! Yeah buddy ? , clowns are only funny when they swing away . Your attention , please . Now pitching for the Mets ... Turanga Leela ! EXIT An one-eyed woman . Come on , throw like a girl . Go Too much eye-liner . This is history in the making folks . Bjornson steps up to the play and Leela delivers . Leela delivers . Aw ! Oh ! Bulls-eye ! Ou ! And in our specious start for the career of the first woman Blurnsballer . Aw ! And in our specious continuation for the career of the first woman Blurnsballer . Bean ! Bean ! Bean ! ... Aw ! Ouch ! It 's a three Bean balls solid . The Mets fans love it thou and who can blame them . They haven 't have much to cheer about this year . NNY Mets locker room Kid that was great ! You got us more publicity then a cowboy in a shark tank . Poor tex , he was quite a shark . Black bar generator Hey ! Come on ! I win ! Ooops ! Sorry ! Bender , how did you get in here ? As your agent I have an access to you at all times . Since when ary YOU my agent ? Quiet ! Call coming in . Yes ? A big endorsement deal for Leela ? How much ? Hey ! You put a one and two zeros in front of that or we pass ! Deal ! Bender , that 's great . How much did you get me ? One hundred dollars . Ancestor sons ad agency As a pitcher , I serve up planty of bean balls . So I know good beans when I see them . Bean-Bay Beans ! They 're the beaniest . Cut ! Bean , bean , bean ... Pituitary giants : 17 NNY Mets : 2 " Leela 's bean counters " In very short order Leela has become a fan favourite . You 're teh best , babe . Hang on , call coming in . What 's that ? Hey , you put one and two zeros in front of that or we pass . Deal ! So what did you get me ? A thousand and one pesos . španìlština , sorry Cut ! OK , now do one with the bean suit on . Leela autograph session Bring money Leela really bringing in the customers . This keep up will need to buy second sos-toilet . When I grow up , I wanna injure men by throwing stuff at them just like you , Leela . Will you sign my magazine ? Leela 's beans The Mets magical fruit Ah , sure thing sweetie . Who should I make it out to ? Well , ah ... To eBay . That 's a popular name today . Little e big b ? Five bucks on autograph , two hundred fans ... add one and two zeros in front of that , and we got ourselves a wad . I 'm not doing this for the wad . I 'm doing it for all the struggling female athletes who need a role model . Yeah , role model for how to stink . What ? Who are you ? Jackie Anderson . I won the blernsball team in NNYU And I was hoping to get a play in major soon . Oh , following in my footsteps . Pff , God forbid ! Your little freakshow 's making an impossible for real female ball players to be taken seriously . And I hope you 're proud of yourself . Alright , shows over , no refunds , you 've heard the robot , get out ! I am a fool . The fans haven 't been cheering for me , they 've been cheering at me . Don 't be upset Leela . You , ehm , you look really cute in your uniform . That 's what makes it so sad . I thought I was doing something heroic . You are . What about that little girl , you 've visited in hospital . You know the one I mean ? The one who 've died . You 're right . I can 't let people down anymore . As God is my witness , I avow to earn the respect of girls and women everywhere . I will become : the best blernsball player of all time . That 's statistically impossible . In 77 endings you haven 't got no single out . At this rate , you should have go down as the worst blernsball player of all time . Oh . Then I have a new avowal . I solemnly swear , I will become not the worst blernsball player of all time . Blernsball hall of fame Blernsball fever - contract it ! First ball hit into orbit Hey , look , the players who broked the various color barriers . When will men learn that all races are equally inferior to robots . Worst player in history Here we are . The worst player in history If I can be just a little better than him , I can slink away with my head held high . It says he won 't strike out when his tongue got stucked to an unusually cold bat ! And here he is trying to make a catch with an oven mitt . It 's even a crummy hologram . I am not a hologram . Though I am crummy . Hank Aaron the 24th . Hank Aaron the 24th ? How could you play so blowfully . The original Hank Aaron was great ! No , I was better then great . I was the homerun king . Neat ! So Hank , the bad Hank , just how blowfull were you ? Well , I had a low batting average . Low , it was zero , you fungo . You went your whole career without getting a hit . Leela can beat that . She 's pitched her whole career without gettin an out . You stink , lady . Hey junior , she belongs in the exhibit instead of you . Forget it . This job 's too cuschy to give up . Ah , Wade Boggs . Goes down smooth . Look . I don 't wanna be in this exhibit . Thats why I need your help . So I can be one tiny iota less pathetic than you . Oh , I can 't help you to play better then Tiny Iota . That guy was great . But I 'll teach you , everything I know . OK , let see what you can do . One thing she can do is lodge a ball in a death center of your brain . You better get a batting helmet . Alright , low and away . Uh , ouch . OK , try it again . But this time , keep your eye off the ball . You mean keep your eye on the ball . Hey lady , which one of us is in the hall of fame ? Pssst , you 're holding the bat upside down . Just ? piss ? the ball . OK . Eye off the ball . ... right . - Hurray ! - Yeah , you did it Leela ! I didn 't hit the batter . For once I was pitching nad not just belly-itching . Oh , you got that too ? I think there 's a rash going around . Fenway park Home of the Green Monster Welcome to Fenway park , home of the Boston Point-Dexters where the Mets close out of season and will rank among mankind 's most awful crimes . Hey , you open the franchise . Yes , our biggest seller is Leelas bean pizza . Six kinds of beans , plus several things that look like a beans . Beans , ha ? Hmmm , this is great . How do you make the crust so fizzy ? E , e , e . Ancient signoids secret . My husband , some hot shot . Here 's his ancient signoids secret . Live hornets . We smash them right into dough . Look , I don 't care if there 's a horseman ? devoured ? in it . That 's good . I wanna buy this franchise . How does a hundred thousand dollar sound ? Forget it ! We come to Earth to make a pizza , not the money . No-o bleh , otherway around . Alright , offer accepted . - Yeah ! - Yahoo ! Well fans , Bostons turn last game of the season into the real squeaker , and that 's with three " E " . Two and on and they 're down to their last out . Come on , Skipper ! It 's my last chance to prove I 'm not a worst player ever . Please , put me in . No ! We 're acctually winning this game . You only go in as joke when ray runs behind , or when our other pitchers sneak out early to beat the traffic . Come on ! Let see some fundamentals out there . And not clown fundamentals . Now the bases are loaded . Isn 't there a man on this team who can get one more out . I can ! I repeat ! Isn 't there a man on this ... I 've been training with Hank Aaron . You 've been training with THE Hank Aaron ? I 've been training with A Hank Aaron . Alright then . Get in there and pith like you 've never pitched like you before . Now pitching for the Mets . Turanga Leela Bean ? - We go Leela . - Way right down the pipe ! Strike them out , Leela ! Do it for the hundreds of women everywhere . Your attention . Now pinch-hitting for the Point-Dexters : Jackie Anderson . Well , you look at that , college blernsball 's finest female hitter making her big league debut against pro-ball 's worst female anything . I 've never seen anything this bizzare . And I 've seen Mr. Belvedor naked . Keep cool . She is just like any other player . She puts on her sports bra one arm at a time . Strike one . Strike one . A personal best . Strike two . Remember fans , this exciting moment is brought to you by Muntle Franks , the hot-dogs with experience . Basketball sweat Ballpark sweat Sbalding Warranty void if hit Hit it here and win the game A grand slam blern The match loose Their season is over and no question , Leela , the first woman ever to reach the majors , will go down as the single worst player in history of Blernsball . She 's taught the world , that being a bum knows no gender . And yet , tonight we 've wittnessed the beginning of the great career for the first woman to play this sport well Jackie Anderson . Leela ? Jackie ? I guess you were right . I 'm a lousy row model . I 'm sorry . No , don 't be . It turns out that you were the inspiration after all . I was ? Aha . You were so awful that women everywhere set out to proof they don 't stink as bad as you . You know , like a pig or something . Oh , it 's so kind of you . I guess I made a differnce after all . You absolutelly did , Leela . Now please . Please retire . Immediatelly . Hey kid , catch . Worst player in history Well , at least you 're still the worst football player of all time . } Yeah , yeah . } Translation : } Speech recognition : Lucas13 , Anabel Lee , K5 } Text format and time-sync : K5 using SubtitlesK5ky / 07-Apr-2003 /
