 It 's 298 days since the first manned mission to Mars left the space station . The space ship Ares and her crew of seven men and women are now going into orbit around the red planet . To make the journey with the minimum energy requirement after overcoming the Earth 's gravitational velocity the ship entered an orbit around the sun known as Hohmann 's trajectory . The enigmatic red planet is home to many mysteries . In 1999 , Mars Global Surveyor failed to detect a global gravitational field but did find dozens of local fields , and strange gravitational anomalies . We have some comments from Andre Vishniac , captain of the mission received just a few seconds ago and broadcast to Earth . This is a historic moment . Captain ... How do you feel at a time like this ? You 're flying over Mars . One of ancient humanity 's dreams has come true . It was a difficult dream to achieve . This is our job , and we 've been trained to do it . We can 't worry about other factors . Man landed on the Moon more than 50 years ago . The next and obvious step was Mars . But it took longer than expected . Why Mars ? What do you expect to find there ? There is no easy answer to that . Why does man explore at all ? To learn and to know more . To prove that we can achieve goals that seemed impossible to reach . - Susana , are you ready ? - Yes , I am . - Herb ? - Yeah , I 'm ready . Ares ... Commander voice check . Ares , this is the pilot . Voice check , over . Ares , this is Herbert . Voice check , over . Start countdown . - ... four , three , two , one , zero . - Ignition . It was like coming back from the dead . Confusion and darkness reigned . Do you read me , Belos ? Belos , do you read me ? Someone answer . Do you read me ? We hear you , Lowell . We 've crashed . - Is everyone okay ? - I don 't know . I 'm okay . It 's pretty crazy here . The crash was awful . Are you all right ? Are you okay ? Get some rest . Don 't worry . Get some rest , okay ? We 're alive . Jesus ... It 's amazing . We 're alive . We did it . Come on , Johnson . We did it . We 're alive . Hey , guys ... Is everybody okay down there ? - I 'm all right . - Are you sure , Johnson ? Come on , buddy . We did it . Vishniac , are you okay ? Vishniac ? Vishniac , answer me . Are you okay ? Vishniac ... Jenny ! I don 't know ... His neck is broken . God bless his soul . If anyone finds this tape , I want them to record the facts as they occurred . The crash was terrible , but the Belos 's cockpit miraculously survived . Our captain , Andre Vishniac , died on impact . They five survivors were soon forced to confront the harsh reality . What lay ahead wasn 't going to be easy . I can 't see anything . Christ , what a disaster ... We 'll never be able to restore pressure in the hangar and the Rover 's a wreck . We discovered the failure . For a few seconds , all systems were shut down . It was enough to fool the flight computer . - What caused it ? - You 'll have to look in your database . I wish there was something I could do . Everyone 's looking for a way out . Thanks , Lowell . We 'll talk later on . We need more room . This is too suffocating . Sanchez , you 're second in command . With Vishniac dead , you 're in charge . What do you suggest ? All I wanted was to be somewhere else - a million miles away . First order from your new captain : You can all lie down and wait . - Wait ? Wait for what ? - You don 't want to know , Fidel . - I refuse to accept that possibility . - You 'd better get used to it , Herb . There 's a ship above our heads , and it cannot enter our atmosphere . - There are no more landing modules . - We expected that , Luca . They 'll send a rescue mission . We only have to stay alive until then . Rescue mission ? Do you hear what you 're saying ? It takes 26 months to send a ship from Earth . How will they rescue us ? If there 's one problem with orbit , it 'll delay that another year . I don 't understand . A rescue mission ? The purpose would be to recover our bodies . We 'll be dead within a year . That 's where you 're wrong , Jenny . We 're going to survive . This descent module wasn 't designed to keep us alive for three years . We 're 191 million kilometers from Earth , and we 're alone . - There 's always a way to survive . - Any specific ideas ? We must get to work . All of us . Our mission now is to survive . Just as others have survived before . Our situation is not as desperate as it might seem at first glance . Really ? Not as desperate ? I love this guy . I knew a geologist once . He went on a trip for one day to Switzerland , and he saw a black cow . When he came back , he wrote that all the cows in Switzerland were black . I 'm a geologist , that 's true and that 's why I know how to keep my feet on the ground . We are on Mars , Herb . We 're not going to find palm trees out there . I don 't know what we should do , but I know that we have to find answers . - Or die trying . - What shall we do about water ? Mars 's atmosphere contains traces of water . It 's only a matter of time . Sure , we just have to get used to not drinking much or breathing much . Won 't you consider the idea that we may just have a chance of surviving ? All right . I 'm listening . What 's your plan ? Where do we start ? Precisely as we 're doing now . Assessing our situation . - We 'll need a list of our resources . - I can give you a general idea . Go ahead . First of all we need two kilos of oxygen per person per day . We need approximately two kilos of water and about 1,5 kilos of solid food . With the supplies we have on board , for six people ... Maybe one year . Since the captain 's dead - if we 're very careful , we can probably go ... - ... fifteen months . That 's optimistic . - Please , go on . All right ... Thanks to the recycling units , we have enough water for a couple of years . But if we use the recycler , we 're going to deplete our energy source in about a year . The problem with oxygen is similar . In this situation , we 'd be too miserable to be worrying about breathing . We 're surrounded by oxygen . The planet is rusted . That 's why it 's red . I got it . But in this atmosphere , it 's in the form of carbon dioxide . We can separate the oxygen using dry electrolysis but we 'd use too much energy . The thermoelectric generators would be depleted in a year . We could reduce heating , wear our thermal suits , turn all the lights off ... Do you think we can last several years inside our space suits in the dark ? We 'd all go crazy . We 're no longer on a mission to Mars . We 're shipwrecked . We 'll have to accept a great deal of suffering and discomfort . Don 't worry . I 'm used to facing extreme situations . - Do I have to call you " sir " ? - No , Jenny . You don 't have to . But now I 'm captain of this mission . Or of the gang of castaways . - I think we should ... - Excuse me , but it 's my turn now . Luca , I want a detailed inventory of all our supplies and your estimates as to how we can make them last as long as possible . There 's another very important thing . We have to find out what happened . - Rodrigo , you can take care of that . - Sure . Johnson , we need more room . The acceleration berths won 't be needed anymore . Take them apart . What about me ? Do you have anything for me to do ? Do you have any idea how to get the resources we need from the surface ? I 'll get working on that right away . We all set out on our new mission - survival . Mars was the most inhospitable place the human mind could ever imagine . We were determined to use every available resource to survive . We all know that oxygen is the most abundant element in the rocks of Mars . - Is there any way to make use of it ? - I think so . We 'll improvise a silicate reactor to produce methane and steam . Steam ? Did you say steam ? - Where are you going to get energy ? - We wouldn 't use our generators . - So how are you going to do it ? - With fuel from the Belos 's engines . We 're not planning to take off and can do what we want with the tanks . Burning cryogenized fuel ... That sounds very dangerous . - Luca ... Did you hear Herbert 's idea ? - Yes , I heard his idea . - What do you think ? - It 's ridiculous . We don 't know what condition the fuel tanks are in . No one 's checked . We 're having electrical problems . The system is not working at all and we 're not getting any feedback signals from the tanks . Let 's suppose that they 're intact . If we suppose that they 're intact , which is a bit optimistic we still have to improvise a silicon reactor from the Belos 's engines . It is not easy , and a lot of things could go wrong . We could focus on more productive things . But I 'm not the captain , so you make the decision . Susana . I know where we are . We 're way off the designated landing point . We 're right here at the planet 's equator - near zero latitude . - How can you be so sure ? - The cameras took several pictures . Let me see them . - Unbelievable . - It sure is . Look at this . It looks like permanent bank of fog at the bottom of the valley . It 's just at the point nearest to us . Maybe Ares should take a look at it . It could be water vapor . - Could it be of use to us ? - I doubt it . We need more than fog . - Do you know why we crashed ? - A software error . It lasted only a few seconds , but it misled the radio altimeter . Bad luck , I guess . Luca and Herbert , start getting ready for EVA . Take all of this outside , and then you 'll take a look at the engines . I 'll go with them . While they get rid of this junk , I 'll dig a grave for Andre . What 's the point of that ? Let 's simply put the captain 's body outside . If we lose touch with what we believe in , soon we 'll be acting like animals . You mean with our superstitions ? Let 's focus on things that are practical . Let 's not waste time digging a useless grave . Let 's gather our resources and make some plans . Okay , Luca ... Nobody asked you for help . I can do it alone . We can 't assume the responsibility of taking the captain 's body outside . We could contaminate this planet . The human body is filled with bacteria . - Do you think bacteria would survive ? - To hell with bacteria ! I don 't want to die thinking about if we 're going to leave bacteria behind . Susana , do I have permission to bury the captain in a Christian fashion ? Congratulations , Herbert . You 're the first man on Mars . Baglioni 's right . It 's absurd to bury the captain . Does anybody want to make a memorable speech ? Why don 't you do it , Luca ? You 're the brains of this mission . I think I will , Herbert . How does this sound ? Here lies Andre Vishniac . He was born on Earth and traveled a long way through time and space to meet his destiny right here , in this miserable and desolate place . I 'll say a few words . Wilson wrote them before meeting his death alongside Scott in the Antarctic . Do you know what I think ? I think Herbert really is optimistic . But you are doing your part - assuming all the responsibility . I 'm sure it must be very hard . Your position is the most difficult of all . Do you think I 'm a pessimist ? I think you 're a strong woman , and you know what has to be done . - I 'm not strong . I can assure you . - You seem to be . I 've spent all my life pretending . That 's a fair amount of practice . But right now I 'm scared to death . - Don 't tell the others . - It will be our little secret . I wish I was as calm as you . " Although secrets must be hidden until God reveals them to man " " perhaps we are the ones he chose to witness for the first time " " the hidden heart behind the barrier of ice " - - " and the warmth of the sun under the brilliant radiance of its rays - " - " whilst the blizzard scorches and freezes us with its biting embrace . " I 'd like to confess something , Susana . In my case I 'm not so sure . There 's something that frightens me as much as the idea of dying . Losing my composure , allowing panic to take over . That 's not going to happen , Fidel . You 'll know how to react , as well as the rest of us . I 'm not a strong man , I can assure you . But I can 't control my curiosity . That 's why I joined the mission . Okay , good ... Let 's go . We 're going to check the tanks . The first grave on Mars . Luca and Herbert had done a complete damage report . There was no need to ask . It was clear the news was not good . But Herbert tried to bring us some hope from the world outside . It 's ice . We 've got ice , guys . - It accumulated in the shade of Belos . - How can it be water ? The Martian atmosphere is dry in absolute terms but the cold is so intense that it 's always on the verge of saturation . Luca ... Did you check the engines and fuel tanks ? They no longer exist . They must have been thrown off by the crash . It 's a miracle they didn 't blow up and kill us all . It wasn 't a miracle , but a curse . We are doomed to die . Even though we keep on breathing for a year , we are as dead as Andre . Are you saying that there 's no cryogenized fuel left ? I 'm saying that the contents of this cabin is all that we have left to survive . I don 't think we 're going to make it . What 's going on here ? Give us a break , okay ? Is anybody listening to what I 'm saying ? This is water . Do you know what it means ? Water ! We didn 't expect to have it , but here it is . The problem isn 't water or air . Our energy will run out within a year . And there 's no way we can produce any more . We have to start saving energy right now . Our only chance is to reduce energy consumption to a minimum . We 've already lowered the inside temperature . Very well , we 'll have to hope it works . - Any news on our rescue ? - No . I 'll be leaving in two days . They 've called it an alternative trajectory back to Earth . I 'm sorry . Do they have any idea back on Earth why we crashed ? So far only theories . Some quite intriguing ones , but only theories . - In what way ? - Well ... As you know , Mars has no planetary magnetic fields . But it does have magnetic anomalies and localized gravitations . There 's no satisfactory explanation for this . We 've detected the strongest anomaly at the bottom of the Marineris Valley . It 's so strong that it could have affected Belos 's OCR oscillators . That 's not all . There 's something weird hidden under the fog . Take a look at the new photos , and look at them carefully . I 'm sorry . I have to go . I have a long journey back . Good luck . Lowell 's departure left the rest of us with a deep feeling of solitude . All our hopes had vanished . We were victims of an unavoidable tragedy . What 's going on ? Has our useless neighbor given up yet ? Don 't say that . It must have been frustrating for him . - It 's breaking my heart . - What 's that ? - A shot from a SAR camera . - " I 'm a doctor , Jim . Not an engineer . " Synthetic Aperture Radar . - What 's that ? - I 've seen this somewhere before . - Yeah , so have I. - It doesn 't seem to be natural . - It looks like a maze . - I 'll compare it with the image bank . Here it is . This photo was taken near the south pole of Mars . Look . They 're completely identical . This is so weird . On our next trip to Mars , we 'll take some pictures and do investigations . Unfortunately time is running out - for all of us . Was that just another comment , or your conclusion as engineer ? We need to call a meeting . The minimum amount of time for a round-trip between Mars and Earth is two and a half years . There 's no way to cut down on this time . I know they 'll never get here in time to save us , but they can 't tell us that . How much time do we have if we follow the energy saving measures ? We have about one year and two months . The problem is with the recycling system . It uses too much energy . What do you suggest ? We have to accept the baseline facts - that all five of us cannot survive on this module for that period of time . Luca , what you 're saying ... is terrible . You asked for the data , and these are the cold facts . The module cannot sustain the five of us for two and a half years . How many can survive ? How many ? Two of us . That 's not enough , Luca . Two out of five doesn 't make any sense . - It 's ridiculous . - It 's the way it is . No , it 's not . It 's not that way , Luca . That 's a way of giving up . You 're the one who compared our situation to castaways . Sometimes castaways have to make difficult decisions . Are you crazy ? Do you expect us to draw lots to see who lives or dies ? I 'm not crazy . In a year and a half , there will be five frozen bodies here unless three of us stop using water , air , and the recycling system . You and everyone else refuse to accept that . - Right , Herb ? You think you 'll go back to Earth like some hero who never lost his cool and always knew exactly what to do . He 's right . We won 't admit the truth , but he 's right . I don 't plan to commit suicide . It 's against my religion . Does anyone question Luca 's numbers ? No one ? Well , then ... Then it 's clear that we all accept that Luca 's numbers are accurate . Two of the five of us . They must be correct . I don 't know ... I don 't think we should jump into anything . What I 'm saying is that we have to take time to think before we make any decision . Maybe we 'll find something . What , Herbert ? What are we going to find out there ? When are you going to get that we 're in the most unlivable place there is ? The Earth 's poles are a paradise compared to where we are . How do we decide who lives or dies ? How can we make a decision like that ? Why don 't we apply Herbert 's example ? What did castaways do ? Pull the shortest straw ? Should we decide that way ? I 'm the pilot of a space ship that will never fly again . Fidel , you 're the astro-biologist . Your skills wouldn 't be of any use in this situation . Herb 's skills do him no good either . But Jenny is a doctor and Luca knows how to keep this machine running . The decision has been made . Luca and Jenny stay . Rodrigo , Herbert and I ... We 'll go outside for a walk . That 's a really euphemistic way of putting it , Susana . Very intelligent . You 're very intelligent , Luca . Perhaps the most intelligent of us all . Did you have it all figured out when you said that only two would survive ? - I 'm sorry . I just can 't accept that . - What can 't you accept , Herb ? We haven 't exhausted every possibility . If I must die , I will . But not before having used up all our resources . That 's it , Herb . There are none . Did you hear what I said ? - There are no alternatives . - There are . What are there , Herb ? You seem to know everything . - Listen ! What is our main problem ? - Energy . So what ? - Why don 't we build a windmill ? - Why didn 't I think of that ? That 's brilliant ! We 'll build a windmill that will get energy and we 'll fly back home . The air is too thin . A windmill won 't work . - I 've thought of everything . - Listen to me now . There are winds of more than 130 kilometers waiting for us out there . - We can build it . - The air is too thin . I 'm a scientist . I 've thought of everything . There are no alternatives . I 'm not going to waste energy and resources on ideas that won 't work . It will lower the chances of anybody surviving . - I 'm sorry . - That 's so easy for you to say . - What does that mean ? - You don 't understand that ? You 're so clever and you don 't understand that ? I 'm sorry . I 'm not leaving the module . You can 't ask me to do that . We decided to sleep for five hours before preparing to leave . Finally , the moment arrived . What are those for ? We 're taking as many oxygen tanks as we can carry . Is that a problem ? Susan , do you need that many tanks ? - Please , Luca ... - All right . I 'll go upstairs . - Good luck . Good luck . Take care . - Luca ... Take care . - You too . - Fidel ... - I 'm sorry I arrived late . - Give me a hand with the suit . - Sure . My gloves ... It looks just like a sunny winter day on Earth . Certainly no one would say that we are on another world . It 's a great day for a stroll . I wish we could take these heavy suits off . That wouldn 't be wise , Herb . 80 degrees below zero , 10 REM per year and virtually no atmospheric pressure . Come on , guys . Susana , I was thinking that you should start up your video cameras . I can record everything from here . I think they 'll be very satisfied on Earth with the images you can get . Are you serious , Luca ? Won 't that use up too much of the energy reserves ? I 've done some calculations , and I think we can afford it . I think it 'll be worth while . Giving meaning to their last hours ... It isn 't that . I think this is important . There could be some valuable shots . I 'm not being sentimental . You 're on screen , Susana . You can say a few words if you want . You already know our situation . It isn 't worth while repeating it now . We are going to try to reach the edge of the Marineris Valley . We 've calculated that we 'll have to walk for about four or five hours . We are carrying a few spare tanks of oxygen so there is a pretty good chance that we 'll get some good shots . Hope you enjoy them . Wait a minute . Let 's stop here . - I need to replace an oxygen tank . - Okay , I 'll help you . How many more daylight hours do we have ? Judging by the position of the sun ... I guess about two , maybe three . Exactly four hours , Herb . How far are we from the edge of the valley ? You 've already covered three quarters of the distance . Oh , God ... - Susana , is everything okay ? - Yeah . The landscape seemed to have been carved out by catastrophic floods . Millions of years ago , that dry surface could have been a deep chasm . The untamed beauty of Mars - its icy indifference took our breath away . We were the first creatures to ever set foot on that alien terrain . A mere anecdote in the midst of that red desolation . Have you ever seen such beauty ? More than 4,000 kilometers long and 300 wide . There 's nothing like it in the entire solar system . Look at those strata . I don 't know if the video image will record the subtle colors . It 's beautiful . It 's quite clear , Susana . Did they reach the valley yet ? This place is beautiful . You might think that just getting here has made it all worth while . Look over there . Yeah ... - We could try to make it to the fog . - The ravine is eight kilometers deep . But the gravity on this planet is a third of what it is on Earth . It isn 't as difficult as it seems . - What do you think , Susana ? - Let 's go down and take a look . - All right . Why not ? Let 's go . We don 't have time to waste . Is that a joke ? It 's just the fact that I 'm tired that keeps me from crying . - Oh , God ... - Let 's go . Good idea . Unfortunately it won 't work . Their air supply is too insufficient to make it to the valley . Are you nuts ? I 've turned off the microphone . Don 't worry . - Besides , they already know . - There 's no need to remind them . - Do you think our situation is better ? - We have a possibility of surviving . We have a possibility , if you listen to me . A few years ago , I dated a guy like you . He thought he was the smartest guy in the world , but he was a jerk . So you 've had one boyfriend ? Fuck you , Luca . Fuck you ! This is a form of madness - nothing more , nothing less . All of us are crazy . Otherwise we would have stayed on Earth . What would make a sane man leave his wife and children and climb down a deep ravine on the equator of a frozen planet ? We must all be reasonably sane , or we wouldn 't have passed the tests . I lied . I wanted to come here . I was crazy enough to lie , but intelligent enough not to get caught . - Did you lie , too ? - No , I answered truthfully . Hey , guys ... Remember that all this is being taped . Some day you will be on tvon Earth . So , careful what you say . They wouldn 't do anything to harm the image . They 'll portray us as heroes . - With luck we 'll all be on a pedestal . - Shut up , Luca . You are living proof that psychological tests don 't work . What about your team spirit ? I guess I lied . As I 'm sure everybody else did . - Except for Herbert . - I didn 't lie , Luca . I didn 't need to . Perhaps you 're the only one who isn 't saying , " What an idiot I was " . I wonder how they 'll see us on TV . What thoughts will be running through the minds of the people watching this ? I 've seen similar situations . You 're sitting in your living room , drinking coffee after lunch and suddenly they broadcast images of just before a disaster . You see people who will be dead soon , and you wonder how they feel . What keeps them going ? - Have you found out ? - No , not at all . I feel like I 'm seeing this on TV . I can 't accept that this is happening to me . My mind can 't fathom that my air supply will run out in a few hours and that it will be the end of the road . I 'd like to suggest something . How about concentrating on the descent ? As we talk , we 're using up more oxygen than necessary . The escarpment was what geologists call a chaotic region . The path had been carved out by a torrential flow of water sometime in the Martian past . Wait a second . I need to replace a tank . I 'll help you . - Let 's stop here , Susana . - Okay . It 's your last bottle . Calm down . You 're using too much oxygen . Yeah , I know . - Are you all right ? - Everything 's fine . Herbert was on his last oxygen bottle , and we didn 't have much more . We knew we were nearing the end of the road , but no one said a word . We simply concentrated on taking one step at a time . Look at that . - What ? - Phobos . - It 's moving as fast as a satellite . - It 's so beautiful . And Demios is that brilliant star right next to the edge . - It doesn 't look that spectacular . - It doesn 't matter , Rodrigo . - They are the moons of Barsoom . - Barsoom ? Shall we continue ? Barsoom . That was the name given to Mars by the inhabitants of the Empire of Helium ruled by the beautiful princess Dejah Thoris and where Tars Tarkas , the warrior with green skin and four arms , fights . Herbert explained this to us as we continued our descent . And he told us about the spired cities of Helium and the emerald green banks of the great canal of Nylosirtis . - What are you talking about , Herb ? - John Carter 's adventures on Mars . My grandfather had all Edgar Rice Burroughs 's novels . The Tarzan books and those of John Carter . But the Carter ones were my favorites . As a child , I spent hours devouring those marvelous novels . I dreamt of someday visiting the kingdom of princess Dejah Thoris and walking under the two wild moons of Barsoom . You two will have to go it alone . I think I 'll stay here for a while . What are you talking about ? What 's the matter , Herb ? I can 't go on . My air supply has run out . I swear to you that I 'd like to but I can 't . We knew that this moment would come , didn 't we ? Susana , didn 't we ? You 're a good person . We should have gotten to know each other better . The only happy people are those who have made their dreams come true . It was all over . What were we doing ? Why were we continuing on down , stubbornly , pointlessly towards our own graves ? Herbert was back there - alone under the moons of Barsoom . He was the best of us all . Fidel ? Susana ? Can you hear me ? I can 't get any images . I 'm not seeing anything . I 'm getting interference . It looks like the end of the road . We can 't carry along here . Oh , shit ! Do we have to retrace the whole route ? Not me . There was no way out . But suddenly I saw it . I realized immediately that there was something strange in that cave . The slope we had followed led straight to it . - Susana ? - Luca ? Jenny ? Do you read me ? - I can 't get ... - Luca ? Fidel , you have to see this . Wait , I 'm coming . Can you hear me ? I can 't get any images . I 'm getting interference . Shit ! What does that mean ? We 're dead . I don 't know . What the hell ... - What are you doing ? - We can stop conserving energy . We have a leak . It 's not as airtight as I thought . We 're losing air . The pilot indicator indicates that the internal pressure has dropped . I don 't understand why the sensors didn 't warn us before . Maybe they broke in the crash . We can try to locate the leak , seal it , and re-establish pressure . No , my calculations were precise , and were based on an airtight cabin . I hadn 't foreseen that we would lose air because of a leak . That variable was not included in my equation . The outcome couldn 't be worse . Even if we could plug the crack we wouldn 't have enough air to wait for a rescue mission . I refuse to give up . I 'll find the damn leak and plug it ! - Jenny ... - What ? It 's useless . The pressure 's going down . Perhaps the crack is getting bigger . The leak will be visible from the outside as a streak of water vapor . There 's no hope . Believe me . There 's no hope . I don 't want to spend my last hours in a pressurized suit waiting for the air to disappear . Listen , Jen . Please ... - I don 't ... - What do you want to do ? Tell me . We just admit that we 're going to die and just come together , come towards each other ... We can make each other feel good and it would be okay . I don 't want to be alone and just sit here waiting to die . Why don 't we just make each other feel good ? We can be together . How much time do we really have left ? I think about twelve hours . Any thoughts like this the whole voyage ... Have you just avoided ... ? Do you mean that with your enormous talent and amazing intelligence you can 't find any other solution than to die fucking ? ! That 's completely unreasonable . That 's so uptight . Listen , Jenny . Listen to me . I 've thought about this a lot . I think we can adapt together . Let me tell you what we 're going to do . My plan , okay ? I 'll get into my pressurized suit and go outside to locate the leak . I don 't care if it 's a waste of time . At least I 'll feel that I 'm doing something . You can stay in here and masturbate until you die of dehydration . When the rescue mission arrives , that 's how they 'll find you . They may even erect a statue of you on the same spot . It doesn 't seem to be a natural phenomenon . What do you mean ? I don 't understand how nature could have created a cave like this . It 's kind of artificial , like a tunnel dug by an intelligent being . - The walls are smooth , almost perfect . - There could be many explanations . An ancient frozen water course could have perforated the rock this way . Like an underground glacier . Then the ice melted ... It 's incredible , Fidel . Can you see this ? Amazing ! There are symbols carved in the stone . It seems to be some kind of writing . They have angles , as if they have been carved by an intelligent being . Oh , my God ! It 's man-made , there 's no doubt about it , but I still can 't believe it . Oh , my God ... ! - Someone built it . - " Someone ... " It 's incredible . Oh , my God . We can 't complain about it . We have no right to . We 've discovered the remains of an ancient civilization . - There are more symbols in the stone . - Susana , I 'm really seeing them . Oh , God . It 's unbelievable . Oh , God ... Fidel had devoted his career to proving the feasibility of life on Mars . We had stumbled across evidence he would have never dared dream of . But we wondered if that discovery would die along with us . - What do you think you 're doing ? - I must find that leak . Don 't waste your time , Jen . We 've lost too much air . " Must find the leak ... " - We have to keep fighting . - Jen , look at me . Admit it . We 're going to die . Just admit it . Leave me alone . I don 't want to die . Too bad we didn 't bring an archeologist with us . An archeologist would murder us for not taking precautions before coming in here and distorting everything with our fingerprints . - What do you mean ? - The ground is covered in dust . - How long will our footprints last ? - A thousand years , maybe . This tunnel goes down . Do you think it will reach the bottom of the valley ? It 's possible , but it 's 8,000 meters deep . I can 't believe we 're here . What 's happening ? - The air pressure is higher here . - Your pressure gauge must be broken . No , look ... There 's air and the oxygen count is almost normal . We haven 't passed any airlock or registered any pressure increase . Your instruments must be off . My air pressure is almost zero . I don 't have much to lose . Decompression is a horrible way to die . I 'm tired , Susana . If this is the end ... Don 't do it , Fidel . Don 't leave me alone . It 's cold , and it has a metallic smell . But you can breathe it without any problem . But that 's impossible . There 's air here , and sufficient pressure . Don 't ask me how it 's possible . It 's true . Fidel ... If there 's sufficient air here ... Yeah , we could survive . We must find out what this place is , what it 's for . The pyramids must be recent in comparison to this place . The stones around us have been here longer than we can imagine . We may never know what it means . The symbols aren 't so strange , con - sidering they 're from an alien culture . Any race of hunters would have developed the arrow symbol . The star and the cross sign aren 't difficult to imagine either . - The eye of the octopus . - What ? Its structure is identical to that of the human eye - parallel evolution . Well ... Let 's go . Wait , we still have no contact with Belos . They can 't help us back at the module . - This place is a maze . - I feel like an experimental rat . - I wonder if it means anything . - It must . Imagine an ant that wanders into a discarded Coke bottle looking for food . It goes round and round until it drops . Perhaps it thinks that such a strange and beautiful place must have a purpose . But these symbols must have a meaning . Fidel , don 't leave me . - The corridor is a vacuum , isn 't it ? - Yeah . How did they do it ? How can it be ? Please , Fidel . Don 't leave me . Susana ... I 'm so very tired . Fidel , don 't leave me . Please . I 'm recording everything I can see with my camera but I can 't transmit anything . You 'll only be able to see these shots if someone bothers to look for my corpse . Alone , more alone than any other human being had ever been in a strange place , where some mysterious technology was operating . Something was keeping the air inside , and perhaps it was that something that caused the magnetic and gravitational anomalies . Perhaps the anomalies indicated the position of mazes like this scattered over the surface of Mars . But I was lost inside . Wandering alone through a place that had already claimed my partner 's life . I had been going around in circles for hours and thought that Rodrigo was right , that there was no logic behind it . Perhaps it was just a rat trap , or ... Who knows ? The only thing I knew for sure was that there was no air or pressure in the corridors marked with a star . I do hope that these arrows are taking me in the right direction . But nothing is certain . Rodrigo ? Is that you ? Two arms . Two legs . It all seems pretty human . But who knows what it looked like originally ? All I need is a small trace of vapor to locate where the air is escaping . All I need is a small trace ... This is impossible . Jenny ? Jenny ? - Jenny ? - I 'm here . Yes , that 's it . It 's Susan 's signal . - Is it possible ? - No , it 's not possible . But that 's the signal . She can 't be alive . It 's impossible . Jenny ? Luca ? Can you copy ? We copy , but we don 't have an image . You must try to make it over here . There 's air here , for everyone . Over here . - And Rodrigo ? - He didn 't make it . He 's dead . But you ... survive . - Breathable air here . - I think she 's crazy . - Could she still be alive ? - If Rodrigo gave her some oxygen . - Or if she took it from him . - What are you trying to say ? I don 't know . Maybe she 's hallucinating . - We could try to reach her . - Could we ? We have one hour of oxygen on the ship . We have two space suits with oxygen tanks filled . And we have the one from the captain . I think we can make it . I thought you didn 't want to die in a space suit . I 've come to the conclusion that no death is good . I want to find out what happened to Susan . Come on . I need to rest for a while . These suits were not designed for long walks . You 're alive ! Vivo . - Jenny ! It 's crazy . So this , my friends , is the bottom of the Marineris Valley . It 's been tough getting down here . Herb and Fidel died without even seeing it . But this place could mean hope for us . There 's water , air , and organic life . A primitive lichen species that we may be able to extract proteins from . So there you have it . It 's a fact . Mars was inhabited millions of years ago . A civilization thrived here . What were they like ? How did they live ? What did they feel about their world ? What happened here ? When the planet cooled , they built devices like the tunnel able to retain air and sustain life in an increasingly inhospitable place . But in the end , they didn 't survive . Who knows why ? We won 't be around to find out . I 'm down to my last camera battery , and filming as much as I can . This is for those of you who are viewing this footage . Those who will seek answers to these mysteries . Our only objective now is to survive . As Herbert said : " We 're stranded . " Like castaways , we 'll hold out to the end . Take care of our families . Translation : Mattias Anulf Broadcast Text Stockholm , 2003
