 Clone of my Own Good news ! The university is bringing me up on disciplinary charges . Wait , that 's not good news . Whatever you did , I 'm sure there 's a good explanation . Yes , but they won 't listen . Everyone 's always in favor of saving Hitler 's brain . But when you put it in the body of a great white shark ? Suddenly you 've gone too far ! Professor Farnsworth , do you know why we 've called you here today ? Listen to me , you pompous frauds ! If I 'm going down , I 'm taking you all with me ! Dean Vernon , I know the truth ! It was you driving your hover car that night , not your horse . Dean Epsilon I know all about your " Department of Pool Boy Studies " . And Dr. Wernstrum ? Wernstrum ! Actually , professor , we merely called you here to say surprise . - Happy birthday ! - Surprise ! And you , Coach Smalley ! Or should I say , " Coach Hairpiece " ? No , professor . It 's a surprise party for your 150th birthday ! [ GIBBERISH ] Good evening , I 'm ... Sorry . I 'm Bender , and I 'll be emceeing this roast . They say you can judge a man by the company he keeps . So here 's the professor 's oldest friend , a grotesque , stinking lobster ! Good evening , ladies and germs . [ RIMSHOT ] That wasn 't a joke . I was talking to Dean Streptococcus . Now I 'm not saying Professor Farnsworth is old but if you consider his age , he 's likely to die soon . Hey , Ringo ? That was the joke . It 's Showtime at the Apollo all over again . Where would a professor be without students who love and respect him ? Right there ! But seriously , of all the former crew members of his delivery ship our next speaker is by far the most alive . Captain Musky ? [ BEEP FOLLOWED BY RIMSHOT ] [ LAUGHTER ] I wouldn 't want to follow that guy . And now , a man who needs no introduction . Fry , get up there ! Thank you . When I was first asked to make a film about my nephew , the professor I thought , why should I ? Then later , Leela made the film . But if I had made it , there would be more topless women on motorcycles . Roll film . LEELA NARRATES : Hubert J. Farnsworth was born April 9th , 285 1 in New New York 's nerdiest slum , Hell 's Laboratory . A precocious child , he learned to read while he was still in diapers at age 8 . Soon he became a greasy teenager . Dork alert ! After 14 years of graduate school he settled into the glamorous life of a scientist . Fast cars , trendy nightspots beautiful women . The professor designed them all , working out of his one-room apartment . For 50 years , he worked at Mom 's Friendly Robot Company where he created the first robot capable of qualifying for a boat loan . And now , even as he nears his 150th birthday the professor retains the fiery passion of youth . Listen to me , you pompous frauds ! If I 'm going down , I 'm taking you all with me ! How about a few words , professor ? [ GIBBERISH ] I said , words . What a pleasure it is to see my lifetime of accomplishment summed up in a 3-minute film . My best years are behind me . So much left undone . So little time . Funny , funny stuff ! My life is over . No , it isn 't . You have another 10 years left . Leela , he could live another 100 years ! No , he couldn 't . When you turn 160 robots from the Sunset Squad take you to a mysterious planet and you never return . Wow , a whole planet of old people . Where is it ? Nobody knows . So many loves half-Ioved . So many inventions half-invented . That damn time machine alone set me back 15 years . If only it 'd work , you could go back and not waste your time on it . There 's no one to carry on after I 'm gone . No one to take over my work and my research and my fabulous fortune . By God , that 's it ! I 've got to name a successor ! ALL : A successor ? A successor to the professor ? There 's no time to lose . I 'm off to my lab to build a successor-naming machine ! The professor 's been in his lab for days ! I hope he didn 't die . Unless he named me his successor . Then I hope he did die . You , the successor ? Over my empty shell ! The professor will pick me . Only I have his lobster-like tenacity . Up yours , Zoidberg ! Up wherever your species traditionally crams things . The only sensible way to pick a successor is with a limbo contest . - What ? - Kingston rules . Two men go down , one comes up . Look , the professor trusts me with a giant spaceship . He wouldn 't trust you with his dentures . Yes , he would . Sorry , everyone . But need I remind you , blood is thicker than water . Blood . Thicker . Water . Everyone , I have a very dramatic announcement . So anyone with a weak heart should leave now . Goodbye . Professor ? Oh , yes ! The announcement . As you all know , I am not long for this world . - Yes , we know . - One foot in the grave . So I 've picked my successor . It 's someone in whom I have great faith though his mind is undeveloped and he 's accomplished nothing . My closest living relative my clone , Qbert Farnsworth . He 's horrible ! Crud . Can I at least be in charge of your dentures ? You wish . Where did he come from ? 12 years ago , I began the cloning process by removing skin cells from one of the shapelier growths on my back . If he 's your clone , why doesn 't his nose look like yours ? I left him in his first tube too long and he got squished against the side . Is he dumb or just ugly ? Let 's find out . What ? You 've never seen a genius 's wiener before ? ALL : No . Never . FRY : Once in the park . [ COINS CLINKING ] Shoot ! Since I 'm going to be in charge let me examine my so-called crew . If it can so be called . First of all , Dr. Zoidberg do you even have a medical degree ? I lost it . In a volcano . And why do we need a bending robot around here anyway ? What possible use do we have for you ? Me no speak-a the English . And why does our space pilot have only one eye ? There 's someone I 'd like you to meet . His name is depth perception . Why , you little ... Wow , that hurt ... the air ! Him pending para un bending . Qbert , come in here . I 'll show you something amazing . What is it , a competent employee ? I doubt that very much . - The little twerp . - Hay Chihuahua ! As my successor , I 'm trusting you to carry on my work . These are some of the inventions you 'll spend your life finishing . I didn 't realize you were the inventor of the junk heap . That 's my prizewinning Smell-a-Scope . If a dog craps anywhere in the universe , I won 't be out of the loop . And this is my universal translator . Unfortunately , so far it only translates into an incomprehensible dead language . - Hello . - Bonjour . Crazy gibberish ! - Don 't you have worthwhile inventions ? - Why , certainly ! Step over here . FARNSWORTH : These are the dark-matter engines I invented . They allow my starship to travel between galaxies in mere hours . That 's impossible . You can 't go faster than the speed of light . Of course not . That 's why scientists increased the speed of light in 2208 . Also impossible . And what makes my engines truly remarkable is the afterburner which delivers 200-percent fuel efficiency . That 's especially impossible . Not at all . It 's very simple . Then explain it . Now that 's impossible ! It came to me in a dream and I forgot it in another dream . Your explanations are pure weapons-grade bologn-ium . It 's all impossible ! Nothing 's impossible if you can imagine it . That 's what being a scientist is all about . No , that 's what being a magical elf is all about . Oh , my God ! BENDER : It 's Elzar , the TV chef ! Kill me now , people ! - How we doing here ? - Elzar , everything 's so good ! Are you an ass-kissing machine ? Yes , sir ! Good one , sir ! It 's a gem of an evening . I feel so wonderful having someone to take over my life 's work . And it 's all thanks to Qbert . Look , I may be identical to you in every possible way but that doesn 't mean I 'm like you . - What ? - I don 't want to be an inventor . I want to be something useful , like a teacher 's aide or a prison guard or a science-fiction cartoon writer . But what about my hopes and my dreams and my wonderful inventions ? In your life , your only half-decent invention was me . And I didn 't turn out like you wanted either . - You folks still doing all right ? - Oh , yes , Elzar . Turns out I forgot to cook that chicken . Bad news , everyone . By the time you watch this tape , I 'll be gone leaving behind only a history of failure and my original hipbones . You see , I 've been lying about my age . I 'm not actually 150 . I 'm 160 . Oh , vanity , thy name is Professor Farnsworth . And now that I have nothing to live for I 've alerted the Sunset Squad robots to take me away . Goodbye , cruel world ! Goodbye , cruel lamp . Goodbye , cruel velvet drapes lined with what appears to be some sort of cruel muslin and the cute little pompon curtain pull cords cruel though they may be ... FARNSWORTH : I have nothing to live for I 've alerted the Sunset Squad robots to take me away . ALL : Oh , no . I know you 're all upset , especially Bender . Well , life goes on . Except for you ! I 'm sure he 's just made a cutting remark but he doesn ' t know I taped over his soap operas to record this . You bastard ! We 've got to get him back ! Impossible . No one knows where they take them . Nothing 's impossible ! You 'd know that if you really took after him , like I do . You 're his uncle , dummy . He takes after you ! Yeah , well , what ? Wait a second ! That means I also take after you ! I think I know how to find him . Lay it on us , big boots . If this can pick up his odor , we may have a chance to save him . I think not . As you probably don 't know odors are made up of particles that can 't travel through space . I 'm zeroing in on him . BENGAY . Mothballs ! Letters to the editor ! It 's the professor ! To the flying machine ! To the left ! No , to the up ! U-turn ! We 'll never find this place . Robots are good at keeping secrets . No , we 're not , you little bed wetter . Sorry . There it is ! The Near-Death Star ! We 'll say the professor escaped and we 're bringing him back . Fry , dress up like a 160-year-old man . I 'm on it . My God the illusion is so perfect I almost forgot I was looking at an idiot ! They may ask for a DNA sample . I 'd like to see them find it . This plan is impossible . We don 't even have a sample of his DNA . I think I know where to get some . [ QBERT SCREAMS ] QBERT : Why do I have to be the hump ? Because you 're too ugly to be a wart . [ ALL LAUGH ] Your Medicare dollars at work . Halt ! Identify this guest . This is Professor Hubert Farnsworth . He escaped . Escaped ? No one escapes . This guest does not look 160 . What ? I 'm old . Listen . Hey , you kids ! Get off the lawn ! Old people are often concerned that there are children on their lawns . No denying that . But we 'll need to verify his identity with a DNA sample . Got a hot , steaming batch right here . We only needed one cell . Keep the change , buddy ! QBERT : Stupid robot . - Did your hump just say something ? - I 've got " talking hump syndrome . " Ah , T.H.S. Identity confirmed . Return this shambling shuffleboarder to his room . 7152 Maple Drive . - Sounds nice . - Prepare to be surprised . So this is where they stick old people ! It 's horrific ! It does keep them from driving . Brace yourself for the worst . - And yet he looks so natural . QBERT : What 's happening ? He 's hooked up to life support . We have to disconnect him carefully or the shock could kill him . Freeze ! Seize them ! Get them ! I mean , seize them ! Oh , I 'm so bad at this . Uh , oh ! [ ROBOT GROANS ] We 'll probably make it , but we might not ! - It 's impossible ! We 'll never fit ! - Will too ! Told you . Come on , Leela ! Step your big boot down on the gas pedal ! - They 've blown out one of our engines ! - Fix it ! Fix it ! Fix it ! Fix it ! Fix it ! Only the professor knows how . We have to wake him up . Try shocking him ! Your social security check is late ! Stuff costs more than it used to ! Young people use curse words ! Damn , we 'll have to fix it ourselves ! We can 't , you bastard ! No one knows how it works ! It 's impossible ! Nothing is impossible ! I know how the engines work now . It came to me in a dream . The engines don 't move the ship at all ! The ship stays where it is , and the engines move the universe around it ! That 's a complete load . Nothing 's a complete load . Not if you can imagine it . That 's what being a scientist is about . Right , professor ? [ GIBBERISH ] Let 's ride . QBERT : Good news , everyone ! He 's completely recovered . - All right ! - Yeah . I 'm as spry as a 140-year-old . See ? I only broke one ankle . What happened to you in the drawer ? I was hooked up to a bizarre virtual world that seemed absolutely real . - What was it like ? - I was at a facility in Florida with hundreds of other old people . All day we 'd play bingo , eat oatmeal and wait for our children to call . It 's more horrible than anything I could imagine . Oh , my , yes . Thank you all for saving me . Especially you , my little clone . No matter what you decide to do with your life , I 'm still proud of you . I 've already decided . Dad , when I grow up I want to be just like you . Oh , don 't worry , son . You will . Incidentally , read up on the condition known as wandering bladder . Why ? FARNSWORTH : No reason . No reason at all .
