 Woman : It started out as an experiment . The first change was in the eyes . The iris separated from the pupil and it followed movement like a motion detector . I 'd watch them hours on end and when they 'd see me , they 'd stare back , unblinking , unemotional . Sometimes I swear they were laughing at me . We didn 't mean for things to go as far as they did , but in a world that 's mostly covered with water we needed a new kind of defense . Just another fish in the sea . But we made a horrible mistake . We meant to take the next step in evolution , but we created a monster . ( crickets chirping ) ( imitating crickets ) - ( chuckles ) - How do you make that sound ? It 's a family secret . But I can tell you it 's one of the reasons Mom 's had so many rich husbands . - ( all laugh ) - Change your mind yet ? It 's not too late . We can forget about the whole thing . - Yeah , sure . - There are plenty of other pledges who would die to be in your place . ( buoy ringing ) Let 's go . ( all snickering ) Thank heavens for Home Depot . ( all laugh ) - What about the power ? - It 's usually off . - ( screams ) - ( all scream ) ( laughs ) ( all laughing ) More government BS . Very professional . Crime runs in the family . Daddy 's a lawyer . ( girls chuckle ) ( foghorn blows ) You know the drill : Swim out to the buoy and back . Couldn 't be any easier . The sign said the water 's polluted . Am I gonna get sick or something ? We all had to do it . Do we look sick ? Do you want to be a Delta Delta Chi or don 't you ? Ready ? I guess so . That 's the Delta Delta spirit ! ( girls giggle ) ( bell rings ) You 're such a liar . We didn 't have to do this . What if something happens to her ? What does it matter ? You want her in the sorority ? ( chuckles ) ( girls giggle ) ( snorts ) There 's something out here ! There 's something out here in the water ! Nice try ! I 'm not kidding ! I felt- - What 's she doing ? Screw it , let 's get out of here . ( police siren wails ) Oh God . This is the Military Police . You are trespassing on federal property . - Stay where you are . - If I get caught my dad 's gonna have a shit fit . - What are we supposed to do ? - Take the back way out . We can 't just leave . What about my dad 's car ? Good evening . - ( screams ) - Mel ! Mel ! Mel ? - Mel ? - ( gasps ) Oh God ! Help ! ( screams ) Mel ? ( gasps ) Grab my hand ! ( shrieks ) Grab it ! Grab it ! I 've got you ! ( screams ) Way to go , Doc ! You just tied the world record of 12 ringers in a row , held by none other than ... your-rr husban-nnd ! Ex-husband . You 're the boss . Hot Pants wants us in his office . Yeah , your record 's about to go down in flames . He sounded serious . ( sighs ) As always , your timing is sublime . Correct me if I 'm wrong , didn 't they invent something called an elevator about 100 years ago ? 1853 , to be exact . Why would you know that ? - It 's what you love about me . - Loved . And it still doesn 't explain why we can 't use it . He thinks if we 're out of breath we won 't argue with him so much . Is that it ? Where do you get that information ? ( door buzzing ) Morning , Dr. Collins , Dr. Collins . You wanted to see us ? I didn 't have breakfast . - You know what this is ? - Our project . No . Not anymore . Over . - Over ? - You 're kidding . Do I look like I have my kidding face on ? Is this about the EKG test data ? Because I told Dr. Collins- - It 's about the fact that I have three hysterical college girls in the hospital right now . No no , let me rephrase that . I have three and a half hysterical girls in there . The divers are still trying to locate the rest of the fourth one . That doesn 't make any sense . Even if the sharks could breach the steel net- - Which they did . There is no way into this compound past the 6,000 volts going through the perimeter fence . Is there ? There have been budget shortfalls . We had to make up the difference somewhere . My God , you turned off the electric fence ? - Intermittently . - You didn 't , Larry . How many times have I told you , Dr. Collins , my name is Lawrence ? I wouldn 't have to make any cutbacks if you two had brought me some results that I could take to the oversight committee . I 'm sorry , you don 't consider genetically engineering a new breed of Great White sharks results ? Capable of living in either fresh or salt water , trained to recognize specific targets to defend ? That was yesterday . What have you done for me lately ? Okay , we have managed to increase their speed . Ah-na-na ! I just want to know one thing : Are the subjects responding to commands ? May I ? All right , Doc . I 'm on it . Okay , there 's Avery now . It 's show time . He 's scared . I guess that 's a good thing . ( tires squeal ) Okay , here they come . My God ! Carcharodon carcharias can smell blood in dilutions of one part to 500 million parts of water . Killer schnozzes . They 're bigger than last time . Groucho , Harpo , Chico , Gummo , Zeppo . " The Sharks Brothers . " And here 's the baddest boy in class ... Red Dog . Okay , watch this . Avery ? - ( electronic beeping ) - Marla : Now . You got it , Doc . That was you ? The monitoring implants in each shark are also transceivers . We issue the command and the shark receives a small electric jolt to the brain that essentially fools it into forgetting about the meat . Does it work the other way around ? I mean , can the shark be signaled to attack ? Well , they are predators . I guess they could be trained- - The purpose of the Blue Demon Project was to create an undetectable defense system , not another weapon . Of course . I 'm just thinking out loud . Comfortable ? So it doesn 't work on all of them ? It 's 50-50 with Red Dog . We don 't know why . Let me get this straight . You 've spent four years and millions of dollars on this project and all I have to show for it are a couple of big sharks with pretty eyes ? 90 days ! I have a show-and-tell with the big brass . It 's a funding review , so that we can all keep our jobs ! I want concrete results , something that will hold water besides their lungs . It 's new science , it 's unstable . We have to examine it , understand it . We can 't possibly make that deadline . We 're at least a year away from controlling them . Hmm . I 'm glad to see you two agree on something . That 'll give you something to talk about when you 're in the unemployment line ! Get out ! ( candies rattle ) That went well . I have nothing to say to you . That would be a first . Dr. Collins ? - What ? - What ? - Which one ? - Which one ? - Dr. Nathan Collins . - Guilty . This is for you . - Sign here , please . - Sure . - Thanks . - Thank you . ♪ I got a package ... ♪ ( phone ringing ) Yes , sir . No problem . Six weeks will be just fine . - I 'm looking forward to- - - ( line disconnects ) Inga ! Get me a box of cigars ! You might have mentioned that was coming today . I told my lawyer not to send these here . I 'll just have them sent to your lawyer so she can take a look at them- - No need . You seem a little disappointed . Did you expect me to put up a bit more of a fight ? No , of course not . Of course not . And in return , I 'm only gonna ask for one thing . And what 's that ? Nathan ? I want the ring back . ( alarm beeping ) - It was my grandmother 's , remember ? - Of course . - She gave it to my mother . - Absolutely . And then on her deathbed she gave it to me- - I know the story , Nathan . Thank you . I 'll be right back . Hey , Gummo , Groucho , Red Dog . Listen up , boys . Word of advice : Don 't get married . You see something you like , you swim up behind it and then eat it . Got it ? Maybe she doesn 't really want a divorce . What ? Psychologically , I mean . Maybe somewhere deep in her subconscious she still has feelings for you , and it 's causing her body to rebel against her own actions . That 's why she can 't get the ring off . Did I hear the story ? Oh , no , I haven 't heard the story 50 times ! Men . Stupid grandmother 's aunt 's uncle 's neighbor 's I don 't care whose ring- - Stupid- ( ring rolling ) - No ! No ! No ! No ! ( gasps ) Thank you , thank you , thank you . I never would have heard the end of that . Whoa ! She 's still in love . Yeah . Oh shit ! Marla ! Holy shit ! - ( gun cocks ) - Shoot , God damn it ! Shoot ! ( gunshot ) ( gun cocks ) ( gunshot ) - ( gunshot ) - ( gun cocks ) - ( gunshot ) - ( gun cocks ) - ( gunshot ) - ( gun cocks ) - ( gunshot ) - ( gun cocks ) - ( gunshot ) - ( gun cocks ) - ( gunshot ) - ( gun cocks ) Okay , I gotcha . Come on , okay . Okay , it 's okay . ( crying ) How you doing there , cowboy ? You 're not looking so good . ( laughs ) See , I told you boys , you should never go shot for shot with me . Tequila is my middle name . Come on , get this stuff out . The sooner we get this done , the sooner you two ladies can go take a nap . Come on , we got about a five-hour window here . That fence is not going to fix itself . ( indistinct murmuring ) Hey ! Mr. Secretary . Mr. Secretary . Mr. Secretary . Felix , Mr. Secretary . Look at him . You 'd think he 'd given birth to the damn fish . We are so not ready , Nathan . ( shoe squeaks ) Ah , General Remora , what a pleasure it is to see you , sir ! Remora : Nice pants ! Pretty impressive , huh ? All this fruit salad here just to see our little project . Even the top man himself . Makes you proud to be a scientist , doesn 't it ? Is everything ready , Avery ? As ready as it can be , Doc . You 're not dealing with a moron here , you know . I would never call you a moron . Just so you guys know , nothing escapes my attention . Your fly 's open . Ladies and gentlemen , if you 'll be seated , we can begin . Thank you all for coming this morning for what is quite possibly the most important presentation you 'll ever see . Now , I 'd like to present General Remora , who would like to say a few words before we begin . General . What I 'm about to say to you ... must be kept ... in the utmost ... confidence . That is why I had to get a Level Five security clearance for each and every one of you . And that 's why we 're meeting in this underwater ... secured and protected bunker . In 1997 , the Russian government informed us ... that it may have lost at least 100 of their so-called " suitcase bombs . " ( whistles ) One kiloton ... portable nuclear bombs , small enough and light enough to be carried in a suitcase . And very possibly a backpack . - What 's your name ? - Dashlow . - What ? - Dr. Avery Dashlow , sir . Right . For some time we 've been concerned about the possibility of terrorist threat . And as of three days ago , our intelligence has informed us that one of these bombs had been purchased by a splinter group from an ex-Russian agent . Nathan , I know this isn 't exactly the time to bring this up , - but ... - Yes ? - Um ... - Ahem ! It can wait . Further intelligence has informed us that this bomb will more than likely be arriving by water . And its goal very possibly being a very important landmark on or near this coast . That is why Project Blue Demon is of the utmost importance to our government . And , as Mr. Van Allen already knows , as of yesterday , the President of the United States of America has personally asked me ... to oversee this project . I 'd like everyone to put their hands in their lap . Very good . I will now turn everything back over to Mr. Van Allen . General . Now , this represents the approximate square mileage of accessible water in and around the country . You know I hate when you do that . Do what ? Tell me you have something to tell me and then telling me to forget about it . Lawrence : So what is the answer ? More military ? More Coast Guard ? It would take three times the current numbers of enlisted men and women just to make a dent . No , the human element has done all that it can . It 's time now to take the next step toward complete military preparedness . I present Project Blue Demon ... a squadron of genetically engineered sharks , smarter and stronger than any other species on earth . Trained and controlled by our military and strategic experts to seek out and neutralize terrorist threats wherever they may be found . Maybe I do it because you never seem interested in anything I have to say anyway . Maybe if you 'd say things that were interesting , instead of dull scientific facts all the time , I would be . A bomb surreptitiously placed by an innocuous looking vessel- - the sort of thing that even the most watchful security system might miss . But Blue Demon misses nothing . Its natural and genetically-heightened territorial instinct . The shark locates the bomb before it can detonate . Now , if this sounds like science fiction , it 's not . It 's science fact . - So are you gonna tell me ? - Not when you 've predetermined your response . Can you stop being scientific for one moment and start being a human being ? Thanks . Thanks a lot . All right , I 'll tell you , but you have to promise that you won 't be angry . - I 'm not- - ! - Nathan ! I 'm not angry . Open the curtain . ( murmuring ) Blue Demon . Okay . I ... you know- - See , that 's exactly what I 'm talking about . Is this supposed to be some kind of a joke ? Oh my God . - ( tapping keyboard ) - ( computer beeps ) Where the hell are my sharks ? - Somebody opened the gate . - Don 't even say it . What happened to the , uh- - - Who let the guppies out ? - Apparently none of us . I don 't give a good goddamn who let them out ! I want them back in here now ! I got some very important people in there waiting , so I don 't want to hear the word rain check from any one of you . I 'll just send the command out to Red Dog and the others will follow him back into the lake . If he 's still out there . What are you talking about , Dashlow ? Something 's wrong . I just sent out a return command and I 'm not getting a delivery signal . Did you try an alternate channel ? I 'm on full frequency- - nothing ! Let me try . Anybody got the time ? Too damn late for this bullshit ! That 's what time it is . Hey , did you guys hide my respirator ? You dogs , I know you hid my respirator ! What are those ? We were scheduled to keep the sharks inside all day today . - And ? - Maintenance is in the water . Normal replacement of section of perimeter fence . Nathan : Maintenance , this is an emergency , do you copy ? Maintenance , this is Dr. Nathan Collins . Do you read me ? Maintenance , this is Dr. Nathan Collins . You need to get out of the water now ! Do you read me ? Over . How much longer are we gonna have to wait for these trained fish of yours ? Just a few more moments , sir . There 's been a small miscommunication and they 've been moved out into an enclosed high-security lagoon . Part of our facility . But there 's nothing to worry about . Everything 's under control . ( crunch ) - Still not getting anything . - Well try another transmitter . I tried all of them . I can 't seem to get a response . Dr. Collins , if you people screw this thing up- - Nathan : Marla , do you read me , over ? - I 'm here , Nathan . - Give me some good news . I 'm working on it ! Nathan , what are they still doing in the water ? Nobody 's answering the radio . We 're on our way out there now . Copy ? ( beeping ) Oh my God . Nathan , the sharks , they 're in hunt formation . Nathan : Maintenance , this is an emergency , do you copy ? Yeah , it 's always an emergency . Someone probably plugged up the toilet again . Maintenance , this is an emergency , do you copy ? This is an emergency ! Yeah , this is maintenance . What 's your emergency ? There are sharks in the lake ! Do you copy ? Ed , Jimmy ! Get out of the water ! There 's sharks in the water ! Get out ! Ed , Jimmy , come on ! Get in the- - no ! Get out of the water ! Katie : Jimmy ! Ed ! ( crying ) Oh , God ! ( tires screech ) Oh my God ! They were just out there ! - It 's over . - No , it 's not over . This is just the beginning . ( Katie sobbing ) Tell me you got something . Every hard drive in the system 's up to speed . Not a crash , not a buzz . - Nothing . - Could have told you that . I know this lab inside and out and there 's nothing wrong with this equipment . I 've got six runaway sharks . Who would beg to differ ? They 're moving towards populated areas . I thought you had this problem worked out . Whoever let them out sabotaged the system . Then I guess it 's time for the backup plan . You do have a backup plan ? How ' bout a reboot ? Maybe we should just shut the whole thing down - and start from scratch . - Brilliant , Sparky . - Worth a try . - It 'll take time . - Then you 'd better get on it right now . - What are you gonna do ? What we should have done in the first place . I 'm calling the Coast Guard to let them know we got a predator problem on our hands . I don 't think so , Doctor . Put that phone down . General ! Thought you had left . As I stated before , we 've decided we 're not going to do the demonstration today . They 're not in the lagoon , are they ? ( coughs ) We 've got the situation under control . - ( siren wails ) - Voice : T-minus 10 , nine , eight- - ( switches off ) Doesn 't look like you have anything under control . They 're headed toward beaches . We have to warn people . Tell them . Tell them what ? That a group of government sanctioned genetic experiments has gotten loose ? No . If they found out that the military was behind this , we 'd be in a shitstorm of apocalyptic proportions ! No , I think what we have here is just regular , everyday run-of-the-mill sharks . And the truth of the matter is sharks kill people , every day . But not in a freshwater lake . Minor detail . Are you actually willing to risk life just to keep the government 's involvement in this a secret ? That is indefensible and bullshit ! You watch it , Doctor . Innocent people will be killed . Every war has their casualties . I don 't see any reason the war on terrorism should be any different . Screw that . ( door buzzes ) Get me the number for the Coast Guard . Yeah . Hey , what the hell do you think you 're doing ? Don 't worry , Doctor , you 'll get to make your one phone call . - What are you talking about ? - Dr. Nathan Collins , - you 're under arrest . - On what charge ? Conspiracy to commit a terrorist act against the United States of America . General , I understand what you 're trying to do here , but you have no evidence of anything like that . I have all the evidence I need . This is a log for all the security pass codes for the shark pool . And it has the number of the last code used - to open the gates . - And whose number is that ? - Dr. Nathan Collins . - ( snorts ) Please . Which means are you not only responsible for letting those sharks out into the lagoon , but you are responsible for the deaths of those two unfortunate maintenance workers . He 's doing this because he doesn 't want me telling anyone about the sharks . I 'm doing this because I love my country . Take him away . Get me a lawyer ! This is not over ! No , like this . You have to hook the worm through his body like that so he doesn 't fall off the hook . Here , now you try . I don 't want to . Honey , the worm doesn 't feel anything . It doesn 't hurt him . Yeah , how would you like it if I stuck a hook up your- - That 's enough , young lady . Why do we have to do this anyway ? Can 't we just buy fish at the store ? No , we can 't just buy fish at the store . That 's not a sport . This is a sport . Baseball 's a sport . Basketball 's a sport . This is murder ! Roxie , honey , you wanted to spend some time with Daddy , didn 't you ? - Yeah . - And you wanted to go fishing with Daddy , too , didn 't you ? - Yes . - Now you got a 10-lb. test line here , with an eight-lb . leader . Just set it over the side right here . There you go . All right , now we 'll just see who catches the big one , huh ? Hey , what 's up , doc ? Oh , I guess I 'm just a little blurry here . Yeah , you gonna go somewhere ? Just a little fresh air . Be right back . You want me to go with you ? Avery , " fresh air " is a euphemism . I 'm going to the ladies ' room . - Oh . - Yeah . ( reel spinning ) Dad , I think I 've got something ! Way to go ! Reel him in ! - Not too fast . - It 's really heavy . It 's probably a trout . They get pretty big in these waters . ( reel spinning faster ) Dad ! Dad ! Whoa , you got yourself a whopper here , girl ! Let 's try to get him in now . Let 's reel it in . That 's it , bring it in here . Yeah , it 's a big one ! Wowee ! Okay , here it comes . Roxie : Oh my God ! You got him ! Let 's get him . Oh , yeah ! Okay , good job ! Oh , yeah ! Look what you caught here ! Hold it , I 'll get a photo . Slimy ! - Let me get a photo . Okay , hold it up . - It 's wet ! Attagirl . Hold it right there . - ( gasps ) - What the hell ? - What 's the matter , honey ? - It 's a shark ! It 's a bass , silly . Dad ! Dad ! Shark ! Hurry , swim ! Come on ! Come on ! Come on ! Come on ! - Swim ! - Dad , grab this ! Swim , that 's right ! Don 't look back ! Swim ! Come on ! You can make it . Give me your hand . Dad , keep swimming . Please , hurry ! Sharks , that way ! There you go ! I got you . Dad , I love you . I love you , Dad . Marla ! Thank God , finally ! Did you talk to the lawyer ? Is he coming down to get me out of here ? I 'm afraid not , Nathan . What , are you kidding me ? They can 't just hold me here without formal charges , without any evidence . Well apparently they can . Just the suspicion of you being a terrorist is enough for them to lock you up in here indefinitely . Wait , this is nuts . I brought you some food . I feel like I 'm stuck in some play by Kafka . Watch your language , sir . - What ? - Your language . - I said Kafka . - I heard what you said . There 's a lady present . Appreciate it if you 'd keep it clean . I 'll take that , ma 'am . Oh , do you mind ? I would really like to eat with Doctor Collins . Please ? - I 'll have to check it . - It 's nothing special , but it was all they had in the cafeteria . ( chuckles ) - All right . - ( pistol fires ) Christ , Marla , what the hell are you doing ? Getting you out of here . I appreciate the thought , but shouldn 't we wait to do this , I don 't know , the legal way ? While I was rebooting the system I ran through the program logs and checked it against my private backup file . The reason the system crashed was because it wasn 't the real system . It was some shadow program - built of top of the original . - ( keys jangle ) It was designed to hide in the hard drives when we tried to fix it . Are you telling me that somebody tried to hack in from the outside ? Not that kind of program , no . This came from somebody who had access to our entire system from the inside . - Avery ? - Hardly , no . Avery can barely pay his rent . He would never put himself out of a job . This came from higher up . I can 't believe you just tranked that guy . I didn 't know you had it in you . There 's a lot of things you didn 't know about me , Nathan . ( gasps ) Sorry . Dr. Collins , I need an up- - where is she ? - Ladies ' room . - How long has she been gone ? - I don 't know , 20 minutes , maybe . - 20 minutes ? Hey , chicks take forever in the bathroom . Idiot ! ( woman screams ) ( woman # 2 screams ) ( toilet flushes ) This is Lawrence Van Allen to the holding cell . Come in . This is Lawrence Van Allen to the guard holding Dr. Collins . Do you copy ? Holding cell , come in ! Do something ! My God . What happened ? Where 'd they go ? ( grunts ) Put security on full alert ! Find Dr. Collins . Man : Which one ? Both of them ! ( grunts ) - Afternoon , Doc Collins . - Hi , Mark . It 's so lovely today I just thought I 'd play hooky . No problem , Doctor . I just gotta check out your car . - My car ? - Yeah , it 's a new company policy . I guess there 's some stuff that 's gone missing - from a couple of the labs . - Really ? Yeah , I know , who 'd want to steal a couple of test tubes , huh ? Anyway , I gotta check every vehicle that goes out of here . It 's not your fault though . Of course not . - This is fine . - Oh , good good . - Well , have a nice day . - Trunk too . - The trunk ? - Yeah . It 's a real pain in the butt , ma 'am . Sorry . Man on radio : Gate Security , come in . - Excuse me . - Wait . Look , I 'm kind of in a rush , you know , to get to the beach so I can work on my tan . Could you just check my trunk out first - and then I 'll get out of your hair ? - Yeah , sure . I guess whatever they 're squawking about can wait a sec . Thank you so much . You 're the best . And just because of that , I 'm gonna give you the honor of checking out my trunk . What the hell ? Now , I know this looks suspicious , uh ... ( groans ) Nathan ! See , I bet there are still things about me you don 't know . - Obviously you 're right . - Hey , come on ! - It 's so pretty . - Not as pretty as you . Smooth . - The water looks great . - Uh-huh . We should go for a swim . I didn 't bring my suit . You don 't need a suit . LC , are you crazy ? We can 't just take off our clothes . Why not ? There 's nobody around . Right now . What if somebody comes ? So what if they do ? Besides , we 'll be in the water . So who 's gonna know ? You 're a very bad influence on me , you know that ? If you 're afraid to do it , I understand . - I 'm not afraid . - Oh yeah ? Hey , you did bring your suit ! - Coming ? - Yeah . What are you doing ? This water 's cold , baby . So who 's afraid now ? What would I possibly be afraid of ? You know , that was my first kiss . Really ? Where are you going ? To the moon ! That was my first kiss , too . Well , ready or not , here I come . LC ? Very funny , LC . Shark ! Shark ! Come on , I 've been called worse . Oh my God ! Come on ! Okay , keep your eyes open . If you see anybody- - cops , security , anybody- - take off . No , I 'm not gonna leave you . I was hoping you 'd say that . Hang tight , be right back . Hello , is this the Coast Guard ? Okay good . I need to speak to whoever 's in charge of ... well , sharks . Okay , I know this is gonna sound crazy , but , uh ... My name ? That 's not important . What 's important is that you need to send your boats out right now armed with everything you 've got . Why ? Because ... because there are half a dozen government-grown killer sharks on the hunt along the beaches of this city . And unless your people take action right now a lot of people are going to die . Hello ? Aw , don 't do this . Hello ? Hey , I 'm serious here ! Hello ! Goddamn bureaucrats ! Shit ! Marla ! - Change for a 20 ? - No ! Hey ! You guys got change for a 20 ? Thank you . Unbelievable . Un-believable ! - So how 'd it go with the Coast Guard ? - Not great . - Well , I got something better , this . - Which is ? The prototype to the Blue Demon command program . Now , it 's a rough version , but it might work . The signal might be a little weak , but if I can tap into the lab 's transmitter and then into this- - You 're going to try to control six sharks with your laptop , a cell phone and a car radio ? That 's your problem , Nathan . You 're always so negative . - Negative ? - Negative , yes , negative . You might try seeing the cup half full for a change . ( radio switches on ) Reporter : In other news , police are on a manhunt this hour for Dr. Marla and Nathan Collins from Acro Marine with alleged ties to a terrorist organization working right here in Northern California . They are considered armed and dangerous ... Hmm , you 're right . Things are looking up already . Now back to the music . I 've been at it for two solid hours . I 'm starving , dude . Well , don 't let our little emergency come between you and your Twinkies ! How much longer before the reboot is complete ? Should be any minute now . Whoa ! Wait a sec . - What now ? - There 's another signal here . Somebody 's tapped into the command frequency . - They 're trying to communicate with the sharks . - It 's them . Looks like they 're using a phone line to hack into the system . Probably a cell phone . Can you track the signal , find out where they are ? Yeah , I guess . But that 's like totally illegal . Hello ! Government . That 's what we do . Find them ! Not cool . - Anything ? - Still searching for a signal . Look , maybe you 're right . Maybe this is a stupid idea . Hey , don 't say that . - Why not ? It 's what you 're thinking anyway . - No it 's not . It 's okay , Nathan . I 'm a big girl , I can take it . I was thinking you 're the smartest wom- - you 're the smartest human being I 've ever met . It 's what attracted me to you in the first place . Really ? Yeah , really . I thought it was my ass . Well , okay , maybe it was a little bit your ass . I watch you , you know ? When you work . and you get that far away look in your eyes , and I wonder what it must be like to be in there with you . What was that thing that you were gonna tell me before all this started ? Okay , um- - ( computer beeping ) I got a signal ! I found them ! Oh my God . Okay , they breached the lake . They 're in the ocean . - They 're still traveling in a group formation . - Where are they ? Well , according to this , just a few miles ahead . Okay good , this is a nice desolate area . Let 's just hope they find a nice long , lonely beach with nobody around for miles . - This is not good . - No it 's not . The noise , the splashing , this is like ringing a dinner bell for our sharks . You 've gotten your signal , right ? You can send the command and get them to return to the compound . If the uplink to the main transmitter holds , then I- - - Nathan , I 'm just not sure . - Hey ! Think positive . Give it a shot . - What are you doing ? - I didn 't have much luck with the Coast Guard . Let 's see if I can convince these kids I 'm not crazy . Have you actually seen these sharks around here ? No , not exactly , but we 've been tracking them from down the coast . My wife- - well , my ex-wife , she 's in the car with a computer ... - ( sighs ) - ... trying to send a signal to them - with her cell phone- - - Okay , look , Doctor ... - Collins . - Dr. Collins . I know you 're probably under a lot of stress , but they have laws against drinking on the beach . Drinking alone , that is . ( girl screams ) Keep trying , Jen ! - ( gasps ) - Pardon me , ma 'am . You need to step out of the vehicle , please . - I 'm sorry . - You need to exit the vehicle now , ma 'am . Jesus Christ ! It 's a shark ! It 's a shark ! Get out of here ! Holy cow ! Come on ! Get out of the water ! Come on ! Everybody out ! Hey , come on ! There are sharks in the water . What are you doing ? Come here ! Come on ! Hey , come here ! ( sobbing ) Dr. Collins , look out ! ( alarm sounding ) - Fuck it ! - ( computer buzzes ) Hi . Hi . How do you feel ? Okay , I guess . My leg 's a little itchy . What the hell ? No ! Oh , God , no ! No ! Bad dream ? Oh , God , okay . What happened ? I um ... overloaded the signal . Blew the chips . They 're dead ? Oh God , Marla , I 'm sorry . This project ... those sharks were your life . They used to be . Good , you 're up . That 'll save me having to repeat myself . Lawrence , I think this can wait until after Nathan gets some rest . I had six very expensive sharks at the start of this . I now have none . Somebody has to pay . Take a hike , Larry . - Four . - What ? There were only four sharks at the beach . I only saw four . Are you sure ? Trust me , it 's not something I would forget . This is Van Allen . How many carcasses did you retrieve ? I see . And did you- - Thank you . Four . Another one dead from an overzealous fisherman . No sign of the sixth one anywhere . Okay , they 've been traveling in school formation all along . What would finally make them separate ? Maybe they didn 't . Maybe they were never together in the first place . Hey , guys , great job with the sharks ! I heard all about it . You guys deserve a medal . Stuff it , Avery . - What are you doing ? - Look at this . Wha- - how 'd that happen ? - Says it 's real time . - But it 's not monitoring anything at all . - This is a program he made , a decoy . - To throw us off track . You guys don 't know what you 're talking about . You know they 're dangerous . You were after them ! They 're terrorists ! All right , " dude , " where 's my shark ? I believe I can answer that question for you . Ah , General . We didn 't expect to see you . ( gun cocks ) Everybody up against the wall . Not you , Dashlow . Oh , yeah . General , I 'm not sure I understand . Of course you don 't understand , Van Allen . Because you 're nothing more than a patsy . This whole thing- - the computer shutdown , the sharks ' escape- - it was all you . He had a little help . Why , Avery ? You can 't buy Porsches with dreams . The money . Duh ! Why would you sabotage something like this ? You 're a patriot , for God 's sake ! That 's exactly why , because I am a patriot . This government of ours is weak . We were doing okay for a while there . We had our heads on straight about terrorism . But now they 're starting to divert money into social programs , schools , the homeless , the poor . Before you know it our military won 't be more than a couple of Boy Scouts walking around carrying penknives . Well it 's not gonna happen on my watch ! Then I thought this shark of yours ... well , now if he can defuse a bomb , he sure as hell can deliver one . Red Dog . Smartest in the class . ( grunts ) - World record ! - Nice toss . ( groans ) I 'm going to get him . No no come back ! Forget about him ! We need to find Red Dog . He said it could plant a bomb . Is that possible ? If he 's programmed it outside our system , anything 's possible . Okay , they probably have a separate lab somewhere else with a control program tapped into ours . - Avery . - Avery . Cheap , just like I suspected . ( engine starts ) Where are you going , Avery ? Come here , you lousy punk ! Avery 's been doing his homework . Okay . - ( keyboards clicking ) - ( computer beeping ) Charming . Okay , this is the original command program and that is the shadow program that he created . And here 's our missing shark . It 's Red Dog . Whoa whoa ! What is that ? I don 't know . It 's reading on the image . Oh my God . Plutonium . It 's the Russian suitcase bomb . Remora bought it for himself . What 's the target ? Somewhere further up the coast . I 'm just getting the coordinates now . I 'll just bring it up here on the map . And I 'll try to reprogram Red Dog . You can 't try , Marla . You can do it . Okay , and it should be right there . Oh my God ! ( groans ) Thanks to you Remora 's not gonna pay . But I bet somebody else will for that . Nathan ? ( electrical zapping ) ( engine starts ) Ow ! What the ? Avery ! You dumb-ass moron ! ( tires screeching ) ( tires screeching ) My God ! ( tires screeching ) ( shrieks ) God ! ( shrieks ) - Are you all right ? - Yeah , I 'm okay , yeah . The command key ! ( bomb beeping ) - ( sighs ) - Wait , where 's he going now ? Without a command program the chip defaults ... to the original setting . Hello , this is Lawrence Van Allen calling . Yes , I was wondering , is that teaching position at the university still open ? Yes I 'll hold . You can forget about that tenure of yours , Van Allen . I 'll make sure of that . Another trumped-up charge , General ? I don 't think so . It 's you alone who will be counting ceiling tiles at Leavenworth . I 've been through three wars , two invasions and one hell of a skirmish . I 'll be damned if I 'll be brought down by some goddamn fish ! ( alarm blares ) Can you say sushi ? - ( lock buzzes ) - ( door seals ) ( explosion ) Radio announcer : A nuclear accident at Acro Marine Laboratory was just that- - an accident . There 's been no evidence of foul play and absolutely no indications of terrorist involvement . Thankfully the facility is equipped with lead - shielded walls to handle such incidents and the repercussions , if any , are negligible to the public safety . There will be an investigation and a full hearing into the matter . - You ready for this ? - All I can do is tell the truth . I 'll just tell them exactly what happened . - Wait . - What ? You never told me . That thing that you were gonna tell me ? Oh right , that . Um ... Yeah , that , uh ... so , what do you say ? Right here , right now , before flag and country , what was it ? The divorce papers . Yeah ? I didn 't file them . Oh . Are you mad ? I mean , after everything that we 've been through , I guess , I could still go and- - Remember you dropped this ? Want to see if it still fits ? Perfect . God , I missed that ass ! Come on , kids . They 're waiting . Senator : All right , Dr. Collins , why don 't you all start at the beginning . Tell us how this all happened . Marla : As you know , Senator , with the airways relatively safe it was time to begin covertly securing our oceans and waterways . It started out as an experiment . The first change was in the eyes . The iris separated from the pupil and it followed movement like a motion detector . I 'd watch them hours on end and when they 'd see me they 'd stare back , unblinking , unemotional . Sometimes I swear they were laughing at me . We didn 't mean for things to go as far as they did , but in a world that 's mostly covered with water we needed a new kind of defense . Just another fish in the sea . But we made a horrible mistake . We meant to take the next step in evolution , but we created a monster . Senator : I see . And would you say it was possible for this sort of thing to happen again ? Honestly , Senator , I don 't know . ( jaws crunch ) ( rock music playing ) ♪ Day in the life ♪ ♪ Of someone just like me ♪ ♪ Who walks on the straight line ♪ ♪ But still cannot ♪ ♪ Still cannot see that ♪ ♪ People still looking back ♪ ♪ Just to say hey ♪ ♪ ' Cause nothing- - there 's nothing strange ♪ ♪ Except for the man ♪ ♪ Who walks just like me ♪ ♪ It 's not that easy to explain ♪ ♪ He 's been there once , though ♪ ♪ But then again he 's lying ♪ ♪ Too close to tell ♪ ♪ But then again he 's trying ♪ ♪ Trying to find his way ♪ ♪ He-ey yeah ♪ ♪ Are you jealous of others ? ♪ ♪ Are you jealous of me ? ♪ ♪ Sometimes it 's hard to define ♪ ♪ Is it luck is it chance ♪ ♪ Is it the odd circumstance ♪ ♪ That I 'm winning this strange lottery ? ♪ ♪ You ask if I 'm scared ♪ ♪ Well I ask ♪ ♪ The man just like me , yeah ♪ ♪ He 's been there once , though ♪ ♪ But then again he 's lying ♪ ♪ Too close to tell ♪ ♪ Oh , but then again he 's trying ♪ ♪ Trying to find his way ... ♪ ( guitar solo ) ♪ Here I am , where you at ? I 'm here most every day ♪ ♪ Take a look in the mirror , what 'd you think I 'd have to say ? ♪ ♪ It 's a death-defying thing ♪ ♪ Watching others watch a man while he stumbles to the ground ♪ ♪ When he wrestles in the dirt with the glory that he 's found ♪ ♪ It 's a life-defining thing ♪ ♪ He 's been there once , though ♪ ♪ But then again he 's lying ♪ ♪ Too close to tell ♪ ♪ Oh , but then again he 's trying ♪ ♪ Hey hey yeah ♪ ♪ Been there once ♪ ♪ Oh , but then again he 's lying ♪ ♪ Hey hey yeah ♪ ♪ Too close to tell ♪ ♪ Oh , but then again he 's trying ♪ ♪ Trying to find his way ♪ ♪ Trying to find his way ♪ ♪ Hey yeah . ♪ ( score playing )
