 ♫ ♫ ♫ パラサイトドールズ Parasite Dolls ♪ Hitoke no nai tojita station ♪ ♪ A deserted and closed station ♪ ♪ Asa made kakaeru irritation ♪ ♪ Irritation you carry until morning ♪ ♪ Kono mune no sakebi dareka ga ♪ ♪ If the screaming in this heart ♪ ♪ Uketomete kuretara you survive ♪ ♪ Is accepted by someone , then you 'll survive ♪ ♪ But I know , ♪ ♪ but I know that you 're fighting ♪ ♪ Oshiete yo kimi no sadness ♪ ♪ Tell me your sadness ♪ ♪ But I care , ♪ ♪ but I care that you 're looking for ♪ ♪ Someone to share tomorrow ♪ ♪ Beat , ♪ ♪ get on the beat ♪ ♪ You could be what you ♪ ♪ really wanna be on the beat ♪ ♪ Get on the beat , ♪ ♪ you will never cheat ♪ ♪ What you want , what you need , ♪ ♪ what you dream , get on the ... ♪ ♪ Beat , ♪ ♪ get on the beat ♪ ♪ You could be what you ♪ ♪ really wanna be on the beat ♪ ♪ Get on the beat , ♪ ♪ you will never cheat ♪ ♪ What you want , what you need , ♪ ♪ what you dream , get on the beat ♪ Episode 1 : A Faint Voice This goes out to you , who want to hear music and adult talk ... From here on , until it becomes tomorrow , I 'll be your partner . The sun is finally going down . My night is coming . A bright and dark night is coming . My name is Chieko ... Buzz , you 're extremely early today . If you had just told me , I would have prepared a better meal ... Right ... Oh , it looks like there was a call from the Chief . I 'm sorry to call you when you 're tired , but come back to Branch . There 's a package addressed to you . See you soon , I 'll be waiting . Are you going out again ? The long , long night is starting . I wonder what kind of night it will be ? There is a boomer going berserk on the Number Four Capital Coastal Highway . We request that the A.D. Police Fronters mobilize . I repeat : There is a boomer going berserk on the Number Four Capital Coastal Highway . We request that the A.D. Police Fronters mobilize . Fronter Group B , please report your current location . FB 302 , currently on routine patrol of the Keihin district . FB 308 , currently en route to take care of a traffic jam in the Keihin district . Group B , you 'll be relieved at 12 : 00 hours . Group B will be relieved at 12 : 00 hours , roger . After confirming with Group D , we will be rushing to the FBB station . " I finally get a day off , and he calls me in . We will be rushing to the FBB station . " I finally get a day off , and he calls me in . And on top of that , he 's not waiting for me . " " You 've got to be kidding me ... " Requesting reinforcements , Is that how you 're feeling , Buzz ? Requesting reinforcements , Where 's Takahashi ? It looks like he was called to the " Totem Pole . " Recommending that Fire Bees would be the most effective . It looks like he was called to the " Totem Pole . " Recommending that Fire Bees would be the most effective . Long time no see , Angel . Uh , requesting the mobilization of Fire Bees . Long time no see , Angel . Uh , requesting the mobilization of Fire Bees . Uh , requesting the mobilization of Fire Bees . Saying that greeting first Saying that greeting first is called good manners . What are you infiltrating right now ? FB 302 - What are you infiltrating right now ? What are you infiltrating right now ? - Approval from here . What are you infiltrating right now ? - Approval from here . A place where people treat manners with high importance . What ? A place where people treat manners with high importance . I can 't make you out . Please repeat . I can 't make you out . Please repeat . It would be best for you not to let your guard down . It would be best for you not to let your guard down . If they treat manners so highly , This is headquarters . If they treat manners so highly , We cannot give you approval . We cannot give you approval . Then they definitely won 't forgive a traitor . Then they definitely won 't forgive a traitor . We must have proper authorization . We must have proper authorization Thanks for the advice . Because of the neighborhood anti-noise policy . Thanks for the advice . Because of the neighborhood anti-noise policy . Doesn 't that card have protection on it ? Doesn 't that card have protection on it ? Next time I 'll be waiting for your invitation to dinner . Berserk vehicle spotted ! Berserk vehicle spotted ! Beginning pursuit ! There is currently a Fire Bee in pursuit . What station does it belong to ? I just checked . It 's from Branch . Why is someone like that out here ? ! Fire Bee currently in pursuit , this area is Fronter C jurisdiction . Please move to the rear when the group arrives . Don 't you have an excuse for showing up late ? This is none of Branch 's business ! You know that , right ? If it opens up there , I 'm going to take him out . Don 't let Branch get ahead of you ! Hurry ! That 's why I said that ! I mean , this is something the idiots at Genom 's labs would think of . I had it figured out ages ago . I mean , I had recognized the superconductivity of the centro long before them . At any rate , I know boomers much better than those guys at Genom . Myers . What 's with this board 's layout ? I wonder if they know they 're making me laugh . Myers ! Hey , Buzz . It looks like there 's some kind of protection on this . Would you take a look at it for me ? Huh ? Sure . It 's easy . Piece of cookie . How are things recently ? Nothing 's changed . No one wants to talk to me . Things are quiet . All day , all night ... I see ... Hmm ... this is a pretty well guarded piece ... is this from your proverbial dog ? Well , that 's fine . Buzz ... How about worrying about yourself instead of me ? I 'm not . It 's been about a year since Yumiko passed on . It 's about time to let it affect you mentally . Don 't hold it in so much . Right . There it is . What is this ? I don 't know ... but they look like serial numbers . An exchange ... Takahashi , I 'm saying this frankly , and even if I weren 't the head of management . I do not like the establishment of Branch , or any group that moves around behind the scenes of the A.D. Police . But we have our own positions . I feel that I am respecting that . Thank you very much . But right now , your subordinate , his name is Buzz Nikvest , right ? I want you to stop him from investigating his pet theory immediately . He was going after dealers of a drug that drives boomers mad , right ? Is there some kind of transaction going on with Genom ? Don 't fuck with me ! Do you think that the A.D. Police would do something like that ? ! I 'm kidding . Is something the matter ? We 've already begun an investigation . It would be problematic if you made any unwise moves . I wonder which one of us is making the unwise move . That 's all . Why did he trust me so much ? Isn 't it strange ? Each and every week , a boomer goes berserk . Tonight 's boomer was just taken down by the A.D. Police . And getting civilians wrapped up in it again . Every week , on Friday . This is the third time , isn 't it ? If our superiors don 't do anything about it , if they keep changing our shifts , we won 't be able to handle it . A signal ? Buzz ! Get down ! I 'm used to this type . I 'm surprised you knew where to find me . I got the data from Mr. Myers . I 've wanted to ask you , at least once ... I 've already told you why I don 't carry a gun . Because you hate them ? No , that 's not it . What then ? Are you uncomfortable with having a boomer as a partner ? The day will soon be changing . And it 's time to say goodbye to my voice as well . But the night will continue on . In the quiet darkness of the night , you will remember my voice as you go to sleep . Good night ... Good work . Your timing was perfect tonight , Caine . You were wonderful tonight too , Chieko . But the start of M12 was a little off . I 'm sorry . It is because your dialogue was six words longer . Your adjustment range is eight words . Be careful from now on . Yes , ma 'am . Okay , I 'm counting on you next week . Good night ... Chieko ... You 're right ! Your instincts were right , Michaelson . This is a transmitter . This is incredible . It 's got a Hugh-Geit chip , which means the transfer rate is enormous . Then what was it transmitting ? All of it , everything . What do you mean , " all of it " ? All of this boomer 's perceptions . Sight , sound , touch , even sensations that can artificially trigger releases of adrenaline . Which means there were people who were enjoying the show . Trace the frequency . She didn 't say ... please . This isn 't medicine , is it ? Each grain is a nano-mechanical , miniscule machine . For affecting a boomer , this could be expected to have the best effect . So all we can do is show this to Myers back at the Parlor , huh ? Takahashi is saying that you need to stop this investigation . He told me to tell you that . Takahashi is a flexible guy . The poor man . Are you imitating the emotion of sympathy ? I wonder . What are you trying to do ? I 'm going to put this into my body and analyze it . That 's foolish ! What if you go crazy ? It 's all right . I have a virus buster . Before I go crazy , I 'll self-destruct . If you self-destruct in a place like this , I 'm the one who has to clean up afterwards . Even you make jokes , don 't you ? A jet helicopter is currently going berserk . The pilot is a boomer , factory type . He is refusing outside commands . We request that A.D. Police Fronter Group 8 's Fire Bee mobilize . Again ? ! Caine . Oh , it 's you , don 't scare me . I 'm already ... Will you ... marry me ? What are you saying ? You 're a boomer , aren 't you ? What 's wrong ? I 'm ... human . I 'm not a boomer ... I 'm ... human . Chieko ! I understand now . This isn 't a mechanism to make boomers go crazy . Then what ? It installs incremental correction files into boomers that have bugs . I see ... so they 're trying to correct defective boomers in complete secrecy . This was being handled by the makers themselves , Genom . Even going so far as using dealers ... And traitors are dealt with ... So what that dealer was trying to tell you was this . These are the serial numbers of defective boomers . There is a danger of them going berserk . Let 's go . Bravo tango , bravo tango . Target confirmed , requesting backup . Hey ! Don 't fire in the city ! We 've already exceeded today 's A.D. Police insurance budget ! Roger . Roger . You still haven 't figured out the frequency ? Sorry to keep you waiting , I 'll transmit it now . A high class condominium town ... I 'm going to have to access the Genom server in order to figure out the locations of these boomers based on their serial numbers . I don 't mind , do it . It 's against the law . And what are we ? Right , Branch is a secret group within the A.D. Police . Don 't be so cold , Chieko ... I think we 'd be great together . Who do you think loves your voice the most here in Tokyo ? It 's me , isn 't it ? After all , I 'm the one who stood by your side , listening to your voice the most . Don 't come any closer ... You 've gone crazy ! That 's it , Michaelson ! Unfortunately for you , today 's show ends here . Dear guests , please remain in your seats until the Normal Police arrive . Thank you . Michaelson , can you hear me ? What ? There 's a request for backup from Kimball . Kimball ? But he 's a boomer ... Buzz is with him . No ! Stop it , Caine ... Let me go ! Listen to what I 'm telling you ! You 're a boomer ! Please , Chieko . Understand my heart . Your heart ? I think that I can make you happy . I ... I ... I understand ... I 'll marry you , so ... Back away , just like that , Caine ! Serial number 623 CD ! Save me ! Hurry up and destroy him ! Caine ! Stop ! Caine ! Why ? Chieko ? We 're ... Stop it ! That 's enough ... All you have to do is take out the power circuit . I love you ... Chieko ... So you still can 't get to like guns , can you ? Get that fixed at the Parlor , Kimball . Thanks . But what about the other one ? I 'll be all right by myself . I know where it is too . Buzz ! Looks like I 'm late . Take care of Kimball . Welcome home , Buzz . You 're home early today . If you had just told me , I would have prepared a better meal ... Episode 2 : Dreamer Your charge is complete . Good morning . I had ... a dream ... A dream ? I thought I wasn 't supposed to have those ... Well ... I wonder . Eve ... An order has come in . Get ready . Hey ... I 'll make it cheaper because it 's raining , so stop ... Hey , I said ... You 'd prefer a boomer ? Or do you have no money ? I see ... you 're one of THOSE people ! A short job is thirty thousand yen . Someone from Branch ? Why are they sticking their noses into this ? I 'm sorry , Michaelson . Normally this is something we Normal Police would handle , but ... With this happening like this in a succession ... This kind of boomer isn 't sold normally , is it ? These are illegally modified . Well , thankfully , they don 't have souls . Because they 're standing on the street , prepared to die in this manner . How many cases does this make ? This is the sixth girl ... I mean , this is the sixth one ... What the ? Welcome . Would you like to dream ? I 've been waiting for you . Who 's that ? Someone that you will never have a connection with your whole life , rookie . She 's a boomer , right ? Is that all right ? She 's special . I cannot partake ... I see ... it 's just that ... it would be disappointing to take you right away . Could I get the money first ? She doesn 't do anything herself . Even a human prostitute can serve a man . It looks like Eve is the one who gets served . Even though she 's a boomer ? Maybe BECAUSE she is a boomer ? I don 't really understand . Are you bothered by what happened earlier ? What are you speaking of ? What do you mean , " what " ? Earlier , when we were putting the pressure on that pimp ! I don 't know anything ! Come on ! I 'm a victim here too ! My valuable business tools have been destroyed ! Tools , you say ? Er ... well , no ... you 're a boomer too ? If you happen to overhear something , contact us . All right ? Yes ... yes ! Did that hurt you , Kimball ? Boomers were made to serve people . I 'm asking if it hurt you ! Boomers were made to serve people . I 'm asking if it hurt you ! Boomers do not have emotions , Buzz . Well , thank goodness for that . Heya ! How 's it going ? So , I hear that you guys are going after the Hooker Boomer Crusher too ? Old man Takahashi won 't tell me anything . Hmm ? Branch doesn 't have any sideways communication . If you 're going to say that , then there aren 't any from up top , either ! What 's that , a joke ? I can 't believe you 're telling a joke , Buzz . I 'm sorry . Want to come along ? We found a shop that does illegal modification ! What ? Is it all right for me to go with you ? It 'd be kind of difficult to go with this guy . Oh , wait ! By the way , what 's with that cat ? Isn 't he cute ? I found him . You won 't be able to take him to Branch . What ? It was like a dream . I dream too . I don 't think that 's strange at all , Eve ... What kind of modifications can you do ? If it 's to fulfill a man 's fantasies , then we can do almost anything . I hear that most of the ones standing on Saint Maria Avenue were modified here . Well , I wouldn 't say it 's all of them . You need a certain knack to create something to properly satisfy a man . But they 're all basically B-type boomers , right ? The chassis and the main servos remain , but everything else is original . Skin that clings , a fine elasticity , they 're better than what the young lady here has . Genom couldn 't make something on the same scale . Aren 't modifications like this illegal ? Yet it 's all right to make boomers that kill people ? Don 't you think that 's inconsistent ? Have you heard of the Hooker Boomer Crusher ? You 're police ? ! That 's dirty ! Pretending to be customers . We just came to ask questions , but if you 'd like for us to investigate ... I understand ! But if you suspect us , you 're barking up the wrong tree . OUR products are being destroyed too . Why on earth would people in our business even go through the trouble of making them , then ? Hey , Buzz . So you 're okay with taking me to a place like that ? I may not look it , but I AM a girl , you know ... Oh , really ? I had another dream . You don 't have that ability , Eve . But ... An order has come in , Eve . Be careful . I don 't want a repeat of what happened last time . I know . That time was special ... That yielded nothing ! We 've learned something very interesting ! One month ago , someone suddenly fell ill at the Plaza Hotel . The patient was taken to a hospital right away , but he died soon after . He was staying by himself , right ? Yes . And there is record of him receiving a visitor . A hooker boomer ! I 'm afraid so . The problem is that the client who died was the CEO of Genom . A Genom executive ... The manufacturer killed by his own product ! Which means there 's someone searching for that hooker boomer ... and thus , a formal investigation by the A.D. Police is ... That 's why they asked Branch to investigate . But there isn 't any more information than this . Takahashi ! I 'll be a decoy ! Oh ho ... do you think you can pull it off ? I can do it ! Oh ... What ? Are you going to make fun of me too ? No ... Not a human or a boomer ? You probably didn 't think I owned clothes like this , didn 't you ? You 're different from Angel . It takes a certain kind of sense to be an undercover investigator . I 'm off to work ! Buzz , Angel wants to rendezvous with you about something . Where ? Where she is , of course . Genom Tower . I 'm sorry to call you out . Is it all right for me to show my face in a place like this ? No one here knows that you 're with the A.D. Police . You 're my boyfriend . That 's how they see you . Don 't you think that 's funny ? We broke up so long ago , yet ... There 's a danger of it leaking out even via the NAVI , right ? Are you saying the information is that secret ? What if the client for the Hooker Boomer Crusher was Genom ? That would make sense . They 're searching for the one that killed the CEO of EC Genom . In order to save face ... There 's no evidence that can be used to prosecute them . But anonymous reports from whom I think is the Crusher are frequently e-mailed to the server here . It looks like an unusual substance was detected in the executive who died . I kind of got a sample of it . Was it an assassin ? Who knows ? It 's your job to find that out . That 's true . Bye ! Hey ! Aren 't you going to kiss me ? Oh , what a fine man . Hey , mister ... What was that ? You moron ! Oh , hey ... Both the humans and the boomers standing over there ... they 're women , aren 't they ? Hey , kitty ... I wonder if Buzz sees me as a woman . She 's a boomer , but ... Someone like that ... She was manufactured somewhere , right ? What 's so good about her ? She 's beautiful ... Those are cute clothes . I like them . Huh ? But those clothes won 't get you into the Plaza Hotel . Men aren 't the enemy . If you don 't have a more gentle heart , no one will call on you . I 'm grateful for the advice , but ... Your face says that you think of men as the enemy . Our job is to let them dream ... She 's a boomer ? And she 's more womanly than me ? Do you want to dream ? I 've been waiting . Come in . Aha ! This is anandamide . Is it a narcotic ? You can call it that , but it 's not illegal . After all , it does put the brain into an incredible pleasure state , but it 's already produced by human hormones . How do you control something like that ? You can 't ! So it 's a pleasure substance . What 's necessary to make this in a lab ? A fatty acid called arachidonic acid . Can you see if there 's anyone in the area who 's bought a large amount of that within the past few months ? Michaelson was looking pretty fine , wasn 't she ? Oh , there it is ! Puppet Master ? What a stupid name . Even if it 's a false name , there should still be data for the delivery address . Do a search for the address for me . I hate guys like this . Hey , stop ! This isn 't the kind of place you girls can come into ! Then what ? If you 're A.D. Police , you have to come in wearing that awful armored uniform ? Oh , sorry ... A boomer woman came through here just now , right ? Boomer ? Do you mean ... Eve ? Eve ... You 're wonderful ... Eve ... Oh ... Eve ... This is great ... Eve ... What is this ? ! Is that the true form of letting men dream ? Who is that ... little girl ? Who are you talking about ? ! Kitty ? The Hooker Boomer Crusher ! Eve ! Whoa ! Why you ! We 're running away , Eve ! This way ! I 've killed a person again ... We can talk later ! I 've killed a person again ... We can talk later ! About block R-3 in the outer wards ... What 's wrong ? Michaelson 's rescue request beacon seems to be coming from there . Why ? This is your room ? Why did you leave me behind ... and disappear ? Eve ... You did it again , didn 't you ? I was watching ... through your eyes . I can 't protect you anymore . This is where we part ways . You 're a free boomer now . Tears ? Live however you want to . Eve ... You said that you have dreams , right ? I believe that those are probably leftover fragments of the memory of the person who was the copy master for your emotions . You are the closest thing to a human a boomer has ever been . But no more than a copy . You understand , right , Eve ? That you 'd be happier not having those dreams . What do you mean , happy ? ! What do you know about how this girl feels ? ! I have the memories of someone I don 't know . Run ! Come on , you stupid puppet ! Why you ! How dare you fool me ? ! We 're close , Buzz ! Let 's play ... You 're free now ! Free ? Right ! Free ! Wait ... Eve ... Could this have been the Crusher ? Michaelson ... Eve ! Where are you ? ! Where are you ? ! Eve ! Eve ! Come back with me ! The Crusher won 't come after you anymore ! I have to go . After all , that girl is calling for me ... What are you talking about ? There 's no one there ! Are you joking with me ? Oh , you ... See , there 's a little girl in a red dress right over there . Stop it ! Come back over here ! I have to go . After all , the only person in this world who wants me is that girl . That 's not true ! Eve ! Oww ... Don 't go ! Eve ! Eve ! Are you all right ? Eve ... What happened to the boomer ? Eve was human ... Eve ... Man , it 's all torn apart again ... Even if it IS a boomer , why is there a need to go this far ? This pattern has been happening a lot recently . Going after boomers , firing over fifty rounds from a Scorpion ... It 's the same as before . I wonder if ... it 's the " in " thing ... Emergency Special Show ! Kenji Sorime , Minister of Justice I tend to be misunderstood , I do not feel negatively towards boomers or AI 's . That 's not the case at all . That 's surprising . I was certain that you felt very negatively about boomers themselves . That 's a very strong statement . It 's just that I fear this recent trend In humans going as far as to rely on machines on an emotional level . After all , please consider this . Say I fall in love with you . But you 've fallen in love with a boomer . There 's no way I could give up , right ? Oh my . Mr. Sorime , This just might be the secret to your popularity . Well , then ... Changing the subject , in regards to the upcoming presidential election , with so much backing from society , it 's widely expected that you might possibly make a bid ... From here , what kind of activities ... Why ? You 're getting enough money , right ? What 's to complain about ? It 's not a question of money . I 'm saying that I can 't go along with how you do things anymore . Have you gotten cold feet ? I don 't care if that 's how you take it . The anti-boomer terrorism caused by your underground people is the talk of the town . The Normal Police will begin to move too . It 's impossible , even for me , to conceal this any further . Why is there a need to execute such a huge program at this point in time ? It 's not sane . What you 're trying to do has gone beyond the realm of reform . What you 're trying to do ... is have a revolution ! Takahashi ... What do you think this thing sprawled out on my desk is ? It doesn 't matter if I shoot it with a gun , or stab it with a spear , it feels no sadness , no anguish . It is simply an electrical appliance . No matter how weak you may be , all you have to do is program it , and it will flatter you , cheer you up , comfort you ... It spoils the spiritual difference between the strong and the weak ... It is an unnatural and horrible creation ! Don 't you think so ? Takahashi ... Why are people beautiful ? Why can they reign as leaders of the universe ? Because they can feel pain . Because they have the will to conquer that pain . That will is what lets us endeavor for our hopes . And it is the privilege of the strong to control that will as they wish , and the weak receive a spiritual pleasure for being submissive to them . This is the food cycle for society . Tamiya . Stand up . Purify yourself . You see , Takahashi ... All I 'm trying to do is cut away the excess from our time . Don 't you understand ? You 've gone mad . Gone mad ? That 's wonderful ! Those words are the greatest praise ! History may call me a revolutionary and a lunatic . But I will be recorded in history . As the standard-bearer of justice that brought back mankind 's culture . As a holy knight that saved it from destruction and darkness . For that , there is a need to eliminate all of these ugly humanoid impersonations from this world . That is the first step ! And I won 't let anyone get in the way ! And ... I will become a legend ... Episode 3 : Knights of a Roundtable Chief Takahashi has vanished ? What do you mean ? You can ask all you want , but ... He disappeared ... booooo ... Do you mean he 's run off ? It is difficult to consider that line of thought . Why is that ? Tell me in a brief , clear manner that even I can understand . First , there 's no one at his home . And nothing has turned up on a lookup of his current whereabouts . And of course , there are no traces of his credit card being used . If there are no traces on his credit card use , then there 's the possibility he 's not in a civilized area . There ARE some dubious rumors about that man , after all . It looks like that caused the internal investigation division of the central office to launch an investigation of him ... On top of that , with the all the recent criticism about public welfare , they couldn 't have their internal struggles out in public ... For the time being , the government 's telling us to " take care of this yourselves . " This is from two hours ago , though . To make a long story short , they 're telling us to confirm Chief Takahashi 's death . That 's not definite yet , right ? Why do you always think of the worst possible outcome ? ! It 's not the worst one . It 's the most likely outcome . It 's true ... The chance of his survival is slim . Wait , even you ? Why are you saying such ominous things ? ! But ... Shut up ! Don 't determine everything based on probabilities ! You goddamned boomer ! Oh ... there it is . The discriminatory slur . Can you dig through ? How deep ? The Chief 's bank accounts and credit records . What ? ! We don 't know how many dozens of protective walls that has ! Can you do it , or not ? If you tell me to , I will ... But I 'll need time ... About how much ? Five hours . You have one . Don 't be ridiculous ! You have one . Don 't be ridiculous ! One hour and five minutes . What are you saying ? ! I 'll help out . Myers , give me some directions . Whoa ... sorry about this ... In any case , trying to do it with the computer power here is out of the question . So go and swipe something with horsepower from somewhere . Leave it to me . I 'll bring back the newest machine from Genom . I 'm counting on you ! I love you ... She 's a fine woman . If you have the time to move your mouth , then move your hands . I AM moving them , alright ? ! Buzz ! What about us ? Move . That was unexpected ... Excuse me ? Well , I didn 't think Buzz was the kind of man who 'd take action on his own volition . Oh . Well , maybe part of it is the fact that the person in question is Chief Takahashi . Huh ? Are they friends ? Well , the two of them joined the force at the same time . What ? ! Tell me another one ! It 's true . I 'm certain that they were in college together too . Which means ... Buzz is older than I thought . What a shock ... Or rather , it 's Chief Takahashi who looks ancient , right ? They 're both thirty-eight years old . That makes sense . They 're both from the class of ' 24 . In that case , I guess it would be natural for him to be worried . Yes , it is . Chief Takahashi is the one who set up Branch , and it 's said that Branch itself was a measure to save Buzz , who was at that time going to be discharged for causing a problem . A ... problem ? Please ask that to the man himself . You 're right ... I don 't know anything about Buzz at all ... It must be difficult to be a young girl in love . Who are you saying is in love with whom ? ! Oh ... Could it be that you were trying to hide that ? In that case , I 'm sorry . Goddamned boomer ... - I can hear everything you 're saying . - Rust and die ... I can hear everything you 're saying . Whoa ... I really broke through the protection on a national secret in an hour ... This is bad , I might be a genius ... You 're a genius ... You 're a genius ... Is it all right to increase my bank account ? No . Angel , how about a night with a genius ? No . He lives farther away than I expected ... To pass the time , shall we discuss your romance ? Listen , you . If you keep talking about that , you 're going to ... Kimball ! Kimball ! Oh ... That was scary . Are you all right ? Yes . I wasn 't directly hit . The shockwave just grazed me . More importantly ... It looks like a rowdy party is about to begin . Is it just me , or are we totally being targeted ? It would seem that way . And now the highway is full of holes . They 're just doing whatever they want , aren 't they ? Well , it looks like there 's no mistaking that they 're aiming for us . They backed off ? This is bad . What ? Missiles . Mis - Our Father , who art ... Takahashi 's whereabouts ? He vanished ? What 's the cause ? I don 't know . That 's why I came to ask that . Even if you say that ... I haven 't even seen him since the class reunion five years ago . I don 't know ... You see him everyday . Shouldn 't you know better than me ? Sorry that I 'm not able to help . What about that ? I really shouldn 't say out in the open , but ... We have a cracking specialist in our group . A personal bank account is rather easy to look at . Though it took a bit of work . For these past fifteen years , on the same day on the same months , enormous sums of unexplained money have been deposited into your and Takahashi 's accounts , routed through over five different places overseas . Is this a coincidence ? Let 's change locales . When I think about it , it 's been a long time since I 've seen you , Buzz . Not since you transferred to the A.D. Police from us , which makes it ... six years since the last time ? As you can see , I 've gone pretty bald . Even though no hair will grow on my head , these days hair grows from the holes in my ears . It 's tough , growing old ... Enough with the jokes . You haven 't changed ... your appearance and your personality , just like you were back then . Cool and quiet , but you continue to burn . Do you know a politician by the name of Sorime ? He 's a young , hard-line member of the Diet . You hear his name a lot these days . Well , politicians are probably all the same , and just like the rest , he has a public face and a secret one . And right in front of that secret face are Takahashi and myself . You helped him hush something up ? Well , something like that . When Takahashi invited me , believe it or not , I hesitated . But the amount of money offered was huge . I had racked up a debt with a bookie , so it was a chance I jumped at . Takahashi invited you ? Yeah . What 's their relationship ? Sorime was in college . Around then , Takahashi was with the Normal Police , and he caught him with drugs . Drugs ? If you could call them drugs . It was just gum . It was something that all of the young folk were doing . Sorime was just unlucky . A politician with a record of drug use , huh ? He doesn 't have a record . Takahashi covered it up . Well , that 's how their relationship started . Or so I hear ... An inseparable relationship , huh ? All I wanted was the money ... But Takahashi was different ... Rather , it felt like he adored Sorime 's political ideals ... So right now , Takahashi is with Sorime ? That I don 't know . What do you mean ? I had a drink with Takahashi a week ago . That 's when I heard that Sorime had started dabbling in drugs again . And this time , it wasn 't anything cute like gum . We 're talking capsules . Henry the Second ? You 're correct . The incredibly powerful one . Takahashi wanted to wash his hands of the whole thing . Maybe he couldn 't stand to see the formerly charismatic Sorime babbling nonsense before his very eyes . Or maybe ... I don 't want to say it , but if he 's vanished ... the only thing I can think of is trouble with Sorime . He knows everything about Sorime . Do you think he 's still alive ? I don 't know . I 'm sorry . After this is all over , I 'll forget everything . I promise . If it hadn 't been you , I wouldn 't have talked . And ... It 's been a long time since I remembered ... Remembered ? Hold on ! Genom City ... It 's burning ... He ... he really did it . It can 't be ... He was serious ? Kojima ! What are you hiding ? Spill everything ! Buzz ... Run ! From this town ... From this country ! Run away ! What ... What are you saying ? Never mind , just run ! Kojima ! Never mind , just run ! The ringleader of that destruction ... of that despicable farce ... is you , Buzz Nikvest ! Kagome ... Kagome The bird in the cage When , when will it come out An incredible incident has occurred . Please take a look . This is not a movie . This is the scene as it 's happening , right now , in this country . Before dawn today , Special Information Program Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! Due to an unknown number of terrorist bombs , Special Information Program Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! Every block of Genom City has fallen into ruin . Special Information Program Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! Special Information Program Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! Due to this , ninety percent of the boomer production lines have stopped . Special Information Program Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! There is no doubt that this will be damaging on a worldwide scale . Special Information Program Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! This just in , Special Information Program Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! The Normal Police have announced that they are searching the entire nation . Special Information Program Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! For the suspect , Buzz Nikvest , who was serving with the A.D. Police . Special Information Program Buzz Nikvest Suspect ( 38 ) Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! For the suspect , Buzz Nikvest , who was serving with the A.D. Police . Special Information Program Buzz Nikvest Suspect ( 38 ) Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! Special Information Program Buzz Nikvest Suspect ( 38 ) Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! Currently , Buzz Nikvest . Special Information Program Buzz Nikvest Suspect ( 38 ) Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! Is on the run after murdering two of his coworkers . Special Information Program Number of people dead or missing : Over 10,000 ! Genom City destroyed ! Is on the run after murdering two of his coworkers . It seems unusual that an announcement is being made for a case of this scale . We will be explaining that right now . Why me ? ! What do you think of that tragedy ? In this day and age , how do you think such a large-scale terrorist bombing can occur ? It can 't be ... Yes , it can . The Domino Effect Explosion System . Exactly . By utilizing the electrical power that flows through the security lines in an emergency , you induce explosions in P3 bombs . Because they acquire the electricity to detonate them from emergency lights , P3 bombs , which have no power and no signal , register as non-volatile matter . The chances for the current hazardous material check systems to spot them is extremely low . The first explosion is used as impetus . Afterwards , the rest will use the red emergency lights as power , and link together and explode . This was from your thesis paper on the dangers of urban crime ! You submitted this during your college years ! Sorime read that ! Hello , everyone . It 's a beautiful , sunny day out there this morning . If you 're just joining in , you 're listening to The King Porkchop Time . I 'm back after a few days off . On my off days , I like to spend some quiet time fishing . I spent a lot of time out there yesterday at Freemont Lake . I couldn 't catch anything , though . But I feel good , and I hope you 're feeling good , so let 's get on with our show ... Are you serious ? Does it sound like a joke to you ? But ... That linked explosion system report by Buzz Nikvest . At a glance , it 's a perfect plan . And we have the power to put it into action . I see no problems , do you ? And we can set him up as the culprit too . We kill two birds with one stone . He 's my friend ! Why are you saying this now , of all times ? You 're the one who brought this to me , right ? That is ... Buzz Nikvest . I 've looked into him . Seven years ago , his beloved wife was murdered by a berserk boomer . Afterwards , he made a request , and was transferred to the boomer crime specialists , the A.D. Police . But five years ago , he mistook a little girl for a boomer , and shot her to death . He was on the verge of being discharged , but quiet measures were taken , and he now belongs to Branch . Isn 't he the perfect man to be our suspect ? That wasn 't Buzz 's fault ! It 's too late ! There are already over five hundred P3 bombs set in various places in Genom City . All that remains is for the folks at Branch to become sacrifices , and for you to make plans so that no one picks up any of the evidence . The destruction of Genom City . A world without boomers ... Yes ... Let 's name this project " Excalibur " . Takahashi ... We are the start of the new Knights of the Round Table ... Are you a morning person ? Where ... did you get this ? This is the safe key that Kojima was entrusted with just before Takahashi disappeared . When I opened it , this data was inside . For him , this might have been insurance . It looks like there were instructions to open this , in case anything happened to him . This will be broadcast on today 's afternoon news throughout the country - no , throughout the world . You 're finished . What is it you want ? Money ? Freedom ? I can arrange it , if you want . Don 't be so conceited . Buzz , aren 't you underestimating my power ? It 's an easy thing to put pressure on the broadcast network . That 'll be impossible . You 're going to die here . You say such amusing things ! I 've researched you , down to the details . That 's why I know . That since the incident where you shot the little girl to death , you can 't even draw a gun . At least I 'll take pity on you . I 'll kill you with the same gun that killed Takahashi . Let me ask you one thing . Why are you so hostile towards boomers ? Huh ? Are you stupid ? They 're just machines . I don 't think anything of them ! But when I sing that though , there is a mountain of old men and brats who will give up their money and their lives for me ! What I want is power ! Fool ! You can die too ... This is MY world . Stop ! " Interfering with a public servant in the performance of duty . " Kimball , he ... He protected me with his body . With his steel body . Remember this before you go to hell ... Boomers were born to protect people . Michaelson ... Lend me your gun . What ? Buzz ... Takahashi ... Myers ... Angel ... and Kimball ... We need a song to send them off to heaven , right ? ♪ Sayonara wo tsugerarete ♪ ♪ Even after I was told good bye ♪ ♪ Sono kotoba kiita ato de sae ♪ ♪ And even after I had heard those words ♪ ♪ Anata no subete ga totemo itoshii ♪ ♪ I really loved everything about you ♪ ♪ Me wo tojite omoidasu ♪ ♪ The feeling of your skin ♪ ♪ Anata no hada no kanshoku ga ♪ ♪ That I close my eyes and remember ♪ ♪ Ima mo kono yubisaki de oboete iru ♪ ♪ Even now , these fingertips remember ♪ ♪ Dakedo konna ni mo moroku yowaku ♪ ♪ But it 's falling apart so easily and weakly ♪ ♪ Kuzurete yuku ♪ ♪ But it 's falling apart so easily and weakly ♪ ♪ Futari de yakusoku shita kotoba wa ♪ ♪ The words that the two of us promised ♪ ♪ Kako no koto Are in the past ♪ ♪ Namida shita ato sae mo ♪ ♪ Even after I 've cried ♪ ♪ Kawaku mama ni makasereba hora ♪ ♪ And let the tears dry where they are , listen ♪ ♪ Kuzureyuku ai no oto mune ni hibiku ♪ ♪ The sound of a crumbling love ♪ ♪ Kuzureyuku ai no oto mune ni hibiku ♪ ♪ Echoes in my heart ♪ ♪ Kodoku no yoru wo mitsume ♪ ♪ Gazing out at a lonely night ♪ ♪ Sameta karada atatamete iru ♪ ♪ Warming up my chilled body ♪ ♪ Seijaku ga itakute nukumori wa nai ♪ ♪ The silence is painful , there is no warmth ♪ ♪ Dakedo anna ni mo atsuku tsuyoku ♪ ♪ But I was loved so passionately and strongly ♪ ♪ Ai sareteta ♪ ♪ But I was loved so passionately and strongly ♪ ♪ Yume nara hayaku samete If this is a dream ♪ ♪ Yume nara hayaku samete ♪ ♪ Then I want to hurry and awaken ♪ ♪ Kokoro ga kowareteku ♪ ♪ Then I want to hurry and awaken ♪ ♪ Kokoro ga kowareteku My heart is breaking ♪ ♪ Dakedo sonna ni mo fukaku nagaku ♪ ♪ But I had thought about it so deeply ♪ ♪ Omotte ita And for so long ♪ ♪ Anata wo nakushite ikiru imi dake oshiete yo ♪ ♪ Teach me only the meaning of living without you ♪ ♪ Eien no ai nante ah An eternal love , ahh ♪ ♪ Kono yo ni aru wake nai ne ♪ ♪ There 's no way it exists in this world ♪ ♪ Wakatteru kedo wakatteru kedo ♪ ♪ I understand that , I understand that ♪ ♪ Kokoro ga tsuite yukenai yo ♪ ♪ But my heart can 't ♪ ♪ Dakedo konna ni mo moroku yowaku ♪ ♪ But it 's falling apart so easily and weakly ♪ ♪ Kuzurete yuku ♪ ♪ But it 's falling apart so easily and weakly ♪ ♪ Futari de yakusoku shita kotoba wa ♪ ♪ The words the two of us promised ♪ ♪ Kako no koto Are in the past ♪ ♪ Dakedo anna ni mo atsuku tsuyoku ♪ ♪ But I was loved so passionately and strongly ♪ ♪ Ai sareteta ♪ ♪ But I was loved so passionately and strongly ♪ ♪ Yume nara hayaku samete If this is a dream ♪ ♪ Yume nara hayaku samete ♪ ♪ Then I want to hurry up and awaken ♪ ♪ Kokoro ga kowareteku ♪ ♪ Then I want to hurry up and awaken ♪ ♪ Kokoro ga kowareteku My heart is breaking ♪ ♪ Dakedo sonna ni mo fukaku nagaku ♪ ♪ But I had thought about it so deeply ♪ ♪ Omotte ita And for so long ♪ ♪ Anata wo nakushite ikiru imi dake oshiete yo ♪ ♪ Teach me only the meaning of living without you ♪ ♪ Yamiyo ni magirete mitsukaranai ♪ ♪ I can 't spot your shadow ♪ ♪ Anata no kage ♪ ♪ It 's disappeared into the dark night ♪ ♪ Jibun wo owarasetai kokoro wo kowashite mo ♪ ♪ I want to end myself , even if it destroys my heart ♪
