 Encoded by Judas Enjoy ! ♪ Don 't ask me ♪ ♪ What you know is true ♪ ♪ Don 't have to tell you ♪ ♪ I love your precious heart ♪ ♪ I ♪ ♪ I was standing ♪ ♪ You were there ♪ ♪ Two worlds collided ♪ ♪ And they could never tear us apart ♪ ♪ We could live ♪ ♪ For a thousand years ♪ ♪ But if I hurt you ♪ ♪ I 'd make wine from your tears ♪ ♪ I told you ♪ ♪ lfwe could fly ♪ ♪ ' Cause we all have wings ♪ ♪ But some of us don 't know why ♪ ♪ I ♪ ♪ I was standing ♪ ♪ You were there ♪ ♪ Two worlds collided ♪ ♪ And they could never ♪ ♪ Ever tear us apart ♪ ♪ I 'm voting for Dukakis . Hmm . Well , maybe when you have children ofyour own ... who need braces and you can 't afford them ... because halfofyour husband 's paycheck ... goes to the federal government , you 'll regret that . My husband 's paycheck ? Anyway , I 'm not gonna squeeze one out till I 'm , like , 30 . Will you still be working at the Yarn Barn ? Because I hear that 's a great place to raise children . That 's really funny . No , I think a year of partying is enough . She 'll be going to Harvard next fall . Mom , I haven 't even gotten in yet . Do you honestly think Michael Dukakis will provide ... for this country till you 're ready to squeeze one out ? Yeah , I do . Hmm . - When can I squeeze one out ? - Not until 8th grade . - Excuse me ? - Donnie , you 're such a dick . Whoa , Elizabeth ! A little hostile there . Maybe you should be the one in therapy . Then Mom and Dad can pay someone $ 200 an hour ... to listen to all your thoughts so we don 't have to . Okay . You want to tell Mom and Dad ... whyyou stopped taking your medication ? - You 're such a fuck-ass ! - What ? - Please . - Did you just call me a " fuck-ass " ? Elizabeth , that 's enough . You can go suck a fuck . Please , tell me , Elizabeth , how does one suck a fuck ? - You want me to tell you ? - Please , tell me . We will not have this at the dinner table . Stop . Fuck . What 's a fuck-ass ? Part ofthe reason I took a year off was to be with you . Cut it . What ? How did you know ? I didn 't know it was such a big deal . It is a big deal . ♪ But I 'm frightened ofthe things I might find ♪ I 'm reading . Get out of my room . ♪ Oh , there must be something he 's thinking of ♪ Where do you go at night ? Would you just get out of my room ? Did you toilet paper theJohnsons ' house ? - Is that what you came in here to ask me ? - No . I stopped rolling houses in the sixth grade , Mom . What happened to my son ? I don 't recognize this person today . Then why don 't you start taking the goddamn pills ? ♪ Voices carry ♪ ♪ Hush , hush Keep it down now ♪ Bitch . ♪ I try so hard not to get upset ♪ ♪ ' Cause I know all the trouble I 'll get ♪ Our son just called me a bitch . You 're not a bitch . You 're bitchin ' , but you 're not a bitch . I want to be a president ofthe United States ... who makes sure that we never again do business ... with a drug-running Panamanian dictator . That we never again funnel aid to the Contras through convicted drug dealers . Values begin at the top . Dukakis ! Son ofa bitch . Those are the values I want to bring to the presidency ... and the White House beginning in January of 1 989 . Panama is a friendly country . Tell him , George ! I went down and talked to the president of Panama ... about cleaning up their money laundering . And Mr. Noriega was there , but there was no evidence at that time . When the evidence was there , we indicted him . Wake up . I 've been watching you . Come closer . Closer . Twenty-eight days , six hours , 42 minutes , 1 2 seconds . That is when the world will end . Why ? Son ? Donnie Darko ? Donnie Darko . What the heck 's going on here ? Who is it ? It 's Eddie Darko 's kid . I 'm sorry about this , Jim . He 's a neighborhood kid . Guess he was " sleepgolfing " ? Watch out for that drool spot . Are you all right , son ? So , uh , let 's stay offthe links at night , okay ? I 'm — I 'm sorry , Dr. Fisher . It wo ― It won 't happen again . I hate kids . Let 's golf . Mm-hmm . No one 's allowed through here . This is my house . I said no one 's ― This is my house ! Wait a minute . Here 's — Here 's your brother . It fell in your room . Mrs. Darko , I 'm Bob Garland . I 'm with the F.A.A. The what ? I 'm with the F.A.A. We 'd like to speak to you and your husband privately . In private ? Please . We 'll be right back . And ... here . All right . We have arranged foryou to stay at a hotel . Get some sleep and we will take care ofthings here . Great . Thankyou . Kids , come on , we 're going to a hotel . They don 't know where it came from . Where 's pops ? He 's still at work . If it fell from the plane , then what happened to the plane ? They don 't know , Samantha . Is there any way we can make money from this ? Can we get on television ifwe sue the airline ? Shut up , Sam . Why do I have to sleep with Donnie ? He stinks . When you fall asleep tonight , I 'm gonna fart in your face . I 'm telling Mom . Samantha , don 't go over there . Frankie Feedler . You remember , from high school . Mm . Mm-hmm . He died . Remember ? Mm-hmm . On his way to the prom . They said he was doomed . Jesus . They could be saying the same thing about Donnie . Our Donnie . But he dodged it . Mm . He dodged his bullet , Rose . Mm . Mm . Mm-hmm . Somebody was watching over him . Mrs. Farmer will bring you home after practice . Donnie — Bye , Mom . Bye , honey . Donnie , good luck . Oh , my God ! Okay , tell me everything . I 'm not allowed to talk about it . Oh , my God . Hi , Cherita . Shut up ! Darko cheats death , huh ? You 're like a celebrity , man . I 've been , like , calling you , like , a jillion times . Where you been ? We stayed at a hotel . Hey , my dad said he sawyou at the golfcourse . You sleepwalking again there , buddy ? I don 't want to talk about it . And now that you 're famous , you gotta have a smoke . What happens ifyou tell Mom and Dad about this , Sam ? You 'll put Ariel in the garbage disposal . Goddamn right , I will . So groaty . Hey , Cherita , you want a cigarette ? - Shut up ! - Shut up ! Go back to China , bitch ! Just leave her alone . That 's some good shit , huh ? It 's a fucking cigarette . ♪ I wanted to be with you alone ♪ ♪ And talk about the weather ♪ ♪ But traditions I can trace ♪ ♪ Against the child in your face ♪ ♪ Won 't escape my attention ♪ ♪ You keep your distance with a system oftouch ♪ ♪ And gentle persuasion ♪ ♪ With one foot in the past nowjust how long will it last ♪ ♪ No , no , no Have you no ambition ♪ ♪ You keep your distance with a system oftouch ♪ ♪ And gentle persuasion ♪ ♪ I 'm lost in admiration Could I need you this much ♪ ♪ Oh , you 're wasting my time ♪ ♪ You 'rejust , just just wasting time ♪ ♪ Something happens and I 'm head over heels ♪ ♪ I never find out ♪ ♪ Till I 'm head over heels ♪ ♪ Something happens and I 'm head over heels ♪ ♪ Ah , don 't take my heart Don 't break my heart ♪ ♪ Don 't , don 't Don 't throw it away ♪ ♪ Na , na-na , na , na ♪ ♪ Na , na-na , na , na ♪ ♪ Na , na , na , na , na , na ♪ ♪ Na , na-na , na , na ♪ ♪ ln my mind 's eye ♪ ♪ One little boy One little man ♪ ♪ Funny how ♪ ♪ Time flies ♪ ♪ " There would be headlines in the papers . " Even the grown-up gangs who ran the betting at the all-in wrestling ... " and the Barrow boys would hear with respect ... " of how Old Misery 's house had been destroyed . " It was as though this plan had been ... " with him all his life , pondered through the seasons , " now in his 1 5th year crystallized ... with the pain of puberty . " What is Graham Greene trying to communicate with this passage ? Why did the children break into Old Misery 's house ? - Joanie ? - They wanted to rob him . Joanie , ifyou had actually read the short story , which , at a whopping 1 3 pages would have kept you up all night , you would know that the children ... You suck . find a great deal of money in the mattress , but they burn it . Donnie Darko , perhaps with your recent brush with mass destruction , you can give us your opinion . Well , they say it right when they flood the house , and they tear it to shreds that , like , uh , destruction is a form ofcreation . So the fact that they burn the money is ironic . Theyjust want to see what happens when they tear the world apart . They want to change things . - May we help you ? - Yeah , I just registered , and they put me in the wrong English class . You look like you belong here . Um , where do I sit ? Sit next to the boyyou think is the cutest . Quiet ! Oh , my God . Let her choose . Joanie , get up . What people don 't understand about this upcoming election is that ... Michael Dukakis does not have the financial infrastructure in place to defeat ― ♪ Sound oftheir breath fades ♪ Well , the construction guys say it will take ... about a week to fix the roof . Damned airline better not fuck us on the shingle match . They still don 't know ? - Know what ? - Where it came from . Oh . No . Apparently they can 't tell us what happened yet . Something about a — a matching serial number that got burned . I had to sign a form saying I wouldn 't talk to anyone about it . So , we 're not supposed to tell anyone what nobody knows ? Yeah . But you tell — - What 's your doctor 's name ? - Dr. Thurman , Dad . Yes . You tell Dr. Thurman whateveryou want . - Dad ? - What ? Dad ! What 's that woman doing standing out ... in the middle ofthe damn road ? No mail today . Maybe tomorrow . Well ? What did she say to you ? - I made a new friend . - Real or imaginary ? - Imaginary . - Would you like to talk about this friend ? Frank . Frank . - What did Frank say ? - He said to follow him . Follow him ? Where ? into the future . And then what happens ? And then he said — Then he said that the world was coming to an end . Do you think the world is coming to an end ? No . That 's stupid . For my entire life , I was a victim of my own fear . Love . I was feeding fear with food . Fear . And finally , I looked in the mirror . Notjust in the mirror , I looked through the mirror . In that image ... I saw my ego reflection . For two years , I thought it was normal ... for a 10-year-old to wet the bed . We tried everything . Shh ! Quiet . But the solution was there all the time . I 'm not afraid anymore ! All over America ... people have come together tojoin hands . People who believe ... that human life ... is absolutely too important , too valuable and too precious ... to be controlled by fear . Pay close attention . You could miss something . Hello , my name is Jim Cunningham . And welcome to " Controlling Fear . " " And the prince was led into a world ... ofstrange and beautiful magic . " Wow . Donnie ! " ' The Last Unicorn' by Samantha Darko . " Give it back ! " There was once a unicorn named Ariel . " Donnie ! You wrinkled it . It 's not wrinkled , Sam . Just flatten it in a book or something . It 's almost 7 : 45 . The bus should have been here , like , 20 minutes ago . Maybe " Martha Move Funny " went nuts and hijacked the bus . Hey , you know , there 's , like , this rule . At 7 : 45 , we get to go home . There 's no rule . Cherita . You should go home . Yeah , ifyou 're still here and the bus comes ... we 're all gonna get in trouble . - Shut up ! - Shut up ! Hey , Porky Pig , I hope you get molested . I can 't believe this ! My mom said that school is closed today because it 's flooded . No way . Yeah . Holy shit ! That 's the best news I 've ever heard ! My God , is this ever going to stop ? Eventually , yes , it will . But right now I got 1 2 classrooms full ofwater ... all coming from a busted water main . What else ? What else ? Principal Cole , I 'll show you what else . That 's unbelievable . That 's solid bronze , isn 't it ? Yep . How did this happen ? I heard a cat burglar broke in and trashed everything . And the mongrel got his head cut off . It 's true . Beth 's mom said the boys ' locker room ... was flooded and they found feces everywhere . What are feces ? Baby mice . Aww . Hey . Has anyone ever told you that you 're sexy ? I like your boobs . - Hey . - Hey . School was canceled . Do you want to walk me home ? Sure . Don 't look so freaked . I 'm not . You should check your backpack . Those guys like to steal shit . Yeah . Fuck ' em ! So , why did you move here ? My parents got a divorce . My mom had to get a restraining order against my stepdad . He has emotional problems . Oh , I have those too . What kind of emotional problems does your dad have ? He stabbed my mom four times in the chest . Oh . Did he go tojail ? No , he fled . They still can 't find him . But my mom and I had to change our names . And I thought " Gretchen Ross " was really cool . Yeah . I was in jail once . I mean — I accidentally burned down this house . It was abandoned , but still — I got held back in school and I can 't drive until I 'm 21 . You know ? But I 'm over all ofthat . I 'm painting and stuff . Writing . I want to be a writer . Or maybe a painter , maybe both . I 'll write a book and draw the pictures . Then maybe people will understand me . I don 't know , change things . " Donnie Darko . " What the hell kind of name is that ? It 's like some sort of superhero or something . What makes you think I 'm not ? Look , I should go . For physics , Monnitoff is having me write this essay . " Greatest Invention Ever To Benefit Mankind . " It 's Monnitoff . But that 's easy . Antiseptics . The whole sanitation thing . Joseph Lister , 1 895 . Before antiseptics , there was no sanitation , especially in medicine . You mean , soap ? Well , I 'm really glad school was flooded today . Why is that ? Because you and I never would have had this conversation . You 're weird . Sorry . No , that was a compliment actually . Well , look ― You want to go with me ? Where do you want to go ? I mean , like , " go " with me . It 's what we call it here . " Going together . " Sure . Okay . Hey , where are you going ? I 'm going home . So stupid ! " Where are you going ? " I 'd like to try something new this time . Have you ever been hypnotized ? No . And when I clap my hands twice , you will wake up . Do you understand ? Yes . So , tell me about your week . I met a girl . What is her name ? Gretchen . We 're going together now . Do you still think about girls a lot ? Yeah . How are things going at school ? I think about girls a lot . I asked you about school , Donnie . I think about fucking a lot during school . What else do you think about during school ? Married with Children . Do you think about your family ? I just turn down the volume ... and think about fucking Christina Applegate . I asked you about your family , Donnie . No . I don 't think about fucking my family . That 's gross . I 'd like to hear about your friend Frank . Sam Bylan ? Cherita Chen . Donald Darko . Daye Dennis . Hey , you fuck ! Did you tell them that I flooded the school ? I didn 't say shit . That 's not what I heard . They think I did it . Yeah , well , ifyou 're innocent ... then you have nothing to worry about , right ? Fuckyou ! You know what I think ? I thinkyou did it . Beer and pussy . That 's all I need . We gotta find ourselves a Smurfette . - Smurfette ? - Mm-hmm . Not some , like , tight-ass Middlesex chick , you know ? Like , this cute little blonde that will get down and dirty with the guys . Like Smurfette does . Smurfette doesn 't fuck . That 's bullshit . Smurfette fucks all the other Smurfs . Why do you think Papa Smurf made her ? Because all the other Smurfs were getting too horny . No , no , no , not " Vanity . " I heard he was a homosexual . Okay , well , you know what ? Then she fucks them while Vanity watches . Okay ? What about Papa Smurf ? - He must get in on the action . - Yeah , what he does , he films the gang-bang . Later on , he beats off to the tape . First ofall , Papa Smurfdidn 't create Smurfette . Gargamel did . She was sent in as Gargamel 's evil spy ... with the intention ofdestroying the Smurfvillage . But the overwhelming goodness ... ofthe Smurfway of life transformed her . And as for the whole gang-bang scenario — It just couldn 't happen . Smurfs are asexual . They don 't even have reproductive organs under those little white pants . That 's what 's so illogical , you know , about being a Smurf . What 's the point of living ... ifyou don 't have a dick ? Damn it , Donnie . Why do you gotta get so smart on us ? Grandma Death . Excuse me ! Excuse me ! Please stay offthe road , Miss Sparrow . Ifthis happens again , I am going to call Social Services . God , I hate that Mrs. Farmer . Watch your step . That 's it . She 's such a fucking bitch . There you are . That 's a girl . Yeah . How old is Grandma Death ? 101 . Huh . She does the same thing every day . Just walks back and forth ... and back and forth to the mailbox . Nothing ever in there . Oh , wait , wait , wait . She goes ― She 's going back to the box . Oh ! We may still have mail . Mail , mail , mail . Here it is . And ? This could be it . Oh ! No dice , Grandma . No , sorry . Sorry . No ! Someone ought to write that bitch . Authorities continued ... their search today for a suspect in the Middlesex Ridge School vandalism . The private school has asked for public donations ... to help restore its beloved mascot , known only as " The Mongrel . " ln other news ― You 'll find this very helpful . So glad there 's a good turnout tonight . What are you trying to accomplish here ? There was urine and feces flooded in my office . Whatever fits . Whatever fits ? ln cooperation with the county police ... we have begun an active investigation ... into the cause ofthe flooding . And our suspects include several ofour own students ― I want to know why this filth ... is being taught to our children . Kitty , I would appreciate ― If you would wait — Dr. Cole , not only am I a teacher , but I am also a parent ofa Middlesex child . Therefore I am the only person here ... who transcends the parent-teacher bridge . Don 't worry . You got away with it . I have in my hand Graham Greene 's " The Destructors . " This short story is part of my daughter 's English assignment . ln this story , several children ... destroy an elderly man 's house from inside out . How can you do that ? And how do they do this ? They flood the house ... by breaking through a water main . I can do anything I want . And so can you . And I think that this garbage should be removed . Excuse me . What is the real issue here ? - The P.T.A. doesn 't ban books . - The P.T.A. is here to acknowledge ... that pornography is being taught in our curriculum ! - It 's meant to be ironic . - Excuse me . You need to go back to grad school . Why did you make me flood the school ? They are in great danger . Kitty , do you even know who Graham Greene is ? I think we have all seen Bonanza . Well , um — Thank you . While we are on other topics ― Where did you come from ? Do you believe in time travel ? Who are you talking to ? I wasjust taking my pills , Sam . " ' A storm is coming , ' Frank says . " ' A storm that will swallow the children . " ' And I will deliver them from the kingdom of Bane . " ' I 'll deliver the children back to their doorsteps . " ' I 'll send the monsters back to the underground . " ' I 'll send them back to a place where no one else can see them ... " ' except for me , 'cause I am Donnie Darko . " ' Who 's Frank ? A six-foot tall bunny rabbit . Yeah , right . In these modern times ... our attitudinal beliefs are so delicate , so fragile . I have had a cunning vision . This vision has released me . It 's important that our lifeline be rejuvenated ... so that we can breathe again . It 's time to breathe . It is time to breathe . Thankyou , Jim Cunningham ! Thank you , Jim Cunningham . So now let us begin lifeline exercise number one . Please press " stop " now . As you can see , the lifeline is divided into two polar extremes . Fear and love . Fear is in the negative energy spectrum . And love is in the positive energy spectrum . No duh . Excuse me ? " No duh " is a product offear . Now , on each card is a character dilemma ... which applies to the lifeline . Please ― Take this ! Thankyou . Please read each character dilemma aloud ... and place an " X " ... on the lifeline in the appropriate place . Cherita ? " Juanita has an important math test today . " She has known about the test for several weeks ... " but has not studied . " In order to keep from failing her class , Juanita decides that she will cheat on the math test . " Good , good . Very good . Mr. Darko . " Ling Ling finds a wallet on the ground filled with money . " She takes the wallet to the address on the driver 's license ... but keeps the money inside the wallet . " I 'm — I 'm sorry , Mrs. Farmer . I don 't get this . Just place an " X " on the lifeline in the appropriate place . No . I know what to do . I just — I don 't get this . You can 't lump things into two categories . Things aren 't that simple . The lifeline is divided that way . Well , life isn 't that simple . I mean , who cares if Ling Ling ... returns the wallet and keeps the money ? It has nothing to do with either fear or love . Fear and love are the deepest of human emotions . Okay . But you 're not listening to me . There are other things that need to be taken into account here , like the whole spectrum of human emotion . You can 'tjust lump everything into these two categories ... and then just deny everything else . Ifyou don 't complete the assignment , you 'll get a zero for the day . Donald , let me preface this by saying ... that your Iowa test scores are ... intimidating . So ... let 's go over this again . What exactly did you say to Mrs. Farmer ? I 'll tell you what he said ! He asked me to forcibly insert the lifeline exercise card into my anus ! These are modern times . My political attitudes are forthright . And if there 's a vice-presidential candidate ... worthy of my vote , it has to be Dan Quayle . Yeah . Nobody cares about responsibility , morality , family values . Mm-hmm . Kitty ― - Excuse us , please . - Hmph . They 've suspended him from after-school activities ... for the next six months . Ever since this jet engine fiasco , I honestly don 't know what 's gotten into him . Rose , I 'll tell you this because our daughters ... have been on the dance team together for two years , and I respect you as a woman . After witnessing your son 's behavior this afternoon , I have significant doubts about your ― Our paths through life must be righteous . I urge you to go home and look in the mirror ... and pray that your son doesn 't succumb to the path offear . Wait . Do you remember ... that weird gym teacher Mrs. Farmer ? Yeah . Okay , well , my brother ... told her to shove a book up her ass today . And then my parents just bought him all this new shit . Yeah , I know . I wish a jet engine would fall in my room . Yeah . Dr. Monnitoff ? Donnie . Um , I know this is gonna sound kind ofweird , but , uh , do you know anything about , um , time travel ? Ah , a wormhole with an Einstein-Rosen bridge , which is , theoretically , a wormhole in space ... controlled by man . So , according to Hawking , a wormhole may be able to provide a shortcut ... forjumping between two distant regions ofspace-time . So in order to travel back in time , you have to have ... a big spaceship or something that can travel faster than the speed of light ? Theoretically . And be able to find one ofthese wormholes ? The basic principles oftime travel are there . You 've got your vessel and your portal , and your vessel could be just about anything , most likely a spacecraft . Like a Delorean ? Metal craft ofany kind . You know , I love that movie , the way they shot it . It 's so , um , like , futuristic , you know ? Listen , um , don 't tell anybody that I gave you this . The woman who wrote this used to teach here . She was a nun manyyears before that , but , uh , then overnight , shejust — she became this entirely different person . She up and left the Church . She wrote this book . She started teaching science , right here at Middlesex . The Philosophy ofTime Travel . Roberta Sparrow ? That 's right . Come on . Roberta Sparrow ? Roberta Sparrow . " Grandma Death . " It 's called The Philosophy ofTime Travel . What does philosophy have to do with time travel ? Let me see . Guess who wrote it . Who ? Roberta Sparrow ? Huh . She wrote a book . " Grandma Death " wrote a book . That 's a terrible nickname . We almost hit her with the car the other day . She lives up there in that piece ofcrap house . And you know she 's loaded . She 's — Yeah , you 're right . She used to be known for her gem collection . Kids ... used to go up there all the time and try to steal stufffrom her . She became a total recluse . Huh . I didn 't even know she was alive ... till we damn near knocked her down the other day . She wasjust standing there ... in the middle of the road , frozen . So I got out ofthe car ... and I walked over to see ifshe was okay . And she leaned over and whispered in my ear . - What did she say ? - I think Frank wants me to go talk to her , because the last time I saw him ... he asked me if I knew about time travel . She wrote a book about it , so that can 't be a coincidence , right ? Donnie , what did Roberta Sparrow say to you ? She said that every living creature on Earth dies alone . How did that make you feel ? It reminded me of my dog Callie . She died when I was eight , and she crawled underneath the — the porch . To die ? To be alone . Do you feel alone right now ? Oh , I don 't know . I mean , I 'd like to believe I 'm not , but I just — I 'vejust never seen any proof , so I — I just don 't debate it anymore , you know ? It 's like I could spend my whole life ... debating it over and over again , weighing the pros and cons . And in the end , I still wouldn 't have any proof . So I just — I just don 't debate it anymore . It 's absurd . The search for God is absurd ? It is ifeveryone dies alone . Does that scare you ? I don 't want to be alone . And so his tapes have made me realize ... that for the last 39 years , I have been a prisoner of my own fear . Fear ? Rose , you have got to meet this Jim Cunningham . I can 't believe he 's single . And it has been a disappointing night ... indeed for these Super Bowl champions . You 're right , Dan . Coach Joe Gibbs is on the sidelines , water dripping off his glasses , but he 's gotta be thinking , " What happened ? What went wrong tonight ? " And here 's the kick ― lt 's no good . You — Shit . We need a quarterback . And a miracle . We need to go for a safety . So what the future holds for this Super Bowl M.V.P. , we 'rejust gonna have to wait and see . You guys want anything ? By the way , this week , on a special Who 's the Boss ? ... starring Tony Danza and Judith Light , Samantha borrows Tony 's van ... and gets caught without a license . We gotta make sure we don 't miss that one , huh ? Here we are again . Fourth down now . There 's the kick . Deep into the end zone . Okay , let 's not forget tomorrow we 're meeting ... with our partners for the Young lnventors Fair . What happened to your neck ? The blood on your neck . I don 't want to talk about it . So , uh , what are we gonna invent ? And what ifyou could go back in time ... and take all those hours of pain and darkness ... and replace them with something better ? Like images orwhat ? Yeah , like a Hawaiian sunset or the Grand Canyon ? Just things that remind you of how beautiful the world — We 've been going together for , like , two weeks . Yeah ? Well , I , uh — I — Uh — You wanna kiss me ? I — I 'm sorry . Look , Donnie , wait . I like you a lot . I just want it to be ... at a time when it — When what ? When it reminds mejust — When it reminds you how beautiful the world can be ? Yeah . And right now there 's some fat guy over there staring at us . I don 't think telling any woman to forcibly insert an object up her anus ... is something that should go without consequence . I think we should buy him a moped . I think we should get a divorce . You aren 't gonna tell Mom , are you ? Why would I tell Mom ? 'Cause you tell Mom everything . No , I don 't . Let me see it . No , it 's not finished . It 's okay . It 's cool . That 's scary . You think ? Thankyou for seeing us at such late notice . We 've both felt that it was time ... for us to come in and discuss — What I think is going on with your son ? Yes . Um — Well , he 's , um — You know about his past , and he was suspended from school for insulting his gym teacher . I 'm not really sure that 's a good example . I think he had just cause to insult her . Rose , let mejust lay out what I believe is happening here . Donnie 's aggressive behavior , his increased detachment from reality ... seem to stem from his inability to cope ... with the forces in the world that he perceives to be threatening . Has he ever told you about his friend Frank ? - Frank ? - Yes , the giant bunny rabbit . The what ? I don 't recall ... him ever having mentioned a rabbit . Donnie is experiencing what is commonly called ... a daylight hallucination . This is a common occurrence ... among paranoid schizophrenics . What can we do ? I would like to , um , do more hypnotherapy ... and increase his medication . Whatever will help him , really , because that 's why we 're here . Wejust would like him to experience some ... relief . So ifyou think that more medication will do that , then I think we should give it a try . What is it like ? It 's complicated . Yeah . It 's like a force , you know , in your brain thatjust sends you someplace . Well , do you go someplace familiar ? No , but — Actually , each time I keep waking up farther and farther from my house . That 's scary . Donnie Darko . I know . - Good morning , you Mongrels ! - Good morning . Is that all the gusto you can muster ? I said , " Good morning ! " Good morning ! Now that 's a tiny , tiny bit better . But I can still sense some students out there ... who are actually afraid to say , " Good morning ! " Good morning ! That 's what I like to hear . Because entirely too many young men and women today ... are completely paralyzed by their fears . They surrender their bodies to the temptation ... and destruction ofdrugs , alcohol and premarital sex . Now , I 'm gonna tell you a little story today . It 's a heartbreakingly sad story ... about a young man ... whose life was completely destroyed ... by these instruments offear . A young man ... searching for love in all the wrong places . His name was Frank . I 'm moving through time . What ? Hi . My stepsister , like — - I sometimes worry that she eats too much . - Shut up , Kim ! I 'm just trying to help you . Sweetheart — Sweetheart , please . There 's absolutely no reason to be embarrassed here . Many times we eat because ... we are afraid to face our ego reflection , all right ? We find ourselves looking at the mirror ... rather than looking into and through the mirror . When we do that , we can finally see ... the reality of how beautiful we are . - Thanks . - Sure . Come on up here . Don 't be afraid . Hi . Uh , how can I find out what I want to be when I grow up ? Oh , that 's a hard one . Well , what I need you to do ... is look deep inside ofyourself , deep within your heart ... and find what it is in the world ... that makes you feel love — pure , unconditional love — and go to that . In your studies , in your athletics , in your relationships , go towards love . Thank you . Come on up . Okay . Next . What do I do to learn how to fight ? " What do I do to learn how to fight ? " Son , violence is a product offear . Learn to truly love yourself . Truly love yourself , and the world will be yours . - Okay . - Get yourself up here . All right . Good morning . Good morning . Um , how much are they paying you to be here ? Uh , excuse me ? - What is your name , son ? - Gerald . Well , Gerald , I thinkyou 're afraid . Are you telling us this stuff so we can buyyour book ? Because I gotta tell you , ifyou are , that was some ofthe worst advice I ever heard . Do you see how sad this is ? You want your sister to lose weight ? Tell her to get offthe couch , stop eating Twinkies and maybe go out for field hockey . You know what ? No one ever knows what they want to be when they grow up . It takes a little while to find that out . Right , Jim ? And you . Yeah , you . Sick ofsomejerk shoving your head down the toilet ? Well , you know what ? Maybe you should lift some weights or take a karate lesson . And the next time he tries to do it , you kick him in the balls . - Son — Do you see this ? - Right ? - This is an anger prisoner . A textbook example . - Anger prisoner . Do you see the fear , people ? This boy is scared to death ofthe truth . Son , it breaks my heart to say this , but I believe you are a very troubled and confused young man . I believe you are searching for the answers in all the wrong places . You 're right , actually . I am pretty — I 'm pretty troubled ... and I 'm pretty confused , but I — And I 'm afraid . Really , really afraid . Really afraid . But l-I thinkyou 're the fucking Antichrist . It 's amazing , you know ? The man thinks he 's telling the truth , and everything he says ... isjust a fucking lie . Everything he says ! Everyone thinks he 's so rad . He 's such a fucking chud . Everything he does ― Are you okay ? Yeah . Sit down . Calm down . You ever hear ofGrandma Death ? Who ? The Philosophy ofTime Travel . What is this ? She wrote it . I 'm — I 've been seeing stuff . Like , a lot of really messed up stuff . And there are chapters in that book that describe the stuff I 've been seeing , and it can 'tjust be a coincidence . She 's gotta be in here somewhere . She never leaves this house . Well , maybe she 's asleep . Donnie , look . Send her a letter . Well , each vessel travels along a vector ... through space-time along its center of gravity . Like a spear . I beg your pardon ? Like a spear that comes out ofyour chest . Um , sure . Yeah . And in order for the vessel to travel through time , it 's got to find a portal , or in this case a wormhole — Well , could these portals , um — Could these portals just appear , uh , anywhere , anytime ? I think that 's highly unlikely . No , I think what you 're talking about is , um , an act ofGod . IfGod controls time , then all time is pre-decided . I 'm not following you . Every living thing follows along a set path . And ifyou could see your path or channel , then you could see into the future , right ? Like , uh — It 's a form oftime travel . Well , you 're-you 're contradicting yourself , Donnie . Ifwe were able to see our destinies manifest themselves visually , then we would be given a choice to betray our chosen destinies . And the mere fact that this choice exists ... would make all preformed destiny , uh , come to an end . Not ifyou travel within God 's channel . Um , I 'm not going to be able to continue this conversation . Why ? I could lose myjob . Okay . It gives me no pleasure to deny you ... the right to read one ofthe great writers ofthe 20th century . But , alas , I have not yet been elected queen ofthe universe , so I must obey the rules , and so will you . So , anyone seen in this school reading this book ... will be suspended . But not to worry . Someone has already preordered a dozen copies ... at the Sarasota Mall bookstore . ln Mr. Greene 's absence , we will now be reading another classic — Watership Down by Richard Adams . Here , Donnie . Be sure to pass these back . Maybe you and Frank can read this one together . Now you know where he lives . And they grow out of our chest ― Solar plexus ? Just like she described in the book . The way they moved and they smelled — It 's like ― like they 're workers ... assigned to each one of us . Theyjust — They 're like liquid . You know , l-l followed it ... into my parents ' bedroom . What did you find ? Nothing . So we call them I.M.G. ' s . Infant memory generators . Yeah , so the idea is that you buy these glasses foryour infant , and they wear them at night when they sleep . But inside the glasses are these slide photographs , and each photograph is of something peaceful or beautiful . Whatever the parents want to put inside . And what effect do you think that this would have on an infant ? Well , the thing is , nobody remembers their infancy . Anyone who says they do is lying . So we think this will help develop memory earlier in life . Yeah . Did you stop and think that maybe infants need darkness ? That maybe darkness is part oftheir natural development ? No . Mm-mmm . Yeah . What ifthe parents , like , put in pictures ofSatan ? Or , like , dead people ? Crap like that . Is that what you 'd show your kids ? Uh , well , I mean , didn 't your dad , like , stab your mom ? Get out . Gretchen ! Gretchen . Gretchen . I 'm sorry about those guys . Twofor Evil Dead , please . That 'll be two dollars . Why are you wearing that stupid bunny suit ? Why are you wearing that stupid man suit ? Take it off . What happened to your eye ? Why do they call you Frank ? It is the name of my father ... and his father before me . Frank ? When 's this gonna stop ? You should already know that . I want you to watch the movie screen . There 's something I want to show you . Have you ever seen a portal ? Burn it to the ground . Okay , now , girls , I want you to concentrate . Failure is not an option . And , Bethany , ifyou feel the need to vomit up there , just swallow it . Okay , Mom . Hey , you guys , good luck out there . Now , that was really something . Thankyou , Cherita Chen , with " Autumn Angel . " And now , the moment we 've all been waiting for is here . It is my very distinct pleasure to introduce to you ... Emily Bates , Suzy Bailey , Samantha Darko , Beth Farmer and JoanieJames . They are Sparkle Motion . ♪ No , no Notorious , notorious ♪ ♪ No , no Notorious ♪ ♪ I can 't read about it ♪ ♪ Burns the skin from your eyes ♪ ♪ I 'll do fine without it ♪ ♪ Here 's one you don 't compromise ♪ ♪ Lies come hard to disguise ♪ ♪ Led me to fight it out not wild about it ♪ ♪ Lay your seedyjudgments ♪ ♪ Who says they 're part ofour lives ♪ ♪ You own the money you control the witness ♪ ♪ I hearyou 're lonely Don 't monkey with my business ♪ ♪ You pay the profits tojustify your reasons ♪ ♪ I heard your promise but I don 't believe it ♪ ♪ That 's why I 'll do it again ♪ ♪ No , no Notorious ♪ How long was I asleep for ? The whole movie . Well , look what the cat dragged in . Howyou doin ' , Donnie ? Your little sister was brokenhearted ... that you missed her big show last night . Dad ? Hmm ? I 'm crazy . You 're not crazy . I used to be crazy . But you 're not crazy . Look . You 're my only son . I know — No , no . Hold it . I-I know I 'm not the best communicator , but ... whatever happens to you , be honest , tell the truth , even ifthey do look at you funny . They will . But what you gotta understand , Son , is that almost all ofthose people are full ofshit . They 're all part ofthis great big conspiracy of bullshit . And they 're scared of people like you , because those bullshitters know that you 're smarter than all ofthem . You know what you say to people like that ? Hmm ? " Fuckyou . " The blaze was extinguished sometime after 8 : 00 last night . Now , firefighters discovered what has been referred to ... as a " kiddie porn dungeon . " Cunningham , who has become a recent celebrity ... for his books and motivational tapes , was arrested early this morning ... Oh , my God ! while golfing at the Sarasota Heights Country Club . Arson has not been ruled out as part ofthe cause ofthe fire . Oh , my God . A group of Cunning Vision employees — Dad played golf with that guy . ... vehemently denied the alleged link ... to a child pornography publishing circuit . ln a vicious statement Connie attacked the Middlesex fire department officials , claiming a vast conspiracy . I 'm sorry , Karen . This is a progressive school , but we don 't feel the methods you 've undertaken here are appropriate . What exactly about my methods are inappropriate ? I am sorry that you have failed . Now ifyou 'll excuse me , I have another appointment . You can finish out the week . Fuck ! Good afternoon . It gives me great pleasure to announce ... that the Middlesex Ridge school dance team ... has been invited to perform ... on Ed McMahon 's Star Search ' 88 ... in Los Angeles , California . I know now the terrible things coming . What do you mean ? The field . The field . It 's covered with blood . Blood ? That was ― All right . All right , Fiver . It 's getting dark . I think we should get back to the burrow . Back to the burrow ? It 'll come there . Don 't think it won 't . It ― lt 's all around us . Now stop it , Fiver . W-W-We 'vegot to go away from here . When the other rabbits hear of Fiver 's vision , do they believe him ? Why should we care ? Because the rabbits are us , Donnie . Why should I mourn for a rabbit like it was human ? Are you saying that the death ofone species is less tragic than another ? Ofcourse . The rabbit 's not like us . It has no history books , no photographs , no knowledge ofsorrow or regret . I mean , I 'm sorry , Miss Pomeroy . Don 't get me wrong . I like rabbits and all . They 're cute and they 're horny . And ifyou 're cute and you 're horny , then you 're probably happy ... that you don 't know who you are or whyyou 're even alive . You just want to have sex as many times as possible before you die . I just don 't see the point in crying over a dead rabbit , you know , who never even feared death to begin with . You 're wrong . These rabbits can talk . They 're the product ofthe author 's imagination . And he cares for them , so we care for them . Otherwise , we 'vejust missed the point . Aren 't we forgetting about the miracle ofstorytelling ? The deus ex machina ? The God machine ? That 's what saved the rabbits . No , it was ridiculous . I 'll call you back . Rose . Kitty . I 'm sure that you 're aware ofthe horrible allegations againstJim Cunningham . I know . I saw it on TV . Something about a " kiddie porn dungeon . " Please , please ! Don 't use those words ! It 's obviously some kind ofconspiracy to destroy an innocent man . And I have taken it upon myselfto spearhead ... theJim Cunningham defense campaign . Rose , I have to appear at his arraignment tomorrow morning . And as you know , the girls are scheduled to leave for Los Angeles in the morning . Now , as their coach , I was the obvious choice ... to chaperone them on their trip , but — But now , you can 't go . Yes . Hmm . Now , believe me , ofall the other mothers , I would never dream ofasking you . But none ofthe other mothers are available to go . I don 't know , Kitty . It 's a bad weekend . Eddie 's in New York . Rose ! I don 't know ifyou realize ... what an opportunity this is for our daughters ! This has been a dream ofSamantha 's and all ofours for a long time . I made her lead dancer ! Sometimes I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion . Elizabeth will be in charge . She 'll drive you to therapy . And if you need anything , you promise me ... that you will call Dr. Thurman ? Okay . How 's it feel to have a wacko for a son ? It feels wonderful . Here . I 'm sorry . Here you are . Oh . Hey , you guys are gonna win . I know it . So do I . Here 's the keys to the Taurus . There 's tons offood in the fridge . And I left money on the kitchen table . And do not forget to — Mom , go . You 're gonna miss your plane . Come on , Mom . Mom . Hey , I-I 'm just — There 's nothing broken in my brain . I know . Bye , Donnie . Oh . Okay , go . Go . Go ! Bye . Hello , Donnie . It 's Friday . Shouldn 't you be off with your friends ... scaring old people ? What 's going on ? I don 't know . That 's a good question . Suffice to say , I 'm no longer your English teacher . They fired me . That 's bullshit . You 're the only good teacher here . Thank you . What 's " cellar door " ? This famous linguist once said that ... ofall the phrases in the English language , ofall the endless combinations ofwords ... in all of history , that " cellar door " is the most beautiful . " Cellar door " ? I promise that one day , everything 's gonna be better foryou . Shut up ! I want to talk about your past today . No . I want to talk about ... you and your parents . They didn 't buy me what I wanted for Christmas . What did you want for Christmas that year ? Hungry , Hungry Hippos . How did you feel , being denied these Hungry , Hungry Hippos ? Regret . What else makes you feel regret ? That I did it again . You did it again ? I flooded my school , and I burned down that pervert 's house . I only have a few days left before they catch me . Did Frank tell you to do these things ? I have to obey him . He saved my life . I have to obey him , or I 'll be left all alone . And then — And then I won 't be able to figure out what this is all about . I won 't be able to know his master plan . Do you mean God 's master plan ? Do you now believe in God ? I have the power to build a time machine . How is that possible ? How is time travel possible ? Donnie ? Time 's up , Frank said . When is this going to happen ? S-S-Soon . Soon . What is going to happen ? Frank is gonna kill . Who is he going to kill ? Who is he going to kill , Donnie ? I can see him right now ! The sky is gonna open up . Ifthe sky were to suddenly open up , there would be no law , there would be no rule . There would only be you and your memories ― the choices you 've made ... and the people you 've touched . Ifthis world were to end , there would only be you and him ... and no one else . You can stop taking your medication . They 're placebos . Just pills made out ofwater . Thankyou . Donnie . An atheist is someone who denies altogether the existence ofGod . You 're an agnostic . An agnostic is someone ... who believes that there can be no proof ofthe existence ofGod , but does not deny a possibility ... that God exists . Good-bye , Dr. Thurman . ♪ Don 't Don 't you go ♪ ♪ Won 't you stay with me one more day ♪ ♪ Ooh , ifwe get the room one more night ♪ Hey . ♪ ♪ I got in . I 'm going to Harvard . Hey , we should totally throw a party . I mean , Mom and Dad are gone , and , like , it 's Halloween Carnival . We could totally get away with it . Okay . But it has to be small , all right ? We got eggs , water balloons and a dozen rolls oftoilet paper . I stole four beers from my dad . Well , we got a keg . Keg beer is for pussies . Rose , this is Lilian Thurman . It is extremely important that you call me ... as soon as you get this message . Thankyou . Hey . You okay ? Yeah , my mom 's gone . You wanna come in ? ♪ Love ♪ ♪ Love will tear us apart ♪ I don 't know . She ― She didn 't leave a note , and the house was all messed up . But you 're okay ? Did you call the cops ? Yeah . They said I should leave the house ... and that I should go to a safe place . I 'm just so scared . I keep thinking ... something awful is happening , and — It 's my fucking stepdad , I — I know it . I guess some people arejust born with tragedy in their blood . Hey , have you guys seen Frank ? No . I think they said they were going on a beer run . If you 're there , please pick up . Oh , well . Good news . The girls , they got three and a halfstars , and they get to come back for the quarterfinals . Samantha was amazing . Anyway , um , we 're gonna take the red-eye back tonight , and we ought to arrive ― Mom , the plane 's about to leave . Yeah . Okay . We 'll take the red-eye back tonight . We should arrive around 8 : 30 in the morning . Um , I hope everything 's — I hope everything 's all right . I love you . Bye . ♪ Fate ♪ ♪ Up against yourwill ♪ ♪ Through the thick and thin ♪ ♪ He will wait until ♪ ♪ You give yourselfto him ♪ ♪ You give yourself to him ♪ ♪ Fate ♪ ♪ Up against yourwill ♪ Come with me . Where are we going ? Donnie . Look , we gotta go . Where ? We have to see Grandma Death . Why ? Is this about the book ? No , it 's Frank . Donnie — Time is running out ! We gotta go . What — Donnie , nobody 's here . Let 'sjust forget about it . Huh . " Cellar door . " What ? Oh , my God ! Donnie ! Donnie ! Donnie ! Why the fuck are you here ? Hey ! Oh , my God ! You 're dead ! What do we do ? - Oh , shit ! - Leave him alone ! Don 't fucking move ! Don 't fucking move ! What did I say ? There 's a car . Get the hell out of here ! Now ! Come on ! Seth , there 's a car coming ! Let 's go ! I have a bigger knife now . Fuck ! Did you call the fucking cops ? - Deus ex machina . - What did you just say ? - What the fuck did you just say ? - Our savior . Donnie ! Frank ― Is she dead ? What were you guys doing in the middle ofthe road , huh ? What are you thinking ? Go home ! Go home and tell your parents everything 's gonna be okay ! Go ! A storm is coming . You must hurry . Five , four , three , two , one , zero . I 'm going home . At this time , please return all seat backs and tray tables ... to their upright and locked positions . Once again , return all seat backs ... to their upright and locked positions . 17-24 , switch back to base . All units should be back on base frequency . [ Chatter On Radio ] " Dear Roberta Sparrow , " l 've reached the end of your book , " and there are so many things I need to ask you . " Sometimes I 'm afraid ofwhat you might tell me . " Sometimes I 'm afraid that you 'll tell me that ... " this is not a work offiction . " l can only hope that the answers ... " will come to me in my sleep . " l hope that when the world comes to an end , " l can breathe a sigh of relief , because there will be so much to look forward to . " ♪ All around me are familiar faces ♪ ♪ Worn out places ♪ ♪ Worn out faces ♪ ♪ Bright and early for their daily races ♪ ♪ Going nowhere ♪ ♪ Going nowhere ♪ ♪ Their tears are filling up their glasses ♪ ♪ No expression ♪ ♪ Hide my head I want to drown my sorrow ♪ ♪ No tomorrow ♪ ♪ And I find it kind offunny ♪ ♪ I find it kind ofsad ♪ ♪ The dreams in which I 'm dying are the best I 've ever had ♪ ♪ I find it hard to tell you ♪ ♪ I find it hard to take ♪ ♪ When people run in circles it 's a very , very ♪ ♪ Mad world ♪ ♪ Children waiting for the day they feel good ♪ ♪ Happy birthday ♪ ♪ Made to feel the way that every child should ♪ ♪ Sit and listen ♪ ♪ Went to school and I was very nervous ♪ ♪ No one knew me ♪ ♪ Hello , teacher Tell me what 's my lesson ♪ ♪ Look right through me ♪ ♪ And I find it kind offunny ♪ ♪ I find it kind ofsad ♪ ♪ The dreams in which I 'm dying are the best I 've ever had ♪ ♪ I find it hard to tell you ♪ ♪ I find it hard to take ♪ ♪ When people run in circles it 's a very , very ♪ ♪ Mad world ♪ ♪ Enlarging your world ♪ ♪ Mad world ♪ ♪ Hey . What 's going on ? Horrible accident . My neighbor , he got killed . What happened ? Got smushed by a jet engine . What was his name ? Donnie . Donnie Darko . Hmm . I feel bad for his family . Yeah . Did you know him ? No . ♪ Oh , say , can you see ♪ ♪ By the dawn 's early light ♪ ♪ What so proudly we hailed ♪ ♪ At the twilight 's last gleaming ♪ ♪ Whose broad stripes and bright stars ♪ ♪ Through the perilous fight ♪ ♪ O 'er the ramparts we watched ♪ ♪ Were so gallantly streaming ♪ ♪ And the rockets ' red glare ♪ ♪ The bombs bursting in air ♪ ♪ Gave proof through the night ♪ ♪ That our flag was still there ♪ ♪ O say , does that star-spangled banner ♪ ♪ Yet wave ♪ ♪ O 'er the land ofthe free ♪ ♪ And the home ♪ ♪ Of the brave ♪ ♪
