 At the dawn of the millennium the nation collapsed At 15 % unemployment , 10 million were out of work 800,000 students boycotted school The adults lost confidence , and fearing the youth , eventually passed the Millennium Educational Reform Act V This year Zentsuji Middle School # 4 's Class E was chosen from among 43,000 Ninth grade classes This year 's game , said to be more blistering than the last ... Oh look , there ! There she is ! The winner 's a girl ! Surviving a fierce battle that raged 2 days , 7 hours and 43 minutes , the winner is a girl ! Look , she 's smiling ! Smiling ! The girl definitely just smiled ! Special Version Mom left when I was in 4th grade , and my first day of 7th grade , Dad hung himself Go Shuya ! You can make it , Shuya ! Everything was crazy I didn 't have a clue what to do , and no one to show me , either Good morning What ? I 'm sorry I 'm late and don 't know what 's going on We refuse classes - Class B Students - After that accident our teacher left the school But despite the situation , everything went on as usual And so our compulsory education was coming to an end Teacher ! Let 's go C 'mon , let 's go Sorry Nanahara ... I baked some cookies for us to share ... For you , too , Nobu For real ... Look over here Noriko 's been waiting to give them to you Megumi ! It 's okay You eat some too No , you go ahead Nakagawa , thanks for getting me to come back to school Thanks I 'm glad , too , Nobu Picture 's ready ! I 'm hardly in it ! Nakagawa ... hey ! Nobu After you Kitano ! Kitano ? Can 't be ... Okay , sit down ! Sit down ! Been a while I 'm Kitano , your 7th grade teacher I 'm taking Class B over again Let 's be friends We 've got 2 transfer students Kawada over there Kiriyama over there Be nice to them The BR Act Where the hell are we ? What 's going on here ? Who are these people ? You know this law ? No good that 's what this country 's become Wanna know why ? No whispering , damnit ! You asshole ! When someone 's talking , shut up and listen Teacher , can I go to the bathroom ? Can 't you wait a little , Chigusa ? I missed you guys Kuninobu Man , my ass hurt Before I quit , I told you not to bother coming And you really started boycotting school That 's no good You 're no good , but you thought You 'd come along on the class trip anyway , huh Listen up ! Because of folks like Kuninobu here , This country 's absolutely no good anymore So , the bigwigs got together and passed this law Battle Royale So today 's lesson is ... you kill each other off Till there 's only one left Nothing 's against the rules What 's funny ? Teacher , I don 't understand what you 're saying This can 't possibly ... Actually , your teacher Hayashida , deeply opposed the selection of Class B Now , calm down Okay , this is a no good adult You have to work hard not to become like him Time to watch the video Don 't fall asleep now The right way to fight a Battle Royale ! By the BR Act Committee Hello , everyone in Class B ! Okay , Hello You are the lucky class chosen for this year 's Battle Royale ! Congratulations ! Thank you ! Now , I 'm going to explain the rules for you Listen well to fight right and with gusto You are on a deserted island that looks like this ! It 's about 10 kilometers around but we evacuated everyone , so it 's empty ! Hugiyousi I said no whispering ! All right , move , move Sorry It 's against the rules for me to kill , isn 't it ? Girls # 18 Fujiyoushi Dead 41 To Go Noriko ! Nakagawa ! Nakagawa ! - Asshole ! - Nobu ! Nobu ! Shit ! Okay , back to the video ! The island 's divided into many zones Every six hours , your teacher 'll broadcast updates ... 4 times a day ! about which zones are becoming danger zones If you 're in those zones , you should leave quickly because the danger is ... Okay , about the necklaces you 're wearing They 're 100 % waterproof and shockproof and permanent ! It monitors your pulse , informing us of your location and movements So if you linger in a danger zone , or cause trouble , we can identify you and transmit radio waves that trigger an alarm and boom ! It explodes ! If you try to rip it off , it explodes too so promise not to try that , okay ? - You assholes ! - Shut up ! Can 't hear the video Cut it out , Nobu ! I really hate to do this ... Better run , guys What is this ! Help me ! Shuya ! Nobu ! Nobu ... Hey , Shuya , you got a crush on a girl now ? Boys # 7 Kuninobu Dead 40 To Go What a shame I looked after him in my own way What 's that look for , Nanahara ? Oh , I forgot one important thing There 's a time limit on this game ! 3 days If we haven 't got a winner after 3 days , all the necklaces automatically explode ! And no one wins As long as we 're here , let 's fight hard so that doesn 't happen ! Okay , any questions so far ? Yeah , Motobuchi If I survive , can I go home ? Sure But only if everyone else is dead Yeah , Mimura How were we chosen ? By impartial lottery One more ? Sure Why are you doing this ? It 's your own damned fault You guys mock grown-ups Go ahead and mock us , but don 't you forget Life is a game So fight for survival and find out if you 're worth it You 'l leave the room one by one But first you get a kit Inside is food and water , a map and compass A flashlight and a weapon , so check it out later , okay ? The girls might used personal items so you can all take them Each weapon is different Not just guns and knives , either It 's random , so maybe you 'll get lucky , maybe not It eliminates natural advantages This one 's super lucky ! We 've notified your parents so go for it ! Okay , you 'll be leaving by class number When I call your name I want to hear a nice big " Here ! " Boys # 1 Akamatsu Here ! The Game Begins Day One 1 : 40 AM Girls # 1 Inada Here You 're still my friend I know Boys # 2 Iijima Girls # 2 Utsumi Boys # 3 Oki Girls # 3 Elo I 'm going Noriko Megumi ... Boys # 4 Oda Girls # 4 Ogawa Boys # 5 Kawada Kawada ! Girls # 5 Kanai Boys # 6 Kiriyama On the double ! That 's my bag What the ... ? You probably guessed , but they 're a little dangerous Girls # 14 Tendo Boys # 15 Nanahara Nanahara ! I 'll wait for you ... Nanahara ... What happened ... ? What am I going to do ? What is this ? Tendo ! Don 't , Noriko ! Shit , what am I doing ! What are you doing , man ? Isn 't this yours ? It 's for real ... Boys # 1 Akamatsu Dead Girls # 14 Tendo Dead 38 To Go Arm okay ? I was frantic Let 's see It 's just a scratch I 'll wash off the blood What is this ? Fight with a lid ? And this is mine ... The bastards ... goddamnit Maybe Mimura and Sugimura and us could all escape I don 't think so Why not ? You won 't like me for saying this , but I don 't trust any of them either You ugly shrimpy nit ! Noriko Noriko - ugly shrimpy nit How about me ? You scared of me too ? You 're the only one I trust , Shuya Oh , I 'm sorry Why ? I called you Shuya , just like Nobu ... Nobu ... Hey , Shuya ... You got a crush on anyone now ? Why ? Do you ? Maybe I kind of like someone ... Who ? Noriko From our class ? Yeah , She 's a nice girl ... Right ? You agree She 's really sweet She wrote me Saying , " come back to school ... Let 's all go on the school trip together " Even if she didn 't really mean it ... It 's nice to have someone waiting for you We were roommates in the foster home after Dad died When I was bummed after I quit baseball He taught me the guitar I had to invite him ... No , he was happy he came back Really happy ... But I couldn 't help Nobu either ... He needed my help but I was helpless ... I can 't give this up I 'll take revenge for him I 'll protect you to the end , in his place Nanahara ... thank you You never got to taste those cookies , did you ... Numai 's gang took Kiriyama Not wasting time What 's this ? You got a good one Some transfer student you 're Kitano 's agent Going to make us kill each other None of us is killing anyone You better come clean now You listening ? Asshole ! Why ... Stop ... stop ! Boys # 9 Kuronaga , Boys # 10 Sasagawa Boys # 14 Tsukioka , Boys # 17 Numai , Girls # 3 Kanai Dead 33 To Go I 'm so sorry I couldn 't help you ... No , I 'm grateful you came with me What 'll happen to us I know one thing I 'll never play this game Can 't anyone help us ? Nobody can Let 's go Here goes ... Boys # 21 Yamamoto , Girls # 4 Ogawa Dead 31 To Go Mimura ... Who 's there ! Oh , it 's you , Megumi Who are you ? Mitsuko ... Gonna kill me with that stun gun ? What ? Oh , I 'm sorry I was never friendly with your clique , But you 're okay So I can come in ? Sure , come in All pictures of Mimura No ... This your weapon ? Not much use , huh ? Not necessarily One zap at somebody with a bad heart and he 's pretty much a goner You used one before ? Of course not , sorry Here Mitsuko ! Don 't ! This is my weapon , I thought it was so-so but actually it 's not so bad Found Yoshimi and Kuramoto dead next door Strung up all cozy together Not my scene I 'll never die like that ! Girls # 3 Megumi , Girls # 21 Yoshimi Boys # 8 Kuramoto Dead 28 To Go Good morning . It 's now 6 AM It 's your teacher Kitano How is everyone ? Time for sleepyheads to wake up ! Here 's the list of your dead friends in the order they died Girls # 14 Tendo , Boys # 1 Akamatsu , # 9 Kuronage , # 10 Sasagawa , # 14 Tsukioka , # 17 Numai , Girls # 5 Kenai , Boys # 21 Yamamoto Girls # 4 Ogawa Boys # 8 Kuramoto , Girls # 21 Yoshimi , # 3 Megumi Megumi ... No ... why ? Twelve dead The pace is good Now , the danger zones I 'll read off zones and times so check your maps Listen up ! Starting at 7 : 00 B-5 . That 's B-5 Next , at 8 : 00 , E-8 then at 11 : 00 , F-2 Got that ? It 's tough when friends die on you , but hang in there ! Back in touch ! Nakagawa Megumi 's This 'll be a danger zone We 've got to go south , hurry Oki ? I 'll get you ! I 'll get you ! Oki ... You okay ? I 'm sorry I 'm fine , I 'm fine ... Nanahara ! Did I kill him ? Tell me the truth You were watching Did I ? It was an accident X = - b over 2a ... Everybody 's serious , huh , fine then ... I 'll survive ... go to a good school ... Stop ! Get outta my way ! What weapons you got ? A pot lid And binoulars Everybody ! Stop fighting ! Please hear us out ! This is Kusaka , with Yukiko , On the cliffs of North Mountain Everybody come here We don 't want to fight Right , Yukiko ? We 'll figure this out together That 's the right tactic Where you going ? To bring ' em back Without weapons ? I 'm not the only deadly one All the more if they 're in danger Stop shooting ! Idiots ! Run ! That 's ... Nanahara ? That was his voice , right ? Nanahara ! Over here , come here ! Yukiko 's always had a crush on ... You idiot ... Kusaka Kusaka ! Yukiko ! Tell me it 's not true Answer me ! Kusaka ! He 'll come here next , I 'm off Go wherever you like ... You 're a murderer yourself ! Nanahara ... They were my friends ! This is crazy ! How can they just kill each other like that ! There 's a way out of this game Kill yourselves together , here , now If you can 't do that , then don 't trust anyone Boys # 3 Oki , # 20 Motobuchi Girls # 6 Yukiko # 7 Kusaka Dead 24 To Go Second Report - Noon It 's noon Everybody getting hungry ? Take a little lunch break from the killing Now for the list of who went down this morning Boys # 3 Oki , Boys # 20 Motobuchi Girls # 6 Yukiko , # 7 Kusaka Total of 4 Calling for peace was a good idea Can 't win ' em all Now for the danger zones and hours An hour from now at 13 : 00 I-4 Then from 15 : 00 E-8 , From 17 : 00 , F-1 ... Mitsuko ... Hirono Oh , great , I finally found you This your weapon , Mitsuko ? Yeah , kinda lame , huh ? Yoshimi 's dead , isn 't she ? With Kuramoto Huh , so you saw Well , I saw Megumi 's throat slit With a sickle or something Mitsuko ! You have Megumi 's weapon ? Of course not But it looked like someone was there all night Found a tampon in the toilet Megumi wasn 't having hers ... Mitsuko , you started yesterday , right ? What 's that ... Cut the crap , murderer ! Fucking all the boys ... but had to steal mine ! You were pimping Yoshimi ! Probably hung ' em both ! How can you ... You piss me off ! I 'll kill you ! C 'mon , what is this ? Stop joking , forgive me Stop faking it ! I 've had it ! Why does everybody gang up on me ? ! What did I do ? ! Think about what you did ! You think you can get away with it ? ! Cry your eyes out ! Apologize to Megumi and Yoshimi ! This was Megumi 's But this is what I was after You bitch ! Murderer ! What 's wrong with killing ? Everybody 's got their reasons Girls # 10 Hirono Dead 23 To Go Nakagawa , you okay ? I 'm okay , just a little tired You 're dripping sweat Got a terrible fever Yukiko had a crush on you , right ? What 's that got to ... Sorry , just a little jealous , is all ... There 's a clinic outside the village Can you get up ? Hey , Nakagawa ... Hey ! C 'mon now ... Pot lid and Binoculars ... Whaddaya want ? Great , even expired drugs work Can I ask you ? What ? Why did you help us ? My dad 's a doctor You can believe that or not Ready Go ! Mimura ! Sugimura ! Great , it still works How 'd you find us ? This is my weapon A sensor ? Great weapon Seen Chigusa or Kotohiki ? No , I haven 't Right ... I 'm off Already ? Sugimura , there may be a way out Won 't you help us ? Sorry , but I 've got to see them If you find Nanahara tell ' em where we are Right Always was a loner Why 's he got to find Chigusa and Kotohiki ? I thought he was into Chigusa Shit , so that 's their trick ! What is it ? They 're listening A mic in the necklace Here 's your mission Find the following : 1 . Fertilizer 2 . Pesticide 3 . Charcoal 4 . Sulfur 5 . Kerosene Hey , what is this ! Just go ! Hey , Chigusa , how far can you run ? I 'll always run in front of you Then I 'll always protect you Promise ? Hiroki Hey , Chigusa What are you doing ? Still practicing ? Hey , wait up They all gossiped about us You made it all up But you liked it C 'mon , Chigusa , wait Stay with me Don 't touch me ! Disgusting ! Run , I shoot What 's that ? Ridiculous I 'm in love with you , for real , from before Wow , great ! Wash your face and try again , if you survive Wait , you 're a virgin , right ? Piss me off ! God , did I just hear this idiot right ? Sugimura couldn 't do it with you ! Keep Hiroki out of this We 're gonna die anyway Don 't you wanna do it once , before you die ? Shouldn 't you be worried about your life , instead of that useless peepee of yours ? I 've decided this game 's a race So I 'm playing for real So am I Drop that right now and let me go Or I 'll assume you 're deadly and kick your ass You 're warned Cut the crap ! I 've already killed I could force you to do it now ! Try it ! You , you okay ? You scarred my face It 's your fault You made me mad Always blaming someone else ! That 's why I hate your guts Come at me Every inch of me will resist you ! Boys # 16 Niida Dead 22 To Go Hiroki Chigusa ... don 't die . Hang on God , if this is a bad joke please stop it It 's really me , Chigusa Hiroki ... Who got you ? Mitsuko Watch out for her I 'm sorry For what ? Last night , I waited for you outside the school But you took off at top speed right ? I called , but couldn 't catch up I didn 't know ... Help me sit up ? Hiroki ... Are you in love with someone ? Not me , right ? No ... Then stay with me like this It won 't be long God , can I tell him one more thing ? You look really cool , Hiroki ... You 're the coolest girl in the world Thank ... Chigusa ... Girls # 13 Chigusa Dead 21 To Go It 's 6 o 'clock Here 's the list of goners Girls # 10 , Hirono Boys # 16 Niida Girls # 13 Chigusa A total of 3 You 're slacking off I 'm disappointed in you I 'm adding more danger zones There 'll be a new one every hour , so get ' em straight ! From 18 : 00 D-1 , from 20 : 00 C-4 I-3 from 21 : 00 Tastes good 'Course it does My dad 's a chef Thank you for everything Have a drink ? No I wasn 't going to ... But , I guess I want you to know ... She 's pretty ... Same age ? Same class 8th grade , Kobe Jr High # 5 , Class C We played this game 3 years ago So you 're the ... I 'm a survivor of this fucking game I was desperate to protect Keiko Even killed a friend ... So the 2 of us could survive But when only one of us could survive ... we changed ... Keiko ! Keiko ! Really trusting someone ... is a hard thing to do But I 've never understood , the meaning in the smile she left behind Thank you ... I 'll have that drink But , why play all over again ? They drugged me and dragged me here ... To fix the game But when I woke up here , I vowed I wouldn 't die Instead , I 'm going to figure out Keiko 's last smile I don 't ... What ? I don 't know exactly how Keiko felt then ... But she must have ... My name ? Kawada Kawada , I think she really loved you Or she couldn 't have smiled the way she does there You think ? I 'm sure . If I were Keiko , I 'd want to trust you and thank you for giving me a reason to smile like that I think I 'd have said thank you , too ... I really do know a way off this island What ? ! But how ? I can only tell you when the time comes Until then , this is my guarantee Use it to protect yourself and ... Nakagawa Noriko Nanahara Shuya The candles ! Duck ! That noise , who is that ? Probably the guy who signed up for fun We had one too Gimme the map Listen , if we get separated we 'll meet at the Takano Shrine Don 't forget ! Stay down ! Why ? What did I ever do ? Damn ! I made it My excellent bullet proof vest ! Boys # 4 Oda dead 20 To Go Watch out ! You okay ? Fine . She 's all right , too Take care of her ! Don 't be crazy ! Nanahara ! Run , Nanahara ! There 's your order Fertilizer ... pesticide ... and kerosene ... Sulfur and charcoal ... Even swiped a little truck for it all What are you gonna do with all this crap ? The Ticking Clock What is this ? My uncle 's postcards My uncles was an activist in the ' 60s Taught me stuff they never teach you in school He 's still off fighting in some corner of the world " Someday , you 'll smile like this " Forget it , we 're not ... Shinji ! The bomb trigger he used to try to blow up Parliament with It 's time we started our own struggle but there 's not much time Join me ? Or would you rather ... take me on ? Can we really all go home together ? Yeah , I 'll crush their systems When we escape , it 'll be together Day Two 12 : 30PM You 're awake ? Where ... ? The lighthouse Utsumi , why are you ... ? What a shock I was on watch this morning , When Sugimura showed up carrying you Where 's Sugimura ? Gone , said he had to see someone I see ... What time is it ? Noon , he just finished the noon report And Kawada and Nakagawa ? They haven 't been on the lists Who died ? I missed three reports Five altogether On last night 's was ... Oda On this morning 's update , Kaori and Mizuho We are all good friends I know Girls # 1 Mizuho Girls # 20 Kaori , Dead And now , on the noon update , Takiguchi and Hatagami Boys # 13 Takiguchi Boys # 18 Hatagami , Dead - 16 To Go And a message from Sugimura Mimura and the guys are in the west , waiting to see you Mimura ... Here 's your map I marked it for you You 're safe here They 're all my friends There 's Haruka , Satomi , Yuka , Chisato and Yuko Nanahara ... About that thing with Oki ... Yuko saw it happen We fell down a hill together An accident ? Of course it was ! I 'm sorry ... Let 's all go join Kawada He knows a way out You trust him ? He survived one of these games But you can 't even walk yet I 'm fine ... Right now , you rest up Haruka and Chisato are fixing lunch Did you bandage me , Utsumi ? Never touched a guy before ... You like Noriko ? Why ... ? I know all about you ... You know what that means ? What ? Some of them don 't trust guys I have to lock you in , okay ? Lunch in a minute , okay ? Hey , guys ! Nanahara 's awake Really ? Can he talk ? Seems hungry , too Don 't worry , I locked his door No . I 'm sorry , I 'm not worried anymore What happened with Oki was an accident Of course , Shuya 'd never kill anyone Spaghetti 's about done Haruka , go get Yuka from watch We need to discuss something Roger that We 're all ... dying tomorrow Don 't start with that We won 't give up until it 's over , okay ? I think ... you 'd better feed Nanahara first , don 't you ? I 'll serve his Thanks , Yuko Still some painkiller left , right ? I need some for Nanahara - The cupboard - I 'll get them Yukie ! I hear Nanahara 's awake ! That 's so great ! You ! What ? Don 't pretend I know you 're happy Smells great ... great job , Chisato Let me taste test Super ! Marry me , Chisato ! Calm down now What did you want to discuss , Yukie ? Nanahara says Kawada knows a way off the island That Kawada ? Can we trust him ? Can 't tell yet But once Nanahara can walk let 's join Kawada and Noriko ... What ! What 's wrong Yuka ! She 's dead ... Not food poisoning ... Deadly food poisoning ... I tasted it . I 'm fine It 's poison ! What ? Who ! Who did it ? ! Don 't , Satomi ! It 's just some mistake ! We 're the only ones here ! Chisato , you cooked it , right ? It wasn 't me ! Haruka cooked too Not me It was nobody , cut it out ! Lower that gun ! You 're suspicious yourself ! Haruka ! Last 2 nights , you didn 't sleep at all ... It just means you don 't trust us Forgot my sleeping pills Insomina at your age ? ! Cut it out ! Satomi , lower that gun ! Shut up damnit ! Yukie , cut the leadership crap ! Chisato ... You screwed up the poisoning ... How can you say that ? You schemed with Nanahara to escape together ! Was it you ? Chisato ! Goddamnit ! Ouch ! It hurts you assholes ! I 'm bleeding , damnit ! Look who 's talking ! Murderer ! Shut the fuck up ! You tried to steal the gun , so you 're guilty ! Take this ! Not you , right ? You don 't belong to their group ... At least ... I thought I 'd live until tomorrow What idiots ... We might have all survived ... We 're all so stupid ... Stupid ! It 's not my fault ... It 's not my fault ... It 's not my fault ! What happened , Utsumi ! What happened , hey , Utsumi ! I 'm sorry , Nanahara ... I even forgot ... that they 're all my friends ... Why ... Utsumi ... Why do you know what that means ? Do you know what that means ? How should I know ! I don 't know what any of it means ! Girls # 2 , Yukie # 9 Yuko , # 12 Haruka # 16 Yuka , # 17 Satomi , # 18 Chisato Dead 10 To Go Call for you Hello Hello , mister Oh , Shiori ? Mom 's feeling bad again On a business trip , can 't get home ' til tomorrow Huh , don 't bother coming home Hanging up Mister , don 't breathe like that your bad breath even stinks over the phone You okay ? I had a dream ... What dream ? I was alone with Kitano on an empty riverbank Must 've been scary But Kitano seemed lonely Before this , I always just thought of myself as normal I 'd have a normal marriage , age normally , just like my Mom But when this game started ... I realized It 's just that I was sheltered ... Some things are better not to know Rain on its way I hope Nanahara can find us here I told you to wait ! Another useless day My phone never rings Even my cell phone 's useless May I take your order ? Just wait That 's fine Don 't know how many resumes I wrote I 'm just wiped They always hang up on me Miss , gimme some water Yes , in a minute Order what you want You start 7th grade tomorrow , go for it I say " go for it " , but I never taught you anything Your order ? I told you to wait ! Try some place else ? Go Shuya ! You can make it Shuya ! Take care of Nakagawa ! Where you going ? To meet Nanahara Hey ! We 're near a danger zone ! Where are you ! Nakagawa ! Mitsuko What 's up ? I 'm looking for Nanahara Got separated ? Nakagawa , where are you ! Who 's that ? Kawada Two princes protecting you A real princess Mitsuko ! Die , ugly You don 't look so bad Oh , you got Nanahara with you Nanahara ! Shuya ! Shuya ! Don 't catch cold You came to meet me ? I brought weapons Weapons ... why ? I 'm weak and useless But I 'll stay by your side ... I 'll protect you That 's why ... I brought weapons ... Shuya ... Kotohiki ... that you ? Kotohiki , Answer me ! Hurry , run ... Someone will come , drawn to the gunshots . Run ! Why ? Sugimura , why ? You 're so cute What are you talking about ? What is this ? I wanted to see you ... To save you , actually ... Don 't tell me ... I 've been in love with you , Kotohiki for a long , long ... time ... But you ... never ever talked to me How could I have known , you never said a thing ... What am I supposed to do now ? Die Boys # 11 Sugimura Girls # 8 Kotohiki , Dead - 8 To Go See ya ! Bye ! I 'm home Who are you ? Me ... What 's wrong , mommy ? She is little bit sick Play with me No ! You must be strong , Mizko Not like mommy Mizko , hi This girl 's name is Mizko too She 's cute , isn 't she ? And funny girl Yep , she took off all her clothes It your turn Mizko Hurry , you have to take off all your clothes No ! Nobody 'll rescue you That 's just life Die ! I just didn 't want to be a loser anymore ... Girls # 11 Mitsuko Dead 7 To Go Girls # 16 Yuka , # 18 Chisato , # 12 Haruka , # 17 Satomi , # 2 Yukie # 9 Yuko # 8 Kotohiki , # 11 Mitsuko , and only one of the boys , Sugimura , for 8 total Let 's go west We can still evade the new danger zones I 've got to see Mimura All right ... I did it ! I got it ! We 're done too ! Excellent ! 2 bombs , 100 Molotovs And 3 propane tanks It took awhile but my Third Man hacker 's software 's ready to go ! What ? ! Hackers ! - From where ? ! - Can 't tell ! Trace it back ! Too many connections ! Our lines are down ! Writing over files ! GPS monitor 's frozen ! What the hell ? ! Virus invasion ! - It 's taking over ! - At incredible speed ! Virus proceeding ! Satellite systems frozen ! Main controls out ! Connections down ! Danger zones clear ! Do something ! Stop it ! Sir ! What are you doing ? Sir ! Restarting ! Okay , here goes ! 15 minutes until their system 's back up Blow up the school and it 's game over ! I just saw someone over there ... Nanahara ? Nanahara ? Maybe Sugimura told him about us Hey , Nanahara , come on out , hurry Yutaka ! Shit who is that ? ! - It 's him ! - The transfer ! I can 't hit him ! Aim calm ! Shut up ! Missed again ! Shut up ! No good , retreat ! Iijima ! Iijima ! " When we escape ... it 'll be together ... " Hey ! Goddamnit ! Boys # 2 Iijima , # 12 Yutaka , # 19 Mimura Dead - 4 To Go That 's him Stay here Boys # 6 Kiriyama Dead 3 To Go You hurt ? No big deal What matters is , we 're all that 's left now What 'll you do after this ? I don 't know I 've never really ... trusted grown-ups My Dad , and my Mom ran off or died because they felt like it ... But I 'll keep fighting , even though I don 't know how ... Until I become a real adult You guys never will Why not ? I told you , didn 't I ? Not to trust anyone Well you both trusted me too much Cut the sick joke This was my way off the island Sorry , but I used you guys to save myself I don 't believe it What about Keiko ? There 's no Keiko She was just a story to suck you in But why us ? You were perfect Just gullible enough Hey , Nanahara Can you really kill me with that gun ? Game over . For real ! Move out to check corpses Roger ! Operation complete But sir ... Operation complete Game Over - Day Three 4 : 30AM The Winner : Boy # 5 Kawada BR Radio Exercises Raise your arms in front of you and stand on your toes Move your arms and legs Swing your arms Stand with legs apart and exercise your chest Nice job Glad you and Kiriyama were in the mix Now going home ? No rush Clarify one thing for me You can deactivate it , right ? What are you ... You hacked into the system and swiped that data , right ? Avenging Keiko ? That fine . That 's why you played the game , right ? But cheating 's no good Hey ! Was it fun Surviving together , love birds ? I 've had it The kids make fun of me at school , my own kid hates me No home to go back to Might as well take you with me And the only one worth dying with , would be you , Nakagawa If I had to choose one of you , well then it 'd have to be you , Nakagawa What ? Go ahead , shoot Nakagawa , you can do it Nakagawa , you can do it Go Shuya ! You can make it , Shuya ! What 's up ? Shoot me or I 'll shoot you Ouch ! That hurt , damnit ! I made a promise ... to protect Noriko ... I know it ... I know Hello ... Shiori ? Listen , I won 't be coming home again Listen , if you hate someone you take the consequences Irresponsible ? Who the hell asked you ? The last one ... Cookies sure were good It 's beautiful ... even though it 's where everyone died You can even steer a ship ? Sure , my dad 's a fisherman Just keep going straight and you have to hit land Give it a try ? We part soon Doubt we 'll see each other again Why not ? It 's for the best It was only 3 days but a lot of memories I 'd rather forget Kawada ... Thank you so much Nanahara ! Yeah ? It 's gonna be tough going Yeah ... I know Sleepy all of a sudden Time for a nap Meeting you guys , I finally solved , the riddle of Keiko 's smile The answer ? Her parting words Thank you ... and then ... And then ? Kawada ? Kawada ? And then ... I 'm glad I found true friends And then ... I 'm glad I found true friends Wanted For Murder : Nanahara and Noriko - BR Act - Noriko slipped home last night to bid her sleeping parents farewell She took the knife that Nobu used to stab Kitano from her desk Each of us has a weapon now Even if the time comes to use them again It 'll never be an easy choice But we 're got no choice but to keep moving forward Let 's run , Noriko No matter how far , run for all you 're worth ... RUN ! Requiem 1 Class B [ Friends ] Requiem 2 Nanahara Shuya 's Dream Nobu Shuya ! Take care of Nakagawa ! Requiem 3 Norkio Nakagawa 's Dream Is it okay ? What ? Anyone who see this might be confused Doesn 't matter Are you sick of my class ? Yeah What ? When I entered the first class ... Everyone looked the same But , time 's passed Everyone was so cute But not right now ! No , caution to the students Teachers are getting dumb and dumber I want to tell you something What ? That knife , that I stabbed you with I still take care of it Sometimes I thought I should throw it away But , now it 's my treasure It 's a secret between you and me ... Nakagawa ! Yeah ? What is the best thing about adults ? Now what ... ?
