 Previously on Taken ... ( Subtitle Revised by HchC ) My name is Jesse Keys . I have encounters with unidentified flying objects . Get away from me ! Jesse , what happened ? Ohh ! Aah ! No ! What do you want from me ! Why do you keep taking me ? OWEN : There was one survivor at the crash . We tracked him down to a small town in Texas . He had formed a bond there with a young woman . Years later . I went back to that town . She had two grown children and a ten-year-old son . Kids , this is Owen Crawford . Jacob ! TOM : This guy broke her heart . My life is not gonna be complete until I ruin his . You know too much about what I do . Aah ! MARTY : Eric , your dad had me get him a car from the motor pool the night your mother was murdered . When he returned it , there were 41 7 new miles on it . 41 7 miles is the exact distance roundtrip between Groom Lake and the spot where Howard and your mother were found . They were both killed with Howard 's service pistol . He lost that pistol two days before he died . I remember him asking me if I 'd seen it . He said he 'd left it in his desk drawer and it had just disappeared . She was drinking a lot . Threatening to expose his work . I 'm sorry , Eric . I 've been carrying it around with me all this time . Now that your father 's dead , I thought you should know . My father was a vicious , selfish man who put his personal aggrandizement above the good of his country . In my opinion , his egomania made him a liability to the project . However , he was also incredibly meticulous . He kept files on everything . This one 's interesting , doctor . Your signature on the autopsy reports from the three bodies recovered from the Roswell crash , and a fourth , the one who died while under observation . Two copies of the crash-site reports- - the real one and the cover-up . General , your signature 's on both . An interesting one on the disposal of the bodies of twin psychics used in some early research into the nature of the technology . This one 's particularly informative . It 's a briefing on the Roswell events that you and your colleagues prepared for General Eisenhower just before he took office . On page 2 , you 'll find a list of the 1 2 of you who worked on the briefing . A very impressive group . These are copies , of course . The originals are in a safe place . So what do you want ? Commander . Your briefcase , sir . What 's going on here , Eric ? I checked the motor pool records for the night my mother was killed . You did check that car out . That makes you an accomplice , Marty . An accessory before the fact . These men will hand you over to civilian authorities in Carson City . I 'm sure your fear of my father will be taken into account . And you 'll be stepping up to take over the project ? The acorn doesn 't fall too far , does it , Eric ? I need that funding shifted over to biological research , Ted . Find the resources . Why is it so important ? None of your damn business , Ted . Ted , do your job or lose it . ALLIE : Some people spend their lives hoping for something to happen that will change everything . They look for power or love . or the answers to their biggest questions . I think really what they 're looking for is another chance . some way to lead another life where all the mistakes they 've made would be erased . and they could just start over . Nothing bad has happened yet . and all their possibilities are still in front of them . I 'm sorry I 'm late . That crowd of tourists . We ought to put up a gift shop , sell little bobbing alien heads or something . I had our people take the test subjects out across the desert to avoid them . I can 't run an operation under these conditions . It 's a joke . Since I talked the general into letting me run this project , it 's become a damn circus . But if you 're gonna be a damn circus , best to be in the centre ring . What have you got ? ERIC : What are you doing ? These fell out of the heads of a half a dozen brain tumour patients we 've been monitoring for the past couple of years . Fell out ? Put them away . Don 't worry . They 're dead . They 're like batteries . They 're not transmitting . We had to open up a half a dozen people before we got a live one . - It 's kind of like looking for pearls . - You got a live implant ? Okay , now check this out . This is really amazing . Send in the soldier . Ha ha ha ! Ha ha ha ! Ha ha ha ! ALLIE : People come home for a lot of reasons . They come home to remember . They come home because they 've got no place else to go . They come home when they 're beaten . they come home when they 're proud . They come home looking for a door out into their past or a road out into their future . They come home for a lot of reasons . but they always come home to say good-bye . Look like you remembered ? Yeah , exactly . Doesn 't change much , does it ? TOM : There they are . Hey . Mum 's just waking up . I 'm glad you guys came . My mum really wanted to get a look at Lisa . Come on . TOM : They say we 're lucky because it 's taking her so quick . With cancer , it could 've been a lot worse . Hello , honey . How do you like this , huh ? They tell me it 's the cigarettes , but I don 't think I 'd have lived this long without ' em . You grew up real nice . How you doing ? I 'm good , Mum . I see that . That 's fine . ( knocks gently ) - Tom . - Yeah . Come on in . Mum , this is Carol , my wife . Hi , Carol . How you doing ? Pleasure to meet you . And this ... is Lisa . Tom , come take this thing out of my nose so I don 't look so scary to that child . ( coughs ) Come here , darlin ' . Let me get a look at you . Come on , honey . It 's okay . Hello , Grandma . You 're a pretty girl . She 's got your father 's eyes . TOM : Jake , I know who your dad was . When the government was doing these experiments- - this is all freedom of information act stuff- - it was the beginning of the Cold War , and people were scared and willing to do anything , so they took these soldiers and filled ' em with psychotropic drugs to see what happened , and I believe that your dad was one of those soldiers . When he escaped from the army base at Roswell , Owen Crawford tried to get him back . It might be a little bit more complicated than that . Your abilities . You got ' em from your father . Whatever the drugs had done to him , like those women who took thalidomide ... I think that they 're taking civilians now , doing the same experiments , mind control or " processing , " whatever you wanna call it , to make them think they 're being abducted by aliens . And you know that this is not the case ? The government makes them think that , but it 's their cover story , Jake . For a cover story , it seems ... a little bit far-fetched , doesn 't it ? Mum 's in a lot of pain . Morphine doesn 't seem to be helping . It 's okay , Mum . It 's okay . It 's okay . Let 's help you up , Mum . Okay . Jacob , it 's time for me to go , honey . Soon . Tom ... You just sit up , Mum . You just sit up . TOM : What are you doing , Jake ? Something for Mum . JAKE : It 's all right , Tom . Come on , Sally , let 's go home . I don 't wanna believe this , Jake . You never wanted to . You always kind of did , though . Right from when John came , and you saw the lights . That 's why all those years you ... tried so hard to prove that it was a conspiracy , a lie . Those are easier things to believe in . It was kind of ironic , though , don 't you think ? Country 's leading debunker turns out to have a half-alien half brother ? What are you going to do now ? I want you to come forward , Jake . I can 't do that , Tom . We 're talking about something that the entire world has a right to know . You were the proof that it happened , Jake . What do you want me to do , go on TV , bend some spoons ? It 'd turn into a freak show in a minute and a half , and you know it . Then at least people would know it really happened . Would they ? Why did they come , Jake ? What do they want ? I don 't know . I do know that I 'm not the only one who 's special to them . It 's a feeling I get sometimes , that there is someone else . They 're playing catch-up , the government . They 're trying to figure out the same things you ask me- - why they came , what they want . Owen Crawford knew about me . If they 're not already doing it , they 're going to try and find that other person . ERIC : Jesse Keys . One of my father 's many failures . Not to speak ill of the dead , though , right ? He kills this guy 's father , then loses him . I 'd say , all in all , he screwed that one up . He couldn 't have known what would happen when they took out Russell Keys ' implant , but if it makes you feel better to think your old man screwed up ... And this one--Jesse ? He mattered to them . He was important . I mean , we grab these people , we pop the implants out of their heads , we even kill some of them , but our little grey friends don 't do squat . But this guy , they pulled him right through the wall of a bomb shelter to take him away from us . I don 't think you can lay that one on your father either . What do you think it all means ? Maybe nothing . Could be there 's some they chew on repeatedly , and others they spit out after just one bite . Now that we 're looking more into the genetics , we 'll figure it out . We 're really close . What about those brothers in Alaska ? Failed attempts at crossbreeding , like that kid Jacob Clarke your old man tried to bring back from Texas . Jacob Clarke dies , and we all know what happened to the furry freak brothers . You see what they 're doing , don 't you ? Everything they can . This is an FBI aging program . Some fugitive goes underground for ten years , they wanna know ' em if they see ' em . And I 'll lay you diamonds to doughnuts this Jesse Keys is still alive . You wanna find out what 's so important about him ? Maybe we should ask him . - MAN OVER RADIO : Truck eight . - Yeah . Chief , we 've got one over at Morgan 's Junction . Car full of college kids . It 's pretty ugly . Paramedics on the scene . We 've also got a tractor injury at Sutter 's and a kid pulled out of Hodgkin 's Creek . Paramedics at both . I 'll take the car . ( siren wails ) Get over . Keep moving , people . Let 's go . Keep moving . Keep that lane open . Let 's go . Let 's move . What do we got , Bobby ? Just kids on the way home from Milton . Drunk , lost control of the car , flipped it . Driver was killed instantly . Two boys in the back pretty banged up . They 're on their way to County , and the girl in the passenger seat 's a spinal . We 're just getting her out now . WOMAN : Lights . We saw these lights . In the sky . And then my friends . They 've been taken to the hospital . Kevin . Hey , can you do something for me ? Can you keep your head straight and follow my pen with your eyes ? Good . We 're gonna have you out of here in just a minute , but can you just keep your head straight and keep your eyes on my pen ? Can you do that for me ? - Mm-hmm . - Good . ( Bobby retching ) Bobby ? Damn it . I 'm sorry , chief . My first accident , I puked all over my chief 's shoes . Don 't get any ideas . Look , you know what I love about this job ? You come to a scene , you look at it , you assess the situation , and your job 's to make it better . You can do that , no matter how bad it is . You can always make it better . Not for that guy who was driving , not for him . Then you move on . That 's what it 's all about . You find someone you can help . Here , make sure she stares straight ahead . Don 't let her look at the blood on the windshield , okay ? Thanks , chief . MAN : Get out of the road . You nuts ? I can 't believe you 're still out here . Look , this is all my fault . The other guys thought you were with me . I thought you got a ride back with the sheriff 's guys . How long have I been out here ? Uh ... two-and-a-half , three hours . Look , I 'm really sorry , chief . I don 't know what else to say . - Hey , Dad . - Hey , Charlie . Did you know 1 2 people ... ALLIE : Some people put a lot of work into their lawn . as if a patch of green grass was the most important thing in the world . as if they thought that as long as the lawn out front was green and mowed and beautiful . it wouldn 't matter at all what was going on inside the house . Are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Let 's get this place cleaned up before Mum gets home , okay ? Okay . Come on . Get in . Dad said he 's gonna come see my play . Yeah , I 'm sure he will , honey . Can you help me with my costume ? Yeah , sure . Mum ... Is Dad all right ? Yeah , of course he is . - What do you mean ? - I don 't know . It 's just ... he seems like he 's scared of something . I 've known your father a long time . There is one thing I know about him- - he 's not afraid of anything . 'Night , kiddo . Right there , ace . Hey , I know you . I 'm Luke Reynolds . You pulled my son Moe out of our sweep auger last year . What the hell are you doing out here ? Oh . You come to look at my lower field . - Lower field ? - My glow-in-the-dark wheat . Heh heh . Come on . Ain 't that a bitch ? There was an accident out here today . Yep , pretty bad one . Had the field been glowing before the accident ? Nope . It started right after that . It 's the shape of it that gets me , though . Look at it . Looks like a damn flying saucer . This hostage thing shows you what happens when you let your enemies see your weakness . We should 've gone in there the moment they were taken and gotten ' em back at any cost . Miss Fox says if we 'd done that , they might 've killed the hostages . Maybe , but they would 've been less likely to do it again . Can we talk about something else ? How would you like to move ? Like to Henderson , someplace a little further outside of town ? No . I was thinking more like Maine . Don 't you think this is a little sudden ? Dad , is this ' cause there 's flying saucers in Maine ? Dylan Peters said you were the flying-saucer soldier and that you were in charge of all of it . No , I don 't think it 's too sudden at all . ALLIE : Do you know the feeling of daring yourself to walk across a dark room ? That way you 're excited because you know- - you really do know- - that there 's nothing there to hurt you . Some people get to choose their dark rooms . They get to look for places where fear is only skin-deep . But some people are nowhere near that lucky . What do you want from me ? ! Leave me alone ! Why are you coming back now ? What do you want ? Leave my family alone ! What do you want now ? ! Jesse ! What are you doing ? Jess ? For a while after they pulled me out of that temple in Vietnam , they stopped . I 'd think about them once in a while , but I 'd convinced myself that the stuff that happened with my dad when I was younger and in the jungle had just all been in my mind . These are the guardian angels you told me about . I don 't know if I call them angels , but ... they were the reason why I did a lot of what I did back there , you know . I did some pretty crazy things just to see if , you know , they would save me . And they did ? Every single time . Honey ... maybe it is all in your mind . You 're more than due for some post-traumatic stress . Look at this . You don 't see it ? See what ? The rash . It 's shaped like a hand . We 've been through a lot , you and I , yeah ? And we 're gonna get through this , just like all the rest . Jesse , I want you to see someone for me . You owe me that much . Just see someone . They 'll just tell me I have a tumour . That 's not necessarily what they 're gonna say . I was diagnosed with a brain tumour when I was 1 6 . My father died of one . Okay , then you really do need to see someone . There is something in my head . It 's no tumour , though . It 's something they put there . Something that tells them- - For god 's sake , Jesse , would you listen to yourself ? ! Look , honey , see someone . If you won 't do it for me , do it for Charlie . Okay . ( knocks ) You found a small tumour on the front of my brain no bigger than the tip of a lead pencil . I talked to Amelia . She told me you 've been behaving strangely . The tumour is very small , no sign of a fluid build-up , but still , it could explain your recent behaviour . Dr Franklin Traub is the best brain tumour man in the country . He 's at the Rivers Clinic in St. Paul . I just spoke to him . You have an appointment tomorrow . Thanks . Um ... any commonality in the stories ? Well . I think the first thing you want to remember- - you and everyone at home- - is that these are normal people just like you and me . with no history of psychosis or schizophrenia. no mental illness . They 're normal people talking about something that has really happened to them . The striking thing is how similar all the stories are . He always was comfortable in a crowd . Any minute , he 's going to start doing card tricks . I always knew , Jake . I always did . But I never thought that contactor Mum was building out in the garage was gonna get your father 's attention . She needed a better power supply with an impedance-matched output coupling . You can sit around here all afternoon reminiscing or help clean out the garage . Your loudmouth brother 's gonna ride both sides of this alien thing all the way to the bank . Kim , Andy , you 're done playing . We got work to do . Uncle Ronnie , just ' cause you 're jealous that Aunt Becky 's spending time with my dad is no reason to yell at Kim and Andy . It 's not going to make the fact that Uncle Tom 's getting a lot of attention go away , either . She is your daughter , isn 't she ? Mr Clarke . I don 't mean to question your ability or your expertise . but I have to point out here that up until very recently. you were one of the leading debunkers of this entire phenomenon . So we 'd all like to know what changed your mind . - I have personal information . - You were taken ? No . No. that 's not what I said . Now there 's a story that we 'd all like to hear . Well ... I 'm not at liberty to say . Hold on--hold on. folks . You have evidence of an alien being here on earth. and you 're not sharing ? Mr Clarke . I find that hardly fair . I think more than anything else we 'd all like to know . what changed your mind ? We 'll take a break . You 're right . That thing in your brain is no tumour . It 's very small . Looks metallic . - Where did you grow up ? - Illinois . Any exposure to chemicals ? Heroin . You say your father had a similar tumour . Yeah , identical . We see these deposits occasionally in people who work with unusual chemicals , chelated heavy metals , things like that . Sometimes they occur for no obvious reason . Usually , they 're mistaken for tumours , but in actual fact , it 's just foreign matter that 's swept up into a little pile the body doesn 't know how to get rid of . Now , the important thing is , we can treat this without surgery . We can use localized ultrasound therapy , get this thing to break out , dissolve . You 'll pass it in a matter of days . No surgery ? That 's great . Must be disconcerting to wake up one morning and your whole world 's changed . For me , it was more like my whole world had come back . This happened before ? Yeah , when ... when I was a kid , when I was a teenager and again in Vietnam . If you 're prone to this sort of thing , it 's not surprising it 's gonna reoccur . Could it be affecting Jesse mentally ? It 's possible . You 've been having problems ? Uh ... yeah , but I think if you can get this thing out of my head , then it 'll make them go away . JESSE : I 'll be home for Thanksgiving . It 's gonna be all right , Jesse . JESSE : You know when I was a kid , the time I told you about when I saw my dad- - I was , uh , locked up in a bomb shelter on an air force base . There are people involved in this , too- - very vicious people . You 're gonna be all right . This is all gonna go away . I don 't care if you don 't believe the rest , but you have to believe this- - I was taken . Locked up by some people involved with the air force , and they--I got away , joined the army under a fake name . I don 't know if they stopped looking for me , but , uh , now that this has all started again , just ... keep it in mind . Okay . Hey . Remember our list of all the things I said I 'd explain one day ? Mm-hmm . Aren 't you glad I waited as long as I did ? ( car door closes ) ( car engine starts ) ( knock on door ) Hey , that 's a pretty good book . Yeah , I don 't read much . Irving places far too much importance on death , in my way of thinking , but at least he makes it funny . He 's good . Jesse , you don 't believe you 've got a metallic deposit in your head , do you ? You have your thoughts about what I have in my head , and I have mine . You wanna share your thoughts with me ? No , I 'd rather not . Why are you here if you don 't believe I can help you ? No . You have to help me . You say you can make this thing in my head dissolve . That 's what I want . I don 't care what it is . I have a nine-year-old son , and I almost hurt him because of this thing in my head . I don 't care about anything else . I don 't care about anything else at all . ( dials telephone ) ( line ringing ) Hello . Dr Wakeman , please . Traub here , Rivers Clinic . I 've got the man you 're looking for . BOY : I 'm gonna get you , Allan Holmes ! Shut your mouth , Allan Holmes ! Whoa , slow down there , kid ! Come on , take it easy . What 's the problem ? - Let me go ! - What is this about ? He started it . - Did not . - Did ! Everybody knows your dad went crazy when he ran out of the house screaming . Your dad 's nuts . Now they 've locked him up . That 's enough , all of you ! Now , Charlie 's dad is sick . It 's very serious . He 's gone away to get well . We 're praying for him . Sorry . Hope your dad gets better . So we 're going down to the Lemke 's . I hear they have a wicked haunted house . You wanna come ? No more fighting ? - Promise . - All right , kiddo . Have a good time . They 're so forgiving--children . I didn 't mean to butt in . I was enjoying the evening . I 'm glad you were here . Thank you . I 'm sorry to hear about your husband . I hope he 'll be all right . Thanks . Yes , I 'll hold . - Hi , honey . How are you ? - Lonely . How was Halloween ? It was great . Charlie 's Darth Vader . I really just called ' cause I wanted to hear your voice . ALLIE : When everything in your life is right on track . it 's easy to believe that things happen for a reason . It 's easy to have faith . But when things start to go wrong . then it 's very hard to hold on to that faith . It 's hard not to wonder whose reasons these things happen for . How long you gonna keep him under ? A couple hours . Let him think we did a full work-up . What do you ... think these marks on his chest are ? Looks almost like a hand . Maybe he fought back . So what do you want to do with him ? Take that thing out of his head ? They 're a dime a dozen . I don 't want the implant . I want him . He believes they 've saved him , repeatedly , in Vietnam , other places . They probably did . It 's just he 's extremely important to them . Okay , what do we know ? They 're working towards something , but what ? Do they wanna destroy the planet ? Save us from ourselves ? Turn us into pod people ? Anyway , we look at the stuff we got from one of the bodies from the New Mexico crash , and these beings , these ... aliens , what have you they 're us . Same genetic make-up . At least so far . The same could be said about the fruit fly . Maybe that 's the point . ALLIE : What makes a man who he is ? Is it the worst things he 's ever done or the best things he wants to be ? When you find yourself in the middle of your life . and you 're nowhere near where you were going . how do you find a way from the person you 've become to the one you know you could 've been ? What did you do with my Cabbage Patch Kids ? They 're in one of the boxes , honey . Can you take them out of the boxes ? They don 't like being taken places in boxes . We 'll unpack them when we get to our new place . Why can 't I tell my friends where we 're going ? Ask your father . - I want my dolls unpacked ! - Honey , we can 't . - Hello , thrill-seekers . - Uncle Chet . - Hiya , sweetheart . How you doing ? - Good . Where 's your dad ? In the study . Come on . Come on . ( knock on door ) Come in . Dad , Mum won 't unpack my Cabbage Patch Kids . I 'll talk to her about it , Mary , after I 'm done with my meeting . Don 't ever move . We got Jesse Keys in a clinic in Minnesota . That 's the prize your dad could never get . What do you want to do with him ? I 'm thinking . I 'm thinking . ERIC : While you 're thinking , make sure you don 't lose him . I don 't wanna make the same mistakes my father made . Your old man 's been dead , what , ten years now ? Yes . So don 't you think you can stop trying to kick his ass ? One of our researchers was going through some old files and came across these . Any idea what they are ? They look like the glyphs from that excavation site in Alaska , the one where my brother died . That 's what I thought , too , but these are dated 1 947 . That burial chamber in Alaska wasn 't opened up until 1 970 . - Did you translate it ? - Can 't be done . So close . We got Jesse Keys under wraps . Genetics guys are finding out more and more every day . My engineers tell me they 're following something very cool on the implants . We 're on the verge of a major breakthrough here . Eric ? There something you 're not sharing ? You know everything I know . I know a hell of a lot more than you do , old pal of mine , but what I was asking was is if ... there was something you weren 't sharing . And what I told you was no . What are these ? ERIC : Tom Clarke . You didn 't see him on TV the other day talking about the government conspiracy to cover up the presence of aliens here on earth ? I don 't like to watch TV during the day . Weirds me out . Suddenly , he 's the Woodward and Bernstein of alien abduction . Tom Clarke , huh ? The Tom Clarke who ruined my father . The Tom Clarke who thought our entire program was a lie . His first two books here do nothing but debunk everything about extraterrestrial life , about visits , about our work . Don 't you wanna know what changed his mind ? - Bye , Mum . - Bye . Good-bye . Bye . Have a good day . ERIC : You 're much prettier than I expected . Your surveillance photographs don 't do you justice . Is this visit about something more than my good looks ? I understand your brother has switched sides , that he 's now a believer . Wanna tell me what changed his mind ? You and your brother have a way of sort of gumming up my family 's work , so I 'm going to be honest with you . I 'm not doing this out of any compelling need to tell the truth . I just think it 's the only method that 'll work . There . I 'm doing it already . Do you look a lot like your mother ? People say I do . My father was a bastard . What he did to your mother was unforgivable . My father found a spaceship in the New Mexico desert . There were four bodies on that ship . There were spaces for five bodies . He came to your home looking for the guy who was sitting in that fifth seat . My father devoted the rest of his life to trying to find out what these visitors wanted . He ran a government group dedicated to that quest . Since his death , I 've been in charge of that group . Technically , we 're part of the air force , but the paperwork is so muddled I couldn 't even tell you who I work for . This planet has been visited thousands of times since my father found that ship . People have been taken from their homes , things have been done to them . With a lot of money and a lot of very good minds , we 're beginning to understand some things about our visitors , but we still don 't know why they 're doing all this . We don 't know what they want . My father was a ruthless , ambitious son of a bitch , but the things he wanted to know were reasonable . This could be the greatest threat the world has ever known . This could be something miraculous . We have to know . We have to do whatever it takes to find out . I am not my father . You don 't have to tell me what changed your brother 's mind right away . You could do something else instead . What ? Let me show you something . I 've been reading these reports from your genetics team . - This is astounding stuff . - Pretty cool , huh ? - Very . - There 's something new . These devices they put in people 's heads , I told you we 're pretty sure they 're a tracking system , right ? They are . My guys have found the signal they give off . But the signal is incredibly weak . It needs to be amplified somehow before it can be transmitted back to the mother ship or the planet Zeta Reticuli or wherever our little buddies are hanging out . - You gotta love it . - Transmitter ? Where ? We don 't know . But the logical assumption , based on what we do know , is that it 's organic . - Organic ? - Don 't you love it ? A brain beaming thought signals out into the cosmos . This just keeps getting better and better . The energy of thought , of mind . We know that 's how they do things . We also know Jesse Keys is of particular importance to them . You think Jesse Keys is a transmitter . That 's why he 's so special . One way to find out . Shut him off . See if they come and turn him back on . So , are you gonna be getting back to work soon ? There 's a couple people starting up here in Texas I wanna check out first . You sure are in a hurry to get rid of me . No , it 's not that . Meat loaf 's gonna be ready about half an hour . Andy 's got arithmetic homework that he has to finish before he watches Charlie 's Angels . Your brother Tom 's too high-toned to come to the door now ? You gotta go outside to meet him ? You haven 't exactly been a prince to him every time he 's been over here the last couple times . Is he still pissed I didn 't go to your mum 's funeral ? I don 't know . If you want to know , why don 't you ask him ? Why should I have gone ? There 's no love lost between me and your old lady . RONNIE : All right , I 'll ask him . A cold day in hell is when . I 'll be home late . So unpack the Cabbage Patch Kids . What 's the problem ? All right , then , Julie , then don 't unpack them . I might be late . Don 't wait up . I don 't know why I 'm doing this . Curiosity . BECKY : Why would I get in a plane with you , of all people ? ERIC : I could put you in custody . It 's like that ? No , it 's not like that at all . I 'll have you back by 2 : 00 in the morning , spook 's honour . Oh . He actually said that ? Aliens were responsible for teenage drug abuse and open marriages ? And the success of the skateboard . You grow up in Vegas , you meet a lot of weirdoes . I guess so . My family is eating leftover meat loaf . My wife 's either called the Peking Inn or Pizza Hut . I got married really young . First girl I had slept with . First time I slept with her , she 's pregnant , I 'm married . Anything to show my father I was grown up . I just needed my own identity . Someplace where I wasn 't Tom Clarke 's little sister . Big brother shadow . I hear that . Sun rose and set on my brother Sam . - I guess a lot of people do that . - Hmm . They 're just kids trying to get away from home . They wind up smack-dab in the middle of their lives before they know what hit them . My kids are great . I guess everything 's got its upside . BECKY : Where are we ? ERIC : Let me put it to you this way- - your brother would be very jealous . We brought everything here from Wright-Patterson in ' 76 . It just made more sense to keep everything under one roof . Oh , my God . It 's breathtaking , isn 't it ? I come in here sometimes by myself . I ... sit and just stare at him . I keep feeling like if I stare just a little longer , I 'll be able to understand . Thank you for showing me this . I wasn 't going to . ALLIE : People move through their lives sometimes without really thinking about where they 're going . Days pile up . and they get sadder and lonelier without really knowing why they 're so sad or how they got so lonely . Then something happens- - they meet someone who looks a certain way or has something in their smile . Maybe that 's all that falling in love is- - finding someone who makes you feel a little less alone . I 'm moving . Did I tell you that ? No . Couple of air force sellouts write books , hit the talk-show circuit , couple of guys make movies . Carter says he saw a UFO . Next thing you know , I 've got a crowd . - You and your brother didn 't help . - Where are you gonna go ? I got a spot picked out in Maine . The gawkers will still come to the desert , and they 'll see the same experimental planes and think they 're seeing saucers , and we can continue our work undisturbed . When are you leaving ? Tomorrow night . Becky ... I-I didn 't mean for this to happen . I meant to charm you with my honesty and find out all I could about your brother , but that 's not how it worked out . I don 't wanna be the man that I am , but with you , I 'm somebody else . I 'm who I wanna be . Eric , we can 't- - I wanna be with you . What is so terribly wrong about that ? Nothing 's wrong with it . It 's just not possible . Of course it is . I 'm gonna tell Julie about us . Come with me . Leave Ronnie and come with me . Maine ? The trucks are leaving Groom Lake tomorrow night , sneaking out across the desert to avoid your brother and his friends by the mailbox . What is it ? Your work . Tom says you 've been taking people , experimenting on them . He says some of those people have died . Becky , I swear to you that your brother 's wrong . I 've never done anything to harm anyone . Would you leave Ronnie ? Yes . TOM : You 're sleeping with him ? It 's not as simple as that . Oh , okay . Everything 's okay , then ? He 's leaving his wife . He wants me to leave Ronnie . He wants us to stop interfering in his business , Becky ! Eric Crawford . Owen Crawford 's son . The son of the man who ruined your mother 's life . How could you do that ? He 's not his father . He 's covering up the biggest secret in American history . He 's lying to the entire public on a regular basis . What in the hell makes you think he 's not lying to you ? ! You don 't respect anything at all , do you ? You 're just a selfish little girl who married the wrong guy , and you 're willing to walk on anyone 's grave you have to get away from him . This is not about me and Eric . This is about what Owen did to Mum . No , it 's not . Not anymore . It 's about blowing the lid on this thing wide open . How could something this huge have happened and the whole world doesn 't know about it ? That 's wrong , Becky . Did you tell him about Jacob ? No . You don 't trust him , either . ( knock on door ) Well ... you 're making short work of that book . Not a lot to do around here , you know . What is it ? Well , your deposit is not disintegrating as quickly as I had hoped . This is Dr Patterson from the Brazel Clinic . Does this look anything like an astronaut 's helmet ? It looks perfect . I wish Dad was here . He 's good at making things like this . Yeah , he is . ( telephone rings ) Go on . - Hello ? - Hey. big guy . Hey , Dad . Mum , it 's Dad . Are you going to be able to come to my play ? I 'm sure gonna try . How was Halloween ? Allan Holmes called you crazy . so I punched him . then some guy pulled me off . I was gonna punch him again . but he wanted me to go to the Lemke 's house 'cause they had a haunted house there . It was so cool . Can you come to my play ? I hope so . Can I talk to Mum for a sec ? Okay . Just a sec . It 's for you . - Hi , honey . - Hey . They 're moving me . This thing in my head isn 't going away , and there 's a new doctor , and they 're gonna take me to someplace called the Brazel Clinic and see what they can do for me . Okay . I love you . - Call me when you get there . - I love you , too . Yeah . I sure hope that Dad 's all right . Maybe I shouldn 't have told him about how I got into a fight with Allan . I don 't want him to worry about me . Mum ? Mum , what 's wrong ? - It 's a big country . - Yeah . We 'll take care of that thing in your head . Once it 's gone , no more little grey men . - I 'm ready . - That 's good . How 'd you know the little men were grey ? - Educated guess . - Right . One small step for mankind- - I mean , man . One giant leap for mankind . ( applause ) The giant leap that Neil Armstrong was talking about was a leap into outer space for him and his Apollo team . They started the journey , but it 'll be up to us to continue it . - I can 't believe you came . - Are you all better ? Yeah . - Did you like my play ? - I loved it . It was pretty cool , wasn 't it ? Pretty cool . Dad , what are those lights ? Why are we stopping here ? Hey , Dad ... Dad ? What 's going on ? Dad ! - Come over here . - What 's happening ? Come here . Dad ? He 's not your father , Charlie . Don 't listen to him , Charlie . It 's me . It 's okay . He isn 't me . He 's making me from the picture in your head . He 's lying . He 's not your dad . Watch , I 'll change the picture . Remember last month I cut myself shaving , and I came downstairs and I had blood on my chin ? Charlie . Charlie , do you remember ? CHARLIE : What 's going on ? JESSE : You 're not gonna take him ! Leave my boy alone ! You 're not gonna take him ! Charlie , get away from him . Dad ! Get away from my boy ! No ! ( gunshot ) MAN ON C.B. : Truck 1 7 . we 've got an engulfment event at the Pioneer grain silo on Erlington . We 've got two men with a grain bridge collapse . ( horn blares ) Hello ! Anybody ! It wasn 't a stroke or a seizure . Could this have been caused by the tumour ? I don 't know . The nearest I can come to it , it 's like someone held his brain too close to a magnet . Mum ? Jesse . Get me a towel , please . What 's happening to him ? They 'll come for Charlie next . You gotta go . I 've called for help . I 'll see what 's taking them . Wait a minute . Who did you call ? Help . - Jesse . - You 've gotta go . Come on , Charlie . Let 's get out of here . ( Andy laughing ) ERIC : I don 't wanna be the man that I am . Can you understand that ? TOM : What in the hell makes you think he 's not lying to you ? ! TOM : Eric Crawford . Owen Crawford 's son . The son of the man who ruined your mother 's life . How could you do that ? Did you tell him about Jacob ? BECKY : No . TOM : You don ' t trust him. either . ERIC : Come with me . Leave Ronnie and come with me . TOM : You don ' t respect anything at all. do you ? You 're a selfish little girl who married the wrong guy . You 're willing to walk on anyone 's grave you have to get away from him ! ERIC : You live your life step by step . doing what you do . Someday you look up. and you 're this person you didn 't plan to be . but with you . I 'm somebody else . What is so terribly wrong about that ? BECKY : Nothing 's wrong with it . It 's just not possible . ALLIE : Sometimes people come to a moment where they think they 've found that one last chance to be someone else . and they go for it . When it doesn 't work out . they spend the rest of their lives looking back over their shoulder at what might have been . Let 's go . ( engine starts ) ( camera shutter clicks rapidly ) MAN : Right there . Few more feet . ( forklift hums ) Perfect . How you gonna get through the crowd at the gate ? Three trucks come out , get the crowd 's attention , then take off through the desert . When we 're sure they 're being chased , then the real trucks will leave . Hmm . You think it 'll work ? We 'll see . You okay ? You seem kind of down . - Hard to say good-bye , I guess . - We 're doing the right thing . The tourists can still come out and watch the stealths , and we 'll all live happily ever after . Right . Oh , man . Oh , man , oh , man , oh , man , oh , man . Ahem . You went out and got your little heart broken , didn 't you ? ( snickers ) Ha ha ha ! Ha ha ha ! Ohh ! ALLIE : I never met my grandfather . but my father told me he was a very brave man . And with all that he 'd done- - maybe because of all he 'd done- - his favourite thing in all the world was to mow the lawn . My dad said he heard his father talking to a neighbour once . The neighbour asked him how he was and what he 'd been doing . and my grandfather said . " I 've been cutting the grass and watching it grow . " Cutting the grass and watching it grow . Life . " he said . " is 90 % maintenance . " Jackson Browne : # . Oh. people. look around you # . # . The signs are everywhere # . # . You 've left it for somebody other than you # . # . To be the one to care # . # . You 're lost inside your houses # . # . There 's no time ... # . Drinks are here . Honey , we 're gonna be moving around for a little while . Kind of like The Dukes of Hazzard ? Yeah , kind of like . Is this because of what happened to Dad ? There 's some people who want to talk to us , and I don 't wanna talk to them . They 're not people . I-It doesn 't matter , sweetheart . They 're not gonna find us again . Hey . Sometimes , when bad things are happening ... we imagine things . Maybe we think the things we make up can 't hurt us as much as the real things that are actually happening . Even if what we make up is scary , too . Does that make any sense ? Is Dad ever gonna be all right ? I don 't know . I really don 't know . This isn 't fair . There 's nothing fair about this ! No , there 's not . # . Rock me on the water # . # . I 'll get down to the sea # . # . I 'll get down to the sea somehow # . Hey , this song got me through my freshman year of college . This , and several plants we need never discuss . Your father always hated this music . Anything that was popular while he was away . It wasn 't so much the war as how he was just supposed to come back and act like nothing ever happened . I know none of this makes any sense to you right now . You just have to know that your daddy loves you . Okay ? Hey , dance with me . Come on , come on , come on , get up . Come on . # ... . Soothe my fevered brow # . Let 's just dance for a while , okay ? # . Rock me on the water # . # . Maybe I 'll remember # . # . Maybe I 'll remember how # . # . Rock me on the water # . # . The wind is with me now # . # . Rock me on the water # . # . I 'll get down to the sea somehow # . # . To the sea somehow # . # . Rock me on the water # . # . Ooh # . # . Rock me now # . RADIO ANNOUNCER : The way Carter handled the hostage crisis really sealed his fate . The American people were fed up . Henry. from Selma . California . don ' t you agree ? HENRY : Absolutely . When citizens are taken against their will . people want to hold someone accountable . When a president is not swift and strong in response a man who 's willing to take strong action . and Reagan ' s that man . People can ' t stand to see their response . There 's no doubt this is why Carter lost ... Do you have your sidearm ? We 'd like to take a look in the back of your truck . That would be a violation of about three dozen army and air force regulations . TOM : We believe you 're in violation of a lot more than that . We believe you 're carrying the evidence of a spacecraft that crashed in the New Mexico desert in 1 947 . ERIC : What kind of evidence ? We believe that you recovered bodies from that wreckage and that you 're transporting them . Bodies ? Where would you have gotten an idea like that ? TOM : Can we take a look at your cargo , please ? In the interest of fairness , full disclosure , and you not wasting any more of my time , absolutely . I was going to paint a big old happy face on the inside here and write the word " howdy , " but I just didn 't get around to it . Just so you know , my heart was in the right place . BECKY : Tom , ask him what 's in those crates . ERIC : Personal effects , things that belonged to my father . TOM : We 'd like to take a look . ERIC : I 'm afraid I can 't have you snooping through my father 's affairs . You and your friends here will be driven to Las Vegas , held for 72 hours , and then released . Detained with what cause ? You were detained for interfering with a scheduled move of air force personnel . When we determined you weren 't spies , we let you go . Bastard . What did you expect me to do ? You wouldn 't let me be someone else . Look . Look ! You still don 't know how to fly it , do you ? How long do you think you can cover something like this up ? As long as I have to . ( Subtitle Revised by HchC ) Previously on Taken ... ( Subtitle Revised by HchC ) What do you want from me ? ! Leave my family alone ! You really do need to see someone . There is something in my head . CHET : I think the things are tracking devices . - Dad ? - He isn 't me , Charlie . He 's making me from the picture in your head . They 'll come for Charlie next . You gotta go . Charlie , we 're gonna move around for a while . Is this because of what happened to dad ? - CHET : What are these ? - Tom Clarke . The Tom Clarke who ruined my father , who thought our entire program was a lie . Kind of ironic , Jake . The country 's leading debunker turns out to have a half-alien half brother . Don 't you want to know what changed his mind ? You 're sleeping with Eric Crawford , Owen Crawford 's son , the son of the man who ruined your mother 's life . How could you do that ? ! He 's not his father . He 's covering up the biggest secret in American history , he 's lying to the public on a regular basis- - What in the hell makes you think that he 's not lying to you ? ! We believe you 're carrying the evidence of a spacecraft that crashed in the New Mexico desert in 1 947 . What kind of evidence ? We believe you recovered bodies and that you 're transporting them . You and your friends here will be detained for interfering with a move of Air Force personnel . MAN : Look ! Look ! TOM : How long you think you can cover something like this up ? The crates . Get these people onto the trucks . - Do it now ! - Yes , sir . - Step up . - Let 's go . All right , everybody into the trucks ! Move it ! This way ! This way , please . Let 's go . That 's it , move it up . What are you gonna do with all these witnesses ? Hold them for 72 hours , convince them what they saw was the Goodyear blimp . They 're not gonna believe that . They 're gonna talk about this . Let them . The more people talk at once , The more it sounds like nothing but noise . They took your bodies , too , didn 't they ? Now what are you gonna do now they 've taken back all your proof ? It didn 't have to be this way . How could it have been any different ? It 's all gone . You gotta love it . We must have been getting close . Why do you say that ? Remember I said I thought they had an organic transmitter ? I think it was one of the bodies . We missed that . It was right in front of us , and we missed it . They couldn 't afford to have us figure it out , so they just ... Took it all back . Every last bit of it . Not quite everything . CHET : Well , as expected , they pulled our plug . ERIC : What are they going to do ? All our evidence , all our research is gone . I thought I made a pretty good argument . " Senator , " I said , " the reason we have nothing to show you " is that it was plucked from our slimy little hands " by a flying saucer . You can 't deny that . Right out of the sky , and pluck . " Too bad we couldn 't find Charlie Keys . You know what burns my ass ? I 'll tell you what burns my ass . If we 'd gotten any funding at all , I could have gotten that positioning system running . We could have tracked Keys by that thing in his head and found him or anyone else taken in 24 hours . What are you going to do now ? Couple of buddies of mine from Yale are going into biotech . How about you ? I just keep picturing Tom Clarke smiling that smug smile of his and saying , " Still don 't know how it flies , do you ? " What you keep picturing is his sister dumping you . I still want to know what made Tom Clarke a believer . You could have had your answer , but you thought with " little Eric . " " Hey , little buddy , where do you want to go ? " " Over to Becky 's house . " " Okay . " " Hey , let 's take her to see the alien . " " Good idea . That 'll really impress her . " My own personal foibles aside , I still want the answer to that . I want to know what changed his mind . ALLIE : Is every moment of our lives built into us before we 're born ? If it is. does that make us less responsible for the things we do . or is the responsibility built in. too ? After you hit the ball. do you stand and wait to see if it goes out . or do you start running and let nature take its course ? If that ball had been another couple of inches , it would have gone out of the park , end of story . I swung too late . I thought it was gonna sink . That 's why I like baseball- - you can 't make assumptions . I thought you liked it because it was impossibly hard and there are useless statistics you could memorize . Yeah , that , too . Ohh- - Are you all right ? Yeah , I 'll be fine . We 'd better get home . This was your grandmother 's . Love you , sweetie . Every day and twice on Sundays . Honey ! Honey ! Stay with him . I 'm gonna call 91 1 . It 's beautiful . So are you . He 's gonna know it , too . Who ? The guy you 're gonna meet one day . He 's gonna take one look at you ... And he 's gonna know there is nowhere else he wants to be . ( music plays ) # . I gave you my time # . # . Why you wanna ... # . ( wind howls ) ( new song plays on the jukebox ) Sorry it took so long , honey . Charlie ? Charlie ? Charlie ? Honey ? Charl- - Honey . Honey ! You can 't run off like that . I thought- - What 's wrong ? Where were you , sweetie ? Where 'd you go ? Oh , Charlie . ( electric guitar plays ) He 'd been , um ... Getting weaker since your grandmother died . I kept asking him to see someone , but ... He wouldn 't . He was so ... resigned . I guess he understood what was happening to him . That sounds just like something he would say . ( guitar continues ) Damn it ! Damn it , Danny ! Hey , Danny ! - ( guitar stops ) - Danny ! Carol , what 's up ? My husband just died is what 's up . My husband is dead , and I 'd appreciate it if you 'd stop making all that noise . Oh , man . I 'm so sorry . If there 's anything I can do ... ( bell rings ) ALLIE : People say that when we grow up . we kick at everything we 've been told . we rebel against the world our parents have worked so hard to bring us into . that part of growing up is kicking at the ties that bind . But I don 't think that 's why we kick at all . I think we kick when we find out that our parents don 't know much more about the world than we do . They don 't have all the answers . We rebel when we find out that they 've been lying to us all along . that there isn 't any Santa Claus at all . ( chattering ) Hey , do you like Husker Du ? I think Bob Mould is probably as deep as it gets . I saw them last year in Sacramento . He was great . I 'm Nina Toth . - I 'm Lisa . - Hi . So how was your first day ? Brutal ? This place is totally harsh , so I 'm gonna make a suggestion . You wanna be friends ? For life . DANNY : Lisa ! And that 's my stepdad . - Really ? - Yep . My mum 's in Berkeley taking a class in alternative nutrition . Oh , cool . So it 's just me and Danny . Well , I gotta go . Okay . Make sure you call me . - All right . - Okay . - Bye . - Bye . RONALD REAGAN : Think how quickly our differences worldwide would vanish if we were facing an alien threat from outside this world . And yet . I ask you ... What could be more alien ... Wait till she forms her own band . ( drums pounding ) All right . Lisa ! Dinner 's ready . Lisa , come on . Dinner 's ready . Potatoes ... ( door shuts ) Lise ? Lise ? Lisa ? I 'm in here . Oh . Sorry . Everything all right ? There 's a phone number in my jacket pocket . Could you get it for me ? Yeah . Number one ... And number two . That ought to hold you . Mr Holding , do you have any champagne ? I 've got some Pepsi . - Pepsi will do . - All right . Just don 't expect me to give you the " today you are a woman " speech . Please don 't . I 'm really glad you called me . I 'm really glad you came . Ladies . Thank you . Here you go . - Thanks . - Lisa ... Today you are a woman . - Well said ! - Cheers . You 're the very first person I ever met who 's lived in a trailer park . My stepdad 's a musician , and the lady who owned a bar he played at owed him money , so we just wound up with this trailer . Don 't apologize . It 's very , um ... Rockford Files . I know , I 'm totally strung out on television . Hey , Nina , thanks again . It was a pleasure meeting you . No problem . Next time Lisa needs anything from the store , give me a call , I 'll tell you which aisle . I 'll see you at school . - Bye . - Bye . You sure you don 't need a ride ? My mum 's picking me up . So ... Guess you 're gonna go out and get all grown up now , huh ? Your mum would be sad she was missing it . You 're getting really good on those drums . Thanks . Danny , I 'd like to take Watson for a walk now . I 'll leave the door open for you . Thanks . Come here . Come on . ( jingling ) Watson , come on . ( barking ) Shh ! Watson ! Watson ! Watson , what is it ? ( Watson barking ) Watson ! Watson ! Watson ! Lisa ... Today you are a woman . - Hi . - Hi . Why do you think the aliens took all their stuff back ? Well ... What makes you think they took it all ? Ha ha ha ! - Enjoy . - Thank you . I hear this was quite a show . Oh , w- - What do you want ? I find I have a lot of free time on my hands . Imagine that . How 's Becky ? You want to have a conversation that doesn 't end up with me coming over this table and stuffing my fist down your throat , you stay off of that subject ! We 're not enemies anymore , Tom . We 're on the same side . I 'm a private citizen now . Our friends saw to that when they took all our evidence . What do you want ? You went from a sceptic to a believer in a nanosecond . That happened months before the Mojave Desert sightings . I want to know why . Maybe I just saw the light . What do you know that you 're not telling ? Say hello to your sister for me . Tell her I miss her . BECKY : So , there was a lot of excitement around here while I was away . I 'm sorry I wasn 't here . I 'm fine , really . Your Uncle Tom has a lot of pretty weird ideas . You 're not starting to have the same ideas , are you ? What if I am ? You come from a special family . Your father had an amazing mind . He could look at things and figure them out . With people , too . He could see things other people couldn 't see . There was a lot about him that ... There was just a lot about him . Honey , your life is changing because you 're growing up . You 're not being abducted into a spaceship . You 're being " taken " into adulthood . Of the two , I 'd say that 's far and away the scarier proposition . Hi . For Austin , Texas , please . Yeah , the number for Tom Clarke . Thank you . How 's Pasadena ? You 've seen one genome , you 've seen ' em all . How 's Julie ? You two still haven 't gotten divorced ? Mary got into Yale , huh ? Thank you for that letter . I told you , they love me . Directed a play there my senior year , won a couple of awards . Gave Harry Hamlin his first part . How the hell you been , man ? Good . Really good . So , uh , what 's all this about ? They said they 'd tell us when we got here . Probably some investigation to find out how we lost a flying saucer . After 12 years , I think it 's about something a little bit more current than that . MAN : This is Mission Control . Do you copy ? Argonaut 1 , come in . Argonaut 1 , come in . Damn it. you guys . where the hell are you ? SECOND MAN : Mission Control . this is Argonaut 1 . What 's going on up there . Argonaut ? What do you mean . Houston ? You 've been off-line 2 hours and 20 minutes . Houston. our last transmission was only four minutes ago . We were at coordinates- - Oh. my God ! About three weeks ago , we sent a manned mission into space . This launch was unannounced . The purpose of this mission was to put certain sensitive equipment into orbit . What sort of equipment ? Do you remember a program of President Reagan 's , the Strategic Defence Initiative ? Yeah . Star Wars . As you probably remember , there were some questions about whether or not this program was feasible . Before President Bush revisits the project , we need to know that it 's viable . So what did you send up ? A reactor ? One of the drawbacks to getting the program off its feet was finding a compact power system that could put out enough kilowatts to power both particle beam weapons and rail guns . You did ! You put this thing into orbit , didn 't you ? Our payload was highly classified . The capsule had been in orbit for 1 4 hours . It was two hours away from being in a position where the payload was to be delivered . The astronauts went dark for almost 2 1 / 2 hours . They disappeared . No contact . Nothing . Then they were back , clear as day . They had no idea they 'd lost 2 1 / 2 hours of their lives . The payload ? Gone . CHET : I guess they didn 't want a reactor messing with whatever they 've got going on up there . This is a waste of time . The people in this room represent $ 286 billion a year in defence spending . We need your help , gentlemen . Stop playing games and tell us everything you know about whoever it is who 's out there and what the hell they want . ( clears throat ) I assume you ladies and gentlemen have all seen E. T. They 're nowhere near that nice . We are back , baby , we are back ! I don 't think you get how big what just happened here is . We are reinstated , fully funded , blessed for as long as Bush is in . Probably after that ! Would you mind getting into this without me ? I 'm gonna keep on the Tom Clarke thing . He keeps getting calls from someone in Los Altos , California . The phone is registered to a Danny Holding . I thought I 'd run out there and take a look . For a while , I thought all this was a bluff . I thought you had something big , but you 've been on this Tom Clarke thing 1 2 years now , and the best you can do is check his phone bill ? Forget Tom Clarke , will you ? I 've looked at other things , but it keeps coming back to him . The Clarke family , they matter . They 're the key to this . This is about your father , isn 't it ? You 're just trying to finish something he started . What exactly you trying to atone for here ? You might as well be looking for Charlie Keys . You 're not gonna come in ? I said good-bye to your father 1 3 years ago . This is something for you to do yourself . Dad ? He isn 't me . He 's making me from the picture in your head . He 's lying . What do you want from me ? ! Leave my family alone ! Dad . Aah ! They 're coming for you ! DANNY : We 've lived here for the last seven years . ERIC : " We " would be ? Myself , my wife , and my daughter . Do you rent , or do you own ? Who rents a trailer ? Are you interested in this sort of thing ? That 's my daughter 's . Well , it 's actually my stepdaughter . Is that important ? Sure it 's important . Everything 's important . Your stepdaughter ? Yeah , from my wife 's first marriage . She was married to the brother of the guy who wrote that book--Tom Clarke . Your wife 's first husband was ... - Jack . - Jack . Jack . That 's Lisa 's dad . We call him Jack , but I 've heard my wife refer to him as Jacob . Is this all part of a regular census questionnaire ? This is a follow-up , Mr Holding . It can never hurt to follow up . Well , here she is now . This is my daughter Lisa . This is Mister ... Jones . Mr Jones from the Census Bureau . I 'm very , very glad to meet you . Do you own any pets ? Oh , come on . Pick up , pick up . Tom Clarke . Uncle Tom , it 's Lisa . Lisa ! There 's a man here . I get a really bad feeling about him . You said I should listen to my feelings because they were from my dad . That 's right . You should . He says he 's from the Census Bureau , asking Danny a lot of questions . In civics , we learned about the census . It happens once every ten years . There 's not supposed to be another one until 2000 . What does he look like ? Blondish hair ... Shorter than you ... Kind of old , like 40 . He 's dangerous . You have to get out of there . Right now ? - Yeah. right now . - Okay Do you remember our plan ? Yes . Go to your friend Nina 's . I understand . I can be there by tomorrow night . ALLIE : My mum told me once that when you 're afraid of something . what you want more than anything else is to make it go away . You want your life back to the way it was before you found out there was something to be afraid of . You want to build a high wall and live your old life behind it . But nothing ever stays the same . It 's not your old life at all . but your new life with a wall around it . Your choice is not about going back to the way things were . Uncle Tom , thanks for coming . Your choice is about hiding or about going right to the heart of the thing that scares you . ( laughing and chatting ) That was so awesome . Schooled that guy . - Got the hands for it . - All right , Charlie , see you . - Good night , Charlie . - See you , Charlie . See you guys tomorrow . ( siren ) ( cat yowls ) ( wind whistling ) ( loud clank ) It 's homey . A person starting college , a life of their own , they need homey . Homey . I kinda like it . How much ? I 'll give your mum a call and let her know we got you settled , but I don 't want you calling her or anybody else for quite a while . Tell me about these people , why they 're looking for me . The man that came into your house , his name was Eric Crawford . His father was an army colonel . His name was Owen Crawford . And he came after your father ... came after Jacob . Your Aunt Becky and I fooled him into thinking that Jake was dead , but I guess that Eric figured it out . But why was Owen Crawford looking for my dad ? This has to do with the things you write about . See ? You already knew . You knew the first time you called me . And you said one day , you 'd explain it all . Yeah , well ... I think you 've had enough excitement for one day . Don 't you ? Listen , if you ever need me , this is what I want you to do . I want you to take out a personal ad in the national edition of the New York Times and have it say , " Drummer seeking gig with ... Texas country band . " You 're young . You could still develop decent taste in music . Listen . I know . But you 're gonna be okay . Okay . Our first date , your dad and I went for hot dogs . You know , your dad never kept his own medals . I don 't think he ever went to collect them . But he carried your grandfather 's with him every day of his life . They were in his pockets when he died . Your grandfather was a hero , Charlie , just like your dad . How 's your job ? I like teaching . I think I 'm pretty good . I 'm sure you are . What 's this ? That is a picture of your father . He must be about eight . This guy with him is his stepdad . Your father used to talk about this . It was the most scared he 'd ever been in his life . Yeah , yeah . This is definitely that . What ? Well , his stepdad took him to a carnival , one of those travelling kind they set up in vacant lots . Some games , some rides , that sort of thing . Those rides , they can be pretty scary . They spin you around , turn you upside down , drop the floor out from underneath you . But none of that scared your father , uh-uh . It was the carnies ... The guys who ran the rides . He said there was something about them that just gave him the creeps . Well , like this guy . I guess if you were eight , he 'd seem pretty creepy , huh ? What was wrong with dad ? He had a- - He had a brain disorder . Made him believe certain things . What kind of things ? He 's dead now . Do you really want to remember this part of him ? I want whatever I can get . He believed he 'd been taken ... by aliens . Lots of times . And the men ? The people we were hiding from ? - I guess they believed that , too . - How about you ? I don 't know , sweetie . I don 't know what I believe . Your dad said once they were like his guardian angels . He thought they were protecting him ? No , he thought they wanted him for something . He believed they had saved him from dying in Vietnam . I think , in the end , he thought they were coming after you . They have come for me . More than once . That 's why he screamed the last time he saw me . He could see that they were already taking me . If you were eight , yeah , maybe this would scare you . But you know what , mum ? None of this scares me anymore . Now it just makes me mad . If they come again , I 'm not going without a fight , and if that lands me in some hospital room , staring out some window , screaming , then that 's what it does . What was he like , my grandfather ? I didn 't really know him that well . He kind of frightened me . How come ? He was always nice to me . I--I don 't know . I guess he just terrified your father so much . All your father ever wanted from that man was a pat on the back . It 's amazing how not getting something so simple can do so much . ( door shuts ) When did you get in ? Night before last . I had a few days before fall quarter starts . Good to have you home . I 'm sorry , honey . He 's got a lot on his mind . Why don 't you leave him ? What ? Leave , as in pack your bags , walk out the door , and don 't come back . It 's not as simple as that . Yes , it is . He 's thoughtless , insensitive . If he can still get it up , he 's doubtless unfaithful . Honey- - You know it 's true . I have my compensations . I have you . So move to New Haven . You 'll have more of me and less of him . I can set you up with my " Perspectives on Science " professor . He 's very cute . You 're terrible . It 's in the blood . Do you think I look anything like him ? " Home is the sailor home from the sea and the hunter home from the hill . " I 've got something important to tell you . It can keep . I 've got earth-shattering news . You ready ? You wanna sit down or ... What 's your news ? I was wrong . " About what ? " you ask . " It 's like this , " I answer . I take all the money the generals threw at us , and I tell my guys , " Build me something that will pick up the impulse signals from those implants " - - The signals that were being amplified by that transformer . The transformer I said was the body we had stored at Groom Lake . Y-Yes . They build the thing . They turn it on . Voila ! Lights up like a Christmas tree . " Now , why does this make me wrong ? " you ask . Okay . These signals are big and bad and boosted . Somewhere on this planet , there 's still a transmitter going strong , as if when they grabbed all their stuff , they deliberately left it behind . What does this give us ? What I always said it would . We can track any implant , anytime , anywhere . Look at this . Find Alan for me , will you ? Remember that chip we took out of the girl from Cleveland ? We put it into the head of a guy named Alan . Works for the Department of the Interior . - Thinks he went in for a root canal . - Found him , sir . Get him . OPERATOR : Motel 6 . May I speak with Mr Alan Stewart ? One moment . ALAN : Hello ? - Mr Stewart ? - Yes . Hold for Dr Lamarr . WOMAN : Who 's on the phone ? Quiet . ( disguised voice ) It 's Dr Lamarr . Just wanted to check on your root canal . Is that your wife ? ! How does she know where you are ? I-I 'm fine . Dr Lamarr . how did you find me ? Mr Stewart , I 'm a dentist . That 's my job . WOMAN : If you 're gonna talk to her . what 's the point of being here with me ? I have to go . I 've got a patient in the chair . You understand . I still don 't understand how this helps us . Oh , yeah . This sea of blinking lights , our very own galaxy of abductees . How do we know who goes with each blinking light ? Exactly . We cross-reference known abductees , their movements , et cetera , with the implant data . We name them and eliminate them . That leaves unidentified abductees . If there 's someone we 're looking for , we feed in everything we can- - data from field agents , all of that--compare patterns . Amazing what you can do with a modern computer and a couple of billion dollars in taxpayers ' money . Can you find Charlie Keys ? Yeah . How would you like to find somebody else ? ( playing hard rock ) ( song ends ) You kinda suck . Do you think you can unsuck by a week from Wednesday ? We 've got a gig at the O.K. Hotel . I 'm in the band ? No one else answered the ad . No way , man ! Didn 't really mean it . About you sucking . You 're no worse than the rest of us . Thanks , I guess . Just felt kinda bad , like I hurt your feelings or something . I 'm tougher than that . First time away from home ? Yeah . ( scratching noises ) I remember the first time I slept on my own in my new apartment . When I woke up . it took me a minute to remember where I was . ( chuckles ) I 'm lying there thinking how weird it is . Yesterday. when I woke up . everything was normal . Today. it 's gonna be different forever . That 's exactly what happened to me . I expect to wake up any minute and be back in my old room ... " It was all just a dream . " ( noises continue ) Thanks for being so nice . It makes all of this a little less heavy . Anytime . No , you are not gonna take me ! You are not gonna take me again ! You get the hell away from me ! Get the hell away from me ! ( knock on door ) ( knocking ) It 's open . ( gasps ) What are you doing ? Sorry , Naomi . I 'm sorry . Nothing . Sorry . This is how you 're spending your leave of absence ? Sitting in the dark , reading , with a baseball bat by the door in case anyone drops by ? I just needed a little time by myself . I 've been principal at Lincoln for ten years , and I taught there before that . Charlie , you 're the best teacher I 've ever seen . I 'm not gonna lose you without a fight . What is all this ? That 's nothing . " The Alien Agenda : What The Abductions Really Mean " ? Compendium of Alien Races ? " Adopt An Alien " ? What is this all about ? Oh , my God . You think you 've been abducted by aliens . Do you have any idea how many people say that they 've been abducted every year ? Charlie ... People believe in those things because they have to believe in something . If that 's all it is , how come all the stories are so similar ? Because we see the same movies , we read the same books ... They 've been taking me since I was nine . The last time they took me was only six weeks ago . They came into this house , and they took me . I tried to fight back . I kicked and I hit and I bit . It did nothing ! They ripped me right through the living room wall ! No ! You are not gonna take me ever again ! You 're not gonna take me ! You 're not ! ( Charlie sobbing ) Charlie . There 's no reason at all why you should believe me . So I 'm gonna get proof , and I 'm gonna show you and anyone else who will listen that I 'm not crazy . Okay , Charlie . Okay . It took us almost two months before we found her . Something wrong with your system ? No , the system 's fine . She just doesn 't have an implant . Why would she ? She 's Jacob Clarke 's daughter . What do you do for an amputee ? You build them a fake hand . From their point of view , we 'd be psychic amputees . We 're missing something they take for granted . So what did they give us ? Implants . They 've given us electronic versions of what they have biologically . Pull up the images of the brain tissue samples we took from that fire in Alaska . Spectrographic analysis turned up some weird trace compounds . Colour code for density threshold . This sample comes from the brain of that twin who died in the fire with your brother . The twins were failed attempts at crossbreeding , but we worked from the assumption their cellular structure is almost identical to Lisa 's . Good . Now zoom out . The tissue is doing double duty- - spirals of neurons acting as antennae . We found her . She was just broadcasting on another frequency . ( rock music blares ) ( chattering ) Hey , dude ! Bye . Hey , Lisa , how you doing ? We got so much to talk about . Don 't stand there- - do something ! Unh ! The national edition of the New York Times. please . ( dialing ) I 'd like to place an ad in the personals . TOM : I never told anyone about your father . I didn 't put it in any of my books . But when Eric Crawford came after you , I should have told you . I don 't know if I would have believed you . So ... This Crawford came after me because I 'm ... One-quarter alien ? Does make you pretty interesting . Wow . From what I have experienced , and I 'm only talking about what I 've seen ... They don 't want to hurt anybody . They saved you . They walked you home . Your father was very important to them . And I guess that you are , too . I think I know why . CHET : These are the matched repeaters . We started with anyone who had been taken more than once . We noticed there was a subset- - People repeatedly taken on the same day as others . We found Charlie Keys . Let 's assume he 's part of pair number 55 . Why 55 ? Numbers thing . Go with me for a moment . Charlie 's last abduction , right after we started tracking him , came on September 8th . If we backdate Lisa 's pregnancy , we can give her a conception date of September 8th . They 're breeding him with a girl who 's ... One-quarter alien already . It 's beautiful , isn 't it ? I 'm not quite getting it . That 's ' cause you don 't have my years of experience in the private sector . See , in the biotech world , most of our research goes into recessive traits- - things we can breed out of a species or into it . What do we know about the Keys family ? The grandfather , Russell , is a bomber pilot . His son is a Vietnam vet and rescue worker . These men are strong , brave , extremely resilient . One other thing- - When they 're taken , they fight back . And the Clarkes- - Jacob , he could do things . My father was terrified of him . But he was physically weak . In a way , he was no more suited to survive than those mutant brothers in the Alaskan woods . And Lisa ... And Lisa , she doesn 't seem to have inherited her father 's gifts or his physical weakness . She seems to be nothing more than a carrier . - You ever cook with tarragon ? - Hmm ? It 's a very strong spice . One pinch is all you need . Otherwise , it overpowers the dish you 're making . Genetics is a lot like cooking- - little pinch of this , little more of that . But what are they cooking ? That , my son and heir , is one hell of a whopper , isn 't it ? Super weapon or saviour , take your pick . ALLIE : Sometimes the best way to move into the unknown is to take familiar steps . small steps . to do ordinary things to deal with something that is in no way ordinary . We 're always going someplace new. all the time . Familiar things just let us pretend that we aren 't moving into unfamiliar territory . You take those small. familiar steps . and you try to be honest . not to live as if nothing had changed . but still to go on with your life . But there are times when what you need is a piece of how things used to be . Aah ! Mum ! ( Laughing ) Nina ! This guitar player , Tony ... I was auditioning for his band . I don 't think I like this guitar player . I went back to the rehearsal studio the next day to see him . He 'd left for L.A. Prick . No , that 's not what I mean at all . He 'd left for L.A. right from the rehearsal studio that night . A friend of his came by and got him . He hadn 't followed me home at all . Well , you went home with somebody . No , I didn 't . Honey , come home . The people you were hiding from , the same people who were looking for your father , Tom says they know where you are . They 're not gonna bother me . Because beings from another world are looking out for you ? Yes , mum . That 's exactly why . You weren 't here . You didn 't see what happened to me . Mum , l- - Mum . This is gonna be all right . I know it . I can feel it . You can , can 't you ? You 're your father 's daughter . You know that . Sooner or later , you two are gonna have to tell me what this is all about . It started when I was eight . I used to have these ... at the time , I thought they were dreams . There was always the same guy ... ( speaking Spanish ) What 's he saying ? " The craft are leaving . " This man is a farmer in Tierra Del Fuego . He 's reported sightings for the past eight years . We think many of the craft stay out of sight around the Antarctic . One day , two weeks ago , he sees the ships , sky full of them , all above his field , middle of the day . Then that 's it . Hasn 't seen ' em since . Woman from Siberia has a similar story . And Norway , Alaska , Zanzibar , Australia . 144 multi-witness , confirmable reports from all over the world . How long has this been going on ? About six weeks now . One big rush , then zilch . Absolutely no activity . Not one sighting . Nothing . Six weeks , and you never mentioned this to me ? - I 'm mentioning it now . - This is still my project . Abso-friggin ' - lutely . Eric , this is me , Chet . We 've been through the wars , buddy . I was just giving you a little space , Letting you come to terms with your divorce and all . How you liking the single life , by the way ? What do you think this means ? It 's the calm . The calm ? Yeah . The one that comes before the storm . ( guitar being strummed ) MAN : Speculation continues in the Pacific Northwest over the many reports of lights in the sky . The government will neither confirm nor deny the rumours ... They 're beautiful . ... of secret aircraft being tested as part of a new Strategic Defence Initiative recently funded by Congress ... It 's gonna be okay . Is it ? Definitely . What if there 's something wrong with the baby ? Honey , really . It 's gonna be great . No , it 's not that . I think my water just broke . ( panting ) You 're gonna be all right . Yeah . ( panting ) Less than a minute apart . Will you call my mum ? ( both giggle ) CHET : Good , here 's the general . Gentlemen . General . We feed directly off the Cheyenne Mountain computer . This grid shows the actions of every known man-made object in space- - screws from a 1 984 shuttle mission , a screwdriver the Russians dropped off Mir . and thousands- - thousands--of satellites . You didn 't bring us up from Washington to see screws . We 've had unidentified before , but nothing like this . Look . We eliminate the ones we 've I.D. ' d , and we 're left with these . Earlier tonight , there were hundreds of new objects . We thought the system had gone down . And then the objects ... coalesced . That 's the only way I know how to explain it . There were lots of little ones , and now there 's one very , very big one . You 'd better have a good cover story , General . No one 's gonna believe this is marsh gas . - That 's right , a little more . - There you go . Can you scootch up a little ? ( grunting ) What do you have in the way of drugs ? See if the doctor 's available . The mother 's b.p. is high . You 'll feel better in a couple of minutes . She 's nine centimeters . Stop pushing . I can 't . Listen to me , you have to stop . We have to bring your blood pressure down before you can have this baby . Get Dr Catrell . You 'll have to step out . It 's a slight complication . - What 's going on ? - You have to go now ! ( moaning ) Sir , it 's coming down . Surface velocity , 388.1 meters per second at 249.4 degrees local . Altitude , - 75.2 meters per second . Deinclination and speed on this thing- - they 're impossible . It 's over Seattle and coming down fast . Flash alert to CINC-NORAD . Move to Defcon 2 . If it 's what I think it is , none of that 'll matter . Her blood pressure 's 200 over 1 00 . She 's had two seizures . There 's protein in her urine . She 's eclamptic . Let 's stabilize her . Two grams magnesium , five milligrams hydralazine . Altitude , - 37.0 meters per second . 54.4 at 231.2 , alt - 33.6 . 52.8 at 229.0 , alt - 30.1 . What 's happening to you is called eclampsia , but we 've treated your seizures , and we 're bringing down your blood pressure . Why is this happening ? 52.8 at 229.0 , alt - 30.1 . 51.2 at 227.8 , alt - 26.7 . It 's slowing down . It 's levelling out . - She 's stabilizing . - Okay , very nice . - No sign of foetal distress . - Here comes another contraction . If you can work with me , we can bring this baby into the world without a C-section , okay ? - Yeah . - Okay . We 're gonna try some pushing . 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... and push ! Push , push , push , push ! Okay , good girl . Stop . Nice job , Lisa . Vitals ? B.P ' . s down to 1 20 . She 's stabilizing . Very nice . We 're gonna do it again , Lisa , okay ? 30.6 meters per second at 21 3.8 degrees local . Altitude , - 9.3 meters per second . Great . Let 's just wait for another contraction . Just a second , and we 'll go again . Ready ? On three . 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... push ! Push , push , push , push . - Stop ! - Vitals still stable . Way to go , Lisa ! Estimated hover point- - 47-39-1 4 north , 1 22-1 8-34 west . You 're almost there . Just a few more pushes , okay ? Oh , my God . My God ! Why is there so much blood ? It 's all right . Doctor , there 's foetal distress . I 'm taking this baby now . Forceps . Prep suction . She 's in D.I.C. She 's bleeding out ! Hurry up ! Hurry up ! We 're losing the baby , too . 25.2 at 21 1.0 , alt - 4.9 . It--it stopped ! It 's disappeared . What ? It 's gone . It can 't be gone . We have the mother 's heartbeat . Baby is stabilizing . She 's stopped bleeding . I want a teal-amber search , code red , right now . Go . Find the damn thing . Go ! ( baby crying ) Hey . Hey . You 're not supposed to be here , you know . You were bleeding to death . What happened ? The bleeding stopped . Nobody knows why . I told you they 'd look over you . My baby ? She 's beautiful . Seven pounds , three ounces . Perfect little baby girl . ( cooing to baby ) Oh ... hi . NINA : Do you know what you 're gonna name her ? Allison . Allie . Her name is Allie . Hey there , Allie . ALLIE : My mum says that life is like a roller-coaster ride . There are ups and downs . there are big scares and slow builds and places where it levels out . The only difference with this roller coaster is that every time it stops . you get off in someplace totally different from where you got on . How 's your mother ? She 's fine . She does not send you her love . Thanks for coming . You said it was important . Your grandfather found this in Pine Lodge , New Mexico . He found it at a crash site . So it 's all true . What does it say ? No one 's been able to translate it . Maybe it 's a grocery list . He gave it to you ? Your father ? Left it for me . I found it after he died . And there was a note . My father and I ... We weren 't very close . Well , he left this for you . He must have changed his mind . My brother died . And your father just after that . Before he died , I think my father got a better look at me . What does Uncle Chet say about this ? Dr Wakeman hasn 't seen it . Why are you showing it to me now ? There 's a great deal of power that comes with the kind of knowledge I 'm privy to . I anticipate change . I want you to join me in the program , Mary . This is something that shouldn 't go outside the family . CHET : Hello , Thrill seekers . Look at you , little Mary , all grown up and beautiful ! How 's the quest for the Nobel Prize coming ? I got very close on a genomic mismatch scanning technique . " Close " like " should Miss America fail to fulfill her duties " close ? Close as in Patrick Brown got there first . You 're just a grad student . You 'll get there . Lisa had her baby . Little girl . Are we going to try to pick her up ? What would be the point in that ? God ! I 've been wanting to do this since you were 1 3 . Me , too . Why don 't you pick up the baby ? You don 't waste any time , do you ? She 's clearly important . In fact , I 'd say she 's the point of all this . Definitely . - So pick her up . - Take her . No , they 'd just take her back . They 're way better at that than we are . So what are we gonna do ? We watch and wait . And we figure out a way to take her that will work . Watch and wait . That sounds a lot like my father . I 'm nothing like your father ! I have a theory about who she is . You want to hear it ? Evolution tends to eliminate , or at least , uh ... Subjugate emotion . The limbic brain is still down there . But it 's way ... Down ... under . Why we don 't run through the streets killing people- - at least most of us . ( giggles ) Imagine their abilities combined with the energy of our strong emotion . They 'd be cherry bombs ... she 'd be a nuclear explosion . MAN : Ladies and gentlemen , may I present to you White Shadow . White Shadow comes to us after spending the last three years jumping through a flaming hoop at a sea show in Florida . Hopefully , over time , as we come to know and understand these creatures a little better , we 'll become more caring and compassionate in our behaviour towards them . Here at the aquarium , it is our hope that we can bring you that one step closer to truly knowing another species . Any questions ? Once the dolphin 's been in captivity , is it possible to return the animal to its native environment ? Not in most cases , although it depends on how long the animal has been away and under what conditions it was kept , but in most cases , once an animal has been taken , there 's little hope of an uneventful return . What 's the matter with them ? I remember the first time that I ever saw dolphins . I was three . It was the first time in my life I can remember knowing that something was beautiful ... and it was the first time I had the feeling there was something about me that was different from everybody else . ( Subtitle Revised by HchC ) Previously on Taken ... ( Subtitle Revised by HchC ) It started when I was eight . They 've been taking me since I was nine . At the time , I thought they were dreams . There was always the same guy . Grandfather was a hero , Charlie , just like your dad . He believed he 'd been taken by aliens . It was the carnies , the guys who ran the rides . He said there was something about them that just gave him the creeps . I think he thought they were coming after you . They have come for me . WOMAN : You think you 've been abducted by aliens . There is no reason at all why you should believe me , so I 'm gonna get proof , and I 'm gonna show you and anyone else who will listen that I 'm not crazy . ERIC : There 's a great deal of power that comes with the kind of knowledge I 'm privy to . What are you saying , Dad ? I anticipate change . I want you to join me in the program , Mary . I 've looked at other things , but it keeps coming back to the Clarke family . They matter . They 're the key to this . This is about your father . You 're just trying to finish something he started . MAN : Charlie and Lisa , both taken on September 8th of this year . The most recent simultaneous abduction . ERIC : They 're breeding him with a girl who 's- - 1 / 4 alien already . WOMAN : The people you were hiding from know where you are . They 're not gonna bother me . Why ? Because beings from other world , they 're looking out for you ? Yes , that 's exactly why . Your father was very important to them . I guess that you are , too . LISA : I think I know why . My water just broke . DOCTOR : Forceps . Prep suction . Lisa had her baby . Little girl . WOMAN : Do you know what you 're gonna name her ? Allie . Her name is Allie . We 're going to try to pick her up ? - Are you about ready , Patty ? - Ready . ( clears throat ) Okay . We were coming back from a fishing trip , and we 're on Highway 89 coming out of Tahoe City . It wasn 't a fishing trip . You always tell it as a fishing trip . We 'd gone to visit the Nortons . No , no , no . We didn 't visit the Nortons . We were fishing Echo Lake . There was no fishing on this trip . One of the most memorable nights of your life , and you don 't remember- - - I know I wasn 't fishing . - Can I finish telling the man the story ? I 'm not saying don 't tell him . " Get your facts straight , " is all I 'm saying . You know what ? She always does this to me . Anyway , we 're coming down Highway 89 from Tahoe City- - you 're not gonna argue about it being Highway 89 ? Why would I ? God . Anyway , so I look at my watch , and it 's 7.30 , and then , all of a sudden- - All of a sudden , there 's this blinding flash . I mean ... you know what it 's like when you stare into the sun when you were a kid ? It was a lot brighter than that . Why would he have stared at the sun ? - Most kids do . - I never did . Well , aren 't we the second coming ? - Can I finish the story ? - Who 's stopping you ? You are , dear . Anyway , this light , it doesn 't even pass over us , but more like through us , and then it 's up in the sky , and then it goes down behind these pine trees , so we stop the car and we get out , we got this glowing behind the trees , and we have no idea what it is- - My Mike was so brave . - Well , you were , sweetheart . - I didn 't do anything . You took my hand and told me not to worry . Yeah , well , anybody would 've done that . Oh , no , they wouldn 't have . So , anyway , this light starts coming through the trees , and then the car dies . We 're up on this mountain , and my car goes dead . We got curved roads , we got a steep drop-off , engine won 't start , I 've got no steering , but here 's the funny thing , see- - with this light coming at us , I don 't care because I know that we 're gonna be all right . The next thing we know , we 're driving down Walnut Street and pulling up in front of our house . It 's 5.00 in the morning . The sky is just starting to get pink . We 're at the top of that hill at 7.30 at night , we didn 't get to the bottom till 5.00 in the morning , more than nine hours later . And this is all just what happened that night . It wasn 't till about three months later that Mike started having the dreams . You know , you wouldn 't think that dreams could scare you , but mine got so bad , I wouldn 't go to sleep . I was having them , too , but neither of us were talking about it , so neither of us knew what the other was dreaming . We 'd just be sitting there watching TV , trying not to fall asleep , not knowing what was on the other person 's mind . It wasn 't until we got sent to that hypnotherapies Dr Fulton . That 's when we both remembered where we 'd been that night for that nine and a half hours and who we 'd been with . This is a picture Mike drew when Dr Fulton asked him under hypnosis what happened to us on the road that night . And that there ... is a picture that Patty drew when the doc asked her the same question . This is the truth of it , and there can be no doubt- - is that my wife Patricia and I were taken by aliens . We 've been interviewed quite a few times . You seem to have more than just a passing interest in this . Do you have your own story ? ( Loud laughter echoing ) ( screams ) ALLIE : If a dream is just a dream . something that happens in your mind while you 're asleep . then that 's all right . It 's yours to take with you into the morning . and it fades away there in the light . But when the dreams start to come while you 're awake . and they come with the light . then that is not all right . What we look for then is other people who have dreamed what we 've dreamed . who have seen what we 've seen . When the dreams become real . sometimes the only comfort you can find is in knowing that you 're not alone . LISA SINGING TO RADIO : # I caught up with my ex-boyfriend # # You 're the reason I 'm in this mess # # And when they show up # # I 'll give them what you said # # Your address # I just get to this place where I feel like it is so totally out of my control . I just don 't see the point . It all ends , anyway , right ? So why bother ? I get up every day , all I see is the end of the day , and I just--I 'm not into doing anything at all . I--I could use some help with that . When you play a song , when you 're right in the middle , are you thinking about how the song ends ? No way . It 's all I can do to get through a song just staying focused right where I am . Oh ... okay . Okay . Thank you . Dude , this little girl 's profound . Hi , Mum . Hey . Are we here to get enlightenment or play some rock 'n ' roll ? Hey , you sit close to me , all right ? My timing 's always a little better when you 're around . That 's ' cause she 's a drummer 's daughter . # This is the heart of nowhere # # It 's a dark , one-way street # # This is the land ... # As long as I can remember . people have liked to talk to me . You know. kind of how somebody says something to you . Doesn 't have to mean so much . It 's just that it opens a door for you . and you can see into a room you couldn 't see into before . It doesn 't really matter how you got there . The important part is . you 're seeing something new and different . # This is the heart of nowhere # - Morning . - Morning . Rough waters out there . MARY : This new footage of Allie just came in from our man in Seattle . ERIC : She can block a shot on goal , but other than that , she hasn 't demonstrated any of the kind of powers we were expecting . She 's a little kid . Give her time . A lot of genetic traits don 't demonstrate until just before adolescence . Schizophrenia , for example . We still can 't pick her up . They 'll just take her back like they did when we tried for Lisa . - That used to be the case . - " Used to be " ? Wanna see what we can do ? Step this way . Microwave radiation- - that part of the light spectrum , in the case of the oven , 1 2.5 centimetres , to be exact . We block that wavelength , and the hamster 's on easy street . But we let that same wavelength through ... Jeez . In meditation , we learn the oneness of all things , the harmony that flows through nature . This is the same idea , stripped of the comforting notion of divinity , that we find in science , more specifically in mathematics . One , one , two , three , five , eight . The Fibonacci Sequence . One number added to the one before it makes the next number in the sequence , and from this sequence , we get the golden mean . We find these numbers everywhere- - shells , nebulae , the spiral of a pine cone , bee hives ... DNA . God 's equation writ large across the heavens . The cow grazing contentedly in the meadow , the grass on which she grazes , the breeze that blows through . All parts of the one , the whole . - Is this going somewhere ? - Their crafts hold five . Add the number of confirmed sightings in New Mexico last year--1,597 . They have three fingers , one thumb . The number of breeding pairs you charted last year when you were figuring out who Allie was--55 . 1 , 3 , 5 , 55 , 1,597 . All Fibonacci numbers . How many lights on the board ? 46,367 . - And with our little friend Allie ? - 46,368 . The 24th Fibonacci . So , how do we take our revelation and turn it into an effective block so that we can grab little 46,368- - our little Allie ? WAKEMAN : This is Peter Miller . Mr Miller 's been taken 1 3 times . Oh , don 't worry . I 'm not gonna splatter him all over the room . Janitorial would never forgive me . Mr Miller has an implant . We 're monitoring it . You can see it right here on the map . Topeka , Montpelier , Somerset , Augusta . There we are- - Ellsworth , Maine . Right here . The implants broadcast on a spread spectrum . The frequencies are all based around the hydrogen hyperfine transition line , the most fundamental wavelength in the universe . Check this out . We block those frequencies , and in much the same manner as the hamster didn 't splatter , the implant doesn 't register . If we wanna pick someone up , we ought to be able to do it without having them grabbed right back . Will this work on the girl ? Allie has no implant . She doesn 't need one . She 's got the neuron spiral . But the same principle applies . We can block her frequency , too . And they can 't find her . Okay , let 's pick her up before she demonstrates . After that , we may not be able to . We 're sure she hasn 't demonstrated at all yet , right ? Not according to our agent . You know that therapy group her mother 's in ? We have someone in that group . Good . MAN : I believe this all has to do with the landing strip at the bottom of Lake Superior . You look at the contrails . As soon as they appeared in the sky above St. Paul , the incidence of severe upper respiratory infection quadrupled in the twin cities . These trails are messages . WOMAN : You 're reaching there . The idea of group is to listen . We 're not judging each other . I think you 're reaching here , Ray . There is a base and a landing strip at the bottom of Lake Superior . That 's why the government has spread this cover story about pollution in the lake , to keep the curious away . And those contrails , they are messages to the denizens of this base . WOMAN : Where do you get your information , Ray ? I was taken there on my third abduction . How come you didn 't drown ? RAY : They did something that enabled me to breathe underwater . That makes sense . We 're to believe your story about seeing your dead son on a spaceship , but I can 't go to the bottom of Lake Superior ? - I didn 't say I didn 't believe you . - It was on your face . The doubt . I was thinking about my own experience about my boy . Can you share some of that story with us , Dale ? We lost our son Luke in the Gulf War , Desert Storm . They got names for these things like movies , but this was no damn movie . This wasn 't anything that made any sense . He was driving in a truck , taking supplies somewhere in the desert . The war was already over . There was a mine . No one ever knew if it was theirs or ours . About six months after we got the news about Luke is when they first came for me . I woke up , and there were these five young men standing by my bed . Soldiers , just like my boy . They asked me if I wanted to see Luke , and I don 't remember anything else until I was in this big , bright room . And Luke was there . And we were talking . We ... had had this fight , Luke and I . You know , like boys and fathers do , then he went into the army before we had a chance to make it right . But there we were , talking like there was no tomorrow . They would come for me every night , these same soldiers . At first , I 'd just sit and talk with my son- - how are the Mariners doing , and what 's going on down at the plant ? That sort of thing . It was wonderful ... to see my boy again . But then they started taking him away . We 'd be talking , and then , uh , he 'd be gone . It was as if they wanted to see what would happen if they could make me grieve again . Sometimes we 'd start to fight , having that same fight . Your son 's dead . You 're having bad dreams , that 's all . DALE : That 's what my wife said . WOMAN : That 's why the two of you separated , isn 't it ? That was just an excuse . Truth of it was , we couldn 't stand to look at each other anymore . All either one of us could see was Luke . You were a jerk to him , and you feel bad about it now that it 's too late , and it 's not something you can fix . Do these look like dreams to you ? Is that what you 'd name them ? That could 've happened any way . You could 've done it to yourself . Please . Please , Dale , sit down . Sit down . Now , you 're here , you 're all here because you believe you 've experienced something . This is hard work , it 's painful work , but we can get through it if we work together , all right ? Good . Why don 't you believe my experience ? You 've been taken . You know how it works . Just offering alternatives . ( door opens ) Sorry , everybody . I had to drop off Allie at soccer practice . Lisa , we have a guest today . This is Charlie . Charlie 's been videotaping the session for a documentary he 's doing . He 's been interviewing people all around the country who 've had experiences like all of yours , and now he 's found his way to us . The rest of us have agreed to allow ourselves to be put on tape , but ... if you 're not comfortable with that , then- - No , I 'm not . - Turn that off , please . - Sorry . I just try to keep my life private . I 'm sorry . I understand . Do I ... Did Dorothy share today ? She thinks her cats are aliens . Do they live at the bottom of Lake Superior ? That 's the nice thing about being in the group . It makes me feel positively normal . ( chuckles ) You 're doing a documentary ? Not exactly . I 've ... had experiences myself . How long have they been taking you ? Since I was a kid . I didn 't really know what was going on until I 'd grown up , but ... since I was a kid . Me , too . They don 't take me anymore . They haven 't in nine years . And what I 've been trying to do since then is prove that it really happened , figure out why they stopped . I 'd just stick to the story about being a documentary filmmaker . Did ... did you like your abductions ? CHARLIE : Like them ? Yeah , as in look forward to ' em , enjoy ' em ? For me , it was always that . I used to get this buzz , this energy thing . It felt great . I believe this whole abduction deal is gonna turn out to be a positive event . Right now , people think we 're whack , fringe dwellers , but that 's gonna change . We 've been chosen for something . This thing busts open , we 're gonna be the folks to see . For me , it was never a buzz , anything like that . I didn 't know what was happening to me , and I fought back as hard as I could . Really ? I--I should get going . My daughter 'll be home soon from soccer practice . You have a daughter ? Allie . She 's nine . You have any pictures of yourself as a kid ? - You think it goes back that far ? - Why not ? Yeah , I have one of me and my mum . She 's pretty . Oh , that 's my dad . That 's him as a little kid with my grandfather . You would agree with me this whole thing 's kind of weird , right ? Well , it just got a whole lot weirder . This is the guy . I 've never come across anything like this . It 's extraordinary . This is your father ? He had been taken , too ? - It started with my grandfather . - It seems to run in families . We call these " screen memories . " It 's as if they take a sample of our memories and choose the realities they present us with . This was something , this carnival , that scared my father . And they used it . That 's not an uncommon part of the experience . But this ... to take a sample of your father 's memory and use it as a screen on both of you ? Why , it 's ... truly remarkable . I thought you 'd like it . I 'd like to regress you both , take you back to one of your abductions , see if we can figure out what this is all about , maybe even find out where the two of you met . Lisa , I think it might help Charlie if you and I were to work together first . With this new information , I might take you in a completely different direction . - Anytime . - How about now ? Do you mind if Charlie stays ? We ... do seem to have a lot in common . ( piano music plays softly ) I guess we should 've gone home and changed first . I don 't care if you don 't . Doesn 't bother me at all . Have you ever been here before ? My dad took me here when I was a kid . Hope I remember which fork to use . With me and my mum , it was mostly pizza . Where 's your mum now ? Detroit . She 's a nurse . That 's how she met my dad . - Was he a doctor ? - He was a patient . How about you ? What does your dad do ? My dad died when I was eight . I 'm sorry . My stepdad , he 's a musician , a guitarist . My mum 's a nutritionist . She could tell you not to eat anything they serve here . My real dad- - you use a computer ? Sure . He invented the buzz control scheme and half of the floating point logic . I thought , with our luck , we 'd wind up in a carnival . This is kind of like a carnival . - To us . - Us . - Hi . - Hi . - I 'm Charlie . - Okay . You 're in the third grade , right ? You 're doing State History ? You 're reading Sarah . Plain and Tall ? This is the " big ideas " year in science- - electricity , magnetism . I taught third grade the last three years . We read Sarah . Plain and Tall last year . This year , it 's Island of the Blue Dolphins . CHARLIE : It 's a good one . So this is the year I find out how everything works ? - The " big ideas " ? - Mm-hmm . And everybody takes these classes ? CHARLIE : Pretty much . So then what happens , they all forget ? I never thought about it like that- - LISA : Sorry , Al . I had to park all the way over by Parson Gardens . You 're cute . Where 's Lisa ? She , uh- - Lisa 's getting garlic . Hey , girls . How was soccer practice ? I 'm trying to convince my god-daughter she doesn 't want to play goalie . It 's either boring , boring , boring or , oh , my God , oh , my God . I don 't think it 's so boring . You get to watch the play come to you . And then it gets there , and oh , my God , oh , my God . Not if you 've been watching the play . There 's no getting around you . Who are you ? We 've been trying to figure that out all day . - Oh , another day-tripper ? - It 's ... a long story . For which I don 't have time . I 've got four freshmen who want Celtic bands and a concept artist who designed his own tattoo . He says it goes across his face to cover the lie . I 'm gonna be up all night . I do tattoos . Oh . You should get Lisa to show you her alien . You know , you really are cute . I bet I 'm gonna be seeing you around . Will you take a picture of his face once you 've covered up the lie ? Without question . Good-bye , sweetheart . Bye . I guess Charlie 's staying for dinner . Maybe if you 're real good , he 'll help you set the table . Did I hear you say you 're a schoolteacher ? I was , yeah . What happened ? I got a little too interested in other things . You 've been on the spaceships , too ? At first , I wondered if I should tell her , but it would 've been weirder to try and go to the group without even mentioning it . Yes , I have . Was it scary ? Kind of . Did it make you mean ? I don 't think so . How come ? My mum didn 't get mean , either . But some of the people she knows did . I think people get mean when they 're scared . You 're working late . Just wanna make sure there 's nothing I missed . In this light , you look like my father . You have his singleness of vision , something I never had . I envy you for that . I just wanna see this through . That 's what I mean . She just looks like a little girl , doesn 't she ? She doesn 't look special at all . This is Brad . This is Devon . And this is Rich . He 's the cutest . LISA : She does this just to humiliate me . I 'm nine . I 'm supposed to like this stuff . I like this song . This Alayna one 's really good , too . Oh , my God , man , the both of you ... I drive a lot , I listen to the radio . I like these guys . What am I gonna do , brand my own child with a scarlet " L " ? " L " ? For " lame . " # Every time I press rewind # # Stop when the red light flashes # # Upsy-daisy , my whole world crashes # That 's my journal . I write down things I think of and stuff . Oh , that 's a good idea . I always wished I 'd done that , but every time I start , I kind of get too lazy . Maybe sometime I could read you mine . That 'd be great . You 're up next , you know . Up next ? Your regression with Harriet . You 're next . You 've never done it before , have you ? Sometimes that can be a lot of information , just so you know . # Talk to me and help me understand # # Tell me how my eye got black and blue # ALLIE : I grew up . just my mum and me . I never thought a lot about who my father was or where he 'd gone . I guess I knew there was something missing . but when you 're a kid . your life is just your life . You don 't think about all the other ways it might have been . - Allie ? - Hi , Mr Watson . Is your mum inside ? Guess I 'm a little early . I get cooped up in my apartment . Guess I just need to get out . Your son Luke ... He loved you very much . Why did you say that ? I just thought you should know . Thank you , sweetheart . Thank you very much . I think. when you 're older . what gets hard is that you forget how to take things as they come . And sometimes . the things that do come are more than anyone should have to take . GIRL : Come on , guys ! NINA : Keep your feet moving . Don 't get stuck in one place . All right , let 's get two passes . Good . Good . Nice pass . Nice pass . Good . That boy 's going down . NINA : Heads up , Allie ! NINA : Okay , we got it back . Good . Good work , girls . Allie and I are very ... close . - How do you wanna tell her ? - l-I don 't know . I don 't know if I wanna tell her . She has to know . No , she doesn 't . We 're doing fine here . Allie and me are fine . I don 't know you . I don 't know if I want you to be her father . Yes ! She 's a beautiful little girl . Does she even wanna know who her dad is ? - I mean , does she ask about that ? - Sometimes . What do you tell her ? That he was a nice guy , that I didn 't know him very well , that sometimes people can mean a lot to each other for a short time . And she doesn 't even ask to see him ? No ... she doesn 't . I-I knew--I mean , I didn 't know you , but I knew she was ... damn it . I go around pretending I 'm cool with all of this , and I have to tell you , I 'm not cool with it at all . What are they doing ? What do they want out of all this ? WAKEMAN : They wanna make us better to enable us to move to the next rung of the ladder , and in doing that , they 'll better themselves as well . MARY : I have another idea . Say it began as a research project , a project on a scale completely beyond our imagination , a detailed accounting of our entire planet . A history of the planet , a catalogue of everything . Now imagine this--while they 're doing this research , this cataloguing , they inadvertently come across an incredible insight , something that utterly transforms the way they see the universe . And that 's what Allie is- - the result of this insight . Yeah , but they 're smarter than us . They can do things we can 't even begin to understand . - They 're more highly evolved . - Evolution has a cost . Every choice is the death of all other possibilities . Maybe something was lost along the way . Yeah , probably something very simple . Possibly . And now they 've put it back . Maybe . Maybe it 's become something more than that . From the first time I set foot in that room in Groom Lake , saw that body , all I 've ever wanted was to understand them , to see through their eyes , just ... catch a glimpse . I feel kind of- - I 've never said this to anyone- - but I feel this sense of being with them . We are so close , Mary . We 'll have the girl . And through her , we 'll be able to talk to them . I 've waited my entire life for this moment . I-I 'm an arrogant bastard . I always knew I 'd get there in the end . I always knew . What I never knew , what I had no idea about , was that I 'd find someone to share the moment with me . ( cell phone rings ) Yeah ? Hello . Oh . Well , that is quite a surprise . Thank you very much . Um ... yeah , I look forward to seeing you as well . It is unexpected , but that is one of life 's great joys , isn 't it ? Happy accidents . Okay . There 's a new wrinkle . Allie 's dad just showed up . Well , that 's interesting . We 're gonna have to deal with that . MAN : I just can 't stand this feeling- - that my life is out of control , that someone else is pulling the strings . Welcome to the world . No one has control . Who could say ? They 're more advanced than us , but that doesn 't make them God . It does from where we 're sitting . What makes me furious , somebody has cut a deal with these guys . That has to be what 's happening . The government knows about this , and they 're covering it up in return for something . For what ? You always come back to that , but I just don 't see it . I think the government is just as confused as we are . Yeah , but you 'll give me this- - they know about it . RAY : Blah blah blah blah blah . You people . I mean , we 're all such victims . It 's time someone did something . I mean , they come into our homes , they take us up into their ships , they do things to us . And we just sit around here , and we talk about it . Ray , we talk about it because it helps . What else can we do ? With an attitude like that , nothing . It 's pathetic . You talk like we could fight back . I 've been taken so many times , I can 't count ' em . Fighting back is not an option . What about you , Ray ? Have you ever fought back ? Yeah , I-I-I 'd like to think that I have , but that 's not what I 'm talking about . There 's us here in this room , okay , fine . But those people out in the world , they treat us like we 're crazy . Like we 're making this up . If we 're all alone , then there 's no fighting back . But if we were believed ... if there was proof ... That was your idea , too , wasn 't it , Charlie ? - To get proof ? - It was , yeah . Not anymore ? Well , some things have come up that kind of rearrange my priorities . ( whistle blows ) All right , come on , girls . Come on downfield . Stick to the fundamentals . Watch your dribbling . Throw the ball . All right . Shoot ! Shoot ! Come on ! NINA : Good . Good . Remember the fundamentals . ( car door closes ) NINA : Good . Good . Make eye contact with the other players . If you 're making a checklist of superpowers ... that was a big one . She can manipulate time . Let 's get back to the cars . Have you told Allie ? We ... we 've talked about it , but we don 't know how to do it yet . We want to understand it first before we try to help her to understand it . If I know Allie , she probably could explain the whole thing to you . This is so romantic , really . Soul mates destined to find each other in the stars . You seem threatened by Lisa 's story , Ray . She always comes here with these warm and fuzzy little tales . It 's like aliens are bunny rabbits , like they 're nice or something . Why don 't you back off and let Lisa tell her story ? Hey , Charlie , I don 't need your help . I 've been doing fine without you for nine years . You wanna go with that , Lisa ? I think it would be fair to say you have a certain a normal resentment about being a single mother , even under these truly abnormal circumstances . I just don 't need anyone weighing in at the 11th hour thinking I need taking care of . ( scoffs ) Hey , don 't get all over me . I didn 't know I was a father until yesterday afternoon . I 'm not all over you . I 'm just saying I don 't need any help . Just because you haven 't had any doesn 't mean you don 't need it . Meaning ? Meaning you 're living in a small apartment , supporting yourself and Allie by playing drums in a band . You could use a little help . What the hell do you know about how I 'm living ? I know what I see . You have nothing to say about it , not about me and not about my daughter . RAY : Hey , Lisa , I got a question . Which story do you think Allie 's gonna like better- - Mummy got nailed by some loser musician , or Mummy and Daddy never met , but did the nasty on a flying saucer ? Why do you come ? Why do you come if all you 're gonna do Is heap abuse on everybody ? Why ? So I can spend more time with you . Go to hell , Ray . Oh , I 've been , on more than one occasion . Why don 't you lighten up , buddy ? Why don 't I lighten up ? Because I am sick and tired of your cosmic girlfriend 's incessant whining . " My father was half alien . " Yeah . All that crap . Oh , you didn 't know about that , did you ? Yeah , one of these guys shows up in Grandma 's barn , knocks the old lady up . Nine months later , you got yourself a walking , talking hybrid . It 's a wonder your back 's not broken , the size of that chip you 're carrying around . You gonna be the one to knock it off ? Gentlemen , please . Harriet , I think we need to ask him to leave the group . He does nothing but cause trouble . We are all here to help each other . He 's not helping anybody . He 's just making things worse . I agree . You know , Ray , all you ever do is shoot down everyone 's stories , spreading trash , but we 've never heard too much about your close encounter . She 's got a point , Ray . Yeah , you said you fought back . Tell us about that . - Come on . - Tell us your story . What are you looking at ? Maybe you should answer their questions . EVERYONE : Yeah , come on , Ray . Tell us your story . You wanna hear my story ? Ray , sit down . Here 's my story . What are you doing ? ! Put your gun away , Ray . You don 't wanna do this . - Put the gun away ! - No , I don 't think so . I got a better idea . All right , everybody , get over in that corner . You stay away from the windows . Sit down on the floor where I can see you . Come on ! I 'll shoot the new boy first , then I 'll start in on the rest of you . Sit ! Ray , nobody 's getting shot here . That doesn 't have to happen . Oh , my God , he 's gonna shoot us . He 's not gonna shoot anybody . He 's just showing off . Is that what you think ? Is that what you truly believe ? Shoot me . See if I care . What are we doing here , Ray ? Hey ! I asked you to sit down . Get that thing out of my face . I 've been abducted by aliens . You think I care about your little toy trumpet ? ( group gasps ) RAY : You sit down , hero , or I will shoot your bride-to-be . DR PENZLER : Ray , I 'm sure if we talk about this , we can work it out . Ray , listen to Dr Penzler . It 's gonna be all right . DR PENZLER : Give me the gun . Give me the gun . Please , give it to her , Ray . ( phone rings ) ( people scream ) Can 't think with the phone ringing . Dorothy , get over to the window and shut the blinds . The rest of you stay put . Don 't do anything stupid . Come on , Dorothy ! All right , back with the others . ( cell phone rings ) What 's that ? Whose is that ? Is that you ? Yeah . - Answer it . - You sure ? Just don 't say anything stupid , huh ? Okay . Hello ? Ni-Ni-Nina , it 's really not a good time . Allie doesn 't run off , Nina . That 's not something she does . I-I can 't . It 's really hard to explain . - Hang up . - My daughter 's missing . - Hang up the phone . - You can just wait . Is she okay ? - Yeah , she 's all right . - How do you know ? I know . She 's scared , but she 's all right . Listen , Nina- - End the damn call , Lisa . Hang up now . ( gunshot , people scream ) Oh , my God . ( Charlie gasping ) ( group gasps ) Help me sit him up . DR PENZLER : It 's all right . Come on . - There you go . - Oh , my God . CHARLIE : Cellophane . - What ? - Cellophane . Cellophane . Somebody find some cellophane somewhere . All right , he 's got it . Get it off . I 've got a scarf ! I 've got a scarf ! Where are you going ? I 'm getting my scarf because you shot him , Ray ! Ray , Charlie is really hurt . We 've gotta get him to a hospital . I guess I wasn 't that much help to you after all , was I ? This doesn 't have to get any worse , Ray . Everything gets worse , Dr Penzler . Every stinking thing in this world . What are you gonna do ? Let me think ! I gotta think . Who else has a cell phone ? Um ... turn ' em off and slide ' em over to me . - Ray , it 's in my coat . - Go ahead . - What happens now , Ray ? - I 'm thinking . There 's no time , Ray . Charlie doesn 't have that kind of time . Okay ... I want you to call the FBI . You know which one of these is yours ? The little flip phone . This one ? What should I tell them ? The FBI , Ray . What should I tell them ? Um ... tell ' em I 'm armed , and I 'm gonna have to start shooting people if my demands aren 't met . Oh , God . We 're gonna die . We 're gonna die . Just shut up ! I 'm only gonna shoot you if they don 't do what I 'm asking them . - Ray ? - What ? What demands ? What are you asking them to do ? Tell ' em I wanna talk to the person in charge of their , um ... you know , whatever they call it , their--their extraterrestrial project . You want Will Smith or Tommy Lee Jones ? Cynthia , you 're not helping . I 'm not sure who I should be asking for . Dr Penzler , just make the call . All right , all right . FBI , please . What are you gonna do once you get to somebody in charge ? I 'm gonna make my demands . You 're gonna call the federal government and say , " Let me speak to the man in charge of your super-secret operation because , if I don 't , I 'll shoot a few people " ? That 's pathetic is what that is . Well , no one ever said that Ray wasn 't pathetic . CYNTHIA : I knew I never should 've joined this damn group . This is like White people land . Do you know how many Asian people have been abducted since 1 947 ? Will you please shut up ? Maybe seven , and you 're looking at one of them . So I decide to be open and honest about it , and this is what I get- - I 'm abducted by Homer Simpson . White people land . Hello . Hello . Is this the--the FBI ? - You got ' em on the phone ? - Um , yes . Uh-huh . See ? This is , um , Dr Harriet Penzler . I 'm hoping you can help me . I have a bit of a problem here . DR PENZLER : Yes . Um , I have a group of people here , and one of them 's been shot . The--the man who shot him ... Lisa , what are you doing ? DR PENZLER : And , um ... hold on a minute . EVERYONE : Lisa ? Sit down . Where do you think you 're going ? Isn 't this sweet ? Now we got the whole happy family . Allie ... it 's okay . Come here . Come here . It 's okay . DR PENZLER : Ten adults and one child . That 's right , exactly . Sit down . Okay , here 's the thing . I don 't want any cops . I don 't want any hostage negotiator or any of that Dog Day Afternoon crap ... Everything 's gonna be okay . I 'm not gonna let anyone hurt you . RAY : One SWATteam or anything , I start shooting these people . Good . I want someone here in 1 5 minutes . There is a problem here right now , Allie , but it 's gonna be all right . Ray is just a little angry . " Ray is just a little angry " ? No , Ray is majorly pissed off . I mean , you should be angry , too . Look what they did to you and what 's-his-name--Charlie . Look at that ! I mean , how can you sit here and let that kind of thing go unanswered ? Come on , we don 't need to talk about that . What , we 're not supposed to tell Allie she 's a test-tube baby ? You sorry bastard . Hey ... Charlie 's hurt . Yeah . Is he going to be all right ? I don 't know , honey . If Ray will let us get him to the hospital ... No one 's going anywhere until I get what I want . ( knock on door ) GUARD : Campus security . Dr Penzler ? We had a report of a gunshot . Hands up . Get your hands up . Yeah , you keep ' em up there . Okay . Here 's the situation . I 'm holding these people hostage , all right ? I 've already shot one of them . I 'm angry and unpredictable . Look at me ! What we 're doing here , we 're waiting for the FBI . There 's two more security officers coming from other parts of the campus . Yeah , so ? What do you want me to do about them ? I want you to go out there and talk to them . I want you all to come up with something to clear this place out , okay ? Say something exploded , say anything you want . Just keep the world away from me till the FBI gets here , okay ? Hey , don 't be stupid . A lot of people are gonna get killed . You can go now . What are you doing , Ray ? What do you think you 're gonna get done ? We live in a world that 's out of our control . You should know that better than anyone . I mean , things happen , right ? What is that , God 's will ? The hell with that . We all feel that way sometimes- - Spare me the couch , Dr Penzler . I 'm not a crazy person . I mean , things really happen to me , and I 'm sick and tired of nobody believing me but you fruit loops . What am I gonna do ? Okay , so it 's very simple . The government is gonna come clean on national TV . They 're gonna tell the world this is all real , and then no one ... no one will ever think I 'm crazy again . Answer your question ? We do exactly what he wants . We clear the area , evacuate the building , keep the students and faculty safe . By then , the FBI will be here , and then it will all be their problem . - Start setting up the barricades . - Right away . Something frightened you . That 's why you came here ? I don 't really know what happened . There were some people . And you felt as if they were coming after you ? - And I started to run ... - But ? And then ... I don 't know what happened . You did something . I think so . GUARD : This way , folks . Come down this way as quickly as you can . SECOND GUARD : All right , folks , calmly . This way . Quickly as you can , please move down . Just follow them . Thank you . Right through the barricades there . That 's right . Do you wanna know what I 'm worried about ? I wanna know who 's gonna feed my cats . We 'll all be out of here soon . You 'll be home to feed them yourself . And what if that doesn 't happen ? Relax , Dorothy . The aliens 'll feed ' em . Yeah , they 're old friends of your cats , right ? What ? What are you looking at ? You really think if you 're cruel enough to other people , all your own misery will go away ? No . Just keeps my mind off it for a while . RAY : Gas trucks . Nice touch . ( tyres screech ) ( cell phone rings ) ( rings ) Answer it . Yes ? It 's for you . Sit down . Yeah ? Okay . I see you . What do I want ? How about a world cruise and a winning lottery ticket ? ( chuckles ) Why don 't you come up here ? We can talk about it . Just you . Your little friends can wait down there . Hey , sit down . What do you think you 're doing ? I 'm gonna get some ice for my neck because you hurt me . And tomorrow morning , after the FBI either lock you up or shoot you dead , I 'm gonna have to get up and go to work like any other day , and I 'd just as soon do that looking as fresh and pretty as possible . Get some water for Charlie , will you please , Cynthia ? CYNTHIA : Yeah . Anybody else ? - Is that okay ? - Yeah . Thanks . We got to get him out of here , Ray . Yeah ? Let 's just hope this lady coming up the stairs now feels the same way about that as you do . I felt good about this guy as soon as I saw him . LISA : Me , too . ( knock on door ) Answer it . Come on . Out of the way , Dr Penzler . Let me see her . Are you the one who asked for the FBI ? ( scoffs ) Yeah . I 'm here . You can talk to me . Did anyone tell you what this was all about ? Man in therapist 's office holding ten hostages demands FBI agent . I asked for someone from the FBI extraterrestrial project . Someone who knows about aliens . You mean , like on X-Files ? I 'm the one you want . RAY : Okay . Let me bring you up to speed on our situation here . I shot him . And he 's gonna die if he doesn 't get medical attention . That 's one . After that , if I don 't get what I ask for , these people , they 're just fish in a barrel to me , you understand that ? That was the lady in the park , the one who tried to grab me . RAY : You understand ? This is what I want you to do . I want you to go public . Go public ? Call the New York Times . call CNN . Tell ' em everything you know , tell ' em this is all real . You just signed our death warrant . - You think she cares about killing 11 - - - Shut up ! She 's not gonna call CNN , Ray . She 's gonna have us all killed . I can 't tell you how many times I 've wanted to make that call . My people have a very old-fashioned , Cold-War slant on things . It 's not right ... keeping something like this secret as I 'm sure everyone here would agree . This is news that belongs to the world . How do you know she 's from the government , Ray ? How do you know she 's not one of them ? Sit down . Why don 't you let the little girl come with me ? It 's the kind of gesture that would go a long way . Give me the girl , and I promise , I 'll do everything I can for you . WILSON : Look at the eyes , Ray . You see ? Those are alien eyes . RAY : Wilson , shut up . Let me have the girl . Let Allie go , Ray . She doesn 't have to get hurt . Allie , stand up . Stand up . You 've got something I want , now I 've got something you want . Get out . Get out ! MAN : Clear it off the south perimeter ! MAN : Here comes your dad . The rooms here also- - What 's the situation ? He 's gonna kill the girl unless we call CNN and tell the world we 're not alone . You two were going to pick her up . This was supposed to be easy . It got a little complicated . I 'm handling it . How ? I say what I have to , promise him anything he wants . Just make sure the girl doesn 't get hurt . No one 's going to get killed here today . - Hey . - Hey . You got a nice move to the post . That kid yesterday thought he could get one past you , but you were right there . What I do is I fool myself . I make myself believe I 'm really going to cover . Because I believe it , he believes it . How do you get yourself over to the post ? I don 't know . I 'm afraid if I ever stop to think about it , it won 't work anymore . Do you know why you 're here ? Do you know what this is about ? I 'm not sure yet , but I think we 're gonna find out soon . This is the year for the " big ideas , " right ? ( groans ) Hey ... hey . - I may pass out here . - No , you won 't . - Do you know CPR ? - Uh , n-no . You 're gonna need to take my right arm and put it across my chest . Okay . Make sure I don 't roll over . Then what do I do ? You 're gonna have to give me mouth-to-mouth . I 'm sorry I said those things about the way you live . I was scared . It 's like Allie said--people get mean when they get scared . All right . She 's a wonderful girl , Lisa . You did great . You want CNN here so badly , why don 't you call ' em yourself ? Because they 'd just think he was crazy , and he wants everyone to know that he isn 't crazy at all . ( cell phone rings ) Yeah ? Okay . The media 'll be here in 15 minutes . We 're almost home , fruit loops . ( gunshot ) ( everyone screams ) Get down . Who took that shot ? ( cell phone rings ) What the hell do you think you 're doing ? ! What 'd you think would happen if you tried something like that ? It was a miscommunication . I 'm sorry . It won 't happen again . You 're damn right it won 't ! Next time something like that happens the little girl is coming out of the window with a bullet in her head . ERIC : Mary . Oh , what the hell , Ray ? Leave the little girl alone . You stay right there . You sad little man . Who do you think you are ? God ? You shut up . He 's not God , Dorothy . He 's just a poor excuse for a man . A man without any faith . Faith ? You 're gonna talk to me about faith ? God comes down and , pluck , there goes your son , no more Luke . Bye-bye . Why ? Dale , why ? Because He 's up in His Heaven and all 's right with the world ? Or because we live in a stinking sewer where nothing makes one bit of sense ? RAY : But you have faith . Your son dies for no reason , but you have faith . You get taken and tortured , but you have faith . ( Ray laughs ) If I didn 't , then I wouldn 't have any reason to go on living . Then you crawl away and you die , because this right here- - this is as much sense as the world will ever make . What are you doing ? I told you I didn 't want anyone killed . What am I doing ? I 'm trying to keep the little girl alive . I put a man up there , I told him if he had a clean shot , he should take it . And he missed , and we 'll be lucky to get her out alive . Pull everybody back . And do what ? What do you suggest ? We should call CNN for him ? This little girl is everything . She 's what it 's all about . We can 't afford to lose her . ( cell phone rings ) Yes . Ray . I am so sorry about what happened by the window . There are some people out here who 've seen too many Lethal Weapon movies . Look up at the window . You get me what I want . Do it now . RAY : Go sit down with your mum and dad . You don 't have to be scared , Mum . This is all going to be all right . A lot of things are going to happen because of this . That 's all . But it 's going to be all right . You better hope you 're right , or you 're gonna have to start praying for a little intervention from your grandfather 's side of the family . You 're not gonna get it any cleaner . He 's gonna kill her . We 've gotta take him out . I 'm not gonna be a party to any more killing , Mary . I 'm done with that . I don 't think you are , Dad . You know who 's in there , right , besides the little girl ? Her mother and her father--Charlie . That means he knows . And that 's two people with a lot of information that have had some pretty bad experiences with us over the years . They have to go . Dr Penzler , too . I can 't risk a leak . It 's too important . They don 't matter anymore . It 's all about Allie . You 're not in charge here , Mary . I am . Take a step back . Calm down . I 'm sorry . You 're right . Just , the two of them having gotten together has made me a little nervous . - They could really gum us up . - No one 's getting killed here , Mary . Of course not . CYNTHIA : I got to go to the bathroom . Grab a cup . Knock yourself out . Lisa , how 's he doing ? He 's still breathing . Are you all right ? I just don 't want any more bad news . Mr Watson ? Luke , when he died , he wasn 't mad at you anymore . DALE : He wasn 't ? He knew . It was just one of those things that happens . He was growing up , and that was hard for you both . He loved you very , very much , Mr Watson . And that 's what he was thinking when he died . I just wish I could see him one more time . I wish I could tell him that I was sorry . He knows , Mr Watson . He knows . ( cries ) It 's okay , Dad . You can let go . Now I can see why those people want you so badly . When it gets dark , we shoot for the windows again . At the same time , we bring two men through the hallway . He 'll be down on the floor , won 't be looking to the door . We 've got a man up in the heating ducts . He 'll coordinate by earphone , drop down through at the same time the two men from the hall enter . And then he turns and shoots the girl . That room is covered by snipers . These men know what they 're doing . It all goes by the numbers , we take him out . - And the others ? - Not a problem . I don 't want my father to see you do it . You look like a college kid doing his homework . - What are you working on ? - Oh , just a little theory . Their craft was , I like to call it , thought-powered . Allie may be a stronger manifestation of that power , that energy . How long have you been sleeping with my daughter ? About six years . You get some kind of sick pleasure from that , the boss ' daughter ? " Boss " ? I thought we were friends . I love Mary . And I think she loves me . I want your desk cleaned out by tomorrow . After this is over , I 'll be going back to Maine . I don 't wanna see you there when I go into the office . How you feeling ? What 's happening to me ? - It 's in her DNA , isn 't it ? - That 's what makes her special . Mum ... I never believed that part of your story- - " My grandfather was an alien . " - Allie ... - Your dad--could he do things ? I never saw it , but , yes , he could . - But you never could . - I can play drums and sing harmony . A lot of people would tell you that 's amazing . There 's you and me . The way I know where you are , how you 're feeling , if you 're safe . I always figured that was just because I 'm your only daughter and you love me so much . Yeah , I suppose it could be that . It 's what made your dad sick , isn 't it , doing these things ? You 're not my dad , honey . You 've got a lot of other things in you . You 've got Charlie 's family , too . MAN : Everybody in position ? He 's not gonna last much longer . You got a lot of hell on your plate . MAN : What are we doing here , Ray ? This man needs help . Are you just gonna sit there while he bleeds to death ? Nothing you do is going to change anything about what happened to you , Mr Morrison . What are you talking about ? That man in the woods when you were eight . The one that took you in that shed . He wasn 't from another planet . He was just mean and crazy . You shut up about that . You 're just going to hurt more people , that 's all . It 's not going to make what happened to you go away . Shut up ! - LISA : Allie ... - It would be easier , wouldn 't it ? Blame it on them . They came down and took you . You stop it . It 's a lot scarier to think that the monsters might be us . Shut up ! - Ray ! - You shut up right now ! Ray ! She doesn 't mean it ! She 's a little kid . She doesn 't know what she 's saying . DOROTHY : One day , you 're gonna stand in front of the Lord , and you 're gonna have to explain what happened here today . You are gonna have to explain . I 'm not the one who has the explaining to do . Dale 's son--explain that . Explain cancer . Explain war . Explain the whole damn thing to me just one time ... so I can understand why everything has to be so hard . ( sobs ) Oh , God . I 'm sorry I hurt him . Oh , God , I 'm so sorry . Allie ... LISA : Allie ... What are you doing , Allie ? Charlie ... Look at me . Look at me . Look at me , Dad . He 's all right ? What do you think we ought to do now ? ( cell phone rings ) Yes , Ray ? Hello . Ray ? No . This is Allie . We 're all going to come out of the building now . Please tell everybody not to shoot . I 'll go with you . All right . They 're coming down . She says she 'll come with us if we let the others go . Everybody set ? - Mary ... you can 't do this . - Do what ? You can 't kill anyone . What makes you think they 'll let you ? They don 't care about Lisa and Charlie now any more than we do . It 's all about Allie . Then where are they ? We tried to pick up Lisa . Lisa was helpless . Allie can take care of herself . Then what makes you think any of this will work ? I don 't know if it 's gonna work . At least I 'm not afraid to try . Mary , don 't do this . Listen to me . I-I know this . Walk away . Even if you lose the project , walk away ... before you do something you can 't walk away from . MAN : Here they come . Why don 't you just fade away ? You 're a burden to the project . You don 't have the stomach for it , and you don 't have the brains . You have no idea what I 'm capable of ? What I 've done ? I won 't have any more blood on my hands . Everybody set ? Get a tight lead on that subject . Run away ! Take the little girl ! It 's a trick ! Run ! It 's a trick ! WOMAN : Oh , my God . It 's okay . Come on ! I 'll take care of you . Come on . MARY : It 's okay . Keep coming . I 'll take care of you all . Come on . It 's okay . It 's all right . Keep coming . I 'll take care of you . Come on . ( Laughs ) ALLIE : Miss Crawford . I 'm ready to go with you now . Little girl ... I love the way your mind works . ( Subtitle Revised by HchC )
