 Previously on Taken ... ( Subtitle Revised by HchC ) Do I ? To us . Us . Do you know what you 're gonna name her ? Allie . Her name is Allie . ERIC : I want you to join me in the program , Mary . You 're grandfather found this in Pine Lodge , New Mexico . Found it at a crash site . So it 's all true . This is something that shouldn 't go outside the family . What 's this , Allie ? That 's my journal . I write down things I think of and stuff . We need your help , gentlemen . You 'll stop playing games and tell us everything you know about whoever it is who 's out there and what the hell they want . Mr Miller has an implant . We 're monitoring it . The implants broadcast on a spread spectrum . We block those frequencies , the implant doesn 't register . ERIC : Will this work on Allie ? We can block her frequency , too . And they can 't find her . ERIC : Let 's pick her up . She can manipulate time . That therapy group her mother 's in ? We have someone in that group . Put your gun away , Ray ! You don 't want to do this . Put the gun away ! You know who 's in there , right , besides the little girl ? Her mother and her father--Charlie . That means he knows , and that 's two people with a lot of information that have had some pretty bad experiences with us over the years . They have to go . Dr Penzler , too . What are you doing , Allie ? Look at me , Dad . ( gasps ) Get away ! Take the little girl and--it 's a trick ! Run ! Come on ! I 'll take care of you . Come on . CHET : Where did they go ? ALLIE : Miss Crawford ... I 'm ready to go with you now . ALLIE : I guess I always knew that there was something different about me . But when all of this began to happen . when I started to be able to do things . it was kind of scary- - like in a dream where you start falling and it feels kind of good . until you begin to wonder if you 'll ever be able to stop . That was a good trick . You 're a very complicated little girl . What do you mean ? I mean , with what you can do , you could have walked out of that building . Why did you let us take you ? I wanted you to leave my mum and all the other people alone . I was afraid you might hurt someone . I thought if I went with you , they 'd be all right . Allie ? It 's 1 2.1 7 . We 've lost two hours . What ? We 've lost two hours . Are you all right ? Look , what I did--I 'm sorry . It 's okay . I 'm alive . We 're all alive . Everyone get out of here . Don 't go home . Find places where you 're gonna be safe . - Allie ? - Just get out of here ! Go ! LISA : Allie ! CHARLIE : Go ! LISA : Allie ? Allie ! Allie ! Lisa , she 's gone . She 's not here . Where did she go ? Where did they take her ? Allie ! Allie ! I 've got to find my daughter , please ! I know . Allie did this ... the time ... all of it . Allie gave us missing time ? Y-Y-Yes . She ... she stopped time . She stopped us , she stopped us and let time keep moving . She wanted to keep us safe , and she did that . She needed the missing time so that she could go with them without us trying to stop her . She was trying to keep us safe . ( radio plays ) ( knock on door ) I 'm coming ! Oh , thank God . I 've been worried sick ! I went by your apartment four times . I kept calling . What happened ? Are you all right ? ( voice breaking ) Allie 's gone . Do you know who I am ? Not exactly . Well ... um ... our families go way back- - mine and your mum 's and your dad 's . I kind of think that you and I might be the end of all this . We might just be the beginning . Your grandfather wasn 't a very happy man . Why are you trying so hard to be like him ? We 're almost to the airstrip . We better get this thing in place . ( moans ) Lisa . Lisa , it 's all right . Lisa . Baby . Lisa ! Lisa ! Lisa ! N-N-N-Nina ? I 'm right here . I 'm right in front of you . I can 't see anything ! I can 't see anything at all ! NINA : Lisa . Lisa ! ( Lisa moans loudly ) All right ? Can you see me now ? What happened to you ? I don 't know . I was ... somewhere else . I was somewhere else , and ... wherever it was , I couldn 't see a thing . She 's always been a- - she was a real good-looking baby right from the start . And really smart . At seven months ' old , she was already playing peek-a-boo . I 've got a video at home of her taking her first steps . You should see that . I 'd like to . We 've always had this link , you know , a connection . I 've always known exactly where she was , what she was thinking , how she was feeling . I 'd go to pick her up at school , I 'd stop off to get Tylenol ... she 'd walk out the building with a runny nose and a headache . Sounds silly , doesn 't it ? I mean , every mother has that . No , they don 't . Man , I 'm really , truly sorry . This is because Allie 's blessed , right ? These people that took her want to know what she 's all about . Yeah , pretty much . We 'll do whatever we can to help you get her back . I 've got a couple of shirts around that 'll fit you . Over the years , a girl winds up with a souvenir or two . Allie left this in the park when she ran away at soccer practice . 1 2 hours ago , there was a bullet in my lung . I should be dead . Why doesn 't it surprise me that you 're not ? She 's just a kid . She didn 't ask for any of this . She shouldn 't have to do any of this . It 's not fair ! It 's not fair at all ! We 'll get her back . How ? ALLIE : When you 've done something that you can 't take back . something that you don 't understand . you start to hold tightly to the things you do understand . and you try to make sense out of everything you can . Because if you believed that all you had to do to make things right was to find a reason . but what happens when you find the reasons and they are not your own ? How do you find any comfort or any sense in that ? They 're on their way . We haven 't had a chance to talk . What do you mean ? About your father . There 's nothing to say . You did what you had to do for the project . Ha Ha . " For the project . " When I was a kid , every time he went out of town , I used to imagine a car wreck , something like that , just how much better our lives would have been if he were gone . You 've been inside a craft . Many times , yeah- - that one at Groom Lake . That was beautiful ... wasn 't it ? Yeah . That was my family legacy . The craft , the bodies . My grandfather 's legacy . My father squandered all that . He had it right there in his hand , and he let it all slip away . He couldn 't stop them . He could have tried . You don 't feel any remorse , do you ? Do you think that makes me a bad person ? You did what you had to do . I heard about your father . I 'm sorry for your loss . It was a terribly unfortunate mistake . Mistake ? You 've got the girl ? She 's inside . So you really believe that thing you put on her head is blocking her signal ? Right now , they 're in their ship , scratching their little grey heads , going , " Where 's our girl ? " Then , when we take that shield off , here they come . You 're confident we can take them down ? Wherever they come from- - the most distant star , the furthest reaches of time- - the moment they enter our time and space , our reality , they 're confronted by the laws of our physics . You 're sure of that ? In 1 947 , in Roswell , New Mexico , a ship came down when it collided with a Mogul spy balloon--a balloon . Yeah , I 'm pretty damn sure . You done a fine job . We 're indebted to you . What is this ? SOLDIER : Charlie company , move out ! I 'd like to thank you on behalf of your country for your contribution to this effort . You 've done your part , Miss Crawford . The little girl 's a part of a military operation now . We 'll take it from here . For three generations , my family 's been preparing for this . I 've dedicated my career- - my life--to this . And don 't think we don 't appreciate it . In a matter of days , we may be able to set foot inside one of their craft , to meet these beings , to find out what this has all been about . If you think I 'm gonna stand by while you take that opportunity away from me , you 're out of your mind . You don 't really have a choice . You 've been benched . Go sit down . Grab some pine . What I 'd like you to do now ... I 'd like you to clean up the mess you made in Seattle . The doctor--she 's a liability . Marginalize her . And the girl 's parents--put them somewhere until this is over . Don 't want them stirring the pot . We have people for that . You mentioned your father 's death was a mistake . People spend the rest of their lives in prison for mistakes like that . Stay out of my way . You can ride with me , doctor . Brief me on the way . E-E-Excuse me ? We need your expertise . I 'm not giving you a choice here , doctor . Come on , let 's go . Now . Uh- - Milo and I , we drove everywhere . We 'd ask people in diners and in gas stations , and we got guys from every band we know doing the same thing . Nothing . What about taking this public ? They 're not gonna come after you with the whole world watching . I called Channel 4 news . I said my daughter was kidnapped by a super-secret government agency . They--they said I should call the police . I told them I didn 't think it would do any good , and they gave me another number- - for Highline West Psychiatric Hospital . We put an ad in the New York Times . That 's how Lisa gets in touch with her uncle . Tom will be calling us soon . I 'm cold . Shouldn 't be much longer . Thank you . Lisa . ( Allie 's voice ) I 'm scared , Charlie . I 'm very , very scared . Just how powerful is this little girl , doctor ? She 's demonstrated powers beyond anything we imagined . She can manipulate time , she has amazing abilities to screen , to project images from our minds . Just how powerful is she ? The question you should be asking is , why is she letting us take her anywhere at all ? You 've reached the voice mail for Dr Chet Wakeman . Dr Wakeman is out of range of this cellular device . Please leave a message . General Beers ' office . This is Mary Crawford . Can you reach the general for me ? I 'm sorry , Miss Crawford . He 's not available . Tell him I have new information he 'll want to hear about . ALLIE : We had come to the time I had always known was coming . I had always had this feeling that. one day . I would have to do something very hard . I just hoped that I could find a way to do it without anyone getting hurt . Sorry , sir . There 's been a toxic spill . You need to turn your vehicle around . No one 's allowed to go through . Let 's get the gate . How you doin ' in there ? I 'm all right . Can I ask you something ? I heard that you let them take you , that you came right up to them and said you 'd go with them . Uh-huh . I also heard that you can do things , kind of like magic or something . Is that true ? Yes . So you 've got all of that power , why didn 't you just stop them ? I was afraid they 'd hurt other people . You 're one brave little girl . I don 't feel very brave right now . Hey ... maybe later , I could come back with a book or something . Did you ever read Huckleberry Finn ? No , I never have . Well , I 've got my copy in my duffle . I always carry it with me . It was my mum 's favourite book . She 'd bake us Toll House cookies , and we 'd share the whole plate of them while she read . If it wouldn 't make you too sad to remember her ... I 'd like to hear the story . No , it wouldn 't make me sad at all . It would be nice to remember her . We 're calling the operation " Dropping the Dishes . " The three Humvees equipped with the missiles will be here , here , and here , camo nets above ' em . The target , gentlemen , will be in the air . It will be big . Observation posts here on the mountains for early warning . Two men to each O.P. We 're gonna try to take this thing down intact , sir ? That 's the plan . Once we get it down , sir , how do we find these guys ? Y 'all have seen the S-2 briefing video . You know as much as I do . All right , they can do some pretty incredible things . They 've taken people through walls . They can make you see things that are not there . But no problem , right ? We 're the best . Y 'all are about to fight an enemy the likes of which no soldier has ever seen . I can 't tell you how it will go , but I can tell you this- - you 're about to earn a place in history . She 's completely normal . No fluctuation in brain-wave pattern , nothing in her blood chemistry . Her biology is human . Of course it is . We won 't find anything . The part of her that isn 't human is capable of perfect mimicry . Then what are we looking for ? I don 't know . SOLDIER : Any questions ? Is there anything we can do to maximize our cone of fire , sir ? I 'd aim for the centre of the damn thing and pray . Any other questions ? Uh , General ? General . I need to talk to you about the little girl--Allie . Something wrong ? Her powers are just beginning to manifest . We need to protect her for further study . So you 're uncomfortable with the notion of using her for bait . Let 's not think of this , then , in terms of fishing . In fishing , you put a worm on a hook , fish bites the worm , takes the hook , the worm 's toast . But this is hunting country , so think of her more as a ... a salt lick . A buck comes up to the salt , boom , you shoot the buck . No harm at all to the salt lick . General , I , uh ... I think there 's been a miscommunication here . A miscommunication . Really ? Yeah . See , um , my understanding of the plan- - and I did design the plan- - an explosion is to be detonated above the craft . The effect is to bring the ship down intact . We 're not trying to , uh , bag a buck , as you so elegantly put it . We 're trying to collect specimens for the zoo . My orders are to take down their craft and to replace the craft and the bodies you people lost and , if possible , to take the occupants of the craft alive , and if not , well , we 'll have more bodies to study . This is an opportunity to communicate with beings from another world . We 're on the brink of the single most important moment in human history . As far as I 'm concerned , we 're at war . These beings have taken our citizens against their will , they 've invaded our air space , our lives , even our gene pool . These are unparalleled acts of aggression . We 're at war here , fighting an enemy we don 't understand at all , so I 'll do whatever I have to do . You guys think these things will do the job ? You men are outclassed , out equipped , and probably outnumbered . Plan A , then , would be for the missiles to do their job and take these things out of the sky . Plan B would be for you to stick your head between your legs and kiss your asses good-bye . There is no plan C , gentlemen . ( laughter ) You know about all the things they do ? The probes and stuff , man ? I hear they show you stuff that 'll rip your brain apart . I heard one of these came down in Nebraska two years ago ... took a squad and wiped them off the face of the earth . I think this is some sort of training exercise in psychological warfare , to see how we do with an impossible situation . - You saying there aren 't any aliens ? - That 's what I 'm saying . You 've all seen the S-2 briefing videos . I saw the alien autopsy video , too . Dude , that was awesome . That looked more real than any of our stuff . I met this guy once , special ops , had to debrief these two marines that were taken right through their barracks walls . Showed up a couple hours later with scars all over their bodies . They were never right again . See , it 's drug tests . Chemical warfare , something like that . We 're not fighting any aliens . We 're like lab rats being tested . You don 't think we 're gonna storm a flying saucer ? Tried to get my head around it , but , no . I think this is some very deep , weird zone of " don 't ask . " Either way , we 're toast . Ah ! Get it off ! Get it off ! Get it off ! ( all chuckle ) I 've got this thing about roaches , all right ? ( laughter ) And this is the man who 's going to save the world from the alien menace . ( laughter ) Back to work . " They judged it was him , anyway . " Said this drowned man was just his size " and was ragged and had uncommon long hair , " which was all like pap . " But they couldn 't make nothin out of the face , " because it had been in the water so long . " Weren 't much like a face at all . " They said he was floating on his back in the water . " They took him and buried him on the bank . " But I weren 't comfortable long " because I happened to think of somethin ' . " I known mighty well that a drowned man " don 't float on his back , but on his face . So I known then that this weren 't pap . " This isn 't getting too scary , is it ? It 's good . I like it . I remember I would picture that river . When I imagined it , it was all kind of dark and mossy , trees hanging down and stuff . Not like those pictures you see of Tom and Huck fishing . Oh , I 'd get so scared , but I liked it , too . And my mum would get under the covers with me and read these parts . She was nice , your mum . Yeah , she was . My mum , too . My mum 's great . You want me to go on ? Yes , please . " We played robber now and then about a month , " and I resigned . " All the boys did . " We hadn 't robbed nobody , hadn 't killed any people , " but only just pretended . " We used to hop out of the woods " and go charging down on hog drovers . " Women in carts taking garden stuff to market- - we never hogged any of ' em . " ( chuckling ) I appreciate that , Colonel . I thought with the history our families have shared over the years , you could give me an off-the-record location . Yeah , I understand what " need-to-know basis " means , you jackass . We need your help . Come in . Please , come in . Sit down . Close the curtains . You don 't have to worry . No one 's coming here . What do you mean ? I work for them , Charlie . I was the one who called them . You told them about Allie . Lisa ... Just tell me where she is . Please , Harriet , tell me where they took Allie . I don 't know . I tried to call them . All the numbers I 've been given are disconnected . I have no way of finding them . We trusted you , everyone in the group . We put our trust in you , and you betrayed it . They told me I was helping . They told me they had proof that people who had been taken were in greater danger than they knew . I thought- - You thought you were helping ? ! You told them Charlie was here , you told them Allie was with us , and now they have her ! Lisa , I am so sorry . I want you to put me back under . Allie and I , we have this link . Yes , I believe that 's real . In regression , I 've had those moments where I feel Allie , where I get that sense of knowing where she is . Yes . I 've been experiencing things like that again since they took Allie . I keep getting this sense of knowing where she is and what she 's doing . It 's very strong . I- - I want you to help me find her . We 'd have to go pretty deep . We 've gone there before , but frankly , Lisa , I 'm a little over my head here . Can you help me get there ? We 're dealing with something that I don 't fully understand . Even if I am able to access it ... hypnosis of this sort can be very dangerous . Are you sure you 're ready for that ? I 'll go wherever I have to if I can get my daughter back . You have to do this for me . You owe me that much . ALLIE : Most of the fights people have are about something simple- - you want something the other person has . or maybe they 're afraid you 're going to want it . and they go after you first . People always think that if they win . then that 's the end . everything will be all right from then on . But everything changes . and tomorrow. the thing you were fighting for will just be a memory . Like everything else . it 's already happened . They 're ready to take the shield off , doctor . What we 're going to do is extremely delicate . It would be easier for Lisa and me to find a way in if there wasn 't anyone else in the room . It 's all right . And a third deep breath ... Now I want you to go to that place where you and Allie find each other . Can you find it for me ? ( inhales deeply ) Yes . SOLDIER : " And so we would lay in ambuscade , " as he called it , " and kill the lot and scoop the things . " He said we must slick up our swords and guns and get ready . " Okay , I 'm going to take this thing off your head in just a moment . Now , it 's not very bright in here , but it may hurt your eyes at first , okay ? Okay . Okay . Now what do you see ? Darkness . All I see is darkness . I--I can make out something . LISA : There are people watching . It doesn 't feel good . There are all these people . They 're waiting for something to happen . They want something . They 're waiting for something . Do you know where you are ? It looks like a hospital ... but it 's not . It smells kind of mouldy ... it 's like an attic . DR PENZLER : Now what do you see ? Ugh ! But I don 't know if it 'll happen . There 's a lot of anger here and a lot of fear . Lisa ... Lisa . Charlie ? I don 't know if they 're gonna get what they want , but I know they 're going to keep her . They 're going to keep her until they get what they want . So what happens now ? We wait . How long should we wait ? I don 't know . You believe they 'll come ? Absolutely . But then again , I believe a lot of things . He threatens to become a major pain in the ass . NINA : If they went for Dr Penzler , they 'll be coming for you next . I don 't care about that . All I care about is finding Allie . Where is she ? I was with her in this room . It 's ... it 's a room . Uh ... Bare walls , peeling wallpaper , like a ... farm . Why a farm ? The way the room looks and ... feels . ( sighs ) Something on the wall- - license plates ... old , rusted license plates and a calendar with a picture of a tractor on it . There were all these people . A man I saw the time they tried to pick me up , but there was someone in uniform- - You said there were license plates on the wall ? Yeah , old ones . What state ? Let me think . North ... North ... North Dakota ! North Dakota ! That 's a start . North Dakota and a farmhouse doesn 't exactly narrow it down that much . Wallington 's Feed and Grain . Wallington 's Feed and Grain ! The calendar on the wall ! That was the name of the place ! North Dakota . I don 't know what city . The listing 's for Wallington 's Feed and Grain . You 're sure ? Nothing . In the whole state of North Dakota , there 's nothing . Ask yourselves , what would Maddie Hayes and David Addison do ? And they say that watching five hours of TV a day for 26 years is a bad thing . This intelligence is of an other-than-human form . They let us see what they want us to see. nothing more . Your government knows this . Gulf Breeze . Exeter . Dayton- - I love this guy . He believes in everything . The scary part is how often he comes close to the truth . ... our government has been involved in a massive conspiracy to cover this up . Call me and tell me your story . This is William Jeffries . Talk to me. and I 'll talk to you . Oh. hi . This is Theresa . from Pocatello . Idaho . and I just have to tell you . I 'm so glad you 're here . because I was abducted last September ... Snack time . I tried to talk to everybody about this . I tried the government- - I live on bad coffee and stale Oreos from the vending machine . THERESA : Thank God you 're on the air . ( telephone rings ) Yes ? Little girl 's light just came back on . North Dakota , Benson County , just outside of Brinsmade . - Program worked . - Thank you . ALLIE : My mother used to sing to me a lot . folk songs mostly . and things she liked when she was a little girl . There was this one song called Further Along that always made me feel better when I was sad . " Further along . we 'll know more about it . " Further along . we 'll understand why . " Cheer up. my brother . live in the sunshine . We 'll understand it all . by and by . " When you get to wondering too much about things . a song like that can really help a lot . When we find her , she 's gonna want that . She 'll be glad you brought it . Thanks for the book . Well , I figured now that you had that thing off , you could read it for yourself if you wanted . I was kind of hoping you would keep reading it to me . Sure . I mean , I 'd like that . Me , too . Can I ask you something ? Sure . Are they really gonna come and get you ? I don 't know . Probably something like that . That sure will be something to see . " Well , three or four months run along , " and it was well into the winter now . " I 'd been to school most of all the time " and could spell and read and write just a little " and could say the multiplication table ... # Just before it gets dark # # When the light still hangs in the sky # # The day 's not quite come # # All its promises still in your own eyes # # Between the time your mother calls # Thanks . # And the time you put the ball away # SOLDIER : " But before the cold weather , I used to slide out ... # There 's a lifetime to be lived # # And a world where every dream is here to stay # # Just before the night comes # # And you run back to the safety of your world # You 're sure you 've never heard of it- - Wallington Feed and Grain ? No , I 'm sorry . # Just before it gets time # Are you folks asking about Wallington ? Yeah . Harry Wallington , he went bust in ' 75 . '75 ? Had a place up in Brinsmade . I used to stop in on my way back from fishing with my boys . Good prices , quality products . What 's a couple of young folks doing asking about a store that went under when you were still in diapers ? Thanks . Thanks a lot . # Well , nothin ' lasts forever # # But those moments keep forever far away # You didn 't mention that it was an old calendar . Sorry , my super-vision 's a little rusty . We 're gonna find her , Lisa . We 're going to Brinsmade . Are you from there ? No . We 're visiting a sick cousin . Brinsmade 's been evacuated . You 'll find your family member at the high-school gym in Leeds . Evacuated ? Why ? Toxic spill . A truck collided with a train . What kind of spill ? They don 't tell me . They just tell me to keep the cars out . You 're not afraid you 're standing downwind of something ? You folks turn around and do like I said . You 'll find your family member in Leeds . Move along . Let 's go . # Hold on tight # # And I promise you , baby # # It 'll all be all right # # I promise you , baby # # It 'll all be all right # Okay , so where are they ? I mean , they took that thing off the little girl 's head last night , so where are they ? When I was in Afghanistan last year . This was all we did ... sit and wait . Come out and kill me already . I don 't care . Don 't make me sit here and think about what might happen . You would have been lost at the Alamo , my friend . Day one of that siege , I 'd have been the first one over that wall . So what 's the deal with the little girl , Pierce ? I mean , you been with her . She 's special . Well , what 's so special about her ? You have to be in the room with her . You guys are gonna think this is really weird- - We 're in a field waiting for a flying saucer to land . How weird could anything you tell us be ? I 've told you guys about my mum , what a good cook she was , the cookies she used to bake . We have heard the tales . My mum died in 1998 . And you start to lose ' em after they die- - your loved ones . I mean , their memories just ... start to fade in your head . I don 't mean events- - I remember birthdays , picnics , everything like that . I mean , your actual mental picture of the person . I 'm reading to Allie , just helping her pass the time . She 's just a scared little kid , and she misses her mum , just like I miss mine . The book I 'm reading , it 's something my mum used to read to me . It 's just like my mum 's there with us , that 's all I 'm trying to say . And you attribute this somehow to the little girl ? I 'm just saying , you have to be there with her . You can 't put it into words , but if you spend some time with her , you 'll get it . I can promise you that . Thank you . Sorry about how all this worked out . If you guys want to go hunting in a couple of weeks , they should have the spill cleaned up . There was no toxic spill . I can tell you that . How the hell you know that ? Because I worked that railroad 1 9 years . You know what they haul on those lines ? Lumber and steel . Nothing but lumber and steel . Now , I 'm up there at Cranberry Lake with Michael and Tony , and I 'm trying to explain a little of my philosophy of life in the woods . A couple of fellas up from Grand Forks desperate to kill something before the weekend is over , and I 'm trying to explain that that 's not really what hunting 's all about . Is this a story that goes someplace , or is this " Dewey 's Meaning of Life , Part 7 " ? The point is , the three of us are sitting around the campfire and I 'm explaining my philosophy , and this Humvee pulls up , a bunch of soldiers get out and tell us to head on back to civilization . On account of the spill . A toxic spill- - if there had been one- - they might have told us to evacuate the area and then gone on about their business . Not this bunch . They just stood there the whole time it took us to strike camp , and then they damn near followed us all the way out of the woods . Excuse me . I 'm looking for a Mr Clayton . - Over there . - That 's him ? Thanks . You 're Mr Clayton ? ( laughs ) That would be my dad . I 'm Dewey . We 'd like to hire your services . Oh , you lookin ' for a guide ? We were told that you 're the best . And you two want to go huntin ' ? In a way , yes . Well , you 're out of luck . We 're shut down . Damn government 's locked us out of our own woods . We know that . But you 've got some reason you want to go up in there , anyway ? Why don 't you step into my office ? Now what have we got out in those woods that you two are so anxious to go huntin ' for ? Our daughter . She 's lost in the woods ? No . She ... The army has her . Would this have anything to do with that toxic spill that didn 't happen ? Yeah . And your daughter , you say ? That gear back there belongs to a couple of young killers I had out this morning . I promised to ship it to ' em so they could put it in storage . I sure don 't think they 'll be back . It 'll just sit in the garage with the exercise and the cross-country skis and the racquetball rackets . Might as well put it to some use before then . It 'll get down pretty low tonight , but you get in them sleeping bags right away , you 'll survive . There 's only one farm out this way . Nobody 's lived there for 25 years , so if they 're keepin ' her anywhere around here , that 'll be the place . Now ... I take out all kinds of folks- - hunters , what have you . There 's a lot of different game up here . But if I 'm lookin ' at grouse , then I have to go in with a whole different set-up than if I 'm lookin ' at deer or elk . Now , you don 't have to be in a rush to tell me anything , but at some point , you 're gonna have to let me know just exactly what it is that I 'm gonna be lookin ' at . Oh ... just bend these and give ' em a shake . Good night . Good night . I guess we 'd better get in our bags . They 're not gonna do anything to her , Lisa . She 's too important to them . # Just before it gets dark # # Before you grow # # Before you 're too old to pretend # # Just before it gets dark # # And you know your dreams will not come back again # # Hold on # # Hold on tight # # And I promise you , baby # # It 'll all be all right # # I promise you , baby # # It 'll all be all right # ( crying ) Williams . Williams , you asleep ? Not anymore . Keel 's got the night watch on the little girl . He 's gonna let us in to take a look . You in ? Yeah . All right . Let 's go . This is really dumb . This is a court-martial . We 'll be in and out in ten minutes . - No one 's gonna get court-martialed . - Is that right ? This kid 's gonna bring these guys down from outer space . The least we can do is look her in the eye . Hi . We were just kind of wondering- - What the big deal was . Yeah , pretty much . I 'm not quite sure . I 'm important to the- - do you guys call them aliens ? Yeah , usually . Okay , the aliens . And your general figures they 'll come get me . We kind of know that already . How come you 're so special to them ? They 're my other family . What do you mean ? I 'm part them . For real ? But you just look like a little kid . Maybe they 're not as different as you think . ALLIE : Can I ask you something ? Sure . Are you mad at them ? But you 'll fight with them just the same ? That 's our job . Grownups are weird . 36 hours--nothing from Cheyenne Mountain , nothing from NORAD , nothing in the sky . Damn it ! I knew this whole thing was a bust . I 'm a four-star general . I 've been serving my country for 30 years , now I 'm sitting in the middle of Old McDonaldland with a 9-year-old girl ? I 'll tell you one thing- - I 'm gonna have that squirrelly-ass Dr Wakeman served up on a platter for this . I 'm not gonna be the only one taking this fall . You want to tell me what the hell went wrong ? Oh , you got a theory , don 't you ? They 're up in their craft worried about this girl , and as soon as you take that thing off her head , they 're gonna come swooping down . Well , we could have been mistaken . Well , that 's big of you to admit it . General , we 're talking about aliens here . By definition , their motives , their behaviour , everything about them would be ... alien . So how much longer do we wait ? That 's entirely up to you . What 's a five-letter word for " idiot " ? This whole culture is built on a fear of death . No one wants to talk about it , everyone wants to pretend it 's not gonna happen . That 's how come you get those vegetarians springing up all over the place . " lf I don 't eat the little darlings , then they 're never gonna die . " Nonsense . Neither one of you has ever been hunting , am I right ? I went out with some guys once when I was maybe 1 4 . We were living in Wisconsin . I didn 't like it . It made me feel terrible . Well , you 're supposed to feel terrible . That 's a part of it- - understanding what it costs for you to stay alive . Well , we better keep moving . As it is , it 'll be dark before we get to where I think we- - ( rustling ) That little girl of yours must be something special . - How are you ? - I 'm all right , ma 'am . What you got up there ? Some sort of toxic spill , ma 'am . Ah , is that what they told you ? Yes , ma 'am . You 'll have to let me through . I need to see General Beers . Do you have clearance ? Do you have any idea what spilled up there ? No , ma 'am , I don 't . You need to let me through . I have important information that General Beers is expecting . You 're not gonna let me through , are you ? No , ma 'am . I didn 't think so . Next time , I 'm just gonna run through the roadblock , so why don 't you arrest me ? What ? Arrest me and have someone take me to General Beers . No one goes in . We detain people here . Okay , well , then detain me and get General Beers on the phone and let him know that Mary Crawford has important new information about the project . I can 't do that without provocation , ma 'am . ( sighs ) I see . ( clears throat ) How 's this ? They 're not coming , are they ? I told you she was powerful , right ? Maybe they 're not that worried about her , maybe they think she can fight her own battles . You don 't know when to quit , do you ? At the roadblock , you told one of my soldiers you had information for me . I lied . You son of a bitch . Did you think I was just going to let you take the project away from me , you and the general here ? You bastard . You sold me out the first chance you got . Worthless bastard ! At the roadblock . Trunk . Put her somewhere where she can 't hurt anyone . MARY : Creep . It 's a woman thing , right ? They know how to hold a grudge . My father had this idea that he could do dangerous things because they needed him , that they 'd keep him safe . Well , they took care of me more than once . Because they needed us to , uh ... to get together . Because they needed Allie . Exactly . So they 're not gonna let anything happen to her . We don 't know that . They 're not gods , Charlie . No . We 're outclassed enough , so they can act like gods . We don 't know what they want with Allie or why they did this . The odds are they didn 't go through all this trouble just so they could hand her over to these people . I think she 's gonna be all right . I 'm going to find Allie and do whatever I can to help her . I 'm not going to rely on them for anything . Hey ! Okay . I need to speak to Miss Crawford . This is for Miss Crawford 's ears only . You can wait over there . SOLDIER : Yes , sir . You peeked , didn 't you ? My grandfather found it at Pine Lodge . At the crash site . I never thought your dad was all that bright . It can be very effective when a stupid person lies to you . I found some papers with these images on them when we moved out of Groom Lake . I asked your dad about them , he gave me nothing . I stood there with your father and told him I was wrong about the body from the Roswell wreckage being the transmitter . I told him there had to be something else . He just looked at me like he didn 't have a clue . ( chuckling ) You got to admire that . Mary ... I had to go with them . I couldn 't let all this happen without me . You understand ? Please . I would have done exactly the same thing . I know . So this is it , this is the transmitter , this is how they send the implant signals up . And your father had it stashed away all along . That thing 's a lot more than a transmitter . You see these engravings , these inscriptions here , whatever you want to call them ? Fascinating . You don 't know the half of it . Along this edge here , these markings are the same as the ones you saw on these rubbings from 1947 . But on this side , on this edge here , this is all new information . That was not there before . It--it gathers information ? Now we know why they left it behind . It 's been documenting this whole ... experiment . How long ago did you take off the shield ? Day and a half . Nothing 's happened ? We 've got this , which is important , and we 've got the little girl . It would be interesting to see what would happen if the two were brought together . It 'll be dark soon . I can make that happen . Excuse me ? What do you do for bathrooms around here ? We go out back . What do women do ? You go out back . I guess you 'd have to take me ? I 'll walk you there , yeah . Okay , let 's go . Whoa . What 's with the case ? It 's got my products . Products ? You never had a sister , did you ? I really do have to go . That 's it there . I can take it from here . Um , do you think I could borrow your flashlight ? I 'm kind of scared of the dark . I guess it would be okay . Thank you . " And we fished and hunted , and that 's what we lived on . " Every little while , he 'd lock me in " and went down to the store . Three miles- - " I 'm Dr Crawford . The general sent me to have a look at Allie . I wasn 't told anything about it . No , you weren 't . I 'll need you to wait outside . It 's all right . She 's not going to hurt me . I cried when Huck found out Jim never told him it was his father floating in the water . We haven 't gotten that far . I 've spoiled it for you . I 'm sorry . I 'm really sorry . I can 't stand knowing how something ends . It makes the whole thing seem so pointless . It 's all right . I just don 't have a lot of experience with kids . It 's really okay . I kind of guessed something like that was going to happen . You 're pretty good at that--guessing . Yeah , sort of . It must be so strange for you- - finding out how strong you are , all the things you can do . It is , a little . I frightened you a lot . I 'm--I 'm sorry . I never meant to scare you . You don 't care if you do . That 's not really true . I 'm not the kind of person who takes pleasure in frightening people , hurting them . But you do it , anyway . ( inhales deeply ) They 're not coming , are they ? I don 't know . Maybe that 's for the best . Do you want to go home ? Yes . This is something that belonged to my grandfather . Tell me what it says . Read it for me , and you can go . You can read it , can 't you ? Tell me what it says . What do you want it to say ? Don 't go little Buddha on me , honey . I don 't like it . Pick up the damn thing and read it . Pick it up ! Hah . Good as new . What happened ? Oh , my God . Well , there it is . I 'd say that now is a very good time for you to tell me what this is all about . This is gonna be a little hard to believe . Well , try me . You ever heard of the Roswell crash ? You mean that flying-saucer thing ? My father was half-alien . His father was the one survivor of that crash . Our daughter was conceived onboard an alien craft . She is of incredible importance to them . A government agency now has her . We don 't know why . She told you it was gonna be a little hard to believe . I believe every word she said . ( gasps ) What were you doing with the girl ? Just getting acquainted . Either one of them tries to leave this area again , - ( gasps ) - Shoot ' em . Is there a problem , Sol- - All units ! Target inbound ! Get ready ! SOLDIER : Let 's go ! Move out ! ( soldiers clamoring ) ( beeping ) Check out the little girl 's brain activity ! Look at this pattern ! It 's like an REM cycle kicked into overdrive ! I 've never seen anything like it ! SOLDIER : We got a sighting ! ( motor humming ) SOLDIER : Elevation--45 degrees ! SOLDIER : Get ready to fire ! ( beeping accelerating ) Allie must be in the farmhouse . We 've got to get her out ! Lisa , wait . You go running down there , and they 're gonna shoot you . I 've got to get her out of there . Lisa ! Lisa ! All batteries , report status ! Over . Alpha ready . Bravo ready . Charlie ready . All batteries , stand by ! All batteries , lock on target ! All batteries , fire on my command ! Ten , nine , eight , seven ... Sir , what about the little girl ? - Five , four ... - We 've got to get her . - At ease . - Sir ! At ease , soldier ! One . Fire ! Fall back ! Fall back ! Fall back ! Fall back ! Fall back ! - Mary ! - ( screaming ) Lisa . Lisa , wait ! I can 't ! Will you two quit playing tug-o-war with each other ! You 're no good to your daughter if you 're lying down there , shot dead in some field . I know another way into that valley . Come on . Come on . ( coughs ) SOLDIER : Watch your step over here . Let 's take her . Advance to the perimeter of the craft . Use extreme caution . Mary , no ! Shoot her . Call them off ! ( gunshot ) Assault positions ! Aah ! ( Subtitle Revised by HchC ) Previously on Taken ... ( Subtitle Revised by HchC ) I 've gotta find my daughter , please ! - LISA : Allie did this . - CHARLIE : Allie gave us missing time ? Why did you let us take you ? I thought if I went with you , they 'd be all right . MARY : Our families go way back . ALLIE : Your grandfather wasn 't a very happy man . ( gunshot ) Why are you trying so hard to be like him ? OWEN : Something 's about happen . Maybe next week , maybe in 30 years , but these visitors- - they 're moving toward something . I saw the saucer and its occupants . This is from my grandmother . You take one with you , and I 'll keep the other . MARY : I think you and I might be the end of all this . We might just be the beginning . I can 't see anything ! I can 't see anything at all ! BEERS : You believe that thing you put on her head blocks her signal ? MARY : In a matter of days , we may be able to set foot inside one of their craft , to meet these beings , to find out what this has all been about . They can do some pretty incredible things . They can make you see things that are not there . That thing 's a lot more than a transmitter . It gathers information ? - I 'm Dewey . - We 'd like to hire your services . What have we got out in those woods that you two are so anxious to go hunting for ? Our daughter . The army has her . I 've told you guys about my mum . She 'd bake us Toll House cookies , and we 'd share the whole plate of them while she read . You start to lose them after they die . My orders are to take down their craft . As far as I 'm concerned , we 're at war . - SOLDIER : Alpha ready . - SECOND SOLDIER : Bravo ready . Fire ! ( gasps ) Advance to the perimeter of the craft ... use extreme caution . CHET : Mary , no ! Shoot . ( monitor beeping ) ( panting ) MAN : Secondary system 's up . The little girl 's in this revved-up REM state . I 've never seen anything like it . You check for equipment malfunction ? First thing . This is her brain- - live and in person . She 's working hard at something . What do we got ? No further indication of energy from the craft since that last burst . Is it dead ? Interesting choice of words . Doctor , I need to know how much danger my men are in . What I don 't need is your mouth . If they were fixin ' to do something , they would have done it when they took Miss Crawford . - They 're done . We 're moving in . - You 'd be jeopardizing Mary- - Miss Crawford . You and I both know Miss Crawford made that choice when she ran for the craft . You never should have stopped me . I should 've gotten her . We stand a better chance of helping her if we keep going this way . We don 't know if that 's true . All I know is , that 's my daughter down there . How do I get to that farmhouse ? My daughter 's in that farmhouse . How do I get down there ? You gotta climb down the side of the mountain here . Let 's keep coming around back- - They won 't be able to see us with that thing in the ground . We should get out of here . I 'm just a hunting guide . This is way out of my league . I know it 's your kid down there , but ... We 're going . I 'm sorry . We 've got the cameras up . Good . All right , men , remember your training . Stay cool . Okay , move into positions . Men. we need to know what you see. when you see it . This is a reconnaissance . If you see anything . don 't engage unless they start it . Roger that . Approach the craft with extreme caution . Look for any indications of activity . Roger . Walker , take a team and go . Williams , Keel , Pierce , Ryan , Mack- - let 's move out . Lisa , wait . Lisa , are you okay ? Lisa . Yeah ... Yeah . Come on . Lisa ? Allie 's all right . She 's doing something very ... very hard . Sweet Jesus , that 's big . Sir. we 're 20 yards from the perimeter . The craft appears to be dead . All right. men . Proceed and look for an opening . What the hell happened ? Where 's your image ? I can 't seem to locate the problem . Nothing wrong with the equipment . Get me a picture , soldier . Come on ! Would any of you nice young people like one of my Toll House cookies ? Lieutenant ! Mum ? Command. we 're not sure exactly what we just saw . but some sort of opening has appeared in the craft . We 've got you on video . Lost you . Command. how do you hear ? Okay . Here we go . Let 's get it together . And , Walker ... stay alert , stay alive . Roger . We 're going in . Here we go , fellas . What are we supposed to do when we get there , knock on the side and say , " Open up " ? WALKER : I guess we do whatever we can . Walker . Walker ! Walker ? Lost coms . They 're flying blind . Let God be with them . Did you kids change your mind about the cookies ? What the hell is this , Pierce ? I don 't know . Maybe it 's heaven . It 's not heaven at all . It 's West Virginia . Now come in and have some cookies . This isn 't real , Pierce . None of this is real . I know . I don 't care . Walker , that 's my mum . I know she 's dead . I don 't care . I don 't care what 's real . You 'll shoot your eye out . Are you sure you don 't want a cookie ? Lieutenant ... let 's go . It feels like ... a thousand voices all talking at once . Dr Wakeman , have you noticed any fluctuations in the girl 's- - Not now . You might want to consider a more cooperative attitude . Miss Crawford came here against my express orders . You , on the other hand , were invited to assist us . Miss Crawford left you out here , doctor . She left you , and now she 's in there , jeopardizing your years of research as much as she 's jeopardizing my operation . Is that what he 's doing ? I 'm ... I 'm okay . - Be still . - ( gasps ) Ma 'am . Hold it right there . Don 't move . I see your father in you . Not enough to ruin things . Your father really should have taken a closer look at you . But he was too busy staring at his own navel to appreciate what he had . You 've done all right to get this far , Mary . You 've done fine . Here , have a cookie . They 're really good . How is this happening ? They go into your head , and they pull things out . You 've seen pictures of me . You have an idea of how you want me to be . In my day , we called them " projections , " I think now you call them " screen memories . " There are so many things I want to ask you ... But I suppose I 'd just be asking myself . Give it a try . You might find out something about yourself you never knew . I 've done things , terrible things . - You had to . - Why ? To learn about them ? To see them ? What ? Because of your overwhelming sense of their power . Because you truly know the future lies with them . Do you have another idea ? They made this girl , Allie , because they weren 't complete without us , without ... without something we could give them . Either way , their power is what compels you . I know the feeling . You want to be a part of that power at all cost . You don 't need that doctor boyfriend of yours anymore , Mary . You can 't trust him , and you know more now than he does . Trust your gut , your instincts , and you 'll be fine . Believe me . No . You 're me . You 're saying what I want you to say . I 'm saying what you know . They 're gonna win , aren 't they ? What makes you think it 's a contest ? My mother told me once that she was kind of frightened of you , that you were a scary guy . I never thought of myself as scary . I don 't see it , either . What I see is a man who couldn 't live up to his dreams . What do you mean ? You had this--all of it . You had Jacob Clarke . You had him , and you let him go . - You think I had him ? - You did . You don 't know what happened . That little boy frightened you . He frightened you so badly that you let him go . You let him go , and you spent the rest of your life running from whatever it was you saw . - It 's not that simple . - It couldn 't be simpler . You saw something that frightened you , and you ran . You 're right , I did see something . You want to know what scared me so badly ? Yes . That 's what I want to know . You want to know what I saw ? Yes , damn it , I want to know what you saw ! Then look at me , Mary . Look at me . ( screaming and sobbing ) You sure you don 't want a cookie , Mary ? Found these two in the woods , sir . My God . You know these people ? Allie 's mother and father . Put ' em somewhere where they can 't bother anybody . Take him , too . I don 't want anybody else deciding to run and play in the spaceship . Any of ' em gives you any trouble at all , shoot ' em . That 's it , let 's go . Let 's go . Lisa , talk to me , Lisa . So you 're Charlie . You don 't use the last name " Keys , " do you ? There was a time when a great deal of money and technology went into looking for you . Kind of a boost to the old ego , wouldn 't you say ? If we have time when this is over , I 'd like a moment to knock you on your ass . Oh , yes--a fighter . No-nonsense . That 's what they always liked about the Keys family- - you guys had ' tude . Your fight 's not with me anymore , Chuck . The soldier boys took over . It 's a whole new ball game now . Lisa , are you all right ? All these voices ... more and more . It 's too hard ... just a little longer ... You still think this is all some kind of weird experiment ? I think you ought to ask me later is what I think , sir . ( gasps ) Get ' em off ! Get ' em off ! Get ' em off me ! Walker ! Walker ! They 're not real ! They 're in your head ! They 're in your head ! Okay , yeah . Did I also tell you guys that I 'm really , really scared of rabid dogs and cobras ? Joke . It was a joke . Let 's move out . Alle ihre erinnerungen und alle ihre angste . Miss Crawford- - How do we know it 's really her ? Alle ihre erinnerungen und alle ihre angste . All your memories and all your fears . ( guns firing ) WALKER : Come in , Colonel ! Come in ! - SOLDIER : Anybody copy ? - We 're here . Say again . They 're everywhere ! Lieutenant Williams , get your people out of there ! Look at that . Walker , withdraw from the objective . Pull back now . Williams , do you copy ? WALKER : Does anybody copy ? They 're coming out of the walls. sir . ( panting heavily ) Keel ! Pierce ! Any stations . Do you copy ? MAN : What 's that ? ( rumbling ) Oh , my God . MAN : Hold steady , guys . Come on , come on . Fall back ! Fall back ! Fall back ! ( yelling orders ) SOLDIER : What do we do , sir ? Lisa . Lisa . Lisa . Lisa . I guess they got what they came for . That little girl is gone . ALLIE : When I was very little . my mother would read nursery rhymes to me . I always hated Humpty Dumpty . That 's a very scary poem . No one knows how to put it back together again- - not all the king 's horses or all the king 's men . No one wants to think that there 's anything in the world that could fall apart that badly . but. of course ... anything can . I guess that 's what 's so scary about Humpty Dumpty . Move the troops and weapons out of here quick . I don 't want to be here when and if the media comes to see about this so-called toxic spill . We 'll debrief at Fort Ash . And , Colonel ... we were never here . Bring the mother and father , too . We 're gonna need to talk to them . They 're our only link to the girl . We don 't have a prayer in hell , do we ? Just get it all done ASAP . Sir , I found this in the back of the Humvee that Miss Crawford was in . You want to tell me what this is ? It 's theirs . No kidding . Get me Wakeman . Peters , send in Wakeman . You showed this to the little girl , didn 't you ? Damn it . Mary , you all right ? What happened ? What did you see ? What can you tell me about this , doctor ? Nice ... very nice . What is it ? Ahem ... it gathers information , responds to stimuli . It could be a recording device ... could be a brain . Just keep it up , doctor . You and Miss Crawford withheld valuable information . In my opinion , your actions and those of Miss Crawford are directly responsible for the failure of this mission . Nice to have someone to blame when things go wrong , huh ? Put ' em in the truck with the others and take ' em back to Fort Ash ! Maybe the ride will give ' em a little time to consider the consequences of being uncooperative . - Let 's go . - Ma 'am . I want two guards on them at all times . Where are we being taken ? She needs medical attention . I don 't need anything . Charlie , it 's gonna be all right . These two are coming with me . Lieutenant , I would like you to join us . What , you 're not even gonna try and find Allie ? They just take her away , and that 's that ? What would you suggest ? I don 't know . Just come with me , Charlie . It 's gonna be all right . You drive . I ride in the back with the mother . Can you tell me about it ? I don 't want to talk about it , Chet , I really don 't . I 'm sorry about the artifact . I was guarded . I couldn 't get to it . It 's not important anymore . How can you say that ? You saw it . It was working overtime . Something is still going on . When you went into that ship , what did you see ? Bugs . Cockroaches . Something you 're afraid of ? It 's been a thing with me ever since I was a kid . And the other soldier ? Pierce . He saw his mother . We all did . Turn around . Turn around ! Stop the truck and get the general on the radio . You 'll have to sit down . I don 't have to do anything . What you have to do is turn this truck around , unless you want to tell the general you refused to go back and get the girl . Stop the truck . Stop the truck ! Get on the radio and see if you can get the general . Honk your horn . Maybe he 'll see us . ( honk honk ) General Beers , do you copy ? Why are we stopping ? Where the hell 's the mother and father ? They 're with you , sir . What ? They were with you , sir . I can explain this to you , but you 're not gonna like it . They put the farmhouse back . They never took it away . See if the little girl is inside . ( soldiers shout orders ) What 's the meaning of this ? Do you see it ? There was nothing . No craft , no aliens--nothing . Everything we saw and just went through , it all came out of our heads . She took it . Allie took it . Our wishes , our dreams , our fears ... our memories . Then she played them all back . Is that possible , doctor ? You ever played tick-tack-toe with a chicken ? It 's something you do at county fairs . You see , when you pick a square , it releases feed into the spot where the chicken should go next . What you see from out there with all the suckers is a game of tick-tack-toe . But what the chicken sees from inside the game is a very different level of reality . So none of this really happened ? This little girl can manifest thought . That 's as simply as I know how to put it . Then find a way to put it more simply . She fooled us , General . Pure and simple . The house is clear . I 'm gonna check the perimeter . You with me . Check the back . Then where is she ? This is the part you 're definitely not gonna like . Sir , where am I going ? Where we 're going is back to find our daughter . Now get out ! Get out ! You don 't have to go anywhere . I don 't know what you did , honey , but you sure did it . Hey ... hey . Hey , honey . They wanted to use me to make the ship come down . I know . I thought if I could make them think that I 'd gone- - that I had been taken- - they would stop looking for me and everything could just go back to the way it was . It 's all right . It 's gonna be all right . But they were gonna take you away . Don 't . You did great . They 're gonna figure it out . And they 're gonna come looking for me again . Just ' cause they 're looking doesn 't mean they 'll find you . Charlie 's right . We are not gonna let them get you again . I 'm scared . Sweetheart ... I just wanted to say ... I don 't know what happened back there and I don 't think I ever will , but seeing my mum again- - what you did for me was a pure kindness , and I 'll always thank you for it . Soldiers coming . Allie , can you help us ? Nothing 's happening . She 's exhausted . Come here . I 'm sorry about hitting you . You really care about Allie , don 't you ? Yeah . She needs your help . Took off over those hills about ten minutes ago . SOLDIER : Load up ! Okay , just to recap- - we got a giant craft- - a mother ship , if you will- - that everyone saw but wasn 't really there at all because she made it all up . And then , while we 're standing around with our thumbs up our collective asses , she waltzes up looking just like me and takes off with her parents . That about sum it up ? Perimeter sealed ? Soldiers at every access . We 'll find ' em . If you do find them , General , then what will you do ? When Allie did what she did , when she manifested the ship and everything in it , she demonstrated a power far beyond anything the aliens themselves are capable of . So what , do we pack up our tents and go home ? I see it more as , uh ... sit back and enjoy the show . What happened , soldier ? They overpowered me , sir . They overpowered me and got away . Wonderful . Allie ? Thought them soldiers would never leave . I 've been up there watching you guys for a couple hours . You just gonna stand there waiting for me to apologize , or are you gonna get in the damn truck ? What did they do to that poor little girl ? ALLIE : I had done what I could . I tried to make the soldiers think that their plan to use me as bait hadn 't worked . that I had been taken away . I thought that if I could make them believe that I was gone. then they wouldn 't bother me anymore . and I could go back to who I used to be . But too much had happened to all of us by then for anything to go back to how it was . Well , this is as far as I go . Just leave me here and keep on going . You might need all them rich-boy tents and stuff in back . Thank you . Have you got a car around here ? In the parking lot of the bar . You better give me the keys . I 'll put it somewhere where they won 't find it right away . There 's something I gotta say here . I saw something that I never thought I 'd see . And as for me running out on you up there , l- - No . - You take care of your little girl . - Thanks . I hope this ends well for you . Thank you . Now go on . Get out of here . Okay . That 's everything , right ? Hey . Hello . How ya doin ' ? I 'm all right . You helped her escape , didn 't you ? No ... I didn 't . I know you did . I can either tell the colonel , or you and I can talk . They overpowered me . Sure they did . She told me you could be trusted- - Allie--when I was with her . She told me if things got out of hand , that you were a good guy , and you 'd been nice to her . I don 't understand . You 've noticed I 'm not exactly on good terms with your general . I was opposed to this entire operation- - taking a little girl and using her as bait . It 's sick . It 's all right . Like I said , she told me you were a good guy . I 'm not asking just to know . I 'm worried about her . Worried ? If you had to help her , that means she couldn 't help herself . Do you mean , like , look like someone who wasn 't there ? For example . If she 's weak or sick , she may need my help . She tried to do something , but she couldn 't . So she 's weak . Is she gonna be all right ? I 'm sure she 'll be just fine . - WOMAN : Here you go , come on . - ( dog barks ) - BOY : Got it , Dad . - Brought your favourite right here . How 's she doing ? She 's asleep . My father had some of what Allie has . My Uncle Tom--he said that using his abilities made my dad weak . That 's what killed him . She 's not your father . She 's got other things in her . Your blood ? Yeah , and your mum 's . Lisa , there 's a reason this all leads up to her . Maybe she can handle it . We don 't know that . What if she never gets better ? What if she just burned herself out and this is all that 's left ? Then we 'll get her some help . Who are we gonna get to help her ? The first thing is to get off the road , get someplace safe . My uncle and I have a plan . If things get bad enough , I put an ad in the personals of the New York Times- - " Drummer seeks gig in country-western band . " Then Tom gets a message to me about where to meet him . How does he do that ? Talk radio . A guy named William Jeffries has a late-night talk show about aliens , government conspiracies- - Crazy stuff . Right . And my uncle , having written these books about aliens and government conspiracies ... Jeffries is always glad to take his call . Then we 'll place an ad . I got it . Thanks . Nothing . Not on the little girl or her mother ? No signal ? What does that mean ? I 'd say it means that Allie was the point of all this , and now that she 's demonstrated , they don 't care about anyone else . - I want her back . - You don 't have the means . Find her for me . Are you asking me back into the fold , General ? Would you like for us to work together again ? This little girl is the product of three generations of selective breeding , of a genetic experiment on an unparalleled scale . Once they produced her , they sat back for nine more years . I would suggest to you that they were waiting for a moment when all that was latent in her would become active . When she did what she did here- - made us see the craft- - that was her " demonstrating " ? They saw the power they 'd been waiting to see . This little girl- - this extremely powerful little girl- - I don 't need to point out how important she is to us . There 's a big leap from looking at the sun to making a hydrogen bomb . In between , you just go blind . I 'm gonna find that little girl , with or without your help . And when you find her , then what ? When this started , you asked us just how powerful she was . She did this , she did all this , General , and I believe she 's just getting started . In a war , Miss Crawford , you don 't run away just because the enemy has superior firepower . Do you really still see this as a war ? I told you that before , yes . It 's between us and them . I can help you win it . I can help you find the girl . Mary- - Your soldier Pierce helped her get away . He helped her because she was too weak to help herself . She 's weak now . You can pick her up . But when she gets strong again , she 'll be unstoppable . You 're thinking , " l can get to the girl . Why do I need this bitch in the mix ? " I don 't use the expression " in the mix . " When I showed her the artifact- - that thing my grandfather found at Roswell- - she saw something that frightened her deeply . I know what she saw . Do you ? I know because I saw it , too , and it frightened me . It 's what my grandfather saw . And you 're not sharing ? I agree that this is a war , and we 're fighting an enemy we can 't possibly defeat , not with any of the means at our disposal . But that little girl is much more powerful than they are . Here 's the kicker- - I know how to talk her into working for us . What are you doing ? I told him what he wanted to hear . It sounded pretty real to me . We 'll give them just enough truth to hang themselves . You 'll help him use Allie to stop them ? That 's what I told him , yes . I think that 's what you want now , too . That 's not what I want at all . What scared you ? What did you see ? It 's like a walk through a mine field , isn 't it ? - What is ? - Life . When you start out , there 's just a few mines- - childhood diseases , falls from high places- - then you hit adolescence , and there 's more mines- - drugs , unprotected sex , drunk drivers , lonely kids with guns- - and the older you get , the more mines you see , and all you 're trying to do is get to the other side of the field , but that 's not possible , is it ? No , because the more you look , the more mines you see . Pretty soon , you realize that there 's nowhere left to step . Mary ... what did you see ? What did I see ? I saw where all the mines were . I saw everything I 'd ever done , everything that had ever happened to me . I saw where all this would end . That 's what Owen saw . That 's what destroyed him . I 'm not folding like my grandfather did . Did what I see frighten me ? Of course it did . Will it stop me ? No . Everybody dies . Don 't worry about the general , sweetheart . We 'll keep him around for as long as we have to . Once we have Allie on our side , he doesn 't stand a chance . What 's Allie scared of ? You said you thought the artifact was gathering information . Well , say that 's their record of this whole experiment , everything they 've done and intend to do here . You 'll agree that Allie is the end result of that . - She 's what this is all about ? - Of course . I think she saw her own destiny . I think she saw what they want her to do , and I don 't think she likes it . ( cheering ) Happy birthday , Allie ! Allie , happy birthday . Yee-haw . We 're so glad to have you back , Allie . We never want you to go away again . ( cheering continues ) Look at all the presents ! Look at all of your friends ! This is where you belong . This is where you should stay . We can all be one happy family . ALL : Stay with us , Allie . ( all talk at once ) I can 't ! I can 't . ( breathing heavily ) ( truck door closes ) You 're not going to come inside ? If somebody comes , what are you gonna do ? I don 't know . I want to keep watch . They had no right to do any of this . No . Our lives don 't belong to them , Lisa . There 's gotta be a way to stop this . You 're a good guy . I 'm glad you 're with us . Mum . Honey , you feeling better ? Can I talk to you for a minute ? Yeah . This is all getting pretty scary , huh ? When those people took me- - the ones that thought they could trick the spaceship into coming down- - Yeah . Do you remember that woman ? You know , the one that I went with at Dr Penzler 's ? Right . She said that her family and our family had known each other for a long time , that her grandfather knew your grandma . She had this thing that her grandfather had found when the spaceship crashed a long time ago . What sort of thing ? It was a piece of some sort of metal . It was more than that , though . It was part of them . I could feel in her head that it was important , that she had done a lot of things to get it . She asked me to read it to her . Could you ? No ... but I felt like I understood it . It made me feel like I was with all of them . Does that make sense ? If you felt it , then , yes , it does . She asked me to touch it , but I didn 't . Why not ? When I looked at it , I saw things . What ... kind of things ? ( softly ) Things that are going to happen . Mummy ... Yeah ? I just want to stay here with you . You are gonna stay here with me , okay ? - I won 't be long . - Okay . An army spokesperson said that the little girl and her parents had inadvertently wandered into an area under quarantine after a toxic spill . What about that little girl ? Whoever heard something like that ? Army chasing after a kid ? The little girl may have come in contact with something that is extremely dangerous . Sounds like some sort of secret biological hoodoo . One of those , like , flesh-eating viruses where you bleed out your eyeballs . The Bush Administration has issued a statement flatly denying the growing rumours of some sort of biological weapons test . What did I just say ? Flesh-eating virus . ... you 're urged to contact the FBI or your nearest army barracks with details . There is a substantial reward for any information leading to her whereabouts . Tell me how substantial that reward is , maybe I 'll forget about the extremely dangerous- - Dude , your change ! What the heck crawled up his butt ? ... driving a silver GMC Sierra . Again. if you have any information on the girl or her parents- - First thing we gotta do is get rid of this truck . We 'll take backroads , we won 't camp at sites . My mum and I moved around a lot , so I 've got experience with this kind of thing . Well , it seems to have stopped thinking for the moment . I know it shut down . What I want to know is , why ? Your grandfather tried to have it translated , right ? My father , too . Any luck ? You really should have told me about this earlier . Trust is the basis for all healthy relationships . I didn 't think we knew each other well enough . You two can work on your relationship on your own time . What can I tell you ? I take my work home with me . The artifact never came on when either your father or grandfather had it , right ? My father certainly never mentioned it . We 're gonna translate it . We 're gonna learn how to speak alien . The best way to crack any code is to know what they 're trying to say . This thing came on to record Allie 's demonstration of power . So then everything that happened in North Dakota should be on there right now . Or a recipe for chicken a la grey . I think we can do this and make this work . We 're gonna need a team of linguists , cryptologists- - Mathematicians ? The Fibonacci Sequence again . I 'm glad you find it so promising . Why don 't see if it starts off by telling me where I can find the little girl ? The place is deserted . You 'll be safe here . Okay . You should probably give me all the money . Right . All we got . Charlie ... Be safe , okay ? We need you . Well , I could maybe give you that Datsun over there . Does it run ? On a wing and a prayer . You figure I 'm asking a lot , wanting you to take a truck with no papers ... Yeah , I do . Even though it 's fully tricked-out , less than 20,000 miles on it ? All the more reason to be dubious , my friend . I need something reliable . And I need a vehicle I don 't have to strip into parts to see a profit . You and I both know that , stripped down to parts , this truck will get you at least $ 1 5,000 . I have a feeling you couldn 't stand to watch a profit like that drive away . Why don 't I just turn you in ? Then the cops take the truck . Look , the only way this works out for you is if you cut a deal with me . All right . You look around and tell me what will meet your needs . I 'll go juggle some numbers , see what I can do . ( radio plays ) Hi there . Oh , uh ... just coffee . You sure you don 't want anything else ? Our early bird hasn 't killed too many people this week . Coffee 's fine . Let me get this mess for you . Oh , man . I 'm so sorry . No . Here , let me- - Forget it ! Forget it ! Let me help . No . I gotta go wash this crap off . Let me help you . I think you 've done enough . Lousy cup of coffee , and you 're this much work ? You could 've ordered something . Getting hungry ? Yeah . Charlie should be back with some real food soon . He 's been gone a long time . I know . Here . Feeling better ? I 'm okay . Don 't , uh ... Don 't do anything for a while , even if people come for us , okay ? I don 't think I can yet . Well , don 't try . I thought you might want to have ... this . I knew I 'd find you . I knew I 'd be able to bring it to you . You 're gonna have a hell of a lot to write about . Yeah . " Yeah " ? That 's all you got from me ? Yeah ... Yeah . Probably just Charlie . Do you know how to use that ? Not a clue . But if I point it at someone , they 're not gonna know that . You stay here . I 'll go see who they are and what they want . And , baby ... don 't do anything . I can take care of this . Hello , Allie . Allie ? Allie ? Get away from my daughter right now ! Hello , Lisa . Please , don 't be frightened . I 'm your grandfather . Your grandmother gave this to me a long time ago . ( truck approaching ) ( radio playing ) ( men yelling ) Whoo ! Yeah ! We know you 've got that little girl in there ! Come on out ! Dude , turn that up . Maybe they can 't hear us . Stay here . Let me take care of this . THUG : Get out here . Want us to come in there and get you ? Come on out . Got a little surprise for you . Come on out before we come in ! Yeah . We 've come about the little girl . There 's no little girl here . It 's just me . You 're lying . We followed you up from Halsey . We saw the guy take off in his truck . You and your friends should go away . There 's nothing here for you but trouble . This trouble supposed to be coming from you , huh ? Bang . Who the hell are you ? Huh ? Who the hell are you ? What the hell are you doing ? Make him stop . Shoot him ! Shoot him , somebody ! Shoot him ! Shoot him ! Shoot him ! Shoot him ! Somebody shoot him ! Allie ? Go away ! Go away now ! Allie , what are you doing ? Stop it , please ! Stop it . Get out of here ! ( all yelling at once ) ( tyres squeal ) What the hell is going on ? These guys came for Allie . She scared them off . CHARLIE : Who 's that ? Allie 's ... great-grandfather . You mean he 's- - They shot him . Good . He was trying to help . Help ? He 's the one who 's responsible for this whole thing . We wouldn 't need his help if he hadn 't started this . What do you want , huh ? What the hell do you want ? ! Charlie , stop it ! Let 's go . People are gonna come looking for this truck . What about him ? Leave him . Leave him and let 's go . We can 't just leave him here . Sweetheart , he 's not our friend . That doesn 't matter . It 's not the right thing to do . Can 't just leave him . No , sir , I don 't have another explanation . We didn 't get information about the vehicle until this morning . Thankfully , there 's been no media circus yet . Yes , I appreciate that fact , sir . Thank you , sir . " You can 't get re-elected if people perceive you as beatable . " Put that in the quote book right next to " Ask not what your country can do for you . " We got enough to do out in the field without having to cover junior 's ass . Okay , beautiful . Thanks . What do you think happened here ? I think it 's safe to say her strength is returning . You love me ... right ? What is this , Chet ? Remember I said that we didn 't have a signal on Allie , that we didn 't know where she was ? I lied . Yes , Chet . I love you . ALLIE : There 's a feeling you get sometimes in a bad dream . You 're running. and something dark and big is chasing you . and you want to just stop to let the dark. big thing catch up with you . Something bad is going to happen . you can ' t change that . but you can turn and see it coming . You can see the face of your bad dream . ( Subtitle Revised by HchC ) - MAN : Doctor ! - Please . We 've got to get away from all these people . - They 're with somebody . - With somebody ? Another man . According to these gentlemen , a man stepped forward . A guy in his 30s . His eyes turned black , and they shot him . They were waiting for her to demonstrate . They see she 's got the power , and bam ! They 're here . You 're saying the one who did all this was an alien ? You are paying attention . She didn 't leave in a spaceship . She left in a Dodge Durango . Still doesn 't make you look very good , does it ? You take a nine-year-old girl and a special ops unit into the American heartland , you lose the girl , you come up with nothing . - You 're in the deep end . - You 're right in there with me . I have to go back to Washington and explain what happened here . Find me the girl and whoever she 's with . - How 'd you like us to do that ? - The little girl 's weak . This being who came to help her has been shot . You 'll have a definite advantage . - Smooth sailing , I 'd say . - Just do it . And when we find her ? Then find me . I 'll take it from there . WAKEMAN : That 's worked so well up till now . I 'm not goin ' down alone on this one . Try not to screw things up . They 're about ten hours ahead of us in Montana . I had our guy switch the monitoring to my laptop in case the general got it into his head to check . Good . Mary , you 've been through a lot with your father and everything with Allie . I just wanted you to know I 'm here for you . I know that . You said you thought they were waiting for her to demonstrate . Yeah . What happens now that she has ? Pie . - What ? - Pie . My rule of any car trip . Let 's find a place to get some . I 'll tell you my theory of everything . JOHN : She 's exhausted from all that she 's been doing . - She 'll be all right . - Will she ? And then what ? They come for her again or she does something again . You 've gotta do something to change all this . I just want my little girl back . You started all this , and you don 't have any more of an idea where it 's gonna end than any of us do . Charlie ? What 's going on ? Get out . Get out ! LISA : What are you doing ? Just give me a minute . I want to talk to you . LISA : We need his help . Allie does . His help ? He 's the one responsible ! I want to know what the hell this is all about . Charlie , you 're hurting him . Stop it . He 's already weak . Sweetheart , it 's gonna be all right . Give me a minute . Why are you here ? Why have you been doing this ? What the hell do you want ? - We 're just trying to understand . - Understand what ? Everything . JOHN : I 'll try to put this in terms that you commonly use . I 'm ... a scientist . We were all scientists . We came here to learn about your world . Our idea was to find out everything- - your history , your biology ... everything . We came here to learn . We 're not that different from you genetically , biologically , but what you call evolution has changed us . We see things in you that ... we no longer recognize in ourselves . WAKEMAN : What do we know ? They 're this energy that can manifest itself in different ways- - as the beings we 've seen , as their crafts , as our thoughts . There 's no right or wrong about them . JOHN : The whole concept of right and wrong was ... alien to us . The idea that the things we were doing were cruel ... WAKEMAN : They have no concept of kindness or cruelty , no way of seeing beyond the oneness of all that energy ... JOHN : ... to the separateness , the uniqueness , your ability to hate , to love , to feel . You have compassion as well as cruelty . We lack both . Or that is , the traits lie dormant ... WAKEMAN : ... in their brains , like the animal that lives far back inside all of us . But an experience of something basic can awaken that primitive thing . JOHN : And that 's what happened . Your grandmother Sally , she took me in and showed me a great kindness . MARY : Something could have touched one of them , something simple , awakened the sense of what was missing , something gone and half-remembered . And so our greatest experiment began . Could they put it back , this thing that had been bred out of them for eons and eons ? JOHN : Your emotional core- - your strength , your feeling- - and our more-evolved consciousness ... could we bring these two together ? If we could do this , we would have the next ... MARY : ... step in the evolution of life . The experiment was an unqualified success . What do you think is gonna happen next ? Allie goes with us . We work with her . We help her to understand our part of the equation . That 's never gonna happen . You still don 't get it . This ... thing you saw in my grandmother , this compassion , our humanity- - you still don 't have a clue what that means . Allie is my daughter . She is nine years old . I love her with all my heart and soul . You will never take her away from me . She can 't stay here , Lisa . She did too much . If she uses her power again , that part of her that 's us , it will kill her . You were right . Those people will keep coming after her , and she will do something to keep you or Charlie safe . It 's the only place for her . That is what 's next . No , it isn 't . You 've inflicted enough pain on this planet . It 's over . Let it go . Go away . Montana . Looks like they 've stopped . We should be able to catch up with them tonight . Tomorrow morning at the latest . We 've taken it all the way together , haven 't we ? I don 't know what you mean . We 're gonna be there when it comes together . We 're gonna know we did our part . Our part ? Keep Allie safe , so they can finish their work . You 're fine with that , aren 't you ? Them finishing their work . I can 't wait . That 's all you want , right ? Front seat at the show ? They 're more highly evolved than we are . She 's more highly evolved than they are . It 's the way of the Tao . Nature takes its course . What if it 's our nature to fight back ? Then we lose . Evolution 101 . Pretty weird couple of days . Yeah , pretty weird . You all right ? I just want to be home listening to my CDs playing soccer with my friends . I know . I 'm just a little kid . I didn 't ask anyone to make me special . WOMAN ON RADIO : My friend Dale . his son was killed in the Gulf War . Allie showed him his boy . We all saw him clear as day ... Your uncle should have seen the ad we put in the paper by now . He will . He 'll call . RADIO HOST : What else happened . Cynthia ? CYNTHIA : People were there from the government . people who 'd come to take her . HOST : I want to hear the rest of this . but right now we 've got a call I 've been hoping for . I 'm gonna ask you to please stay on hold a few minutes . As he does from time to time . noted UFO-logiest Tom Clarke is checking in . - Talk to me . Tom . - TOM : Hi . Bill . HOST : Tom Clarke . What news from the front. my friend ? TOM : I 've got nothing tonight but a false alarm . I 'm calling from Gray 's Lake in Idaho . HOST : Gray 's Lake . Promising name . Uncle Tom ! Uncle Tom ! Hey , there , sweetie . Hey . - It 's good to see you . - Good to see you , too . Is this him ? - He 's my dad . - I know . - Tom . - Charlie . Thanks for taking such good care of our family . What kind of adventures you been on lately ? - A lot 's been goin ' on . - Oh , yeah ? Tom ? It 's good to see you . I thought we 'd go into Mexico through Texas . I got a guy down in El Paso . He 's working on the documents . He 's gonna meet us at my mum 's old place in Lubbock . I was thinking that you guys should go down to South America . I 've got a family there who can put you up indefinitely in Buenos Aires . It 's a big change , but I just think it 's something you have to do . What ? You 've got a feeling ? This is all supposed to be going somewhere , that 's all . Mexico sounds like a good idea . What do we do about him ? He doesn 't look too good . I don 't think we 'll have to worry about him much longer . ALLIE : People talk a lot as if the most important thing in life is to always see things for what they really are . But everything we do . every plan we make is kind of a lie . We 're closing our eyes and pretending the day won ' t ever come when we won ' t need to make any more plans . Hope is the biggest lie there is . and it is the best . You have to keep going as if it all mattered . or else we wouldn 't keep going at all . ( country western music on radio ) Want a granola bar ? Are they good ? They 're not as healthy as they say on the wrapper . They 've got a lot of sugar in them . You eat food , don 't you ? - We eat . - Try it . That 's good . I don 't want to do this . I know . At the gas station , I was gonna make those men hurt each other . I could have done that . - But you didn 't . - I almost did . I don 't want to hurt people . How do I make this stop ? I mean , if I couldn 't do any of those things , then people would leave me alone , wouldn 't they ? I don 't know that much about people . - Is there anything I can do ? - Nothing . Will the others come for you ? I 'm not important . Allie , things are gonna get hard for you for a while . You 'll be afraid , and you 'll be alone . You 're becoming more than you already are . I 'm not going to go with you . I belong here with my family . I brought this for you . What is it ? It was your great-grandmother 's . She gave it to me before I left . I can 't do this much longer . I know . - How you feelin ' ? - Okay . You always wanted to go on a long car trip , didn 't you ? ( laughs ) Allie ... John ... he 's helped us out , and he 's hurt , but that doesn 't mean you have to do anything he asks . I already told him I wasn 't going to go with him . What did he say ? He gave me this . Let me have that . My dad , he used to say that kids shouldn 't ever have to think about anything more complicated than baseball . You 're gonna be a little girl again ... I promise . Hey , back together again . See how this looks , gorgeous . I 'm never gonna let you go , honey . Never . MARY : Oh , that 's lovely . I 've got a gun to your mother 's back . I 'm betting I can get a shot into her before you turn the gas station into a flying saucer or a house of pies . Allie , don 't try to do anything . Do you understand ? Be a good girl . Listen to your mum . Allie , when we were in that farmhouse , you saw something that scared you . I think you know what they want you to do , and I don 't think you want to do it . I can take care of you . I can keep you safe from your ... friends . We can work together on this . I don 't want to hurt anybody . I really don 't . You 're out of options . You must have realized that by now . I have the resources and technology to help you . It 's me or them . I just want to help . You 're lying . You can 't help anyone . Let 's go . Get in the car ... now ! Get in ! Move ! Move ! CHARLIE : Lisa ! Allie ! Hey ! Hey ! ( horn honks ) WAKEMAN : Hold on ! - Allie , don 't do anything . It 's not safe ! - I didn 't do anything ! ( whimpering ) Come on ! ( gunshot ) - Stop it ! - You were gonna shoot her ! You 're damn right . She 's staying here with us ! That was too close . How did they find us ? CHARLIE : Sweetheart , I want to ask you something . Those people from the government- - when you went with them , you said they put something over your head . Right . I heard them say it was to block a signal . If those people know enough to block that signal , then they know how to read it , to track it . You have one , too , Lisa . That 's how they found you in Seattle . There 's not much point in going to Buenos Aires , is there ? No matter where we go , they 'd find us . TOM : There 's gotta be something we can do . You can shut her off , can 't you ? You can do something so they won 't be able to track her signal or mine . If you can do it , then do it . You owe us that much . I can 't do it . I don 't have the strength . But Allie can . Find it inside you , Allie . Can you ? LISA : Allie , don 't do anything . You 're weak . ALLIE : I have to . Allie , please , no . ( big band music playing ) ( turns music off ) What are you doing ? The music helps me concentrate . We 're not picking up their signals . I know . You know ? Shut off . Gone . No more signals . - You didn 't bother to tell me ? - I was gettin ' to it . - Do you think Allie did it ? - Probably . - You seem pleased about it . - Check this out . The sightings are starting again . Lights in the sky . Idaho and Nebraska . We better be ready . You can 't do anything , Mary . Don 't you get it ? You want to talk about what happened at the parking lot ? - You were gonna shoot her . - I was going to stop her . That 's not up to you . You 're not gonna let it go , are you ? I can 't . Do you know the story of the Medusa ? You look at her and you turn to stone . Unless you know the secret which you have to be an enlightened warrior to learn . This is going somewhere , right ? If you know the secret ... you can kill her . And then the winged horse , Pegasus , flies from her head and the world becomes a very ... very beautiful place . I used to think we could get something out of this . A new science ... something . I even thought we could get the better of them somehow . But we 're not ready to be anything but spectators in this . Anything more stone . I 'm not giving up , Chet . I 'm gonna find her , and I 'm gonna be more than just a witness to this . MAN ON RADIO : If it 's really all about the little girl Allie like all your callers are saying . then maybe this isn 't some evil conspiracy after all . Mr Jeffries . Maybe this is all about coming together and moving on . JEFFRIES : Thank you . Bruce from Nebraska . End on a good note . I always say . Are these the last days ? Is it all coming to a head ? The lights are in the sky. and a little girl is out there somewhere on the road . She 's in our thoughts . and she has our prayers . This is William Jeffries saying . " Keep watching the skies and hope for an answer that doesn 't hurt . " LISA : I should 've stopped her . I never should 've let her shut us off . All right , all right . Take a breath . Take a breath . Let her come out of it a little before she travels again . Nobody 's gonna find you here . - What about John ? - Let him rest . Give Allie a couple of days until she 's stronger . My friend will be here by then with the papers , and we can move on . What are you doing ? I can 't stay with you anymore . If I 'm here , sooner or later you 'll be found . Now that you 've turned your signals off once I 'm gone ... none of us will know where you are . You mean no one will be able to find me ? I can 't promise you that . Then at least you 'll get the chance to be the little girl you said you wanted to be . But if things get too difficult if you feel that you can 't stay here any longer , you can find us again . You 'll know . Find the part of you that is us . We 'll hear you , and we 'll come for you . But unless you call us ... we won 't be able to find you . I 'm the one that 's gonna know ? When the time comes ... it 'll be your choice . What I 've learned from doing this what 's changed in me I would never , never do any of this again . This is all my fault . It wasn 't mine to meddle . You wouldn 't have been able to do it if you weren 't supposed to . I 'm very glad I got to see you . Good-bye , Allie . Can I walk with you a minute ? Just to the edge of the woods . This is as far as you should go . Good-bye , Allie . ALLIE : How do you let someone go ? How do you understand that that 's all right . that everything changes ? How do you find a way for that to make you feel good about life instead of breaking your heart ? The hardest thing you 'll ever learn is how to say good-bye . LISA : Allie ? Allie ? Allie ... Allie . Charlie ? Charlie ! What did he do to her ? He did something and just left ! No , I don 't think so . I think she was about to give out anyway . I think he left to protect her ! I had this feeling about John , something he was feeling . When John showed Allie how to block our signals , I think he made it so the aliens couldn 't find us , either . But as long as he stayed with us , sooner or later they were gonna find us . He was part of them ... I don 't know . But I think when he went back , he was giving Allie , giving us all a chance . So we should take it . Maybe they don 't know where she is , either . - That 's a thought , isn 't it ? - You can 't be serious . What if they 're lookin ' for her , too ? Her signal disappeared and then her mother 's . And then the lights appeared . How 's that possible ? She 's with one of them . Good question . So what do you think ? The man driving the camper was Tom Clarke , Lisa 's uncle . Yeah , I thought I recognized him . He 's gettin ' a little long in the tooth . I had the office upload my grandfather 's files , everything we have on Tom Clarke . My--my grandfather went to Texas once . Yeah , and got the be Jesus scared out of him by Jacob Clarke , right ? Tom still owns his mother 's farmhouse , the one my grandfather went to get Jacob . - You think that 's where they 've gone ? - I 'm all for takin ' a look . What if they 're there , Mary ? Then what ? ( big band music playing ) ( turns up volume ) Austin , Texas . Tom Clarke . This is Tom Clarke . I 'm not home right now . but if you 'd like to leave a message . just leave it at the tone . Tom Clarke , this is Chet Wakeman . I 'm calling you with a warning . I want to help you . ( gunshot ) ( whimpering ) You know , I never would have thought , 50-odd years ago , when we found him in the shed it was all leading towards something like this . They took you , right ? They did . And you stood up to them , didn 't you ? I tried . You stood by Allie and Lisa . This goes way back for you . Grandpa ? My dad , too . They didn 't do us any favours . - Well ... - Sorry . Nothing 's ever simple , is it ? I 'm gonna go inside and see how Allie 's doin ' . ( camera shutter clicks ) ( siren wailing ) What happened ? I called you as soon as I heard . I 've explained a bit of the situation to the local authorities . They 've agreed to yield jurisdiction . How 'd it go in Washington ? In my years as a commanding officer , I find I get the best results from my people when I don 't refer to them as incompetent idiots . People perform best when they 're not riddled with self-doubt . The joint chiefs seem to favour a more direct approach . We got 48 hours to find the girl . I want to thank you for steppin ' up , Captain . Colonel Breck wasn 't up to the challenge , something this--this unusual . Thank you , sir . With all due respect to the colonel , sir , what did he expect ? It 's one thing to expect something , Captain , quite another to have it bite you in the ass . That is one cold and nasty bitch . Clearly , she knows where the little girl is . I imagine she and the doctor both knew , but there was a difference of opinion on what to do about it . That is one cold and nasty bitch . MARY : That 's exactly right , General . I made a call to my guy . He 'll be here as soon as the papers are ready . Probably be tomorrow . Then we 'll get you out of here , get you out of the country clean . What is it ? There was this ... there was this message on my machine at home ... from Chet Wakeman , one of the hotshots on the project , the guy who came after you in Seattle . Right . Right . He said he wanted to help us . Then he got cut off . Probably just some sort of bluff , get us to move too quickly . Yeah , probably . Can you get your guy to hurry with the papers ? I already made that call . - This way , Miss Crawford . - Are these really necessary ? For the authorities to feel comfortable handing you over , yeah , they are . Sit down . It disgusts me to have to deal with you . I want that on the table . I understand that . When we 're through all this , I 'm gonna see to it that you 're held accountable for what you 've done . So let 's get to it , then . You knew where the little girl was , and you chose not to tell me . You wanted to keep her for yourself . I thought I 'd use her to re-establish my power base . What changed your mind ? Dr Wakeman . You 've been monitoring the reports from the Northwest , the lights ? Yeah . So far , that 's all they 've been , just some sightings of lights . He thought that this was it , they 're coming for Allie . Why don 't they just take her , then ? Because , at the moment , they don 't know where she is . She 's with one of them , the one from the gas station . Maybe he 's the one who turned her signal off . Maybe he 's protecting her . Why would he be doin ' that ? Remorse ? I came after Allie in a gas station . She escaped with the help of that alien . Allie didn 't do a thing . It sounds like she didn 't have to . No . No . She 's down , General . She 's spent . Suppose I 'm right . Suppose they don 't know where she is . Then , for the moment , they can 't protect her . For the moment . So you want to get to her before they do . I want to finish what we started . After everything you 've done . You know what the stakes are , General . He was going to warn her . Warn her ? You 're gonna have to work with me . You want to take these off ? MARY : Tom Clarke 's mother 's house , Lubbock , Texas . This is what we didn 't want you to know . You 've taken this away from me before , and it blew up in your face . When this is over , you can have me arrested , do whatever you think you need to do , but for the moment , you need someone who understands what it is you might be up against . You need me . GENERAL : I want this quick and quiet . Get our people out of Fort Ash and down to Texas . ALLIE : They will be coming soon . coming to try to stop what was going to happen next . But maybe they could be stopped . Maybe something could happen that would make it hard for them to do what they wanted to do . - How is she ? - The same . - You think they 're coming ? - It 's just a matter of time . Well , there 's no point in running unless we have a place to run to . Something like this , the government can only do because nobody 's watching . - That 's what you always said . - Yeah . I have an idea . How far do you have to go to make a phone call ? Who are you going to call , Charlie ? I 'm not going to call anybody . You are . JEFFRIES : I 've never been inside a UFO , never met one of these creatures , and yet I believe with all my heart that this is real . Why ? Because I do not believe that hundreds of thousands of people could tell the same lie . If this next caller 's who I think it is , folks , we 're in for a real treat . " Tom Clarke back again , " it says here on my screen . To what do we owe the pleasure ? Did you find something in Idaho ? Talk to me , and I 'll talk to you . It 's about that little girl the army 's been looking for . We been gettin lots of calls about her . The people who have been calling are telling the truth . I know this little girl . I was hoping your listeners could help us out . I believe we have a lot to talk about , Tom , but I have to pay my bills first , so if you 'd just hang on ... you still there , Tom ? I 'm here . Listen , Tom , we 're off the air now . This little girl ... I 've been getting these really extreme calls out of Seattle . What can you tell me about her ? For starters ... she 's my niece . It 's done . JEFFRIES : I 've got information about this girl you 've heard about on the news , on this program , and , as usual , you 're not gettin ' the whole story . This little girl , she 's a piece of the sky , my friends . Have you been taken ? Well , so has she . Have you had experiences beyond human comprehension ? Same 's true of Allie . This little girl. my friends. she may hold the key to an understanding of all that you 've gone through . The government believes it . That 's why Allie 's not safe because they 're not going to rest till they have her in their hands where they can look at her . try to figure out what this is all about . That 's why she needs your help . They can do what they do because they can do it in secret . They don 't have to stand in the light of day . If you 're on the road tonight , turn your car toward the state of Texas . If you 're in bed , get up and get dressed because they 're not gonna be able to touch her if there are witnesses . The government must be on the road already . but we have to get out there first to save this little girl . So many of you call me , e-mail me , write to me , and you 're starving for an answer . You want to know why you were taken , what this has all been about . We 're gonna save one child. my friends . and. in doing so . we may just learn that answer . Tom , Lisa , you should come see this . Their target is a little girl . Her name is Allie . She 's the focus of our government and of a race of aliens that have been visiting this planet since the late 1 940s . FEMALE REPORTER : This is the girl in question . While the government has offered a reward for information that may help them to find her . army officials deny any connection between their search for the girl and reports of troop movements from Fort Ash . Mr Jeffries. do you believe that this troop movement is related to the government search for the girl ? We have come here to Texas to see this little girl and to understand what 's been going on for all these years . Super-secret missions , government conspiracies involving UFOs and aliens ? It may all be a bit hard to swallow , but Jeffries is not alone in his belief . Tom ? Tom Clarke ? Thanks for comin ' , Bill . This is really something . I guess people really do listen to the radio at 4.00 in the morning . How 's your niece ? One of these people happened to be a doctor . She 's in there with her right now . Good . This might be a little beyond my medical capabilities . Can she travel ? Look , I 'm a multiple abductees myself . I 've been taken repeatedly since I was seven , but I ... I still don 't even really know what we 're dealing with here . This might be something better suited to their medicine than to ours . No ! No way in hell is she going anywhere near them . We 'll--we 'll find a way to help her here . Okay ... okay . I 'll leave you folks alone with your little girl . You try to be strong for your kid , you know ? " I 'm your mum . I can take care of everything . I can keep you safe . " But really , you know , there 's nothing you can do . You can 't keep them safe from anything at all . Hey ... you 've done a lot . We 're gonna be all right . Tom 's got it all set up for us . His friend brings out the papers , and we disappear into the sunset . I spent my childhood disappearing . I 'm pretty good at it . ( knocking ) - Nina . - Hi . Oh , my God ! I can 't believe you 're really here . Denny heard about it on the radio . God , is she all right ? No , she 's not all right at all , Nina . It was a series of miracles , that 's what it was . The things that happened , what they did to us , it was just a series of miracles , and the things that she can do- - there 's a kindness to her power , an intention to do good . I was really angry . I still am , I guess . But what we saw , and what she did- - I 'm with these people . After what I did to them , I 'm here with them . They were able to forgive me . That 's because of her . This is as close as we can get without getting the attention of the crowd . We 'll treat this like a riot situation , have the guards go in first , get the crowd out of there . Still , you gotta admire the move . We 're tryin ' to fly under the radar , and they put up a wall of people between us and the little girl . She must really mean a lot to those folks . Goin ' through these lengths . We 'll move in tonight . COMPUTER : Video message waiting ... Hey. there. toots . I programmed this file to send if I didn 't delete it in 24 hours . I guess I didn 't delete it . which I guess means ... you deleted me . I kinda saw that one comin ' . You must be headed in for the final wing ding about now . God . I wish I could be there . There 's something I wanted to share with you . We 're all so desperate for meaning. aren 't we ? All of us . You. too . Mary ... even if you think you 're not . You want answers . and in that way . I think the aliens are gonna disappoint you . Here 's the stone truth of it . They 're still asking the same questions we are . No one is God here . We 're all in the same boat . That was our life together . wasn 't it ? We asked questions . I used to love the way you ... I used to love the way you 'd get that faraway look in your eye whenever you were working ' something out . We could have been happy . Mary . I really believe that ... If only you 'd just let it go . That 's another question for them. isn 't it ? What is it that makes us so screwed up ? Why do we do the things we do ? Well. maybe ... they can create something better than the sum of its parts . Allie belongs with them . We 're not ready for the knowledge they have . It would destroy us . Look at me . Guess in the end . I turned out to be something of a humanist . You 're shakin ' your head. right ? See ? You do love me . What brought you here ? As soon as I heard what was happening with the little girl , I--I knew I had to be here . - How long do you think you 'll stay ? - As long as it takes . - And you ? - We all feel it . I don 't know if any of us could tell you exactly why , but we all knew we had to be here . It 's kind of hard to explain if you haven 't been taken , but ... we all knew we had to be here . The girl , Allie , is inside this house . Some say she 's resting , others say she 's dying . The question we haven 't been able to answer yet is what does she mean to this group of abductees , people who believe they 've been taken ? TOM : I really appreciate you doing this for me . No problem . Good luck , Tom . This is all of it- - passports , visas . We have a car waiting for you in the woods . An old back road leads all the way to Highway 1 77 . Dale and I took it this morning . It leads all the way past the army . We came out on the other side . They weren 't any the wiser . You ready ? ( horn honking ) We went to the sporting goods store and cleared out the hunting section . If anyone tries to hurt our little girl , they 're gonna have to come through us first . I don 't want you to do that . Allie ? MAN : Tom , could I talk to her ? Just for a moment . No . Please go back to your cars ! Bill , please help me get these people ... Folks , please ... Uh ... uh ... she 's not ready to talk to us yet . She 's just not ready . - You all right ? - I 'm fine . Listen , we 're gonna get out of here . We 're going someplace where none of this matters , okay ? Everything 's ready . We gotta go . No , not now . I want to talk to them . Hi . I know you 're all scared , and you don 't have to be scared anymore . Honey ... honey ... you don 't have to do this . All you have to be is my little girl . The rest of it , it doesn 't have to happen . You don 't have to do anything . They 're scared . They need something . You don 't have to be the one to give it to them . I think maybe I do . You have something in your heads . It lets them know where you are . I can shut them off . When they shut off , they 'll fall out . Don 't be scared . ALLIE : They won 't come for you anymore . They won 't be able to find you . No one 's going to take you . It doesn 't seem right to , uh , interfere with us the way they did . Maybe not to us , but if we saw this from someplace else , it was just time for this to happen . WOMAN : For what to happen ? Me . Listen to me ! All of you ! All of you , listen to me ! They 're not gonna do anything ! There 's too many of us here ! Do you want to help ? Stay in front of the porch ! Go to the mayor now . Get me the wireless unit . MAN : Attention ! This area is under federal control ! Please make yourselves available for immediate relocation to a debriefing area . Your vehicles and personal belongings ... You don 't listen to that ! It 's a lie ! You stay right here ! Stay right in front of the porch ! Right here ! Stay in front of Allie . Stay right here . Stay in front of Allie . We 're stronger together ! Stay in front of the porch . Just so you know , a lot of us are armed and willing to give our lives to protect Allie or take some if we have to . Get out of here now . Put your plan into action . We 'll do what has to be done . CHARLIE : Thanks . They 're here in force , come out of the night to put the monster back in the box . We better get back inside . No ... Allie ... Are they gonna come for you now ? John left that up to me . Do you think if we 'd been regular people , Charlie would have lived with us , and we could have been a family ? I know that would have happened . I don 't want to go . I want to stay here with you . Then stay ! We 've got a plan . We can get out of here right now ! It 'll be okay . Give the command . Troops ... advance ! WOMAN : Here they come . After a little girl , ladies and gentlemen ! MAN : Please disperse immediately ! If you do not disperse . you will be in violation of Federal Ordinance 860 ... endangering of public welfare ... ( gasps ) Oh , Allie . Allie , please , please don 't . Please . You heard Dale . If I stay here , people will kill each other . I don 't want that to happen because of me . Then we 'll go away . We have a plan . Where could we go ? This would all just happen again . Allie , Allie , listen to me . I am not gonna let that happen . We 're gonna get Charlie , and we 're gonna get out of here . We 'll figure out a way . There 's nothing we can do . We 're a family now . We can try . We were always a family . ( yelling and screaming ) General . I didn 't ask for this ! I want to be a little girl ! I just want to be a little girl ! ( gasps ) They 're really coming this time aren 't they ? Charlie ... I 'm glad you turned out to be my dad . I love you . I love you , too , Daddy . I have to go . No . No , I can 't . I can 't , I can 't . I won 't let you . I won 't let you go . You ... you said this was all meant to be . And I meant all of it . - This part , too . - I can 't stand this . I have to go . And I said I wouldn 't ever let you go . I love you , honey every day and twice on Sundays . I love you , too , Mama . Is she makin ' this all up ? Is this just another screen ? This is no screen , General . This is real . Can you stop them ? Can you stop them ? ! Please ! You gotta do something . This is my family . That 's my daughter ! We can 't . Allie belongs with them ... her and the knowledge of how they did all this . I 'm sorry . - That , too . - No . This is a record of everything . Even if we lose the little girl , at least we 'll still have this . Sooner or later , we 'll know what they know . Exactly . You 're the one who was gonna see this through to the end . I did . Sir ! Let her see the rest of this . She deserves that much . ALLIE : I don 't know what will happen next . I don 't know what I 'm going to be . what I 'm going to learn . but what I do know is this- - life. all life . is about asking questions . not about knowing answers . It is wanting to see what 's over the next hill that keeps us all going . We have to keep asking questions . wanting to understand . Even when we know we 'll never find the answers . we have to keep on asking the questions . Excuse me . Did you know the little girl or her family personally ? No , I didn 't . I just came to see what the deal was . Sir , shall we pick up the mother and father ? The mother and father ? You 're talkin ' about the little girl 's parents ? Yes , sir , her parents . They must have slipped away in all the excitement . I don 't see them anywhere . Neither do I , sir . Shall I tell the JTF guys to head back to Fort Bliss ? I don 't see why not , Captain . There 's nothin ' for us here . Thought you might want this . She did all right , Lis . She took the other one with her . She took the other star . She 's gonna be back , Charlie . She really is . She 's gonna be back . ALLIE : My mother always talked to me a lot about the sky . She liked to watch the clouds in the day and the stars at night . Especially the stars . We would play a game sometimes . a game called " What 's beyond the sky ? " We would imagine darkness or a blinding light or something else that we didn 't know how to name . But. of course . that was just a game . There 's nothing beyond the sky . The sky just is . and it goes on and on . and we play all of our games beneath it . # . Just before it gets dark # . # . When the light still hangs in the sky # . # . The day 's not quite come # . # . All its promises still in your own eyes # . # . Between the time your mother calls # . # . And the time you put the ball away # . # . There 's a lifetime to be lived # . # . And a world where every dream is here to stay # . # . Just before the night comes # . # . And you run back to the safety of your world # . # . Just before it gets dark # . # . You can believe in every story ever told # . # . In those last precious moments # . # . There 's a beauty no one wants to give away # . # . Well , nothin ' lasts forever # . # . But those moments keep forever far away # . # . Just before it gets dark # . # . Before you grow old # . # . Before you 're too old to pretend # . # . Just before it gets dark # . # . And you know your dreams will not come back again # . # . Hold on # . # . Hold on tight # . # . And I promise you , baby # . # . It 'll all be all right # . # . I promise you , baby # . # . It 'll all be all right # . ( Subtitle Revised by HchC )
