 [ Voice-over ] Ladies and gentlemen , the president of the Republic of the Philippines Our soldiers have confiscated these immoral and subversive books and have burnt them immediately . Along with those paintings of worthless and irresponsible painters . We will burn all of these works . There 's also a lot of " evil " and destructive films that has been confiscated and will be dumped in due time . We urge the Filipino citizens to be more vigilant . You , ... are the best watchdog . We cannot allow such lonely elements to destroy the gains of the new Philippines . [ TV Reporter ] You can see Coach Administer Adan Calumba , who 've started the cleaning and as we can see , is also the one who 's tearing up the pages of the books . After watching this footage , ... the minister commended the Ministry of Culture and the Armed Forces for their good work . Their vigilance . He said , " the real heroes are those who have decency of spirit . " By the way , Minister Calumba told us , ... there will be more burning or dumping of these decadent works . [ Voice-over ] Here , our fellow countrymen , is a part of an interview made by the Foreign Correspondent , Kristina Karlov to the dictator . Ms. Karlov has been missing for three months . It was an insider from The Malacañang who have given Radyo Aklas this tape . " The interview took place last October 11 , at the Dictator 's Office " , said the insider . The day that Kristina Karlov was declared missing . Now , let 's listen to it ... [ Karlov ] Are you planning to hold an election soon ? [ President ] No , I don 't think we need that now . When will you restore civilian rule , then ? I have no intention of relinquishing my position . The Filipinos need me . I have a covenant with the Filipino people . That is a commitment . I will not abandon them . They need me . What happens to your country 's democratic traditions ? We have the best democracy now . The people are very contented . They trust the institutions , ... they trust my leadership . When will you re-issue permits for the operations of other television and radio stations ? [ President ] Soon [ Karlov ] When ? I cannot determine that now . As I 've said the cultural arm of the government is very much ... . ... in the process of , uhm evaluating the validity of giving permits to new networks . But sir , I understand , these are not new networks . They 've been operating for decades before you took-over . They are undergoing evaluations , Ms. Karlov . The process is quite delicate . We have to protect the interest of the masses . You see , the owners of these networks are the old , decadent , rich sector of the Philippine society . [ President ] And the religious sector ... [ Karlov ] There have been reports of mass arrest . Next question please . Benjamin Tejero ; painter , national artist , has been missing [ President ] I did not know that . [ Karlov ] He is one of the strongest voices against your leadership . Last month , the body of novelist , Gregorio Tugon , was found floating ... I am ending this session Ms. Karlov , thank you . Get that crazy woman out here . Yes , sir . [ Screen Text ] The Philippines has been under Military Junta headed by General Cyrus Racellos . The nation is under Martial Law . The Junta has been in control of the only TV station , radio network , and newspaper publication . The threats on the Junta 's stability by Col. Benjamin Castor 's Brown Army has been going strong . And there is still an on-going revolution by the People 's Liberation Army and Muslim sessionists . [ Miguel ] How are you ? [ Hesus ] I 'm fine . [ Miguel ] I would like to congratulate you and your cell . This would be short . But before I say what I have to say I would ask you to stay calm . Promise me , you will . No emotions . We will just use our brains . Hesus kill all your cellmates . [ Hesus ] What ? ! [ Miguel ] You heard me . You 're not deaf . [ Hesus ] Why 's that ... [ Miguel ] There 's a worm among them . And we 're not sure who . Your cellmates are now too intelligent and good . [ Hesus ] But , it would not be rightful if all of them ... [ Miguel ] Hesus , that 's an order . But , why me ? 'Cause , you know them better . They are like my brothers , you know ? ! No emotions . Assemble them in a meeting at our safehouse in Tanay . Leave the bodies . We 'll take care of them . But , can I , at least , have some moment to know who among them ... There 's no time , Hesus . The Committee has made up their mind . There 's a need for a sacrifice . 15 of our leaders have been destroyed a lot of us has been caught the Mindanao Committee has been destabilized . In Visayas , a lot of them are surrendering . The Movement will be destroyed . I will know who among them . I 'm telling you : we 're running out of time . There are worms around . We 're in wide-range cleaning . Be strong , Hesus . These times are great tests to our revolution . Don 't look down ; look at me . Do it quick . Hey , it 's already 8 : 30 I thought our meeting would be at 7 : 30 ? Let 's wait for Old Miguel . The Junta is planning to finally hold national elections next year . Actually , it 's just a show . For sure , it would be their men who will win . And Gen. Racellos would remain as the nation 's President . It 'd still be Martial Law . Is it true that Col. Castor 's group will stage a coup ? And they have high supports from the church and the business sector ? Well , the threat is always there , but they can 't . Racellos ' monitoring system is too heavy . In fact , in a couple of weeks they might get Col. Castor caught . And identify his inside men . There 'll be a big crack-down . Even with the businessmen and political leaders who supports Castor . Even church leaders . There 's a lot of activities , guys . Good for us . What really is our agenda for tonight 's meet ? It seems like , Miguel would not come ... It 's Hesus who have called us here . It 's not me , it 's Miguel , he just told me to organize it . How 's life in the squatter 's ? Hesus is now used being with our poor citizens . The Poor Boy Warrior from Bicol will inherit the Kingdom . The Poor Boy Warrior is number 3 in the Junta 's wanted list . In the whole country . That would make this cell really special . It 's really superior . Do you know that , the Mindanao Committee has been paralyzed ? Worms ... Will Miguel really come , Hesus ? If not , this would be his first ruined attendance . The organizer is late ? The teacher is absent ? Why is that so ? Will somebody please try and call him up ? I still have work tomorrow . Are we fighting a revolution here or what ? Just stay cool , Lucia . Lucia 's really impatient . Sorry . It 's just disorienting that it 's Miguel who 's late . When in fact , he 's the one who is strict in those matters . Don 't worry , he 'll come . What 's the plan , Hesus ? Will there be an ambush ? How 's labor organizing , Lucia ? We have a hit ? It 's hard , of course , especially when those Junta dogs are watching . No labor organizing ; no strikes . [ Hesus ] I don 't know with Miguel . In five months , we 're gonna paralyze that Facist company . Five months ? Cool ! You really are my hero , Lucia . * chuckles * Fool . Hey ! I 've heard that ! I 'll put you in jail , Lucia . You 'll never get me alive , Lt. Cordero . How stupid of you to believe in my stories . How could I organize , if I could nearly lose my head . As you know , they have spies even in those farmers . She 's got a point . You know , ... I love this safehouse . This is where we 're formed . " Miguel Reynante 's Finest Cell . " That 's right . The Movement 's Finest Cell . We are the future of the revolution ! Are you alright ? Hesus ... . why ? [ Miguel ] Hesus ... [ Hesus ] Mang Miguel ! [ Miguel ] What happened ? [ Hesus ] It is done ... [ Miguel ] Haven 't I told you not to call me ? ! [ Hesus ] I 've been shot ! [ Miguel ] You should leave immediately . [ Miguel ] They would kill anyone that they would find alive in there . [ Hesus ] Why is that ? ! Why haven 't you told me earlier ? [ Miguel ] Don 't ask ! Just leave . Go directly to Dr. Subido . Or call him and tell him where you 'll stay so he could come . Go on ! Hesus ! He must live . Sir , I can 't assure that to you until he wakes up . He must live , Doctor , Lieutenant . I 'll try my best , sir . How 's your wound ? It 's fine now , sir Lieutenant , when will he wake up ? It 's been three weeks already . I don 't know , sir . It might be later tomorrow , or next month . Will he ever wake up ? There 's a greatt chance , sir . Brain 's not been damaged . I will help you wake him up . I know that kid 's history . Revolution and music are his interests . Poetry is his passion . [ The Jerks ] A poem for a poet a land on fire . There 's a song of freedom and there 's a warrior . A suffering mother and is drowning in tears . A child is a hope waiting for the morning . [ Radio Voice-over ] This is your Auntie Sarah ... Our next letter is from JM of Iloilo . Dear Auntie Sarah ... I 'm sure you 've already noticed that I 'm an Ilonggo because of my address ... Actually , it 's my bestfriend 's address , not mine . I 'm just playing safe auntie , for my situation 's sort of dangerous . I hope you understand ... Anyway , Auntie Sarah ... My story have started when I met this girl ... that I would like to hide in the name of " Chicken Fox . " She 's a daughter of a Haciendero ... I 'll read your poem ... Listen . " In the memory of my Country " . December 30 , 2009 Cabatuhan , Camarines Sur . My morning has been kissed Unexpected touch of dews from December 's first rain . The owl 's have been captivated and disturbed . In a lonesome tree at the back of our old hut . Blinded by the light , and flapped it 's left wing to the remaining pillars that has been aged because of inhibition . The owl 's suddenly fell and ran out of breath through the sharp grass blades in the backyards of my innocence . There was where my mother sung to me her tireless lullabies before she 's been occupied of the uncertainties of her dark " Sarong Banggi " ' s . And here , I 've waited for my father 's graceful calls . Dawns when he 's been at the promises of our ricefields . He will get down from the back of our old Carabao . Then , he 'll throw me , let me fly then catch me to his arms . And then he 'll say , " How 's my Child ? Here 's some ripe Guavas . " Then , he 'll touch the cheeks of my mother 's smiling face . Then , he 'll take off his sweat-smelling , and sunburnt shirt and then he 'll say , " Crush some tomatoes , ... put some bagoong and six pieces of chili . " Before he was drowned of injustice . In the dinner ... in our wooden floor , Camote leaves was always served grilled eggplants , and boiled saba . Inatsarang papaya ... spicy laing , and grilled catfish . The half of the fish is for me that if lucky enough , I could dip it into the red ketsup . Even more , ... I could dip it into the creamy Liberty Evap . I want to understand what are the worries of the departed owl . Does it know the story of the land where it died ? Have it witnessed the daily struggle of the people who 've lived here before ? Have it counted the tears of my father when ... my mother was beaten by sickness ? Can it answer the questions of a child who is wondering about his mother 's departure ? Can the owl prove me wrong when I 'd say that , poverty is the root of my mother 's sickness and of other mothers ? Would it disapprove if I 'll put into discourse all of the roots of the poverty in my country ? Would it complain if I would shout the sickness of my country ? I was woke up by the chuckles of the children playing with slingshot they 've ran suddenly after I got up .. The angry rain has stopped . The sun 's rays are burning ... .. that hits my shoulders . The owl is now gone ... from his resting place . The cries of the babies .. ... are the only sound that slices the silence . I can 't sit and rest again at the muddy soil the way I did when I was a child . A grass leaf sliced through my cheeks . The heat of the rush of blood is bursting . Like imprisoned souls ... Like forgotten memories ... As the cries gets louder it retains to my memory I could hear a laugh ... And so are a lullaby . Welcome to the world Hesus . I am Col. Arnold Simon . You are in a military safehouse . Get well soon ... We have a lot to discuss . There 's a lot that you need to tell me . And I also have a lot to tell you . Hilda . Based on our worm 's report ... You 're one of the best Brave , sharp-shooter , dedicated ... I salute you , child . We 've been informed that lately , you 've been involved to that cell which made the biggest ambushes and assassinations . And , you own the big hits . Gen. Picache , Cong . Jamora . And Nelson Chua , the drug-lord . The Billonaire Luisito Perfecto and Lt. Parol . That duel 's classic . I know Lt. Parol ... One of the great-ones we had . One of the great warriors . Yet , you 've beaten him ... wow . Until now , people still talk about your fight at Cubao . Legendary . I talked to one of the survivors he said that he saw completely your battle there at the Araneta Colleseum . " Fearless " . Thats what describes you . The best combat ever . But , did you know ... that in the whole military establishment , they know that I am better than Lt. Parol . In anyways ... Even in brains or in combat ... That son-of-a-bitch is overrated . Taking boasting aside ... Well ... now I know your background . Now I know where does your courage and intelligence came from . You 're a farmer 's son scholar , ... orphaned . Musician poet , revolutionary . An extraordinary warrior . Well I need to give you an update ... You 're comrades are still in search for you , I just don 't know if they would like to save you or kill you . We 've searched over Prof. Montez ' car . Then , left it on the street . Based on our investigations ... The bullet that killed all the victims of the Tanay Massacre was from a single gun ... and that came from ... your gun . Prof. Montez ... Lt. Cordero . And the labor leader , Lucia Sarmiento . And the businessman , Eddie Tevez , were all members of your cell . Miguel Reynante is your head-organizer , right ? You killed them ... And the other four victims outside the cell . ... right ? You killed them ! - [ Hesus ] I never killed anyone - [ Col. Simon ] You were alone ! You killed them , then you collapsed . Based on your rules , if something like that happened , only two things might be done : kill you , or hide you You left your cellphone and your gun . Kid I know what 's happening in the movement . In your movement . You kill each other off because of those worms that we 've planted . The movement 's gone , kid . There 's no revolution . There 's no revolution . But I know that you know what 's happening in our military establishments : we too kill each other off . Thanks to Col. Castor 's Fucking Brown Army . There 's anarchy and chaos , there 's no order . There 's no order in this country . Chaos will explode . What we call " Filipino Apocalypse " is coming . People will die there will be displacements , a lot will lose their minds . This republic is being destructed piece by piece . We need to move ... The only thing we could do ... is to strengthen the position of President Racellos . It must be done immediately . We need time ... There 'll be coup d 'etat , kid . Join us . I 'll make you an agent . I 'll give protection to all of your relatives . You 're still very young . Use your intelligence . If you use your brain you 'll survive this hell . I 'll become big in the military ... I 'll get to the top . Promise , I 'll take you there ... I 'll take care of you . As if you have other choice . I can kill you now if I want to . You 're life is in my hands , kid . I can do to you anything I want . And no one will know . Except torture . That 's not my style . I salute you . That 's why I 'll gamble on you Because I respect you . Let 's work together . We will go places . I Promise . Fuck you ! [ Guards ] From where we 've been the other night ... - ... there 's none . - On your table again - And ... there . - But ... it 's been a long time since . - Yeah , we 're short again in cash . - Hey ! There they are ! Right , c 'mon . - I never thought that these 3 were together . - Oh ! That guy 's here ! - Ferdie ! Hey ! - You 're fine ? Cigarette . Here , here . We got plenty of them . - Here Dude ! - Hey , can you lend me some money ? - Got nothing too . You know how our lives do , right ? [ Indistinct conversations ] What 's that ? ! Make sure that they 're all dead . Yes sir ! This is my gamble . This is what I call : Col. Simon Gambit . I 'll let you go . No talks . But remember : you owe me your life twice . First , was when we 're at the hospital .. You were dead , but I resurrected you . The second was here . You were dead , I resurrected you again Let 's just say , that you owe me ... But when the time comes that you 'd forget ... I 'll say to you , that I 'll come to collect your debts . But it is not important at all ... The important thing here : you 've come to know me . I 'd like to say to you , Hesus ... I also love this country . The redemption of the people is also my aim . We have one goal . We just embrace different ideologies . Move fast ! That 's the car ... Here 's the key ... This is my contact number ... memorize it . Remember : you are only talking to me . There 's a gun , clothing and money underneath the passenger 's seat . Take it later on when you 've gotten far from here . You 'll be on the news again tomorrow , Hesus . " You 've killed 10 soldiers in this mansion . " You 'll be even more of a legend , kid . You 're smart you know what 's right for you . Go on , Hesus . Go ! You 're ID , please . I have none . Get out of the vehicle and go in the line there . [ Singing Lupang Hinirang ] Very good ! You are a good citizen , dude ! - [ Man ] Thank you sir . - Very good ! Ok , now , enough about talking , just sing ! ♪ Bayang magilyo ♪ What magilyo ? ! It 's magiliw ! Sing it ! Magiliw ! ... magilyo . Again ! Are you making a fool on me ? ! I 'm sorry sir I really don 't know how to pronounce . Really ? All right , then magilyo , it is ! Sing ! ♪ Bayang magilyo ... ♪ ♪ perlatch ng chilanganan ♪ ♪ Alab ng pucho ♪ What 's this " perlas ng chilanganan " ? What " pucho " ? ! Are you making fun of the National Anthem ? ! I am not sir ! This is really how I pronounce ! Fool ! Go ! Drag him ! Next ! - Good evening . - [ Lady ] A good evening to you , sir . Why didn 't you bring your ID ? Sir , I forgot my ID because my husband and I are in a hurry . We 've rushed our kid in the hospital . - Got any notice from the town hall ? - I also have none . - Not also ? ! - I have none , sir ... - I 'm very sorry sir . - You are so irresponsible You know that there 's a curfew . The ID 's a requirement . And that permit from the town hall ! Sir , I have here a note from the hospital ... I don 't ask for that . I 'm really sorry sir . All right , then sing the National Anthem . Sir , I don 't know how to sing . Lady , we 'll bring you to the camp , if that 's the case . You 'll be in jail . Then , you 'll sweep the roads and government offices . And it 'll be broadcast over the tv . What now ? ♪ Bayang Magiliw ... ♪ Perlas ng silanganan ... ♪ Alab ng lahi ... What " Alab ng lahi " ? ! Its " Alab ng puso " ! again ! Sing ! ♪ Bayang Magiliw ... ♪ Perlas ng silangan ... What 's the matter with you , huh ? ! What 's the matter with you ! What kind of Filipino are you ? ! You don 't even know the National Anthem ? ! Bring this to the camp ! - Your ID , please - Here Let 's go ! I 'll just take a look on this , ok ? Ladies and Gentlemen , the President of the Republic of the Philippines . My fellow countrymen ... A liberating day to all . I 'd like to announce the success of our office 's campaign against the criminals , the Brown Army . Their last forces are now in the hands of the government . Col. Simon has also killed Col. Gastor , the bandit ... .. during their last confrontation . Last August 8 , at Santa Mesa . The only obstacle that 's left on our ultimate progress ... is the sure fall of the forces of the People 's Liberation Front . Most of the Mindanao Committee has already surrendered . Meanwhile ... we 've also captured the members - most of the members ... of the Luzon and Visayas committee . And , in no time we 'll capture them all . Which includes the bandit , Hesus Mariano . Good morning to all . Add some more ... - It 's fine . - Add some more ! The hut 's burning , Hilda . Come on ! Hurry up ! Hello , Mang Miguel Hesus , I 've been waiting for your call ... - [ Hesus ] Didn 't you know that I 'd nearly got killed at the base last night ? ! - [ Miguel ] You 've encountered them ? They also attacked me at the hotel ! Were you hit ? Nothing serious . How are you ? Hesus , let 's meet . I 'll be the one to tell where and when ! Don 't you trust me ? You 're getting wise , Hesus . Ok , it 's your call . We really need to talk . I 'll wait for your call . Is Tacio there ? Wait here ... Tacio ! Someone 's looking for you ! Hey Dude ! My Man ! Come here .. Here 's my new studio . Ain 't it cool ? You 're still good . You never stop . Why would I stop ? I don 't need to . Here 's my new works . New medium , new form . More fearless . Got some new rhymes ? No time to do some . Time ... There is always time , especially for someone like you ! Dude , you 're book 's now a classic . Like Noli Me Tangere , and the nation is waiting for your El Filibusterismo . You know , I feel like a false . Why ? I 've killed my comrades at the cell . So the rumor 's true . Yes . [ The Jerks ] History 's just repeating itself . The world 's just spinning round in the darkness . Here . Dude ... Can I borrow a lighter ? Sleep now my child , Daddy 's sleepy . Sleep now . Sleep now . Here ... Sleep now my baby . You 're not allowed in here . Let 's go to the bridge . - You would never get rich if there 's some bad luck in your life - You said so Just look at me ... I never changed . - Can I buy some shampoo ? - How many ? - Hey ! It 's growing moss now ! - Ok , I 'll drink it . My wife talks too much ... - saying that I always drink . - Now taste this one . Give it to him . - Is Berto in his house ? - [ Hesus ] Thanks . I don 't know why I can 't catch up with that person . You know why ? Because when his wife tells him to go home ? He will . But us , we 're not like that even when our wives shouted at us . We are the man , right ? We should be the one to command ! We 're the one 's who work . They always talk and talk ... Even if they nag all night , we would still be in power . Gives importance to the future . Hard-working . Nationalistic . God-fearing . The progress is in the Filipino . The new age is within the Filipino . You are the New Filipino . You can do it ! I now officially end the training session of this cell-group . You are now in-lined with the other cells of the revolution . You are now Warriors of the Nation . Lucia Sarmiento ; Labor Organizing . Carlo Montez , you 'll be a professor . Eddie Tevez ; business sector . Delfin Cordero ; the military establishment . Hesus Mariano ; you 'll reside together with the urban-poor . I have high hopes to this cell . Congratulations . Long live ! If you are listening Pedring , here 's Auntie Sara 's advice . Dear Pedring , I know that it is hard to be away I understand how you feel . It 's true when you said that there 's a lot of sacrifices in your decision . And it is sad that even your relationship with Jena has to end . What ever might happen ... don 't lose hope . Let time heal the wounds . Never forget to ask God for strength . And remember , I 'll always be here . your Auntie Sarah ... of Radyo Maharlika , the nation 's radio . My dear friends ... that 's the letter from Pedring ... of Ilocos , he is now based in Morocco . I feel heavy . What happened to Pedring is sad , isn 't it ? Anyway , the show must go on . Hesus ! You 're making me proud , Hesus ! The poor is following you quietly and blindly . If all the kadres are like you , the revolution 's dream will come true . You 're a hero of the new age . What 's the committee 's verdict , Mang Miguel ? Do you know that , at this moment , Col. Castor 's Brown Army is attacking Malacañan and other key places in the country ? We will join the war . The Brown Army and the People 's Liberation Front has a tactical alliance . Here comes the rock ' n roll , Hesus ! What 's the committee 's verdict , Mang Miguel ? ! Well , I 'll be honest with you . Death , Without any investigations or trials ? ! I 've been telling you , these times are different . The time 's damned ! The Movement is being divided ! - That 's because it 's wrong to kill a lot of comrades ! - It 's difficult to judge when it 's all currently happening . Only time will tell . Hesus , if you 'll survive this stage ; one day , you 'll look back and you 'll know that this is one of the realities of the revolution . Events repeat it self . You know that this has happened during the 90 's . During the last millenium ... you know that this has happened at 1898 . The revolutions eat their own children . You know that , right ? Hesus ? You 're a historian ! Why do we have to do it again ? Who will stop the world from spinning ? You ? Me ? The revolution has no face . We may know what we are fighting for but we don 't know what will be it 's shape . Here we go again : the student and the teacher . I know that you are ready to give an argument , Hesus . I don 't want to because you 've already judged me . Hesus , there 's been a lot of debates about you . I 've wrestled with the committee . I 've defended you . I 've been defeated . Their premise is simple : damage control . How will you go against that kind of logic ? All of them know that Col. Simon sheltered you . He , who made the biggest casualty to the Movement . He also planted a lot of worms . The dreaded Col. Simon Gambit . You think , I 'm one of Col. Simon 's worms ? How could I if I 've defended you ? Then , you 're tasked to pass the judgment on me . You can do that to me ? Just like what I 've said to you the country 's always more important . But I 'll give you a chance to live . When we part from here ... Hide somewhere and disappear . Whether you 'll join those who doesn 't believe at our strategy or hide at Col. Simon 's , I 'll get you . And Col. Castor will not accept you . He 's too honest . He never accepts anybody like you . Go now , Hesus ! Forget about the revolution . You are not a part of it now . And if you have a better vision for the country just get some distance for now , or you 'll be put to waste . You bastard ! No emotions ! Don 't you have disillusions , you 're still young . Be like Crisostomo Ibarra ... one day , be back as Simoun when I and the Committee is not around . But set aside your emotions . Simoun was beaten by his emotions . Tomorrow , I 'll be the new hero ... Miguel Reynante : legendary journalist ... professor ... poet ... turned revolutionary ... dead . A true ... hero of the masses . This country is looking for a true ... a true hero , Hesus ! I 'll make sure that you won 't be remembered as a hero . And at the Movement 's correction you 'll be remembered as a worm . Do you know why they can 't catch me ? Because they don 't know where I stay . Those juntas ? ! Because there 's no worm in my comrades . And I am the worm now ? ! How many loyal and great kadres have you commanded to kill ? ! You 're wrong ! That 's not true ! And you 've also ordered the murder at the squatters ' . That 's not true ! What I know that it is Col. Simon 's orders because he knows you 're there ! No emotions ! You and Col. Simon shares the same face ! FUCK YOU HESUS ! From the Associated Press : Researhers are optimistic . " A vaccine for HIV-AIDS will be available within the next ten years . But it 's unlikely to be fully effective against all strains of the virus . " A US health expert said , Wednesday . Carla Johnson ... - associate director ... - My Fellow Countrymen ! We interrupt this newscast for an important news . Here 's the video of the Sta . Mesa Encounter aftermath last August 8 , where Col. Castor , Brown Army 's leader have died . And this footage proves it . Also died from the encounter are members of the Brown Army 's Central Consul Lt. Celso Menor , Lt. Pedro Mastura , Sgt. Miguel Tara , and Sgt. Zosimo Paras . Let 's see it . Here .. This evening he 'll be at Stick . An exclusive bar for juntas . Beware of the guards . If in case you got inside , just sit quietly in a corner wait for a lady with a red bag . The gun 's there . Col. Simon will be at the 2nd floor , Cubicle 5 . There 's only one guard upstairs . Lets go . Good Luck Hesus ! - Good evening , Ma 'am ! - Good Evening ! What do you want , sir ? Just give me a beer . Hi . He 's with 6 club girls at cubicle 5 . Fire ! Fire ! - Are you Ok sir ? - Yes I 'm Ok . Fuck it ! This place is burning down , and you never told us ? ! Don 't you know me ? ! I 'll close down this club ! Don 't you have any fire alarm ? ! Col. Simon ! Hesus , Col. Castor ? Hesus Mariano ? Thank you ! Thank you very much . Don 't ever lose that hope for this country , Hilda ? Hilda , come on . Let 's get inside . Hesus ? I know now why she feels that way ... How are you ? Still the same . Hilda 's waiting for you everyday . I saw you on TV , and you 're always at the newspaper . If you could allow us , we need to go now , I 'll bring Hilda with me . - Where would you take her ? - We 'll go somewhere far from here . We 'll send you a letter when we got there . All right then ... I 'll just pack her clothes . Just make it quick . Hesus . I could see now ... " In the memory of my Country " . December 30 , 2009 Cabatuhan , Camarines Sur . My morning has been kissed Unexpected touch of dews from December 's first rain . The owl 's have been captivated and disturbed . In a lonesome tree at the back of our old hut . Blinded by the light , and flapped it 's left wing to the remaining pillars that has been aged because of inhibition . The owl 's suddenly fell and ran out of breath through the sharp grass blades in the backyards of my innocence . There was where my mother sung to me her tireless lullabies before she 's been occupied of the uncertainties of her dark " Sarong Banggi " ' s . And here , I 've waited for my father 's graceful calls . Those afternoons when he 's been at the promises of our ricefields . He will get down from the back of our old Carabao . Then , he 'll throw me , let me fly then catch me to his arms . And then he 'll say , " How 's my Child ? " Then , he 'll take off his sweat-smelling , and sunburnt shirt and then he 'll say , " Crush some tomatoes , put some bagoong and six pieces of chili . " Before he was drowned to injustice . In the dinner , in our wooden floor , Camote leaves was always served grilled eggplants , and boiled saba , Inatsarang papaya ... spicy laing , and grilled catfish . The half of the fish is for me that if I 'm lucky enough , I could dip it into the red ketsup . Even more , I could dip it into the creamy Liberty Evap . I want to understand what are the worries of the departed owl . Does it know the story of the land where it died ? Have it witnessed the daily struggle of the people who 've lived here before ? Has it counted the tears of my father when ... my mother was beaten by sickness ? Can it answer the questions of a child who is wondering about his mother 's departure ? Can the owl prove me wrong when I 'd say that , poverty is the root of my mother 's sickness and of any other mothers ? Would it disapprove if I 'll put into discourse all of the roots of the poverty in my country ? Would it complain if I would shout the sickness of my country ? I was woke up by the chuckles of the children playing with slingshot they 've ran suddenly after I got up .. The angry rain has stopped . The sun 's rays are burning as they hit my shoulders . The owl is now gone from his resting place . The cries of the babies are the only sound that slices the silence . I can 't sit and rest again at the muddy soil the way I did when I was a child . A grass leaf sliced through my cheeks . The heat of the rush of blood is bursting . Like imprisoned souls ... Like forgotten memories ... As the cries gets louder it retains to my memory I could hear a laugh ... And so a lullaby .
