 The following stony is based on events which occurred in 1997 and 1998 Most details of Project Hidden Lines remain classified - ls someone in there ? - Let me have a look I don 't see any movement . I think she 's dead - It 's hard to tell - You got the crowbar ? Liza It 's okay . It 's okay I 'm Grant You 're in a shelter called Transitions . You 're safe here You 're still not hearing me . I am Grant You 're not reading my lips either Well , however you got this way , I 'm going to find out soon enough New . ! New . ! New . ! She 's got severe hearing damage Symptoms suggest acute tinnitus Would you like this ? A cop friend said the shooting left her almost completely deaf and with tinnitus I had no idea the condition at its worse could stop you from even functioning She said the condition started to taper off around the time we found her Here she comes Liza , this is Doctor Keller Mr. Porter , we cannot move forward These rats are the only survivors And look at their psychotic behavior Within days they all become like this Overreacting at even the slightest sound You brought me here all the way from Washington Because I wanted you to see how this auto sight infusion is not working Let 's figure the rats I 've been funding this thing for 2 years Look I have already explained to you that N.l.H. guidelines require my partner and I Doctor , the sign of a great scientist is the willingness to take risks - When prudent - When do the human trials begin ? Would you explain to me why your scientific projects liaison division is so interested in my little private hearing restoration study ? Doctor , help me help you Even I have to justify a budget You 've got 10 weeks Keep up the good work , Doctor Hsieh I 'm sorry . This is new - Hey , Cam I understand that after handing laxatives to a stuffed up resident the other night you made the comment may the force be with you You keep talking about having a sense of humor about this place Within reason We don 't want some county official on our ass There 's someone you can learn from Yeah , she has come a long way in 3 months - It 's thanks to you - Don 't give me any credit When her tinnitus went away , she pretty much healed herself Yeah , under the guidance of your touch - Naughty , naughty - I see the way you look at her That 's it . Looks The days of me crossing the line with some resident are over There are plenty of jobs If you don 't speak directly at this , I can 't hear you There are plenty of jobs Things you haven 't thought of I was a secretary , would you hire a deaf secretary ? If I was deaf The doctor who gave you the hearing aid . He sent it a few days ago - Why didn 't you tell me ? - It 's an experimental treatment It 's never been tested on humans You 've only had the hearing aid for a few weeks The doc said it could sometimes take a while for it to work right This half in half out and ... - I can 't stand it anymore - It 's better than the unknown I want my hearing back - Hot dog - Hot , hot dog - Sail boat - Sail boat Toothbrush Sunshine Sunshine Children Children Chocolate Chocolate I feel obliged to tell you that you do have other options The rats you talked about ? They didn 't die ? No , that was very successful The treatment , can you explain to me how that works ? - Genetically engineered cells are put ... - I 'm sorry ? I 'm sorry . Genetically engineered cells are put into a solution and then they are injected through an I.V. The cells find their way to your inner ear and up to the cochlea When you lost your hearing , billions of cells here were damaged Our infusion cells should replace these damaged cells and ... Hopefully , in a couple of days you 'll be able to hear again Okay Thank you - Doctor ? - We 're hoping for the best , Mr. Porter We 've recruited all 15 subjects The first 6 patients got their hearing back Good . You took a risk , now it 's paying off Some complain of loud sounds and can 't sleep But , maybe that 's just nerves - What day is she on ? - Five Getaway ! - I have to get out ! - You 're all right You 're going to be all right . Let me help you Li ... Li ... Liz ... Li , Li ... Liza Doctor Warnerby , please dial extension 3-3-2 Doctor Warnerby , please dial extension 3-3-2 Doctor Kenner ... Doctor John Kenner , please dial 3-3-7 - It 's gonna be all right. let me help - Getaway ... Getaway I 'm gonna help you , doctor ... Doctor Kramer . I 'm hearing everything Tell me that this doesn 't go away Oh ! That 's wonderful Listen . We 're having a little problem right now I 'll be right back Okay Donald ! Wait ! No ! - Don 't panic - The rats were never quite right but your friend , Mr. Porter You were just as willing to move forward as I was - You make sense of this mess ! - Alright Their hearing range is definitely expanded It 's just that the extreme volume keeps them from sleeping 72 hours without sleep would make anybody psychotic - This is a disaster - Patient 14 is sleeping normally - What day is she on again ? - Five - Patients 13 and 15 ? - They 're just mildly psychotic Let 's see how patient 14 is doing - Are they releasing you yet ? - No . You can come in - But you hear me like normal ? - Yes , I can hear you , Grant - This is great news - 0k . I 'll talk to you later Keep me posted ok ? I got to run Well this is wonderful It is just what we talked about . You 're feeling okay ? Forgive me for asking a technical question But , what 's the quality of the sounds you 're hearing ? My social worker , he ... He sounded squeaky Nothing else unusual ? That high-pitched whistle ? Another issue is cropped up We would like to move you Can I take a walk outside first ? I 'd like to get some fresh air You know I don 't think that 's a good idea I think it 's fine if we are not here when you return , you 'll find us in Audiology where we did the audio tests ? Alright A few months ago I thought I would never be normal again and ... I ... Thank You - We 'll see you up in Audiology - 0k I wonder what she looks like naked . You have to get your mind off sex Stop it ! Don 't take this boy from me I wish he was never born knowing he might die so soon It 's terrible to think it but I can see what that woman in Texas might have been thinking when she drowned her babies in their tub They should have pop corn at the doctor 's office He sees you 're wearing it , he 'll get upset Make on like everything 's fine The treatment might work And she knows it ... I got to put more money in the meter I don 't want to see her deteriorating like that ... if he comes out of this operation well If he believes he 's a man trapped in a woman 's body If she doesn 't get out of my face , I swear I 'm going to ... She 's talking to that lady ... Rudy , from the bay The tests don 't make sense Every patient is hearing sounds far beyond normal with hyper acoustic sensitivity The rats heard things way too loud , just like the humans now Why can 't any of them sleep ? Sounds keeping them awake Hsieh thinks he can play the innocent He knows damned well he pussy-footed around the F.D.A. Kramer and his ambitions - Liza - We change that quickly ... Patient 14 What 's happening ? Don 't panic . It could be a momentary effect Doubtful Get to talking about what she 's experiencing What are you hearing now ? Don 't make her more anxious Anxiety could trigger a chemical reaction that would make her psychotic She 's our last hope Voices coming from both of you - Bizarre - Every patient ... - Everywhere - Do they sound louder or normal ? I don 't know The voices are fainter like whispering to themselves - Whispering ? - Don 't make sense That would mean schizophrenia , like we 've seen in the others - When do you hear these voices ? - Maybe not schizophrenic - When you or ... - This is strange the doctor , or ... Most of the rats died after they reacted to strange things other people aren 't talking Patient 14 won 't panic if she thinks she 's clueless If you step into the booth , we 'll run some tests I warned Kramer the psychosis result in rats would probably occur in human subjects Porter better back me up If I get called before Congress , the first finger I got to point is at him The voices just stopped - Can you still hear me ? - Just like if you were standing right here One beep Four She 's hearing frequencies ten times beyond the normal human range - No return of those strange voices ? - No - Can I come out ? - That 's not a good idea for the moment At least in the booth you 're all right You 're feeling okay otherwise ? No headaches or fever ? No . Nothing Quiet , don 't open your mouth ! I can think for myself . Leave me in peace ! There 's a woman If I sent her a thought , would she answer me ? Hello ? My name is Emily . I 'm Patient number 13 Did they give you the infusion ? Have you been able to sleep ? Liza ? Yes , yes Come here . Their infusion poisoned me The doctors locked me in here They say I talk to things that aren 't there Make the nurses your guinea pigs ! - The sound 's getting louder ! - Someone 's coming - Miss Raines ? - Open this ! - She is by 13 's room - Miss Raines Open m . - I was in the supply room - Would you be my friend Liza ? - Come , let 's go back to the booth , alright ? - Help me - Come on , come on - I just wanted water - Let me get you water - I ... That woman - Open ! Open ! Open ! - The doctors ordered ... not to leave the booth . Now , come on let 's go Watch it , she might have a weapon under her robe , like Patient 9 - I don 't have a weapon - Help Why 's that now ? That girl is reading my mind Look . Let 's go on back to the booth , right ? You 'll be fine there What this treatment 's done to these people 13 of 15 dead in two weeks 5 stabbing themselves , 2 suffocated , 3 hanging in the bathroom Sound so loud they 're screaming , they won 't sleep I 'll soon come with the water , alright ? You know , the water there 's so nasty I 'll bring you some good stuff , alright ? Patient 8 knocked out her guard Made her way to the interstate and was killed by an oncoming car Patient 10 somehow was able to electrocute himself Patient 13 is wandering the halls and ... You got the tranquilizer ? - Liar ! I can hear you ! - Emily ! Now you 're telling yourself something about Robby , your son Coming from your head ! Oh No ! Emily please don 't Hsieh 's son is named Robby That 's what impressed you ? There 's no way she could have known his son 's name She had no access to this private information She was a patient This exceeds even my expectations We have 12 dead by their own hands If this leaks out You said one was making progress Why the anomaly ? Why her ? I don 't know . These are the first human subjects - There 's no precedent for this - Why her ? Because she hears sounds normally Not frighteningly loud like the rest of them - Why ? - What do you want me to tell you ? Drugs work different on different people Luck ? Show me this wild card Hello , Liza . How are you feeling ? I 'd be better if you could answer some questions Well ... Sure . That 's what I 'm here for Most of the other patients are dead , aren 't they ? - Shall I ask that question again ? - No These voices I 'm suddenly hearing the second I step outside the booth Why this doorway acts as some kind of threshold I don 't understand that yet These voices Dr. , they are not imaginary - Well how do you know that ? - I left the booth last night Because I was thirsty And I ran into another patient And the night nurse came and with both of them there I realized that the voices coming from their heads are ... they sound like them when they talk There is a connection I think I need to be alone with the patient It 's not like I 'm reading minds , it 's more hearing them like there 's a live broadcast coming from their head all the time You know that actually just doesn 't sound plausible What is she doing ? She 's staring right at my forehead She appears to be testing me . She 's testing me - You 're thinking " she 's testing me " - Is she getting impressions ? - She couldn 't be reading me word for word - Yes , I 'm reading you word for word - She 's psychic - I am not psychic . Dr. we can keep this up ! Unless she 's hearing the brain 's electromagnetic activity - I 'm not the scientist . You are - She 's tracking my thoughts If we publish this finding , it could save my career That 's what 's important to you ? - She 's hearing everything ! - Your reputation ? Dr. I put my trust in you when I signed those forms What you 're saying doesn 't make any sense The other patients are dead , aren 't they ? How does she know that ? The staff signed confidentiality I don 't care what they signed . I heard them thinking - This is unbelievable . This can 't be real - I heard you ! I heard doctor Hsieh ! You don 't want me too anxious because it could trigger some chemical reaction that would make me crazy like the other patients or like ... If she heard that , God knows what else she 's intercepted - The rats ! - Shit ! The rats ! When could she have found out ? Yesterday I heard you thinking When I interviewed her , I bet she asked about the rats You saw all this happen with the rats I 'm going to have legal troubles over this for years You lied to me Doctor Hsieh even warned you I 'm going to ask you to please get back into the booth I 'd better start her on the booster pills before she contacts anyone - What booster pills ? - The freakish side effects I 'm going to ask you to please get back into the booth ! How come the infusion has led us to this nightmare ? Could it be that the other patients heard about this too ? They also knew things they shouldn 't have ? The booster pills ... The booster pills they 're ... They are to make sure that there 's no rejection of the cell line You 're gonna have to take them for 6 months or so - They weren 't listed in the contract - Yes but the side effects were Side effects ? 13 of 15 people are dead Look . What you have experienced is nothing like what they have experienced - Now that is significant - Then , can you explain to me ? How it is that I am hearing people 's thoughts ? It 's an electromagnetic signal I don 't know . Somehow your inner ear has become a receptor I just don 't know If that 's the way it 's going to be , I have put in my 2 weeks I 'm going home to the shelter No , look , we have to monitor you We have tests to run Is this condition permanent ? I don 't know Crack and horns have messed up your life ... I wonder If I was in a deserted island with everybody from work , who would I sleep with first ? Got to stop thinking about what I 'll do after I 'm dead You dump money in the Lakers , you dump money in the Nicks You 're going to get yourself in serious ... I don 't understand why was the booth blocking the mind waves ? Look , these mind waves , as you like to refer to them can go through wood , glass , concrete , but not metal - And the connection being ? - The audio booth is framed in metal I 'm reclassifying this study to limited access There were no survivors I 'll supply the documents for the cover stony That means Liza died too You can 't do that . Liza 's invaluable to us You want to be a success as much as I do , don 't you ? Follow my lead , doctor In your field or mine , politics isn 't about what people know It 's about what they think they know If the trustee 's expecting me to put in more hours and take a pay cut They can hire someone really incompetent That guy on the board showing up with his mistress yesterday Maybe I should tell his wife I 've seen her check me out No , don 't put your hand down her cleavage - Oh , shit ! Liza . The treatment - Hi Well , hello She 's talking to me like she hears me She got released . Why didn 't she call ? I should have called to let you know that I was released It 's like she was never deaf This is amazing ! You actually hear normally ? I could live forever in those eyes Woa-woa , penis boy , down to half mast Get your mind off sex You cross the line with a resident , you get your ass fired - Side effects ? - No - That sounds too good to be true - It sounds too good to be true , but ... That 's weird . I was just thinking that I wonder what I sound like to her I figured that you would have a deep voice You 're kidding ? That 's sexy Stop it . It 's not going to happen Well , it 's a good thing you didn 't listen to me It 's a miracle that treatment worked Oh , a call Transitions , Cost reports Damn , where 'd I put them ? Yeah , they just came in Worthless as they are Oh , Liza ... I have to put her in bed Yeah ... She seems to know what I 'm talking about It 's the same dorm room . I didn 't move her stuff A new lab is being set up to your specifications Here 's the cover file Don 't ask for the original back So , how much metal ? 2 pieces of metal about the size of quarters Placed near the temple lobe That should cut out the reception Hearing range ? She should be able to hear mind voices within , maybe , 30 feet About Dr. Hsieh , I secured a position for him in Los Alamos He left with his family this morning This project 's your brainchild anyway But I go in front of the I.R.B. board tomorrow Should they be concerned ? This is Patient number 14 , the last one who died ? Yes - Good God ! - 12 years I 've known you I say , sure , come here for the trials Sounds like the breakthrough you 've been talking about Years in the making Now I see you broke protocol - Didn 't wait for F.D.A. approval - The F.D.A. doesn 't need approval - Doctor , it was improper ! - These events were highly likely - We didn 't expect these adverse results - You didn 't expect these results - This institute is liable for your actions - You 've handed us a publicity nightmare Where 's Hsieh ? He 's , he 's on a retreat Get him out of his retreat by the time our attorneys contact you Right It 's getting near to bed and I 'm going to get that stack of intakes done if it kills me Now this chump comes waltzing in For once I 'd like to get through something without being pulled away by something stupid - Can I help you , sir ? - I 'm here to see Miss Raines , about a job There was a sign outside about visitors signing in I must have missed it when I came in . My apologies He 's hiding something I 'm Liza 's case worker , Grant Kane I see Scientific Projects Liaison Division ? - Department Of Defense ? - That 's correct I understand the circumstances that brought her here were less than pleasant What 's he digging for ? That information is confidential Did Doctor Kramer tell you where to find me ? As a matter of fact , he did The Department of Defense coming here ? It 's nice to see you again Liza The way he 's looking at her , I wonder if this is really business If I 'm not going to cross the line with her , he sure isn 't You two must want to talk He must have found her through the clinic where she did the treatment We have a conference room It 's your job to facilitate If anything is weird , I 'm sure I 'll hear about it later Now let 's see , it 'll be great to finish off those intern files Doctor Kramer reports no worrisome changes in your condition since you left last week He 's working on new cell lines ... improved cell lines And he discovered why the sound booth acted as a barrier For the same reason you can 't hear me Consider these earrings and honor us to help you cope with your ability Made of an experimental alloy created in another government project I supervise This alloy was in the booth 's framing I had a different set custom-made for me So you and I can converse like in normal life Here we go Is she 's intercepting , has to be hearing my ... Can you hear me now ? Can you hear me now ? Better than most cell phone reception , I 'll bet Without a control like this , your day life might continue to be overwhelming We 'll only know if the earrings work , Liza if you try them all the way Doctor Kramer insisted They block the signal Trust us I wonder how she 's copped with this thing since she left the clinic She doesn 't look stressed That shows fortitude , a quality you always find in a good asset It works Good Again , come on Assets have got to be open to taking risks Good girl Yes . I can 't believe it . Incredible Reactions at C.l.A. , the Pentagon I have to pitch this right away , to protect us You came here about a job ? Could we agree that what is said in this room remains confidential ? My office 's mandate is to identify scientific projects which may have national security applications Government officials often face situations where innocent people are at risk Information that only you might gather could save lives or break unsolved cases or protect this country against those who wish to harm it - You 're talking about being some sort of ... - Public servant Oh ! I offer merely an opportunity Your health comes first Don 't forget , plenty of water - How did it go ? - It 's better than looking at the classifieds - Those a job enticement ? - Maybe His office funds medical research and they 'll help me find a place to live I think you 'd be thrilled I will expect to hear from you Duty calls Your upcoming trials may produce more of these , so called , mind hearers That is the goal , sir Though Miss Raines could be ready for a few works in 6 weeks This woman is an ordinary civilian ! With no intelligence training whatsoever The success of this mission depends entirely upon her I 'd appreciate your trust , General I did nurture this project How do you know she can handle the pressure of undercover work ? She 's bright She figured out her own mess If I had been part of your little recruitment session I had told this woman straight up The U.S. Government gave you back your hearing along with this unique ability You owe us and you 're going to repay that debt Look . When I was overseas , the soft sell always worked better when recruiting assets Mr. Porter , I can give a rat 's ass about your C.l.A. protocols As long as you work for me , you 're going to do things my way First you get her trained And when you make your pitch to the Pentagon next month I want your presentation to be informative , provocative and fraught with promise You sell it ! Otherwise I 'll never get the additional funding I need to complete this operation It 's your house to do as you wish Please I could even arrange for you to purchase it Should you decide to remain in government service I 've provided some things to give you a head start I trust I wasn 't acting out of turn Termites This house has termites That 'll be taken care of Please ! There 's also a strange tone to the electrical wiring in the house In 1992 , the C.l.A. joined forces with the Office of lnterforce Intelligence Here at the Pentagon to create the Scientific Projects Liaison Division Project Hidden Lines is our latest breakthrough Patient 14 's hyper-hearing abilities have applications for the military and U.S. law enforcement which can be put to use immediately She can penetrate the only place no camera or microphone will ever go The human mind Talk about stealth , ladies and gentlemen Imagine an operative who 'll be in and out Without the target even suspecting she was there Please Dug up his file He blew a C.l.A. station 3 years ago The Agency asked 0.l.F.l. to take him as a lateral assignment running this division The Agency felt he needed to decompress He sure is out of the bunker now My contact at the Agency says he can be a concern when things get hot Seems this woman 's a real deal Good thing we control the purse strings Not those Chardonnay sipping faggots at Langley It 's not a question to me if you did it The question is where and how many girls , Ronny ? Now you fill in the missing pieces of the puzzle I call my friend the Federal Prosecutor And you get less time on a lesser charge So , what 's it going to be , Ronny ? Tell me , sefior , where did your people grease their way across the border ? You got to my case because you 're lonely and I know we 've got forbidden love This pinche maricon thinks that I 'm in love with him The only men I love is my father , my brothers and my son Come on with the love and I lead you to all those dead girls Wasn 't each one a little adventure ? Probably wore gloves at the killing scenes Where are those bodies ? The little bodies are all in the same place . A lover 's bouquet Careful , she 's listening - I did it so ... - I wonder if she 's real - Not fake like these other psychics - You 'd pay attention to me You and me , my little brown monkey That 's what her boss said , word for word Behind uncle Nathan 's cabin , facing lovely 0'Neil 's Pond An orchid 's over the remains of each one of those little darlings If we were somewhere else , I 'd break his pinche neck I hope we were helpful Yeah , you were I 've been in this case for 2 years Dead end after dead end Terrific , If you need our services again , you know my number Thank you - Did you get what you needed ? - Yes , I did He ' ! - I like the ascent of F.B.l. pussy - Come on - You can 't take me to jail ! - Fuck you ! Pinche puto ! A rougher first day than I anticipated Let me make it up to you over a little supper Mr. Porter , it 's been 6 weeks since I left the shelter How thoughtless of me . You 're still adjusting And I will be for quite some time Very interesting In both subjects the band 67 kilo daltons show an over expression of the gene , I wonder why ? Unless the bacterial strain caused the mutation We haven 't tried the 49 A strain , have we yet ? I see we 're on the same wavelength Look , why don 't you finish this and I 'll proceed with the transfection All right , doctor Doctor ? Progress ? Progress doesn 't happen on a time schedule Look . I realize that you are in a rush But your ambition and the reality of my work are rapidly diverging vectors What is it you need ? More staff ? More staffs not going to make me any more efficient I need the time to analyze the data Lest I remind you of the convulsions that killed the marines during our last trial Humes and 0.l.F.l. expect you to test new cell lines 2 and 3 by the end of this month I 'm not going to start any new trial until I have analyzed the data ! They are military volunteers from our NATO allies I don 't care where they came from ! They are professionals . They know the risks They are people , with families Families like during Liza 's trial Who were calling me up in my office , leaving messages And threatening to go to their Congressmen - until I tell them what is going on - You ought to ignore those calls You are now an employee of the Department of Defense This country is fighting a war on terrorism We need assets like Liza to gather information no matter what the cost ! You 're using her You 're concerned about her welfare ? Have you told her the infusion you gave her may have altered her reproductive cells ? What do you think that 'll mean for her kids , Doctor ? These new trials will happen I 'm not going to be a casualty of more missed opportunities If losing dad last year meant anything It means you have to take advantage of the moment Like Gail last year , even Liza Was either situation perfect ? The greatest things that ever happened to you were when you took the greatest risk You 're 35 , it 's time to let the right woman come into your life These chairs will be a nice addition to the lobby Having a rough day ? Hi Hey . What a pleasant surprise to see you - So , to what do I owe this honor ? - I was on my way home from work - Well , how 's that going ? - It 's fine I guess it 's not too soon to ask you for a donation then , huh ? - So you 're heading home ? - Yeah - My shift 's over . It 'd be my pleasure - Okay . Okay - Have you eaten ? - Next on the schedule I got involved once with an ex-resident . It got complicated I 'll call you She 's better than a psychic This isn 't vague impressions , it 's direct stream of consciousness We are Federal , yes But we are more than happy to work local operations like yours I set the agenda . We can come to you Half an hour He 's raising the interest rate half a point Sean ? Dump my Milton stock just a hunch about interest rates I don 't see how this benefits what we 're doing Asking too many questions always makes the client uneasy Assignments come , we gather what 's required - Is that all for today ? - No . There 's more The kid is holding 10 students hostage Told us the building is wired with bombs They need to know where - Tell us what 's going on in that kid 's mind ? - I 'll do my best - Your best ? - You 'll see I talked to him into letting civilian bring in some food I can work from here Ma 'am , our only view is through the crack on that door We need to know who 's where and how that kid 's armed - Does this kid have a name ? - Jason - And if he panics ? - Our team will be right in there Are you going to step up to the plate here or what ? - Please ... Please - I 'm under a lot of pressure right now - I got ... - Chief of Police . Please , excuse us ! Here 's your chance to make a difference Someone with a gun changed your life over a year ago Why don 't you let me know beforehand the next time you decide to put my life on the line ? What 's it going to be ? I know he 's going to kill us just to get even When I saw that book about making explosives in his knapsack I knew I should have told someone They diss me . I 'll pick them off like Mr. Kirby Two bullets and that jerk was gone Wasn 't that good ? The voices come and go in his head I knew when I saw him in class I 'm going to be more famous than those Columbine kids I 'll be on TV . , you name it I You re a C0D , aren 't you ? ! I told them not to send in a cop ! - Jason - You should try something else I work with the district school board Chill out ! I 'm starting to hear voices again ! Why couldn 't they tell the cops how to spell my name right ? She 'll see . I can read fine . I 'm not dyslexic . Stupid cops It 's not Layson . It 's Jason They think I don 't know how to read . I know how to read ! Someone 's going to treat me right or I don 't know ... more people will die Chill out - You 're gonna be cool ? - Yes Good . She seems alright The cops out there are wound up tight , you know - You know - Like rubber stretched to the friggin ' max ! Split the joke in the eye . I told them no talking Don 't fuck with me ! - Keep your mouth shut - Don 't you know it 's enough , Jason ? Don 't act scared ... Jason , safe now ? Don 't chicken out You 're going to be bigger than those Columbine Kids , I know it Voice , stop calling me now . I 'm under too much pressure - So what , you 're sick - Jason , stop Would you like to eat something ? - You pick me something - Jason ! No ! - Not now ! - 0k You have to blow this place But you have to kill those voices and the lights He ) ' hey ... Shut up ! All you do is diss me , like my dad What are you talking about ? You done good Wiring those bombs in the rafters in the science building and under the boys ' locker room ? They 'll never find them there Yeah , I guess . She 's being so cool What 's your name ? - Liza - Now she 's pretty I wish that there were teachers like her - Things are kind of tensed , huh ? - Why did I have to do this on my own ? I wish they 'd bring mom She might make this easier Would you like it if I have them bring your mom in ? No ! She wouldn 't ... she wouldn 't come I can get your morn to come No , she won 't . She 's lying . She 's a cop You missed it You 've been a screw up ever since kindergarten They 're going to keep you back a grade again I don 't want to hurt anyone . I didn 't ! - You really didn 't - I believe you Does she really ? She 's so nice - She 's lying - Shut up ! Shut the fuck up ! Goddamn these voices in my fuckin ' head ! They want me to stop ? They want me to stop ? I can stop . I can stop . You understand ? I can ! I 'm going to get your mom No , don 't leave me alone right now I won 't Maybe if you tell them I only deal with her maybe she can come back She 'll come back , won 't she ? I 'll be right back What did she say ? Goddamn , these voices ! Turn on some music Sometimes that keeps them away Someone 's up to something Damn lights are getting brighter . They 're killing my eyes Of course they are Those bad voices are hiding in them Shoot out the lights or the cops will shoot you ... there - Oh , my God ! - I just want to go home Don 't ! He 's shooting at the lights ! ... The bombs they found were set to go off in an hour . You 've saved lives Not his ! - That kid would have been - Could have been saved ! - You 're not a psychologist - I was making a connection to him - He might 've turned on you at any moment - No ! - How do you know that ? - You were not there You were not in there . How dare you talk to me like you were in there ? ! He was complicated , this is true but I got to him , I was getting to him You think everything evolves around you ? Oh great ! You sound like you 're talking about yourself Things in life were conspiring against this boy - That was not your problem - I will decide what my problems are You want to be effective in this work ? You put a cap on your feelings The word about you is spreading - Our options are expanding - The hell with your options Somebody has to be out there gathering intel It 's our best short circuit against disaster Screw your intelligence You 're upset . You go home and we start fresh tomorrow You do not own me ! This technology represents a quantum leap in espionage It gives us a leg up on the Chinese , the North Koreans Hell even those Al Quaeda sons of bitches ! Yes , sir , I realize the Secretary of Defense is a busy man If you could just fit us into his schedule Yes , sir , I can hold You asked for an update on Doctor Hsieh Thursday after next ? That 's terrific , sir Thank you , sir By the way , while you were on the line , the Security Office called Mr. Porter ordered surveillance on Miss Raines The time stamp It 's 9 : 34 a.m. , July 12 Los Alamos , New Mexico , National Lab number 6 Why are we taping this ? Porter said if he gets grilled He wants to say he saw it with his own eyes Can I help you gentlemen ? Yes doctor , Mr. Porter sent us for the protocol detail He wanted this filmed ? Yes , he wanted a visual record of the work you 're doing here ls the cleaning crew coming ? How did we come by this ? I conducted a sweep of Mr. Porter 's private files at S.P.L.D. Goddamned , irresponsible , free-wheeling son of a bitch ! That 's the reason C.l.A. don 't use irresponsible asshole nuts The man has no regard for chain of command I can make regular sweeps in occurrence , sir Do that I want his computer monitored I want his files duplicated , and , most importantly I want samples of every new cell line that comes out of that lab This material is way loo valuable to be entrusted solely to one man - Got one - Grant ! Bet I know what she 's really hiding wearing these things After that treatment there 's a new G spot Besides there she erupts like a volcano This is great ! My God , this is hot as molten lava Like I 'm back at high school , the endless boner What 's so funny ? What ? Please , give that back to me Time I showed her why the sisters be calling me Mr. White Chocolate I really like her mamma muchkies not loo big , not loo small Oh man , I 'd like to get some head right now I wonder if she 'll give it up without me having to drop the hint And she 'll find out how good lam at giving back the breakfast of champions What is it ? God , she turns me on She 's great It 's so much better with a woman you care about Those earrings do look sexy on her If anyone pulls anything with Liza and they think they don 't have to worry about me Won 't they be surprised ? Like that jerk I put in the hospital a few years back when he pinched my girlfriend I still have that creepy feeling that Liza 's psychic and afraid to tell me She 's more than on my wave length But sometimes she reads my thoughts like telex There 's something about her work for the government that just doesn 't add up Internal Ops , this is Captain Moran , aide to General Johnston Humes Pentagon , extension 8929 The General requests that you send an 8.0. to the S.P.L.D. lab An appropriate scientific technology The vials are marked cell line two , three And the most important , cell line four This directive is not to be shared with the Director of S.P.L.D. , Aiden Porter I still think that bombing 2 terminals at the airport 's too much How many people are you going to kill to make your point ? Everything 's going to be fine Our crew will be here in a minute All you got to do is give them access and get them approve this baggage handlers and then you can leave this goddamned country ! What the hell 's has it ever done for you ? You 're saying she can 't be trusted I 'm saying the sooner we improve the infusion and create another asset Which may take forever Miss Raines is playing the game now , but for how long ? The way she threatened you after the shooting at that high school clearly her respect for authority is limited We can 't base this program on someone like that This lethal version you were telling me about the one that affects the brain and the nervous system simultaneously ? Cell line four , we are close on that Yeah , but , the one to create more mind hearers , that 's the good one In the meantime This talented asset of yours , Miss Raines - I have her under control - You better This is not some sleepy third-world C.l.A. station you 're running here A drug like this could transform the very nature of intelligence gathering - F.B.l. get down - For that reason I am taking this to the highest levels in Pentagon and to the White House Your findings here better be rock solid If it was up to me , I 'd have these seditious motherfuckers shot Come in I 've told you about General Johnston Humes - Yes , hello . How do you do ? - What do you need , doctor ? The beaker with the improved cell line is missing - Did you check with your staff ? - Of course I checked with my staff Have you searched every inch of the lab ? Yes . And I tried to call doctor Hsieh in Los Alamos , and he 's not listed A pharmaceutical company called him from overseas about an opening I said fine I should have told you . Sony That 'll be all , doctor - You better keep an eye on that doctor - Both eyes , sir Keep Miss Raines under tight surveillance too S343 . She 's in What are you doing ? Wow . You keep looking that good , you can be a menace to public order You turned the wilted ﬂower into a rose Buy one , get one free See what living on a social worker 's salary does to you ? Where were you before when I needed a clever man ? Oh ! ... You want to see clever ? 6 months . That 's a milestone for me These are lovely . Thank you There 's that look again Every time she touches her ears Always around those earrings like it 's her scarlet letter I bet it 's a side effect of that treatment Her ears over-sensitive to the touch , like when we made love Well , it 's not like you tell her everything Don 't call her on it , it 'll spoil the moment Do they hurt or something ? The earrings did something to her No Strange Are you alright ? I mean that look on your face , Liza ! - Where 'd you get these ? - Why ? Do you know what they 're made of ? They told me silver . What 's the big deal ? Don 't you like them ? Yes . I think they 're beautiful Your ears are sensitive , aren 't they ? Ever since you got back from the clinic Always putting on and taking off your earrings ? Maybe they are a little sensitive but it 's ... It 's nothing to be worried about Your job causes too much stress , Liza My job isn 't what I thought it would be The violent reaction of the pa ... The patients and their treatment The government officials that we deal with who treat me like a thing providing a service And we move from project to project so quickly that ... I don 't really get to know anyone For argument 's sake , just for argument 's sake Let 's say there was something out there more rewarding - Does this kid have a name ? - Jason I can stop , you understand ? I can ! I didn 't want to hurt anyone ! Teaching I live with a man who makes a difference every day he goes to work And I 'd like to say the same about my job I 'm getting the feeling you 're avoiding me , Mr. Porter I need to talk to you about the trials you 've been conducting with military personnel My question is where are the bodies being stored ? I understand you found a place within your facility at S.P.L.D. I want nothing done with those bodies until after we have generated the necessary paperwork , is that clear ? And , by the way the Secretary of Defense has no need to know anything about this Certainly not prior to the upcoming meeting I got your message , General It 's been handled Good . Now , about this sudden issue with Kramer I just want you to talk to him understand ? Understood , sir You 're finished for the day No . She 's working on an important bacterial strain It 'll be a greater strain if she stays Thank you Your job , like mine , is about significant data , right ? Right I have proof that you 've made phone calls to a news correspondent named Art Harris Look I 'm telling you . I didn 't say anything at all . Really - I didn 't say anything at all - Not according to the wiretap And I quote : This medical research is to give the US Government an edge in the intelligence end game Gentlemen ! No , you misunderstood I 'm no ... no , no . No ! Come on now ! Hey ! Don 't kill him , gentlemen . I need him alive Honey , I 'll be out in a moment What do you say we go out to eat tonight ? - Lab D-113 - Doctor Kramer , please ? He 's not in I 've been trying to get in touch with him for 2 days Yes but he 's been reassigned He 's what ? ! He 's been reassigned . With whom am I speaking please ? He 's gone ? Do you have a security clearance number , please ? - Hello ? - Your timing couldn 't be worse , Mr. Porter An hour ago the doctor escaped from the lab with a weapon And God knows what else he took - It 's impossible , sir - You want details ? Call security ! - But sir ... - Goddammit , this never would 've happened if you 've had simply spoken to Kramer as I told you to Sir , I took the necessary precautions You handle it . I 'm on my way for our meeting with the Secretary of Defense Track him What can I do for you Liza ? I need more pills . It 's affecting me I tried the lab again Why was Dr. Kramer replaced ? We had hoped to present the President with results as ground-breaking as the original trial but the recent cell lines had extremely negative effects Every one of the subjects manifested behavior even more violent than the subjects in the original trials Psychosis within a day Death after three Why wasn 't I in on this cockamamie scheme from its inception ? Sir , we were waiting until we 'd developed something more concrete before bringing it to your attention You were sneaking around the Goddamn Executive Branch with something that could be another Watergate Mr. Secretary , with all due respect there was no intent on our part to attempt at deception This project is developing biological weapons , people A more exact term would be biochemical You know , by the end of this fucking administration I 'm going to be bald from dealing with hair-splitting pricks like you You people think you 're running some kind of fascist dictatorship This country signed a treaty prohibiting us from ever producing biological weapons You want to call them biochemical ? Mr. Secretary , we are working on improving the cell lines In order to provide a higher yield of mind-hearers Exclusively , now , using volunteers drawn from the military This medical technology could , as an added benefit be used to treat troops who have hearing impairments due to ... combat or to training exercises We have every intention of sharing this technology with the appropriate firms within the civilian sector But , there is no plan to use this technology as a military weapon - Sir , the original proposal - is to expand the present budget to 4 times Should the latest stages results prove significant At that time , Mr. Secretary , I will brief the President Do you think the President hired me to be briefed by you ? Yeah , it seemed alright We 'll send a clean up crew to back you up - Has he got company ? - Looks like he 's alone - Got it covered for now ? - Yes Dr. Kramer ? I can 't understand you ! - His people are after me - His tongue 's cut out ! Help me - The sound is so loud ! - You 're safe here . It 's going to be okay This is what my patients heard ? The sounds ... Liza , they put me under guard - His men cut off my ... - Who ? Who ? Aiden gave you the infusion ? They killed Hsieh . I know they killed him . I was next I knocked out my guard I got the files here . Look Take the gun to protect yourself He made me tell the I.R.B. you died He changed the name in your file The girl in the tub , they said it was you , but , who is she ? I should have said no to it all Porter was pushing the science too far Created more cell lines that no one has survived Tell the press . This must stop Cell line four attacks the mind and body ! It eats the brain A nightmare of sound before it kills you It 's in my lab ! - Liza ? - Who 's that ? One of Aiden 's thugs ? Who 's this guy ? Blood on him ? - His tongue 's cut out ? What 's going on ? - Oh my God What the hell is this ? Dennis Kramer What the hell is this ? Liza , tell me what 's going on ? She better come clean Tell me what , what is it ? - A call . Who could this be ? - Hello ? - Her boss ? - I just pulled up in front of your home What do you want ? You are to tell your social worker friend nothing This is a sensitive situation Come out , we 'll talk . I 'll fill you in Liza ? - What ? - I got to go - Wait . Where are you going ? - I can 't - Just stay here ... Just stay here - Liza ? - I 'm asking you to please just stay here ! - Stay here ? I 'm going to take care of this - This is unreal - Alone if she 's in trouble , I 'll be damned if I lake a back seal Last week , a troubled patient in the second trial stabbed Dr. Kramer with the infusion Kramer attacked the guards and escaped That sounds about as true as the stony you told me about the earrings They 're made of metal You lied to me A pair of silver earrings from my boyfriend works just These little tablets are vital How do you think Dr. Kramer got them ? There are plenty of reporters that I can go to Any information about the clinical trials is classified Do you know what that means ? Think twice before you compromise yourself or him We have a packed schedule this week What 's going on ? The Doc ? And suddenly your boss shows up at home ? What are you talking about ? - Talk to me ! - Get out ! Liza ! - This is for your own safety - For my own safety ? Don 't do this - There is a part of the federal government - Oh . We 're on a TV show now The part of the government that answers to no one I am right here , Liza Hello . How are you ? Maybe you see something you like ? Maybe you like these ? Fine quality - What are these made of ? - Oh they 're plastic . Yes . Very good - Plastic ? - Yes . You get 2 pairs 12 dollars She 's buying some jewelry near the subway entrance Good Yes - You like ? - Okay She 's all yours Dead things keep breaking . Shit ! Big government 's willing at least to lake my calls now because I 've become important I have something they want and if they want it The new kid on the block gets invited into the power club But take care of yourself first Put Liza on their Wall Street insider Inject my Swiss account with another sweet chunk I 'll be damned if I retire on a piddly government pension Following the rules set by others always takes forever Power isn 't given , it 's seized And with this project I 've come of age it looks like I might have replacement for this coming group I can finally get rid of Liza Wearing her earrings . Good , good girl Her threat to go to the press was the last straw Our client has one simple question Would you put him ... on our Supreme Court ? Who 's the client ? A pity she turned She 's probably not bad in bed , as long as she 's got those earrings on She 's being good today I wonder why Got to stop this judge I could turn the Supreme Court into a pool of Liberals This country isn 't what it used to be Humes will try and cut you out of this project , you know that Where that slime bastard gets off treating me like his third string bitch I 'll have him saluting me when I slap him with his hush-hush green personnel file hiding in that silver box in my office Yeah , it 's safe there My trump card Hey , sweetie How do you feel about eating out tonight ? How do you feel about telling the truth ? I 'm a woman living in a big city and ... Some nights I walk home from the subway You didn 't need a gun when I found you Living in the back of a car I feel like I 'm the one with a hearing aid Half in , half out , isn 't that how you described it ? Take yourself out of the equation Is that what you want ? I just want for things to be normal Normal ? You know how long normal lasts , Liza ? About that long Haven 't you learned that yet ? Finally I have something ... You You lost everything , now you have something Or am I the only one that feels this way ? I need that gun for now Please don 't ask me why . I have my reasons You need this too ? I found it while repairing the fence in the back It 's a sound bug Are you going to come clean with me Liza ? Just give me some time I 'm working on a way out - Of what ? - I can 't tell you Lose cannon or not ? Getting rid of Miss Raines is out of the question - But sir ... - Sir my ass You terminate the single mind hearer , this program has produced ? We have no replacement ! After all the money we have spent , not to mention 41 deaths Shit ! My career will be in the toilet And yours , Mr. Porter , is circling the drain - General , we have a replacement - You what ? Since when ? I wanted to make sure her condition was stable before informing you She was a satellite specialist with the air force Well then ... However you decide to handle Miss Raines For God 's sake , be professional and be discrete Operations like this were routine at C.l.A. , sir Somehow that does not reassure me , Mr. Porter Your handling of Dr. Kramer was the classic example of FUBAR You know what that means ? Yes , sir . I do We cannot afford another such misstep The Secretary of Defense is about to brief the President Pretty trippy about the Supreme Court Judge nominee , don 't you think ? - I didn 't read the paper today ? - It was on TV at the shelter Cops found kiddie porn in his office Hours later his wife found him hanging in the garage The press was calling him a shoe-in too Too bad you 're not here - Hello - Liza , a job just came up If it wasn 't an important assignment I wouldn 't interrupt your evening at home I 'm at the new lab now Meet me here I 'll give you a new supply of booster pills Then we head up to the new assignment - Should I send the car ? - No . I 'll get there on my own He 's interviewing a new scientist and he wants me to take notes I should be back before midnight That must be her in the elevator What he 's planning is wrong , to kill you , Liza Isn 't that your name ? I 'm your replacement Aiden ? But if he kills you , he might kill me , couldn 't he ? I don 't care about the documents Mr. Porter made me sign I will disobey a bad order He 'll try cell line four on the next group It 's in the lab now , remember him thinking about it ? It kills people instantly To use against enemies in times of war Driving them mad with sound , it 's inhuman He 's near . I hear his blood ﬂow I won 't let him kill you I 'm stuck in this now Aiden ? He 's right here ! I need to keep you safe ! There he is - Now - Me being a threat to you - It 's all in your mind - Wouldn 't you like to go there ? - Who 's that ? A friend of yours ? - No . No The voice is ... It 's out of range You hear anything ? Show me Which one is it ? I 'm going to try and smash his head against the wall Got the safety on the gun Have to ﬂick it off ! Liza , there ! Out of here ! Why is she stopping me ? Neutralize her There she is ! Get her under the glass Feisty moves . Right there Cut off her mind Kill Kill the bastard Down ! Die , you , then her ! You think you can outsmart a trained officer ? Never ! God , she stuck me with syringes stuffed , not with cell line 4 No , it can 't be Cell Line 4 What it did to the others It 's surging through my head . Stop ! I 'm going to kill you too I 'm going to control this I 'm going to kill you Stop ! It 's ripping through my head , crackling Oh , man ! The electricity 's zapping my heart ! My heart ! Not there ! Not the cells Oh , my God ! Everything 's getting so loud My heart ! Oh , my eyes . Don 't go dark ! This cell line was meant to be a weapon against our enemies , not against one of us Serves him right , that son of a bitch , whoever he really is If she does , if she doesn 't tell me what she 's involved in our relationship is over I don 't , I don 't care what her excuses are The government 's mixed up in some kind of scientific We didn 't create this mess and we don 't have to explain it . We 're leaving We can 't leave the scene of a crime ! Listen to me . I figured out a way I can get us out of this She 's smarter than I figured Survived Porter , now she 's getting dirty on me We would have shut this up But they sold it down in Saigon to army intelligence Jesus , all the deserted drug traffic and chicken shit Hey , the bottom line is you executed Americans and here it is on film This is a one-way ticket to Leavenworth I just want to step away from all of this and be free to live my own life Free ? People in this countw owe their freedom to men like me If she shows up here to blackmail That look like the original , but ... She might have made copies just to keep me in check Still , the cell line the new team is working on might mean I 'm going to have another mind hearer soon If not , there 's always a way to find out - Do we understand each other ? - Let her have her freedom by now Benedict Arnold , the subject of the essay on the test pretended to be a patriot But really he was a spy Now Paul Revere , we consider to be a patriot living in a city occupied by his enemies Imagine walking around pretending to be everyone 's friend Wouldn 't we consider that deception ? I knew I blew it - So the connection here 's that both men - I studied the wrong chapter made others believe They were one person , when secretly inside Did he see me when I dropped my tampon ? Oh my God ! They were somebody else saying one thing , thinking another The question on the test was when is deception justified ? This one 's easy . God , she asks the stupidest questions ! A moron could get an A in this class Paul Revere was right because he was on the right side Yes , but , who 's to say who 's right and who 's wrong ? - What 's she talking about ? - The answer was in Chapter 5 - Just get me the book , I can ... - Some of you read chapter 5 Monday night While others were , I don 't know , surfing the internet No way . I couldn 't have done this bad Do you think your parents would approve of on-line dating ? How the hell does she know ? It 's weird She always knows what you were doing , if you blew up the work for this class Don 't think about sex . She 'll know - Who cares about history anyway - It was in the textbook on page 71 Deception is justified when it 's meant to shield others or oneself from harm If Dad hits me tonight I 'm not taking it I 'll frigging break into his gun cabinet Get his 45 and shoot to kill Mom 's out of it even when she 's sober Miss Raines is staring right at me again I don 't get what she sees in me I 'm not that special , I 'm not that smart either I did better than I thought If Dad sees this he 'll kick my ass You think you 're smarter than me ? Wish there were beds here , so I don 't have to go home Chapter 6 tomorrow . Please , read it - Why does she want me to wait ? - You keep it up , Mr. Mister I 'm going to have to recommend you to the Honors Program She 's just saying that It 's cool if you don 't - Did you think about my other proposition ? - Counseling is for losers I don 't see how talking about is going to solve anything It 's not going to make Dad ease up Here she is , talking to that kid again - Hello , Mrs. Kane - Hi , sweetie , I 've told you about Damian - So you are the culprit , huh ? - What 's that supposed to mean ? Anything Damian says to his counselor is confidential , right ? Whatever we talk about stays in the room I 've seen him around the halls I can 't even tell a judge - Mr. Angry in black - I don 't know Look , I 've got time tomorrow around four . Interested ? - He is , he is bright - Please He 's giving in So , what do you say ? - All I can say he 's cool - Tough , tough guy things look like an act - Alright . What else are you going to do ? - Alright I can see how he 'd remind her of that kid who shot up his school If it weren 't for teachers like Miss Raines , I don 't know where I 'd be I see we 've got some movement in there Any breakthroughs in there ? You two stop it now It 's okay , sweetie They just want to meet their daddy She remains a valuable national resource There 's no doubt about that And your surveill op is well ran I commend you I assume you had the school wired with cameras And agents on the premises , using various covers Obviously , her home is covered as well I was wondering how the President reacted to your latest briefing on Project Hidden Lines He 's never been briefed Your researches have failed to create another mind hearer I have hoped for your support I appreciate your ﬂying out from Washington I do see potential here As Mr. Porter 's experience indicated The right information can buy a lot of things , General Yes , it can , sir I checked you out You , have your sights on becoming Secretary of the Army I understand you 've been approached to make run at the White House , sir It 'll be to our mutual advantage to keep this in the family - General , he 's arrived - Thank you , Fiona , Bring him in That was quick The location 's just around the corner Is he safe ? If he weren 't you wouldn 't be in here Now , what do you have to report ? Judging by the tone of the voice one 's a boy and the other 's a girl And at the beginning of class , she said she wanted us to call her Mrs. Kane So you can say goodbye to Miss Raines I 'm done with this jailed look - Are you getting a little cocky ? - Look . I 've conned her for 6 weeks Now , you listen to me , you little piss-head You 're going to do this job until it 's done You screw up and I will shitcan your ass straight back to that shelter where we discovered you Maybe in the foundation of a new wing His mind script sir , for next week 's classes Look , I can 't tell if the twins have got the mind hearing Just by the way she talks to them Which is why you will continue to ingratiate yourself You will show up with ﬂowers after the twins are born Do yard work out of the goodness of your heart So that if the twins do show any signs of mind hearing You 'll gel the first glimpse You said I 'd see the world To play on a world stage , kid , you 've got to be good I 'm good , okay ? They picked me out of 200 for this job Humes thought that no one could outthink her She treats me like family now
