 Thomas . Henry . Time to come in . Roger ! Hold on there , young man . - Let me go , let me go ! - Settle down . I 'm not wishing you any harm . - Let me go home ! - Where are you going with those marbles ? I wanted to play with them . - The marbles do not belong to you . - But I need something to play with . Young man , it is wrong to steal items from other people . But I like marbles . I 'm sure the children would be happy to share the marbles with you . Please return the marbles , young man . And you should apologize to Mrs. Matthews and the children for this unjust act . Roger ! Norris , are you feeling all right ? Oh , Abby ... Yes . I 'm fine . Just dozed off . I thought you were going to sleep the whole afternoon away . Oh my dear , what time is it ? As you all know , Dr. Carlisle has authored a manuscript entitled : " The Changing Times " . His publisher has requested a statement by the seminary for the back cover of the book . Which they feel will aid in the book 's credibility . - And sales . - Yes . That too I suspect . We have , as you all well know a strict policy . Any such endorsements by the board be unanimous . I regret to say that Dr. Anderson is still recovering and will not be able to be with us . Unfortunately he 's informed me that as of two days ago , he 's yet been unable to read it . Consequently his vote will be excused . He did express deep disappointment , and ensured me that he would read it as soon as possible . - Is Norris ' health improving ? - Yes . His doctor says happily so . He should be back teaching , perhaps within the week . Did they ever find out what was wrong with the poor fellow ? Not excactly , no . Seems to have contracted some sort of infection that caused him to become delirious and weak . I 've missed Norris . He 's certainly the most interesting professor to speak with amongst my peers . Thank you . I suggest we all take a moment to express our opinion of the manuscript , to Dr. Carlisle . You have great courage , Carlisle . Well , if Daniel can face the lions I 'm prepared to face this group . Dr. Henry . Insightful , Russel . Excellent reading . You have my endorsement . Very kind of you , Dr. Henry . Dr. Wiseman . Well , despite several misspelled words and much bad grammar , I have no objections . Thank you , Dr. Wiseman . The spelling we can correct , but as for the bad grammar I 'm afraid that now you 're starting to encroach upon my style . Well , we certainly would not want to encroach . Dr. Butler . You have my vote , predicated on my receiving a complementary copy . I believe we can make those arrangements . I too , Russel , found your work to be highly thought provoking . Excellent scholarship . You 're to be congratulated . I 'm sorry to interrupt your meeting , gentlemen . Norris ? What a surprise . Are you certain you 're well enough to be here ? Oh yes . And thank you for your concern , sir . I came because I wanted to speak with Russell about his manuscript . Yes . We were just discussing it . We all found it quite stimulating , and certainly helpful to whoever might read it . Russell 's work shows great attention to detail , and an impressive amount of research . But I would like to speak with him privately , pertaining to one matter , sir . You have difficulty with something , doctor ? There 's just this one matter I like to clear up , sir . What do you not agree with , Norris ? Russell , please . I would like you and I to discuss this privately first . Let us discuss it now . We have no secrets here . Yes , Norris . I should like to hear your thoughts . I appreciate your interest , gentlemen . But I do not think this is the proper place for an open discussion . No worry , Norris . I give you my permission . - Russell , please . - I GIVE you my permission . If you wish . One of the themes in Dr. Carlisle 's book is the encouragement to proclaim the moral standard , taught by Jesus to all people . And what is wrong with this premise ? And I 'm quoting from page 67 : " Even if it is apart from His name and if people are rejecting the authority of Jesus Christ in their lives , " " we must still teach the ways of Christ for the better interest of society . " " The Lord 's teachings are best for all . " The Lord 's teachings ARE best for all . You cannot be disagreeing with this statement , Norris ? No . What Dr. Carlisle is implying is that we can put forth the standards of Christ apart from His name . And I think this is deadly . Are you saying that it would be wrong to simply tell a boy not to steal ? If this is all the information we give the boy , yes , I believe it would be . Come now , Norris . Without the authority of Christ , mankind is merely left to compare ideas . And morality becomes a matter of opinion . One person says it is wrong to steal . The next person says it is not . No standard is set . We need to tell this boy , the Lord Jesus Christ said not to steal . I agree this is best . But we can not always mention the name of Jesus . It may not be received . Especially by those already offended by the church , or brought up in another religion . But Jesus is the authority behind His commands , and people need to understand this fact . If we remove His authority , then we have no basis on which to command . We understand what you 're saying . But do you think you might 've taken this to an extreme ? It is quoting a source without giving credit to the person who said it . When we quote Shakespeare we always say : " Shakespeare said this . " It should be the same with the Scripture . Observe the Old Testament as our example . How often do we read where the prophet first say : " Thus sayeth the Lord " before they speak ? If these moral standards are taught universally it would greatly benefit social behaviour . Gentlemen , please hear me . Satan is not against good moral . He is opposed to Jesus Christ . A man can have good morals his entire life , yet you and I know he will go to hell when he dies . It is Jesus Christ that everyone needs and the devil knows this more than all of us . Dr. Anderson ! Satans goal is to remove the name of Christ from His commands . And when we do this , people are deceived into thinking if they live a good life they will receive God 's approval and attain Heaven . I think we can use morals to attract people to the Lord . Yes . But the ultimate issue when Christianity is the authority of Christ , and the devil is attacking this authority by convincing us to teach morals alone . Look at our families . They are weakening . Records are showing that over five percent of marriages end in divorce . And now young people are becoming more disrespectful . Now , I believe that this is a direct result of eliminating the authority of Jesus Christ from His commands . Norris . In the case of telling this boy not to steal . If I cannot tell him that this command is from the Lord , I would rather say nothing and let him steal . And then perhaps someday he will sense his need for the Saviour . You cannot possibly have derived all of this from one statement , Norris . See where the statement leads , Russell . I think you 're taking it down your own path just nicely , sir ! Gentlemen ! Dr. Anderson , Dr. Carlisle ... I strongly encourage you both to meet privately to resolve your differences . And I pray you will allow the Lord to be your mediator . When you 're in agreement we will all reconvene . Until then let us commit this matter to prayer . This meeting is adjourned . May I have a word with you ? You 've already had quite a few . Remember , Russell , I wanted to speak privately with you . Yes you did . Looks as though you 'll have your wish . I would like you to come to my home tonight . No thank you , Norris . There is something I must show you . And what might this be ? Your official written critique of my manuscript ? No , nothing like that . Something you must see to believe . I 'm surprised you will not endorse the book . Actually to be more accurate , I am shocked ! Russell , I did say it was well researched , but .. But to tell a boy not to steal is wrong , if apart from the name of the Lord ? There must be a connection between the Lord and His teachings . We can never seperate the two . I have invited you to my home to explain why I am saying this . The others , including the dean have endorsed the book . Do you see yourself better than these fine men ? Now come now , russell ! Why would you say such a thing ? And why must we discuss it at your home ? - Why not discuss the matter here and now ? - No , this is not the place . You must come to my home . I will look for you this evening . And if I shall not ? You must . This endorsement will not only be helpful for your book , but also beneficial to the seminary , which needs continued exposure for the work being accomplished here . Yes I believe Norris will change his mind . I would not give up so easily . I encourage you to speak with Norris again , or talk to the dean to see if an exception can be made . Dean ? I would not wish to alienate anyone on the faculty staff , nor infringe upon our friendship with Norris . This is nothing personal against our good friend . I just see this as a matter of standing up for something , which you believe is important . Norris will understand . Perhaps . Why would Norris wish to cause me this pain ? Norris is a wise and kind man , he would never do anything to hurt you . For some reason though he 's trying to keep the seminary from endorsing the book . You should go and speak with him . You do remember he 'd taken ill ? The doctor said he 'd become delirious . Russel , please . Go and speak with him . You will feel better . Yes .. I believe his illness could be affecting his judgement . The endorsement will also be beneficial to the seminary , which needs continued exposure for the work being accomplished here . This is my most diligent effort . And an excellent effort it is . As I have said , I think it is extremely well written . And the others did also . If I may humbly say . But I 'm not understanding Dr. Anderson . He has always supported my work in the past . Have you had the opportunity yet to meet with him to resolve this matter ? I spoke with him briefly yesterday in my classroom . And ? He 's asked for another meeting at his home . And ? I do not foresee us coming to an agreement , sir . I see . Sir , I would like to ask for an exception to the unanimity rule by the board . - An exception ? - Yes . So I may receive the endorsement . Doktor , I cannot change the policy . Such endorsement must be unanimous . But it does seem a shame that because of one the work remains unpublished . The work will not remain unpublished . You may not receive the endorsement of the seminary , but it will not remain unpublished . Sir , we both know it would greatly aid the work circulation . And I would not wish to publish a book without the endorsement of my peers . I appreciate your feelings . Sir ! Perhaps Norris ' illness is still affecting his judgement . Dr. Carlisle ! Well it is possible , sir . I 'm afraid I can help you no further . You did say so yourself .. Thank you , sir . - Are you certain ? - Yes . Very certain . It came to me last evening . A 75 percent majority vote by the seminary can overrule any policy in place . If we change the unanimous policy I would be certain to receive the seminary 's endorsement . - I 'm only pointing out a possibility . - Yes . And perhaps a solution . But how would this action appear to Norris ? I am not intending to breech our friendship with Norris . But I too in times past have questioned the unanimous policy in my mind . It seems to me that we are not always going to see eye to eye on every last detail of our works . And it seems to me that we 're not always going to see eye to eye in every last detail of our works . Now as you know , a 75 percent majority vote by the board can overrule any policy in place . Therefore I can not personally see why Dr. Andersons disagreement should stand in the way of the seminary 's endorsement . No offense towards our mutual friend . Are you certain you wish to take this next step ? Yes sir . And I have counseled with another professor about the entire matter . And who would this be ? I would rather not say , sir . Very well . I 'll set up a meeting for the early part of next week . Thank you , sir . I would urge you to make one last effort to resolve your differences with Dr. Anderson . Yes sir . I will speak with him . You look unhappy . It appears the board would most likely change the policy . Yes . But we may be too late . The publisher is ready to take the book to printing and they 're asking for the endorsement . I may not be able to get the meeting assembled in time to get the statement I desire . Go and visit with Norris . I 'm sure the two of you can work this out . No , I do not think so . Russell , you promised the dean . I 'm so glad you came , Russell . Norris , my publisher is waiting to begin printing . I 'm sure you have a fine barn , but we need to settle our misunderstanding quickly . No . What I want to tell you as well as show you , must be kept secret . No one must know . Do I have your word ? You have my word . - No one must know . - Yes , of course . I 'm sorry you never met my father , Russell . He was a Godly man . Very committed to the Lord . I 'm familiar with John Anderson . His articles on science and the Bible are brilliant work , but I came here .. He was also fascinated with inventing . It was his hobby . - An inventer ? - Yes . Seems I 've inherited his passion for it myself . Norris , please .. Before my father went to be with the Lord , he came upon an idea . A theory . Something incredible . He completed his project , yet sadly died before he had a chance to test it . Why are you telling me this ? Russell , the result of my father 's work is this . Beautiful , is it not ? What is this ? - Something incredible . - Yes . But what is it ? It is a singularity-chrono-displacement device . I beg your pardon ? It is my father 's technical term . It is a transporter of sorts . This machine can transport a person .. .. through time . Transport a person through time ? As in time travel ? This is impossible . No . It is possible , Russell . My only regret is that my father never experienced time travel himself . Then how do you know it works ? - I tested it . - You tested it ? - You traveled through time ? - Yes . I traveled over 100 years into the future . Over 100 years to the twentieth .. No , the twentyfirst century ? Correct . You ? This is an absurdity . It is the truth , Russell . Norris , time travel is impossible . I 'm afraid that your illness have affected your judgement more than I thought . My friend , time travel is possible . What proof can you provide ? I tried to acquire some physical evidence , but .. the machine will not allow me to bring anything back from the future . And .. why not ? Well I have reasoned that it was because the article would not yet exist . It would be impossible for me to show you a coin from 1950s before it was even minted . Of course . It would not have been minted yet . I see . This is why I have arranged a journey for you . A journey ? For me ? Yes . Into the future . Oh come now . Russell , you must see where the teaching of good morals alone will lead . You must see for yourself what happens when we remove the authority of Christ out of life . You 've gone way beyond reason here , Norris . This is all nonsense . Now , you needn 't worry about your wife or your classes . When you leave tomorrow night , you 'll return from the future just seconds after you left . It is impossible to travel through time . And I shall not listen to these delusions any longer . Now if you 'll excuse me please , Norris . Russell , you must listen . - It 's impossible to travel through time . - But it IS possible . - Good evening , Norris . - Russell , please . Good evening . You must see for yourself what happens in the future . And remember , scientific findings do not make the statements in the Bible true . Scripture is always true , and never needs verification . Scientific support of the Scripture only means that the science is true . Cause we know that the Scripture already is . My advice to any scientist would be to make sure that his findings coincide with God 's Word . This is , if he wants to be a good scientist . Tomorrow we shall speak on Jesus ' view on Scripture out of Matthew chapter 4 . Class dismissed . - Good day , Dr. Carlisle . - Amen . - Hello , doctor . - Hello . Norris , what brings you here ? You should be home resting . I wanted to make sure you were coming by my home tonight . Everything is set . - You leave at eight o 'clock . - Eight o 'clock ? Yes . For your journey . My journey ? Why do you persist ? You had me up half the night thinking on this absurdity . - Russell , you still do not believe me . - Do you honestly expect me to ? I expect you to explore the possibility . What possibility ? It is impossible to travel through time . And I will not be a part of any jest . Russell , we can not continue our disagreement forever . And you can not continue this notion of time travel . Your journey will resolve all our differences . Russell , I am urging you . Come to my home tonight , at eight o 'clock . I will not be coming . You must . Eight o 'clock . Gentlemen . Thank you . Dr. Carlisle . I have just spoken with the other professors about the unanimous policy , and they too are in agreement with us that it should be changed . Thank you , but we may be too late . I 've received a telegram from the publisher , requesting the endorsement immediately , as the book is ready to be taken to press . However , I heard from the dean we may not be able to assemble a meeting for almost two weeks as one of the board members is away from the city . - I 'm sorry to hear this . - Yes , this is a problem . Perhaps you could ask them to delay the printing until the meeting is assembled ? Perhaps . I could try . At any rate , you must try to speak with Norris again . I 'm afraid our friend Norris is not well . And this will not end in my favor . You must try , Russell . This may be your only remaining option . I will speak with you later . And you can not continue this notion of time travel . Your journey will resolve all our differences . Russell , I am urging you . Come to my home tonight , at eight o 'clock . I have arranged your journey so that you 'll be arriving on a Saturday at noon , and returning the following Wednesday evening at nine o 'clock . This will give you over four days in the future . Your entry point will be in a remote alley in the city I made my entry . You MUST be at that same point on Wednesday by nine o 'clock . Norris , please . I have come to reason with you . This is a timing mechanism . When it becomes 9 PM on Wednesday night , it will activate the transporter and bring you back . This is how I traveled alone . Dr. Anderson , if you please . And I would not tell anyone you are from the past . It will only cause difficulties . And do not try to look up your own fate . It is not for us to know . " Not for us to know " ? I insist you stop this nonsense right now and we sit down and settle our differences . Russell , your journey into the future will settle all our differences . Here . Take this . - What is this ? - Coins . - Coins ? - Yes . You will need money for food and clothing , and also for an inn in which to stay . You can exchange those coins for modern currency when you arrive . You will simply not believe the price of merchandize . Fortunately for you , these coins are worth a lot of money where you 're going . Is this so ? This is a great opportunity for you , Russell . You must see with your own eyes where the teaching of morals alone will lead . Stay right there . Norris . In case you 're wondering , the machine works by stored rays and energy from the sun . Bottled up and time released creates an electrical disturbance , and acts as a transporter . It is much more complex , but we do not have time to discuss it now . You have a journey to take . Norris , this silliness has gone far enough . I wish I could go with you on your journey , but I have yet to calculate a way to transport two travelers simultaneously . But rest assured , I will keep trying . - I am about to leave . - Yes , my friend . You are . Now , observe . One more piece of instruction . While I was in the future I received helpful information from a Christian woman , who works as a librarian at the university library . Her name is Michelle Bain . She knows who I am , but not where I am from . Try to speak with her if you can . Michelle Bain . Norris , what is happening ? ! Remember : Wednesday night , nine o 'clock , in the alley . Norris ! God bless ! Norris . Norris ? Norris ! Oh my .. October 21st , two thousand and .. This cannot be . So , where did you get these old coins ? A collegue gave them to me . - Well , they 're beauties . - They are ? Yeah , they actually look like they 're new . Leo ? Give me a second here . I 'm afraid we can only give you this much for them , mister ... ? - Carlisle . - Carlisle . Is this acceptable ? There must be some mistake . This amount ? Well , yes . Very kind of you , sir ! Ehm .. good ! We 'll just get the money for you , and you can be on your way . Thank you , sir ! And thank you for treating me in such a fair and Christian manner . Sure . - Here you go , Mr. Carlisle . Right this way . - Takk you . - Your key , sir . - " Key . " I trust you find these accommodations acceptable ? They 're quite nice . Thank you very much . Keep in mind your television features a satellite hook-up , with over 150 channels for your viewing pleasure . " Television . " Plus you can receive over 100 radio stations through the TV . All digital , of course . " Digital . " And we have an additional terminal here next to the phone if you need to go online . " Online . " Of course , you can also connect through the TV using this remote . " Remote . " Are you OK , sir ? Yes . Very well . Thank you . Well , if there 's nothing else I can do for you ? Nothing else whatsoever . You 've been most helpful . Thank you . So , everything is satisfactory ? Most satisfactory . Thank you . Because if there 's anything you need ... Oh I 'm so sorry . Thank you so much for your hospitality , sir . Must 've come in on a long trip , huh ? One could say that . Suffering from a bit of jet lag , I bet ? Enjoy your stay . " Jet lag . " Excuse me , sir . What is this device on your head ? - This ? - Yes . This is a radio , man . Where have you been ? Is someone communicating with you ? Bottom of the eight . Two men on . - " Bottom of the eight ? " - Yeah , the ball game . Baseball . What do you need ? Please allow me to introduce myself first . I am Russell Carlisle . And your name is ? - Eddie . - Eddie ? - Eddie Martinez . - Pleasure meeting you Mr. Martinez . - What do you need ? Change ? - Change ? Yeah , for the machines . No , uhm .. actually I was hoping you could recommend a Bible believing church nearby , where one might attend a service tomorrow morning ? Church , huh ? Yes , to attend a service tomorrow morning . Here you go . Let your fingers do the walking . " Let your fingers do the walking ? " I 'm sorry . I 'm not familiar with this . It 's the Yellow Pages , man . Everything you need from A to Z. Oh my . May I ask where you attend church ? oh .. I .. I ain 't got no time for no church . No time for God 's people ? We all need accountability and encouragement from each other . Hey , Eddie Martinez is a good guy . You ask anybody . Yes , this is important . We should all strive to be good people towards our fellow man . But if one seperates oneself from a local fellowship of believers , it makes it difficult to live for the Lord . What are you man , some kind of preacher ? No . However , I 'm a professor at a Bible seminary . Perhaps the two of us can attend the service together ? Look , I already told you I ain 't got time for no church . - Besides , I gotta work here tomorrow . - Tomorrow , on Sunday ? Well it should be a day of rest , where we enjoy fellowship with family , friends and God 's people . Hush , quiet . Bases are loaded . Come on , Gonzales . - Strike him out . - " Strike him out ? " Yes ! Very nice to meet you as well , Sam . This is a beautiful sanctuary . Very different from that which I am accustomed . Yes , she 's a beaut . Only a couple years old . - This your first time here ? - Yes . Yes it is . It 's a good place . You 'll like it here . We 've got plenty of activities to keep us hopping ' . - Activities ? - There 's always something going on . Like tomorrow night , our Sunday School group is gonna go catch a movie . A " movie " . I 'm sorry . I 'm not familiar with this . We go almost every Monday night . Half price . You should come with us . Be a good way to meet people , since you 're new and all . Yes . It 's very kind of you to include me . Thank you . I would like to join your group . Great . Meet us outside the church entrance about 6 : 30 . - We 'll take the church van . - A " van " . Very well , then . - Tuesday night is church visitation . - Visitation ? Every Tuesday night we go visit people who are interested in learning more about our church . Not many people have been showing up , but it 's there for those who are dedicated . I see . Then , Wednesday night we have supper and prayer service . Food 's not bad . This week we have a business meeting to talk about the new building project . And Friday nights I 've got church bowling league . so , I keep busy . Yes , very busy indeed . Well , thank you . You 've been most kind . No problem . Hope to see you tomorrow . Yes . I plan to attend . How do you do ? I 'm fine . My name is Russel Carlisle . Nice looking Bible you have there . - Thank you , sir . - Yes , that 's a nice one . Yes . Yes it is . So , how has the Lord been speaking to you through His word this week ? Well , have you ever noticed the strenght of the pages in these Bibles ? They are so thin , but they 're very difficult to tear . They really hold up . Yes . They certainly do . ♫ Holy , Holy , Holy ! ♫ ♫ Lord God Almighty ! ♫ ♫ Early in the morning ♫ ♫ our song shall rise to thee . ♫ The Word of God is our light , our guide , and our trusted friend . The Bible says , the Word of God is profitable for teaching , doctrine , correction , and training in righteousness . You can trust in this book , with your heart , with your mind , and with your soul . Yes , I believe I would try a " hot dog " . - What do you want on it ? - Sorry ? Want everything on it ? - Is this customary ? - What 's that ? This will be fine , thank you . How about a soda ? - " Soda ? " - Something to drink . - Tea . - Tea ? Young lady ! Young lady ! Young lady . Young lady . You 've just stolen my hot dog . Why would you do such a thing ? I was just playing around , mister . I would be happy to purchase one for you if you were hungry and in need of food . Here , take your " dog " . This is not a proper thing you have done . It is important that you respect your elders . Then we 'd be kind to one another . I said I was just playing around . It 's no big deal . Oh , but it is a very important matter . You do understand that stealing is a sin ? Says who ? The Lord says . Hi . How may I help you ? Are you the proprietor of this establishment ? The " proprietor " ? You mean the owner ? No . He 's not here . He 's my father . How may I help you ? I would like to comment on those women garments on display over there . Well , I don 't think they 'd look very good on you . I beg your pardon ? Just kidding . Just a joke , mister . I know . Your wife would look just great in that outfit over there , and you wanna see if I can work out a special deal ? I think we can work something out . I 'm not wishing to purchase that garment , sir . I 'm not sure how this will be taken by you , but I 'm sure this manner of dress arouses sinful passions in the customers as they walk by . Sinful passions ? Yes , sinful passions are promiscuity , especially in the younger males . We must be careful as to the example we portray to our young people . For the goodness of all society . Sir , I appreciate you voicing your opinion , and I 'll be sure to let my father know . And I want to thank you . But to be honest , this is the first complaint we 've had like this . Our customers , most of them don 't seem to mind this sort of thing . Hello again . Hey , preacher man got himself some new threads , huh ? " Threads ? " You know , clothes . Rags , ropa ! Oh , yes . And I see you still enjoy listening to this device . Oh , yes I do . Especially when we win , and we won yesterday . Listen , I wanted to ... Is it Edward ? Huh ? No , no , it 's just Eddie . Just like it sounds : Eddie , ready-Eddie , you know ? All right then , Eddie . I wanted to speak with you again about the importance of attending a local church . Oh , I go to church . Christmas , Easter . Yes , but we need to attend church more than two times a year for spiritual growth . Oh , well , you know ... At least I ain 't never been to the slammer . " Slammer ? " " The big house " . Jail . Man , I thought my english was bad . But Eddie , we need consistent Bible study and fellowship , if we are to become mature spiritual men . Yes ! He just hit a double with two men on . We 're up 3 to 2 . Eddie , I 'm attempting to talk to you ¨ about your spiritual life . Look preacher , I ain 't no angel , but I ain 't ever cheated or lied , or shot anybody . Ask people . Eddie Martinez is a good guy . Yes , these are all important virtues , but it 's important that we do more than just not offend each other . Yeah ! We got another run . We 're up 4 to 2 . Yeah , you stick around preacher man . You 're good luck . One more piece of instruction . While I was in the future I received helpful information from a Christian woman , who works as a librarian at the university library . Her name is Michelle Bain . She knows who I am , but not where I am from . Try to speak with her if you can . Michelle Bain . How is Mr. Anderson ? I haven 't seen him in quite some time . Very well , thank you . Although , I am curious as to how you met our mutual friend . He came in here one day , maybe six months ago . He was doing some research , and I helped him find some reference materials . We started talking . Very nice man . He 's a Bible professor . But you know that . Yes , I too am a professor . Norris and I are collegues . Well , how did his experiment turn out ? Sorry ? His experiment . He said he was part of a science experiment , and he couldn 't tell me where he was from or what he was really doing here . Yes . The experiment . I 'm afraid Norris is still making his observations , and has not yet made public his findings . He was very interested in Biblical matters . I 'm a Christian too , and he had a lot of questions about the spiritual state of the times . So , I tried to fill him in best I could . Yes , like Norris I too am interested in these matters . For example , yesterday I attended a worship service , in the large church on Main Street . I 'm familiar with it . Hopefully you will not find this offensive , but by my observatyion , they seemed to be bored of the whole service . With praise hymns , hearing of God 's Word . Everything . Although , I did find the teaching to be accurate . Well , I can understand your concern . Personally I think this is an extremely critical time for the church , in so far as evaluating our priorities . Sorry to interrupt , Michelle . You have a call on line 2 . Thanks . I 'm sorry , Mr. Carlisle . I 'd love to chat with you more , but I gotta take that call . Why don 't you come back tomorrow , one o 'clock . That 's when I have lunch . We 'll have time . Thank you . I look forward to it . Good . May I ask , who is this ? My secretary ? Thank you . Have a nice evening , sir . Pardon me , my good man . Could you recommend a good place to get a meal . A meal ? - What are you looking for ? A burger joint ? - A " burger .. ? " Cause there 's a good one right up the street there . I eat there all the time . Yes , I believe I would like to try it . It 's a fifties diner , you know . A real throwback . - " Fifties diner ? " - You know , from the fifties . Burger , shakes , fries . That kinda thing . I 'm sorry , I 'm not familiar with this . You 've never seen a fifties diner ? What 's wrong with you ? You 've been livin ' in the 1890 's or something ? As a matter a fact , to be perfectly honest .. Oh , baby , you are fine . Hey look , I 'll be off in about .. How about me and you .. Pardon me , sir ! You should not be talking to her this way . What would your wife say ? What wife ? I 'm not married anymore . Anymore ? Is she deceased ? " Deceased " ? You mean dead ? I wish she was . I wouldn 't be paying all this alimony . We 're divorced . Divorced ? Oh , I 'm very sorry . Sorry ? I 'm happy . Except for the alimony . She was drivin ' me crazy . People don 't understand what I went through with this woman . I mean , dealing with her mood and her demands every day . But the Lord hates divorce . Hey . Don 't be dumping ' no guilt trip on me , all right ? One out of two marriages get divorced these days . It 's not like I 'm the only one . Besides , it was her fault . She was drivin ' me crazy . One out of two marriages ends in divorce ? This is 50 percent . What 'll you have ? Good evening , madam . What 'll you have ? ! Very well , then . I would like this selection . The number 2 , please . Number 2 ! Something to drink ? Something to drink ? Tea ? Tea ! Don 't worry , we 'll be fine . - I dunno . Are you sure ? - Yes . I 'm sure . Would you trust me ? We 're gonna have the best time . You already missed out last week , and we 're really .. Look , you don 't know how strict my parents are . Seriously , what is the worst thing that could happen ? Well , if I come home with alcohol on my breath , my parents will kill me . So , stay at my house . Your parents won 't say anything to you ? They 'll be in bed way before we get home . They 'll never know . Don 't worry . It 'll be fine . - I don 't know , are you sure ? - Yes . I 'm sure . Would you just trust me . We 're gonna have the best time . - Who 's gonna get the alcohol ? - Tommy 's older brother . Young ladies . Excuse me , but I can not help but overhear your conversation . And I am shocked at what you 're saying . I can not believe you 'd want to deceive your parents in this manner . And who are you , mister ? And you 're also speaking of consuming strong alcoholic drink . Which should be forbidden . Especially for your age . So , who do you think you are ? Like our parents or something ? Certainly not . But I am someone who has a genuine concern for your welfare . And I am your elder . We should always conduct ourselves with honesty and integrity . Look , I 'm sick and tired of people telling me what I can and cannot do . It 's not like we 're hurting anyone . So why don 't you chill out . Lets go . Perhaps you should be the party to " chill out " . Where 's my tea ? Stop the movie ! You must stop this movie ! The man on the screen just blasphemed the name of the Lord ! There must be some mistake ! You must stop this movie . This is an abomination ! Thank you . Excuse me . - Want a piece ? - No thanks . Mr. Carlisle ? Are you all right ? I ... I still can not comprehend how they could allow a player on the movie screen to blaspheme the name of the Lord . It 's not that big a deal , Carlisle . It 's just a movie . Yes . But to defame the name of the Lord .. It was a moral film . The guy went back to his wife in the end . Yes , but to speak so blatantly against the name of Jesus . Look , buddy . There 's a lot worse movies we could 've gone to see . Then perhaps it is better not to attend at all if this is the only selection . This guy must be one of those legalists who thinks all movies are sinful . Pardon me ? Don 't mind our husbands , Mr. Carlisle . They think they 're comedians . Yes . They 're only joking . So , where are you from ? I 'm from here originally , although I have been living away for quite some time now . Where abouts ? A place I do not think you 're familiar with . I will tell you this much . It is in another time zone . What brings you back here ? Actually , I 'm partaking in an experiment . - You 're a scientist ? - No . I 'm a Bible professor by trade . I teach science and the Bible , and also church history at the Grace Bible Seminary . Grace Bible Seminary ? Yes . It 's located on the corner of Spencer og Downey streets . Grace Bible Seminary . I 'm not familiar with it . You know , Ann teaches science and chemistry at the high school . Yes . I 'd love to have you come talk to my class . Oh , thank you . But I prefer not . Oh , you must . The students would really enjoy it . I 'm only here for a few more days , and I have no means of travel . I 'll be glad to pick you up . And we can hear more about your experiment . I best not . The kids would love it . Yeah . It 'd be great for them to have somebody who 's really in the field . I 'm not really in that field . There 's something strange about that guy . What do you mean ? That seminary he just talked about over at Spencer og Downey ? There 's no seminary there . It 's an industrial park . Yeah , that 's right . - Why would he say that ? - I don 't know . Like to find out what his little experiment is , though . Why don 't you run him through the computer tomorrow down at the station ? Sse what you find out . Just for fun . Tom Sharp . Hey , I think I found something interesting on our new friend . Oh , really ? I checked out that Grace Bible Seminary where he said he worked . Oh , yeah . The one located in the middle of the industrial park ? Well , it seems there used to be one in that exact location . It moved across the state in ' 51 , and there was a Russell Carlisle once employed there as a professor . No kiddin ' ? There is one catch , though . This Russell Carlisle 's been dead since ' 36 . - 1936 ? - 1936 . Well , it can 't be the same guy . - This isn 't making any sense . - I know , it isn 't . What time is your wife picking up Carlisle to go to school today ? Around 10 : 30 , I think . Pick me up at 10 : 20 . Can you tell us a little more about the experiment you 're working on ? Well , not as of yet . For I am still making observations . Scientists are supposed to observe everything they can first . Then record their observations , og then make public their findings . You need some help , man ? I 'd be glad to skip school . Not at present , but thank you kindly for your offer . May I ask if you 're familiar with the works of John Anderson ? John Anderson ... I don 't believe I 've heard of him . He lived in the late 1800s . Brilliant mind . Published some valuable information on the art of science and experimentation . We 'll have to locate his material . Yes , please do . His discoveries are fascinating . The best part about Mr. Anderson 's work , is how he relates everything to the Bible . Remember students , if any scientific record contradicts the Scriptures , it is the scientific finding that is in error . The Scriptures are never wrong . Mr. Carlisle . God 's holy Word is so trustworthy , it is amazing how it has recorded scientific fact hundreds of years before science ever discovered them , And has proven accurate 100 percent every time . Mr. Carlisle . The holy Scripture is always your most reliable science book . Mr. Carlisle ! Yes ? Mr. Carlisle , this is a public school . You can 't talk about religion in class . I was not talking about religion . I merely mentioned the accuracy of the Bible . This school has rules . No religious views expressed to the students . No religion talked to the students ? No . Do you want me to lose my job ? Lose your job ? Of course not . That would be disasterous . Well , OK then . I 'm sorry this has to end this way . I 'll just tell the students you had to leave . Thank you for coming . This guy travel light . Nothing in here either . There 's nothing in the drawers . Hey , Rex . Take a look at this . What ? The Bible ? His note . " Given to Russell in honor of his highschool graduation . " " Love , mother father " " June 23 , 1865 " 1865 ? And I simply mentioned the Bible . I ment no harm by it . And the teacher informed me that she could lose her job over the matter . Well , our nation is no longer built on the Biblical principles , set forth by our forefathers . We haven 't been able to study the Bible in public school for years . We 've lost prayer in school since the supreme court 's decision in 1962 . Children not allowed to pray in school ? How unthinkable . Well , we 're part of a society that for the most part lives without Christ and His Word . Oh my . And what 's worse : People are beginning to rely on their own goodness to achieve salvation . As if they could earn their way to Heaven , when it 's a free gift from God , through Christ . It 's just a sign of the times . This is wrong . Last evening something very shocking occurred . I attended a movie with a group from the church . And the person up on the screen blasphemed the name of the Lord . Unfortunately , that happens all the time . Oh , I know , because I used to be in the film industry . As a player up there on the screen ? As an actor ? No , no . No , I was a booking agent for a theater chain . I was making all kinds of money . The whole package . But I was miserable inside . Empty . And then one day an old girlfriend of mine came by the office . And we were talking . And I told her how I felt . And she told me that she felt the same way , before she became a Christian . That she accepted Christ in her life and committed to follow Him . She was so happy ! She also said that her life had real meaning now that she had Christ at the center of it . There was something about her . Something I wanted . The peace . The joy . So , I started reading the Bible again . I could remember some of the Bible stories from when I was a kid in Sunday school . And I always believed in God . But I didn 't have a clue who Jesus Christ was . Nor that He had died for my sins . It 's a ... It 's a good thing God is patient . I finally asked Jesus into my heart , and I 've never looked back . And then I met a Godly man , and married him . And came to work at this library 18 years ago . My husband and I never could have our own children . But this work here has been a real ministry for me . It 's given me so many opportunities to talk to people about Christ . Bravo , Mrs. Bane . Well , I say all of that because , when it comes to the film industry , I 've been there and I know how powerful and influential it is to society . I believe that secular entertainment is one of the biggest tools Satan uses , to mislead people . He desensitizes us through it . Murder , violence , sexual immorality . You name it . Sin has slowly , but surely become acceptable to us , because we see it all the time , so it 's no longer shocking to us . But why were these things ever allowed ? Well , frankly I think that Satan is smarter than we give him credit for . and he 's very deceptive . When the movie industry started back in the 30s , it was moralistic for the most part . There was a censor board that regulated what could and could not be shown on the screen . And movie makers were very careful about what they were portraying . And that 's when the people didn 't realize that the devil won his greatest victory . His greatest victory ? How so ? Because he got the name and the person of Jesus Christ out of the movies . I mean , the morals were there for a while , but the Lord Himself was not . And as people became more liberated with their views , there seemed to be less and less conviction . Because there was no absolute authority . And that is why people can curse the name of the Lord and they don 't even think about it . But how can these movie makers so mock the Lord ? Do they not understand that He is the One Who created them and gives them their every breath ? Mr. Carlisle , it says in the Bible that : " The fear of God is the beginning of wisdom . " If people don 't hold reverence for the Lord . What can we expect ? Exuse me , sir . Is this where we meet for the visitations ? This is the place . Where we speak with people interested in knowing more about the church and our Lord ? That 's right . This is it . Excuse me . OK , people . We 're about to get started . We have several names here tonight . Excuse me . These are the volunteers ? Yeah . Actually this is a pretty good turn up . - You 're welcome to join us . - Thank you . OK , people . We have several names , so lets pass them around and see if there 's anybody you know . Where is everyone ? This is Tom . - You 're working late . - No later than you . - Yeah , but I get overtime . - I hear you . What 's up ? I don 't know . Carlisle published some religious books the seminary endorsed . Called : " Science and the Bible " , " Interpretation of Scripture " , " The Changing Times " , a couple of others . There 's also an article that talked about some of his collegues from the seminary . Dr. Wiseman , Dr. Anderson , Dr. Henry .. - Wait , wait . A Dr. Anderson ? - Yeah . Dr. Norris Anderson . My wife told me Carlisle asked her if she 'd ever read the writings of a guy named Anderson , published in the late 1800s . You know what it 's beginning to look like ? I think this guy might 've taken on the identity of this professor Carlisle . Yeah , but what 's his agenda , Rex ? I mean , why 's he only here for a couple more days and where is he going ? I don 't know . - I could pull him in for some questioning . - No ... You know what ? I just came up with something . OK , it says in this visitation card that this family is real interested in joining the church . So , this one should be easy . Just let me do all the talkin ' . Shall we pray first before we enter ? No , no need to . I mean , we already prayed back at the church , right ? And the church has lots of sports programs . Physical activites , keep you in shape . You know what they say : " The body is the temple of the Lord . " Right . We have church volleyball teams , basketball teams , and softball . Some of the guys want to start a church golf league in the summer . Oh , Jerry , you 'd like that . - He loves to golf . - Oh , there you go . And we have great programs for the kids . Twice a year . Big trips , like the Six Flags , Major League ball games . I 'm sorry . Excuse me . William ! William , please turn the television down , right now ! Thank you . Sorry . Like I said , we 've got great programs for the kids . Twice a year we have big trips like the Six Flags , Major League ball games . Two years ago , our high school group went to Disney World . William ! I said NOW ! Sorry . Now , on Wednesday nights while the adults meet in the worship center , we have the kids get together . Sort of like a kids club . You know , they play games , they sing songs . There 's lots of snacks and refreshments for them . With kids their own age . Their own age group . That 's great . My son would love that . He likes to play games . - Hello , William . - Hey . I really felt special . Oh my . Oh my , my , my .. What is this couple doing ? Hey , what are you doing , mister ? I cannot fathom that this young married couple would kiss in front of a child . What is becoming of them ? They 're not married . They 're just actors in the show . Not married ? Come on , mister . Get out of the way . Everything all right , Carlisle ? Lord . Forgive me . I was wrong . I was wrong . - Sorry I 'm late . - What 's up ? I just ran into Carlisle . - Just now ? - About an hour ago down town . Really ? I trailed him for a while . He never saw me . - OK . Did you see anything unusual ? - No . Not really . He just went in and out of a bunch of stores . Did he buy anything ? Yeah . Bought a book at a Christian book store , but I didn 't get a good look at it . Did you see him talk to anybody ? Approach anybody ? No . Nobody in particular . I tell you what , though . This guy acts like he 's never seen anything before . He takes the longest time looking at the simplest things . I can 't figure out what he 's up to . Did you set it up with pastor Burton ? Yes . He will be speaking at the service tonight . Good . Maybe we 'll get some more insight to what 's going on . You know what ? I think it 's time we had a little talk with Dr. Carlisle before the service . Hello again . I 'm here to see mrs . Bain . I 'm sorry , mr . Carlisle . She unexpectedly had to go to the state office this morning . In fact , she won 't be back until Friday . I see . But she wanted me to tell you that ... She enjoyed meeting you , and to give her best to Norris , and to have a safe journey . And then she has in brackets : " Wherever that may be . " - She said you would understand . - Yes , I do . Please give mrs . Bain my kindest regards , and tell her I enjoyed meeting with her as well . And that it has been most educational . She will know what I mean . - I 'll tell her . - Thank you . Good day . " Learn about the past " , what is this ? It 's our microfiche computer program . Micro ... fish ? Microfiche . It 's a specially programmed computer , where we 've scanned in all the old newspaper articles in this city 's history . It 's a great way for people to discover the past . Well it certainly would be . Would it be too much to ask for someone to assist me in its usage , perhaps ? No , not at all . I 'll get Greg to help you . OK , Here it is : Grace Bible Seminary . Is this what you want ? - Yes , this is it . - All right . - So , you scroll down through the articles like this . - This is amazing ! Have you not ever seen one of these before ? I mean , it works just like a computer . Just like a computer . Of course . So , faculty , click . Stop ! That 's dr . Norris Anderson . I know him . What do you mean you know him ? It says right here this guy was born in 1819 . That means he 'd be dead . I mean , I knew of him . Brilliant Bible scholar , that he is . Was . You can search for your names and subjects by typing it in here . Hit the Return key , and it does the rest for you . - Type in any name ? - Right . I think I have it . Thank you so much for your assistance . All right . Look , you need more help , just ask . I 'll be around . R RU RUSSE RUSS RUSSELL CA RUSSELL C RUSSELL RUSSELL CARLI RUSSELL CARL RUSSELL CAR RUSSELL CARLISL RUSSELL CARLIS No ... It 's not for us to know . Oh , mr . Carlisle . Do you mind if we have a word with you . How may I asist you , gentlemen ? We found out about that little experiment you 're working on . Is this so ? Rex here does all the background checks for the city police . Yes . And I did some checking up on you . May I ask what you gentlemen have against me ? As I firmly believe you truly do not know why I am here . Well , maybe you could enlighten us ? I 'm afraid if I were to enlighten you , you would never believe me . Oh , come on , Carlisle . Why don 't you tell us what the big secret is ? I 'm not at liberty to disclose my purpose for being here . But I assure you it is all together harmless and perfectly legal . We 're gonna find out what 's going on . You know that , don 't you ? If you 'll excuse me , gentlemen . Hey , Carlisle ! Does the date : " June 23 , 1865 " mean anything to you ? Or what about the names of : " Dr. Wiseman , dr . Henry , dr . Anderson ? " Are those guys friends of yours ? ♫ On Christ , the solid Rock , I stand ; ♫ ♫ All other ground is sinking sand , ♫ ♫ All other ground is sinking sand , ♫ Would you please be seated . I want to thank you for coming to our Wednesday night service . It 's great to see all of you . As you know , we will be voting on some important decisions regarding our building program tonight . But before we do so , I first would like to introduce a special visitor with us this evening . This gentlement is a seminary professor , and is visiting us from afar . So , I ask him to share a few words with us this evening . Afterwards we will continue with our business at hand . So , will you please welcome dr . Russell Carlisle . Thank you , pastor . And good evening . I must admit I was very surprised when pastor asked me to speak with you . I 'm not quite sure why I in particular was chosen for the occasion , but I will see this as an opportunity from our Lord to share with you some matters that , have been pressing on my heart . Friends , I have been away for quite some time . A very long time . It would be truthful to say that , I have been living as if in another culture . A culture much simpler than the one I 've been observing here . This is not to say we do not have problems where I come from . We do . We know that all people are born with a sinful nature . And that all of us , like sheep , have gone astray from the Lord our God . Amen . However , let me say that the life style I have been observing here these past few days , Has been at the very least , startling . In the third chapter of Paul 's second letter to Timothy , Paul warns us about the last days . In verses one through five , the Scripture say : That in the last days , men will be selfish , proud , without natural affection for one another . Unthankful , unholy . Lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God . The list goes on . From what I have seen , the state that this society is now in , reminds me of the days of Noah just prior to entering the ark . And of Lot , and Sodom and Gomorrah . Sin appears to be as blatant and open now as it was then . Surely these must be the last days that Paul is referring to . And the second coming of our Lord Jesus Christ , is imminent . Please do not misunderstand me , friends . I am not setting myself in a higher moral position than anyone else here tonight . I too have failed my Lord in many ways . In fact I feel partly to blame . In these last few days I have come to realize how wrong I was , in thinking that we could reform society through the teachings of the Lord , without the Lord of the teachings . The Lord God , Who created all things , appears to have been eliminated from your schools , your government , businesses . Attacked in the arts and in your entertainment . And through these amazing inventions of radio , television and the movies , the devil has planted sinful thoughts , ideas and alternatives in the minds of the people . So much so , that Jesus Christ and what He did , and what He stands for , And who He is has been lost . My friends , I urge you this evening , as I have personally done this past week , to first reconsider your own relationship with God , through Christ . Please be abundantly clear that you have truly submitted yourself to Jesus , and received Him into your life as your personal Lord and Saviour . We know that Jesus will not save any man he cannot command . And if you 're playing a game of pretend with the Lord tonight , if you know deep in your heart you 've never truly submitted to him , or if you 're unsure of your standing with Christ . Now is the time to make yourself right with God by calling out to Christ . Jesus died for our sins , and to save our souls from the eternal suffering that is to come . One final judgement will come upon mankind . And all those who do not come under the covering of Christ . And of the Christians here this evening , let us take this time to renew our purpose and commitment . To be a people who shall live for Christ , and to tell others of His enduring act of love . I apologize for speaking so soberly this evening , but these are the things that are in my heart . And I 'm afraid will remain with me for a long , long time . The truth is that all of us will live forever . And we will either spend eternity in the presence of our Lord , or in a place of darkness , the Bible calls the lake of fire . If you have not , please give your life to Jesus Christ right now . Your eternity will depend on it . I 've said enough . Pastor ? Well , thank you dr . Carlisle . I 'm sure that we will take what you said to heart . All right then , as the men prepare to pass out the voting material , why don 't we all stand together and sing another hymn . How about " Amazing Grace " ? ♫ Amazing Grace , how sweet the sound , ♫ ♫ That saved a wretch like me . ♫ ♫ I once was lost but now am found , ♫ ♫ Was blind , but now I see . ♫ I am leaving you now , Eddie . OK , preacher . You take care . I would like to leave this fine suit with you . That 's really nice of you , I don 't think it 's gonna fit me . You 're a big hombre . I know , Eddie . I was hoping someone else might have some use for it . Oh , yeah . Eddie will find somebody who can use it . I also brought you this . - A Bible , huh ? - Yes , God 's holy Word . That 's all right , preacher . Hey , would you look at this . It 's in Spanish . Please read it , Eddie . Yeah , I 'll read it . May I have your word , Eddie ? If Eddie Martinez tell you he 's gonna do something , he 's gonna do something . Now , I 'm gonna read this . I believe you , Eddie . May the Lord speak to you . Yeah , preacher . You 're a good egg . Via con Dios . Eddie , there is something I must tell you . Jesus is coming back soon to set up His earthly kingdom . The requirement though , to enter this kingdom , is that we must be absolutely perfect , and without sin . Well , that leaves me out of that party . No one is without sin , Eddie . Not one . All of us face eternal judgement , and seperation from God . This is why we must receive Jesus Christ into our lives as Lord . He is the only one Who lived a perfect life , and thus became the substitute for our sins . For me too ? Yes . For you too . He rose from the dead , proving He was God . And He wants to save us from the penalty of our sins , and give us eternal life . But we must first individually receive Him , Eddie . This is what it means to believe in Jesus . Wow .. you know ? No one ever quite explained it to me like that before . God wants us to be reconciled to Himself . So much so , that He gave His only Son to die for us . It is all in this book , Eddie . I pray that you will consider what I 'm saying . Yeah . Good night , Eddie . Hey , preacher ! Hey , listen . I gotta confess to you something . You know earlier when I gave you my word that I was gonna read this book ? Well ... I was lyin ' . But that was before . Now I give you my word from my heart , that I 'm gonna read this book . God bless you , Eddie . Génesis . Come on , Norris . Hurry . Carlisle ! In a hurry to go somewhere ? Gentlemen , do not come any closer . You must leave here immediately . - There 's not much time . - Not much time for what ? I 'm afraid I 'm not allowed to explain . You must leave immediately . We 've had enough of your little secrets , Carlisle . I want the truth , and I want it now . I highly advice you to leave this area at once . I 'm taking you down town for some questioning , unless you 're telling us what 's going on , right now . I appreciate your concern , but you must undertsand I have not hurt anyone . Nor do I intend to . Now please , for your own safety .. We 're not leaving , Carlisle . But there 's not much time ! You keep sayin ' that . Not much time for WHAT ? For Jesus . Jesus is coming . - Jesus is coming ? - Yes , yes . I believe Jesus is coming , and it 's any moment now . Don 't you think you 're taking this a little too far ? Look , that 's enough , Carlisle . You 're coming down town . No , you see , gentlemen . I 'm a messenger sent from the Lord . - A messenger from the Lord ? - Yes . And I 've been sent to warn you that Jesus is coming . Look , Carlisle . Don 't make us use force . Gentlemen , as I have said : Jesus is coming . Look . It 's time ! I think we just missed the rapture . Norris , you 're still here ! Oh , thank the Lord ! Yes , my friend . You 've only been gone for a few moments . Norris , the future . Oh my heavens . Where does one begin ? It is incredible ! But sin abounds . The Lord is not feared . Morals have replaced Christ , and with liberal teachings . The families are in disarray . No authority . No respect . The world lives without Jesus , while the church seems to be filled with professing Christians who do not follow the Lord they claim to believe . Yes . It appeared to be this way . I was wrong in my thinking . Very wrong , Norris ! To seperate the authority of Jesus from His teachings is indeed deadly . As I have just witnessed the end result . Yes . It will lead many astray . I 'm so sorry I doubted you , my friend . It took great courage to do what you did . And I am forever greatful . Remember , Russell . I had the advantage . I had already seen the future . This machine is truly amazing . We have been given a great privilege . We must use it for good . Yes , indeed . Well ... I have some crucial rewriting to do , sir . I understand . Norris ? I believe I was witnessing the last days . Did you ever see how far this machine would send someone into the future ? I figured traveling into the future over a 100 years , would be about as much changes we could endure . But to directly answer your question ... No . No , I have not . I 'm very happy to hear that she is better . Pleasy excuse my tradiness , gentlemen . Well , dr . Carlisle . Nice of you to join us . Dr. Butler . Yes , we were beginning to wonder . Dr. Wiseman . And my sincerest apologies , dean . Dr. Carlisle . I have asked for another meeting as I would like you to please read through the revisions I 've made to the manuscript . I 've already informed the publisher that these changes were necessary . And they look forward to meeting with you at your earliest convenience . Are these revisions a result of your conversation with dr . Anderson ? This is the result of the Lord opening my eyes a little more to His glorious truth . Very well , then . We 'll all review the changes , and call another meeting . Thank you , sir . And good day , gentlemen . Good day . Dr. Carlisle , I 've noticed you 've the title of your book to : " Time Changer " . Yes , sir . I believe that times must change . Or the time as we know it will end . Good day , gentlemen . Roger . Yes ? Please come here for a moment . I have a small gift for you . - A gift for me ? - Yes . Please come . Here you are . Your very own marbles to play with . Thank you , sir ! We should also be properly introduced . I know your name is Roger , and my name is mr . Carlisle . - Nice to meet you , mr . Carlisle . - Pleasure is mine . There is something else I wanted to say to you , Roger . Last week when I scolded you about stealing the marbles , I told you that stealing is wrong , and it is . But I neglected to tell you the person who said that stealing is wrong . Jesus commands us , not to steal from each other . - Do you know who Jesus is ? - Not exactly . No one has ever explained to you about Jesus and what He did ? No , sir . Well , then . I have some very exciting news for you , Roger . Jesus is our God . He is the one Who has created us , and gives us life and our every breath . He came to this earth almost 1900 years ago , for a very specific task . He wants to enable us to live forever with Him , in Heaven . Norris ? I believe I was witnessing the last days . Did you ever see how far this machine would send someone into the future ? YEAR 2200 YEAR 2100 YEAR 2100 YEAR 2090 YEAR 2090 YEAR 2080 YEAR 2080 YEAR 2070 Gentlemen , please hear me . Satan is not against good moral . He is opposed to Jesus Christ . A man can have good morals his entire life , yet you and I know he will go to hell when he dies . I think we can use morals to attract people to the Lord . Yes . But the ultimate issue when Christianity is the authority of Christ , and the devil is attacking this authority by convincing us to teach morals alone . Look at our families . They are weakening . Records are showing that over five percent of marriages end in divorce . And now young people are becoming more disrespectful . Now , I believe that this is a direct result of eliminating the authority of Jesus Christ from His commands . Doctor , I cannot change the policy . Such endorsements must be unanimous . This is why I have arranged a journey for you . A journey ? For me ? Yes . Into the future . No time for God 's people ? We all need accountability and encouragement from each other . Hey , Eddie Martinez is a good guy . You ask anybody . Yes , this is important . We should all strive to be good people towards our fellow man . But if one seperates oneself from a local fellowship of believers , it makes it difficult to live for the Lord . You do understand that stealing is a sin ? Says who ? There was something about her . Something I wanted . The peace . The joy . The man on the screen just blasphemed the name of the Lord ! It 's not that big a deal , Carlisle . It 's just a movie . I ain 't no angel , but I ain 't ever cheated or lied , or shot anybody . Ask people . Eddie Martinez is a good guy . I 'm sick and tired of people telling me what I can and cannot do . It 's not like we 're hurting anyone . So why don 't you chill out . This is a public school . You can 't talk about religion in class . No religion talked to the students ? No . Do you want me to lose my job ? In these last few days I have come to realize how wrong I was , in thinking that we could reform society through the teachings of the Lord , without the Lord of the teachings . It says in the Bible that : " The fear of God is the beginning of wisdom . " If people don 't hold reverence for the Lord . What can we expect ? Satans goal is to remove the name of Christ from His commands . And when we do this , people are deceived into thinking if they live a good life they will receive God 's approval and attain Heaven . The truth is that all of us will live forever . And we will either spend eternity in the presence of our Lord , or in a place of darkness , the Bible calls the lake of fire . If you have not , please give your life to Jesus Christ right now . Your eternity will depend on it .
