 Previously on The X Files ... I can 't truly believe I 'm really standing here . You found someone left for dead , but who is not dead . This is insanity . We saw the same body . Mulder wasn 't just dead , he 'd been dead for days . Blood , electrolyte imbalances , loss of brain function- - I strongly believe that Mulder is infected with the alien virus . Somehow you healed these people , and I want to know how you did it . You ask for my help , but you refuse to believe in me . If we can stabilize him and his temperature , we can give him courses of antivirals . I think it could work . Stop right there ! Freeze ! Put your hands in the air ! Freeze ! Put your hands in the air ! I need to tell the president something ! Wait ! I need to tell the president something ! Down on the ground ! - Now ! - I need to see the president ! He needs to know ! Look , he needs to know ! Aliens ... Aliens- - they 're taking over the United States ! He needs to know ! He 's got a weapon ! Get the weapon ! Get the weapon ! He 's shot . He shot himself . Stupid son of a bitch won 't ... Get a medic ! Get a medic ! Please , the president . The intruder 's in custody . Stand down . Mulder , you okay ? Yeah . For a guy who was , uh ... in a coffin not too long ago , I think I 'm doing pretty damn good . Don 't quite have my legs under me ... yet . Well , you might want to consider sitting down when you hear what we have to tell you . Uh-oh . No , it 's , uh ... it 's good news . It 's ... it 's miraculous news . I can 't possibly exaggerate the inconceivability of you sitting here . Let 's be honest , your condition may be more incredible than your recovery . Whatever neurological disorder you were suffering from , it 's no longer detectable . After a course of transfusions and antivirals , it has rid your body of the virus that was invading it . The scars on your face , on your hands , on your feet , on your chest- - they-they seem to be repairing themselves . Mulder , you are in perfect health . Wow . How do you feel , Agent Mulder ? Like Austin Powers . Must feel good to be home . Something looks different . It 's clean . Ah ... that 's it . Missing a molly . Yeah . She wasn 't as lucky as you . Mulder ... I don 't know if you 'll ever understand what it was like . First learning of your abduction ... and then searching for you and finding you dead . And now to have you back and ... Well , you act like you 're surprised . I prayed a lot . And my prayers have been answered . In more ways than one . Yeah . I 'm happy for you . I think I know ... how much that means to you . Mulder ... I 'm sorry . I don 't mean to be cold or ungrateful . I just ... I have no idea where I fit in right now . I just , uh ... I 'm having a little trouble processing ... everything . It 's Marion the Librarian , boys . I got the new Harry Potter . Our Lord and Savior . For you . I 've got my books . Expand your horizons . I know all I need to know . Want to bet ? Put a rise in your Levi 's . Our top story is the death of a man who jumped the fence at the White House last evening , his name now released . Howard Salt , a federal employee working on the U.S. Census , got as far as the White House front door yesterday , where he was stopped by security and shot accidentally by his own gun . According to a Secret Service spokesman , Salt appeared to be irrational and resisted arrest , shouting unspecified grievances against the U.S. Government and demanding to speak with the president . Coworkers describe him as likable and hardworking ... We never see them coming . People are so rarely what they seem . Gentlemen , please , sit down . An application was submitted to me this morning by Agent Scully on behalf of our old friend , Fox Mulder , for reinstatement . I assume you both know about this . Reinstatement ? To the X Files . I thought Mulder just went home . Well , somebody 's very anxious for him to get back to work . I wanted you both to see this before I deny the application . What is it ? It 's a review of the success rate of your X Files since Agent Doggett joined the team . Damn impressive , John . Impressive , sir ? The only thing impressive about my work on the X Files is that I even know what 's going on half the time . From this report , you and Agent Scully have had more arrests on percentage than she and Mulder over seven years . Take a look . Well , that 's not very fair to Agent Mulder . So many of his cases involve ... Aliens ? There lies the problem . The FBI isn 't a place for personal crusades . I 'm asking you both to make that understood . On my behalf . Well , you can 't ask me to tell Mulder he 's off the X Files . It 's his unit . He created it . I 'm not asking you , John . You sent me to find Mulder . I found him . Don 't charge me with driving a stake through his heart . Maybe you 'd rather I close the X Files . Then we 'd both be getting what we want . Let 's go , Agent Doggett . Now . Kersh wants to put me behind a desk ? That is not what Kersh wants . No , I think Kersh wants you to quit , Mulder . It 's more than that . He wants to punish you , to hurt you . And you , by putting you in this position . And Agent Scully , for not giving up on me . Truth is , this is a bullet that was fired about eight years ago . It 's a magic bullet that 's been going round and round , and right now it seems poised to hit me right in the back of the head . I think the question is , Mulder : are we going to sit here and let this happen ? Scully , you 're going to give birth in a couple months . You can talk as tough as you like , but you know and I know and they know that , in a little while , you 're going to have more important things than whether or not the X Files remains open . They 're not closing the X Files . Kersh aims to keep them open with Agent Doggett running them . Agent who ? I 've had a partner for the last several months . He was assigned to help me find you . Mission accomplished . Does he know what he 's doing at all , this guy ? About the paranormal ? - Not much . - I see . Then maybe the question is not who fired this magic bullet , but whether or not it was a lone gunman . Agent Doggett is above reproach , Mulder . He 's being maneuvered just like you . Well , good . At least he 's maneuverable . Where are you going ? Going to get dressed . For the first time , I feel like getting back to work . Wrap it up ! Fall in ! Let 's go , ladies . Stay in line . Let 's go . Get back in line ! Go get that son of a bitch . Nobody move ! Stand down ! Stand down ! Get over here . Over here now . Come on , sit down . Hands behind your back . Head down . Down between your legs . Absalom . That 's your name , right ? - What are you looking at ? - The back of your neck . Sit up , Agent Doggett . I had to make sure . Make sure of what ? Make sure that you 're still you . Yeah , I 'm still me . So why don 't you put that weapon down . You see this ? Huh , do you see it ? " Man shot at the White House . " They killed him for what he knew . And they 'll kill me , too . Not if you put the weapon down . No . They 'll kill me anyway . I got one chance here . With you . Sit down . Didn 't I tell you to sit down ? I 'm not going anywhere . You 're going with me . And I 'm going to show you , and you are going to spread the word . Doubting Thomas is going to spread the word . What word ? The invasion has begun . What invasion ? They 're already here . Who 's already here ? Certain men have gone out among you and have withdrawn the inhabitants of their city , saying , " Let us go , and serve other gods that ye have not known . " I don 't know what that means . I open my mouth in parables . I utter things that have been kept secret from the world . On your knees , John Doggett . He goes by the name Absalom . A self-styled prophet Agent Scully and I apprehended in Montana , where he commanded members of a small UFO cult . These words were found on the wall of his cell after he escaped from a work detail 40 miles from the state prison . Now , we don 't know they mean , but Absalom claimed to have knowledge of an alien invasion . There were also claims of healings of numerous abductees that had been subjected to alien torture . Claims that have never been substantiated or refuted . But evidence of torture was real . Now , the only way we 're going to get answers is to bring this guy in . Just know the man that you 're looking for is dangerous . He 's a felon , and he is capable of physical violence . All right , that 's it . Where the hell is Agent Doggett ? I can 't reach him . I can 't run this thing , Agent Scully . This is obviously an X Files case . I know . And I 'm all over it . I will find him . I don 't know if this is going to make you feel any better . Hey . Mulder . Who says you can 't go home again ? What are you doing here ? - What 's it look like ? - It looks like you want to give them real ammunition to use on you ; that 's what it looks like . Hey , I am just down here visiting my buds . Where is this Agent Doggett anyway ? What kind of hours does he keep ? Please , you do not want to stir that up right now . - Why ? - Because we have a manhunt in progress , and I want Agent Doggett running it . Anything to do with this ? This Absalom abductee class picture ? Yes ... it does . Why ? Because I noticed that the man who was shot on the White House lawn is one of the men in that photograph . Top right-hand corner . In profile . Howard Salt , if I 'm not mistaken . He 's right . You 're right . Consider that a freebie . Next one 's going to cost you . - Why ? What else do you know ? - Oh , I don 't know anything . But you know me , I got a real big hunch . This Howard Salt was a multiple alien abductee , worked for the U.S. Census Bureau . Wanted to get word to the president , unspecified grievances . What do you want to bet those grievances were ? You think he knew something ? I think they killed him for it . The man jumped the White House fence . He had a gun . Once again , I 'm a betting man . I 'm betting he had more than that . Mulder , you make it sound like this was a conspiracy . Ooh . There 's that word again . You 're being paranoid , Mulder . Even for you . Do you want to hear something really paranoid ? The FBI gets its way , there 's going to be nobody down here to ask the paranoid questions . Nobody to find those faces in those photographs . Surely not this Agent Doggett . Just what do you have in mind , if you don 't mind my asking ? It 's my head that 's going to get blown off if there 's a screwup . We 're going to get what that man at the White House died for . To get it ? To get it where ? You just concentrate on not screwing up , Agent Doggett . Either way , you and I are going to become overnight sensations . Mulder , I know you know this , but if anything leaves this room , you could be in violation of the law . Really ? When I was dead , I was hoping maybe they changed the rules . Mulder , just being here could be used by Kersh as cause for dismissal . Then why don 't you shut the door so he doesn 't find out . I just don 't know what you 're hoping to find in Howard Salt 's personal effects . Neither do I , really . But maybe it 's like Howard Salt 's picture- - I 'll know it when I see it . So you 'll risk the consequences even though there may be nothing here ? You don 't get it , do you , Scully ? The man shot at the White House , the prison escapee- - there 's something bubbling to the surface here . I want to know what it is . Mulder , you 've been through an ordeal that defies all logical explanation . How can you think that these two men have the answers when they defy all standard of credibility ? And since when has an X File not defied a certain standard of credibility ? At least that 's the way it used to work . Look , Scully , I-I need to make sense of what happened to me , so that I can stop it . Because if I can 't stop it , it could happen to anyone . Could happen to you . And who 's to say it 's going to stop there ? Mulder , if you go down , the X Files will go down , too . I mean , theoretically , they could put you in prison for what you 're doing here . Yeah , well , compared to where I just was , prison would be a Princess Cruise . Oh . Hey . What the hell is this ? The entire hard drive is taken up with this . Ten gigabytes of memory . - It 's been encrypted . - Mm . What are you doing ? I 'm going to book myself on that Princess Cruise . I 'll book it for you . State your name and your business . Special Agent John Doggett , FBI . I hope you know , I got no idea where I 'm going down here . I just need access to wherever they compile all the available data from the current U.S. Census . And then what ? Then you pick up the phone , you tell the FBI why you aren 't coming to work until somebody pays us some serious attention . Just so you 're not surprised , we might not make it that far . We passed through an X-ray scanner on the way in here back at the gate . Well , you better hope we make it . I 'd hate to see you die in vain . That 's sort of in your hands , huh ? So just in case , how about you tell me what 's in this facility that 's worth me dying for . It 's all in the Census data . - What ? - Proof . That they 're already here . That they 're already among us . It 's all in there . I got a loaded gun pointed at this man 's head ! He 's an FBI agent ! Listen to him ! Just back off ! - I 'll pull the trigger ! - Listen to the man ! Back off ! Lower your weapons ! Listen to him ! May not be the best way , but it 's certainly one way to catch an escaped convict . I 'll give you that , Agent Doggett . I 'd just as soon stick to the old-fashioned way , sir . Shot was a little too close for comfort . You say this man claimed the U.S. Census Bureau had data , information that he was after that connects to this man who was shot on the White House lawn ? Proof , he said , that they were here among us- - whoever they are . Sir . Agent Mulder . Is this John Doggett ? You Agent Doggett ? I hope you 're not commending him as a hero for what he did ... Agent Mulder , back off . Just back off ! ... in this thing , 'cause he 's not . I 'm not about to referee a boxing match . Just what 's the problem here ? Problem ? You occupy an office that used to be devoted to finding the truth , and now you 're busy burying it ; that 's the problem . Whoa , you must 've got your wires crossed somewhere , Agent Mulder . You got that man killed . I got him killed ? Because of what he knew , what he was going to expose . You see this , Agent Mulder ? I see you sitting there , Agent Doggett . That 's good enough for me . You got to understand what he 's been through . I mean , now he 's back , and you 're ... You know , it 's really not fair . You 've been dead for six months , and you still look better than me . But not by much . Melvin . I 'd be a whole lot happier to see you if you 'd just take your hands off my ass . Sorry . I think it goes without saying that we 're all , uh , tremendously relieved . And not just because we have big questions about your involvement in a certain blessed event . So much for playing a hunch , Mulder . The , uh , Gunmen were able to decrypt the data that you found on Howard Salt 's hard drive . It was a series of file directories that were downloaded the day that he died . Downloaded from where ? The FSC , the Federal Statistics Center . A government information bank used by the U.S. Census Bureau , where your Mr. H. Salt worked . All right , what are you waiting for , boys ? Get cracking . Unless you think we 're all idiots , it 's only Langly who 's the idiot . Don 't make it like it 's my hacking skills , Frohike . I 've never seen such a radical counter-defensive . 15 minutes after Howard Salt was shot at the White House , firewalls went up on every data bank at that very facility . Well , why do that ? Because I 'm right . Because they would kill to protect what 's in those files . Unless you got a password , we don 't see any way short of that of getting ahold of this data . And the thing is , even if you have a pass code , you 'll still have to break into the FSC just to use it . We all agree , you 're going to have to let this one go . Oh . I see . Somebody 's been doing a little campaigning for her cause . Well , just remember , boys , this is America . Just because you get more votes doesn 't mean you win . Your name came up today , John . Folks are all worked up . They say you dodged a bullet . You can 't dodge what you don 't see coming , Knowle , that 's for sure . That should tell you something about who you 're dealing with . Who am I dealing with ? NSA ? Secret Service ? Military ? Who ? You know better than that , John . They shot the man in cold blood . Didn 't even stop to ask him his name . Way I hear it , he made it too easy . Taking a federal agent hostage in a government facility . They 'd have shot him anyway . Without a doubt . Why ? You and I have been friends a long time , John . I tell you things . But this is a whole other level . Don 't give me that doublespeak crap , Knowle . I 'm being accused . Accused ? Of what ? Of being used to get that man killed . Well , that 's insane . Oh , is it ? Maybe I am being used , and I just don 't know it . That 's what I want to know from you . Can 't tell you that , John . But I can tell you something . One thing you already know . These men are very good shots . What don 't I know ? Three words . Hold up ! Agent Doggett ? Yeah . Could you wait a minute ? Agent Scully , I 'm sorry to surprise you . I don 't mean to . What are you doing here at this hour ? You 're freezing cold . I got something for Agent Mulder , only I can 't go up there . I don 't know him , and I know he doesn 't trust me , so I 'm going to ask you to get it to him . What do you have to give him ? Information about this escaped convict who took me hostage . One of his disciples was the man shot on the White House lawn . Yeah , Agent Mulder knows that already . What he doesn 't know is that man had a computer diskette that he was trying to get to the president . Who gave you this information ? I can 't tell you that , but what I can tell you is ... is this diskette was labeled with a pass code . You have this , this password ? It 's three words ... " Fight the future . " Scully , what are you doing back ? Did something just happen ? I 'm , um ... I 'm not exactly sure I should tell you , Mulder . Scully , if you know something that can get us moving forward again , you need to tell me . Yeah , who is it ? Skinner . Open up , Agent Doggett . What are you doing here ? I got a call from Agent Scully . She 's at her apartment , completely beside herself . Over what ? Mulder somehow got hold of a computer password to a database filled with secrets . What kind of secrets ? Names of people the federal government is tracking using the U.S. Census . Names of people who have a certain genetic profile . It 's the same information he believes the shooter at the White House knew about . Also the guy that took you hostage . You said Scully was upset . That Mulder was going to act on this information in some way that ... What ? You know about this ? I gave Scully the password . Where 'd you get it ? I can 't tell you that . You know , I 'm starting to wonder about you , too , John . Just whose side you are working on here . I 'm starting to wonder about that myself . You said Scully 's at her apartment . What 's the number there ? That 's why I 'm here . I can 't get ahold of them- - either one of them- - and I have no idea where they went . Where are you going ? I can 't tell you that , either . If I open up my mouth , I put you at risk . You 're going to have to trust me on this . Come on . What are you doing here ? Where 's Agent Mulder ? He wouldn 't listen to me . Get out of here . Get going . I can 't do that to him . Then do it for yourself . Look ... I think I may have set you up . - What ? - You just get out of here now and I 'll explain it to you later . No , you explain it to me now . Set us up how , and with whom ? The same men that shoot first and ask questions later . Agent Doggett ! Frohike ? Langly ? Byers ? Let 's go . I 'm dying out here . Well , let us just finish our cappuccino and biscotti , and we 'll see what we can do . You can start walking now , Mulder . Is the system bypassed ? You 'll know if it 's not . Great . Smile , buddy boy . The eye in the sky is watching . We 're going to be watching Mulder get busted if I don 't find that override circuit . Everything 's under control , Mulder . Just hold tight . Okay , got it ! And voila ! Come on , guys . I 'm on autopilot here . Go left , Mulder . There should be a pair of glass doors about a hundred yards up . According to our information , those doors will lead you straight into the data bank . Hey , who 's working on the locks , fellas ? Stand by . There you go . Mulder , there ought to be two workstations in the middle of the room . Either one will give you access to the data . Let 's do some e-mailing . Agent Mulder , get out of there ! Agent Mulder ! Mulder ? What the hell 's that ? Your life 's in danger if you don 't get out now ! Just a fly buzzing around the window . Agent Mulder , get out . You 're coming with me . I 'm here to save you , whatever you may think . I think you 're trying to keep this information from ever seeing the light of day , just like you did once before , Agent Doggett ; that 's what I think . Agent Mulder , I don 't even know what that information is . Well , you 're about to , along with a lot of other people . Going to learn that they 've been targeted , because of their genetic profiles , for abduction and replacement by alien facsimiles . What do you say we start off with The Washington Post , huh ? You can believe whatever you want , but that information is never going to make it out of here . What are you going to do , shoot me ? Hello . Something 's wrong . What are you talking about ? I think we 've been set up . You have to get Mulder out of there . Right now , that 's basically impossible . Uh-oh . Mulder ? Better start typing fast . Why ? The cavalry just arrived . You son of a bitch , you set me up . No . Get him out of there , Gunmen . We 're working on it . Come on , Agent Mulder . Get out of here ! Hey , get off of me ! If I set you up , I wouldn 't be here trying to convince you to go . They 're coming to kill you ; they 're going to kill me , too . That 's the set up . Mulder , I think you better listen to the man . They got the data trapped , and I can 't get it uploaded , let alone start transmission . What is happening , Byers ? ! I 'm trying to figure that out . Mulder , are you there ? Yeah , I 'm here . It 's looks like there 's really , uh ... no good way out of there . Uh ... Except ... Except what ? ! It 's a long shot , but ... worth a try , especially given the alternative . Here 's what you do . You got two minutes , Knowle . Two minutes to give me one good reason why I shouldn 't put your name in lights . Why I shouldn 't expose you for the lying bastard you are . Hey , John , nice knowing you . See that man across the park ? You walk , that man puts your name on all the wrong desks . I get it , John . You asked me for information , I tell you what I can . What you do with it is out of my hands . You knew what I would do with it . That 's why you gave it to me . You expose me and then what ? Where are you going to get your answers ? 'Cause you 're standing on the tip of the iceberg , my friend . You 're full of crap . Am I ? What is it you think those men were trying to protect ? Census data ? You need me worse than you know . I don 't need someone using me to get another man killed . You think this about Mulder . It 's about the truth , John . What truth ? You got it all right in front of you . It 's all in the X Files . I 'm just one man trying to point you in the right direction . I made this !
