 Happy . Stop that . Hap . What 's with her all of a sudden ? Don 't you look at my letters . For gosh sakes . Read ' em and weep , my dear . Seven letters . 50 bonus points . Darren ... Get in the basement . What are you going to do ? Just do what I say . I got a gun . Stop ! Hey . Sorry . I didn 't mean to scare you . They told me I 'd find you inside . Yeah , I was out back talking to the detective in charge . You 're the expert here , Monica . Everyone 's waiting to hear what you have to say on this . What do we know ? Darren and Evelyn Mountjoy , married 32 years , three kids , five grandkids . Not an enemy in the world . That 's their dog out front . Neck 's broken . From the footprints in the mud , best guess is , we 're looking for two perps . Nothing stolen from the house . Nothing at all to suggest motive . It all fits the profile , right ? This thing is staged to look like some kind of satanic ritual . Placing victims in a murder - suicide posture is ritualistic , and this word is undoubtedly satanic . " Daemonicus . " It means " Satan " in Latin . Or " daemoniacus " - - demon possession . And it 's worth 50 extra points . That 's why they were posed like this , so we 'd think that these folks were possessed , right ? That would be the textbook explanation . I 'll let them know . This may be something else . Which is what ? Hey , you say anything you want about satanic ritual , but don 't tell me you think the Devil did this , 'cause we got prints on the lawn out there . This case ain 't even close to being an X File . Something strange happened in here just before you came in . I can 't explain it . What ? Dr. Dana Scully . I have just been assigned to the Academy as a forensic investigator . For the past eight years , I was part of a unit known as the X Files . Some of you may have heard of it . Ever slay a vampire ? Sorry to disappoint you , but this is a course in forensic pathology . Hard science . An X File is a case that has been deemed unsolvable by the Bureau . Because such a case cannot be solved , it may beg other explanations . A vampire , perhaps . Science , however , tells us that evil comes not from monsters , but from men . It offers us the methodology to catch these men . And only after we have exhausted these methods should we leave science behind to consider more ... extreme possibilities . What 'd you find ? I asked Agent Scully for her expertise on this . Looks like we can rule out the Exorcist after all . And why is that ? There 's adhesive residue on Mrs. Mountjoy 's wrists and face . Can you see that ? She was taped and bound and then shot at a range of ten to 12 feet with her husband 's handgun . The husband shot her . He was tricked into it . That 's what we were thinking . Some kind of sick game . Well , there 's also evidence of fingerprint bruising along his collarbone . They held him down . Shot him in his chair . Again , we 're looking for two guys . The snakes appear to be purely symbolic . They 're a nonvenomous species collected locally . They were sewn postmortem into the body cavity with household thread by someone who appears to have surgical skill . You 've made a lot of headway . But there 's something else . There 's something that you 're not saying . When I was alone in that house this morning , I had the strong feeling I was in the presence of evil . Look , Monica , the only reason we were called in on this thing is you 've investigated hundreds of these kinds of cases . And not once did I find anything to support evidence of genuine satanic activity . I 'm saying . I 've never felt this before . Excuse me . John Doggett . Agent Scully , have you ever sensed what I 'm talking about ? I 've felt things that I couldn 't understand . Things I was afraid to admit even to myself . And what did you do ? I learned not to ignore it . To trust my instincts . Yeah , thanks . What is it ? Mental hospital , a hundred miles from here . They think one of their patients did this . We 're pretty shaken up . We 're still trying to determine how he could 've escaped . Why do you think this escaped patient Kenneth Richman was involved in these murders ? Dr. Richman was committed here because he killed three patients . He had sewn strychnine tablets into their stomach lining in surgery . The police believe two men committed this crime , Dr. Samson . Two men ? Do you have any idea who the second man might be ? No . He didn 't exactly keep pen pals . Did Dr. Richman display any knowledge of satanic lore or speak of demonic possession ? No . He was perfectly cogent . He didn 't suffer from those kinds of delusions . I 'm not really asking about delusions . When you last spoke to him , did he seem himself ? Seem himself ? I mean , did he display a personality other than his own- - speak in tongues or any language he didn 't know ? You 're asking me if he was possessed ? This is the 21st century , Ms. Reyes . We stopped looking a long time ago for demons to explain mental illness . I 'm not really talking about mental illness . Dr. Samson ? Excuse me a moment . You know , Monica , a room here just came open . You heard what she said . Dr. Richman didn 't know anything about satanic ritual . And that proves he was possessed ? You explain to me how else he commits a crime that 's a perfect example of it . Well , let 's try the obvious : it was his accomplice . Agents ? I , uh , think the man you 're looking for might be Paul Gerlach . Is he a patient here ? No . He 's a guard . He 's been with us 12 years , and no one can find him . Who would be the last person who saw them together ? Mr. Kobold , my name is John Doggett . This is Monica Reyes . We 're with the FBI . The patient in the cell next to yours escaped last night . Did you see or hear anything ? You shared the same guard , Mr. Kobold . Do you know anything about their relationship , why he would 've helped him to escape ? You mean , did the guard force the patient to escape ... or did the patient force the guard ? Or are they both of one mind ... like a snake ... eating its own tail ? You know something about this , Mr. Kobold ? If you do , we need your help to stop them before they hurt more people . You 're too late for that . If you 're afraid to help us , Mr. Kobold , we can protect you . No harm will come to you . Do you believe in the power of the Devil , Mr. Doggett ? I believe that the Devil 's a story made up to scare people . Then how can you possibly protect me ? Consider the source , Monica . He 's been calling for Agent Doggett for the past hour . He 's extremely agitated . Has he said why ? He keeps saying , " Prince of the Apostles " over and over again ; I don 't know what it means . I 've had to restrain him for his own safety , and I thought it best not to sedate him till you speak to him . Mr. Kobold , it 's John Doggett . He 's speaking to me ... whispering in my ear . What 's he saying to you , Mr. Kobold ? He 's ... killed again . Who ? I-I don 't know . But I can show you . You can 't know what it feels like ... being free of that cage , to see the sky above me . All right , where is he , Mr. Kobold ? There . I can take you . That 's far enough . Take him back to his cage now . Agent Reyes . You think he 's making it up ? Uh , yeah . That was a pretty convincing show back there . He 's playacting , Monica . Just ' cause he 's good at it doesn 't make it true . Why do it ? Maybe he wants some fresh air . Maybe he gets off sending the FBI on snipe hunts . I don 't think that 's it . That 's the security guard- - Paul Gerlach . It appears he was shot in the chest . His body was staged postmortem , just like the others . Someone likes to play games . Or not . " Prince of the Apostles " - - Kobold kept repeating it in his cell . St. Peter . He was said to have been crucified upside-down . A symbol later adopted by the Satanists to mark the power of the Antichrist . Which you take as proof the Devil possessed the surgeon and somehow put him in contact with Kobold . It 's part of the literature . He could be a medium , a willing host for Satan communicating with Kobold . Well , that 's convenient . He brought up the Devil and the snakes . No one told him the details of the crime , and yet he knew . That 's ' cause he planned it . I pulled his file . This guy 's a master manipulator . He was a history professor at the University of Miami committed for grinding up six coeds that he tricked into his basement . He used their flesh as fertilizer in his garden . If Kobold 's part of this , then why is he still behind bars ? Why not escape when he had the chance ? I don 't know yet . You believe this guy , Agent Scully ? I haven 't formed an opinion about it yet , actually . That 's great . Just great . Where are you going , Monica ? This man Kobold can help us , John . I 'm going to prove it to you . Professor . You found the body . Yes . Professor Kobold , we need your help to find him before anyone else gets hurt . I can 't . You can 't or you won 't ? I can 't ... in here . He whispers to me in a thousand voices , but they 're so hard to hear . What can we do ... to help you hear ? I need a larger room . One with space and windows to see the sky . You 're not going along with this , are you- - giving this guy what he wants ? That was my general idea , yeah . You 're making a mistake . Look , even if you 're right , even if this man is faking it , he can help us . I 'm not willing to turn my back on that . Are you ? This is Officer Custer . He 's going to keep an eye on you . I 'm familiar with Officer Custer . Right outside the door if you need anything , Professor . Agent Reyes believes me , but you don 't , Mr. Doggett . Doesn 't matter what I believe . I 'm wondering why a skeptic such as yourself would accept assignment to an obscure unit of the FBI devoted exclusively to the investigating of paranormal phenomena . You been checking up on me , Professor ? Ordinarily , men don 't pursue occupations against their own inclination unless there 's some strong countervailing reason- - seeking the love or approval of a woman , perhaps . Agent Reyes may have affection for you ... but you for her ? Of course , it could be someone else , or something else , some ... dark secret from your past ... That 's enough . ... an unsolved tragedy for which you feel responsible , in some morbid way you haven 't even admitted to yourself . Perhaps you feel that chasing ghosts will answer the questions which damn you . I don 't have time for this . Tell me if he says anything . Agent Doggett . Agent Reyes . Get Agent Reyes . He 's saying something . Medicus . " Medicus . " Physician . Dr. Samson ! John . Dr. Samson ? The syringes contain droperidol . That 's the same anti-psychotic medication that she was giving to Dr. Richman . He 's not the one calling the shots . You still think that it was Kobold ? This is not about demons . It 's not about demonic possession . It 's about men . Agent Doggett , have you considered that something else might be going on here ? I heard you say it , Agent Scully . I heard you tell a classroom full of FBI cadets . Most evil in the world comes from men . Yeah . But I also said that when science fails , we have to consider extreme possibilities . I know what you 're feeling . I know your frustration . But you can 't let it cloud your objectivity . Agent Reyes is thinking just what this guy Kobold wants her to think , and now you are , too . Professor , you done with this meal ? I brought you something , Professor . Something to read . It 's a monograph you wrote six years ago . You know the one I 'm talking about , Professor ? About the influence of Satan in Renaissance thinking . So , you 've found your proof . Circumstantial though it may be . You planned this whole thing . I want to know why . I 've been thinking a lot about you , Agent Doggett . You 're not answering my question , Professor . About why someone so ill-suited would draw this duty . Clearly , you have feelings for her . You ordered Dr. Richman to kill these people , didn 't you ? But you can 't compete with the long-lost Agent Mulder . His easy good looks , his Oxford education ... This is about you , Professor ! Mulder has what you can 't have , but you stumble forward , the flat-footed cop , thinking he can put handcuffs on a demon . Answer the question ! You want her , but she feels sorry for you . They both do . Guard ! Guard , we need a medic ! Guard ! We need a medic ! Guard ! She 's coming . As far as I can tell , physically , he 's fine . Of course he is . What brought this on ? The guy 's an expert in Satanic history . I-I confronted him on it . Which proves what ? Come on , Monica . You wanted to know who could stage a textbook example . This guy wrote the damn book . I can 't explain those voices we heard in his room , or this . It 's a trick . What if it 's ectoplasm ? Ectoplasm ? You 've heard of it , Agent Scully ? Agent Mulder used to refer to it as " psychic plasma , " a residual byproduct of telepathic communication . In theory , it would have inorganic properties that couldn 't be explained otherwise . So what are we talking now , the Ghostbusters ? If I 'm right , an analysis of this sample could prove whether he 's telling the truth or faking it . You can throw that crap away , 'cause I can tell you right now , this guy 's a liar . He 's playing a game . Well , then let 's just see how well he plays that game . Why ? So you can get suckered in even more ? Listen to you two ! Agent Doggett ... Listen , I 'm telling you , this guy threw this stuff up for our benefit . He knew exactly what you 'd say , he knew exactly what I 'd say . He even knew that the two of you would be so blinded by this hocus-pocus that you wouldn 't see what 's in front of your faces ! Agent Reyes is just trying to get to the truth , okay ? What are you doing ? Maybe this is a hoax . Maybe you 're right . But now you 're saying we should turn away from evidence ? It 's not like you , John . I don 't understand why . I already told you why . Scully . Agent Scully , I tried to reach you at Quantico . I 'm on my way back to D.C. What is it ? Kobold- - he told the guard he knows where we can find Dr. Richman to end this thing . Where ? Well , that 's just it- - it sounds like a joke . Another game . It 's a place called Happy Landing . Scully ? On the state road 710 , near Annandale . What are you talking about ? There 's an old marina there ; I pass it on my way home . In fact , I 'm almost there right now . State road 710 , near Annandale . All right , we 're going to meet you there . Where is she ? I don 't know , but I know who does . Where is she , Professor ? Game 's over , Mr. Doggett . Tell me where she is right now , you son of a bitch , or I swear to God I 'll kill you where you sit . John ... You 've lost . Where is she ? ! Agent Scully ? Agent Doggett , over here . I don 't understand . He held me at gunpoint until you arrived , and then he shot himself . It doesn 't make sense . Yes , it does . The game 's over . Joseph Kobold ! Stop there ! I am armed ! I will shoot ! Uncertainty . No matter how thorough the investigation , some doubts inevitably remain . Just as juries seek to convict beyond a reasonable doubt , the forensic investigator will seek conclusions supported by a preponderance of evidence . Rarely will you encounter a case where all of the variables , all of the open questions are fully answered . I 'll see you Monday . Have you filed your report on this case yet ? I was going to do it on my way home . We 'd rather you didn 't . We haven 't accounted for Kobold 's actions . Not all of them . But Agent Reyes told me that Kobold accessed information about all of us over the Internet . About Mulder , too . Well , that explains how he knew we 'd respond to the first killings- - why he staged them to look like satanic ritual to make sure that we would . He wanted us on the case . We know that . He bent everyone to think and do whatever he wanted . But we know all this already . It was a game . Every move was played out perfectly , except the last one . Not unless that was part of the game , too . What , to get shot in the back ? No . Kobold 's body still hasn 't been found . Kobold 's dead . Agent Doggett shot him . We all saw that . Did we ? Get back to Agent Reyes 's question . Why didn 't Kobold escape with the others when he had the chance ? Why ? Because he wanted to escape without anyone knowing that he 'd escaped , so that by the time it was discovered , he 'd be too far away for anyone to find him . Satan . Daemonicus- - the beginning and end of our case . A snake eating its own tail . We lost . Kobold told me so . He wanted us to see how brilliantly he played the game . How thoroughly we lost . The first victims , Darren and Evelyn Mountjoy . Chosen from the phone book . For what reason ? No reason , other than their names . And the third victim ? The doctor , Monique Samson . And the last- - the man whose body is at the bottom of that river . It 's not Kobold . The guard we assigned him- - the guard he knew he 'd have once we transferred him . Custer . Checkmate . Something still bothering you , Agent Reyes ? You don 't believe his explanation ? It all makes sense to me as far as it goes , but there 's something else . Something he 's afraid to explain . You mean that you felt the presence of evil ? No . I mean that he felt it , too . I made this !
