 Previously on Jeremiah ... Hey , Lee . Hey ! There 's a page missing out of Simon 's journal . My position 's been compromised . You have to bring me in . ( Markus ) : Valhalla sectoris starting to move . They 're reclaiming bases and building up their resources . This might be our last chance to put up a united front before they come after us . You 've got to hurry . You 've been followed . Come on ! No ! She 's hurt because of you and your god damned quest . Stay the fuck away from her , and stay the fuck away from me ! I 'm done , man . In the coming days , we will carve out the framework for our new country and a new future . ( Markus ) : The desires that unite us are greater than the forcesthat divide us . We have made mistakes , but we have learned from them , and what we have learned most is that we cannot trustour future to thosewho can only see the past . Hey , Dad . I 'm home . Not even hello ? I looked for you for 15 years , not knowing whether you were alive or dead , I finally find you , and you don 't even say hello ? I love you and I 've missed you and I 've wanted to see you for 15 years ... But I never wanted youanywhere near this place ... Because by coming here , you 've condemned the world . God help us both . ( Elizabeth ) : Don 't blame Jeremiah for this . Promise me . Please , Kurdy ? Promise me you 'll find him . Okay , I promise . I 'm trying , Elizabeth . God knows , I 'm trying . ( Helicopters approaching ) Aw , sh- - It 's been 15 years since a strange diseasewiped out all of the adults and left us kidsto fend for ourselves . Now I 'm moving ahead , through the past . * I Can 't Let Go * I 'm Holding Hope So Tight * It 's Hard To Breathe When the whole world falls * * I 'm Gonna Put The Stars Back Back up in the sky * * Let Them All Just Shine Down I 'm gonna try * * I Believe We 'll find the world together * * Through Your Eyes * That 's All I Can See * I Believe We 're looking at forever * * In A World Where we can be free * * I Believe ( Door opening ) Who 's that ? Hey ? Jeremiah ? Markus ? What the fuck are you doing here ? You know how you spent the last 15 years looking for Valhalla sector ? Yeah . I could 've saved you the trouble . They crashed the big meeting in St. Louis . They hit us with guns , bazookas , tear gas , TANKS , APVs , helicopters , rockets , and I 'm pretty sure at least one of them used really harsh language . Shit . So did you find your dad ? Yeah . I was right . He was here . But it wasn 't what you were expecting . I don 't know what I was expecting , Markus . I was so worried about finding him , it blinded meto everything else . I mean , every day I would wake up thinking , " today 's gonna be the day , " and at night I would go to sleep thinking , " maybe tomorrow . " It was always about the goal . Nothing wrong with that . It kept you alive . Yeah ... But the thing is I never thought aboutwhat happens afterward . You thought he 'd clasp you to his bosom , welcome you home , you 'd go fishing , and all would be right with the world . Yeah . I know that sounds pretty stupid . Not for someone who loved his dad as much as you . If I had five minutes with my dad again , I 'd be happy with just those five minutes . I wouldn 't think past that , because I wouldn 't care what happened after that , as long as I hadthose five minutes . ( Footsteps approaching ) Stop pushing . Erin ? Erin , is that you ? Yeah , it 's me . I 've got a question for you . Anyone have any spare toilet paper they can roll down here ? No . God says , " you 're late . " God says what ? You 're late . I 've been waiting here for almost an hour . Look , man , I 've got enough trouble . I don 't need somebody who thinks he 's God giving me shit . I 'm not God . Did I say I was God ? Look , you just said- - I said , " God said . " I just pass along what I 'm told . You want something to eat ? Thanks , but I 'll pass . Suit yourself . You live around here ? Just passing through , huh ? Like I said , I was waiting for you . This is whereI was told to wait , so this is where I was waiting . This is so fucked up . Look , what 's the best way out of here ? I need to travel east , but I don 't want to take the main roads . It 's too exposed . I don 't know . Oh , God doesn 't know the best way out of here ? Look , if you 're gonna make fun- - Look , I 'm just saying- - God knows the way out , but I don 't . All I know is what I 'm told to say , okay ? It 's not like having my ass plugged in to the World encyclopediaof knowledge . Does God know you say ass ? The reason I 'm here is to give you a message . You want to hear it or not ? You 've got a message ? Yes . For me from God ? You wanna hear it ? You might as well hit me with it , then , I gotta go . I 've got people to see and places- - God says ... He says , " stop running . " He says you 're not going to help your friend by running to him . If you want to help , you have to allow yourself to be given over to those who are chasing you . Who the hell are you ? Who sent you ? I told you . Don 't give me that God shit . Are you working for Valhalla sector ? Are you trying to fuck with me ? I 'm telling you the truth . I 'm not working for anybody . I swear . You think I like this shit ? I 'm just a guy like you . I eat , sleep , dream . I get beat up and I travel around from town to town selling this crap . I 'm just like you ... Except ... Once in a while , sometimes I 'll go weeks , even months with nothing , but then , either way ... Sometimes I get these ... Messages ... And I do what they say . You ever think about saying no ? Tried it . Don 't ask . It wasn 't pretty . So don 't kill the messenger , all right ? I don 't have a choice . I 'm just doing a job . ( Helicopters approaching ) God says , " catch you later . " And what was itexactly you thought you weretrying to accomplish ? I don 't know . It was just supposed to be a little family get-together . Later , we were going to go on one of those egg hunts , but Erin wouldn 't wear the bunny suit and I couldn 't find onethat fit me , and then , for no apparent reason , a bunch of party crashers started shooting at us ! Shoot ! Cooperationwill be rewarded . Resistancewill be punished . Would you likesomething to drink ? Yeah . In return , will yougive us the names of the other individualsinvolved in your attemptto overthrow the United Statesgovernment ? There is no United States government . There hasn 't been one in 15 years . This placeis the government . The lawfully establishedseat of power- - This place is a bad memory . This place is a testament to everything that was wrong with the old world , a triumph of brute force over basic humanity . Does it make it easierfor you to think of using that way ? Easier ? No . More honest ? Fuck , yeah . Except that it 's a lie . Is it ? Tell me your name . You won 't , because your job is to interrogate and intimidate . You have to be the voice of the machine , anonymousand without compassion . You still think so , Mr. Alexander ? Do I look like the monsteryou say I am ? I have no desire to harm you , but by the same token , I cannot help youunless you help me . Give us the namesof your associates who were not at the assembly or may have escaped . Give us their namesand their locations , and you willbe rewarded . Just ... Give us something . I can do that . How about this ? You want a picture of the future ? " Imagine a boot stamping on a human face forever . " That 's a quote , George Orwell , and nice boots you 've got there . Can I have that glass of water now ? Is that a no ? Hey ! Was that a no ? Come on . Let 's go . The President wants to see you . The President ? President of what ? The United States , Asshole . United States , Asshole ? USA . The initialsare still the same . Ah , there you are , son . Thank you for coming . I didn 't have much choice . Well , don 't take it personally . That 's how things are done around here . Only way we survived- - Discipline , order , following the rules . You can go now . Don 't get any ideas . There are five snipers in adjoining rooms watching every moveyou make . Kind of like having dinner with your girlfriend 's parents for the first time . I used to tend bar fresh out of college . Good , clean work . That 's when I learned how to talk to people , and how tolisten to them . You 've got to be a good listener . You don 't have any idea who I am , do you ? They seem to think that you 're the , uh ... President . William Emerson , 48th PRESIDENTof these United States . That 's what they used to call it before the Civil War , these united states . They only started calling it the United States after 600,000 of its sons died trying to define it ... But they made it what it had to be- - One nation , whole and indivisible . That 's what we 're trying to do now , Jeremiah , make the nation whole again . How can you be the president if the country didn 't vote for you ? Well , this is what remains of the structure of the United States government . Every four years , like clockwork , we have elections as mandated by the constitution . My guess is you 've got , what , a couple thousand people here ? So you being elected president by a handful of people , that 's not exactly democratic , is it ? America 's never been a democracy . We 're a republic . The people elect representatives to make decisions on their behalf . Even before the big death , elected officials were chosen by an ever smaller percentage of the population . You might say this is the logical conclusion to what was going on before . I 'm just saying that to the millions of us who grew up after the death , this ... You ... It 's all irrelevant . How do you plan on controlling millions of people with just a couple of thousand ? What we lack in numbers we make up for in firepower . All we need is one thing to solidify our position . Your father knows ... How the big death works . Now , we 've tried to figure it out , but so far , we 've come a 'cropper . We need the key to the virus . Your daddy , he 's refused to give it to us . We 've threatened him , rewarded him , given him lab space and enough ropeto hang ten people . Well , others say we didn 't go far enough ... But killing him wouldn 't do anybody any good , now , would it ? What we have to decide right now is what to do about you . See , your father is not expendable . We need his expertise . There are others who would say you are highly expendable ... But you 're his lastsurviving son . I imagine it 'd be a hard thing deciding between saving your son 's life ... And giving us the information we need , a hard thing indeed . Best if you talk him into doing the smart thing , Jeremiah . Best for everybody involved . You understand me , son ? Hey , uh ... They want meto talk to you , you know , to , uh ... Try to get you ... I didn 't mean to mess things up by coming here , Dad . I just missed you . Part of me ... I mean , I had to , because I needed to know if you were still alive , and I needed ... I just missed you , Dad . I wrote you . I wrote you all the time . I know . I know . Well ... You 've grown a bit since the last time I saw you . Well , I 'm a little taller , but I 'm still working on the growing part . Still stubborn . Why didn 't you come back , Dad ? Michael and me , we waited . Every time we heard a noiseat the window , we 'd run over , you know , thinking it was you . The lights went out . The food ran out . We walked . We started walking . We walked forever ... But Michael ... He was strong , Dad . You would 've been proud of Michael . Jeremiah ... He never gave up , see , and I just ... I turned my back on him . It was just for a second , dad . It was just a second , I swear , and I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . Jeremiah ... Jeremiah , the fact that you survived , one of you survived , is a miracle . I 'm not going to give you forgiveness , because none is required . You did nothing wrong , son . The fact that you are still alive is all that matters to me . I 'd given up hope , until Ezekiel told me- - Dad- - Oh ... I 'm sorry . I , uh ... I saw the soldiers outside and I thought there was trouble . Yeah , that 'd be me . Liberty , I 'd like you to ... Meet Jeremiah , my son . So you 're Jeremiah . Oh , well . What ... " Oh , well ? " What the hell is that supposed to mean ? I thought I 'd be more impressed . To hear Ezekiel talk , you 're 12 feet high and you shoot lightning bolts out of your butt . No lightning bolts , but I 'm a little taller when I 'm standing on my charisma . He 's got spirit . I do like that . I 'll take two . Jeremiah , I 'd like you to meet Liberty Kaufman , my assistant . Meaning I carry Petri dishes around and try not to break anything . The only reason I 'm here is because nobody else wanted the job . The only reasonyou 're here is because you 're the only one I trust . Which is kind of funny , considering I 'm not exactlyeasy to get along with . Really ? I 'm stunned . And I like to collect bright shinies , even when they 're not necessarily , you know , mine , and sometimes I start fires , small ones . It 's , you know , a thing I do . Hold it right there . God says this is your last chance . Keep running and you die , your friends die , everyone dies . Stop running . Stop running ! Don 't move ! That 's a long drop , Kurdy . You going to give it a try anyway , or you going to come quietly ? Cuff him . Wait for meat the chopper . I 'll be there in a second . Just want to havea private conversation . Okay , listen up . There 's only two ways this can end . The first way , I shoot you in the headand walk away . Yeah ? What 's the second ? You have to trust me . I 'll take the bullet . Damn it , Kurdy , you 're such an- - You sold us out ! I didn 't . I swear . Bullshit ! You were spying on us . You were keeping tabs on everything we were doing . I admit that . Yeah , well , bra-friggin ' - vo . You want to go ahead and admit you stole the page out of Simon 's journal ? It wasn 't the right time for you to find outabout the brothers , and I wasn 't reporting backto Valhalla sector , not completely , anyway . I gave them just enoughto keep them happy so they wouldn 't yank me out , but I wasn 't working for them . I was working for Jeremiah 's father . I didn 't know Devon was his dad , at least not at first , but I was playing both sides of the street , trying to protect Jeremiah , Markus , everybody at the mountain , including you . Look , I can prove I 'm telling the truth , but you 're going to have to trust me , at leastfor a little while . Why , Lee ? Because I 'm going back to Thunder mountain and I need your help , so I was hoping you 'd stop running before one of my guys shot you , because with you dead , I 've got nowhere to go . How 'd it go ? Ezekiel was right . I should never , ever have come here . But you got to see your father again . Wasn 't that the point ? No , the point was him getting to see me . They wanted us to see each other again , to be able to touch each other , hold each other . After a while , time , distance , they make the heart forget . They wanted you to both know what was at risk when they threaten to take it away . It 's not fair to use the heart against itself . It 's not fair at all . They 're going to hurt you , aren 't they ? We 're coming in low to avoid the radar target . I told the pilot to put down half a mile from Thunder mountain . We 'll walk in the rest of the way . What 's so important back at the mountain ? You want to see Markus alive again ? Then you 'll just have to wait . I don 't think you 'd believe me anyway . Like that would be different from anything else you 've ever said ? You have any idea how hard these last few years have been for me ? I didn 't want to lie to Markus , but there was no other way . I had to protect him from himself until the time was right . We 're coming inon the target . Take us down . Screw this up , do anything I don 't like , and I will kill you . I thought we were going through the front door . I thought that 's why you needed me . Getting in , that I can do . Getting out alive , that 's where I 'll need you . I thought this part of the mountain was restricted . It is , which means we shouldn 't be disturbed . Enter this code- - 7-1-7-5-4 . Markus ? Markus isn 't here . He 's been taken prisoner . What ? How did he- - Who the hell is that , and what is she doing in there ? Her name 's Meaghan Lee Rose . She 's got the virus responsible for the big death . It 's still alive inside her . What the f- - She 's a carrier . It doesn 't kill her , but she can spread it to anyone she touches . Markus thought nobody knew , but I know everything that goes on here . What happened to Markus ? What he said , is it true ? Yes . Oh . Oh , I gotta get somebody- - No . I want to hear what he has to say about Markus . Please ? Did you have a chance to talk to your son ? And ? My decision remains the same . Don 't do this . My son is still a citizen . He has rights . We 're in a state of national emergency unprecedented in this country 's long history . Certain rights have to be set aside until we can get the machine running again , and some fine young men will have to lay down their lives for the good of that machine ... Whether they like it or not . I want you to know I 'm sorryfor what 's about to happen . I wish there was some other way , but there isn 't , son . There just isn 't . Don 't call me son . You 're not my father . He 's my father . And it doesn 't matter ... 'Cause I 've had my five minutes . I understand you 've been asking how a small population can control a much larger one . How did England , a tiny island nation , hold onto India and Africa and millions of subjects , so many they say that the sun never set on the British Empire ? If I thought we were going to have a quiz , I would have studied , okay ? You have to have an edge , something the other side doesn 't have , and then the proper application of what the Germans used to call Schrecklichkeit . Do you know whatSchrecklichkeit means , Jeremiah ? It means frightfulness . Once we have the vaccine , once we control the virus that causes the big death , we can inoculate our people and we can leteveryone above know that unless they cooperate ... We have the option of sectioning off one area at a time and releasing the virus . Schrecklichkeit . Not that we 'd actually use it . That 's a lie ! I 've seen your tac maps ! Your plan relies on wiping out a couple of cities to prove that you have the virus ! A small demonstration . No , it 's cold-blooded murder ! Everyone up there is doomed anyway , doomed to live lives of brutality and hopelessness , doomed to die without purpose . What difference does it make how it happens ? Until we get this country back on its feet , everyone who opposes usis expendable . Everyone . It 's called preparing the battlefield , doctor . That 's why the big death is more humane . It only kills people old enough to oppose us , and leaves the infrastructure intact . You can 't control the virusonce it gets loose . We 'll be careful to control the situation . That 's what you thoughtlast time . That 's how the damned thing got loose in the first place . If you re-introduce the virus to the world outside , it 'll be the end of everything , you asshole , the end of everything . Well , it 's an old argument . It 's about time we resolved it . This is going to hurt , Jeremiah , but it 's for the good of the country . Yeah , well , fuck you . No ! No , dad . Don 't do it , dad . He 's not the President . There are a lot of other bases out there just like this one , and they all probably have their own president . They could- - When me and Kurdy were on the road , Dad , we saw a lot of guys , they all ... they all thoughtthey were the boss , and they were just guys , dad ... Just guys on the road . Just guys on the road- - Well , so you didn 't kill mewhile I was out . I commend you on your restraint . Don 't thank me , thank her . Besides , I kill you now , we don 't get any answers . Now , why 'd you want to come back here , Lee , and what does she have to do with this ? Untie me , give me my gun back , and I 'll tell you . Not a chance . Look , why can 't you just tell me- - If I leave this to you , you 'll never pull it off , because you don 't have the guts . I said- - I 'm not talking to you , lady death . Excuse me ? Who the hell do you think you are ? You think you can come in here , tell me that the man I loveis being tortured , maybe he 's alive , maybe he 's dead , and you dare treat me like I 'm a piece of fucking furniture ? You call me lady death . Well , damned straight . What touches me dies , and if Markus is gone and there 's nothing you can do to bring him back , understand that I will claw my way through this glass , and where I walk , death will follow until everyone in this whole fucking world is dead , because nothing matters to me anymore . Do you understand that ? Nothing ! You 'd do all that if Markus was dead . Would you do half as much to get Markus out alive ? Yes . Anything ? Anything . Okay , Lee , what the hell is going on ? There is a way to get Markus and Jeremiah out of Valhalla sector . How ? Let 's do it . I thought I was dead . You must 've had a hard life to think this was heaven . The life I 've had , I don 't think heaven 's in the cards . Don 't start moving , okay ? All the nerves in your body are pretty screwed up right now . Took almost an hour before you stopped twitching like a fish out of water . Thanks for the image . Look , Libby ... I wanted to apologize . Earlier , when I was talkingto my dad in there , we were in kind of a rough spot , you know . When you walked in , it was difficult . I 'm okay with that . I thoughtyou were going to apologize for staring at my tits . I wasn 't staring at your tits . Yeah , you were . You know , I 'm a grown man , and I know where I 'm looking , okay , so I was looking at my dad , I was looking around the room , but I wasn 't staring at your tits . I meant right now . Oh , now ... It 's all the shiny things , you know , and it 's the- - I didn 't say I minded . Is there any more like you back home ? One isn 't enough ? One 's plenty . So , uh ... What , you collect these ? Yeah . I wandered for a really long time before they found me and took me in . I guessI wanted something tangible to remind me of where I 'd been , what I 'd seen ... done . I 'm a pack rat , what can I say ? Jeremiah , are you okay ? I 'm good . We showed them , didn 't we , dad ? It 's only going to get more painful , more dangerous . You don 't know what these men are capable of doing to you . I lost Ezekiel , I lost Michael , I lost your mother . I can 't lose anybody else . I--I 'm going to give them the virus . It 's the only way- - Devon , you can 't . If I work with them . Maybe I can talk themout of a demonstration , at least make sure it 's controlled . You can 't control it . You said so yourself . If it gets outside- - If I don 't , they 're going to kill you , Jeremiah . Don 't you understand ? You are the only thing I care about . I can 't watch you die . Everybody dies , Dad . There 's nothing we can do to change that . No ... But you 've got to go out clean . See , Dad , if my living means thousands of people , maybe even millions die if this thing gets loose , I don 't go out clean . Now , I never thought that I 'd amount to much out there , and worst of all was the thought that I would never see you again , but I 've seen you . Now , I don 't know what is going to happen next , but together , we can save the world just by saying no . It 'd make me proud , Dad , and they could never take that , and I 'd go out clean . I 've got to go out clean . Promise me . I love you . No shit . Mr. President , I 've got something I want you to see . We just made contact with one of our operatives in Thunder mountain . This may be the solution to our problem . We 're bouncing the frequency off one of our remaining satellites , so it 's catch-as-catch-can . Lee , can you hear me ? Yes , sir . Good evening , Mr. President . What is it , son ? Sir , I 've made contact with elementswithin Thunder mountain , and they 're willingto make a deal . In exchange for Markus , Erin , Jeremiah , and his father , they 're willing to give usthe key to thebig death virus- - The vaccine , everything . And what if they 're bluffing ? See for yourself , sir . As you know , there should beno one here at the mountain over the age of 30 or so . Just a secondwhile I transfer video feed . Her name 's Meaghan Lee Rose , age 43 . In the last daysof the big death , she received a test vaccineagainst the virus . As you can see , it worked . She 's still alive , and she 's cured . If you analyze her blood , you can break down the changescreated by the vaccine and synthesize more of it . Sir , we checked thecomputer records . A Meaghan Lee Rose was brought to Thunder mountain around that time . They verify that she was carrying the big death , but that 's all we got before everything shut down . The only way that she could still be alive was if they had a working vaccine . But if they had it , why didn 't they tell anyone ? The scientistsresponsible for finding the vaccine diedbefore the finalresults were in . After that , the only ones leftwere kids . Markus has beenkeeping her as his ownpersonal secret , figuring once he took overthe rest of the country , he could get someoneto analyze her blood , come up with the vaccine and use itfor his own purposes . That 's why we have to get there first , sir . Whoever controls the big death controls the future . All right , tell them we have a deal . Keep the line open . I 'll be back in a minute to work out the details . Risky , General . If we give them Devon and it turns out we can 't properlyanalyze this woman 's blood , we 're back where we started . Not at all , sir . They 've asked us for four people . That 's a lot of people , and who in this big wide world gets everything they ask for ?
