 [ All Hailing Taxis ] [ All Clamoring ] [ Speaking In Foreign Language ] Sorry , sorry . [ People Shouting ] Paise . ! Paise . ! Home to America , Mr. Potocki ? Not a moment too soon . Next in line , please . [ Metallic Creaking ] Poor bastard . [ Creaking And Rolling ] Here 's 50 paise . Buy yourself some WD-40 . [ Wheels Creaking ] [ Whispering ] Oh , for crying out loud . Listen , fella , I already gave . Do you understand English ? [ Screaming ] Long flight , huh ? Bombay to D.C. ? You know , I always wondered do they serve , like , Indian food on the plane ? If there 's anything else I can do for you , sir ... [ Chuckles ] [ Creaking ] [ Slow , Labored Breathing ] [ Breathing Gets Louder ] [ Breathing Stops ] [ Doggett ] Things that land in your in-box , huh , Agent Scully ? Good morning . I 'm sorry I 'm late . I didn 't get a chance to look at the case fille . The traffiic 's terrible . Beltway 's a nightmare . Takes longer to get crosstown than it does a plane ride from India which is where our victim flew in from last night- - Bombay . Who are we talking about ? Hugh Potocki . Importer lexporter from Minneapolis . Laid over in D.C. on his way home when all this blood drains from his body . Did the M.E. see it ? - The body ? - Yeah . Tox test ruled out hemorrhagic fever , Ebola , anything exotic . Something killed this man but it doesn 't seem to be any foreign disease . - No sign of forced entry ? - No . No one was seen coming or going from this room . The maid found the body 20 minutes after a bellman left Mr. Potocki here . Whatever happened , happened fast . So , basically what you 're saying is that nobody knows anything . But then I guess that 's why it 's in your in-box . So , what do you think , Agent Scully ? Haunted hotel room ? Alien invaders ? Sloppy vampires ? There is one small thing . The cops missed it their fiirst time around . Well , that looks like a child 's print . Yeah . That 's what it looks like . You know there was a ring of thieves when I was back in New York . They used kids for BE jobs . Mm ... Squeezing in through cracked windows , that kind of thing . But this , this is beyond . No . From what I see , Agent Doggett , from the way this man died , I doubt it was a kid who did this . Thanks . I 'm not quite ready yet to lose all my faith in humanity . But regardless , I 'd say it 's wise you keep an open mind . [ Kids Yelling ] [ Woman ] The better the economy gets the harder it is to filll these kinds of jobs . And the problem is that people look at it as just a paycheck . They don 't realize that as maintenance engineer , you are playing an important part in these kids ' lives . And I can 't tell you how wonderful it is to fiind someone as enthusiastic as you are , Mr. Burrard . And I understand you can start immediately ? That 's wonderful . [ Sighs ] Big fella , isn 't he ? Big is a relative term , Agent Doggett . It took three strong men to wheel him in here . He tipped the scale at 402 pounds . Uh , Hugh Potocki was a big man , big appetites . Loved big cars , big houses , big business . Divorced twice . He carried two alimonies , one with child support . Never missed a payment . In fact , he seems to have spoiled his wives and kids . I 'm missing the point . It seems he loved big women too . Considering the evidence and motives , we can probably rule out his ex-wives as suspects . Well , considering what I found here today , I 'd say I have to agree . Tissue damage . Massive trauma to the lower intestine and the rectal wall . Is that from something going in or coming out ? Well , unfortunately , there 's so much damage that it 's hard to tell . I took MRIs , which reveal further shredding throughout the abdomen and , uh , into the stomach area . India 's a major transit point for the Golden Triangle . This guy flew in and out of India half a dozen times over the past 18 months . Are you suggesting that he 's a mule ? A courier of heroine or opiates ? Drug dealer ? Fills a latex balloon with heroin , swallows it . We 've all seen this kind of thing before . But what if somebody got to him en route , forcibly extracted the drugs , tearing it from his stomach ? Well , I 'd say , uh , that 's a good theory , Agent Doggett , not to mention a graphic one , but there would have been traces left of drugs in his system . Nor does it account for the blood loss that this man experienced . Then we 're right back where we started . Nobody knows anything . Not exactly . I ran a decay analysis to , uh , determine the time of death . Liver temperature , buildup of gases , extent of rigor- - routine stuff . It 's not 100 % accurate , but it gives us a range . What 's the range ? 24 to 36 hours . Well , that 's just wrong . Well , it would mean that , uh , Mr. Potocki here would have died before he left Bombay . No . It would mean that a dead man boarded a plane in India , changed planes in Paris , hailed a cab at Dulles and then checked into a downtown hotel and tipped the bellman . In my experience , dead men don 't tip , Agent Scully . I told you to keep an open mind . [ Metallic Creaking ] [ Kids Yelling ] [ Laughter ] Oh ... look what he just did to my scooter . - That 's mine ! - You going to take it from me ? [ Man ] Hey . ! Leave him alone . What 's going on here , Quinton ? I know you . Your name 's Trevor ? You 're in seventh grade , right ? Don 't you guys have anything better to do than pick on sixth graders ? Well , he ran into me . - That 's a lie ! - Enough . You want to be a bully ? Find somebody your own age . I 'll talk to your father if I have to . Come on , Quinton . [ Creaking ] Yes . Thank you . Sorry to wake you . Good-bye . Bad connection ? Consulate in New Delhi . Three weeks ago an American businessman was found dead inside his hotel room . Take a look . A Mr. Albert Brecht of Spokane . The reports have been hard to piece together . The medical records are in Hindi . Death certifiicate 's in Farsi and the news accounts are in ... I don 't know- - letters I 've never seen before . But I did get you a translation of Mr. Brecht 's autopsy results . Internal trauma . Tearing in the abdomen . You 're the doctor- - It sounds like the same M.O. , doesn 't it , Agent Scully ? Look at this . Albert Brecht 's passport was a recent issue and it has his weight at 205 pounds , whereas here , an Indian medical examiner has him listed at 238 pounds just two hours after his death . Well , if there 's one thing people lie about , it 's their weight . Well , that 's a pretty big lie . I mean , that 's a 33-pound discrepancy . Well , he was a big man , that 's for sure . Yeah . As was our D.C. victim . All the better for accommodation . Accommodation ? Well , something has to account for the weight gain , Agent Doggett . What if whatever it is that killed these men entered and exited them of its own free will ? I mean , something ... . small ... with small hands ... living ... inside the victims as a ... as a stowaway of sorts . You know I agree that having an open mind is important to crime solving , but ... this theory of yours requires an openness that I 'm ... I 'm just not comfortable with . I understand , Agent Doggett , and I can 't prove it ... but I bet that if we had weighed Hugh Potocki when he fiirst arrived here from Bombay that he would have been 33 pounds heavier than his corpse . It 's a theory , Agent Scully , but to my mind and ... pretty much the rest of me , it-it ... doesn 't work . I appreciate your resistance , but so far this evidence supports it . Except one thing ... Even if there was something living inside of Hugh Potocki when he arrived here from Bombay ... you said that Mr. Potocki was already dead . [ Crickets Chirping ] [ Creaking ] Dad ? Dad . Dad ! Dad . ! Dad . ! Dad ? Dad . Dad ! Dad . ! Dad . ! Quint , what is it ? There 's a man in here . What ? What are you talking about ? He was here , Dad . Right over there . He had no legs ! Quinton ... Quinton , listen to me . The things that you imagine , the things that-that you dream , are not real . And what 's not real can 't hurt you . But , Dad , it was real . It was . Quint , there 's nobody here . Try to get some sleep . Okay ? [ Commentator 1 ] There 's no denying the world order has changed . The United States is the sole super power- - in both a military sense and an economic one . With this comes responsibility . [ Commentator 2 ] No one 's dismissing American responsibilities , here or abroad . But Third World debt relief , in my view , would be a positive step toward solving Third World issues and Third World problems . Well , now it 's my turn to disagree . Relieving that debt would allow these countries to fiind solutions without American intervention ... I think you 're being naive ... There 's no denying the world order has changed ... [ Screaming ] Dad ? Dad ? The first dead body I saw , I was 19 and a Marine . This boy ... Criminy . Yeah . That 's not all he claims he saw . That 's what the cops told me . That 's why I thought we should come down here . He said he called his dad in because there was something in his room . I asked him to describe it . He said that it was a munchkin . That it had no legs . And that it was keeping itself up with its arms . Well , that 's a pretty good trick considering what I just found upstairs . Palm prints in the boy 's bedroom . They match the ones we found in Potocki 's room . And that 's the good news . It just doesn 't serve your theory ... because this thing didn 't get in here in anybody 's body . It came in through the bedroom window . How can you be sure ? There was another print on the sill outside the locked window . And somebody must have closed it after this thing got in . Right . Which is exactly what the boy said that his father did . But it 's the father that I have a problem with here . I mean , he had none of the massive hemorrhaging that we found in Mr. Potocki . In the coroner 's initial report , he makes it sound like the guy died of a cerebral embolism . The one salient detail in the external exam were the eyes ... in which all of the blood vessels are broken . Unless that 's just the fiirst stage . [ Labored Breathing ] This is Special Agent Dana Scully . I am a medical doctor about to perform an unauthorized procedure on a body . The subject is a Caucasian male . Age , uh ... I don 't remember at this particular time . His height is about six feet . And his weight is ... quite possibly subject to change . I suppose distension could be due to decomposition gases ... But that seems unlikely . [ Metal Crashing To Floor ] [ Creaking ] [ Phone Rings ] [ Phone Continues To Ring ] [ Children Chatting ] Reliability 's one of the most important parts of your job . We were very worried when you didn 't show up this morning . [ Creaking ] [ School Bell Ringing ] They 're called fakir- - ascetic masters bound to acts of self-torture to attain enlightenment . We shot this video when I was traveling through India back in the late ' 70s ... Oh , man , look at my hair back then . Agent Mulder consulted with Dr. Burks on occasion , and I have to admit that I 've been skeptical of him in the past but he does have certain insights . Well , we could use some insights . Uh , well , I-I 'm embarrassed to admit , but I-I 'm not sure I know what the heck 's going on here . These ascetic masters ... they have abilities ? Oh , absolutely . An-And abilities similar to those you told me about on the phone have been ascribed to what are know as siddhi mystics . The siddhi are a very mysterious and particularly powerful order of fakirs . These siddhi , they pass on their secret practices from father to son gaining occult powers with each generation . What kind of powers ? Powers of the mind . Powers that help them manipulate reality . Powers that allowthem to become invisible or tiny as an atom . Well , I hope they 're tiny . Where , whoever it is , is going . Chuck ... could one of these siddhi mystics make you believe that he vanished in a room when in fact , he 's standing right in front of you ? Totally . Or disguise themselves appearing in front of you as , uh , well , virtually anyone . I 'm sorry , Dr. Burks , you 're a ... you 're a professor of what ? I run the Advanced Digital Imaging Lab at the University of Maryland . And , um , I dabble . You dabble . Well , this has been ... insightful . Doesn 't surprise me . What ? It 's hard to believe in something when you can 't understand it . - Leave me alone . - No , I want to say I 'm sorry . - No , you 're not . - Look , I am . Would you just ... listen . I 'm ... sorry about your Dad . I , I think I know who did it . Agent Scully ? Chuck . Thank you for , uh , coming down here again . Not at all . Uh ... I 'm just a little curious . I mean , it 's always Mulder who 'd been doing all the calling - and ... - This , uh ... this case , I-I-I-I 'm just ... I 'm trying to see it the way that Mulder would , and ... please have a seat . Of course . So , what seems to be the problem ? You described these , uh , siddhi mystics as being religious men . Extremely . They believe their powers derive directly from the Divine . So , presumably , using those powers for murder would be in opposition of that ? Worse . It would violate the very foundation of ascetic life . It would endanger their eternal soul . Which got me thinking that , uh ... if these siddhi hold so fast to their orthodoxy then what would cause them to break their faith ? I don 't know . Something human ? Revenge ? Well , maybe . [ Sighs ] This is ... an American chemical plant in a village in India called Vishi . It 's just outside of Mumbai , which is a better known to us as Bombay . About six months ago the plant inadvertently released a small cloud of methyl isocyanate gas . 118 of Vishi 's mostly indigenous population were killed . It wasn 't very well reported over here . I spent all night cross-checking the , uh , victims of the disaster . And one ... fiinally caught my attention . Now , it 's- - Oh , here . It 's an 11 - year-old boy ... whose father is described as a being a holy man of the Chamar caste . The beggar caste . Fakirs and mystics are ... . well , often of low birth . Do you think that this boy 's father could be a siddhi mystic like you described ? He could be . But if he 's out for revenge , then why is he killing the people that he 's killing ? [ Car Approaching ] [ Creaking ] [ Creaking Continues ] [ Creaking Continues ] Ohh ! What 's the matter with you ? Nothing . Trevor ? Where are you going ? Dinner 's on the table . Trevor ? Trevor , dinner ! Trevor ! Trevor ! Excuse me . She came out to call her son in for dinner . That 's all we know . What are we doing here , Agent Scully ? 'Cause I 'm not sure . What are we doing ? A woman died of mysterious circumstances not three blocks away from a previous victim . External signs are a direct match . That woman 's eyes . I saw her eyes . But dollars to donuts , there wasn 't anything that crawled up inside her . Now , I think we 're reaching here , and I don 't know how to say it but maybe you 're seeing things that you want to see . Are you questioning my integrity ? No , I 'm questioning the whole damn case . From your so-called expert to the evidence you 've chosen to ignore to the fact that your approach has got us no closer to seeing a pattern or a motive or even catching this killer than we were when we started . I asked you to keep an open mind . Yeah , well , I try to keep an open mind , but it tends to shut my eyes . There is something here , Agent Doggett . And I 'll admit that it 's hard to accept . But there is a motive and there is a pattern and there is a reason and we will see it ... but not working like this . Yeah , well ... I hope somebody sees it . [ Leaves Crunching ] Trevor . Trevor , I 'm Dana Scully ... What happened ? Your father 's in the house . I 'm going to take ... Where 's my Mom ? Trevor . [ Heavy Breathing ] He was here . The-The little man . I-I saw him . He ... he followed me . [ Heavy Breathing Continues ] Agent Doggett ? Where is he ? Is that him ? If you mean the janitor , yeah , that 's him , right in there . [ Burks ] Agent Scully called and said that you had arrested what might be an honest-to-goodness siddhi mystic . Well , Agent Scully jumped the gun on that one . The only thing extraordinary about this man is he doesn 't speak ... to anyone . Well , where is Agent Scully ? She left , after four hours of attempting to interrogate this guy . Unless he jumps up and does something mystical in the next ten minutes , we 're releasing him . What are you doing ? The man sitting there may not be the man sitting there . No one may be there at all , in fact . Not in the next ten minutes , there ain 't . [ Whispering ] Oh , wow . Agent Doggett ? Y-you got to take a look at this . Come on . It 's a trick . Yeah , but not of the camera . Wait , if ... if he 's not there ... He could be anywhere . Yeah ? Sir , I am so sorry to bother you again . I know this has been a terrible ordeal . Yes ... what is it you need ? I need to speak with your son , Trevor , again . Is this about his mother ? Well , Trevor told me that he saw a man . It was just something that doesn 't quite add up and I need to be certain . - Thank you . - [ Cell Phone Rings ] Scully . I think you ought to get back here , Agent Scully . There 's something ... What ? The janitor , he 's here ... but he 's not . I can 't ... I can 't explain it . Trevor 's not in his room . I 'm sorry , just hang on one second . Agent Doggett , what do you mean he 's not there ? [ Clanking And Creaking ] Who 's that ? Hello ? [ Creaking ] Mr. Burrard ... I thought you ... Well , I-I didn 't expect to see you back at work . [ Creaking ] This is the agent who picked him up before . Can you make this call ? [ Whispering ] Here he comes . [ Glass Breaking ] [ Liquid Bubbling ] [ Grunts ] Trevor , are you there ? [ Creaking ] [ Creaking ] [ Knocking On Glass ] Get out of there , let 's go ! I can 't ! The windows are locked . Break them , okay ! [ Trevor ] I 'll get help . [ Creaking ] [ Panting ] Oh , thank God . Do something ! Quinton , what 's the matter ? [ Quinton ] It 's him . ! It 's the little man ! Who ? Trevor ? [ Teacher ] All right , now you boys , you just stop playing around . Okay , don 't move . - Stay where you are . - Wait , wait . What are you doing ? Stop him . ! Shoot him . ! [ Breaths Heavily ] I can 't . [ Gunshots ] Oh , my God . What is it ? What happened ? Agent Scully ! Scully . [ Crying ] You going to be okay , Agent Scully ? I got a drift of what happened in there ... to you . I mean , sort of . I shot a young boy . The good news is , you 're wrong . But it 's what I saw . With my eyes , anyway . Do you know what it 's like not to be able to trust your own eyes ? Then why 'd you shoot him ? [ Breathes Slowly ] Because it 's what the boy saw . And in an instant ... I realized that it 's what Mulder would have seen or understood . Because that 's just how he came at things ... without judgment and without prejudice and with an open mind that I am just not capable of . It 's been a long night . Give yourself a break . [ Sighs ] This whole thing doesn 't make any sense . No ... it did . In some way , it did . [ Beggars Shouting ] [ Child ] I made this . ! [ Child ] I made this . !
