 No . You 're dead . Go . There 's others . Halt ! What are you thinking ? Where am I ? Wrong answer ! What are you thinking ? I 'm thinking about getting the hell out of here . Wrong ... answer ! No sleeping ! What are you thinking ? About my son ... about his mother . Wrong answer ! Now , what are you thinking ? What do you want from me ? ! Wrong ... answer ! I want answers , you hear me ? I want answers ! No sleeping ! Did you hear me ? Yes . What are you thinking ? What should I be thinking ? You 're a guilty man . You entered a government facility illegally in search of nonexistent information ! You failed in every respect ! - Yes . - Say it ! I 'm a guilty man . I failed in every respect . I deserve the harshest punishment for my crime . How long has he been here ? I 'm trying to get someone to say . Who called you ? Kersh 's office . Who called them ? I don 't know ; I just know that Mulder 's being held here indefinitely . What for ? For the murder of a military man . Mulder . Dana . Oh , my God . You okay ? Am I okay ? Mulder , I haven 't seen you in such a long time . I was so worried . Well , it 's okay , I 'm all right . They 're treating me really well in here . What 's happened to you ? Nothing . I 'm squared away . Oh , hey , Walter . It 's good to see you , man . Have they told you what the charges are , Mulder , what you 're doing here ? Oh , yeah , yeah . We 're clear on that . You 're clear on what ? My crimes . Mulder ... I murdered a man , Dana . I went looking for something that didn 't exist , and I ... I made a terrible mistake . I should be punished severely . Whatever you were doing , you have the right to a lawyer . To an inquiry and process of law . I don 't think you heard me . All right , time 's up . We 're going to get you out of here . Why is that ? I 'm a guilty man . Time 's up . Let 's go . Uh , excuse me . I don 't understand . Why are you helping me ? Because you can 't do this alone . Let 's go . You saw him ? Mulder ? They 've accused him of murder ? And they have him believing that he did it . Of murdering who ? Knowle Rohrer . Knowle Rohrer ? It can 't be . I watched Knowle Rohrer die . He can 't die . Knowle Rohrer 's a super soldier . Mulder sidestepped security at a facility known as Mount Weather- - a place where they say our so-called " shadow government " is installed . What about this murder charge ? 30 government workers are ready to testify they witnessed Mulder push a military officer to his death . Killing a man who can 't be killed ? Where you going ? To beg mercy with the man upstairs . Come in . Deputy Director Kersh . I 've just been going over my notes on this whole business . Please , have a seat . Thank you . We both got a problem with this man of yours , Agent Mulder . Mulder 's been a running problem for the FBI . But nothing this serious . I would think ... I 've been asked by a female agent , Mulder 's closest associate , to beg mercy of the military court , to give Mulder every consideration based on his good character . You 've reviewed the charges , yes ? Yes . There 's a charge of murder . This would look bad for the Marines if it didn 't look worse for the FBI . What does Mulder intend to plead ? You wanted a chance to clear up this mess , Mr. Kersh , and I 'm going to give it to you . Give it to the FBI . How ? A fair hearing for your agent by his own agency . Your prosecutor , your judges . Held in my court . That can 't be legal . Why do this ? I want a verdict . A guilty verdict . This man Mulder has made a lot of enemies . He 's a crusader . And a lot of people do not like the crusade . I can 't do that . Oh , you 'll do it , Deputy Director . You and I both know there are forces inside the government now that a man would be foolish to disobey . Mulder ? Mulder ? I smelled you coming , Clarice . Oh , my ... Damn it , Mulder . It 's not funny to see you putting on that act . No , that is funny . What 's not funny is what they do to you in here if you don 't put on that act . Come here , you big , bald , beautiful man . The only thing you 're going to be kissing , Mulder , is your sweet ass good-bye , with the trouble you 're in . Yeah , I kind of gathered that , right around the 50th brainwashing session . Mulder , why are they doing this to you ? They think they 're preparing me for my trial , for my testimony . Your testimony 's not going to matter . Not with the case they 're building . Not building . Rigging . Yeah , I don 't think you understand the seriousness of the charges . This isn 't some routine wrist slapping . You 're on trial for your life . My trial 's a forgone conclusion . What they really want is for me to admit my guilt and help them out . What 's really on trial here is the truth . Mulder , they 're saying you killed a man . Have they produced a body ? You can 't produce a body because you can 't kill a man who won 't die . Well , body or not , they 've got 30 witnesses from that government facility ready to testify against you . Mulder , we 'll get you the best lawyer . To defend a man who believes in aliens against the FBI and the military ? It 's never going to happen . Skinner can defend me . I can 't represent you . You know all the facts , the details , the whole government conspiracy . More than that , I trust you . Mulder ... They can 't try me without exposing themselves . I know what I 'm doing . Whoo , now it 's a party . Agent Mulder . What 's the matter ? We 've been working off what little we have , but the military just got back to us . You ready for this ? I know this is impossible , but they 're saying they got Knowle Rohrer 's body . Mulder , it 's me . Is it time to go ? No . That 's why I 'm here . Mulder , I need you to talk to me . Confide in me ... or we 'll lose . We can 't win , Scully . We can only hope to go down fighting . You 're scaring me . Mulder , I 'm so scared that I 've just got you back and now I 'm going to lose you again . I know what I 'm doing . Well ... whatever you 're doing ... you have no idea how much has already been lost . What I 've had to do . I do know . Skinner told me . Our son , Mulder ... I gave him up . Our son . I 'm so afraid you could never forgive me . I know you had no choice . I just missed both of you so much . God , where have you been ? Where have you been hiding ? In New Mexico . Doing what ? Looking for the truth . You found something , didn 't you ? Huh ? What did you find ? I can 't tell you . You found something in that facility ? That 's what you were doing , right ? Mulder , what did you find out there ? Scully , I can 't tell you . That doesn 't make sense . You got to trust me , Scully . I know things it 's better you don 't . Assistant Director Skinner . Special Agent Kallenbrunner . I 'll be handling the prosecution . I 'm out of the L.A. field office . How 'd you get this assignment ? I was a federal prosecutor in D.C. before joining the FBI . And you ? That 's a good question . Let 's bring in the defendant . This proceeding is called to order . Mr. Kallenbrunner , you may proceed . I have no witnesses to call . I will submit to the court , however , the sworn testimony of 30 men and women who saw the crime . Assistant Director . I move to dismiss these proceedings on the grounds it violates the accused 's rights to a fair trail . I 'm not a lawyer . You 're not a judge . This is not a court of law . This is a military court of law . You may want to familiarize yourself with Title Ten of the U.S. Code . But I suggest you call a witness . Then I move to delay this trial . My central witness , Marita Covarrubias , works for United Nations , and I can 't locate her . And I 've received no help from the U.S. Government locating her . I have to deny that request . Do you have another witness , Mr. Skinner ? I 'll call a witness , but I would like to do so under protest . Both the panel 's judgments and rulings are sovereign , Mr. Skinner . There is no record . Excuse me ? This isn 't a secret tribunal . As you 've so kindly informed me , it 's a court of law . Military court of law , Mr. Skinner . It 's okay . Try your case . Please state your name for the court . My name is Dana Katherine Scully . I was assigned nine years ago to the X Files to spy on Agent Mulder , whose methods the FBI distrusted . Assigned not just as an agent , but as a medical doctor . A scientist . And as a serious scientist , you came to believe in Agent Mulder 's theories . I came to believe in the existence of extraterrestrial life . And in a conspiracy inside the government to keep their existence a secret . The proof was overwhelming . It was even scientifically undeniable . I believe , as do many respected scientists , that life came to Earth millions of years ago from a meteor or a rock from Mars . So , what you 're saying is , life- - human life- - is extraterrestrial by definition . Objection . What does this nonsense have to do with Mulder murdering a man in cold blood ? Agent Scully will prove that a government conspiracy exists to deny the existence of extraterrestrials . You are not here proving government conspiracies , Mr. Skinner . You 're here to defend Fox Mulder . And I 'm trying to do that . It 's your case , Mr. Skinner . So , a meteor crashed to Earth , but along with the biological building blocks on it , there was something else- - an alien virus . I believe there was a virus which thrived here prehistorically . I believe that virus infected early man and transformed his physiology . Changed him into something else . Into an alien life-form himself . And what happened to these aliens ? They died in the last Ice Age , 35,000 years ago . And the virus ? It lay dormant underground until it surfaced once again during our current geologic period . And the government knows of this ? The government learned of this virus in 1947 when a UFO crashed in Roswell , New Mexico . A UFO crash revealed the virus ? The virus thrived underground in petroleum deposits . In black oil . It has sentience . It can think . It has the ability to communicate , and it communicated with the UFOs . And the government knows this , too ? In Roswell , they captured aliens from the spacecraft wreckage . They salvaged various alien technology from them , and from their data banks , they learned of the alien plan to recolonize the Earth . Is this all leading anywhere ? Yeah . The destruction of mankind . I 'll warn you once , Agent Mulder . And what did the government do with this ... information of an alien takeover ? They kept it a dark secret . If it had gotten out , there would have been wild panic . Mr. Skinner , are we finished ? No . There 's the matter of Agent Scully 's own abduction in 1994 . Abduction by whom ? By the military working with the government conspirators to develop a breed of human-alien hybrids that the aliens would use as a slave race . Thank you , Agent Scully . Your witness , Mr. Kallenbrunner . All these ETs running around . It 's hard to keep these aliens straight without a scorecard . I myself have never seen an alien . Could we call one as a witness ? You 're being facetious . No , I 'm not . I 'd just like to see some proof . There are the Mars rocks ... No . I need something good . Something amazing . Something really cool . I don 't know what you mean . Well , what I mean is , you have no proof to back up one word you just told us . Agent Scully , isn 't it true that you and Mulder were lovers , and you got pregnant and had his love child ? Objection ! Thank you . Next witness . Can you state your full name ? Jeffrey Frank Spender . Mr. Spender , I know you didn 't hear Mr. Kallenbrunner , but he 'd like to make a mockery of the X Files . You worked on the X Files yourself . Yes , until three years ago . When you were shot in the X Files office . Shot by your own father . Can I ask you to please tell the court exactly who your father was ? He led the government conspiracy to exploit the existence of aliens . Objection . There 's no government conspiracy that I 've seen established here . I agree with Mr. Kallenbrunner . I don 't see where this is going . If I can prove this conspiracy , it will justify Mulder 's actions and you will have no choice but to acquit . I hope this isn 't the entire basis of your defense , Mr. Skinner . You have a relationship to Agent Mulder , don 't you , Mr. Spender ? He 's my half-brother . His mother had an affair with my father . But he never knew that . Not until he met you at the FBI . He didn 't know both his father and mine were in the alien conspiracy . His father was a reluctant member . When Agent Mulder began to know the truth about this connection , my father had his father killed by an assassin named Alex Krycek . He killed him to silence him ? Mulder 's father lived his life in shame . Not for the conspiracy , but for a terrible decision he made . Involving Agent Mulder 's sister . The aliens distrusted their human collaborators . Members of the conspiracy were made to surrender family members as human collateral . So , Mulder 's father gave up Mulder 's sister . His own eight-year-old daughter . Mulder witnessed his sister being abducted by aliens . It haunted him to no end . It 's why he pursued the X Files . What became of her ? Samantha ? She was returned . She was sent to California where we were raised together . She was taken many more times and suffered horrible tests . Mulder spent years looking for her ... several times thinking that he 'd found her . But he was tricked . Samantha was part of the cloning experiment done by the conspiracy . She herself died in 1987 . By your own father 's hand , essentially . When I went to work for the FBI , I didn 't know of my father 's crimes . When I stood up to him , he shot me . When I didn 't die , he subjected me to the same horrible tests . Your witness . Mr. Spender , I 'm sorry for your suffering . I 'm sure none of us can really imagine what it 's like . Your father must be brought to justice . I believe my father is dead . Mr. Spender , you 're here to speak for the character of Agent Mulder . In reports you filed while an FBI agent , I see here you describe Mulder as " arrogant , " difficult , a control freak , widely disliked by his peers . " Those reports were written before I knew the truth . This report calls him " unstable , prone to violent outbursts . " I have the report right here , if your memory needs refreshing . Thank you , Mr. Spender . You found out about Mulder . You found out he 's in trouble . I 'll get ready now . I know why you 're here and what you want . I can 't give it to you . Make them a deal , Mulder . Guilty on a lesser charge . Maybe they 'll go for it and they 'll let you walk out of here . I 'd rather die , Scully . How can you say that ? How can you say that , Mulder , to me ? Because this is greater than you or me . This is about everything we worked for for nine years , the truth that we both sacrificed so much to uncover and to expose . Well , then expose it , Mulder ! Take the stand . Whatever it is that you 're withholding , take the stand and hit them full force . I can 't . Why ? I just can 't . You say this is greater than us , and maybe it is , but this is us fighting this fight , Mulder , not you . It 's you and me . That 's what I 'm fighting for , Mulder . You and me . Get up . Who 's that ? Who 's there ? What are you doing here ? That 's what I 'm here to ask you . I 'm putting the truth on trial . What truth ? Whose truth ? You think these men will even hear it ? They 're afraid to hear it . They 're not afraid . They have too much power to be afraid . You 're going to learn that , just like I did . You 'll die learning it . I 'm not afraid of that . There 's a truth even you 're afraid to speak now , because you know it 's futile . No . Because I refuse to accept it . Then you 're going to need help . How can you possibly help me ? They said this is where I could find the body , at Fort Marlene . Right . The deceased 's name is Knowle Rohrer , former Marine , last employed by the D.O.D. No , I don 't want a call back . I want to talk to your superior ... Son of a bitch hung up on me ! Shh . There 's somebody in your yard . Where is he ? He was at the back door . I got him . He 's coming around . Stay where you are ! Federal agent ! Hands in the air ! Who are you ? What are you doing skulking around my house ? I didn 't want to be seen . I don 't want to endanger him . Who are you talking about ? Someone who wants to help Mulder . State your full name for the court . Marita Covarrubias . And your former government title ? Special Representative to the Secretary General of the U.N. The United Nations . A position giving you unrestricted access to countries and leaders around the world . Isn 't that right ? Yes . How did you use this power ? Basically , to further the interests of a secretive group of men who called themselves the Syndicate . What were their interests ? Developing an alien virus vaccine before the Russians developed one . And how 'd they go about that ? By testing innocent civilians all over the world . Test subjects were tracked through DNA identifiers in their smallpox vaccination scars . Without the subject 's knowledge ? Mostly . Some developed suspicions . I saw Russians who cut off their arms to prevent being tracked . As they did to an American man that you worked quite intimately with . Yes . Alex Krycek . Did you believe in the Syndicate ? In their international conspiracy ? No . I was paid for my access . In fact , you came to hate them . Yes . It 's why I helped Agent Mulder when he approached me . But you were found out , and the Syndicate punished you for this . They turned me into a a test subject . Testing what ? They were pretending to work with the aliens to infect the entire population with an alien virus , but the conspirators were trying to save themselves by secretly and selfishly developing a vaccine . The conspirators believed all life in the universe had been infected with the virus , including a race of shape - shifting alien bounty hunters who policed the conspiracy for the aliens . But they were wrong , and it led to the destruction of the conspiracy . And who destroyed it ? A group of renegade aliens who had avoided infection with the virus through self-disfigurement . And the conspirators themselves- - what happened to them ? They 're all dead now . Killed by these same faceless aliens . Then what are you afraid of now ? Why resist testifying here today ? Because the conspiracy continues , just in another form by other men . Objection . Mr. Skinner can 't ask questions and give the answers . Sustained . Fox Mulder 's on trial for murder here . The man he 's accused of killing is one of these new conspirators- - an alien replacement for a human being , what they 're calling a super soldier . You can prove this , can 't you ? You know who these men are , don 't you ? Ms. Covarrubias ? They 'll kill her . Ms. Covarrubias , I asked you a question . I need an answer . No . It 's okay . Let her go . What the hell are you doing , Mulder ? She 's the last best witness that we have . Doesn 't matter . Thank you , Ms. Covarrubias . I got nothing else . Assistant Director . I have an unscheduled witness that I 'd like to call here today . - No , not him . - Mulder , sit down . You don 't understand . I 'm trying to protect that boy . Well , now he 's here to protect you . Mr. Kallenbrunner , do you have any objections to this witness ? Not like Mr. Mulder here does . Can you tell us your name ? Gibson Andrew Praise . Do you know this man ? Yes . He 's my friend . I hid him in the desert for the last year . Mulder met you as a chess prodigy . Your life was endangered because of your highly unusual brain activity . Cut to the chase , Mr. Skinner . Gibson Praise can read people 's minds . Mulder and Scully proved this scientifically . There 's a certain junk DNA which all humans share , but has no apparent function . Gibson 's junk DNA is functional . DNA which is believed to be alien . You 're trying to tell us this boy can read minds ? Yes . He 's reading your mind right now . And the minds of the judges , too ? Yes . Even his . And what makes him so special ? He 's not human . He 's one of them . One of them ! I want that man examined ! - Mr. Skinner , control him ! - Mulder ! You 're afraid ! You 're afraid of what I know ! You 're afraid of the truth ! Where 's Gibson ? He 's with Scully ; in good hands . We spent the night talking to him . Gibson knows you 're concerned . We 're protecting him now . He shouldn 't have done what he did- - exposing himself like that . Well , the boy was trying to protect you , and it looks like it may have worked . He says three judges are wavering . They 're leaning in your favor . It 's going to take a little more than that , the way things are going . We were never going to win . Take the stand , Mulder . - Testify . - No . Then we 'll testify , me and Monica . No . Both of us have seen too much ... Listen to me , they 'll destroy you . They 'll put you out on the street . What 's left for us on the X Files ? We came to this job to give it our best ; it 's the way we 're going to leave . It 's not about how good you are . They control the game . They own it . Then let 's shove it up their ass . Mr. Skinner ? I 'd like to call John Doggett . Agent Doggett , you 've been on the X Files for two years . And with all that you 've seen , how do you feel about this term " paranormal " ? Well , the way I look at it , calling something paranormal is just a way of avoiding a real explanation . You 're a skeptic . But I see here in your own case reports some very detailed descriptions of things that a skeptic would never believe in ... these so-called super soldiers . Well , that 's a whole different deal . In what way ? 'Cause I 've seen ' em with my own eyes ; shot , drowned , even ground up in a garbage truck . And they just come right back to life . What are they ? Well , the best I can figure , they 're some kind of secret military project- - ordinary men made invincible . Objection . What does this science fiction have to do with anything ? Agent Doggett is going to tell you that the man that Mulder is accused of killing is a super soldier . A man that Agent Doggett served with in the Marines . Name of Knowle Rohrer . Objection . Agent Doggett was not present at the murder , nor has he seen or examined the victim . That 's because I 've been getting the bum 's rush from the government . Objection sustained . Well , then let me ask you , Agent Doggett , if a super soldier is invincible , how could Mulder possibly have killed this man ? He couldn 't . The way I understand it , they only way to kill a super soldier is with some rare metal . Agent Scully says it 's a form of magnetite from some meteor that fell to Earth . And Mulder 's not accused of doing that , is he ? No , sir . Your witness . Agent Doggett ... in going over your files , I must say , it 's an honor to speak to a man whose record is distinguished by such duty to his country . Now , I 'm not going to doubt a man of your integrity , Agent Doggett , even if he tells me a story I find too incredible to believe . Thank you . Just as you must not doubt the integrity of Fox Mulder on whose behalf you 're here to testify . Correct . Even if Mulder believes these so-called super soldiers are aliens ? He believes they 're aliens , you know . You said you were a skeptic . That 's right . So an alien conspiracy , which Mulder has built his defense on , must be entirely unbelievable to you , too . My name is Monica Reyes . I 've been with the FBI since 1990 . Before coming on to the X Files , Agent Reyes , you worked in the New Orleans field office investigating cases of satanic ritual abuse . I did . Did you ever prosecute any of these satanic cases ? - No . - For God 's sake , Mr. Skinner , we 're trying a man for murder , not taking a trip down memory lane . I 'm showing the court that Agent Reyes is level-headed and objective on strange and extraordinary cases . That her belief in aliens comes from firsthand experience . And she can offer you hard proof that there is an alien conspiracy ! I was called on last year to protect Agent Scully , who was pregnant and whose life was in danger because of her pregnancy . What does this have to do with aliens ? I drove Agent Scully to a secluded location in Georgia , where it was believed she could deliver safely . But we soon discovered we weren 't alone . I was attacked and had to defend myself against an assailant , who was shot at point-blank range . Who should have died , but didn 't . This assailant was then joined by others like him , who surrounded Agent Scully and me , and witnessed her as she gave birth to her son . Witnessed her ? What do you mean ? We were confused as well . But we came to understand that her son was a kind of miracle child . Its birth was all important to these people ; these so-called super soldiers , who I believe are humans replaced by aliens . Why would Scully 's child be important to aliens , Agent Reyes ? We came to learn that Scully was one of a number of random women who had miraculous childbirths . And these women all had been abducted as part of a government program to secretly manipulate their biology , operating offshore on a Navy ship , using these women as surrogates . Surrogates ? For alien babies . To create a slave race ? Yes . A program conducted by the Navy , on a ship which is where ? The ship housing this program was exploded on a Baltimore dock . So , in other words , we have no true evidence past your good word . You claim Scully gave birth to one of these alien babies . How can you be sure of this , Agent Reyes ? I saw her child do things that could be explained no other way . I saw him display amazing powers . He 'd move objects - with his mind . - Really ? Do you think we could arrange a demonstration for the court , that we could see that ourselves ? No . The child was given up for adoption to an anonymous family . She gave up the miracle child ? The proof of everything that she and Mulder claim that they 've risked their lives for over the last nine years- - she just sent it off to some strangers ? Yes , to protect him ! Thank you , Agent Reyes . That 's all . You don 't care about that child or what Scully had to sacrifice . You 're only too happy she had to give it up so there 's no proof . Agent Reyes . You don 't care what these people have sacrificed over the last nine years- - what 's been lost to their cause . You make a mockery of it , gladdened it proves your point . Agent Reyes , that 's enough ! What is the point of all of this ? To destroy a man who seeks the truth or to destroy the truth so no man can seek it ? Either way , you lose . Are you ready for this ? We may have found Knowle Rohrer . You found him ? His body . What are you talking about ? There can 't be a body ; he can 't die . Knowle Rohrer is a super soldier . Exactly . But they 're saying it 's him- - the man Mulder killed . Who 's saying it 's him ? I got some guy on the phone at Fort Marlene who didn 't know that he was supposed to give me the run-around . I got him to send the victim 's corpse to Quantico . It 's there now ? We got a car out front . Agent Scully ? Agent Doggett can stay with him . Oh , my God . This is Knowle Rohrer ? That 's what it says here . Well , how could anyone tell if it wasn 't ? I need you to get me Knowle Rohrer 's medical records . They 'd have to come from the military . I don 't know if I can . You 've got to , Monica , whatever it takes . I need those records for Skinner . I need them for Mulder . Mr. Skinner . Please call your next witness . Assistant Director . I found it . What ? What 's going to get you off . I want to move to dismiss again based on new evidence I just received that there is no victim . That the body of Knowle Rohrer is not Knowle Rohrer , but that of a man who died of a broken neck and whose body was burned postmortem . Motion denied . - You can 't deny it . - You 're out of order and in contempt of court , Agent Scully . You 're in contempt . I have evidence proving that Agent Mulder is innocent . You have no authorization to examine the body , Agent Scully ! Have her removed from the courtroom ! She 's got evidence ; you got to listen . Order ! Remove the defendant from the courtroom ! This trial is adjourned ! Gentlemen . We have a verdict . If you 'd rise . Acting fairly and impartially , this panel finds the defendant guilty of first-degree murder under aggravated circumstances . Is there anything you 'd like to say on your behalf , Mr. Mulder ... before we decide your sentence ? Yes . I 'd like to congratulate you on succeeding where so many before you have failed . A bullet between the eyes would have been preferable to this charade . But I 've learned to pretend over the past nine years- - to pretend that my victories mattered , only to realize that no one was keeping score . To realize that liars do not fear the truth if there are enough liars . That the Devil is just one man with a plan , but evil , true evil , is a collaboration of men , which is what we have here today . If I am a guilty man , my crime is in daring to believe that the truth will out and that no one lie can live forever . I believe it still . Much as you try to bury it , the truth is out there . Greater than your lies , the truth wants to be known . You will know it . It 'll come to you , as it 's come to me , faster than the speed of light . You may believe yourselves rid of your headache now , and maybe you are ... but you 've only done it by cutting off your own heads . Yeah . I 'll tell her . Who was it ? Skinner . Agent Doggett ? Death by lethal injection . Evening . I.D. , please . Master Sergeant Rohrer . Go on ahead . Get up . Who 's there ? I 'm here with Skinner . Get up . Move it , Mulder . What are you doing ? We 're getting you out of here . Come on . Guard ! Where is he ? Seal the building . Seal the base . We have an escaped prisoner ! You 're never going to make it this way . Come on . Mulder ? You 've got to move out . What 's he doing ? What I should have done from the start . You want to go north to Canada . Get to an airport . If you 're not off the continent in 24 hours , you may never get out , you understand ? None of you will be safe now . You let us worry about that . Good luck . Mulder , Kersh told us to head north . You just got on a road going south . That 's right . Where are you going ? To see a man about the truth . You can 't hide me forever . We can destroy your files- - make it next to impossible to find you . You don 't know these people . I 'm going to protect you , Gibson . John . What the hell is this ? What the hell 's going on ? They can 't do this . Who authorized this ? I 'm going to find out . Skinner . They 've packed up the X Files . I know . It 's out of control . I 'm trying to get to the bottom of it . I 'm trying to get to Kersh . All I can think is it 's punishment for taking Mulder 's side . Unless they found out that we helped him escape . Then they know about the Deputy Director 's involvement , too . I need to see the Deputy Director . And he needs to see you . He knows . Then we 're all in danger here . No . He knows about Mulder and Scully- - where they 're going . You mean the border ? No , that 's not where they went , and they know that . They 're going to find them and kill them . Where are they , Gibson ? Mulder and Scully- - where 'd they go ? Hey , hotshot ! You might have the common courtesy of doing your business there downwind . - Oh , boy . - Why don 't you just finish draining the little lizard , and then we 'll talk . We 're very worried about you . It 's craziness , man . Turn around . Just hang a big Uey and never look back . I can 't . Why risk perfect happiness , Mulder ? Why risk your lives ? Because I need to know the truth . You already know the truth . I need to know if I can change it . Change it ? For crying out loud . All you 're going to do is get yourself killed . Mulder ! What are you doing ? I 'll be right with you , Scully . What are they ? Pueblos . Anasazi Indian . Abandoned 2,000 years ago . Nobody knows why . Yeah , Mulder , but what are we doing here ? Hello . My name is Fox Mulder . Do you understand me ? Mulder , what is this ? I was sent a message and a key to the government facility at Mount Weather . The Indians said it was from a wise man who lived in the ruins . A keeper of the truth . Do you see anything at all ? What 's the matter , Agent Mulder ? You come to see the wise man , but you look as if you 've seen a ghost . You 're no wise man . You 're a dead man . Just like Krycek and X. You see a dead man , Agent Scully ? I hoped and prayed you were dead , you chain-smoking , son of a bitch . You waste your time . Ask Mulder . He knows the futility of hopes and prayers . He knows the truth now . You have told her the truth , haven 't you , Fox ? I helped you find it . You didn 't help me . You sent me to that government facility knowing exactly what I 'd find . And now you refuse to speak it . Not to Scully , not to anyone . You 've even refused to testify what you learned ... even though it would have saved your life . You damned me for my secrets , but you 're afraid to speak the truth . You call me afraid ? Look at you sitting here alone in the dark like a fossil . It 's the final refuge . The last place to hide from those who are insidiously taking power now . Who ? The aliens . They fear this place- - its geology . Magnetite . Like that which brought down the original UFO in Roswell . Indian wise men realized this over 2,000 years ago . They hid here . And watched their own culture die . The original shadow government . Agent Doggett ! Who the hell 's that ? It leaves me to tell you what Mulder 's afraid to , Agent Scully . Come on , let 's go . It 's a scary story . You want to come sit on my lap ? You don 't scare me . My story 's scared every president since Truman in ' 47 . You don 't have to hear this . No , I want to hear it , Mulder . Ten centuries ago , the Mayans were so afraid that their calendar stopped on the exact date that my story begins . December 22 , the year 2012 . The date of the final alien invasion . Mulder can confirm the date . He saw it at Mount Weather where our own secret government will be hiding when it all comes down . Yeah , you smile ... feeling drunk with power . Power to do nothing . My power comes from telling you . Seeing your powerlessness , hearing it . They wanted to kill you , Fox . I protected you all these years , waiting for this moment ... to see you broken . Afraid . Now you can die . Run , Monica . Get out of here . No . Knowle Rohrer , that 's far enough . Shoot me , Agent Doggett , if you think it 'll make a difference this time . Agent Doggett ! Mulder , get out of there ! They know where you are ! Get out of here ! Get in the car . No ! Go ! Go ! What are you thinking ? Mulder ? I 'm thinking ... I 'm a guilty man . I 've failed in every respect . I deserve the harshest punishment for my crimes . You don 't believe that . I believe that I sat in a motel room like this with you when we first met , and I tried to convince you of the truth . And in that respect , I succeeded , but ... in every other way ... I 've failed . You don 't believe that , either . Mm . I 've been chasing after monsters with a butterfly net . You heard the man- - the date 's set . I can 't change that . You wouldn 't tell me . Not because you were afraid or broken but because you didn 't want to accept defeat . Well ... I was afraid of what knowing would do to you . I was afraid that it would crush your spirit . Why would I accept defeat ? Why would I accept it if you won 't ? Mulder , you say that you 've failed , but you only fail if you give up . And I know you- - you can 't give up . It 's what I saw in you when we first met . It 's what made me follow you . Why I 'd do it all over again . And look what it 's gotten you . And what has it gotten you ? Not your sister . Nothing that you 've set out for . But you won 't give up , even now . You 've always said that you want to believe . But believe in what , Mulder ? If this is the truth that you 've been looking for , then what is left to believe in ? I want to believe that ... the dead are not lost to us . That they speak to us as part of something greater than us- - greater than any alien force . And if you and I are powerless now , I want to believe that if we listen to what 's speaking , it can give us the power to save ourselves . Then we believe the same thing . Maybe there 's hope . I made this !
