 Computer : Auto-retrieval sequence complete . Shield levels are zero . T-3 . Prepare to open canopy . Biomass indicators are holding steady at 4-0-9 . The pilot still hasn 't responded . Another failure . It can 't be . Phase-negative shield deployment will eliminate the tissue liquefaction effect . Tell that to Officer Jedman . Linfer : Jedman mustn 't have followed instructions . If he didn 't recalibrate his phasing prior to exiting the wormhole ... Don 't blame the pilot for your mistakes . I made no mistakes . I have correctly interpreted the equations from the neurochip . Strapa : Yes , but those equations are incomplete . Linfer : Nonsense . The neurochip is designed to locate all the wormhole knowledge in John Crichton 's brain . True . However ... I had Coding Section run a cross analysis on the data from the neurochip . They found a hidden region , strongly encrypted . Why hasn 't it been deciphered yet ? It resists analysis . It may be meaningless , a mere glitch in the data stream . Or it could be the one vital element for wormhole travel . The one element we lacked is the correct phase progression and I 'm convinced we have that now . Convinced ? Yes . In fact , I wish to pilot the next test flight myself . As your project leader , I cannot allow you to take the risk ! Oh , permission granted . Our time grows short . We have to take risks . This has to be the key . Bring me the neurochip . Strapa : Sir ? The neurochip . Now . Scorpius : Braca . Summon Nurse Froy and report to my quarters . Braca : Yes , sir . Socket in place . Ready to install the neurochip . Is this idea wise ? No . But necessary . ( whirring ) ( exhales ) ( inhales ) John ? ( chuckles ) ( echoing ) : John ? John , are you here ? Oh . So you are . Well , this is different . Scorpy , I must be in Hell . Tell me , what 's the last thing you remember ? Ice planet . Diagnosan . He was digging around in my brain trying to pull your chip out of my ... Aah , N ... He screwed up ? I kicked it on the table ? I am in Hell ! No , no , no , no . The Diagnosan was successful , and the neurochip was removed . And John Crichton is alive and well . Then what the hell am I doing here ? Well strictly speaking , you 're not John Crichton . But for my purposes , you 'll do . My name is John Crichton ... I 'm lost ... an astronaut . I got shot through a wormhole ... In some distant part of the universe ... I 'm trying to stay alive ... Aboard this ship ... This living ship ... Of escaped prisoners . My friends . If you can hear me ... Beware . If I make it back ... Will they follow ? If I open the door ... Are you ready ? Earth is unprepared ... Helpless , for the nightmares I 've seen . Or should I stay ... Protect my home ... Not show them ... You exist ... But then you will never know the wonders I 've seen . Crichton : Scorpy , go away . Go home . I do not even want to hear it . I 'm sick and tired of having people clomping around inside my head . This time , it 's different . We 're not in your head at all . We 're in mine . Your head ? Well , do yourself a favor . Kick the habit before it starts . I 'm going for some air . Do not wait up for me . ( disgusted sigh ) There 's nowhere to go . ( sighs ) I 'll explain . I put a chip in Crichton 's brain , to download the wormhole equations the Ancients gave him . Some neural spillover also took place , replicating elements of Crichton 's personality in the chip . You 'll have to accept it . You are not John . All right , Scorp . Then , what am I ? Bootleg ? A ghost ? Holodeck Crichton ? A wandering soul that ain 't got no body ? A duplicate of John 's psyche , existing only within the neurochip . And now , within my own mind . Why ? I need your help . ( laughs ) Man , I 'm a ... I 'm a voice inside your head . What do you plan on using for leverage ? Persuasion . You know so little of me . Let 's remedy that . Let 's not and say we did . My earliest memory ... - Oh , God . ... is pain . ( baby crying ) ( screaming ) What the hell is that ? My first 12 cycles of life . That 's a little too much information . You can keep your memories . Don 't fight it . You 'll only prolong it . Now watch . ( whimpering ) Tauza : You will not cry . Sit up . ( grunting in pain ) Sit up . ( grunting ) ( gasps ) Faster . Why can 't you sit up ? ( raspy voice ) : It 's hot . It 's at less than optimum temperature . I will make it warmer . ( air rushing in ) Do you know why you 're here ? 'Cause I 'm weak . Why are you weak ? I am partly ... Sebacean . Because ? Father was Sebacean . And ? Forced my mother to birth me . ( console beeping ) Pilot , the deep space variances are increasing . There is a wormhole around here somewhere . Why don 't we double back and triangulate ? - Again ? Yes , again . Unless you and Moya have something you 'd rather be doing ? You wanna park and take a nap ? No . Moya is actually enjoying this opportunity for free flight . Retracing the last vector now . - Thank you . Uh , you know , we 've been flying around aimlessly for nearly 15 solar days , John . It 's not aimless , D 'Argo . There 's a wormhole out there . I can smell it . Besides , it keeps Moya 's mind off of Talyn and the Retrieval Squad . Well , it hasn 't stopped me thinking about them . Yeah ? Well , what do you want me to do about that ? You 're the one who decided we should stay away and let them deal with it . Which suits you perfectly so you can indulge yourself . Fine . I 'm indulging myself . Maybe I 'm entitled , once in a while . Once in a while ? You wanna push this , Mister Let 's Go Find My Son ? Look , it doesn 't matter what I think . The point is that Chiana and Jool really need to get off this ship . They 're driving each other insane , they are driving me insane . So do me a favor . Indulge them for once . The girls . Okay . If this vector comes up empty , we 'll bag it and go for some shore leave . ( sighs ) You happy ? - Very happy . Glad you 're happy . Hey , look , um , sorry if I snapped . You could use some sleep . Yeah , you 're right . Pilot . Yes , Commander . I 'll wake you the microt Moya senses anything . You 're the man . Pilot let him sleep for 12 arns . Don 't wake him up no matter what . Agreed . The home movies are fascinating , Scorpy , but why show them to me ? Patience , and all will be clear . The Scarran 's name was Tauza . No one else entered , nor spoke to me . With what condition were you born ? Sebacean heat delirium . Also known as the Living Death . Who saved you from it ? Scarrans . Who specifically ? You . Are you Scarran or Sebacean ? Scarran . Then you cannot be weak . Sebaceans are weak . You must become strong . Scorpius : She did teach me strength and ... assisted of course by the usual Scarran incentives , I was also taught endurance . Th ... thirsty . Your liquid is here . But you must come and get it . Can 't ... There are Sebacean impurities in your physiology . You must overcome them . Water ... please ... ( slurping ) You pathetic infant . Never use that word to me again . ( loud thud ) ( pained sigh ) ( sighs ) A brief respite before we continue . A Prowler ? Pilot : Yes , sending a distress signal . Pilot , Starburst away immediately . No . - No ? Pilot , this is definitely bait for a trap . This is exactly the same way that the Retrieval Squad ambushed Talyn . Moya detects no other vessels , nor anything that could conceal them . Besides , the occupant of the Prowler is a Relgarian . What 's a Relgarian ? A species Moya and I trust . What , as opposed to us ? Transmission coming in now . Leviathan vessel , I am Linfer . ( speaks alien language ) Pilot , do not answer them . ( speaking alien language ) Pilot : Moya and I greet you in return . May I come aboard ? Pilot : Of course . Deploying the Docking Web now . Pilot ? - I must say again , I truly don 't believe this is necessary . Well then , humor us . DRDs are in position . ( DRDs beeping ) D 'Argo ( over P.A. ) : Prowler Pilot . Move towards the hangar doors and , uh , leave your weapons behind . ( sniffing ) I did it ! Did what ? Solved the shielding problem . I knew it 'd work . Where 's John Crichton ? I need to speak to him and to Pilot . Lady , you gotta talk to us first . You have nothing to fear from me , and much to gain . Tell Crichton I offer him the secret to wormhole travel . I don 't like these readings . Are they at critical levels ? No , but they soon will be . Then proceed as Scorpius instructed . Crichton : All right , Scorpy . Pick it up . Let 's get this story over with . Tauza 's attempts to teach control weren 't entirely unproductive . I discovered my hybrid body had a unique talent . The ability to perceive energy signatures in living organisms . Each species is different . Still another weakness in Sebacean physiology : the skin . It 's soft , permeable , easily penetrated . I soon discovered another trait of energy signatures . They often changed when the subject was being less than honest . Sebaceans are a deficient breed . Doubtless , that 's why Peacekeepers wanted to hybridize them with Scarrans . Tauza lied about the Peacekeepers . I 'll have to take your word for that . Oh , she lied . Which only made me more determined to discover the truth about my parentage . Of course , to do that , I had to escape . I feigned obedience . Over time , she grew careless . But I did not . And fortunately my education included basic technology . I 'd often watch Tauza operate the controls , dragging up data for my lessons , and I have an excellent memory . So it wasn 't difficult to gain information about my prison , which turned out to be a Scarran dreadnought . It was passing through a neutral system . I jumped ship in an evacuation pod and hid out on a Commerce Planet . And you lived happily ever after . Is this fairy tale over with yet ? Everything I 've shown you is true . No doubt . Scorpy the teenage hero outwits the Scarrans , makes it looks easy . Are you going for pity or applause ? Neither . Pilot : Scorpius is alive ? Yes . But Crais and Talyn destroyed his Marauder . Yeah , and Scorpius was elsewhere , laughing at ' em the whole time . It 's another grand Scorpy fake out . I knew the bastard wasn 't dead . All right ! Why did he send you ? Commander ! I came to you on my own . Scorpius 's obsession with wormholes is making him irrational . Scorpius is not alone in that regard . How did you find us ? I correctly theorized that the wormhole we discovered was part of a nexus of wormholes . I checked several of the system 's exit nodes , hoping that one of them would have attracted you for study . So you got lucky . I would have fled regardless . I 'm convinced that whether Scorpius succeeds or fails , I would be terminated . The craft you flew through the wormhole . Did it employ phase shielding ? ( sighs ) Then I assume it didn 't . Hence you are the lucky one . If that wormhole had been unstable in its rantath flux variance , as most wormholes are , you wouldn 't have survived the journey . How did you survive ? I have developed a unique spectrum of negative phase shielding which will allow any craft to safely traverse any wormhole . I offer you this knowledge . At what price ? Moya . ( gasps ) No deal . I would treat her far better than you and the others have . You know my species ? Yes . Then you know our history with Leviathans . Crichton : I don 't ... and I 'm the one with the gun . Pilot : Linfer 's is a peaceful race of explorers . They use Leviathans to journey into deep space , areas completely unknown . Something Moya and I have dreamed of doing . Crichton : Pilot ? You and Moya would really consider this ? Moya and I would never abandon you Commander . Yes , but given the choice ? After I escaped , I traversed the Uncharted Territories for several cycles , unable to learn anything of my parents . In desperation , I flew into Peacekeeper space , and surrendered to the first Command Carrier I encountered . I 'm Captain Molayne , and you 're ... I have chosen the name Scorpius . Interesting choice . I 've seen the logs of your interrogation . Quite a life you 've had , if your testimony is true . It is . But there were some questions you refused to answer . As I told your interrogators , there were some topics I will only discuss with a flag officer . ( laughs ) Captain 's is as high as you 'll get , I 'm afraid . You 'll deal with me , or with more interrogators . Frankly , I 'm a far better choice . I propose an exchange of information . I gave you only a summary of my life aboard the dreadnought . There is much more I could tell you about Scarran behavior . Vessel design , security arrangements , and so forth . Oh , we could of course simply force that information out of you . Doubtful . And unnecessary . My price is not high . I remind you , I came to you voluntarily . All right . What 's the price ? I was taught that I 'm the product of a forced birthing between a Peacekeeper male and a Scarran female . I believe that to be false . I want to know the truth . Why ? So you can find out who you are ? To find out who I should be . Everything you tell us will be cross-checked . If we find you 've been feeding us misinformation ... I will be executed as a spy . Hold out your hands . We 've correlated what you 've told us so far . The pieces fit . We know what happened . The Scarran lied to you . Scorpius : The good Captain told me about a Leviathan full of Sebacean pioneers , on its way to colonize a planet in the Uncharted Territories . It was brutally attacked by a Scarran convoy , and all the civilian passengers slaughtered . One Transport Pod managed to escape and make a planetary landing . These next images are not memory , but reconstruction , based on the log tapes that Captain Molayne shared with me . We 've reached the planet and managed to land the Pod at approximately mid-sun . What are you recording ? A complete log ... and a distress call with locator vectors . Do you think I should transmit it ? No . The Peacekeepers don 't care about us . Why tip off the Scarrans that we survived ? You can 't blame the Peacekeepers for what happened . They did warn us we were traveling outside their patrolled space . They didn 't warn us we might run into a Scarran massacre ! Don 't you think they would have if they had known ? Even if they suspected it , they should 've provided escort . If this sector was dangerous , then we shouldn 't have come at all ! How the frell were we supposed to ... I shouldn 't take it out on you . This was supposed to be our home . Well , we 're here . No tools , no supplies , no grain seed . Just one Pulse Pistol and whatever is in this Pod . Like real pioneers . ( door opening ) Rylani ! ( screaming ) No ! No ! ( screaming and groaning ) The Pod was found , containing one corpse , a male Sebacean , but no trace of the female . Rylani ? That was her name ? Yes . Rylani Jeema Dellos . Born on New Heather , disappeared on the Motak Four colonization flight . Age 22 cycles . ( sighs ) The Peacekeepers didn 't bother to salvage the Transport Pod . Captain Molayne told me where to find it . Apparently , nobody had touched it in at least ten cycles . Or so I thought . Tauza : The Pod is sealed . Do not attempt escape . ( groaning ) ( screaming ) Scorpy , why would Mama Scarran go to all that trouble to recapture you ? Well , setting a trap in a Transport Pod wasn 't that much trouble . I should 've foreseen it . I deserved what came next . ( computer beeping ) ( electrical zapping ) ( gasping ) Too feeble to conquer your own deficiencies without help . ( gasping in pain ) You are Scarran , or you are nothing . We tried to make you one of us . How could you reject that for a lesser species ? Give me a full account of your actions since your escape . Begin with all Peacekeeper encounters . ( screaming ) ( gasping ) Tell me . ( panting ) ( screaming ) ( gasping ) It 's time to bring him out of it . No . ( gasping ) The readings are now critical . What he 's trying to achieve is even more critical . He 'll survive . ( grunting ) ( gasping ) Tell me . ( screaming ) All right , all right , enough all ready ! Scorp ! Take five ! ( gasping ) Apologies , John . Apologies . Always easy to get lost in one 's memories . Readings are back within tolerance . He survived . He always survives . That 's true . I will stop now . For the moment . I don 't care ! Check all the access logs again ! For what ? Sir , Linfer 's Prowler can 't be found . We think ... we aren 't sure ... but , uh , we 're checking now . - What ? She may have accessed certain restricted datafiles before she left , which may , or may not , mean ... You think she intended to defect ? As I say , we-we aren 't sure . Well , find out . ( growling ) Get some answers . If Strappa doesn 't move fast enough , give him some extra incentive . Clear ? Quite clear , sir . Keep checking ! Keep-keep checking ! Crichton : I hate to break it to you guys , but Moya and Pilot are for it . Sounds more like they aren 't against it . That 's not the same thing . You 're actually considering handing Moya over to a stranger ? A stranger who works with Scorpius . She ditched Scorpius . - Well , claims she did . I believe that part . - There you go . It 's this " deep space explorer " dren I don 't believe . I ... I think she just wants Moya so she can put some Starbursts in between her and Scorpius . Even if we were to agree ... Which we don 't . ... what happens to us ? With wormhole tech we can drop you anywhere you want to go . Home , if you want . - Oh , great . That 's if you can get it to work . We 're going to test it first and until it works , all Linfer gets is a guest room . Oh , just what we need . Another guest . ( scoffing ) : Didn 't you come on board as a " guest " ? Crichton : That 's the point . We 're all guests here , and if Moya wants to go with ... Can you stop pretending this is anything other than your idea ? This exactly the attitude that got Zhaan killed . That 's low . Too bad . - D 'Argo ! Leave him alone . - Leave me alone ! Crichton : Terrific , this is what we 're arguing about ? The chance to stay cooped up together ? You know , if I was Moya , I wouldn 't want us here . I brought you some food . The others are still arguing . That 's what we do best around here . It no longer matters . I was wrong . ( gasping ) What is that ? The start of tissue liquefaction . Induced by exposure to rantath flux in the wormholes . Apparently , my spectrum of phase shielding was only sufficient to delay its onset . I request a favor . Crichton : How the hell did she get loose ? Pilot , get that Prowler back here . Thank you , Pilot for granting my request . I 'm sorry we won 't travel together . Taka hai ... taka ho . ( alarm sounds ) Pilot , you let her go ? Correct . She was dying . Well , we might have helped her . The offer was made . She refused . She said the cellular breakdown was irreversible . There was nothing we could do . So , you just let her fly away and blow herself to bits ? Correct again . That 's a beautiful decision , man . It 's funny how you support Pilot only when you both want the same thing . That 's crap , Jool . Truth is never crap . We have no other choice . Do not interfere unless absolutely necessary . But , sir ... - Quiet . I have shared these memories for a reason . To show you what Scarrans are like . Preaching to the choir , Scorpy . I got no love of Scarrans . Then help us . Scarrans far outnumber Peacekeepers . Without superior weaponry , we will be crushed . You want to kill them , they want to kill you . I do not see a hell of a lot of difference . You let me finish , I 'll show you the difference . You lied about my parents . Yes . To secure your allegiance . To make you hate Sebaceans as you should . You failed . - You defy me ? Then see how easily Sebaceans break down and beg . See your deplorable heritage . Behold , your parents . Please . Help me ! ( crying ) Let me go . Please ! Please ! No ! We 're nearly finished , John . You are the product of a Scarran male and a Sebacean female . The mating process shattered her fragile psyche . During the gestation , she pleaded for death . You killed her . Your birth was difficult . You killed her . ( gagging ) ( retching ) In 90 other such matings , the Sebacean female and her offspring perished . You were the only one we saved . Why ? To find out if Sebacean genetics could serve us . But we now realize that Sebaceans have no value , even as breeding stock . Instead , the Sebacean race will be eradicated . And you will further that objective by telling us all you can about Peacekeepers . Can 't speak . Thirsty ... Ahh ... ( yells ) ( grunting ) ( yells ) ( groaning ) Scorpius : After my previous escape , the Scarrans should have instituted some rudimentary security on their Transport Pods . But they hadn 't . Scarran hubris . Their primary failing . You bailed again . I sent out a locator signal which enabled a Command Carrier to overtake and destroy the Scarran dreadnought . The Peacekeepers were most appreciative . First Command have responded to my request . Given your unique status and clear loyalties , you are hereby exempted from all Purity Regulations . So if you haven 't changed your mind ... Captain Molayne , I tender my application for Peacekeeper service . Excellent . Through faithful service , I quickly advanced in rank , and created a special task force to develop wormhole technology . Sweet move . Join the army , get them to pay for your pet project . You think I want wormholes to betray Peacekeepers and to conquer the universe myself ? I don 't want power , I want revenge . I want to wipe out the Scarrans before they wipe us out . My people , yours , your friends , everyone you care about . I 've already lost people I care about , because of you . Where is my revenge , Scorpy ? I 've done what I thought necessary . You 're entitled to despise me for it but nonetheless , you and I have a common enemy , Scarrans . They plan to exterminate the Sebaceans , but they won 't stop there , nor with Luxans , Delvians , Baniks or a thousand other lower life form . They 'll stop when they 're the only sentient species left . And if they discover wormhole technology before we do , the galaxy is theirs . And eventually , John , they will find Earth . Your race is defenseless . They 'll be raped and slaughtered , unless you help us . These are the wormhole calculations the Ancients left in your mind . We can 't decode them . You can . Go on , unlock it . Give us the weapon we need to defeat the Scarrans . Scorpius ... It 's not mine to give away . You remember what the Ancients told me ? John ... " If you 're not smart enough to discover it for yourself , you 're not smart enough to use it wisely . " Froy : His temperature 's climbing . He 's in danger . ( gasping ) Well , thanks for the slide show . Gotta go . No John , you cannot leave . I 'll find my own way out . You must retrieve it ! Scorpy , I 'm off the clock . John ! ( panting ) We have to intervene . Retrieve ... Not yet . He 's on to something . data ! Oh , Scorpy ... you 're getting kind of warm to the touch . You should take a break and calm down . Froy : The neural stress is killing him . Not yet . I 'm removing the chip . I said keep away from him . My duty is to Scorpius . So is mine . ( yells ) I will not let you leave ... Do you think ... that neural clones go to heaven ? Well , wherever I wind up , when I see your mama , I 'll be sure to give her your regards . ( screams ) ( cries out ) ( panting ) ( yelling ) ( screaming ) ( groaning ) John ? John ? If you are here to give me another lecture , go away . Well , if you are going to be as sour as an unmated flibisk , I will go away . What the hell 's a flibisk ? A flibisk ... a flibisk is a , uh ten-legged creature about this big . Very tasty , if prepared right . But if you prevent it from mating , it gets very disagreeable . Hell , who doesn 't ? You ever think we 've been on this boat way too long ? Constantly . But so far , all the other alternatives have been worse . Well , here 's to that changing . You know , Scorpy 's still out there . He 's working on the wormhole tech and he 's a lot further along than I am . He hasn 't found it yet . And Linfer was wrong . But Linfer found us . And if she can , Scorpy can . Velka nine , exponent nine , devra four , three , one . Equivalence maslet nine , palanek square , equivalence integral nine . Velka hypercube brell marak . Six ierg one . That 's everything I recall . It 's incomplete , but it should be enough to put us in the correct track . Oh , it certainly will , sir . I can already see solutions to several previously unknown variables . Then resume work . Sir . Cybernetics Section verifies the neurochip circuits were destroyed by the heat . It doesn 't matter . We may now have the data we need . Will that be all , sir ? For the moment . Lieutenant , your recent performance ... has been exemplary . Thank you , sir . I was concerned that I 'd made the wrong decision . Nurse Froy made the wrong decision . Yours was correct under the circumstances . Thank you , sir . I hope my conduct continues to find favor .
