 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. A Splendid Farewell Ridoriasu Steps Up The Science Research Compages , SRC Vice captain Assemble now .. be quick Yes These members are made up of the SRC elites by a private research conglomerate From rescue activities to catching monsters .. Protection .. to investigation on abnormal phenomena It 's an expert group specializing in a varieties of aspects Doigaki Captain It 's energy reaction again Look Morimoto , lock the area I 'm doing it now You 're really impatient It comes out It 's active in R2 So beautiful This is beautiful Really beautiful What is this light source ? This is .. It 's structure .. is composed of genetic structures That is to say It is alive ? Is light a life ? That is .. also a kind of light particle It seems all the petals have fallen to the ground This is a flower virus Flower virus ? Take a look at this Yes .. The energy is speeding up over the limit SRC Monster Protection Area Kapuya Island Administrator Ikiyama , copy Administrator Ikiyama , copy Haruno , you are here again ? Right No Ridoriasu You are really rude Ridoriasu Oright .. let 's go Ridoriasu , follow me You did a good job , Haruno Good .. Ridoriasu Don 't just think it 's big .. Sometimes it 's quite poor Is there any solution ? Let it be free .. A monster is always a monster This is useless But it 's so tamed and cute Just like you are a couple Haruno Do you wanna give up being a pilot and work with me ? I think you 'd better work in the Monster Administration Center Eyes ? Why do you come so abruptly ? Kapuya Island ? Confirm the light source By this ? Right .. Let me deactivate the protection net The code matches Ikiyama , long time no see Hiura , what happened ? There 's a new monster ? No .. I came to check this place up Let me introduce to you The backup pilot in the Universe Development Center I am Haruno Musashi Musashi ? You heard about this name before ? Because that guy knows monsters so he 's famous in SRC I see Who cares about the pilot while he 's on duty ? This kid ? Kid ? What 's wrong ? Ridoriasu What happened ? That .. Ridoriasu likes this boy very much Dangerous What ? What 's wrong , Ridoriasu ? Captain It 's the light What ? Damn I 'll kill this guy Go away What do you want ? Don 't shoot it Shut up , hands off Dangerous .. Chase it Yes .. Ridoriasu The protection net is broken Ridoriasu Don 't go .. Ridoriasu Captain calls the headquarters Yes , captain We 've found the light source Now Ridoriasu has flown towards Tokyo I see Lock OEWO9 Return to the earth Find Ridoriasu I think it will be in Area J1 I see Morimoto .. Area J1 Get ready for an emergency bailout Got it J1 .. J1 This is Eyes Prepare for an emergency bailout for all the citizens Prepare for an emergency bailout for all the citizens J1 .. J1 This is Eyes J1 Emergency bailout Wait for me , Ridoriasu I will have to .. bring you back Ultraman I will show you how I save Ridoriasu I promise to you To be a real warrior Be quick. be quick Be quick Mr. Police I don 't know if I can make it Yes , I see Here .. be quick Doigaki Yes .. Doigaki enters Area J1 Got it Be quick Vice captain What 's wrong , Doigaki Vice Captain .. Ridoriasu is back This way Captain , the light .. The light is controlling it No .. It 's not true What 's going on ? That light came from Ridoriasu There 's a sudden change in Ridoriasu Its look is changed Ridoriasu This is light .. virus Captain , all the citizens have fled Oright , the windblow Launch it Grasp tight Got it Fire Captain , that guy isn 't Ridoriasu anymore Let 's give up now Captain , let 's attack it Wait That is .. That guy What 's he doing ? Ridoriasu What 's wrong with you ? You hear me ? Ridoriasu ? You wanna persuade Ridoriasu That 's incredible Let 's go back now This is not a place where you should live in Great , you 're a good bird Go .. Ridoriasu That 's it Go Okay , that 's great Ridoriasu , it 's turning back Good Good .. that boy Oright , follow me Let 's go back to the island Ridoriasu Ridoriasu Captain , it 's the security guards What ? Hiura , let us take over We can fix it soon Stop Stop attacking No , Ridoriasu You can 't attack the guards Stop , Ridoriasu Haruno , what are you doing ? Captain , there 's detection of lives What ? A overwhelming life is approaching Captain , that .. Haruno I 'm missing you I wanna see you Don 't give up , Haruno That sound .. Where is it from ? I won 't give up I wanna be the real .. I wanna be the real warrior Ultraman Cosmos That is .. How is that possible ? It must be a lie Ultraman Cosmos Stop your attack . Stop your attack Is the light virus gone ? This is the legendary .. man He 's back Ultraman Cosmos I .. I 'm becoming .. Ultraman Cosmos Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Haruno who 's just joined Eyes On his first mission He faced the real test of the mission to cope with Gorumede And then .. Gorumede becomes a beginning for Kaosugorumede Ultraman Cosmos is also turned into a heat giant that absorbs sun light Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Shadow of Kaosu 's Head Because the tender and strong power is gonna change everything
