 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... Waroga Attacks Waroga comes in Which one is better ? I am Yamasaki from Yinping Astronomy Center There 's an emergency Shinobu Don 't call me Shinobu You are misunderstanding our relation I only misunderstand you What 's wrong ? By the way You haven 't received the physical check-up report You EYES Hiura and Doigaki have finished the check-up and the other members haven 't come for the check-up That means we are healthy How can you say so ? If you don 't check your body how do you know that ? And you 're a vice captain You are always like that How will you ask your members to maintain healthy ? Oh ... little girl Come for a check-up You hear that ? I 'll squeeze some time for lit It 's really unbelievable You are looking for me I think anyone from EYES can help us convey the message Originally We are not qualified to choose anyone What ... has happened ? 4 hours ago The Defense Guards received a strange signal And ... That was Waroga Waroga ? What was it about ? Tonight at 12 It will show up at MW3 It 's a warning ? For us ... This is a message for Ultraman For Ultraman ? No matter what is its intention It 's just an invader Defense Guards want us to take some actions this time This time ... We need to unite our force with the Defense Guards You hear that ? Got it Location MW3 I have mixed Nothing his happened here The Defense Guards attack first We will cover them ? Only this time I am Doigaki I have arrived at MW3 We are approaching the location So slow What ? Waroga It appears Fight now Fight now Fire Fire Fire Fire Go now Damn Step back Step back Here ... here Lock on Vice captain Waroga Calm down , Musashi You can 't be too impatient Observe the situation Hey , Musashi Musashi I am your opponent Send him to the hospital Yes You 're making it a fuss Only my hand is hurt Which one ? It hurts What do you want ? Can 't you be good ? You are the vice captain But you 're my patient now Listen to me His brain was seriously hit Now he 's still not conscious When ... When will he recover from it ? We 'll observe his condition for a while What if he doesn 't wake up ? What will happen to him ? Then ... No way ... This guy is not that weak He 's in coma now But he will wake up The Defense Guards are weakened So are we Shinobu and Musashi can 't work together in the short run So we don 't have to work with the Defense Guards ? Fubuki Doesn 't Waroga want to destroy us ? Why does it disappear ? As to this point First , the time and location he appeared Whether in the past or just now He always shows up at night I think it is afraid of light Who lets you come out ? I won 't listen to you You have to think for the doctors We are caring the patients What if you are wounded again ? What can we do ? I will be more careful next time Next time ? Every moment from now Sure So please go back to your room According to our research If we use light to cope with Waroga It might be useful This ... We have thought about it Don 't worry According to Waroga 's declaration It will not come back again We have intercepted Waroga 's strange signal The time is the same but the location is HF7 So it 's the SRC medical center Let 's run now Go ... Please go to the front It 's not too late now We can evacuate all the patients before 8 o 'clock We are saved But ... Who knows if Waroga will appear in the vicinity of the center Waroga Let 's be quick He 's earlier than expected You ... Who are you going to hurt this time ? - Fight - Got it Fire Fire Aim Fire Fire Fire Fire Damn ... the power is cut Fire now It 's really tough Run for your life The building is under attack Come on ... Dr. Kawaya What 's wrong ? Ms. Shinobu insists to go out and launch a counterattack You can 't go out I 'm not gonna mess it up Because I found Waroga 's weakness I see Go ahead Thank you Waroga is moving towards the medical center How can we let him make it Go Got it Captain Fubuki ! I 'm relying on you Got it All the members are defeated EYES members have retreated All our attack actions failed This is the last one ? No , still being confirmed It 's coming It 's coming Coming . That 's noisy Re-activate the engine Go forwards How can we yield ? The tank There is still one tank left secure I will defeat you Waroga 's goal What is it ? I won 't be defeated Cosmos ! Your goal ... Is it possible ... Come on That is ... Right there Fire Your weakness Fire Right here Super missile Good job Don 't run Great Shinobu It 's truth , where is ... Great , isn 't it ? I 'm count all the same days You have reached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode The creature living at ease in the universe No one knows its way of living When will it appear ? And where will it go ? No one knows They say it 's called Snow Flake When it appears at the other side of the shy It his become the monster , Alukela Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Snow Flake in the Universe What color ... will its light be tinged with ?
