 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Evil Giant Kaos the Ultraman Neiltlant Jr . Comes on Kaos ' head knew the secret between Musashi and Ultraman Cosmos Then invaded the Treasure Base During the keen fight Kaos ' head invades Musashi and copied the power from Ultraman Cosmos then became Kaos , the Ultraman Before this biggest opponent The power of Ultraman Cosmos is exhausted eventually And lost the fight After Musashi woke up He was captured by the Kaos ' head Musashi Where are you ? This is ... Musashi ... I 'll go help Fubuki Thank you very much Doigaki Can you think some ways to save Musashi ? I 'll try Musashi I am coming to rescue you Damn It 's not work at all I don 't know if Musashi is okay ? He 'll be fine We will rescue him What happened ? There is huge reactions of creatures in HK4 This is ... Neiltlant It 's the same with the monsters on Kapuya Island Is it woke up because of the fight between the Ultraman Cosmos and the fake one ? Neiltlant Why it appears now ? What is going on here ? Captain A large number of light that surrounds Musashi ... What ? Kaos the Ultraman Is it trying to kill Neiltlant ? Does Kaos ' head invade monster ... with the power of Ultraman Cosmos too ? It 's gone Ayano Check where did Kaos the Ultraman go Understand Captain Kaos the Ultraman goes toward Kapuya Island The Kapuya Island ? Is he trying to control the monster on the island ? Ayano Contact with the Managing Center of Monsters right now Tell them to ready for a net Understand This is EYES Is this guy trying to become Kaos the Ultraman too ? According to our investigation of Kaos the Ultraman We found there are 50 times energy more than original After copied the shape of the Ultraman Will it enlarge the power of Kaos ' head too ? Yes It only needs a Kaos the Ultraman It can control 50 monsters Hiura Do you understand what I meant ? Hiura If we let Kaos the Ultraman to invade the Kapuya Island All the monsters will suffer disasters Of course I know that So Please complete the antibody of Kaos ' head quickly But I think you knew that Kaos ' head is still evolving through this event I think the antibody of Kaos ' head can 't be used temporarily Anyhow We can 't sit watching like this If we watch it to take the monsters on Kapuya Island hopelessly ... Please wait a moment Yes Can you give me more time ? You have 24 hours If you can 't solve the problem before that I 'll take care of all monsters on Kapuya Island If it goes this way I can 't save whether Musashi or the monsters on Kapuya Island What should I suppose to do ? If Doigaki could find some way to solve the problem It would be great Musashi Musashi Cosmos Where is here ? We are in the trap of Kaos ' head Then you couldn 't change your shape to me How could that happened We have to find a way to get out of here What a pity We can 't do anything so far Monsters are companions Save the monsters All monsters are our companions What do you mean ? Musashi Kaos ' head in order to not let us change He knew your thoughts My thoughts ? Monsters are companions All monsters are our companions All - All - I won 't let you do this What should I suppose to do ? What should we do Captain Do you find some ways out ? That 's it Then as long as I mix the antibody of Kaos ' head with the mineral of light Is it going to work ? Maybe it can 't defeat Kaos ' head completely But I think it can disturb it at least We have to stop the Kaos ' head which is rising in revolt everywhere right now The Kaos ' head was a body of gathering light If it was disturbed Then we can rescue Musashi for sure Please It must be worked You stand back farther I will You don 't have to say that Let me see The Kaos ' head It worked It worked What happened ? Kaos Neiltlant appeared Kaos Neiltlant ? I can 't believe at this moment Start the Orange State You don 't have to do it when we go to capture Kaos Neiltlant Commander Sayuan We will deal with the monsters that controlled by Kaos ' head from now on It 's not necessary for the EYES to turn out for work Captain Go to capture Kaos Neiltlant before the Defend Troops take care of it Neiltlant The Kaos ' head wants to stop us to rescue Musashi by using Neiltlant Quick Fubuki Musashi Change your shape quick Cosmos Cosmos It appears It appears Is that .. new style ? A chess-man of the General ? A flying car on the front A dragon on the back It is used for capturing It can change the attacking form into capturing form Besides for this condition It prepared High-energy Wave and bombs to attack Kaos ' head High-energy Wave Fire The bomb against Kaos Fire Neiltlant comes back to normal Great Laser Fencing Fire It 's awesome This is the Capture System which more powerful than Laser Fencing The Ultraman Cosmos won If Kaos the Ultraman disappeared Then the monsters on Kapuya Island are safe It 's okay It 's okay Musashi Fubuki Doigaki Musashi Are you alright ? Yes I am so sorry to make you worried Right We worried about you so much Right ? Fubuki What 's going on with you ? Musashi You ... shouldn 't ... What ? No Nothing You are fine anyway Let 's go back Okay Let 's go back Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode The mystery Space man A strange Space Ship is approaching the earth The college girl who is involved Sedbact captured me before A destroying system appears suddenly Then How is the destiny of them ? Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Green Fugitive Fight It 's the way to protect the other side
