 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... Eclipse Kaosugoru Mebit Literiyasu comes in Ellegale is the monster that spits gas from its head Ellegale is defeated by Kaosugoru I sing all his energy Ultraman is trying to overturn the situation Cosmos I ... can 't ... be any stronger ? Musashi Cosmos Cosmos Musashi Cosmos Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos , can you hear me ? Can you hear my voice ? Cosmos the light ... Need backup force ? We need Defense Guards In dealing with the monsters that defeated Ultraman and Kaosugoru that has revived We need to work together That is to say ... we need to cooperate Right We have no reason to deny In order to fight against Kaosugoru We have no other choice On that day The 7-min eclipse that occurs every a few thousand years is coming in a few hours Work with the Defense Guards ? Right Because Kaosugoru reappears We need to take some measures Even if we work with the Defense Guards We can 't defeat Kaosugoru So you mean They have made up their mind If we don 't send for Ultraman Cosmos We will be damned Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos Why don 't you respond ? Please show up now , Ultraman Cosmos Indeed ... If my power is not enough Musashi Ayano Why are you here ? Why ? How dare you leave my room . Come on Captain , I 've found Musashi Yes I 'll keep an eve on him Brother Musashi Yushi Ayano is contacting us You must be around And the robot told us here But . Why is Yushi here too ? Because Musashi seems to be confused with something What ? Nothing I 've told him everything And then this guy is coming to cheer you up I hope it will bring your energy I hope it can give you courage So next time ... I can give you courage Long time no see , Musashi Yushi Thank you Thank you 1420 MHz is the expected frequency Ultraman Cosmos uses this frequency What 's wrong , Musashi Musashi Musashi Cosmos I can hear your voice Musashi Where are you going ? Cosmos Look Musashi , can you hear me ? Sure I can ... Cosmos Captain ... We detect Kaosugoru in V3 Finally it appears Captain ... The Defense Army . Attack Formation Spread Attack Got It Got it Attack Formation Dismiss Now The only one who can defeat Kaosugoru is Ultraman Cosmos Here Ayano A little bit to the right Yushi , stay put Shanyo , to the left Right Musashi The signal is weak What ' ? Because of the insufficient light ? Captain Kaosugoru 's going into the forest where Ultraman Cosmos is Forest ? Why ? Because of the 420MHz frequency Cosmos Is he still there ? That guy wants to attack Ultraman Cosmos I am Musashi Kaosugoru is coming to you You 'd better leave now Got it Ayano Kaosugoru is coming Run now What ? Shanyo Take Yushi away Yushi Please ... Ayano Is it okay ? Musashi ? Is this helpful to Ultraman Cosmos ? Ayano Let 's run now or we can 't make it I wanna help Ultraman Cosmos If you don 't give him a little bit more light Ultraman Cosmos won 't appear again Ayano Danger Literiyasu Literiyasu Ayano Ayano Ayano Literiyasu Literiyasu has broken through the protection net Captain Hiura I am Ikiyama I 'm sorry I opened the protection net and let Literiyasu go Why did you do that ? If I didn 't do that .. No matter how many times Literiyasu will break it I can 't stand it And ... I don 't know what it is worrying about Ikiyama But ... I don 't know if this is right or not Captain , Literiyasu Kaosugoru has invaded Literiyasu I knew that Even if Literiyasu wants to help us If it is invaded It will be damned Why ? Why can 't Kaosugoru influence Literiyasu ? Right If so .. Because there 's an antibody inside Literiyasu It was once invaded but has recovered We won 't be influenced again Let 's go save Literiyasu Got It Got it Ayano You are awake Musashi I can see Ultraman Cosmos What ? That is so incredible Why can I see Ultraman Cosmos too ? Because you have the dream to protect the monsters As long as there is courage You can see Ultraman Cosmos Light You 'd better .. supply him some light Ultraman Cosmos will disappear Ayano Ayano Ayano Give me your courage And then Then . Give everyone 's courage to me Ultraman Cosmos Can you hear me ? Do you hear my voice ? Musashi I can see your heart I was apart from you Because you were in danger Cosmos I can 't supply you some light But . If I can give you anything else This ray ... Musashi is calling me with glitters Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos If there 's anything I can give you That is .. The tenderness and courage that everyone gave me And also Courage The pose of the new Ultraman Cosmos You want to make Literiyasu a scapegoat ? What is Ultraman Cosmos planning to do ? What 's going on ? What happened ? The reaction of Kaosugoru inside Literiyasu is gone too That 's just intended to remove the virus not to attack Literiyasu The tenderness and courage That is what the ray means ? Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles Brother Musashi Musashi - Musashi ! - Can you do it ? Everyone Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Koriwakan has a great change It is controlled by Kaosugoru and has turned into a big robot You can 't attack your friend now In order to remove the virus if there is any deviation Koriwakan might be dead Will Musashi take any measure ? Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Saving Koriwakan The most important of all ... Trust and Courage
