 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Green Fugitive Saidobakuto comes in SRC search mission is intended to make sure if there 's any UFO And EYES members have rushed to the scene It 's a bird Wow . This is really rare Its life response .. It 's human Don 't worry We are EYES EYES ? You are a clone Clone You ... The green woman and ... the tall man ? The green substance collected at the scene Now Doigaki is analyzing it But ... What a coincidence We meet Kazumi again There 's nothing surprising That 's because she 's interested in this kind of strange things and she wants to take some exclusive photos But it 's no ghost or monster By the way What does " clone " mean ? Captain That is because ... Shut up What 's the relation ? Fubuki This photo looks strange What 's wrong ? But ... Look How can you scare us with it ? This dammed college student What do you want ? I think there are ghosts in this tunnel They say ... During the 3-King Era I 'm not asking about that I 'm asking you about the photo This is fake You are so rude This is something It 's a cat-like dog Why do I need this photo ? As to the ghost photos .. Please wait and see Hey Listen What you saw yesterday was a female ghost An alien ? We analyzed the green stuff She is an alien So ... What I saw ... was a alien ghost ? Can 't you come up with something else ? Please give us the photos This is important What 's wrong with you ? You don 't look in a good condition Nothing ... By the way Let 's go to sing Karaoke Karaoke ? I ... just wanna sing songs This is the condition for exchanging the photos I mean .. I 'm on duty now I can 't go to Karaoke at this moment I 'm just joking Joking ... joking I saw . You are a clone and I don 't wanna go out with you You idiot Damn This guy is the trouble-maker Very nasty Are you okay ? I have a headache You have a fever This .. The ghost caught it last night What ? Why didn 't you tell me ? You are a robot ? He 's an officer of that planet Right According to his profile This robot is configured to kill the enemies of that planet And this female alien escaped the planet to avoid his pursuit She 's the only survivor who had made to this planet But ... Why did this robot configured to kill his enemies hurt Kazumi ? Malfunction ? That alien wanted to re-surge with her body That 's why she did that So .. She would be an alien ... This is just an emergency No one knows Now ... I 'm trying to solve it If we don 't hurry she might be hurt Doctor She 's awake now Robot ... What are you saving ? I was ... You are alright now Don 't worry I have defeated that robot No .. No .. There will be someone more frightening Saidobakuto After that robot was defeated he would called for his partners This is the influence of that alien It 's not just a physical reaction I think her memory might be influenced too She can 't get up Quick Take me away Saidobakuto is coming to kill me If I don 't leave here I don 't know what 's gonna happen Tech Super Boat 2 Take off Tech Thunder 4 Take off Attack We are out of the downtown now I ... Don 't talk I ... I have many things to do I don 't have a boyfriend I ... I 've never known it would be like this Damn Fubuki Damn Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos Kazumi Kazumi Kazumi Kazumi Hold on Is it okay ? Be patient I will figure it out What about the figures ? The medical center is working hard on it now They are trying to control the situation Or she .. Come on You are really a trouble-maker You make us worry How about your exclusive .. Exclusive news ? You haven 't shot the ghost photos If you insist .. you can show me I will take you to Karaoke If you want a boyfriend I can be your boyfriend So .. You can 't die Kazumi You are working hard You can 't forget What ? The promise between you and me Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode On the other side of the planet There comes a message to a young man Derugoran is a tamed monster Tech Thunder takes off again Cosmos Saving Derugoran is controlled by Kaosuhead Next Episode Friends The real friendship goes beyond the universe
