 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Flying Whale Kaosugiraku shows up I 'm going out now Come back right away after school We 're gonna have a busy day Alright I know that . Hey , Kouta Tracy takes a day off today What ? What can we do ? This .. This must be her " refusal " of going to school Because of you and that guy That kind of person I have nothing to do with him Kouta That . What ? Is it true ? This day goes on as usual But That day was different WOW .. no good No good Someone said he witnessed a whale was flying in the sky Ayano Say it again What 's flying in the sky ? I told you A whale What is that ? What is that ? Ah .. the EYES team Wow That 's really a whale It 's not ordinary This is strange Let 's check it out It 's really too big It 's 150 meters long No .. it 's not ordinary for it to fly in the sky Put that aside now We need to know if this whale is dangerous or now This is more important Musashi Yes I 'm going to scan it Don 't do it Wow Eh ? What 's going on ? Who knows Flying in the sky A whale ? I .. I will swim with the whale That 's impossible The result of the 4th device shows it 's just an illusion Illusion ? Something like a mirage ? I think so That is to say It 's not dangerous at all ? Its emergence remains a myth But we can take it as a dangerous animal Ayano Yes Last night Kaosugoru 's power was detected in Area C 1 I think it 's just a coincidence , captain Kaosugoru has nothing to do with the illusion Right ? Right ? In case anything happens Musashi , stay here I see In the mean time Just let it be I hope Kaosugoru has nothing to do with it Hey When will you stay ? Tracy You are still watching the whale Can 't I ? Not exactly But you should go out now No I 'm worried about you Your teacher and classmates will .. I hate .. I hate my friends I hate the school Get out now I hate everybody But . I just don 't hate Giraku Tracy Thanks Thanks for coming Oh , Kouji Finally you are back Can you deliver it for me ? Kouji Hey Let 's go I 'm sorry Brother . You are an EYES member ? Right What 's wrong ? I 'm thinking if it 's my fault that the whale appeared Your fault ? Can you explain to me from head to tail ? That day We were talking about our dreams And then Tracy . I hope .. I can swim with the whale What ? Whale ? I watch TV every day A woman swims with a .. huge whale like this But . The whale is tamed Just like a baby Really ? That 's impossible What ? Because you can 't swim And your health is awful You can 't swim with a whale But . This is impossible We won 't have such a dream You go overboard , Kouji Kouji , you idiot I .. I will swim with the whale Tracy The next day Tracy didn 't go to school I 'm sorry She just doesn 't want to see you Really ? Let 's go It doesn 't hurt at all We are so worried about her Right Tracy used to say before the whale in the ocean is just like flying in the sky Flying in the sky The whale .. Tracy She has been standing by the window I don 't know what to do Don 't worry It 's not your fault Really ? anyway Let 's visit Tracy now Ok What ? Giraku .. What ? Someone is going to bother us ? I won 't forgive them Who ever .. no The girl 's dream ? A whale flying in the sky ? Yes Just like a demon .. The whale was at one time swimming like a baby Suddenly , it was influenced by a certain power Captain ? Musashi Don 't leave Musashi ? Captain There 's interference of strong waves in Area C1 Request to take actions now Captain Musashi Look The whale The whale flying in the sky We detect the reaction of Kaosugoru And the value is getting higher How is that possible How come the whale .. Kaosugoru made up the whole trick It wants to use the creature just like Musashi says The girl called Tracy is very likely to be used by Kaosugoru Using the human hearts Kaosugoru Tracy Kouji Wait here Alright Musashi You have to save Tracy Alright This is a men 's promise Te evil energy creature is using the little girl 's . If this is true We have to come up with a solution You must be Tracy ? Don 't bother me Kouji told me to come to see you Don 't bother me Tracy I 'm just playing with Giraku Can I do this ? Giraku ? That name of the whale ? That night There is a bright ray in the sky Like the angel comes So I made a wish I hoped my dream would come true And the next morning Giraku appeared in the sky I just wanna play with it Wake up now It 's more than just an illusion Liar I 'm not lying to you Come here Let 's get out of this room Kouji is waiting for you No way .. No .. I don 't like you guys No .. I don 't like you guys You are disturbing me Tracy Tracy Tracy Tracy Tracy I 'm sorry Wait a moment Giraku will leave the sky What ? And then .. Things like schools . Will all be destroyed This will be great You will think so What are you talking about I don 't get it Kouji You wanna hurt me ? And make me sad ? So .. I want Giraku to punish you too Tracy The flying whale .. Becomes a monster HOW Infesting in the girl 's body It 's become a substantiated creature If it 's inside the girl 's body it won 't launch any attack What a nasty guy There is a young man on the street Ultraman Cosmos Damn I hate all of you That . Is useless ? The monster uses the ray wave .. You can never stop me If it is not stopped Ultraman Cosmos No , Tracy Tracy Why do you become so terrifying ? Didn 't I tell you Not every dream will come true I 'm sorry about that , Tracy I just felt upset at that time Because I don 't have any dream In a happy look Tracy was talking about her dreams I envy you No Don 't stop me Tracy It 's possible to swim with a whale In Dominica It 's far It 's costly But if I work hard now I can make it I will work hard I 'll study hard .. And help my father make good bread So .. I can swim with the whale This is my dream for this moment To swim with Tracy is my dream for this moment Kouji Tracy Thank you , Ultraman Cosmos Mom Tracy Who is he ? He 's Musashi of the EYES He saved you What ? It wasn 't me Do you wanna look outside now ? Look outside ? Giraku must be there Hey , Tracy Tracy Tracy Kouji is coming to visit you Be ready Look I grilled it Whale bread Everyone is waiting for you You have to get better soon Tracy Thanks Everyone . Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode EYES Atasu is a new invention of the EYES In the SRC lab There 's an ultra-dimension creature Gigi Moving rapidly The bold action . What is the intention of this mysterious ultra-dimension man ? No matter how he attacks What will happen to Hiura and Musashi ? Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Trap of Ultra-Dimension
