 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Experiment of Nightmare Gorumede Beta and the monster in Kapuya show up This is Kapuya Island the area protected by SRC Literiyasu All the monsters will be captured here " Subuttoru " Mogurudon Mirrin Ifymila Jaruga Porugiresu This is Tech Thunder 3 ... I am Musashi Control Center , please reply This is Ikiyama What 's wrong , Musashi ? You are piloting aircraft 3 ? Right Please activate the protection net Right ... come in from the entrance N3 Got it This kind of mission ... I really don 't like it Objections If we can 't secure the lives of all the monsters I can 't make it The anesthesia bomb , Dream Sleep installed in this aircraft The effect is five times as strong as we used to use But is it a must to use such strong drug ? The Captain is worried about this But we can 't refuse the order If Musashi doesn 't want to do that ... I 'll do it Fubuki They just want to test the effect of the drug and see how it might work in the next combat Musashi Dream Sleep ... as it name suggests is to be injected in the brain of the monsters And give them a good dream If we can curb a riot ... why not ? According to the experimental data the effect can 't be reached So this is called an experiment Captain ... are you sure this should be carried out ? Even if we refuse to do it The Defense Army will do it And they will still use anesthesia bombs Defense Army ? Musashi Go now I wanna help Ikiyama Only you ... Captain Literiyasu seems to be glad Sometimes it is glad That is Porugiresu Maybe it has discovered you are here It recognizes your voice ? Yes The longer you get along with him You will find them cute Even the sound of crying Porugiresu You look in high spirit It might be in danger if you get too close But sometimes I just wanna get close to it Mogurudon What is it doing ? They are friends I can 't do it Why do they want to use this on the monsters ? What 's wrong , Musashi ? Something is wrong with you ? What are you troubled with ? Ikiyama Will the monsters have sweet dreams too ? This is a strange question Of course ... they have dreams But . Maybe different from the sweet dreams we have Why ask ? In fact ... Emergency contact Emergency contact There is a monster in P5 Activate Status YELLOW Activate Status YELLOW Don 't kill him Bring it back Captain Should we inform Musashi this is an emergency case ? No ... Dream Sleep will be prioritized I see But I think we 'd better inform Musashi No ... I can 't do it That is ... Kaorumede ? No ... Correctly speaking It 's the same kind of monster as Kaorumede It 's name is Kaorumede Beta Do you still have the past record of Kaorumede ? I 'm searching for it now Let me see What about Kaosuguru 's reaction ? No reaction But its powerful destruction is highter than before After searching all the data The destruction value is high We are in a big trouble now If we are used by Kaosugoru The powerful force will turn into a terrible monster The energy is increasing It 's different from Kaosumede And It has an enormous power Very scaring Don 't let it get too close to the downtown I see I see Now ... Launch the arrest I 'm shooting the laser net The laser net is ... Damn Fubuki Gorumede Beta absorbs the external power and turn in into its own Captain Decoy it And then get close to it I see Tech Thunder 3 Musashi Why are you here ? That 's not right This is not your work Get out of here Musashi You are responsible for the experiment I can 't do it I wanna prove to you how I capture this monster Musashi Gorumede Beta body heat ... is having a drastic change now What on earth has happened to it ? Damn It 's coming back Doigaki Why does Gorumede Beta appear here ? Please analyze it What kind of monster is it ? And why does it bring such a destruction Defense Army If you can 't arrest the monster We are going to attack now Wait a moment It 's not your turn yet EYES is always ineffective At this moment We Defense Army ... has to help out You ... Your mission Let us take over now The Dream Sleep experience When will you carry it out ? Let us do it Wait ... This sloppy way of protecting the monsters I can 't agree with it What do you want ? You have 5 minutes You hear that ? Fubuki ... anesthesia bomb Shinobu , protect him I see Anesthesia bomb doesn 't work Why do you do that ? No Don 't kill it Musashi Use Dream Sleep Fire now No I can 't do it Time is up Do it now Got it You guy ... Look There are ways for coping with monsters It is still alive The defeated monster Its life reaction is getting stronger What the hell is it ? No weapon can stop that guy ? The analysis on Gorumede Beta is out now What happened to its body ? The industrial waste has an abnormal change in its body What ? Captain ... The experiment of the monster should be in the factory of the Defense Army It is very likely Gorumede Beta is from there How is that possible ? How can you do that to Gorumede ? We are too naive This is a wicked experiment You are to blame The 3rd aircraft is going to decoy it now Aircraft 3 ... Number 3 SE7 is the best place to attract it You can attract it to come here I see Let me try Musashi Go now Shinobu Backup aircraft 3 I see Doigaki We are using the mixed bomb We are setting it up Wait for us Musashi Be faster Musashi can 't hang on The setting is completed Lock Fire Ah ... the mixed bomb Musashi Danger , run now Musashi , run Gorumede Beta absorbs the power of Dream Sleep It 's getting more terrifying If it is not stopped It will turn into a more terrible monster Ultraman Cosmos Cosmos is going to force Gorumede Beta to deplete its energy Cosmos , I 'm counting on you Let him be happier Because its power is too awesome It 's painful too Gorumede Beta power is restored too Shinobu , the time has come The combat of arrest Go I see We will send Gorumede Beta to Kapuya Island Captain , please take care of Gorumede Beta . Are you alright ? This guy ... Ayano It 's coming Come on ... this monster is really bad Anyway , it 's better for it to stay here in the mean time In fact ... There 's something I have to tell you I know You don 't have to tell me I understand that Really ? This thing ... You forgot it The monster is alive You can 't take it as a case I don 't care what Dream Sleep is It 's a bullshit Right That 's it ... Save me ... Musashi Save me ... Musashi No ... Figure out a solution It likes you , Senior Ayano Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Neotorando the monster wounded in the rescue The EYES , trying to arrest it But ... The young man , Leowaya who appears at that time He is ... the leader of the Defense Army Defense Army and EYES hold different opinions on peace Who is right ? Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Monster Sniper
