 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... Friends Derugoran Kaosuderugoran comes in Shunji The rocket we launched Do you see it ? Yes By the way Shunji , did you study science when you were in Tokyo ? Yes And you also won a contest Right Do you wanna join us ? Join ? Right Our association is called .. " Rocket Boy " " and Girl " Let 's study on rockets Work hard , you guys . Goodbye Shunji Forget it I told you This really bothers If we don 't handle this Am I too loud ? You mean the comet is going to hit the earth ? As to this ... Please wait a second You wanna ask about this ? If you are not careful It would be awful if you disclose it Tell them we are investigating And don 't worry I 'm sorry You must 've waited long After our investigation I think there 's nothing big deal Eh ... is that true ? So in this situation I think it will get close to us in 3 days I think it might not influence the earth Though it really surprises us I 've never seen this kind of comet before It is great ... that it won 't hit us now Right Captain Musashi He 's in the SRC Center Thanks to him Musashi How 's the situational down there ? The situation in SRC ? What ? I can 't hear you What 's going on ? I can 't hear him Neither can I The connection was suddenly cut Let me tell you , Kazuhiro In this countryside There 's nothing at all It 's no fun And I don 't have any friend I should say I don 't want to make friends I think my classmates are very childish But we can 't be with you That 's alright We get along well We don 't need new friends Eh ? Eh ? What 's wrong ? It 's strange Our communication system It it just a blackout ? Not just the wireless system the wired system is also affected Is it because of the comet ? Communication outage is reported everywhere today And the contact with the center outside the atmosphere is lost This is attributed to the comet This comet also causes a small miracle What 's going on ? What 's going on with this ? Kazuhiro Can you hear me ? Can you hear me ? This is ... The Small-world Planet What is it ? Can anyone hear me ? Anyone ? Can anyone hear me ? 5 days ? Right Because it 's caused by the comet When it gets close to the atmosphere I see This is really troublesome You care about it ? The UFO What does that mean ? Before the communication system malfunctioned The image shot from that satellite Can you put it on the screen ? Yes This is a long-distance image We detected life response There are living creatures ? Probably And ... It 's huge This rocket moving toward the earth Shunji Shunji I won 't make rockets with you This is not what I mean to say When the next vacation comes We are going out together Let me ask you Why do you have such a close relationship ? Isn 't that good ? I wanna ask you You don 't want to make friends ? It 's not a problem if we don 't see each other I can talk to my friends everyday and we can chat on the computer But ... You can 't see each other Don 't you feel lonely ? Not at all But You can 't meet each other It 's not your business Can anyone hear me ? If anyone hears me Please answer me Here it comes again If anyone hears me Please answer me Who are you ? I can hear you Who are you ? I got connected Finally Can you understand me ? Can you really understand what I say ? Why do you say so ? You mean ... The translation system ? I thought you are Japanese You ... Where are you from ? Country ? I don 't get it The place I live in is a planet called " Small World " Small-world ? The planet is .. Where is it ? Come on Small-world ? It 's a planet a remote planet not even found on the map My name is Soru I am alone now Alone ? Right Derugoran killed my father Derugoran ? Derugoran A special monster on this planet The biologist , Soru worked with my father in the search of Derugoran They searched in every planet But ... Because the universe boat was destroyed Soru couldn 't leave this small world Derugoran used to be a tamed monster But that day It launched a riot as if under control The one who sent us the data was a 14-year-old boy Horimura Shunji This communication data was sent 2 days ago from a remote planet That is to say from an alien ? Hey ... Don 't you think it is true ? We can 't contact the universe now Why can 't we ? Neither wired nor wireless works I can 't believe it in the beginning But Let them hear the first part Yes The one called Soru said . This is not translated at tall And it doesn 't sound like any language in the world Really incredible Captain Can we go to that man 's place ? I really care about this Because he said it seems to be controlled so its sudden attack was attributed to Kaosuhead I think it 's likely Maybe ... As he has just said Derugonan has gone to the other place If it 's controlled by Kaosuhead It might come to the earth Do you mean the creature on the UFO is a monster ? It 's very ... likely Captain We 'll drive Tech Thunder to the space to confirm what the UFO is But .. We can 't contact the earth It 's too risky But we have no choice Derugoran used to be your friend ? You mean that monster ? My father and I ... have always followed it Although we were not friends But ... I felt it was our friend Who would ever know that would happen ? But ... I 'm your friend now Out of the atmosphere Control center this is Tech Thunder We 're in the atmosphere Right Exactly We can 't contact the earth We are sort of abandoned in the space We have no time to think about this Mr. Doigaki Search the UFO Got it I see Thank you , Soru I think I know the relation between Kaosuhead and Derugoran Musashi I have a request to make Request ? Derugoran is really a tamed monster Can 't you save it ? But Derugoran killed your father Even if you kill Derugoran My father won 't be revived I 'd rather hope to save Derugoran whom my father researched on I think my father would be very happy to see this Tint 's it We found the UFO near the Mars It 's gone ? What 's wrong ? I can 't believe it It suddenly goes to the earth I am Musashi Mr. Musashi , the monster is in B3 Very close to you now Got it Cosmos It 's really Kaosuhead Ultraman Cosmos defeated the mastermind , Kaosuhead and restore Derugoran The comet flies over the earth It will go back to the space But ... That also means At the time Soru and Shunji 's connection was cut I heard EYES say Soru 's planet 's too far But we can 't meet you there Do you hear me , Soru ? I can hear you But not very clearly Neither can I Is it caused by the comet ? If the comet leaves We can 't ... talk to each other anymore And I 'll be alone again I promise you , Soru I 'll make a rocket that goes to your planet And you ... Shunji In order to shake hands with you Shunji Thank you I 'll be waiting for you Forever Soru Soru Shunji , goodbye Good ... Goodbye # unrecognized text # Goodbye Shunji Soru Goodbye Soru We 'll be friends forever You are not alone anymore Soru What is on your mind ? I want to be your partner Why do you say so now ? Can 't I join you ? It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have teached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode In the alley of the ruin The singing of the kids What is real and what is hallow The incredible magical skills of the man in black control ... And control ... whatever creature in the universe Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Control the Monsters To the end of the battle What do you feel ?
