 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Sibyl in the Sky Ginibanesu comes in On that day There is a small-scale test fly in the treasure base Wait a moment Fubuki I 'll go with you I 'm just testing it I can go alone You can take me with you , oright ? Don 't bother me . Just stay here Hey Aren 't we the Fubuki Team ? Let him go alone What ? It 's a special day for him It 's been 3 years When I was in the defense army There was a recruit exam for new members Among the intents Fubuki ... and also Misaki Ai It 's done You pass the 1st test There is a dark cloud ahead of us Bypass it Yes Fubuki Damn It 's the thunder cloud Fubuki Why don 't you respond ? You lost your consciousness ? Vice Captain I 'll check it out No ... That 's the thunder cloud It 's dangerous Fubuki Fubuki Cheer up Pull up the plane Ai Misaki Ai We still don 't know where she is now Although we 've been searching for a long time We can 't find her corpse It happened before ? Our test . It 's the last day So what Let me ask you After the test What are you going to say ? Tomorrow ... Do you wanna hang out at the beach ? Let 's go to the park where we can see the ocean There is a reaction of unknown energy According to the information we have gathered It 's above H2 What 's going on ? The SAK data is released The energy reaction shows that there are 2 living creatures What ? Is it the universe living organism ? Captain The defense army has set out Their plan is shot What is that guy going to do ? Cosmos Damn What is that ? Is it possible that ... Ai I miss you so much Ai Where have you been ? Our promise Do you still remember it ? Eh ? I 'm waiting for you at the promised place The promised ... place ? Fubuki Where are you ? Have you ever heard of the sibyl legend ? The sibyl legend ? What is it ? There was a terrible sibyl in the sky If you are enticed You can never go back Captain Please take a look at this The energy reaction first shows There are two living creatures But there is only one alien I think it 's strange So I looked into it The other one is something that has wings Wings ? Do they have a life ? Something like the wings They seem to attach themselves to something After the attachment They absorb blood So you can isay they are a kind of blood-sucking creature something like leech Yes And ... This alien doesn 't fly That it to say they live in symbiosis Right It is called Gini ... And the wing-like creature is called Banesu After they are attached they are called Ginibanesu Hey , lady What 's happening ? Fubuki We are worried about you What 's wrong with you ? I 've been looking for you Something has happened Good Are you okay ? I 'm so sorry Eh ? You have a red scar here What wrong ? Is it ... Eh ? Is it possible . Yes , this is EYES Oright , right away What 's wrong ? A guard was ambushed by something and sent to the hospital I 'll check it out I " ll go with you He 's not in any danger But his blood was almost sucked out His blood ? Look ... I checked the scar This is not done by a regular animal on the earth Fubuki What are you doing , Fubuki ? Ai Ai is back Ai needs me ... What 's wrong , Fubuki Ai , cheer up You are used Wake up now She 's alright now Forget about it That was just an accident To this moment I can 't forget Ai 's flving in the sky I hope I can go back to the sky soon Even if there is any sibyl in the sky I still wannai fly I just want to fly to the sun And even the dark clouds are my friends too The sky is an important place for me Same to ime For him it seems to be a very important person Who and what on earth is it ? The alien wants to steal our data Tomorrow ... Do you wanna hang out at the beach ? At the beach where we can see the ocean You have brought it here ? Ai I have had countless dreams about coming here with you Fubuki It 's a test for him He has to overcome it by himself You are not Ai The sky is where she 's eager to go to But how can you tarnish her Don 't move Fubuki No good The universe center says the earth is being invaded now The enemies are about 1000 in number No , 2000 No , more Those guvs are really coming to invade the earth Activate status Red Red Got it Don 't run Fubuki Are you gonna shoot me ? Even the dark clouds are my friends Cosmos It 's true that she and him carry the same intention It 's my fault Fubuki My Tech Booster is over there He is escaped We can stop him here Fubuki We are going to part now Let 's fly together You are such an evil sibyl This is not a place where you should stay It 's exploding The approaching object is gone It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have teached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart ... The sky is not a place for fravs - It 's a peaceful place - Right The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode A declaration of challenge in the dark The great menace at the night Waroga appears again to take revenge Defense Guards EYES Strive to counterattack Can they greet the next sunny day ? Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Waroga Attacks When will the end of the war come ?
