 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Snow Flake in the Universe Alukela Snowstar show up This is Tech Buster The investigation over B87 is done We 're on our way back I see ... Thank you You don 't gain anything this time ? Is that the path Kaosu-head passes Doigaki ? I cm just say the possibility is high Anyway , we are still short of information Doigaki , let 's go find it out Maybe we might get anything new Musashi , look towards That is ... Snowstar It 's Snowstar It 's called the " mysterious organism " or the floating " universe snow " No one knows what exactly it is And no on knows when it comes and where it goes I heard of it before but I 've never seen it until now Is that a living creature ? Don 't be tricked they make a living by eating the radioactive garbage cast into the universe Even the Defense Army is protecting them Because they are helpful There is such a rumor When you see Snowstar you 'd better make a wish This kind of mysterious creature Is not easily witnessed And this is also the first time it is shot by the camera Ayano , we can 't make a wish in front of a television ? You have to see it in person Whatever You won 't take me there anyway Alright ... but the program is over Ah ... What wish did Ayano make ? What did you wish ? This ... What about Mr. Fubuki ? What wish did you make ? Fubuki won 't do anything so stupid - I made it . - Eh ? Come on ... what did you wish ? A peaceful world without evil Is it not possible ? No ... Because the monsters harmful to human beings ... Sometimes we have no choice but to attack them I really hope everyone of them is not harmful Come on ... You seem to wanna say something No ... nothing A monster is detected in the R2 forest area It 's moving downtown It 's approaching the downtown we have to stop it Doigaki ... is there any response of Kaosu ? ICAT6 So far , no Oright Let 's begin our hunt What a terrible destruction It would be unimaginable if it goes in town We can 't let it get close to the city Should we attack it ? I see ... Use the anesthesia bomb Got it Fire anesthesia bomb We can 't hold on Please order the attack Captain Wait The monster ... The anesthesia is taking effect It 's stopped What a close call Great We can get it under our control without killing it What 's going on here The anesthesia is not taking effect ? No ... According to the scanning It is still very conscious Why is it not moving That is because ... That monster seems dying Why ? I don 't know ... but its cells are dying It 's becoming weak Because it 's going to die ? Just like Ifemera its life is short I 'm not sure Maybe it 's just a coincidence it has a long life ... Does it have any eggs ? The problem would get thorny if it bears babies It 's not very likely If so ... what we can do now is Captain , can 't we just maintain it ? Quietly ... I wanna do that ... Can we quietly accompany the monster until it passes away ? Captain Hiura decides to maintain the alertness And not launch any attack or arrest on Alukela In order not to bring any pain to this monster What 's going on , Captain Hiura ? Why do you just let it suffer ? As I told you ... If we just leave it there it will die soon If we insist to kill it ... perhaps it might counterattack But what if your assumption is false It might be a brutal monster with strong power of destruction What if that attacks again EYES will launch the attack I can assure you Why does the monster have to be brutal ... If it 's good ... we don 't have to bother I think they are brutal because they don 't want to be brutal ... They are just acting by their instinct And Fubuki classified the monsters by good and bad But I 've never thought about it No matter what it is ... They are just living as destined Because they encounter human beings They are unfortunately classified by good or bad You 're always like this ... But maybe that is right As their shape and forms change even the same monster can be deemed good and bad at the same time This sound seems painful We can just wait and see ? So poor Maybe it 's very poor But it 's very destructive For us ... Maybe this is the best way for us The bodily reaction is gonna disappear soon It disappears completely Why ? What 's wrong ? The bodily reaction is gone I don 't think so It 's getting stronger What 's going on ? What the hell is going on here ? The cell suicide ? Right , it 's a kind of self-destruction It 's destroying its cells in order to evolve its body It wants to be different Different ? What 's going on , Captain Hiura ? That monster is gonna die Forget it ... launch attack now Wait ... As I 've promised to you We will attack it Issue red alert Captain I wanna get to the scene Attack ? Right ... No 2 is standing by in the air If I 'm prepared ... Wait , the monster is getting weaker and you want us to attack it ? It 's just a camouflage It will be alive again Can 't we wait until it happens ? It might be a stronger monster Before everything becomes too late until everything is over But ... Musashi , the Captain is right All of us are suffering But I ... You don 't get it Stay put Let 's go Thank you Eh ? I don 't want Musashi to join our action this time Let 's go The bodily reaction is getting stronger There are new cells Please forgive me I don 't hate you Attack now Got it ... What ? Cosmos ! Cosmos Cease fire I see The new form is gonna emerge A more brutal monster That is ... Snowstar Come on Is that the shape when the monster transforms ? I can 't believe it It 's splitting and evolving A monster is splitting into many Snowstars Captain Hiura , why don 't you attack ? I can 't attack now That is Snowstar It 's under the protection of Defense Army But ... when it grows up it will become that monster Perhaps ... But it 's Snowstar now It 's a good and helpful monster now Captain , is that okay ? No idea But ... from the perspective of humans it 's the best for the time being Right It 's good for us After analysis ... I finally understand In fact , it 's just releasing unnecessary energy inside his body for the transformation And we take it as a kind of assault We are so selfish that we think only about ourselves But no creature is born to hurt human beings Let 's pray now Let 's not get into any mishap with the monsters It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have reached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode Tearing the sky Monster Mazargas shows up But over his head there is light of Kaosu At that time ... The monster is eating Kaosuhead In front of the EYES that possesses newly-made weapons The monster is approaching Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Kaosu 's Enemy The monster is gonna become the hope of human beings
