 Hellzking is heading the downtown As long as Chaos Chimera can be developed We 're not like you who have been wasting time Is it really ok ? Hellzking is the only hope for the human beings Cosmos ! Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Forbidden Weapon Here comes Hellzking In the fight with Chaos Head that keeps evolving Cosmos is badly wounded It 's his extreme On the other hand the new weapon , Chaos Chimera Has a serious problem What do you mean you can 't develop it Though we successfully composed Chaos Chimera But we can 't increase it We can 't increase it If we wanna sweep the point 87 's Chaos Head We have to have the function of self-increase How come ... No , I can 't settle it down Should we change the wavelength ? Ok So do the data We 'll repeat it again Please tell the Captain give me more time Hazumi and I will solve this problem Can we produce Chaos Chimera as many as we can No , we can 't Well , we can only use that It 's time to ask them I got it I don 't think they will accept that Moving Mineral SOAGG To the defensive base ? That 's right This morning they sent the request to us It seems that this mineral has to be used When the new weapon is completed To fight Chaos Head What 's that I don 't know , either The defense army is thoroughly keeping their secret They dare have developed that They don 't trust us at all Even the development of Chaos Chimera they don 't think we can do it How come ... Ayano Yes ? Please keep spying on point 87 Roger that I will move SOAGG with you SOAGG is the high-energy mineral explored from the moon Now we understand that Chaos Head is afraid of the mineral The weapon against Chaos Head What is that Please come in Auto balance is reach The resource is increasing Go on This is ... Hellzking ? It 's impossible This guy should be broken Why does the defensive army have this ? Are you scared Eyes ? Saijo What is it all about Of course it 's the killing weapon against Chaos weapon This Hellzking will be ... The weapon against Chaos Head That 's right We secretly recycled Hellzking and recover it We strengthened it 's power We strengthened that fight machine that once let Cosmos suffer It 's too dangerous It 's an aggressive weapon from Beryl If we make any mistake ... This is impossible Hellzking electrical brain Has been completely controlled By the defensive army We 're not like you who have been wasting time Who keep wasting time on developing Chaos Chimera Saijo You talk too much , Saijo Commander Thanks for the hard work Hiura Commander Sahara Did you appoint this plan ? SOAGG is all set Send the internal image This is ... The SOAGG Reaction Stove When Hellzking loads this It can fire high-power beam Which destroys all substances We think this SOAGG Beam Is the ace to beat Chaos Head SOAGG stove reached the critical point We can start anytime Good , proceed the fighting test Got it Ground , stand by Switch the Hellzking energy to level G It 's set Start Hellzking Start Hellzking Attack Attack Fire The endurance of undertaking any attack And ... What 's that That the iron that weighs 113272 tons Iron After that we will see the incredible vision Hellzking , SOAGG Beam SOAGG Beam Have you seen the damage As long as we have this we can destroy Chaos Head We don 't much time left Now Cosmos is not an absolute power anymore We need to have our independent power Hellzking is the only hope for the human beings I 'll go back to the base Take over then Roger that He wanted us to pretend to be guards to spy on the defensive army ? Commander , here 's the car Musashi Please hold , Commander Sahara What ? Is it ok ? Is it the only way ? You little kid I know what you 're worried about Using Hellzking doesn 't mean we touched the power of devil Now that ... We still have things to do We 're carrying billions of lives in the world Even we shall make our hands dirty We have to be responsible This is our awareness and duty We depend too much on Cosmos If we can ease his burden I ... I would love to cooperate with devil This idea is the same as you , Eyes Commander , we have another meeting to go These dirty hands Will they choke my neck one day You name is Haruno Musashi Yes I will remember that Combating poison with poison ... What weapon of aliens would be the hope of humans ... It sounds ironic Damn As long as Chaos Chimera can be developed We don 't have much time left This is very powerful We don 't have to count on Cosmos But this is seriously ... Musashi , what are you think ? I can guess But if Hellzking can fight effectively Fighting effectively ? The defensive army No , not just the defensive army Everyone of Eyes thinks of a military way to win Disputation between forces The disputation is always going on and on and on If there 's some other way ... Some other way ? SOAGG Stove ran away It 's out of control It refuses to switch to the preparing system No ! It doesn 't accept the signal to stop What When we 're proceeding our forcing program Some other program seems to be started Some other program ? Yes It might be the security system left by Beryl What ? What a terrible guy It started itself It 's dangerous here Everybody run Hellzking ran away Yes I 'll show you the vision I got it , I 'm on my way Leader Doigaki , go But ... Worry about your companions Mr. Hazumi Go Ok , let 's continue Ok Damn , I can 't stop it Let me take over here Fubuki , use Tecch Thunder to fight I got it take over here Ok Please stop Hellzking is heading to downtown Red alert Attack Got it Got it Damn They don 't care about our attack Hellzking is the only hope for the human beings Damn What should we do Musashi , trust yourself Cosmos Your courage will be our strength Cosmos Cosmos No , it 's SOAGG Beam Cosmos That light is ? The light of SOAGG stove leaked As long as the stove is broken We can stop it Ok Wait There 's an emergent call from the defensive army Captain Hiura Don 't break Hellzking Commander Sahara As long as the resource of SOAGG mineral is out It will stop Wait until then But ... Is it your patent to catch ? Catch it and don 't hurt it Hellzking is the only hope for the human beings That is not our hope Attack Roger that Ok It worked No This wave is ... They dare did this I won 't forgive them They just tore it Commander , to SRC ... Excuse me , can you be silent These dirty hands Would they chose my neck ? Haruno Musashi ? Captain Don 't say a word That 's right A Captain says we don 't have to borrow devil 's power We will fight on our own You can be happy We can develop Chaos Chimera now Really ? Shinobu It 's SOAGG mineral It 's SOAGG light that developed Chaos Chimera increasing function Please wait We 're now gathering detailed information Thanks Hazumi , Doigaki I got it It 's my job SOAGG light ? We can see it now It 's the light of hope Preview of the Next Episode Chaos Chimera that is finally finished The final battle is ahead Tell me , Lidorias What should we do The strong light from P87 Woke Dolba up The threat of Chaos Ultraman Calamity his come again Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Sorrow of the Earth In the storm of battle what will Musashi start to feel ?
