 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Mightier Power Kaosuarical shows up You won ? You 're kidding You defeated Fubuki ? Great , Musashi After 38 times of failure in a row Did you cheat ? Like poking him or pulling his hair ? I really ... won But why do you look ... Unhappy ? Am I ? Let me ask you Were you really defeated by Musashi ? It doesn 't matter about the outcome Captain , please take a look What the hell So arrogant ? Let me ask you You won Or lost ? I lost I admit it Ok ? I feel a little strange Both of you are You ! Still fooling around ? The staff from the TV station arrived A program of TV come to interview Ayano What are you excited about ? Doesn 't the interview start in the afternoon ? But before that I have many things to do OK What ? Are you wearing a make-up ? Jesus , what 's strange about that ? You gaffer ! Gaffer ? Ill ... You 're hardly here Excuse Everybody ... seems a little excited because of the interview ? The interview ? It 's annoying I wanna hide in the gym Indeed Fubuki What happened to the fight with Musashi ? What ? No ... You were strange ... Just mow ... Really ? Anything happened ? No ... It 's nothing big To be more accurately I was a little shocked Shocked ? Because of Musashi ? I don 't care about it much He seemed to become ... mightier than before I never saw such expression before About this ... I don 't think he meant it You think ... things are just like that ? For Musashi ... I don 't know , either But that guy ... I feel ... He 's a little impatient Impatient ? I can understand it very well About protecting the EYES of the monster But ... It 's a fact that he also attacks ... Doesn 't he ? For some situations There may be an order to attack the monster for decreasing the damage Is it like that as a monster shows up ? Arical ? Indeed ... We beat it up It 's not a atrocious monster , is it ? No As the action of capture is processing I have to make the choice to defend ourselves You really have to ? The monster has its own right No matter you or the other members ... Have you ever thought about it carefully ? Don 't you have questions about that ? You did too much on the attack It 's not like that We also risk our life to ... Shinobu So ... At the emergent moment we also try our best not to make such decision Let 's go to the next place Hurry up They 're just like before They don 't admit the action of capturing the monsters They always start attacking at once because of Fubuki Hey ! It 's my fault ? So what ? You all care about the conversation ? It matters that how to do it At the era of protecting monsters there 're often some ideas unimaginable And some ideas like this today Saving monsters and diminishing the damage If we have to make a choice it 's attacking I think so Then ... I don 't understand what EYES exists for If we start to attack at one That means we 're too defective We 're too defective ? Yes Because you 're too weak to believe your own strength You start to attack at once I have to become stronger ... I must depend on myself One punch ... Yes . I lost Good job , Musashi I 'm full of energy now Energy ? Why do you desire for power so much ? That 's because ... I wanna become stronger If I can become stronger I can protect the monsters more You think if you become stronger You 'll be more powerful ? What ? I think ... I can become powerful on my own You have to remember what I told you just now You had the mercy not to hurt your enemy before ... But ... That 's why you can 't defeat Fubuki Indeed But ... I think that 's your real strength Fubuki 's strength You mean I can 't use my strength ? I didn 't say that But ... If you use it too much Or depend on it too much You 'll lose your original self Besides Your mercy ... will disappear at last ... That 's the most terrible But I ... I wanna have more strength Like Ultraman Cosmos I can 't do anything ... without strength ... There 's a monster in Area K Arical ? Yes The same kind as before A little strange It seems painful How about the reaction of The Head of Kaosu ? No response The problem is ... How should we capture it ? We have to manage it well or it will let out the gas again No ... According to the data I analyzed last time It can be solved Captain We have to capture Arical in peace this time We have to ... We have to ... save it and let you see ... The poisonous gas was let out here ... If we can deal with the squirting part Then ... I got it What should we do , then ? Cut it with laser ? That 's too cruel Why not stick something to it ? For example , a viscosity bomb Yes Just stick it on Then it can 't let out gas For saving Arical We have to stop it from letting out gas To prevent it from moving we have to narcotize it But ... It 's important to make it not to let out gas It 's very dangerous Captain I 'll do it Musashi I 'll use No. 3 as a lure Musashi I understand your thought Don 't rush I 'm leaving Wai wai wait ! We 're approaching Make it sleep soon Wait a minute I 'm not ready Give me more time How about it , Musashi ? How about you ? It 's ok Make it sleep soon No , it 's too dangerous It 's no use to say that We have to try it Or the public won 't agree with us Is it all rights ? You ... You arrogant guy I 'll make you see I made it Got it I made it Well done , Fubuki The anesthetic bomb Got It It 's not effective It becomes more excited instead ... That ray ... Why is there the reaction of the Head of Kaosu ? How come ? It reacts suddenly ? What 's wrong ? Doigaki Why didn 't you notice that ? No ... It didn 't react just now Till just now Well ... Why does it become like that ? How can it let out gas now ? By the influence of Kaosu 's Head ? Perhaps ... Arical wanna resists it by itself By himself ... The anesthetic bomb made his strength weaker So ... Kaosu 's head can control it How come ... So ... We were endangering it instead of protecting it ? The components of the gas changed It 's very dangerous even you dip just one second No We have to make it not to squirt the gas quickly Captain No. 3 If I get closer to shoot an Energy Bomb ... Don 't make troubles , Musashi It will squirt the gas first Musashi Come back now Captain I 'll protect the monster The power to protect it ... If I have the power ... Don 't mix it up with your affection Musashi We wanna protect it , too So Don 't do that anymore It 's too dangerous You can 't do anything well if you 're afraid of danger Protecting the monsters is the duty of EYES So ... I have the responsibility to protect you , too If you think EYES is defective because of that It 's too much This is not the force that I want Captain Though it is , I ... It 's the time Shoot Damn No We can 't make it You 're kidding Doigaki , shoot again Doigaki Musashi Doigaki Cosmos Cosmos saved No. 3 Kaosu 's Head doesn 't disappear Why ? Wanna to kill it ? It 's Laser Virus As long as I have the power ... For protecting the monsters I can possess the even mightier power With these accidents I can get most power I can defeat the Head of Kaos Absolutely ... Very good The Head of Kaosu is defected Look Arical ... Why ? Why , Cosmos ? My power ... Can 't I become stronger ? Can 't you just have the power of mercy ? Answer me Cosmos ... Cosmos ... Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Cosmos I ... Am I not strong enough ? Even Cosmos can 't protect it Musashi land EYES have lost their confidence But they don 't have enough time to worry about it The events happened continuously Arical shows up again And the Head of Kaosu with mighty power ... Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Courage in the Dream Musashi Believe in your dreams !
