 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. Hooking the Monsters Here comes Mogurudon Old company Tech Thunder is moving out What are you talking about There seems to be a flying training today There 're five guys flying No. 3 today That kind of thing ... Why do you know about it ? That 's because That bustard Tells everything Change it to sky whirling No We 're falling down In this training Doigaki 's value is O It 's somehow unbelievable No. 1 and 2 can be controlled well Why No. 3 can 't be ? It 's a tough one Shit What if vice captain didn 't change to auto control Please enforce the training From today on You have a 3-hour training every day Is it ok 3 hours ? No problem I will strictly teach you There 's a 7-degree vetical quake in T2 SRC has decided to act Wait What 's wrong with the quake It 's just a regular one The source is moving Tech Thunder 1 arrived at T2 There 's indeed something down there Tech Thunder 2 starts the investigation Musashi Start the monster analysis Got it Starting the search It 's a monster Captain This is ... Musashi Fire frightening missile No I shot it Good No wonder it 's the Vice captain The object disappeared Where 's the data We 're searching for it This monster We 'll call it Mogurudon It kind of sucks Let 's find a cool name For example ... For example ... Hey ! The name doesn 't matter Shut up and listen Yes The result of the analysis The lash thing is The monster 's tail So we have the name for it But why does his tail suddenly show up ? I think it 's because of the monster analysis I see It 's like mice are afraid of some kind of wave Yes That 's it Actually this area Because of the subway expansion Microwaves are used for checking Perhaps Mogurudon Was disturbed by this microwave And it ran out The question is how to capture it Please don 't worry Let me illustrate the strategy First Wait until it shows up on the ground Shoot it with Tech Thunder 's No. 3 mark At the mean time Shoot it with microwave from the sky How about the tail Maybe we 'll get attacked by the tail You 're right , its tail Appearing on the ground Use cable missile And drag it to the ground Like fishing ? Yes With the Tech Thunder 's No. 3 We 'll surely make it The name is Hooking Monster That 's it I think it 's the only way Got it ? It 's the only way This mission ... Doigaki Yes It 's yourjob Yes You 'll control Tech Thunder No. 3 No I am the one who makes plans Follow the order This is EYES ' rule That guy 's rule I heard it for the first time Yah Now your intention is clear What intention Now it 's 40 Do it again Got it Toilet , toilet Doigaki Is the training over Uh ? Come on Thanks How about the training ? Should I just go home and do my family business Family business ? My dad is a fisherman Yah Your dad is a fisherman Who doesn 't talk much and acts strangely Talking about it 's a fine day today It 's not my fault What a weird dad I actually could bear it till I grow up Dad ... Hey What are you thinking about You 're such a fool It 's also when I attended college He told nothing He wanted me only to finish it quickly Mom is not like him however ... I can 't be touched at all Really Come on ... The break is over Do we have to practice again ? Before we finish the training ... Vice captain 's face is getting more like my dad A vertical quake happened in T4 The source is moving Mogurudon Send EYES Tech Thunder 2 is all ready Tech Thunder 3 is all ready Ok Go Tech Thunder 2 takes off Tech Thunder 3 takes off No. 2 and 3 are all in T4 Is No. 3 ready ? Yes Yes Ok No. 2 get ready to back up Got it Anytime Ok Cheer up Hooking Monster Start Activate Start Mark Missile Fire We searched the target Send the information to No. 2 Thanks , Musashi The target 's position is set , too You can 't run this time Fire microwaves Doigaki It 's yourjob Take over here Doigaki Doigaki Go Doigaki Wait , don 't go Tech Thunder 3 Has gone out of the range What 's on his mind ? Ah What 's up Doigaki Where are you calling ? Hello ? Dad Old home ? I am Kouji Teach me how to fish What are you doing It 's the time I call Hello ... He hung up Damn Damn dad Musashi You call Uh ? I call ? Hello ? Dad Mom ... Listen I 'll say that again Relieve when you hook Make the one lose his energy Right ? Old company I got it Thanks , Mom Ok No. 3 is back It makes me worry Sorry to let do Again Let me try again I got it Please Yes Watch me Dad Fire Cable Missile Wonderful Nice shot Ok Let 's go , Musashi Let 's go get it Yes Watch me That is ... Ballet Whirling It 's not done yet It 's so good Ok Hooking Monster Pull first Relieve when you hook And then pull again Hang on a second Pull hard Go Doigaki Don 't lose Damn dad Go , Doigaki Fool I am not a fool No. 3 ... Doigaki Musashi No I can 't connect to No. 3 Doigaki Are you alright Dad Look I made it ... Doigaki Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos Uh ? T4 's monster Mogurudon Because of Doigaki 's hooking monster We successfully captured the monster Now Doigaki 's No. 3 Is taking the monster to the protection center That kid is ... Well done Right ? Old company Is this the fish your dad got ? Yes It 's very fresh and tasty Coming from my home It 's fantastic I see it for the first time Right It seems to be expensive Right Let 's roast it Roast ? Um Captain What 's up , Fubuki This fish It 's better to cut it Yes ? Ok Let 's do it Yah , it 's the only way to eat the fish Uh ? There 's a letter To Kouji ... From my dad He must feel impressive about me Shit That damn dad This thing ... No It 's dangerous Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Three meteors falling in the earth It 's a gift from the universe There 's a small monster Miirin in the meteor It 's welcomed by kids right away But Miirin has become the big Gamoran Shit Will this monster 's fate be Come Stand up , Musashi Protect Cosmos ' friends the kids ' dream Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Gift from the Sky
