 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At anytime , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Trap of Ultra-Dimension Here comes Gigi Eyes team Are researching a new equipment with SRC The EYES Atashu under construction Can find monsters of personalized status It 's an useful equipment It can also find alien lives It has the function of digital search Any question ? Hiura What I am trying to tell is This is too perfect Too perfect ? Please go back to the origin Not the angle of science But the angle of humans Our opinions are different that 's all You are always like this Who used to find faults Who has to be all different from me Ida , what 's going on ... No , uh ? I 'll go check things out I guess so Shit He suddenly dropped the connection He 's so childish That 's the famous scholar Sawaguchi She 's mad ? Yah ? They dropped the connection too fast No Their system is all down Wonderful It is not because she 's mad It 's incredible I don 't believe this situation would happen It should not have happened And The lab belongs to the system of SRC Captain , what 's going on ? I think there won 't be a result no matter how we have the meeting I haven 't argued and got trouble for a long time Musashi Let 's go Uh ? Me ? That 's right Yes ... yes Anyone here ? It 's emergency You scared me Don 't be hurried Check this side I 'll go that side OK Gigi Gigi What ? Ida ? Hey ! Tanaka Hey ! This way Under your feet I have become this Help me Wait Shit Who 's Sawaguchi She joined the project of SRC She 's a genius Everything she makes is perfect Yah Atashu of SRC is worth expecting It 's just ... Even the one who uses it I want him to be perfect , too Well ... Is that part of old-typed Rounder Clip ? Yes There 're many weaknesses It can 't do it well in an attack Yes The reason of developing Eyes Atashu Why are we bringing this ? Though we 're not clear But SRC 's heart and blood Are in this thing That is Passion and courage We paid our own mind Stop What ? I said stop Yes Can it be the area we can 't see No There 's no response in mine Is yours broken ? Blythe way That was made by Sawaguchi That is It 's perfect ? Um Unlike this imperfect one But Through the perfect Creature Searcher It 's not enough For some circumstances OK We should be able to get in here It 's Musachi Please answer if you hear me It 's Musashi I can 't contact them Would it by also Sawaguchi 's ... Um Invention ... What are you doing ? Allow me I used to be good at it You made it Look What Don 't shoot We 'll get someone to notice It seems gone Go Yes Ah , you 're here Excuse me , is there anything ... Musashi No I think TV meeting is useless ... Do you feel bothered ? No It may be faster if we look directly I think the meeting is not necessary Watch Is this Eyes Atashu ? That 's the digital searching system Which has the function of searching for unusual status And lien creatures Humans It 's wonderful It 's so perfect It 's so perfect It is There 's no fault to find Musashi We should be going I think there 's nothing to change Ah You just got here Yah Are you telling things about Rounder Clip ? It 's the practical signal ... Musashi Stop saying something bull shit Come out now Don 't be too excessive Hey Gigi Captain Please answer me No I can 't contact them We can 't just wait here Let 's go Activate yellow status That 's it What 's going on ? I don 't know , either But Maybe those guys captured here Gigi Captain The status is ? Um , it 's a special alert No Musashi It looks nothing 's unusual Nothing It makes me feel something It 's too quiet What are you doing ? Don 't worry Nothing is hurt But There 's actually the shied ... Is this the system of SRC ? This way Yes Here is ... A maze ? Hiura Sawaguchi You 're fine , it 's wonderful What 's fine ? Where are we ? Those guys Can you hear us ? Yes In our country We can immigrate here The system to move in a glimpse has been invented The system needs to be tested To make this system complete early We need someone to do the test How can you ... Kid , shut up Calling me kid ... Let me take over this It may be a good chance to contact them But ... Captain Just ... let her try Thank you , Hiura Tell me about the immigration How many people do you have ? If the immigration is done There 's about 2000 billion 2000 billion ? It 's impossible ... Too much for the earth ... Don 't worry about that That won 't happen It can be proved by the success of the experiment We 're the experiment ? We can 't irritate them , Sakaguchi Like this thing Humans live here They 're so excessive Doigaki Is there anyway to break the shield A laser ray may do We 're beginning , Fubuki Use alpha laser ray Got it We can 't It can 't break it Your partners ... Are entering our trap Our system is perfect You liars There 's nothing perfect in the world That 's it Tech Thunder Tech Thunder Please answer me It doesn 't work That is ... You used to develop ... I miss it so much Maybe ... This ... Tech Thunder , please answer me It 's Tech Thunder 1 Fubuki Though it 's ashamed We and the researchers are caught by invaders We got it A imperfect work Sometimes did work Of course It includes two persons spirits Musashi I 'll find the exit Ultraman Cosmos We won 't permit their negotiation There was a perfect way to solve it You wanted to solve it with force What a shame ... Let 's attack I think you wanted to do so Be careful Don 't hurt Captain and others I know that Ultraman Cosmos Where 's Musashi ? He went back to the command center Let 's help Ultraman Cosmos Got it Let 's attack from that guy 's head Use alpha laser ray Got it That 's it That guy came from here That 's it It may be something to transmit quantum If we ruin this ... What ? Of course We can solve it if we break this But It 's important for human science It 's OK As long as you have the talent You will make it one day Wait You may not understand this But did we analyze that it might be dangerous I know There 's something over human science ... Shit You 're just like who you were before An imperfect man ... Um You 're just like who you were before A perfect woman You kept it The ring I gave you It 's the only gift from you But I think won 't change in my entire life Like the ring Platinum won 't break There 's no way Because it 's you But I ... At night ... I am imperfect ... Captain OK ! Let 's go What about me Wait Don 't leave me here Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Shinobu on his vacation Came to mount Two-man in north-east Here There 're ghosts who are here for a long time They became sadness monsters The sad legend which is sealed due to the yearning Not they revived Because of some sound Tech Submarine on the ground Ground Submarine sets out Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Legend of Two Jungle Men
