 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Kaosu 's Enemy Mazargas shows up We 'll be arriving the location where Kaosuhead appeared Don 't let it get into us I see Captain There 's something flying towards it Something flying ... ? Is it a meteorite ? We 'll be crashing into it Musashi , dodge now Kaosuhead is confirmed The flying objective is detected to be a living organism Eh ? Captain , it 's a monster ? Monster So it will be serving as the food for Kaosuhead Shinobu ... detract the monster away from Kaosuhead I see Fubuki , prepare the decoy bomb Got it ... Is it true ? It 's eating Kaosuhead now It is able to dissolve Kaosuhead ? Right .. It 's a special kind of monster I 'll just call it Kaosuchimera Because of its enzyme That monster absorbs Kaosuhead with its mouth and Kaosuhead can 't get into it That 's it Maybe Kaosuhead is just like its food It 's chasing after Kaosuhead all the way to the earth Kaosuhead 's natural enemy Eh ? It must be the natural enemy of Kaosuhead Kaosuhead 's natural enemy Captain , this might be a good chance It we make a good use of it Maybe we can resist Kaosuhead You mean to fight against Kaosuhead ? Right We can take the advantage of the special kind of enzyme Let alone resistance ... defeating it is not a dream anymore Thus we wanna catch that monster without hurting it Even if any mishap happens I hope you won 't attack it What are you talking about ? If anything happens we can 't just watch Don 't look down upon Defense Army Saijo , we don 't have any idea about how to deal with Kaosuhead If we miss this chance we might not make it again I know that ... of course But getting rid of its menace is our mission Oright Let 's do as the EYES plans Commander But . You have to minimize the damage of this attack And you have to arrest that monster I hope you can carry it out No problem Right ... Hiura , you 'll be confused when you 're gonna catch it I 'll kill it then I 'll use the new weapon Dabides 909 Dabides 909 ? What is it ? It 's a newly invented weapon of the Defense Army It 's the destructive kind Hiura ... Hazumi Dabides 909 is able to destroy cell cores one after another From the cells to the whole body If the monster gets hit It will die immediately Why do you invent such a terrifying weapon I didn 't mean it It was the by product that appeared when I was working on the cells And Saijo saw this ... It wasn 't that powerful in the beginning But after Saijo ordered to carry out an in-depth research Dabides 909 was invented Hiura , that monster seems to have the enzyme harmful to Kaosuhead Right As long as the monster possesses all the enzyme I think we can defeat Kaosuhead Please , Hiura Please arrest that monster before using Dabides 909 Saijo has been wanting to use Dabides 909 I can 't stand ... that the wish of human beings is crushed by something I created In college , you 've always wanted to use science on humans I know how you feel Let EYES takes over It 's the response of Kaosuhead What about it ? As expected ... the monsters are moving towards Kaosuhead It comes out now Oright ... we have to arrest it EYES ... move now Got it ... Fubuki Fire lightening and restraining bombs When it 's blocked ... Put it in the laser lock Got it ... I see Damn The restraining bomb is not effective Shinobu ... fire the laser lock Got it ... fire laser lock Shinobu .. release the laser lock No problem That guy are the laser lock with its mouth What a terrible guy Captain , if the monster continues to chase after Kaosuhead They will get close to the ammunition depot soon What ? If the depot is destroyed the nearby area will be burned down But Kaosuhead has come to the top of the depot And the monster is still chasing after it Maybe Kaosuhead intends to decoy that monster What about the EYES ? Commander , I think we 'd better fire Dabides 909 now in Oder to get rid of that monster That monster has the enzyme to resist Kaosuhead Let 's wait and see Is it appropriate for you to say so at this time ? You 'd better be careful If you let it get close to the depot we would be doomed Fire the decoy bomb Damn The monster will get into the dangerous area ... Commander , we can 't hold on I have no choice I allow you to use Dabides 909 Defense Army ... Defense Army is gonna use Dabides 909 ? Hazumi Lock the monster Got it ... Lock on Good job Defense Army , fire Dabides 909 upon my order is issued Got it Fire countdown 10 secs 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... Stop , don 't use Dabides 909 Please ... Please don 't use Dabides 909 Director Hazumi What is he doing ? Stop the attack now Stop Hazumi Stop Don 't do stupid things Hiura Don 't come closer , Hiura ... Please don 't come closer If they kill the monster our only way ... to cope with Kaosuhead is gone I 'll risk my life to stop them from using Dabides 909 Hazumi ... I know how you feel But we can 't do anything if it is dead Anyway , come back soon Hazumi , if you die The one who utilizes science on human beings will be gone Please come back If you don 't stop it our ammunition depot will be gone Musashi Musashi Musashi Danger Cosmos Good now . Fire Dabides 909 Got it Look Because you are hit by Kaosuhead 909 Kaosuchimera is destroyed How do you kill the monster that 's capable of resisting Kaosuhead Captain Hiura You guy You just crush our hopes You know that ? Captain Mr. Hazumi It 's great that you 're safe Let me uninstall Dabides 909 by myself And I wanna carry on my research to protect humans and as a researcher from Dabides 909 Please cheer up It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have reached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode Transcending the barriers of time We come to the modern monster Aradoss Possessing special abilities and new weapons there comes Nowar people Ragstone 's body after reinforcement is so strong that ECLIPSE is not harmful to it at all Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Future Monster Is your future twinkling ?
