 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... Saving Koriwakan Koriwakan ... Kaosu Koriwakan steps in The child science park Thanks ... " Toy 's Hospital " Koriwakan .. it 's great Great I am Musashi Koriwakan What 's the result ? No problem After some polish It 's just like a new one ... Koriwakan Of course ... Of course I 'm going to give it to Yushi and I 'll go back after wards Koriwakan ... let 's go Let 's go forwards Come on It 's just like a child It 's that child 's toy in his childhood The child toy ... But ... It 's really not bad To have such a friend If so ... Go make a girlfriend How come ? That 's not reasonable There 's a response of Kaosugoru in the sky of Tokyo Confirm its destination Yes This ... It seems headed towards Musashi 's Sheepdog You are going to leave me But .. For Yushi You are also his good friend Good friend ? Good friend .. I have no choice I have grown up Copy Copy Yes ... I am Musashi Musashi Run away now Ah ? The enemy is approaching The enemy is approaching What 's wrong , Koriwakan ? Musashi was sent to SRC hospital immediately Is Musashi invaded by Kaosugoru 's head ? The doctor is checking Dr. Choko I have .. discovered something after a precise check Musashi Are you .. the Ultraman club member ? Eh ? You don 't have to worry You are not invaded But ... Why aren 't you invaded if it were the vice captain , Mizuki Her beauty might attract the invader Who knows If I were Ultraman Cosmos Kaosugoru 's head ... You don 't feel good ? Yes I 'm just thinking Where did Kaosugoru go after ambushing me ? Who knows You should be responsible The one called Koriwakan ... I put it in the trash can My Koriwakan Where is it ? Over there Koriwakan Koriwakan Where is Koriwakan I remember it was here Eh ? What 's going on ? It 's so strange Koriwakan What is that ? Koriwakan Is it invaded by Kaosugoru ? Why a toy like it ... Koriwakan perceived that Kaosugoru is trying to attack me So it saved my life Musashi Wait a moment Koriwakan seems to have some intentions It 's very likely ... that Kaosugoru needs more power ... so the toy was ... It 's not the toy robot , Koriwakan anymore Activate alert ORANGE EYES Go Got it Stop now Stop Wait for me I will restore you Why ? Cosmos Why ? You can 't attack your friend now Koriwakan The response of Kaosugoru In the bio-chemical chip inside Koriwakan 's head Let 's try with the scare wave Got it Ready Fire Captain Koriwakan has ceased its attack Its influence is really tremendous Captain Koriwakan 's function doesn 't halt What are you talking about ? The silence before a storm ? You are awake ? What about Koriwakan ? What 's wrong with Koriwakan ? Nothing Someone from the EYES will be responsible Your wound Release me After that Koriwakan 's energy is not diminishing Is it going to reserve energy before the riot ? So we still have to destroy it first Wait a moment No .. Don 't destroy Koriwakan It 's not a living creature It 's a robot If it lays any waste we have no choice but to destroy it . You remember this Ultraman Cosmos is able to cope with Kaosugoru But .. Probably not as he used to be Why do you say so ? Kaosugoru is able to invade the bio-chemical chip too Even if we can kill it We only remove a little influence caused by him The artificial functions will be destroyed too And if that guy stage a riot it will turn out this way Eh Is it not okay ? Ultraman Cosmos Just like Doigaki says You can 't save Koriwakan ? If we can make that miracle appear again That miracle won 't do ? Ultraman Cosmos Musashi It takes trust and courage to save Koriwakan Musashi I heard what happened to Koriwakan I can understand that Your feeling of not being able to save your friends Dr. Choko .. what do you know about it ? Don 't look down on me I used to be a clinician At that time My friend had a serious illness My friend asked me to give him an operation It was a touch operation that any mistake could lead to his death Then How did you do it ? This is useless I escaped I asked someone to take over the operation Because I was not courageous That ... What happened to your friend then ? His operation was a success So .. I became a research doctor Because of this .. As a clinician I betrayed the trust he had on me If I had the courage to undergo the operation But it 's too late now Trust and courage That 's it Koriwakan Where are you going ? Yes SRC High Power Plant It 's a High Energy Power Plant Because of its bulky body it needs a lot of energy If the plant is destroyed It will be troublesome So we have to defeat it before that I 'll go Even if we are going to attack it Don 't you care ? Musashi Musashi We are going to launch an attack Give me one more chance If I fail Attack Koriwakan Koriwakan has left If we attack it Perhaps we might hurt Musashi Stop now , Koriwakan I will save you Stop now That 's it ... Koriwakan Trust me Musashi Damn ... you can 't be forgiven Only your courage can save your friend Only courage Only courage Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos It 's the miracle Defeating Kaosugoru Is it impossible ? I don 't know And our opponent , Kaosugoru is so powerful Despite that fact that we have the power of Ultraman I 'm not sure We can use the power of Eclipse to resist evil There is nothing to be afraid of Defeat it with the greatest power Ultraman Cosmos Why don 't you strike back ? Koriwakan Refresh your memory You and I ... The happy times Now Ultraman Cosmos has tenderness and strength And also courage It has turned into Eclipse That is .. the power of a miracle Koriwakan Now I 'll cast you into Kaosugoru head Please .. trust me As long as I concentrate my will Koriwakan Can 't you save it ? Koriwakan Koriwakan Thank you , Koriwakan You taught me a lot of things Trust and courage is important Koriwakan Musashi , Musashi That 's great Great Koriwakan Musashi Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Musashi who recalls the memory he had in Kapuya Island We have to stop the experiment of a new anesthesia bomb , Dream Sleep on the monsters In the experiment They test on Gorumede Absorbing the energy What 's the secret of increasing the body energy ? Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Experiment of Nightmare
