 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Bronze Devil Kasuto shows up In the archeological laboratory in Jounan University Because of the discovery of the Xinan Tribe It has caught attention from the world Is this a glass box ? I can 't believe there was such thing five thousand years ago It 's really amazing That 's right But this one .. Looks so cute This bronze statue Ms. Yoshi was Doigaki 's classmate in university She 's the archeologist who discovered the ruin She looks so beautiful Doigaki , don 't you think so ? So what .. he 's a weird guy A weird guy ? You are not qualified to say so Shut Go away Go away I 'm thinking how to deal with Kaosugoru I 'm almost tired out I 'm so anxious He looks really nervous Does your heart pump anxiously when you are nervous ? He 's just that kind of person Look , it 's because of your pressure When you feel mentally tired You 'll be physically tired too Come on I am just a little bit busy When I eat some good foods My pressure will go away You are really pure What do you mean ? You are back What 's wrong ? Does the Defense Guards trouble you again ? Things are getting more and complex . I think so It 's really a torture to have a meeting with them It hurts . Are you okay ? I 'll go get it It 's not necessary I have upset stomach recently I 'm going to the toilet The captain has a lot of pressure Hey , Haruno Yeah . Did you forget to re-charge my Round-Shot ? Wait . I heard the low-battery sound So I told you Bullshit I didn 't hear that And I 'm not your servant What are you saying ? Stop You guys Yeah .. This is the control room Alright .. wait a moment here Mr. Doigaki Your call on the line now Thanks Speak Hey .. Yoshi ? Yoshi ? You want me to do you a favor ? This is why I asked you to come Is there any secret about this bronze statue ? Compared with the statue I 'm more interested in the box Box ? Right The glass box in that era It 's an amazing discovery So I hope Mr. Doigaki You can check it out I 'm sorry But I 'm pretty tied up Since you discovered it It 's better for you to undergo the research But . I 'm quite tied up too And this box .. No matter how I try I just can 't open it You can 't open it ? Let me try Alright . Come on .. Is it open ? Isn 't it easy ? What 's wrong with you ? No ... nothing But you are really something I tried very hard but I just couldn 't open it Mr. Doigaki is really something I think you are more qualified to take this case I 'm feeling nervous now Pressure .. Yeah. pressure Ms. Yoshi .. She 's a person enthusiastic in her work She sees nothing except her research work In fact . she 's a self-centered person You seem to be elated I think the pressure may not be the cause I told you .. it 's not No .. When the box was opened I had a good feeling It 's like .. why not take this job ? You think so ? And the anxiety is gone Pressure is gone too This is cute Let me take a closer look Come on I 'll just open it once Eh ? What 's wrong ? I can 't open it Haruno , give a try Ok Yeah . That sucks I 'll show you This .. Isn 't it easy ? What 's wrong with you ? Eh ? Nothing The feeling is not bad Musashi .. What 's wrong with you ? Nothing . My stomach is not aching anymore I have a good feeling now Really I feel like floating Doigaki Is it possible that . This bronze statue is able to .. Alleviate the pressure .. Let me explain to you What I discovered about this box Alright . Musashi Yes .. Is Musashi on the screen ? Right Close it with this Let me try again Is this transparent ? Exactly right You can 't see through from the inside And you can 't hear anything It 's airtight What does that mean ? I don 't know why it was made This four-angle mirror It seems to protect something inside it You mean the bronze statue ? Yes .. How should I put it The box that cannot be opened Maybe the bronze statue is the cause It helps people alleviate their pressure Pressure ? You mean the pressure on people ? We have to face it When we open the box We feel .. All the anxiety disappears at once Come on Why is it here ? How come ? The word " PEACE " exists for this village People should .. Help each other And regret and hatred cannot exist at all Every a few hundred years On the day the God is angered Kasuto will put it this way Is it helpful to you ? On the day the God is angered What does that mean ? Yes .. I am Doigaki Doigaki The bronze statue 's face changes and disappears at once It disappears by itself ' ? How is that possible ? But if .. The statue goes to the gods What ? In order to retrain the statue from helping ease pressures The box was made Why do you stop ? Look That . That . Come on Why is it here ? Its face changes And it flies Doigaki Let 's surround it Their miserable ... There it comes again It 's absorbing our pressure again Search all the bronze statue 's actions Because it absorbs our pressure I think it will go in town Where will it be ? What ? So the statue .. Seems to laugh at them It keeps changing its position And we have no idea where on earth it is .. We just can 't find it What we 've got today After seeing the bronze statue The anxious feeling was gone suddenly we feel relieved And it still absorbs pressure I think . If it doesn 't show up now We can just wait . The problem is .. According to our information The bronze statue is getting bigger Bigger ? Yes .. The last intelligence shows . It 's almost 3 meters high 3 meters high ? Yes .. I am Doigaki Doigaki Have you decoded all the inscriptions ? The inscriptions show . Because bronze statue , Kasuto absorbs our pressure so there was peace in the ancient times But if it is overloaded It will have a tremendous change If it doesn 't release the pressure It will lay waste in the world Really ? So that 's why there 's a transparent mirror And it says .. The statue is a present given by a friend in the sky A friend in the sky ? Probably A friend from the universe gave it to absorb our pressure I think so And he must think . The earthlings were so poor to undertake all kind of pressures But the ancient people also said .. The earthlings cannot undertake too much pressure So he gave the people on earth this bronze statue in the disguise of a god of anger to absorb our pressure ? Exactly right Ms. Yoshi .. Is there anything about how to stop Kasuto ? If Kasuto becomes bigger and bigger It will be troublesome This bastard . What happened ? Captain , be careful Kasuto is a pressure-absorbing freak It makes people suffer from pressure Pressure-absorbing freak Captain , how 's everything down there ? We have to stop that pressure monster Are we going to activate RED ? Captain ? We can 't take any measures now So we 're still in ORANGE Let 's be prepared for an evacuation Danger My stomach My stomach Order . Order . What 's wrong , Fubuki ? Issue an order to activate status RED Attack now Fubuki What 's going on ? Fubuki We haven 't finished the evacuation Stop the attack now Fubuki was attacked by the power of pressure Fire .. Doesn 't it just want to absorb our pressure ? It 's going to worsen it Ultraman Cosmos Attack now Attack Fubuki , stop It 's the Ultraman Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos is besieged by the power of pressure Why can 't he move anymore ? Great . I see .. Ultraman Cosmos is absorbing the power of pressure it sends out and he will send it back later And the power Kasuto absorbs . Will be kept inside this box That 's not bad .. That 's right Kasuto was used to alleviate pressures It had been like this for hundreds of years But now .. in a different era it 's still necessary This is too dangerous We need to alleviate our pressure by ourselves The captain has a upset stomach again But I 've checked . In fact , pressure is good for our health Right .. we need pressure And most important of all we need to know how to use it That 's to say .. This time .. Doigaki you have helped us a lot Right Doigaki Thanks for your efforts At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question My heart is pumping anxiously again What 's going on ? It 's pressure again The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Doigaki I told you It 's not pressure You don 't get it You guy .. Preview of the Next Episode The gigantic monster , Mudo appears In order to probe into this monster The EYES members are engaged in a combat Come out now , Mudo But .. We just don 't know why Mudo doesn 't move at all Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Move ! Monster ! Everyone . Has someone he misses
