 Jermina 3 Jermina 3 , what 's wrong ? Chaos Ultraman appears in D9 We have to make Chaos Chimera as soon as possible Fubuki Musashi , go away Musashi Answer me now Musashi Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Greatest Invasion Chaos Ultraman here comes Chaos Ultraman of disaster I forgot list time I played ball No wonder that you 're so bad Fubuki 's control sucks , too Well ... I gave away on purpose You 're shitting again Take this Catch well Shit You 're not honest at all Time for lunch healthy kids It 's so good I just happened to be hungry Ok behave well Take it , it 's for Musashi Thanks a lot This is for Fubuki Wait , why is only Musashi 's that has potato chips on ? Don 't care about that yah There 's no Chaos attack and no deadly monsters The peace of the earth that has disappeared for years Take it Thanks Your shoulder is so hard Because I was taking care of the young teammates That 's it it works there Are you getting old Did you say anything ? However , everyone did their best I 'm the happiest Captain in the world being surrounded by outstanding players Just like everyone I feel happy To work with you Thank you It 's so Doigaki of SRC Scientific Center Doigaki , how 's the composition of Chaos Chimera It 's doing fine but it will take some more time Don 't hesitate , Hiura let us take over it It seems that the time of being called a genius is back I 'm expecting your performance Hazumi Go for it , Doigaki Yes Chaos Chimera maybe the only to break Chaos Head As long as the enzyme is composed Humans can hold the most powerful weapon against the invaders Go for it , Doigaki Yes I 'm telling you ... if the Karate Master is being serious His glove will fly away But your ball has to fly into my glove What ? Let 's compete again little kid Help I don 't wanna listen to that poor cross talk What did you say ? What ? Is there something on my face No I was thinking ... If time can I be stopped May peace be kept That 's right I think so , too You guys are so naive Earthquake ? It stopped Ayano , how 's the damage of that quake Nothing in the base But the external situation and the statistics ... What is it all about What 's up with you That quake didn 't occur in Japan only But it 's a worldwide earthquake What ? Are you sure Yes it is The monster spots appeared after the quake ... What a terrible number Did the quake Just wake those asleep guys up ? I can 't imagine this It 's Jermina 3 space station We 've observed strong reaction of Chaos Head at B87 Reaction of Chaos Head ? It 's now increasing rapidly The amount is far beyond our imagination If it continues ... Jermina 3 Jermina 3 , what 's going on There 's a strong energy wave being sent to the earth It must be the one to have started the earthquake Captain , Chaos Head energy wave affected the core of the earth I see The moving of the core caused the earth to shake And the monsters sleeping in the stratum So the monsters woke up An emergent message was sent by Supervisor Ikeyama Captain Hiura The monster 's look is strange Lidorias Everybody cries and are scared all of a sudden This has never happened before An earthquake just happened is it related to ... Captain Captain Chaos Ultraman appeared in D9 What Have we defeated it already Red alarm We have to stop Chaos Ultraman Roger that Whole system is normal Tecch Spinner 1 , take off Tecch Spinner 2 , take off Tecch Thunder 4 , take off Damn In such difficult times ... Doigaki , in such difficult time We have make Chaos Chimera as soon as possible Yes Let 's go on Yes Fubuki Attack continuously to stop it moving forward Ok I won 't let you mess around again Fire Now , Shinobu use laser wire to stop it Ok Fire laser wire It worked Leader Shinobu Leader Damn Take this Fubuki Get away , Musashi Shit Musashi Musashi Musashi Answer me Musashi In the direction of Chaos Ultraman There 's the scientific center where Mr. Hazumi and Doigaki are What ? They came for Chaos Chimera from the beginning Ayano , let 's go , too Yes Level 4 happens Everyone into the shelter Doigaki and I will take over You should go now We can 't If something happens to us You 're the only To keep the research on Chaos Chimera But .. Please go Shinobu , Fubuki Are you alright ? Captain , Ayano If we don 't do some emergent treatment .. Shit , this piece of cake Hurry Yes Ayano Don 't worry Damn Doigaki , Hazumi We 'll guard here If anything happens run ! We can 't I will ... Doigaki ! What you 're doing now is more important than everything You got it ? Captain Hiura Danger Get down Musashi That kid Musashi Musashi I will draw it away Take over Doigaki You 're hurt , stop it Come here It 's ok with me Don 't try to be a hero Fubuki Cover them Yes Musashi Fubuki No matter what happens ... I will protect here We are ... Eyes Fubuki For me ... Bustard ... Don 't show that look If one of us dies Spring Partners are dead Fubuki Damn I will protect everyone that I like most Cosmos Cosmos Cosmos It worked That is ... This is the biggest invasion of Chaos Head After the strengthened Chaos Ultraman Calamity showed up Will Ultraman Cosmos win ? The resources have not much left Go ! Ultraman Cosmos It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have teached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode Because the new enemy Chaos Ultraman Calamity in showed up Cosmos fell Is getting unconscious I have no more time My strength has come to an end The overlapped souls ... The pain and memory lighted up the teammates spirits Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Chaos War Trust your own power and Fight Eyes !
