 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Amusement Park Legend Mugera comes in There is a black hole in the A26 It 's close to us Is it kaosu 's head again ? Koudai Can 't you clean up your room ? Shut up , I 'll do it later Were you scolded by your father for being to late ? I 'm going out now Koudai I live in the amusement park Everyone says it 's great and they envy me I am proud of that too But everything will be ended now I can 't believe it From tomorrow the amusement park will be closed Speaking of the amusement park I think of Mugera Right , Mugera I miss it After taking the photo in the park and check if Mugera is there We all believe in the legend and strive to look for Mugera So that ... I encountered something incredible here What is it ? That 's right I am Musashi Attention There is a black hole in the A26 Activate status Yellow Got it If the wonderland is gone What will happen to Mugera ? So you really believe that Mugera exists ? But ... Mugera ... Mugera Mugera Mugera Mugera Mugera Mugera Mugera Let 's play together Koudai Father ... Do you remember that Mugera fixed my broken plane ? You mean that guy ? Everyone liked Mugera Maybe it 's because of Mugera that everything has been smooth in the wonderland Father ... can 't it not be torn ? There might not have a place to live in Since I worked here Mugera has been Living here It 's like his own place Father ... let 's continue the operation of the amusement park I 'll help out I can sell tickets And I can operate those machines I 'm sorry , Koudai This is not Mugera 's home Mugera doesn 't know human language Both of us don 't understand Mugera So in order to give Mugera a space of living We have to do it The elements of the black hole and Kaosu 's Head do not match at all This is gravity flow Turn Got it Damn Tech Booster , copy Tech Booster They are hit by gravity flow We have to save them Got it Attack that ... Engine 3 and 4 are impaired We can 't fly in high speed Emergency landing It 's activated Who doesn 't clean his room today ? Isn 't that you ? You ... I know ... stay out of this Hey , it will be tipped over From now on , this place will be taken over by the Defense Guards Please get on the car now Yes What about Mugera ? Don 't talk I can 't confirm the intention of the UFO The defense guards decide to attack the UFOs in the park and they have issued the evacuation order Don 't take any attack measure We attack because we are under attack But the UFOs do not attack any buildings If they are controlled by Kaosu 's Heads I 'll see how you explain it There 's no connection between the UFOs and Kaosu 's Head It 's not the black hole And there 's no reaction of Kaosu 's Head This is our business Please leave now Yes Get out now Put your hands off me Don 't touch me Please ... No Let us in ... The entry is not allowed My son is there .. please ... It 's dangerous there I 'll come out soon ... please What 's happening ? My son is gone Probably he went to search for Mugera Mugera ? Mugera Mugera , run now You 'll die here I hope you 're still alive Mugera , you hear that ? Mugera , run now Mugera Mugera If you go from here ... You might not be spotted I see I will protect your son Please ... No Ayano ... go find the vice captain Wait ... I 'll go too I wanna meet someone He 's there Mugera Mugera Mugera Mugera What are you doing ? It 's dangerous here Don 't run Don 't run Don 't run Release me Contact them Yes ... Don 't run Mugera Mugera The UFOs are moving now Counterattack Wait a moment It hurts Are you okay ? Where is Mugera ? They are here Musashi Attack No Cosmos Cosmos Father Look Mugera There is a great amusement park That is your real home Mugera Mugera Mugera You fixed it ? Ayano You 're here We 're looking for you Look My doll is fixed Who fixes it ? Eh ? At that time ... You Thank you We have to ... be friends forever Mugera Goodbye Goodbye Mugera Thank you Goodbye Goodbye Goodbye Goodbye Goodbye Goodbye Everyone has somewhere that they can 't forget Even if it no longer exists When you think of it . You will feel that you 're stronger Forever ... In your heart It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have teached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode Kyurians appear in a peaceful and rural village EYES that takes off immediately and what will they find The binding ? I ... Who am I ? In order to get back the memory of the beloved Run forward , Doigaki Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Miraculous Flowers You must have something that you wanna protect
