 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Sleeping Girl Inkyurasu shows up Ayano Do this favor for me What ? This hot weather it kills to check things Ayano , ice coffee please What Me too , add some milk Please ... Ayano sweetie Ayano sweetie ? What ? Ayano ? Move , Ayano Sweetie , sweetie I need it with a plastic glass You guys Stand there right away Yes Don 't Call me That intimately Got that I am Ayano , one of your team And one of Eyes just like you We know about that So don 't treat me like a kid Call me Ayano Ayano Is there something wrong ? You put this on And ask people not to treat you like a kid I am saying This frog is the confidence to be one of Eyes What fate is about that frog ? I can 't understand that Oh , it 's a young girl 's fantasy Shut up Don 't laugh What 's up ? What 's so noisy ? Captain Everyone is so excessive Ah , yes Finish the document before tomorrow I got it Please Ayano sweetie It 's enough Sweetie Sweetie Frog Knight It 's ok You 're with me I feel Very Sleepy Where is it ? What 's up ? Excuse me ... Are you ... The festival has started Wait Ayano Ayano 16 hours have passed since we found her She 's slept for 16 hours She 's just slept nothing different No matter inside or outside But she ... She 's in sleep Since I knew about it 8 hours have passed I think she 's dreaming Listen up Frog Knight We need to defeat the devil 's soul We can 't forgive that Frog Knight Please get Kitsume 's devil Be sure to Kill it What are you thinking about That ... Well This team will peacefully ... No Not the team It 's the country The country ... What , did I make a mistake again Sorry Remember that You suck Come on I can do that again Is that so What You 're actually sweet Sweet Sweet Sweet Sweet Sweet Sweet Don 't be kidding Sweet Sweet You did it all Sweet Sweet I hate this scene Sweet Sweet Sweet Sweet Sweet Sweet Ok , stop What 's that ? What 's wrong with you ? It 's strange What 's up with you ? The same situation with Ayano There 're 35 persons in the hospital What happened ? No , the reason has not .. They fell down all of a sudden I heard they seemed to see the aurora Aurora ? I am Oomori in science center Setting up is done What does he want to do ? Who knows This is the result that I researched This is the dream stage Dream Stage ? This machine can judge the sleeping status And rebuild the dream That is We can see Ayano 's dream now ? Simply speaking yes It started I can 't get it That ... What 's that ? An animal ? Here it goes again A sheep ? It should be I have investigated 8 patients Everyone dreamed of this sheep This is It might be the sheep that makes them sleep That 's me At nine Ayano Maeta When did you come back ? Yesterday How are you Um , very good Come on , it 's for you Thanks It 's a frog I am so happy Do you like it ? Is the sheep in Ayano 's brain ? No I think maybe it 's some other reason Some other reason ? If things go this way Her life might be in danger How come ... Cosmos Can I get into Ayano 's dream ? Yes , but it 's dangerous Dangerous / Yes For me it 's a world that no one contacted before Cosmos Let 's go The world of dreams Musashi I will save her This is ? This is the world of dreams That 's it The frog knight born from a little egg To fight with other creatures and devil He saved the fox hosted by devil 's soul And then Back into The original peace All creatures Are living together peacefully What a interesting story Yah ? Wonderful How long will you stay in Japan ? Until tomorrow Where are you heading to ? Kenya I 'll go protect the animals there Ayano likes animals , too I wanna save animals , too Wait until Ayano grows up She 'll help Maeta Ok It 's a deal Ayano Ayano Can 't she see me ? Well ... then ... I 'll tell you Ayano I ... Ayano Ayano is going to be Maeta 's bride Yes Well ... Come Use this as the ring He didn 't mean it You were serious but ... This thing I don 't want it You don 't ? No Ayano We 're still pollywogs Pollywogs ? After we grow up and become frogs We 'll like someone else But The dream to save animals You have to cherish it It 's one thing to be turned down Dream is another To poor animals Ayano wants to save them Ayano wants to save them I 'm telling you This frog is the fate that I joined Eyes This is ... It 's impossible Cosmos ... Cosmos ... Cosmos Right I ... I am Morimoto Ayano of Eyes She wakes up Ayano Ayano Ayano Uh ? Everyone ... Why ? Did I wear this when I was asleep ? All guys are awake safely Well But what 's the deal ? I think it 's a kid 's disease Here it goes again Ayano No matter who 's struggling I lost it You engage ring Thanks Engage ring ? Can you solve it ? let 's start Brand new , more tender For tomorrow , more friendly Musashi how do you know ? Nothing Why , why is it ? It 's wonderful that you waked Looking for dreams all have changed At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview Kaosu head shows up Eye who 's got the information the big creatures Musashi believes that a boy sees monsters A legendary monster shows up in the woods The boy 's lie Secret in the Mountain Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Friends In the forest
