 He fought for all the creatures on the earth It 's too narrow for him to control Tecch Thunder The fight has just begun Doigaki Humans won 't lose Captain Leader Fubuki Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Chaos War Here comes Chaos Ultraman Calamity Chaos Head unmorality gathered at an edge of the Solar System Because of that the monsters woke up On the other hand Ultraman Cosmos showed up , too To stop it 's whole all members of Eyes are wounded Though Musashi has turned into Ultraman Cosmos And beat Chaos Ultraman But after the mysterious resource is accepted Chaos Ultraman Calamity has come This is the biggest invasion of Chaos Head Cosmos is in danger Stand up , Cosmos please stand up Cosmos , go Cosmos ... Captain The first stage of composition of Chaos Chimera is over We can continuous the work in some place else Good Retreat right now Got it Musashi Musashi Musashi Musashi Hang on ... Hang on Musashi Musashi ... We have checked his body His life is not in danger Breath , pulse , blood pressure and other information are normal But ... But that ? This is unbelievable ... His symptom is like someone who has not rested for a long time Who sued his body to the extreme So ... We can say that he 's dying He 's dying ? Anyway , we 'll do our best Please Musashi Musashi Musashi Cosmos Musashi I have no more time What do you mean ? For the power to fight in your planet , the earth I have done to the end Uh ? In the completely different environment called the earth Ultraman Cosmos is fighting with many monsters And keeps guarding the earth But his body have been wounded His body is getting tired His condition has reached to the extreme But Musashi , I won 't run away Though my body has become the dust in the Universe I shall fight This is my job You 're not the only to fight Ultraman Cosmos We will protect the earth Ultraman Cosmos I will fight ... I won 't borrow your strength Musashi We won 't let you fight alone Captain , it 's Shinobu We arrived at Biological Chemistry Center I think Chaos Head will attack here Sooner or later I think so , too Let 's see they or us are faster This is a life-risky game We will enter the final stage of the composition At least , we can make the preparation of Chaos Chimera Lease go for it You can count on me A strong reaction of Chaos head is observed from the Universe Where is the destination It 's the SRC Where Mr. Hazumi and Doigaki are Ayano Take over here Yes , Captain Leader , that would be The beam of Chaos Head It finally comes We won 't let you beat us Damn They 're faster , aren 't they The game has just started Doigaki Yes Captain It 's too narrow for him to control Tecch Thunder Cosmos You fought all the way here for the humans Thinking of that .. this is nothing ! You won 't hit me Captain ! Damn Captain Captain Captain Captain , it 's Fubuki answer me , Captain Captain We have run out of fuel Damn Captain Captain Captain Humans won 't lose Captain Leader Fubuki Musashi Where 's everyone Well ... Wait If you fight with that body you don 't know what will happen So ... Cosmos , for the humans on the earth No , he lives for all the creatures on the earth We can 't stop here I ... I ... To you ... Thank you It 's ok I won 't be defeated I will win Musashi Musashi No matter where I can fight with you Thank you I think so , too Cosmos Cosmos Captain Fubuki , Shinobu Are you alright I am ok I won 't lose I will protect everyone that I like most And all the living things of the earth Captain Hiura Doigaki , Hazumi This is the special clip with Chaos Chimera Though it 's only the preparation we can expect its effect But it doesn 't work very well I got it Fubuki Our earth We won 't give it to you Shoot Shoot This is the victory of Cosmos and us Doigaki Doigaki Doigaki Doigaki Because he 's not slept for almost a week Ultraman Cosmos Musashi The fight has just begun Musashi Cosmos I ... I wanna be with you ... And all the other companions It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have reached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode Chaos Chimera is being developed rapidly On the other hand the defensive army is doing The project of using moon mineral SOAGG The huge robot sleeping in the secret base Barius used to send this to invade the earth Mechanic living Hellzking Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Forbidden Weapon The Pandora Box that can 't be opened
