 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Cosmos Monster Born on the Earth Salanca , and baby Salanca show up It 's so cute Really It 's really cute I 've told you Whose baby ? My friend 's sister 's Cute ? Your sister 's baby ? No , no ! So Ayano is the aunt ? Aunt ? Aunt Ayano ? I told you I 'm not It 's my friend 's sister 's baby Your aunt 's friend 's sister 's baby ? No wonder Who 's the aunt ? You No ... No There 's an unidentified object approaching The aeroliths ? Or UFO ? Is it alive ? A monster ? It 's the monster of the cosmos Why are you so happy ? Am I ? What 's wrong ? It 's falling down From the space It 's a monster What is it doing ? Only half of the body 's outside Because it fell down ? It 's weird But ... We can 't leave it alone Musashi You work on the refuge Got it No. 2 search for the monster Got it There 's no reactions of the Head of Kaosu Musashi How 's the situation ? Finished To be more accurately None is here ... So ... OK The Capture Fight Start It can get out itself ? No Let 's launch the Cable Bomb No . I launch Got it The Cable Bomb Launch Launch Pull it out Got it Ready ? Don 't make troubles Pause the war Cut the cable Damn How annoying the guy is Wow , Jesus ! It can 't get out because it 's pregnant No ? What 's wrong ? No ... The data from Texant Any question ? Yes ... What ? This monster is ... pregnant ... So ... Pre ... pregnant ? There 's a baby ... Inside its belly ? An infant ? Wait , Ultraman Cosmos Don 't attack it There 's baby Inside its belly Childbirth ? Yes ... That 's why the monster came to the earth Look Like the tuna that is giving birth It swims thousands of miles to the sea That 's the salmon Oh ? Really ? Anyway The monster wanna give birth at a special planet to a healthy and brave child That 's why it travels in the space I feel ... so romantic It 's boring No ... Perhaps ... Ikiyama It 's been so long since we met last time , Musashi It 's a sound sleep By the way We haven 't given a name to it Its name is Salanca Salanca ? In fact , this kind of monster have come to the earth many times To give birth ? That 's it For example It 's the record of the ancient times The fire ball from the sky The monster appeared Till the sea Till the sea You mean to give birth in the sea ? That 's it As Salanca is about to give birth its temperature will rise as high as the sun It will be dead if it keeps like that So it comes from the space to cool down itself for the earth is occupied most by the sea But I don 't know why it is here It stays here but not at the sea Captain Let 's carry Salanca to the sea Look at this If Salanca wakes up what will happen next with its instinct of giving birth The route is probably like this As it is It will run into the residential area Er So It 's the route for Salanca to avoid the area It 's the goal of our mission Salanca wakes up If we can 't make it to go to the sea soon Its temperature will rise little by little It 'll be dead if we don 't hurry Before that I hope you can make it OK We 're EYES that try to protect its baby Let Salanca give birth in peace Got it EYES Let 's move I wanna wear it Ayano What ? Don 't do that , ok ? What ? Really ? OK Texant 1 take off We 're approaching the residential area Ready ? Yes Smog Bomb is set up Ikiyama That guy It really hates the smell of the gunpowder ? I 'm confused about why it goes to the mount instead of the sea There 're some celebrations at seaside recently And many fireworks were set out Then ... Because it hates the smell it will change the route to the mountain Must be like that , Captain When pregnant , a female may be upset because of some smells It 's the same with that Upset ? Er Listen We can 't let it approach the residential area Got it Gunpowder Bomb Fire Great , we make it It seems to work I 'll leave the rest to you You good couple Got it Ready ? Yes Salanca Hear me ? It 's the place that you desires We 'll show you the way Follow us OK OK Let 's go Salanca 's ... The route changed ... It follows the sheep dog now OK Very well This way This way I 'm Musashi Because of the heat of the sun The temperature of Salanca becomes so high Got it Cool Missile , launch Ah ! It 's so hot It 's about to give birth Go Very good Fubuki Speed up Ok Just follow us We 'll arrive the sea soon Go Ah ? What ? You bastards What are you doing ? Stay back Stay back , please Stay back , please Listen Here ... Gosh The temperature of Salanca Try to bear it more I 'll help you to cool down now We 'll arrive the sea soon Go ! I 'll make another shot Wait Just fireworks . Don 't set the fireworks Wait Salanca ... It changes the route What did you say ? Salanca Don 't go that way There 's a gas tank at the front side Gosh It can 't go on like that Cosmos It 's absorbing the heat from the sun Please , Ultraman Cosmos Save Salanca It 's amazing Directly ... Send it to the sea It 's giving birth now Go It 's done It 's so cute It looks healthy It 's ... so touching What 's that ? So cute It 's done ? Go home with care It 's great , Salanca Jesus ... It 's a chaos But since it 's done in peace I feel released I feel I 'm like the father of the monster I wanna make it to give birth on other planet Somewhere at the beautiful space The mother and son live there Oh You 're hardly romantic Shinobu Hardly ? Hey' What do you mean ? I wanna have a baby , too What ? Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Can the monster be saved ? Or just be endangered ? EYES feels confused because of those questions Such is him Arical that they failed in capturing before The shocking monster with poisonous gas If I have more power I can protect more monsters Can impatient Musashi save Arical ? Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Mightier Power
