 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. Move ! Monster ! Mudon comes in From today on .. The special alert period in summer will be over now Thanks to everyone We didn 't make any mistake I feel .. Very satisfied . Yes .. So .. The reward is .. A summer vacation ALOHA ... Hawaii Hawaii . We are coming It 's true .. That summer vacation is always the best But . Everyone has to take turns enjoying their holidays That is to say .. The last one to request for the holidays . Will actually enjoy the " autumn " vacation The autumn vacation ? That 's enough We 'll decide by drawing lots I can take my holidays any time If it 's too late .. My holidays might be gone because of the autumn alert period What ? What are you saying ? So Fubuki should be excluded Let 's draw a lot Alright Wait a moment What I just said doesn 't count Anyway ... go back to your seat Captain . It 's reported that a monster is found the H4 tunnel I see Fubuki Haruno Doigaki You have a final task before the holidays I see Doigaki Haruno This action . Whoever completes the mission first will be the first one to enjoy the holidays How do you like this idea ? OKAY I can accept it Wait a moment I 'll go as well What ? Morimoto Ayano In order to finish the report on monsters Please act immediately OK Go Yes .. Fubuki Wait for me .. What ? Fubuki Let 's go first This way Come here Director Run .. Director I 've been waiting long Our schedule is delayed Please come up with a solution We understand that You leave now Is there any reaction ? Nope .. So far ... no Shit They are coming Finally we got you I won 't forgive you if you just go away You are must faster than imagined That 's for sure The fatty here is very slow Dead end What ? Is there any monster ? Wait a moment What a tamed monster Mudon vs. the Headquarters Mudon Doesn 't it move at all ? In English ... " Don 't Move " If you reverse it .. It pronounces like " Mu .. do " Then .. where is Mudon ? That tamed monster ? So we 've decided to send it to Kapuya Island That 's great Right ? But . Our combat is called . Naming is the first step Alright Excuse me I think I 'll be the first one to claim the holidays I can 't let it happen OK I 'm doing it now Good job What 's wrong ? Eh ? What 's wrong ? You can 't just pull it out You have to make it come out But is this necessary ? For this moment I borrowed it from SRC This is named The Combat of Playing the Cat Come on .. Come out now Mudon I don 't believe it will come out because of that My cat comes out if I use it at home Cat ? Right ? That monster doesn 't care about you Come out now , Mudon I 'm going to have a vacation It 's moving now Alright I can claim my holidays What 's wrong ? It 's broken I 'll use this flute to attract the monster It 's named . The Combat of the Flute Chorus It 's hearing Right ? Maybe it works Sleep now Sleep now .. Wait a moment This is a lullaby Stop now stop " It will fall asleep Help . In fact , several years ago .. They found the ruin of a new breed in this area Inside the cave is the skeleton of Mularukura Fudo After it 's restored It 's Mudon Right . I think Mudon is still alive Because Mularukura Fudo 's corpse was influenced by Kaosugoru It stays here There 's not just one bone left by Mularukura Fudo That . So this kind of animal has a common way of living ? Right They live like human beings They live with families This is the corpses found in this construction site Ah .. Why is there only one ? Right . There 's only one left after restoration Ah .. we can decoy it with a bait Mularukura Fudo is a herbivorous dinosaur If the food smell can be spread to the cave It will .. Come out without any question Send it in Alright . Send it in OK Send it in OK Send it in OK Send it in OK Send it in OK Send it in OK Let 's do it together Send it in Okay .. Be louder Send it in Okay .. It 's not coming out No rush It will come out if it smells it Really ? Let 's do it together What are you doing , Ayano ? It must be delicious No .. Herbivorous dinosaurs do not like tomatoes and mayo Then .. where is Mudon ? Why do you put the sauce for pork steak ? What can we do ? No .. Anyway , I don 't like this smell What ? I .. I prefer Kansai style You are always taking old measures Our schedule is messed up That monster . Make it come out now Mudon 's position . We can 't approach now Come on .. EYES members are so useless Let 's go Yes You Why don 't you move ? How come ? Don 't you feel lonely ? All by yourself ? This is .. Everyone . Come here Fubuki come on Hey , Doigaki What 's wrong , Haruno ? Stand up now Okay .. Let 's go No problem What do you wanna do ? Didn 't you say this tunnel is dangerous ? Are you going to use bombs ? It 's your fault Get the monster out or we will be punished What are you saying ? What was that ? What happened ? Vice Captain What 's wrong with Mudon ? Isn 't it very tamed ? Its face is different It must be angry No ... Mudon Ultraman Cosmos Fubuki machine gun Got it No .. it doesn 't work Go .. Ultraman Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos Fubuki Complete it Yes Hey Will it be tamed if I use it ? If Haruno is right There will be a solution They have found the corpses of all the Mularukura Fudo 's families except Mudon The corpse found in this area might be Mudon 's child That 's very likely Mudon Look . Look . It will come here Step back Step back Mudon .. Is crying Mudon finally sees .. His own child that he 's been waiting for thousands of years Mudon is so happy It 's really happy Mudon 's existence wasn 't influenced by Kaosugoru But what even . It just wants to see its child So .. After it has realized its dreams It will turn into its original form Hey .. Haruro Oh .. coming Let 's go back now and wait for the summer vacation Alright . Who will be the first I think Haruro will .. Really ? I didn 't do anything You are welcome Where are you going ? Okinawa Hawaii ? Eh .. I need to go back home once in a while Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode The baby monster , Yafamila suddenly appears from the ground It is cute and innocent If Fubuki sees the face of his sister who died young Don 't kill Yafamila Despite that EYES makes effort to protect Yafamila The Defense Guards launches an action of attack Ultraman Cosmos .. do you know that ? Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Bright Light Will you do your best on everything , everyday ?
