 All Chaos Headers on P87 ... have come to occupy the base Cosmos is moving towards the moon The base is to be ... Cosmos ! Ultraman Cosmos ... Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... Deathmatch on the Moon Chaos Ultraman God of Calamity Chaos Dark King show up Attacking with the Defense Army is ... The fight of destroying Chaos Headers on P87 has begun And Chaos Headers that trouble us all the time And the EYES base is blocked by Chaos Headers Cosmos We won 't let you stop us anymore Musashi ... where are you going ? Of course ... I 'm going back to the base . No ... You can 't I 'll do it Fubuki ... are you wounded ? I 'm okay ... let me do it Don 't go ... Ultraman Cosmos Fubuki You know what happened to me ? I 've found that long long ago Why ? Why don 't you expose that ? You want me to do it ? In fact I 'm afraid to admit that you 're Ultraman Cosmos I don 't know what Chaos Headers might do We have to get there now As long as I ... Cosmos gets there ... Chaos Headers will switch the focus on me ... So I can 't let you do ti Cosmos is becoming weaker But I have to go Fubuki I have to stop you whatsoever Please stop I won 't be defeated simply because of this small wound Please stop now ... Fubuki Fubuki ... are you okay ? Why are you so careless now ? Fubuki You are always bothered by your tender heart But ... This is a good point Be quick We have to restart it Yes What 's wrong ? Don 't you have trouble breathing ? I start to feel that ... Captain ... the base is totally blocked If we don 't do something the air will run out What ? Take this ... Chaos Header Damn Musashi Ultraman ... Cosmos Let 's have a fight . Chaos Headers Moon Right Cosmos is flying towards the moon Chaos Header is chasing after him Captain Please let me drive Tecch Spinner to the moon Cosmos has no remaining power We have to back him up No ... Why ? The standing by Tecch Booster are bound for P87 They can 't be re-assigned Captain Captain Let me beg you ... Please let him back up Cosmos Ayano Captain Hiura , what 's happening ? Are you okay ? Yes Although the base has been occupied for a short time But it 's safe now In fact ... the monsters have escaped from Kaburaya Island What ? Lidorias Mogrudon Bolgils Why did they run away ? Why ? If they are Chaos There will be more damages Please arrive at P87 as soon as possible I see I will move out soon Tecch Booster will get to P87 as planned Captain Wait a moment , please Cosmos ... Ultraman Cosmos ... Stop that There 's no other way Please forgive me Musashi Musashi Ayano You know that too ? Unless ... Musashi He 's Ultraman Cosmos ? What are you talking about it this very moment ? It 's so hard to believe I agree with you But ... he 's Cosmos ... always saving all the monsters He 's fought along against Chaos Headers But now his power is not enough Maybe he will be defeated ... Chaos Headers ... Why do you have to destroy so many planets and put the whole Universe in the turmoil We are here to create new order for the Universe Create a new order ? Chaos Headers ... Right He was made to bring an order to the Ho-stars That is to say ... it was in artificial creature made to create a new order to the turbulent world Impossible We are numerous Whether in a single body or several ones We act under the same will Different creatures have different thoughts even on the same planet As long as they think differently they will fight and argue even kill each other That is it ... But Chaos Headers acting under the same will When they assimilate all the other creatures Their thoughts will be unified and a new order will be created I have never known Chaos Headers were made to bring this kind of order I think this is the right explanation But ... but did they want to steal away the monsters bodies ... and make them violent ? Unless we really believe in this explanation Maybe this is just the process of the evolution It 's the suffering before the birth of a new order So that there will be turmoil inside the bodies That 's why there is violence But ... sooner or later There will be a new order I see that ... The planet whose Eco-system you have changed That is a part of the evolution ? Right The remaining creatures of that planet will build up a new order under the same will For this ... sometimes there will be sacrifice And the sacrifice is necessary Chaos Headers are a group of people created to carry a good will and bring about a new order But the overproduction of Chaos Headers makes the excessive expansion of their force Even though it 's a good will it comes in a forceful way Right The new order can 't be imposed It 's the people themselves who create with respect of each other Don 't come to bother us , Cosmos We know the hearts of human beings We know how they feel ... love and hate Cosmos We hate you so much We want to defeat you Musashi Tecch Booster orbit The Captain cut it off He drives it to the moon manually Thank you Thank you ... Captain Musashi Musashi You have wasted so much energy Why do you still come to the moon ? Musashi I 'm here to save you Chimera missiles , fire SOAGG stones I see ... From the very beginning Cosmos has wanted to make use of SOAGG stones on the moon Is that true ? Alright ... We made it Good ... What 's wrong ? This is ... All the Chaos Headers on P87 have come to the moon What ? Musashi Musashi Stand up ... Musashi Cheer up , Musashi Stop now Run now Musashi Take this We made it Thank you Musashi , thank you Musashi Musashi Captain ... What about Cosmos ? Cosmos ? Cosmos ! Cosmos Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have reached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode The absolute order falling down to the earth The fight between ... Chaos Dark King and Chaos Header is unavoidable now Penetrating the eyes of tenderness and strength , courage and reality As long as you insist on your dream You can make a miracle happen Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Final Episode The Real Warrior Use it now ... The symbol of a warrior
