 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . ower that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Magic Stone Lagustone shows up Tech 00 Testing Machine It goes smoothly so far Agent Fubuki It 's time to speed up Got it Speed up now Damn Doesn 't it work ? Failed ? It 's indeed speeding up but how about the stability ? Do it again It 's really a hard job for Doigaki But , if he can 't improve The new Texent can 't be qualified for SRC What 's up ? It 's dangerous The man ... It 's Dr. Kawatani That guy ... You 're dogging up girls again ? Come here My sweet angel ... Who are you talking to ? Dr. Kawatani It 's illegal to dog others up A dog-up bedlamite ? You 're wrong Where is she ? Who do you mean ? Migida ... Not a female ? No , he 's not Really ? He becomes a superman ? You mean the Dr. Migida ? Er It 's too tall , crouch Oh The goal is ... 150 km How many kilometers ? 99 km It 's nothing more than this OK , Migida It 's your turn Oh Come on 150 km No How could it be ? Later he finished the medicine that hadn 't be worked out for 10 years in merely three days It 's indeed doubtful That guy is my best friend I worry much about him He becomes so powerful suddenly You 're afraid that he 'll get in trouble ? I 'm afraid he will I don 't wanna separate with him Get into trouble Checkmate You lost ? Agent Fubuki Wait It 's clear Don 't be wordy Doigaki , yo ! By the way , in this case Then ... Checkmate That 's it Wait , give it back General How weird the building is Gee ? Saki You 're Saki , aren 't you ? It 's me , Kawatani You dated with me when we were in college Did I ? Did I date with you ? Didn 't we go to dinner once ? Besides , didn 't you take part in the golf game ? Lagustone ... The ray of Lagustone Dr. Kawatani You wanna improve yourself ? . You ... you ... Aren 't you the coach of the warriors ' ? Aren 't you the entrant player , Minami ? Wow ! Dr. Kawatani Yes ? Since you 're here Why not be our partner ? Your partner ? OK , Lagustone ? No You 're refused , Mr. Kawatani Refused ? What ? What is it ? Will everybody come ? Don 't come here anymore Migida ... Saki ... Migida didn 't come to work today ? The event just now is troublesome Just now ? You dogged up any girl again ? No ... nothing Dr. Kawatani What did you say about that ? Something like the aeroliths Buy why the athletes are there ? Not only the athletes but also the professors and politicians They 're all familiar faces on TV Anyway We have to investigate the stone But the house can 't be approached at will I 'll do it Vice Captain , you ? Anyway , if we can save Mr. Migida Maybe we can find the truth out Isn 't is dangerous ? You can save me , then Of course ... I 'll fly to save you My sweet angel ... Ou .. ouch How about it ? Can you see ? Dr. Kawatani Don 't be silly It 's an elaborative plan of us But why does Vice Captain dress like this ... Women ... They have double characters But why can she make it ? But I can 't ? erhaps I know it ! Gee ? There 's a ray ... Shinobu Dr. Kawatani Wait , please Shinobu Shinobu Vice Captain Shinobu Cheer up Anyone who is shot by the ray of the stone will desire to fall asleep To become asleep ? Er And the potential of the body will be motivated That 's why the athletes and the scholars ... But On the contrary Their affections are absorbed and controlled by the stone Their affections are absorbed ? In other words If they keep being affected by the ray Though their ability improves Their affections will disappear They 're nothing more than robots Just like the puppets ... Set the condition orange Musashi Fubuki Drive the Sheep Dog to this place Got it Affections are absorbed and the ability improves ... Could it be ... What ? Could the stone just a machine for absorbing human affections ? I think about it all the time To control them by absorbing affections and improving abilities ? Er It might be Anyway , we 'll know when we arrive there Shinobu You 're awake ? That ray ... will appear again ... Shinobu How tough it is You can 't enter What do they wanna do ? I won 't spare you for sure Fubuki They 're the guys I know That 's ... Lagustone ... Lagustone What does it plan to do ? The Science Analysis Center has contacted with us That ray is ... a kind of hypnosis A ray of hypnosis ? It 's just like the effect of hypnosis with the hypnotic power Lagustone Lagustone Shinobu Lagustone They 're attracted Damn Don 't get close , Shinobu I 've never given up my woman since before Ultraman Cosmos Shinobu The guy starts absorbing the human affections It 's driving crazy now Laypasta Ray ... It doesn 't work ? How should ... How should we deal with it ? Well It 's love We should use love Ultraman Cosmos It 's useless to struggle with strength We only have to get rid of the affections the monster absorbed from human beings Only love ... Love ... It goes back It returns to the cosmos By the way ... I ... You saved me , right ? Thanks Are you ok , Vice Captain ? It 's the present Musashi Ayano It can 't be ? No It 's nothing What 's the matter ? You two .. are really a couple ! Not at all Really ? Who will ... Who will be with this man ... I love you Saki Kibari Miyako Shiyuri Mimi I wanna give you a kiss I love you all Well ... Wake up now ! Sorry , Sinmai I 'm Shinobu It hurts Of course it does Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . review of the Next Episode There 's a brouhaha in the mountains The one who made it is Yamakan Valova The one who makes adults vigorous and love the kids most The childlike Yamakan Valova But the monster that shows up suddenly puts itself forward for protecting the kids Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Monster Mountain Go ! Knock it down !
