 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Evil Light Kaos The Ultraman Cosmos on Step 2 All complete The Tech Speedy Boat System All complete The Tech Speedy Boat 1 The newest fighter of SRC with the newest function of computer processing Today is the day to try the fighter All information is ready You can start at any time Understand Start the accelerator Fubuki How is the condition of the airframe ? Perfect Good It flies fast What is the highest speed ? It can reach level 9 Very fast It can go faster Actually There are something to improve ... Wait Captain There is a reaction of Kaos ' head In front of the Tech Speedy Boat What ? Fubuki The Kaos ' head is in front of you I see it Musashi It goes toward you Be careful Musashi ... How 's the condition ? I checked all He went back to his room It looks like that he was not affected by Kaos ' head So But Is it possible that the goal of Kaos' head is to invade Tech Thunder ... I think there should be a special goal for him to come here Goal ? Captain We should go to the Defend Troops ... What for ? The Defend Troops knew the appearance of Kaos ' head They want the information of it They want me to report it Fubuki We are counting on you for the next Contact us if there is something happened Understand Cosmos ... Why the Kaos ' head ... attack us ? The opponent ... knew some secret between you and me What ? So Our existence is a stumbling stone to it So far The Kaos ' head always chooses to invade the meek monsters and made them become mad then used their energy by absorbing or copying Even it controlled human thoughts To instigate the monsters to do everything that endangers us The material of Kaos ' head did many things to hurt people right ? Yes The material of Kaos ' head is one of its appearances that it appeared of Kaos ' head which through the analysis of human physical spirit This situation can become real body by copying the shape of the opposite What is the exactly amount of them ? We can 't handle it completely No matter how many times it was defeated by Ultraman Cosmos It will appear again So far We still can 't sure is it a being of plurality ? Or it was a being ? There is one point of view that we care about much ... It is as same as human It owns ideology According to our information and the observation We can infer that it has some certain purpose Purpose ? What purpose ? Sorry I don 't know yet Warning What happened ? The reaction of Kaos ' head It 's very strong Where ? What ? Where is it ? Right in our base ... What ? I am Musashi Musashi The Kaos ' head is invading our base What ? Come to commanding room now Understand Upward is the condition we fought against the Kaos ' head recently Next ... I am Hiura Captain The Kaos ' head is invading the Treasure Base now What ? The Kaos ' head ... Ultraman Cosmos I 'll take your power Musashi Musashi Are you okay ? O ... okay Cosmos You ... Will you save me again ? The antibody of Kaos ' head ? You know that there were immunity in the monsters ' body which was controlled by the Kaos ' head ? That was developed through them We can defeat Kaos ' head with this ? No Not yet But If we put this into Round Shot I think it will work more or less But that guy comes and goes like a ghost After it disappeared it appears somewhere else That ... What ? I notice one thing This is the routes of Kaos ' head moving You look here It evaded here only Do you notice that ? It seems there is something it scared Where is this room ? It 's the room for third mineral under the ground I remember it should be a room to place the mineral of light energy ? Yes Is it possible that Kaos ' head is afraid of the mineral ? It 's possible Then ... How about we use it to deal with the Kaos ' head ? It may lead us in danger But the problem is ... How to lure it to come out ? I 'll be the bait It appears Musashi Behind you in your left Okay Come over here Damn It is chasing Musashi now ... How could that happened ? Captain Maybe Kaos ' head knew our plan You can 't escape from me This time I 'll take you power away Musashi Watch out The Kaos ' head is heading outside Okay Fubuki Where are you going ? I go up there It seems worked Maybe it 's a good chance to defeat it Don 't go It 's dangerous Fubuki We have the Tech Speedy Boat Do you think you can escape from us ? Fubuki It 's dangerous to chase it like that Maybe it will turn over and attack you Don 't worry about me Musashi Warning What ? My engine can 't work Musashi Musashi Change your shape quick I can 't protect you if the power is absorbed Cosmos That 's .. an Ultraman too ? Kaos ' head copied the shape of Ultraman Cosmos and became a fake Ultraman Kaos the Ultraman Cosmos is in danger Cosmos ... Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Musashi is captured ... What does Kaos Ultraman want to do which changed by Kaos ' head To the monsters on Kayupa Island ? The Ultraman Cosmos attacks the Kaos ' head with Tech Airship 2 Lift your courage Eclipse is in a rage Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Evil Giant You can see the power of the braves
