 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Shadow of Kaosu 's Head Gorumede , Kaosugorumede step in I .. Eyes ? SRC Universe Development Center I want to use your power Your explosion power .. The talent of a pilot And the love and knowledge of taking care of monsters To be frank I 'm attracted to you Of course I know you are impressed by Eyes When the monsters were so notorious Why did you always fail ? I told you , Haruno Do you really know what 's on Ridoriasu 's mind ? I wanna know What 's on it mind and what it wants to do Its real heart Real heart Player Haruno Yes .. We 'll be there right away SRC Treasure Base An artificial island Treasure Island This is made up of the members of a pirate research organization And it 's the Eye 's base So , Haruno .. This is our treasure base It 's our SRC treasure This is a weird vase .. A weird vase ? This is a genius vase You .. Drop it .. Damn Haruno Oright , everyone Here here .. Let me introduce myself This is my successor , Haruno Musashi How do you do ? I am Morimoto Ayano I 'm senior to you Senior ? You just came here 10 months ago A senior is always a senior Yes .. I am Doigaki Kouji .. how do you do Nice to meet you Do you wanna know what 's in the mind of the plants ? Ah ? Curious ? Eh .. but the flowers .. Oright .. that 's enough Next one .. next Yes .. This is the vice captain I am Mizuki Shinobu How do you do ? How do you do ? I have a question Eh ? I still don 't get it Why you can be safe That .. eh .. A miracle ? Right , a miracle Miracle ? Right Don 't you have a better explanation ? That .. eh .. Ayano Senior .. Senior Ayano .. and then And then .. The best pilot in Eyes He 's a little bit impetuous Shut up Fubuki Keisuke Don 't be our burden The introduction is enough Haruno Yes .. Do you wanna make a speech ? A speech ? I hope everyone would care about the monsters That Now I 'll work hard for this purpose I 'll remind everyone to protect the monsters You 're really a bragger You don 't know the reality What are you talking about ? Stop fighting Haruno There 's no one among us wants to defeat the monsters But in the reality we have to defeat them I hope you can understand this Vice captain Isn 't it great ? He will know that when he sees the reality There 's a situation .. quick Yes .. Captain , there 's a reaction of energy in Area C3 Oright Switch to the main monitor Light virus The energy reaction is lost The underground unrest remains What ? The monsters ' destruction power reaches 60 km within the city I see Oright , Eyes Let 's go Got it Wanna check it out ? The real situation ? Oright Let 's go All confirmed No 2 .. All confirmed Full power We can act anytime Got it Haruno Do your best Yes .. No 1 .. take off No 2 .. take off It 's Gorumede Gorumede ? A monster that discouraged SRC once Doigaki There 's no light reaction on him ? There 's no reaction on Kaosu 's head Kaosu 's head ? What 's that ? That 's the one Kaosu 's head ? Why did you wake up Gorumede ? Shinobu , we have to launch restraining bombs And you 'll fire a laser net Got it Activate Restraining bomb , go Got it The energy reaction diminished by 10 percent Got it Let 's go Afraid ? It 's not as understanding as Ridoriasu I 'm not afraid Laser net , fire The setup is done Deactivate the laser net Got it Re-configure it Go It hurts Are you okay ? I 'm fine It 's coming Let 's get out of here Vice captain It 's okay It 's just blocked Haruno , escape now Go .. Don 't move This is the reality Monsters and pets .. and even preys .. are different I am no exception I wanted to save a monster before Full of love But .. I don 't give up I 'll pull this open .. I will The miracle will come What the hell ? What 's wrong ? Get out of here now The vice captain is stuck He can 't move What ? Fubuki .. fire the anesthesia bomb Got it Fire No .. I missed Oright No .. hurry up Dangerous Ridoriasu ? Why is it possible ? Miracle ? Vice captain Haruno That 's great It 's alright now But , why Ridoriasu ? It wants to save you How come ? Look Ridoriasu 's wings That guy dashed through the protection net The miracle has just occurred No .. Ridoriasu , run now Run Run Oright Haruno Thank me I will protect your Ridoriasu No .. you can 't attack it Gorumede What are you saying ? Why not ? Gorumede I will save Gorumede There 's nothing good or bad You 're just too impatient Don 't you see the reality ? If they don 't stop Ridoriasu will be killed No Haruno Dangerous Oright Look Here That guy You wants to cope with Gorumede alone ? That 's bullshit Why do you have to do so ? Dangerous If we don 't fire this .. Can we not do this ? That 's the way it is .. This is reality Damn This is .. Haruno .. never give up Haruno Ultraman Cosmos Coming The blue giant Ultraman Cosmos He wants to shun the combat ? Ultraman is getting weak Does that light has a strong effect of weakening his power So that is .. Kaosu 's head ? Gorumede 's life energy Gorumede is .. And Kaosu 's head .. They absorb energy in order to transform Right That 's way Gorumede is called for Ultraman Cosmos It 's different now Totally different Why is it so powerful ? Ultraman can only stay for 3 minutes on the earth Go .. Ultraman .. That 's great The red Ultraman The red color .. is just like a transformation of sun Will it get better ? Absolutely Absolutely positive Captain .. Maybe we always say " reality " to escape from various situations Let 's cheer up for the monsters This is Haruno 's words But .. It 's not just a catchphrase From now on .. All the contradictions will be solved I see But the miracle will come I always think so Is it strange ? No .. I wanna see the miracle too There is comes Yes .. it gets better now It will recover quickly Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode The nocturnal monster shows up in the day Why does it appear ? Come here , Haruno If you wanna know the monsters You have to get into the enemy 's sky Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Fly .. Haruno Penetrating the truth Eyes
