 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At anytime , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Warm Memory Gulagas comes on I can 't believe the cell phone is not worked at this time Ambulance ... I call for an ambulance quick Ambulance It 's so slow " Two Weeks Later " What a timeless guy I 'll be late to the get-together meeting What is she doing How could that happened There is a monster There is a monster Hey There is a monster There is a monster A monster ? Hey You ... Don 't play tricks You can see me ? What ? What is wrong with you ? Ayano Sorry to keep you waiting Jitta You came slowly Sorry , my clock is slower Who did you talk to I am telling you this kid is gone too far Eh ? Really What is that guy wants to do exactly Your cell phone is dead I am so worried about you Ayano Don 't you know what happened ? What ? It 's concerned about your work What is that ? A monster Right Right You won 't notice everything around you once you are with great enthusiasm about something But my mom didn 't say anything She is afraid of you will get worried What happened ? It 's about two weeks All the cell phones are dead What ? What a strong electromagnetic wave It surrounds all streets gradually If it goes this way The people of that area will have no power to use Captain If the electromagnetic wave goes on There will be accident occurred That 's true Okay You go to clear the electromagnetic wave away I want to go We have already arrived the covering center of the electromagnetic wave Ready to fire the Amorphis wave Take care of this right now Fire Eh ? What is going on ? Please stop now It 's that guy causes the trouble You , you , you ... How can you get in ? Ayano What 's going on ? Did you see that ? Musashi What ? It 's ... I am asking you did you see that ? What ? Yes I am Musashi Stop working That electromagnetic wave has a back flow to the electric equipment Tech Thunder 4 Now go back to the Treasure Base All of the electric equipment is out of order in town It seems the SRC should compensate for it This is the first time I heard the electric equipment will give a shock It 's true about the compensation Really The monster doesn 't have a movement yet There is a monster Hey ! There is a monster Listen to me That guy ... Only me can ... See ? The next day I went to the place to find the boy where I saw him Thank you Where is that exactly ? That 's him Ayano I am looking for you for a long time You didn 't call me ... Ayano I am so sorry Yes This picture ? It 's Kohtaka Jun If it is him You can see his house over that park right away That 's Kohtaka 's You say his name is Jun , right ? Right Right Thank you Hey , wait for me Thank you I am a friend of Jun 's I have something to talk to him he is not here What ? Jun had an car accident He is in a coma A car accident ? It seemed two weeks ago He will recover soon So You have to brace up That guy ... Won 't appear again ? Or he is now ... in some place ? Where did you go these days ? I went for a walk ... Why I am the only one can see you ? Do we know each other before ? You ... Why are you crying ? I am not crying Let me see Just let me see Do you want to go there ? You can 't go there if you are still crying It 's sweat I am not crying Give it back to me I ask you Who is there ? Mother I 'll search for you Let 's sing a song Umm By chasing your dreams Everything changes At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love What ? Nothing Right You said there is a monster right Umm I thought I will go to Heaven someday There is a guy like that in the sky unexpectedly Don 't say that Your mother hopes you can recover soon too Tomorrow ... I 'll show you something This kid ... When did he take this ... Or ... Wants to live longer This time we are going to test the unit of the positive and the negative In that case The electromagnetic wave can be removed this time Tech Thunder Now reach to the top of the electromagnetic wave center Ready for Amorphis wave Fire It is removed .. Look carefully The center is on the rise Fubuki Musashi Fubuki Damn " Ultraman Cosmos " " Ultraman Cosmos " Clear it up Now should ... The manual ... The manual ... That ... Use that stone What ? That guy hates stones Stone ? Stone Stone Stone This ? Ah ! Shit Aim well Aim well Fire We shot it Great Then I am going back What ? Jun Jun Great Mother Who is she ? Don 't you remember ? But it 's great that you can get better I can 't walk Then I 'll hold your hands Then I can walk by this way Really ? Really If I hold your hands We can walk far Bye-bye That ... You can 't be ... Ayano ? By chasing your dreams Everything changes Jun Mother Don 't get lost again I know If you get lost again I 'll come to save you Okay I 'll find you Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question Ayano You go over there Don 't bother me The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode This planet is polluted The mystery UFO crashed on earth The alien , Lamia appeared suddenly The EYES and the Defense Troops are looking for him like hell Dr. Kawadani found a shocking truth from Lamia Gwinger , the mechanical life being appeared Come on ! " Ultraman Cosmos " the earth will be in danger by this way Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Alien Girl
