 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Monster Sniper The Monster Sniper Niodlant Kaosuniodlant shows up If we can 't capture it at once I 'm afraid it can 't bear it So poor Let 's save it now The monster is wounded It wanna go back to where it was born Its goal is Dragon Mountain When Musashi launches Laser Net Fubuki and Shinobu go capture it Got it Laser Net , launch OK Fubuki Count on you Leave it to me It 's too much Who the hell did it ? It 's the guy who shot ? He is ... It 's him absolutely How about Niodlant ? Just as what we guessed ? Doigaki is checking Its wound is serious Who the hell ... shot it ? The guy ... Do you know anything about him ? Though it 's still alive It 's weak because it 's injured Sending it to Chizishimi may endanger its life If it wasn 't attacked It should have been done Er It 's right , though Vice Captain knows that , huh ? Tell us Who the hell is the guy ? Lyu Hyuya Who is that ? A member of SRC The main subordinate of Officer Nishishino The man subordinate of Nishishino ? No wonder ... Though they also hope to sustain peace But when they can 't do anything else They will attack anyway No matter who he is I won 't forgive him How cruel it is I 'll never forgive it About the way they do I won 't forgive it I don 't agree with them , either I don 't care about if you care or not We can have a fight if you want The equipment is perfect here It 's too wasteful for you to use it I 'm Nipo of EYES What do you wanna do ? EYES is really childish It 's good to protect the monsters But is it really good for human beings ? Do you really know that ? Once a monster is detected we should deal with it at once Thus can diminish the damage well Can you understand it ? But , today ... As an executive of monster affairs in SRC I come to say hello to you I 'll tell you directly The way EYES does to the monsters won 't be changed No matter for me or the other five members We 'll sustain this thought To save the lives of monsters We 're back You ... You seem to get along well to each other We haven 't met for long , but ... You 're the same Shinobu , Fubuki I have a question What 's fun to transfer to this loose organization ? Loose ? You can only find that ? There 's still much you can 't imagine I can only see the reality in my eyes You 're too weak by the way you do Mildness can 's sustain peace Only the strength can make it Only the strength can sustain peace You 're wrong You can 't sustain peace only with the strength Only mildness can make it Mildness ? Monsters live on the earth just like human beings You 're not qualified to say that What strength can make it ? Killing monsters is just like killing men Don 't be so impudent Have you been hurt ? If you had a deep scar You had a deep scar ? So what ? The moment you get hurt You " ll understand the reality Reality is just like that ... Miyuki Lyu ... His sister die from the attack of monsters His sister lost her life for saving her friend Miyuki He was totally changed since then He hates monsters and wanna kill them He was changed because of the accident Indeed we changed You 're still conscious But You 're not like before Where is your sense of justice ? Where 's your candor for the peace ? I 'm still seeking the peace That 's why I kill monsters Just like us They 're creatures living on the earth So we have to save them That monster ... It 's still alive ? We EYES will save it for you It 's done Doigaki Hurry up We bring you the healer Doigaki Don 't push me Wait Your sister 's accident is really sorrowful But ... Not all the monsters are evil They can get along with us I don 't hope so I hope to kill them I won 't forgive them I 'll slay the monster for sure Stop The Head of Kaosu ... Captain There 's a reaction of the Head of Kaosu Fubuki Ayano Let 's move , too Got it The Head of Kaosu 's invading You wanna attack it ? No I just wanna weaken the effect of the Head of Kaosu Tempt it to prevent it from heading for downtown Tempt it ? That 's why I think you 're childish I 'll knock it down by myself No Agent Doigaki No. 3 is in danger Fubuki Aid them Got It Vice Captain , hold tight How breathtaking Doigaki Launch Laser Net to stop it Got it We have to stop it from heading for downtown Let 's move Fubuki Let 's launch Laser Net , too To prevent it from breaking theirs Got it Laser Net ... It 's heading for the downtown This way It 's no use The situation can 't be changed by that It will We always do the same thing I will never give up I won 't Fine Here Come on Damn Go Go Lyu ... Lyu ... Don 't care about me , go ! Just like you , we wanna protect everyone and the downtown So ... I wanna protect you , too Cosmos We 're off the control of the Head of Kaosu Everybody .. Tried his best .. OK Is Niodlant all right ? Er Of course he is under my care It must be recovering at Chizishima And then ... The principle that we won 't endanger monster 's lives won 't change But ... It 's necessary for EYES to exist because we have the same thought to protect the earth I got it finally Lyu Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode When investigating the monsters EYES discover a huge relic At the same time A researcher named Yucali finds something strange with a statue under the investigation of the relic At the beautiful seaside A giant barbarian of the sea comes up suddenly At that time Doigaki and Yucali find something marvelous Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Roars of the Sea God
