 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . ower that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Monster Mountain Yamakan Valova Mahachinom shows up In the remote mountains You can always hear the sound made by chopping down the trees Since long time ago eople say there 's a monster who lives in the mountains Yamakan Valova is afraid of loneliness It does that to attract others ' attention Though you 're lonely You can 't go out at will You 'll scare others if you shows up at will How troublesome Get the things here and get them back , Jesus ! It 's not my day Illusion ? What ? A monkey ? It 's not the zoo here lease call the police if you wanna discuss that Well ... It 's the police station here You 're the police ? I think ... there 's a monster here Hurry up Captain There 's a big monkey in the Oziko Village A monkey ? We don 't have time to discuss that Shinobu At that time ... For the appearance of the monster Mahachinom The headquarters of EYES is busy to death There will be a disaster here A monster shows up Yes , we 'll soon take refuge It 's always like this since before Is it ok ? We can 't let it approach the streets Let 's narcotize it Sour Bomb , launch Fine What happened to the guy ? So energetic ? Doesn 't the anesthetic start working ? The armored vehicles of SRC Mahachinom escaped to the mountains because it was shocked by them Keep searching Well ... What about the big monkey in the Oziko Village ? I got it Ayano lease go to investigate it Gee ? Can I ? Er I should leave some work to you Local investigation ... Local investigation ... I 'll do my best I 'll start from tomorrow I 'll surprise everyone I 'm not a kid anymore You cried in the fiesta last year How could there be a kid who isn 't afraid ? You You 're afraid of nothing What happened ? How come ? A monkey A monkey You ... For me ? Thanks You saved me just now , huh ? Don 't go Gee ? It 's ok , come here Come here Look , it gave me this Yummy It looks delicious I want some , too Be careful , that 's right Stop him It can 't breathe smoothly Shyu Shyu You can 't be here It 's dangerous There 's a big monkey here A big monkey For this event EYES sent it here Where ? Me It 's me What ? This is Musashi There 're trees chopped down in the mountains Mahachinom must have headed for the Oziko Village The Oziko Village ? I seemed to hear it before ... Ayano ... Yes ? You are ... An expert in this ? No ... Well ... it 's the monster ... Then ... How old are you ? Chief I gathered some men to catch the monkey We 're saved Can we leave now ? Wait ... wait a moment You can 't do that It 's the era for protecting monsters You can 't decide that yourself What should I do , then ? That 's because of the bad luck We 'll hold the Ghost Fiesta tomorrow It 's our annual event We 'll surely hold it smoothly The Ghost Fiesta ? That 's right It means the ghost that saved us when the monster appeared There was an interview on TV It 's famous Anyway It can 't be ruined by the monkey That 's right Yes , yes This is Ayano I 'm now searching for Mahachinom It 's likely to head for the Oziko Village What ? Listen to me Gosh Mahachinom is coming to this way I told you Mahachila will appear tomorrow Enough lease leave No ... Not Mahachila It 's Mahachinom Enough The EYES Shh Don 't make troubles Let 's go Don 't look at her Let 's go What ? You take a human being as the monster You 'll get in trouble if found We 're back Back ? Hungry ? I made this I don 't know if you like it It 's a big monkey Does a monster play with a toy ? The guy is ... Come on It 's Yamakan Valova I 'm Morimoto Ayano of EYES How do you do ? You wanna catch it ? No ... I just wanna protect Yamakan Valova Though you said that You will still report to EYES And take it there ? I won 't do that I promise It 's for you , then For me ? Thanks Ayano ... You like animals ? Er Mom would be angry with me when I kept my eyes on the abandoned puppies or kittens You can know if one likes the animals or not by his eyes Come on , let 's exchange Thanks When I was a child I raised a kitten but it was taken away by a uncle I was so sad Just like me If I grow up and become rich in the future I 'll build a big house and live with the abandoned kittens and puppies That 's nice It sounds good The uncle with a gun is coming What should we do ? Don 't worry You 're still here ? Yes We have known where the big monkey is Don 't worry now OK , I 'm leaving , then OK Someone saw it here This way That big guy Who is it ? Hey Wait Hey , there Wait Wait a minute Hurry This way Wait Come back Hey Let 's go Let 's go Mahachinom appears in the Oziko Village Got it It shouldn 't be found inside this I can 't go on I 'll stop it right away If we get too close with the crowd Maybe it will hurt people I 'll ask everybody to take cover Where are you going ? You ... Watch out ! That 's ... Yamakan Valova It 's enough for us to deal with Mahachinom Now plus Yamakan Valova Go , Yamakan Valova Go Go Go Go Yamakan Valova It 's entangled No , it will go for it Why the day before the fiesta ? I think it 's you who don 't understand the situation De .. dean That 's the monster of the legend It 's the one who protects our village Let 's spirit it up According to the legend It 'll win for sure Don 't be defeated by the ghost Hey ! Yo ! Hey ! Yo ! Hey ! Yo ! Hey ! Yo ! Hey ! Yo ! Hey ! Yo ! Ultraman Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos Go , Ultraman Cosmos Go Go Go , Yamakan Valova Go Yo , yo ! Hey ! Yo , yo ! Hey ! Yo , yo ! Hey ! Gee ? Is the monster using its real skill ? The police The fiesta still goes on tomorrow Of course Sakura Everybody Listen Just as our deal When we grow up we 'll build a big house and live with the abandoned kittens and puppies Of course Yamakan Valova will live with us , too Lets it go back to the mountains now Let 's play together another day Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . It left Can you do it ? Any number of times Can we meet another day ? Sure Someday ... Agent Musashi What 's this ? It 's cute Don 't touch She gave me this Yamakan Valova is back By chasing you dreams everything changes At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Yamakan Valova ... review of the Next Episode The monster Tarutale shows up It has bombs on its back That is ... The NX Bomb launched by Agent Fubuki A mobile ... Bomb ? Fubuki , who is troubled by this And the Head of Kaosu that shows up again We have to protect the monsters to prevent the explosion of the bombs Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Fubuki is going to Quit ? You can be the brave , too
