 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Miraculous Flowers Kyurian comes in Doigaki That ... I 'll check out the ruins in Kirikaku Wait for me Let 's go to eat buffet I 'll email you later Stop You 've done it 13 times How many more ? There 's no connection Our partners and us ... we share the same fortune Right , Doigaki ? Right Yoshii is still so beautiful Really ? You 're embarrassing me Of course ... Great ... it 's so sweet But to be frank is it that good ? During my free time I can do that once in a while You are right I can exchange diaries or emails Good ... I wanna do that too To be frank . I want to have such a partner too There is gigantic thing in Kirikaku In Kirikaku Yoshii Doigaki , wait a moment EYES , move now Right ? Go ... Help Doigaki I see Yoshii If it gets close to the village I 'll launch an attack I see Fire the restraining bomb I haven 't seen this kind of flowers before It seems that it 's suffering Before it launches any attack Let 's make it leave this village It 's gone I found it Musashi Don 't run Doigaki You guy ... What did you do to Yoshii ? You did it , huh ? Wait a moment Doctor Would you please ... release him Can you listen to our explanation ? We 've taken Yoshii to a safe place Thank you It 's okay In this village Living with the aliens ? With the aliens ? The Kyurians Long long ago ? It 's been rumored About hundreds of years ago He 's been living here And protecting us Protecting you ? The flower brought along by the meteorites It emits pollen at this time of the year And the pollen is dangerous So when the doctor inhaled the pollen He can 't protect us anymore We can just get rid of the flower We have no choice Can you follow the doctor ? Yoshii Who are you ? It 's me Who ? You are ... Joking , aren 't you ? Please ... I ... Who am I ? You don 't remember me ? She forgot me Doigaki , can you calm down ? We am not sure the memory is lost now But Doctor How 's the situation now ? Doctor ... That ... I ... I seem to have lost my memory Yoshii ... We ... Are we in love ? You can say so ... specifically speaking I still can 't ... come up with it ... You published the only thesis before You found Kasuto 's mirror And the mirror absorbs our pressure And then it will become a giant I can 't remember That ... We ran to the beach like crazy In order to get rid of the crisis We were so brave I 'm sorry I 'm thinking If I can 't come up with anything It 's not a problem Why ? This is a good village And soon there will be a ritual I think I 'll help prepare for it Anyway What 's gonna happen ... We 'll figure it out He seems to have been shocked That 's for sure It 's just like falling to the bottom from the heaven That 's my report That ... What did the Captain say ? Let us take over But if the defense army knows it will be complicated I knew the Captain would say so Musashi Let 's tell the villagers now Yes You 'll stay and take care of Doigaki If you get slimmer You won 't look like Doigaki Come on Inside Yoshii 's heart You are still there Even ... Even if your memory can 't be restored You can fall in love as well A romance with only memory is not any kind of romance Even if the memory doesn 't exist at all There is care for the other I think so Ayano Are you oright ? Cheer up I 'm okay You don 't look alright I wanna ask you for a favor Will you listen it ? Me ? There 's another you You know ? We love the earth But please keep the secret In fact ... I 'm going to ... lose the ability to absorb the pollen I can 't maintain this look anymore The original look isn 't stable anymore So ... That 's why you get bigger lately In the short run There will be the same situation I don 't want that kind of riot and bother the villagers Kyurians are very tamed I don 't like the tribe that hurts each other So ... When the riot comes again Please ruin me This ... I can 't do it I 'm asking the alien inside your body I don 't want to bother Ultraman to help us I think there will be a solution Wow ... it appears again Please ... Please save the doctor I will launch the anesthesia bomb I can minimize the damage I 'll take care of this So please follow us to the safe place I 'll cover you - Let 's go ... - Yes Anesthesia bomb , aim Fire Here , faster Kneel down It 's alright Why ? Why do you protect me ? Maybe you don 't remember But I used to do this before I ... I 'I protect Yukari I 'll protect you I wanna save him Please lend me your power Cosmos Cosmos Cosmos Everyone Be quick Please be quick Come , stand up Don 't stop Run now I ... To you ... No , Doigaki Doigaki You ... You remember it ? I wanna know Why you hug me ? Cosmos Please destroy the flower Thank you Doigaki Don 't make them wait too long Oright , go now ... Go ... Doigaki Go go ... Go ! Go ! Go now Yoshii Doigaki Are we going to eat buffet today ? We will eat until it 's closed I don 't mean now Not now ? What ? I 'm telling you the future plan In the future ... Then ... What 's going on ? It might be too early That is to ... Get married with me Then ... get married I 'm willing Great Great It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have teached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode In supersonic speed Stead the heart under the blue sky The event that happened then ... We can 't go back anymore When Ginibanesu appears in the sky It will mess up the whole world Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Sibyl in the sky Disappearing in the sky The far reaching memory
