 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Deep-Sea Death Match Jaraga comes up Fubuki Come have a fight You are very proud I 'm coming Is it okay ? No problem Defeat me with your ignorance Fubuki Musashi I think you know This is a devil 's training What about this .. I 'll just yield you I 'm not going to wear a mask I 'll abandon my mask too This is not necessary either That 's funny Damn They look so serious I always think . It 's really terrible I don 't dislike this atmosphere Let 's go It 's so cold Look . I 've changed the ice cubes for you Thanks It hurts so much You are really bad Musashi He used to serve in the Defense Guards He won the contest three times in a row How can you defeat him Why don 't you say that in the beginning I know he 's powerful But no one knows he 's that powerful It 's a great game Fubuki we haven 't been so serious for a long time Vice Captain , have you gone to the contest Fubuki took part in It was the game he won three times in a row I can just say .. it 's really amazing Amazing ? The rule of the Defense Guards . The first to fall loses In the contest Fubuki became very powerless Are you alright ? He stopped at once His terrifying look showed he couldn 't hold on But . He defeated the opponent with heavy punches The first round over Look I 've changed the ice cubes for you But there was a new change afterwards Fubuki fell down to the ground It 's not possible The game was over then ? And .. He still own the contest That 's outstanding I 'm tired now Why are you separating Jaraga ? I just don 't get it Fubuki He only eats floating creatures in the waster It 's a very tamed animal Although human beings may not know much about it After they start to know more They will understand this Do you agree ? Wait . Fubuki , are you listening ? After receiving the report that there 's a problem under the SRC To carry out the regular maintenance Tech Submarine was sent to carry out the mission The only protected monster in the water is the deep-sea monster , Jaraga So you want to enjoy the freedom in the boundless ocean Hey .. You were talking nonsense Very noisy Shut up and get to work You don 't like monsters ? Don 't you agree with me ? I don 't know what is on your mind Carrying out a regular maintenance under the water is our mission for the day No problem ? Got it Tech Submarine Go .. You put them together again Come on , captain The Musashi-Fubuki team Are they okay ? Being with each other under the water Will they develop any affections ? What are you talking about ? I don 't worry about that aspect Those guys They can 't get along well They just insist their own opinions This is nothing bad at all Tech Submarine is going into the reserved area Alright Everything seems fine Right Doigaki Get to work now Yes Musashi Let me see the protect net with my eyes Got it We are almost there Fire the visual signal bomb Ayah . This launch system doesn 't work We need to deactivate the protection net I see Ayano Contact the SRC to deactivate the protection net I see The Musashi-Fubuki team Get ready Got it Got it Can 't we have a different name ? It sounds suitable This is not important I don 't want to be your partner That 's enough Protection net will be deactivated Alright , Musashi Let 's do it now Yes Don 't worry I 'll take care of Jaraga I feel you are pretty emotionless Don 't be so tough .. do it now I see .. Set up the underwater radar Let me check the signal transmitter I see .. Just do this .. There 's a response of energy Take a look at this How come .. Kaosugoru 's in the water ? Musashi Take a look at this Kaosugoru . Infiltrated its body now Fubuki Musashi Watch out Jaraga is likely to launch an attack Cease your operation Let 's evacuate now Ok I can 't believe that guy has such weapons It 's because of Kaosugoru that Jaraga wasn 't able to undertake the attack Submarine engines There 's nothing so far How 's the situation down there ? Nothing abnormal Oxygen The oxygen storage is declining Is the bottle shot ? Nope .. Let 's evacuate now I see What 's wrong ? Its shell is opened We are being sucked Damn Call Tech Thunder Submarine Fubuki Musashi I am Musashi Are you alright ? Well , we may not be alright Because we are stuck in the shell of Jaraga What ? We have no choice but to use the fatal attack You mean the equal ion area ? Although it is poor we need to survive No way .. It 's holding tighter It looks painful but we can 't let it cover itself No way .. It has suffered enough from the control of Kaosugoru We can 't let it .. At this time You are still worried about monsters ? Damn The air is running out Fubuki , Musashi Now the vice captain and Doigaki are coming to you on No 2 It will take about 2 hours What about the oxygen value ? We have emergency supply It lasts about 2 hours We can go through this Cheer up anyway You have to be safe Before the oxygen is out I hope they can come here If I become the Ultraman Cosmos Maybe I can save the submarine or Jaraga But . If Fubuki were still conscious How long will it take for you to get here ? One more hour You guys . Hold on I can 't believe Kaosugoru appears under the sea I have never thought about this You think too little Fubuki Have you ever thought about it before ? SRC When the protection net was built under the water I opposed to it It is not necessary at all Protect the monsters Fubuki So .. When I knew about Kaosugoru It occurred to me that this protection net might be invaded by Kaosugoru too Fubuki You are really considerate But . What I talk about might sound awesome . In fact I think too little Fubuki Fubuki What 's wrong with you ? No .. The oxygen . Your oxygen supply device malfunctions ? I just .. Discovered . Why ? Why didn 't you tell me ? Human has to die .. Shouldn 't we need to work this out ? anyway Use my instead If so .. Your oxygen will be depleted soon And both of us will die Fubuki Auto pilot Full force Fubuki I will save you Ultraman Cosmos Tech Submarine has escaped Really ? I can 't believe it What 's wrong ? They are going back Those guys . The submarine of the Musashi-Fubuki Team Fubuki At that time Fubuki has recovered his consciousness He must have discovered that I am Ultraman Cosmos Musashi Go to the maintenance department and deliver the report I 'm going back to the control room You must 've many reports to work on Fubuki told the captain about the miracles that happened to me He couldn 't believe how would that ever happen But as it turned out it was just like a lie I didn 't lie to anybody Is it true ? Musashi ? I 'm sorry I didn 't mean to hide it from you Hide ? What are you talking about ? We are talking about Fubuki What ? Fubuki ? Right . His honorable deed of saving Ultraman Cosmos He didn 't remember it at all That is really amazing He can 't remember it ? Musashi Did I really save Ultraman Cosmos ? Right Because .. Fubuki almost ran out of his energy but he still won the contest Come on He overturned the whole situation ? What the hell ? That must be a lie Why are you laughing ? By the way , because of that What ? This is great .. come on What ? No .. never mind Never mind ? You sucker ... There 's nothing at all Nothing Tell us , Musashi Nothing Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode The huge whale flying in the sky This strange scene only appears in girl 's dreams But everything is unexpectedly under the control of Kaosugoru 's ill intention The whale flying in the sky suddenly becomes the terrible Kaosugiraku It is infesting in the girl 's body We can 't take any measure What can we do , Ultraman Cosmos ? Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Flying Whale
