 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Revenge of the Firefly Here comes Kaosubagu What 's this ? A firefly You guys are good You found a firefly at this season That 's ... How can it be possible ? A car was eaten by a firefly ? We asked the local police But we got nothing After the investigation we found that We 've got many things to do Fubuki teammate I think It 's ok that we send this kid Can you stop calling me a kid ? Old man Old ... Old man ? If I am a 19-year-old kid You 're obviously an old man You dare say that ... Your spirits are very good Ok I 'll send you two Activate yellow situation Musashi , Fubuki You take the Huntaway to get there Roger The destination is Firefly in Gunma Check things out Got it All the system is ready Get set Captain is so bad What ? Sending Fubuki and Musashi together to check Yah That team makes me frightened I don 't know if they will start a fight there A fight ? That 's fine But Even it 's an order Maybe it 's because it 's Firefly village That Fubuki could accept it Um But Fubuki doesn 't seem to like fireflies Those two are like water and fire Haruno Musashi Fubuki Keisuke Musashi is spring Fubuki is winter Spring and Winter ? Doigaki Fubuki is the wind The combination is the breeze in spring Breeze in spring ? Isn 't it good ? Breeze in spring Let 's go For what ? You got a cold ? Take care of yourself No It 's like some pollenosis By the way , Fubuki What 's in Firefly village ? Where It 's here It 's like a painting I 'll ask the people inside You 're still here What are you laughing at ? Fubuki ? I am not laughing It 's rude Why are you so mad Well then Let 's check things in the tunnel Fubuki Fubuki Huntaway is right there That way I know that of course It 's weird What character is this There 's a clean river here There used to be many fireflies But The amount suddenly decreased 10 years ago They are hardly seen now The villagers told me so 10 tears ago ... That 's how old the tunnel is Well You 're saying the firefly spirits sacred the cars ? No I didn 't say that ... Because of the road If there 're emergency patients They can be sent to the hospital in next village Around here We have much snow in winter Because of this road the traffic won 't be cut off It 's just ... Fubuki Well ... It freaked me out It 's a real firefly Slow down It 's not a firefly This is ... Get back to Huntaway Yes Damn , we 're covered What 's this ? The temperature is getting high Are they going to melt us away ? Is it a joke ? Plasma shield doesn 't work They seem to be happy Right Kaosu head ? Yes When they were attacked we found a reaction They light virus Dare use the power of creatures I think when I stop the engine the temperature will fall I think bugs like to gather to where light is So they gathered there The bugs ' character ... You know something I don 't think you do There 's a reaction of power Kaosu head ? Yes Around here This is ... Dumping grounds Kaosu head ... What does this guy here for ? The information Musashi reported is The object destroys things with light and heat Does Tech Thunder react too ? I think so Ok Shinobu Doigaki If you find Kaosu head there Destroy it Take off now Got it Red situation Activate Attack Attack Laser Ray Fire It didn 't disappear Can it that ... The head is waiting for us to attack It wanted to be a monster It meant it ... The village The village is in danger It 's impossible This missile ... Doesn 't work ? This way Go this way , please This way Please hurry It 's ok This way Fubuki , let 's go to the shelter Fubuki Damn This is not safe Let go Fubuki Damn I can 't let you do this This is ... Stop there I can 't forgive that I won 't forgive you I can 't let you do to the village Where I grew up Fubuki Fubuki Vice captain , it 's dangerous We can 't fly high Our speed is getting down Tech Thunder 's power is sucked Shinobu Doigaki Cosmos Tech Thunder is back The attack before .. Is just like Ridoriasu Cut off Kaosu head Does it work ? There 're only three minutes that Cosmos can work Can he beat this terrifying monster ? What an amazing power It 's got defeated in no time We did it , captain Um The justice wins always With the power it left Fubuki Fubuki You are awake Where 's the village ? How about the village ? It 's ok Don 't worry about it Well Captain told me so Fubuki was weak when he was little So he came to that village to switch his body He 's so talky Firefly village ... Every day here Makes me miss it so much and I really want to return But I can 't ... I can 't do anything to them We heard you 're in SRC We are all happy for you Really ? Yes One day it will come The real firefly You ... Who 're you smiling It hurts You look back in conscience Sorry to let you worry Come on This is for you Your favorite pudding No Pudding ? Fubuki likes puddings ? It 's not like you Mind your own business Give a bite No A bite doesn 't matter It 's not for you One bite Don 't break it Ok , stop You look better I 'll bother when you recover Breeze in spring Breeze ... in spring ? Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode The moving source of the quake is Mogurudon Coming from Tech Thunder 3 Doigaki who suggested to fight as 3 Volunteered to be responsible for it Damn No. 3 Is not like what he imagined Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Hooking the Monsters So Doigaki Activate it
