 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At anytime , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. Planet Lover Here comes Anglila In the distant universe Anchilica who 's abandoned here Attacked the aircraft Without confirming its identity At the mean time Excuse me Ayano ... Shall we have lunch ? You kids The first thing you think is food I 'm going shopping first Who 's the kid ? What do you say ? No , I said nothing I 'll trouble you after wards thanks What a cute dress Are you alright ? Be careful Yes ... yes Ayano ... This is ... Would it be ... Ayano Ayano What It 's Musashi ... What happened to her ? She 's so close to get hit by a car Maybe she did get hit You should go to Medical Center to check it up You 're back Back ? Welcome back What ? How do we solve that military satellite problem ? I think it ... It 's a big problem We should solve it as soon as possible Five years ago Who the earth started to send satellites Did they say to abandon them in the universe ? Of course this one still has its effect But it sometimes breaks down There 're some situations that the earth couldn 't control Like the waste of rockets waste of the Universe Center Or Space Cabin There 're problems to cope with the garbage About the military satellite It can 't be said to be trash For the universe It may be mines I fit is a mine If we don 't solve it properly We have to protect humans and the universe Speaking of it Ayano is the next Who 's responsible for the introduction It 's important to make everyone aware of the work of Eyes Ayano Ayano Ayano Yes ... yes Listening to people Is an essential manner Yes It 's so got Captain Captain Are you ok ? Is your tongue ok , too ? Let me see Let me see I hope you can obey one thing There 're lots of important places in the base When you see the sign No Entrance You can 't enter And Actually ... It may be ... my destiny Are Captain and Leader on the meeting again ? Um Old military satellite Anchilica Seemed to cause an accidental attack in the universe Accidental attack ? Anchilica 's attack system is quite sensitive But its auto-attack system seemed to be input attack directly So it makes responses to other aircraft 's So the possibility to cause an attack is big Does it caused by living creatures We have not found out that If the aircraft is loaded living creatures This is the full view of Chishi island The monster caught by Eyes Are happily ... I 'm interested in that captured monsters ... The female at that side Please listen to me The place is big Don 't get lost If you follow me there 's no problem Hey Come , everyone go first Come on . That way Well ... Last time ... Well ... I appreciate ... You saved my life How should I say that This is ? What ? It 's the command center I am very sorry that You can 't enter that The main computer is there , right ? How do you know The fastest and best computer in the world I use it every day You 're tough Just like I imagine Hey ... Nice guy ... Talking about ... I am tough I wanna talk to you more If it 's possible .. I hope to talk alone ... Alone ... When you decide the place May I see you later ? For example ... How about here ? Ok I 'll go to the botanical garden for a minute I got it It 's that time ... Ayano You 're a beautiful woman Your style ... Is fabulous You character is cute like a girl No matter what kind of man He will be attracted to you Ok You style make-up is done I am sorry You must have waited for so long Come on , over here By the way I haven 't asked about your name It 's Reid Reid Your name is so cool Well ... I 'll ask a private question Do you have a girlfriend ? Do you ? I must have one It 's to strange if you don 't have one You can 't go that way It 's a restricted area Please hold your step You can 't enter Wait What are you doing ? What 's going on ? Fubuki Excuse me What 's going on ? Fubuki Why did you leave the command center ? I 'm very sorry , Captain Actually ... Ayano is in danger now What ? What ? Doigaki Can you open it ? I will Captain Leader Look Ayano is controlled When the command center is empty ... Damn , it 's all my fault Ayano , can you hear me ? It won 't work She listens to me only Who the hell are you ? What do you want ? I am ... Reid of Migano planet Your military satellite Anchilica Attacked our universe center Anchilica ? And My lover Reica is dead So ... You 're the victim of that event ? There were creatures We didn 't mean to do that Lover .. Is dead ... Reica Reica Don 't come here Run quickly I can 't do that Reid I ... I 'll be with you forever I like you most Reika I ... I will take revenge of my beloved Reica I will control this Asia Max Ruin your universe center with Anchilica Anchilica 's system has been re-recorded There 're 11 minutes and 23 seconds ForAnchilicato shoot Gilmina third We don 't have anytime Captain Doigaki , haven 't you finished ? I need a little more time Please stop I know we can 't just apologize But we 'll do everything We can So ... Ok , I can open it Destruct with revenge makes everything unseen for you I hope you can listen to me I want your lives To exchange for hers Do you think she 'll be happy If you do so ? I think It 's impossible My body Has reached to the limit It 's like When Reica was dead You think it 's reasonable For this hatred I will ... Wait I will make my pain and hatred A monster To destroy .. All humans Destroy Kill Anglila There 're seven minutes before the launch Ayano I will come to save you Don 't stop , Anglila Why Why do you attack him ? Ultraman Cosmos ... Destruct with revenge makes everything unseen for you Do you think she 'll be happy If you do so ? I think It 's impossible No ... Reid Please Reica Reid I ... Don 't wish you to do this I ... Just wanna revenge for you It 's meaningless for you to do this This will cause a new tragedy between humans and Miganians Like us Reid Please 15 seconds before the launch Locked Reid We 're always together Reica Anchilica 's mission is done The launch is complete Reid Her mind ... Is in my body ... Upon the stars in the sky Those two Will .. Be happy right ? There 're not only humans in the universe The universe is shared By all creature I will never forget this Reid We Are going to be together forever Um Forever ... Together Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode As the member of development of the big Tech Ship Musashi accepted the order from Universal Development Center The one who pointed Musashi is Doctor Kihon , his benefactor in his childhood At the time Polegils shows up that a laser net can do nothing to it The defense starts Does he choose the dream to fly Or to catch the monster to Eyes It 's the moment for Musashi to make the decision Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Haruno Musashi 's Sky
