 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Robot that Comes from the Sky Igomosu steps up I don 't have this kind of feeling for a long time What kind of feeling ? Like in this control room enjoying tea with ease So there were many incidents recently This is a bad omen Bad omen Because there 's a kid who always makes mistakes Everyone makes mistakes .. That is no big deal When Ayano just came she made mistakes Fubuki Don 't be so intimate Just call me Mr. Fubuki I 'm sorry Miss Ayano It 's not bad to have a tea time once in a while It 's broken This is an awful car I need to buy a new one Naoko Naoko What are you doing ? Don 't bother me That is .. An unidentified flying object that suddenly appears on the earth It fell .. Fell ? It 's really a bad omen There 's nothing interesting lately ? Completely nothing Eh ? It happens Wait a moment What is that ? Is it a bomb ? No , it must be an artificial satellite How is that possible ? Bomb An artificial satellite It speaks It makes sounds I am Igomosu I am the toy , Igomosu Toy ? I am the toy , Igomosu Really ? A big robot There 's no harmful substances on his body They are the discoverer Nakazawa Atsushi I am Nakazawa And this is Ryu Good afternoon And Naoko Good to know you I am the genius scientist Mizuki Shinobu in Eyes Nice to know you Nice to know you too .. Nice to know you Nice to know you May I .. What 's wrong with Igomosu ? Igomosu ? It 's the name of the robot Why is it called Igomosu ? It told us that Right ? Eh ? I am Igomosu The toy , Igomosu His battery is running out If you wanna play with it You need to change the batt It talks Look The kid toy Eh .. it seems This is like what it is on the earth The producing nation and the manufacturing nation The analysis result Porutagoru The spectroscopic analysis shows it is a kid toy manufactured by a factory called Bibi Planet Bibi Planet Porutagoru You get it ? No .. The toy is so big ? That is to say .. The alien that tossed this robot here Right .. it must be a giant If Igomosu is so big .. Then that alien will be so big It 's really huge Can it speak ? According to my research There 's a high-tech device So it 's a high-tech toy ? What about the possibility of attacking the enemies ? It is nil at this moment Then we are not worried Let 's check it out Let 's go So our planet is like a trash can for the aliens ? Come on But .. Is that kid looking for his toy ? Igomosu ? Igomosu I am Nakazawa Atsushi Call me Nakazawa I am Ryu I am Ryu She is Naoko I am Naoko .. I can introduce myself It hurts Nice to meet you This is called the " earth " Earth ? I see Where is Igomosu from ? Bibi Planet Igomosu is Geban 's friend Geban ? It must be Igomosu 's master It 's so big .. then Ha .. that .. What does Geban look like ? Geban is a naughty boy Like Ryu Shut up Because Geban was careless in his journey Igomosu was dropped from spaceship Igomosu wants to go back to Geban And the batt is running out If there 's no electricity Igomosu won 't move at all Igomosu is so poor Can 't you figure out a solution ? It 's different from the monsters There 's something else We can 't contact the International Universe Center I see .. But this is not within ourjurisdiction Why ? It is a toy robot It 's not a living creature The police is in charge of lost and found Mr. Fubuki Igomosu is not just a toy It feels You are right It feels sad and happy It 's not a creature We can 't just ignore the creature that has feelings Haruno Right Anyway , we need to probe into Igomosu and retrieve more information about Bibi Planet I see What is it like ? The earth and Bibi Planet are alike Really ? There are many flowers on Bibi Planet Very beautiful I wanna see it Bibi Planet Right But The earth is also beautiful It 's a beautiful planet Really ? It seems But I don 't think so Eh ? I swallowed it Haruno Ultraman Cosmos This robot is not hostile Trust is important too Haruno What is this ? What is this light ? Ah .. kids What is this ? Look I can see the streets Doigaki It 's alright We believe in Igomosu Believe ? It 's spinning So high Great Look Really .. It 's so beautiful Especially the observation tower Thank you , Igomosu Thank me ? Right .. Be our friends .. Can I ? Nakazawa , Ryu , Naoko are Igomosu 's friends That 's great Deal We have to be good friends I see .. Eh ? That note is .. There 's something on the paper Maybe there 's a clue Let me analyze it We are back Good .. I 'm so impressed Great .. It 's so wonderful This is .. On my back There 's a note .. Igomosu What 's wrong ? Damn .. that 's too hateful Igomosu Captain It has switched its equipment If it gets angry again Mizuki .. Fubuki Climb on Ekosanto Let 's go now Got it .. Why is it so ? It 's really a bad omen Finally I decode it .. Igomosu was abandoned What is on that ? That .. Garbage processing This robot is very old now Because its batt isn 't available anymore it has to be abandoned like waste Waste ? Igomosu is garbage ? Laser net , ready Fire Damn No good If this is not solved The orange light will turn red Red ? The violent attack is the limit In order to control it We need to activate the Status Red Status Red ? Yes I see I see Ekosanto 1 Ready to fire Damn Haruno Let 's go Igomosu .. calm down Fire Igomosu Ultraman Ultraman Cosmos Please save Igomosu We are going to help Ultraman Fire Why ? Ultraman is protecting Igomosu ? Igomosu , stop now No .. We are alright Look Stop laying waste Aren 't you like a waste ? Aren 't we friends ? Friends .. Right We are friends Are we not Igomosu 's new friends ? Or you don 't like us Igomosu 's friends Battery .. is almost out Ultraman destroy me now Igomosu Nakazawa is my friend But I 'm so huge They must think I 'm a burden And Igomosu is running out of its batt There 's no substitute battery in this universe Ultraman destroy me now Make me a waste I 'm out Ultraman Let 's go , Nakazawa , Naoko Igomosu Igomosu Nakazawa Ryu Naoko My friend Right , Igomosu We will always take you as my friend Thank you Thank you , everyone Thank you Igomosu Ultraman wants to keep Igomosu But .. Our scientific ability .. may not be able to make a battery for Igomosu Not possible ? I will do it Nakazawa I will study hard .. and do it And then I can play with Igomosu But we will be adults then Our kids can play with it And their kids .. too So Igomosu can be a toy for kids .. forever I see That 's right Can you make it ? No matter how many times you 'll try At that time .. You have to cherish Igomosu Of course Igomosu will be our important friends For tomorrow .. and more friendly .. I will bring Igomosu home Can I rely on Naoko ? We 'll switch then .. That has been my dream since I was young But it 's just like a dream come true I can see your intention I see But will Igomosu like it ? Is it okay that my room is pink ? Naoko , you like pink ? Ah .. there you go again You will find the courage that belongs to you Preview of the Next Episode There 's a surprising event This is .. This is a mysterious light Will the fire bug appear again ? Investigating Haruno and Fubuki with the sheepdog Suddenly the light strikes Because the windblow activates the equal-ion area And generates a monster Can Ultraman handle it ? Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Revenge of the Firefly What comes up is .. a laser fight
