 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Future Monster Aradoss , Nowar , Ragstone show up Time is abnormal Although we can 't feel it We know there 's a place depending on different location time is 5 minute different 5 minutes ? Strange I 'm sorry I 'll clean it right away Ah , I 'm sorry Wait ... did you feel anything ? Do are you talking about ? What do you mean ? Time ... I feel time just ceased ... for a moment None ... I don 't feel anything No ... as Musashi said ... There is a 12.03 sec difference between the 3rd satellite on Jeremy and us Really ? What a small monster Its shape is weird Stand by in the air Hand it in to Musashi if you get it It seems to be in high spirit Don 't judge by its appearance Get the anesthesia bomb Right Fire Captain Please reply , Fubuki Musashi The monster is moving No ... our time is ceased Time around the monster paused for 7.05 sec Is that monster the one who caused the abnormality We 'll get it next time Wait a second That monster seems to be weakening What 's wrong with you ? The monster , called Aradoss is weakening quickly So it is not sent to Kaburaya Island It undergoes a series of checks at the scene The genetic analysis shows it comes from the earth But ... It shouldn 't exist in this era It is a future monster that carries advanced genes A future monster ? During Aradoss evolution It is equipped with the ability of transcending time Wait That is to say ... it comes from the future ? Right ... from its genes We think it comes from the time 5000 years from now 5000 years from now ? But why is it weakening ? Is it because the environment there is different from now ? That 's possible It 's still a baby monster so its immune system is weak Did he get lost in his journey in time ? 5000 years from now to the present time ? The future monster Come and give me a hand ... Musashi Captain The smell is strong What is it ? This is the nutrient for Aradoss I made it by myself Stop now Eat it You should eat more ... in order to get better It is not afraid of us In the beginning it was ... but now we get more familiar Is it a friendly monster ? Can it be cured ? It 's still in an abnormal situation But the medical team is doing their best now Musashi Yes Monsters still exist 5000 years later ? This means ... our work of protecting them is not in vain I won 't let it die Yes Captain Aradoss is getting worse Although we 've given him a variety of treatments It 's still not resistant to the environment at the present time Death is approaching it Everyone on the earth ... We are Nowar Nowar people We are very interested in the monster that is able to control time Earthling ... Give it to us By means of our advanced technology Maybe we can save it Our promise of not to invade the earth will be a deal in exchange I 'll wait for your reply Objection If we hand in Aradoss to them I don 't think they il keep the promise Nowar is a group of bad guys who mechanizes the monsters I think probably ... Hiura We 're not planning to give Aradoss to Nowar people In fact ... After Aradoss dies ... we can conduct an autopsy the result might to beneficial to us That is our concern For Defense Army ... instead of possessing Aradoss they pay more attention to its ability So Defense Army and Nowar have the same intention Musashi ... Instead of being used If there 's a chance to save Aradoss We 'd better hand it in to Nowar Musashi Eat now ... Aradoss Eat more ... pluck up your spirit What 's wrong ? Enjoy the meal Please ... Aradoss Musashi If we can take the advantage of Nowar 's advanced technology Maybe it can be saved But ... Aradoss might be made into a mechanical monster Despite Defense Army 's decision At least I want it to die on his homeland I think Aradoss will agree on that Captain No good ... Captain The flying object assumed to belong to Nowar is coming towards us Tecch Spinner 1 , take off Tecch Spinner 2 , take off They are coming to steal Aradoss Launch the shield No problem Damn Musashi Captain Red alert I see Aradoss Ragstone ! Damn Cosmos ! Aradoss uses his last energy to send Ragstone to the end of the space Aradoss I 'm sorry ... Aradoss for not being able to protect you Captain That is ... They are Aradoss partners from the future Partners ? Aradoss Aradoss is back Captain Aradoss , you have to get better in the future 5000 years from now It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have reached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode Appearing in the fancy land the girl of Kaburaya Island Mini is transformed into a biochemical weapon , Gamoran Musashi Musashi 's action is blocked Start the test Now the ultimate test upon human is coming soon Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Ultimate Test Can you solve this problem ?
