 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . ower that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. Fubuki is going to Quit ? Truter Comes On It was about a year ago ... When Haruno Musashi hadn 't become a member of EYES The next city have not ready for seeking safety in flight yet We fire the Restrain Bomb to stop the Truter Understand The Restrain Bomb can 't stop that guy We have to take care of it before thing 's becoming worse Captain The Machine 1 started the NX Bomb ... What ? That is still in testing condition For saving the people We have to defeat this guy What ? It 's not work ? Then Now ... For the serious threaten of Kaos ' head day by day EYES made a decision What did you say ? EYES has to be commanded by the Defend Troops ? Exactly It 's a right decision to defense the invasion of Kaos ' head to earth In order to defense the intruders We have to stand together I don 't think there is something to protect the monster , right ? Hiura ? We need your strength urgently As the Defend Troop to protect people from the invasion We need your ... support very much But ... EYES ... will not withdraw from the front to protect the monster Fubuki Who allows you to say so You were a member of the Defend Troops Now ... I am one of the EYES Damn EYES is different from the Defend Troops Even ... we can change something by attacking We will try to capture the monsters if we had to That 's ... That 's real EYES members That 's it We , the EYES refuse to take the command from the Defend Troops We are existing for protecting the monsters It 's really touched I can 't believe Fubuki would say that Right ? Fubuki You grown up Musashi You went too far Yeah ? But Fubuki is changing Yes I don 't know what happened Right , tell us What , what I changed because someone I met You met someone ? An encounter that can change Fubuki is ... Is that possible that you have a girlfriend ? Eh ? No It couldn 't be ... me ? Me ? Yeah , right It 's not you Eh ? An encounter ... Who is that exactly ? There is monster in one F3 under the ground Okay Start the Orange State EYES Time to go Understand Is that Truter ? That 's ... At that time ... The NX Bomb I fired The NX Bomb ? A specially made bomb that SRC developed before It will be exploded all within a radius of 5 meters from the monster But because of the incomplete function It is forbidden now Why that thing will ... Shit The start device of the NX Bomb is still work I don 't know when it will explode A moving ... Bomb ? If that guy exploded in downtown it will cause a huge damage We have to think something to take the bomb out If I ... didn 't fire the NX Bomb ... Damn Okay Very good No Fire another bomb Calm down Fubuki It may cause explosion of the NX Bomb without a proper attack Damn What should we do ... Fubuki We have to think a way to take the NX Bomb out I know I want to do so So If we failed Maybe there are more people died Before it becomes that We kill that guy here ... Fubuki Watch out What am I ... thinking right now ... I can 't believe I try to do so ... Well It happened like that a year ago ... Fubuki of that time Of course with the awareness of being one of the EYES But even he knew that He was still affected unconsciously by the Defend Troops when he was one of them before Because of that I was affected by the orders all the time I want to resign my job in EYES Leave ... EYES ? I ... already ... lost the qualification of being one of the EYES What are talking about Didn 't you say you will protect the monsters forever as one of the EYES in front of the carder of Defend Troops It 's so not like you You changed since you met the " Ultraman Cosmos " Can 't you say that 's not true ? Fubuki met with the " Ultraman Cosmos ? " I ... I can 't believe I was trying to let Truter died at that time At the moment I thought it would be fine as long as I killed it Because your fault Everyone was involved because of your fault Maybe I changed after I met " Ultraman Cosmos " But I didn 't I ... didn 't change at all Fubuki Stay in EYES Go away Try again with every one of us I said go away Fubuki You can 't evade The " Ultraman Cosmos " will not evade ever No matter when No matter what happened Fubuki He ... Is he leaving the Treasure Base ? Is that okay not to chase him ? Is that okay to let him leave just like that ? Leave him alone It 's a good thing to leave him alone But ... It 's okay Fubuki will come back Truter appears in one W2 And it goes forward to the downtown It will arrive one W2 right away Listen Fire the Anesthesia Bomb first Understand After it slept Then Musashi of Machine 4 fires Kain Waves then takes the NX out Understand We have to win this fight no matter what It 's for Fubuki too Okay Fire the Kain Wave Okay It starts The reaction of Kaos ' head ? Musashi Stop it quick Get away from there How can I give up ! Answer Musashi It 's bad Captain The NX Bomb ... We don 't know when it will explode Okay Let me handle it Yes This way Captain The people are running away in the street ... What ? " Ultraman Cosmos " Fubuki ... I 'll handle this You take care of Truter Damn They don 't know what time it will explode ... They bet their life on it No matter it 's " Ultraman Cosmos " Or Fubuki " Ultraman Cosmos " will never escape No matter when No matter what happened Good Don 't lose " Ultraman Cosmos " The start device begins It will explode in 30 seconds And ... 30 seconds Everything ... will gone I believe ... Fubuki The start device is relieved " Ultraman Cosmos " I dissolved this guy Good Then we , the EYES will take care of the rest Come Come in Thank you so much Thank you Fubuki Fubuki I ... think six of us are the EYES We will not be EYES if anyone of us is not here Come on But this guy always takes the best part How can you say so He is the hero this time Right ? Hero It 's cool Fubuki You grown up again Musashi What are you doing ? You said who grown up again ? I didn 't say anything Ouch Let go Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . review of Next Episode A strange object fell down the Research Center of SRC suddenly The EYES is investigating that But the strange object became a Living Machine The Hailsgingle The " Ultraman Cosmos " can 't defeat it which with a steel body Then the man who knows the defect of Hailsgingle Come This is soup noodles ... Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Aliens From The Old-man Planet Do you realize the happiness to have families ?
