 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... Control the Monsters Teirudasu comes in Teirudasu , from the Norware Planet comes in That ... What 's wrong with you and Kazumi Shut up Come on You 're embarrassed again ... You are really cute Fubuki ... I 'll kill you Musashi What ? There are monsters in IG7 Ayano I switch it to the big screen It looks like Teirudasu There is a control system inside its body ? What is this strange electro-wave ? I see Captain What 's wrong ? The monster is reformed and under someone 's control What ? It looks weird I 'll fire if it makes any move What ... What is going on ? What 's wrong ? Nothing Come on I can 't believe I 'm giving the monsters a check up Shut up ... and do it Yes You never change ... You 're so serious My sweet angel As you can see ... The monsters are dying rapidly What does this mean ? There 's a certain kind of device installed inside its body It 's everywhere in the body Someone is controlling it After my research I found it 's not from the earth I don 't know who ... in order to control it it 's reformed ? That 's incredible But ... Because the monster can 't take it Especially the serious reaction of the nerve system that put it to death suddenly I think that 's it That can 't be forgiven This is ... Where ? This is the dark world What are you saying ? You are ... I am from Norware Planet Norware Planet ? I wanna tell you something What do you wanna say ? Come to the industrial zone of the Area K I 'll be waiting for you Norware ... Norware Planet man ... Good morning What happened this morning ? Why do you do that , Doigaki ? It 's him It 's him What ? Nothing ... We detected a strange wave A strange wave Weren 't you controlled by Kaosu 's head before ? I 'm afraid that will happen again But , why do you treat me like this ? Because the strange wave only exists in your room My room ? I wanna tell you something Come to the industrial zone of the Area K And that wave ... seems to carry some intentions It 's similar to the wave that put Ayano into a deep sleep Anyway It 's good that you 're fine But we still worry about you Ayano , you 're be the first one that comes to our minds if we 're gonna talk about who 's more troublesome Come on Kid ... Ready , throw Great .. I won Ready , throw One , two , three , four That Norware Planet man What do you wanna tell me ? Wait a second ... The result is ... A monster of 7 colors Come here too Musashi Don 't be so hostile I wanna show you something Nerudoranto ? This is the monster we caught on the earth Why did you do that ? Why ? Why don 't the people on the earth do this experiment ? What are you talking about ? You haven 't found Musashi ? I 'm working hard enough Damn On our planet You can catch monsters everywhere There are monsters ... But ... The number is decreasing So we start to search for the planet of monsters That 's why you came here We invade the wonderland of the human beings and capture their information And then we transfer Ragusudon to this place By using human desires You live an advanced life Why do you oppose to the experiment on monsters ? I don 't get it The monsters are also members of the earth What ? No matter it is a monster or a wild animal ... Any living creature shouldn 't be treated like this Eh ? Captain , please take a look at this What is this ? I 'll find Musashi in a different way I don 't approach the possible ways I will approach the impossible ways instead I see ... Fubuki ... Go to K8 I know Why do you want me to come here ? You ... You think you can communicate with the aliens ? You think as long as you know how we think about this . we can live in peace ? It 's a pity that it 's not very likely Finally I found this great place It 's a pity you are wrong ... You think you can succeed now ? Musashi Are you alright ? I 'm okay What 's going on ? There 's a huge living creature in the area of K8 Fubuki , Musashi ... Get out now Go Is the reformed Nerudoranto hidden in this area ? Doigaki Transfer the data after you scan Nerudoranto I see Anesthesia bomb , ready Got it The anesthesia doesn 't work Captain Hiura Compared with the last monster This one has more functions What are you saying ? There 's also the function of anti-anesthesia bomb Is there any solution ? So far no What should we do ? Captain Activate the red status Got it Got it No way Wait , Musashi I 'll save it Cosmos Cosmos Go now ... Ultraman Cosmos The devices inside the monster have lost their functions Is Nerudoranto saved ? It 's true ... that the monster can 't stand the influence of the reform Cosmos He 's not a god Monster It 's not an experiment subject It 's a part of the earth It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have teached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Is it our enemy or our friend ? The gigantic quantum-moving device Gigi is going to take a new strategy measure There are thousands of Gigis Ultraman Cosmos is in a crisis again Now there 's someone coming to help him Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Gigi Resisting Kurewagon Believe that the power of courage will be strong enough to save the world
