 We have to fight with Defense Army in the last war Will we take Cosmos as a bait ? There is only one missile We have to make a good use of it We can only take the measure of getting close to Chaos Head I hear the sobbing of the earth Musashi Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Sorrow of the Earth Dolba , Chaos Dolba Chaos Ultraman Calamity show up The invention of the new weapon Chaos Chimera has come to the final stage after the inclusion of SOAGG stone It 's reproduced Really ? Right As Doigaki has said ... The wave length of the SOAGG stone increases the enzyme of Chaos Chimera And the number ? What about the number ? It 's increasing in in amazing speed So we can defeat Chaos Head at the location of P87 Great Great Good ... Thanks We made it Hazumi It 's all because of you We 'd better be quick , Captain Please start making Chimera missiles I will bring with me the design map and the data I 'm very impressed by your preparation Good job You are welcome Don 't be too elated I will bring some samples So humans beings will be able to deal with Chaos Head We see the light of hope Right Why do you look so low-spirited ? Captain Can I go to Kaburaya Island ? What are you talking about ? I see Go ahead But ... but you 'd better be quick Come back soon after you see the monsters Thank you Musashi ... the member That ... How should I put it Don 't worry I will be right back At this very moment why do you let him go ? Because it 's important That guy ... I feel that Musashi has cast some doubts over this matter of combat Everyone wants to fight with violence If there 's any other way Indeed he said so He 's tender ... and a too tender man As the combat is upon the corner we can 't let him be like this You want to expel Musashi ? Ayano Right Send the data and sample of Chaos Chimera to the Defense Army To the Defense Army ? Right We can 't destroy P87 simply with our force Chaos Head base I plan to work with Defense Army in the final war Captain We can 't wait until the war breaks out Just make a decision right now Please tell me ... Lidorias What can we do ? What 's wrong ? Why are you so low-spirited ? Perhaps it 's because of Chaos Head Chaos Head ? The whole ecology system is changed No ... only just on this island Perhaps it 's changing everywhere on this earth I seem to hear the sobbing of the earth The sobbing of the earth ? After several days Chimera missiles are completed and Chaos Ultraman ... Right ... attract and defeat him We don 't know what 's gonna happen and how he 's gonna bother us So we 'd better ... get rid of the remaining threat of Chaos on the earth That means the preliminary battle ? But how are we gonna do it ? Attract it with Cosmos Let 's take Cosmos as a bait Take Cosmos as a bait ? We can emit the signal of 1420Mhz as if Cosmos Ultraman has shown up Chaos Ultraman harbors hostility against Ultraman Cosmos So it will be trapped Look at this map This is the location of the emission Let 's load Chimera on Tecch Spinner 1 There will be only one missile Fubuki , I 'm counting on you Got it Musashi Doigaki , go install the emission equipment Got it Shinobu has to cover Tecch Spinner 1 with 2 Got it You have to come back with victory Got it ? Sure EYES ... Go Emission equipment is installed Alright . move to the appointed location Got it I 'm ready here Alright What about number 2 ? In position We are ready at all time Launch the emission Can we really end this war this way ? Chaos Head is evolving quickly Even if it 's defeated it will come back to life again Musashi , I know how you feel But we have to fight We have to fight along ... until we win Within the action area we detect the response of Chaos Head It 's coming From under It 's coming under the around This is ... This is Dolba It is the same kind of monster is Chaos Dolba We revive a monster of the ground ? Dolba sends out strong Chaos signals Fubuki , take off now Got it Chimera missiles , ready Wait , Fubuki You can 't fire it Chimera missiles are not powerful enough to separate Chaos Head and the monster If you fire ... you will hurt the monster Damn Number 1 Musashi Chaos Ultraman It penetrates our strategy ? Dolba bait ? That 's so wicked Leader Fubuki , run for your life There is only one missile how can it be destroyed Fubuki The war is over ... Run now Damn Musashi Musashi This is ... Musashi This is a scene of my memory The memory of Cosmos Right Before I came to the earth I attempted to protect a planet from the threat of Chaos Head Your attempted to protect ... ? But I failed Because its power changed the whole Eco-system and brought death to the planet Liar How is this possible ? It 's true That 's why I want to save the earth There 's only one earth I have to save it , whatsoever Cosmos I seem to hear the sobbing of the earth The sobbing of the earth ? Transform ... Musashi For this earth Cosmos The reaction of Chaos on Dolba is gone Dangerous Cosmos Shinobu Dolba It wants to save Cosmos Cosmos ... Defense Army All retreat Let me take over Got it Lieutenant Junya I am Junya I am going to defeat Chaos Ultraman There 's only one Chimera don 't waste it Who do you think I am ? Right Target ... lock on Chimera missile , fire Got it I made it Great ... I made it I bring a message from Commander Sahara The Defense Army will assist the EYES We will get to the location of P87 and defeat Chaos Head Over Thanks Please tell him our appreciation Got it Great ... So we can attack Chaos Head Musashi Where are you going ? I want to take Dolba to Kaburaya Musashi ... Do you find the measure that you are saving ? You have to face the truth ... Musashi You can 't fight if you hesitate If we don 't defeat Chaos Head our future will be gone Is that the only way ? Is that the only way ? It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have reached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode It 's time to countdown the coming of the final duel Loaded with Chaos Chimera Tecch Booster appears in Eligal again The crystal material , the detection boat , Waltz brings back ... Chaos Header is coming towards the base Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Ambush Will the end of the war comes ?
