 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. Friends In the Forest Sancho Walowa comes in Tech Thunder 1 reports Confirm that Kaosugoru is hovering over Sancho Walowa We lost Kaosugoru It 's gone But it 's really good that . It didn 't get into the town That is better One day in the deep forest Hey ? Suddenly There is a strange sound But . Outside ? But in fact . It 's not true Father ... this is an incredible rumor Father .. People in the past made up such a rumor in order to scare away the devils Yuyi Yuyi Where is that guy ? Father .. In order to check if Kaosugoru sees the amazing information Musashi and Mizuki went to check it out Sancho Walowa Hotel It 's true I see Sancho Walowa .. Sancho Walowa ? What kind of monster is it ? It 's not a monster It 's a devil It 's about my age And it looks tamed Visible to kids but invisible to adults It 's called Sancho Walowa There was a craze in the past It 's a kind of superstition But I .. I saw it .. Sancho Walowa Yuyi So what you 're saying is just an imagination Is it okay ? We have to go back to Tokyo now Yuyi I believe what you just said In fact . In the pact I took what I dreamed of as the truth and believed in it I did the same thing before Brother , have you ever seen monsters ? Never But I have met Ultraman Cosmos That 's great This is our secret Alright Alright Yuyi We have to go back now Please .. Trust What Yuyi says Maybe the adults cannot see the truth Who knows Maybe what Yuyi sees is the huge monster under the investigation But . We have to find it Sancho Walowa Don 't let his father know about this You should believe in your son You . Forget about what happened today But . The high school entrance exam is on the corner Mom is worrying about you Your current academic performance can 't put you through a good school that I go to This is .. You have nothing to do with it What is that ? Vice captain That is .. Found the target , Monster JF3 Alright Activate Alert Orange Tech Thunder 1 and 2 ... move ! Got it Father , are you alright ? Kaosugoru appears ? I will kill you Wait . Isn 't that Kaosugoru ? Maybe ... The ancient creature in that area That guy has been hiding here for one week It has never done so before Why does it appear again ? I .. It 's not time for a quarrel Look Over there We need to change the way of scaring it What ? Where is it ? Yuyi Everything is alright now Yuyi Father ... Father That is ... He I 'm sorry I 'm sorry Are you alright ? Yuyi ... Yuyi is gone Is it possible that Sancho Walowa .. Mr. Iwata It didn 't make any move You must know something Definitely Yuyi must 've been taken away by Sancho Walowa The guy only visible to kids Why do you say so ? In the past Because some people spotted that guy I was one of them One way My knee was wounded and I couldn 't walk For me ? It 's delicious This is for me too ? Sukan Sukan Sukan Sukan , what 's wrong with you ? Sukan Father Sukan Sukan Are you alright ? Yes .. Sancho Walowa saved me Look . Before leaving for Tokyo It had been with me everyday But . During that period what happened to Sancho Walowa Liar Liar Liar Liar No one would believe that I saw everything about Sancho Walowa On the contrary They think I was talking nonsense Forget about your daydreams And face the reality Got it ? My father decided to send me to a school in Tokyo Sukan Sukan Where are you going , Sukan ? Sancho Walowa Where are you ? I brought your favorite food for you I did something to Yuyi Something that everyone did to me Let 's go find him Yuyi will be fine What 's wrong ? Doigaki There is something over there That must be a human I found Yuyi Let 's go find him Sancho Walowa Tech Thunder 1 and 2 Are you alright ? So you still believe that guy has nothing to do with Kaosugoru ? That doesn 't work . You can 't go Maybe it will listen to me That is Sancho Walowa I met before What ? I was bullied in the past It is angry now You see that ? How is that possible ? No ... Sancho Walowa What ? When it becomes mad Its size will become several times bigger Sancho Walowa Probably it wants to protect Yuyi I 'll stop it Musashi ... no Please , Sancho Walowa No one wants to harm Yuyi Don 't hit it Ultraman Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos can only stay for 3 minutes on the earth Fighting against Sancho Walowa Now Ultraman Cosmos is running out of his time Sancho Walowa Stop Sancho Walowa Sancho Walowa Do you remember this ? You gave me this As a token of memory Sancho Walowa Good bye Good bye I 'm sorry I don 't mean to forget you No .. I am an adult now I .. I can 't . I can 't play with you anymore Sancho Walowa Sancho Walowa Sancho Walowa Yuyi Yuyi Yuyi Father ... Do you know Sancho Walowa ? Right I 'm sorry In fact , I met it before When I was about your age Really ? Sancho Walowa Where is it ? It must be .. A world we can 't approach By chasing your dreams everything changes . Captain Sancho Walowa Only visible to kids ? Can you see it ? I can So can I No one can see Sancho Walowa anymore ? Yes .. Sancho Walowa is afraid of loneliness Maybe it will appear in your face As long as you have a young heart Preview of the Next Episode The bronze statue dug from an ancient ruin The frightening part of the statue is the secret concealed inside When the bronze devil , Kasuto gets angry He hates human beings and wants to trigger a war No .. That 's Ultraman Cosmos Finally the day has come Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Bronze Devil The status of the light that Kasuto fires ...
