 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Bright Light Ephemera comes up Let me ask you .. you know . I don 't know Listen to me Listen to me 4 legs in the morning And 2 legs in the noon 3 in the evening What is it ? 4 legs in the morning Eh .. 2 legs in the noon This kind of question . Who knows the answer I know the answer Because it doesn 't show its legs Vice captain You can 't tell them the answer Captain We detect a huge living creature in Area D3 4 legs in the morning 2 in the noon Captain Activate the alert YELLOW EYES ... move Got it .. It 's like a baby monster Ayano How 's the evacuation in D3 ? All the residents have been evacuated Got it .. Ayano Check this monster I see The monster is attacking now The target is unknown Captain Should we capture it ? All the residents have been evacuated Minimize the damages Act now Got it .. Then ... I can 't let you have any actions No .. Musashi , did you say anything ? No . We have to stop you You can 't cause any damage again Don 't kill it No .. Don 't kill Ephemera Ephemera Dangerous Fubuki Musashi Here ... Musashi We are safe It looks happy That guy .. It did that because that was fun Damn Ultraman Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos Why ? Ultraman Cosmos Captain The monster has stopped its attack It seems to take a nap now Tech Thunder 2 ... stay at the scene Got it .. Captain Please check it out In Shiting Era about 500 years ago There was a peaceful time that lasts about 1000 years And it was recorded the strange monster disappeared after showed up once A big monster showed up in the capital And it disappeared overnight That . That is this one It looks like that one Ephemera seems to be a monster that shows up every 500 years Ephemera ? I think its name is .. Fubuki calls it so Sayaka I have your favorite desserts Sayaka ? I 've never expected Fubuki to be so talented Then .. Where are we going ? Firebug Village We just . The monster reminded me of my sister who played with me in the past What ? Here .. I met my sister and she has grown up She died at the age of 3 What are you talking about ? That . That is not my illusion Got it ... Got it Don 't kill Ephemera Ephemera ? Is it Ephemera ? Eh .. I got the dragonfly Please .. Its life span is only one day What ? At least one day Let it be free Just like the day The same voice Sayaka How is this possible That girl . Thank you You saw everything ? Right But Why do you know she is the sister ? I know that Fubuki Musashi Ephemera wakes up Come back now I see Look It 's learning to stand up That guy has grown up Go .. Try again Go .. Good .. Captain Ephemera is getting closer to the factory now Mizuki Use scare bomb to stop its action What ? Captain Don 't attack it Give it .. A little bit more time Why ? Fubuki Don 't let it make bring any disaster That guy .. Ephemera , stop messing here up What does that mean , Fubuki ? Look What is it doing ? What does it plan to do ? Put up the pieces of the garage he broke down A little baby is growing Captain The United Defense Army Commander is requesting for an emergency call Captain Hiura Why don 't launch the attack ? Activate the alert RED We are checking on the monster There is a computer processing center in that area If it is damaged There will be a great loss Launch the attack now We will solve the problem I can guarantee with the fame of EYES This .. Isn 't it similar to the riddle ? Riddle ? Right . The baby has 4 legs crawling on the ground In the afternoon it has grown up and has 2 legs When it is tired , it uses one of his hand to support his body Then .. The answer is human being ? Ephemera In Latin , it means " One-Day Life " What ? That guy .. Shortens the life of several decades to a moment The creature that has only one day If this is true What is that guy doing now ? What is its intention ? It just wants to live It strives to live For this day of a bright life The creature .. That has only one day Ultraman Cosmos You know about this Ephemera only has one day The combat against Ephemera is in our hands Please leave the scene immediately What 's going on ? We can 't let the computer center of the government put in the danger Ephemera has only a few hours left Please wait for it The attack has been decided Your treatment to him is only a sacrifice of his life Compared to its life The computer center is more important What 's wrong with you , Ephemera ? Mizuki Leave T3 right away In order to get rid of Ephemera The Defense Army has acted What ? Why .. Please stop them Ephemera is not gonna hurt anybody I 'm sorry I 'm not that powerful Fubuki 20 seconds left before it enters the targeted area I will save you I will Fubuki Get out of the scene This is an order Fubuki At least one day Let it be free Damn How can I let you do it Fubuki They have a new weapon All the missiles are capable of tracing heat Then .. I 'll destroy them all Hey ... Come catch me Ultraman Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos There is one more Damn Run now Ephemera Ephemera Why does it start to attack ? Look Its egg ... Ephemera egg Ephemera In order to lay the egg The creature that has only one day laid the egg Ultraman Cosmos We will protect the egg Please take care of Ephemera So .. Is it alright ? Fubuki The egg has been sent to Kapuya Island Musashi The egg is laid every 500 years Only for . For one day 's life Although it is short My sister has a bright life No matter what it is like The existence has its meaning Musashi Right Many balm crickets are making sounds I .. I like the sound Why , why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode The night that the universe center Germina llI was completed Musashi saved an unindentified woman She lost her memory She could only remember the sentence , " the daughter of time " Suddenly the monster , Karbasu appears to lay waste It causes all the changes Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Daughter of Time , Part I Fight for your belief , Musashi
