 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At anytime , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Legend of Two Jungle Men Here comes Missing Ghost Midori ? Long time no see Well ... You will go to senior high next year It 's been so fast You were a elementary student last time I saw you You 're pretty It 's nice It 's nice ... I wanna go to travel I hope my vacation could come Captain must go to see her boyfriend ... and Shinobu ... Yes No ... Nothing ... And things will happen ... They actually do this ... What happened ? She seems angry lately She seems to be the last one The order ... Lovers ... Does Leader have a boyfriend ? I am not interested in that .. I really really really wanna have a vacation But I can 't stand that every day How about finding that asleep monster back It 's nice Let 's cooperate Asleep ... No lower I can hear that Is it here I 'll go first Um , thank you I won 't object that ... I hope Father can be happy ... A fly batted on life Courage is not enough But I knew you would do this This village of fragrance mount Two-man Since ancient times There 's a legend of a monster called Grudge Therefore I wonder if it 's because of the tradition The local inhabitants had a fight with the construction company Anyway All things are decided How can they give up For this superstitious legend But The monsters are concerned We should notice that We 're not objecting to build the dam That 's it We just hope you to adjust the direction of the construction The rock over there Can 't be easily moved What 's going on ? What 's that rock ? It 's the legend of the Two-man mount Grudge ? There were two hostile countries In the period of warring states A general of one country Was in love with the other 's princess But The fire of war started to burn They knew it ... They couldn 't be together And those two Killed ... It 's sad Just like Romeo and Juliet The two who were killed Their eyes couldn 't be closed They revived And destroyed the country After that There was a knight called Jita Beat Grudge With that rock And sealed those two under the ground That 's how the rock is from ... But it doesn 't sound Like a superstition I think so , too Shit ... A sad legend Uwei Long time no see , chairman Hey ! I 'm not a chairman anymore Is this the rock ? Yes Sorry that , I didn 't pick you Midori came I see Midori ... Dad ... He may marry again But please forgive him You 're my only mother So ... tonight ... Let 's clean it up They can 't use that superstition anymore Since my wife died 7 years have passes Are you used to it here ? Yes It 's been four years Since we moved to another place Midori seems to care What ? No matter it 's 7 or 4 Normal people shouldn 't be counting that clearly Yes Am I weird ? I ... Six years ... What ? Strict , and being unkind ... It doesn 't exist because of this It 's been six years About your wife How long will you get out of it ... I think Chairman is strange I hope you 'll become who you used to be What do you know ? I was too busy To care about my family I see Not noticing your wife 's disease I feel your remorse In many aspects You helped a lot This place is beautiful My wife said ... She hoped Midori could grow up in her hometown It 's a place with fresh air And beautiful scenery Though I didn 't do anything for her At least I wanna cherish these words she said Chairman , you 're a nice person Because of that Sometimes ... You endure things Shinobu If you like Do you wanna stay ? Even the legendary rock It 's nothing What Damn It 's so scary Midori Have you talked to Father ? About what ? About ... Captain Here many unknown quakes has happened We are checking on it Captain Compare to quakes Maybe there 's something under ... Yes There seems to be a huge creature Activate yellow alert Musashi , go to Shinobu Fubuki and Doigaki rides Tech Submarine Got it Tech Submarine Compare to normal ones It 's got the function of benthal and underground I 'll let you take over Besides the training I drive it for the first time What ? Can you do that ? Let 's go There 's something Is it a monster ? No ... not sure Anyway let 's get inside the underground Diving Laser ready Got that OK Fire Move What ... is that ? Damn Grudge The spirits come Things about the legend ... Happened Why do you disturb us ? Activate red alert Got it Damn Things had turned out this way What 's going on ? If this guy is the legendary spirit He might be stronger than these scientific weapon Midori If Dad dies I 'll be alone Midori There 're only Father and I in the family If Father dies ... I ... Leader Take her to the refuge Yes Midori Your father is strong He won 't die Hey Is everyone in the refuge ? I can 't make sure that OK , you go first I 'll check Hey ! Somebody there Chairman Uwei Shinobu Ultraman Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos Why do you disturb us ? Did we hit it ? Stop it Does it cause pain for you ? Father Midori Are you OK ? You didn 't run You faced it with courage People like Why do you hate No matter what time It 's tough for a relationship To love someone ... Is not that simple Everyone ... Is troubling And painful And get hurt Thinking that you can 't love people And hurt others is too excessive This ... Will make yourself hurt even more Midori I won 't take your favorite Dad away Shinobu You just consider about your dad 's happiness Don 't undertake too much OK ? Thank you ... For those memories you gave me How about your happiness ? To be one of Eyes Leader We 're going back anyway Let us give you a ride I don 't feel like that What 's wrong I don 't want A childlike man to drive me What ? Shinobu Call me Sister Shinobu I got it Sister Shinobu Come back anytime The train is getting in Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Due to breakdown , the military satellite Anchilica Is attacked by unknown forces Reid who meets Ayano At the day they meet in Treasure Base Anglila shows up with hatred Many things are broken I can 't stand it anymore Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Planet Lover
