 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. Fly .. Haruno Subuttoru steps up Haruno You played too hard Be ready to land now Wait a moment I don 't know what spinning is like Can someone convince him not to do it ? He 's really into it Come on He 's just like a kid in the arcade But he 's not bad He used to set his goal on being a universe pilot So your decision is .. Let him try Are you serious ? Wow , that 's great Why is it my turn today ? The morning flight training And the afternoon training in the classroom And in the night filing the documents So this is your schedule for these days It looks demanding I had a hard time too when I just got here Cheer up , new comer Yes .. Why is it so ? Is it the monster ? Probably It shows there 's a huge heat source I found the heat source Is it going to go downtown ? Captain Eyes , go Got it Assemble now Ekosanto possesses all the units and processes them and is used to compose and deliver them after completed Although I am a new comer My passion to monsters is not less than anyone 's I will work hard Ekosanto 45 , take off You found the target ? Doigaki How 's its situation ? Is there any special situation ? Captain , are we going to use the scare radar ? Wait .. But at least .. nothing happens so far Observe it with radar scan I think this is better Captain , this monster is Subuttoru Subuttoru ? Let me handle it Haruno I haven 't given you any command That 's okay This guy is very tamed If you give it an anesthesia shot Dangerous The body is damaged Emergency bailout What the hell is it ? How is this possible ? If so .. I will become Ultraman Cosmos You can 't transform ? You idiot You do it at will You think there will be any miracle when there 's an emergency ? Or Ultraman Cosmos will come to your rescue Fubuki , don 't use violence Haruno , apologize now I 'm sorry I 'm sorry But .. I 'm doing my best What are you talking about ? How can you say so ? Fubuki .. Haruno I don 't care how you trust yourself You 've made a big mistake You have to be responsible Captain You want Haruno leave his position ? Go change your clothes Yes .. Damn But Why couldn 't I transform ? Why didn 't you give me a hand ? Captain Haruno I told you why we asked you to join Eyes Yes .. I told you .. What 's on the mind of the monsters and what they want to do ? That is to say . I wanna know their minds That 's it I thought you can make it Haruno What 's more important is .. the eye that sees the truth That 's what Eyes exists for the eye that sees the truth Monster Administration Center The failure of this combat Do you have any opinion ? There 's a great threat Anything threatening to the lives of human beings should be eliminated For our safety We need to attack any enemy This kind of person is dangerous Mr. Ikiyama There 's an important guest at the Gate 3 An important guest ? Haruno Ikiyama Good afternoon You must 've come back to shun from some troubles That 's not true I 'm thinking if I can find my real love That 's it To be frank , Ikiyama Ridoriasu is not here Is it .. Don 't worry Ridoriasu is in a good condition Then why .. It 's hibernating It 's always like this during this time of the year So .. Ridoriasu is sleeping in the center Otherwise , it won 't have a sound sleep That is right .. It 's very sensitive to sounds Sounds ? Is it possible .. Come on Give me one more chance You must be joking You want to pull our leg ? I made a mistake last time I didn 't make the right judgment Relying on my limited knowledge I put you in such a danger I 've re-examined my fault But Now I wanna know Why does the nocturnal animal Subuttoru act in the day time What does he want ? I wanna know what 's on its mind Subuttoru is a tamed monster There must be some reasons or it won 't be like this Captain Why don 't you levy the punishment over Haruno ? My judgment would come too early You are really strict I know his passion But passion is not enough I hope he can understand this The flight route And the speed changes according to the real situations It yells at that time .. So Subuttoru has intensive reactions to the flying planes That 's why it gets angry Because it 's sensitive to sounds But .. Why Subuttoru has to do so ? If it dislikes the sounds It can just go elsewhere Haruno The most important thing is the eye that sees the truth This is why Eyes exists Is it possible .. Or .. No .. There must be some reasons or it won 't be so impatient Egg .. It stays here to protect its eggs ? It 's afraid that the flying planes will hurt its eggs If so .. Why is it possible ? Make sure there 's an energy reaction in Area J3 Captain That guy is over there It 's not .. It 's moving , isn 't it ? Get out I don 't wanna hear your bullshit Please analyze the moving route of that guy Moving route ? Subuttoru hates the noisy planes It doesn 't like the noise Sounds .. stop ? That 's it For this reason It wants to destroy the planes Absolutely right The monster goes towards Airport III Lock the airport Got it And contact the airport administration And cancel all the flights Thank you Fubuki and Mizuki act now Got it Captain I wanna help too I wanna help Eyes Please Please Use No 4 Yes Mizuki Yes What 's the situation at the airport ? Probably 98ยบ / of the flights have been cancelled All the takeoffs are cancelled And the landing planes have be re-directed Oright Eh It 's not done yet There are still some planes in operation What ? They don 't change the schedule ? Captain Emergency There are planes prepared to land The engine malfunctions They have to land at the airport Can 't they land at somewhere else ? Because the engine malfunctions They have no choice What about Subuttoru ? It 's slowing down But in this situation It might change its target and attack that plane directly Change its target ? Captain If we are to stop Subuttoru I think we need to use anesthesia bomb Didn 't we fail last time ? I will be the bait this time Bait ? Yes .. Let me decoy it When it shows up I 'll shoot him with an anesthesia bomb I think the possibility is high Captain According to the computer We only have one minute left Haruno Don 't anger the monster You can 't take the risk We need to protect the plane and also Subuttoru There 's no choice for us now Oright .. give it a try The monster shows up on the street It 's going to attack the plane Oright Right .. here Follow me , Subuttoru Fubuko .. now Let me do it It 's shot Haruno .. go away I can hang on Damn Haruno Rescue .. is relied on your heart and your power Ultraman Cosmos There 's another miracle again Fire Ultraman Cosmos Fubuki , fire Got it Great I have a good sleep Our capture was done successfully Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Haruno Are you hurt ? Are you alright ? Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin Come on I 'm sorry Are you okay ? I 'm alive .. You .. Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . The plane and the airport are safe And Subuttoru and its eggs are secure now Everything is okay But human beings are lucky They are so lucky It 's really unpredictable It 's not just about lucks Ridoriasu did a great help So everything will be resumed from tomorrow Of course .. And don 't forget about the cleaning in the afternoon Of course .. Everyone has to do that Don 't complain You are just a new comer Preview of the Next Episode That is .. Igomosu , a gigantic robot Ultraman 's toy that appears on the earth one day But .. Igomosu that has a good interaction with the kids on earth however has a surprising action and catches the attention of Eyes Calm down Calm down , Igomosu You 're the good friend of the kids Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Robot that Comes from the Sky
