 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Daughter of Time , Part I Uruka Karbasu is introduced On that day The long-waiting dream was finally realized An official residential center Germina llI was completed Vice Captain Come here Thanks I remember Musashi wants to go to the universe someday Right . Before Germina llI was completed I 've been expecting it .. But human beings are really awesome 4 years ago .. The suspension of the construction came after an accident I thought the construction would be cancelled There 's an unidentified creature in Area J9 There 's someone there Ultraman Cosmos Cheer up No .. That 's not true .. I just wanna check out your situation Did you save me ? I think so I 'm sorry I am Musashi What about you ? I am .. You lost your memory ? Right . She seems to be shocked and thus her memory is lost When was she there ? Maybe she can 't even remember her name Then why would she .. Be attacked by the universe creatures ? I 'm sorry I don 't know you are checking on it That 's okay Because we just finished it I see Cheer up It 's not the case I 'm here to visit you Thanks to you You are welcome This .. It 's a little bit embarrassing It 's so beautiful I think you look better now Oh , by the way I wanna ask you What does EYES mean ? What ? EYES is an organization dedicated to protect monsters by sending them to Kapuya Island Although this is not . Exactly a " dream " work But . That 's awesome What ? You are really considerate The monsters living on this planet are striving to survive and live together I know this sounds strange So there 's such kind of person who works for this dream Ah .. that .. Didn 't we meet each other before ? I 'm sorry .. I forgot you lost your memory I seem to have seen you somewhere in time I think so What ? When I first saw you I felt that I knew you So we could get along well so quickly That is .. The doctor asked me to write what I still remember Maybe my memory can be restored The daughter of time ? Where am I ? What am I doing now ? When I think of these things I always come up with this sentence It must be very important Why ? What 's wrong with you ? Why did the living creature suddenly disappear ? What ? Intending to destroy that girl . After Ultraman Cosmos appeared He disappeared without engaging in a fight with him Don 't you think it 's strange ? Wait , Musashi Yes Do you know what it is ? What is this ? She painted it last night I don 't know what it is about ? Is it possible that . Oh .. Musashi You are really hard-working Tech Thunder 's shaking bomb Hey What 's wrong with that guy ? Captain Please check it out Her name is Kurosaki Rene Four years ago She used to be a member of Germina III Four years ago ? Yes .. After an incident 4 years ago She died So she 's dead now ? But she 's still in the hospital Her check-up data is released Her actions . No matter what they are are all controlled by a bio-chemical chip A bio-chemical chip ? After the transfusion of this chip she was given a life And .. The chip in her brain controls her soul Rene .. She completely controlled by the transfused chip on all her actions Captain . If she were here she would be controlled I don 't know what they will do to her during this period Please move her to somewhere else Wait a moment She doesn 't know who she is at all What do mean by that ? She doesn 't know there is a chip inside her body And .. She doesn 't know she 's already dead NOW .. She has a strong will to survive She thinks she 's still alive So .. If she knows about this .. Can 't we save her by taking out the chip ? If we take out the chip I think she will be restored Rene .. She 's already dead See you next week Is that you ? You wanna know the incident about 4 years ago ? What about the universe space ? There is one week in a term They don 't waste time That 's all .. On that day In the gravity-less environment The pressure cabin system was malfunctioning Please evacuate now Please evacuate now The construction work is very dangerous Even if I know about this I still want to make the daughter of time by myself The daughter of time ? When I look back . I always think of the sentence " The daughter of time " Professor Daughter of time What on earth . The one who made Germina III called Germina llI the daughter of time Germina III Right . Human beings on earth have spent a lot of time creating things in the universe For the staff They have devoted themselves and made it with their passions This is the photo shot when Rene wanted to be a member You can keep it if you wish All that she remembers is name of the center that she 's risked her life on Transferring Rene to a special treatment center This is their final decision How is this possible ? To make Rene sleep forever If she is transplanted with the chip She will be like a dangerous doll We can 't just wait and see Because We don 't know what they will do But . Listen , Musashi Rene .. She is not living anymore Even if we take out the chip What will happen to hen . No one knows We will tell Rene This is a treatment to recover her memory Isn 't there any way to help her ? A special medical treatment center During the treatment Please wear this id tag Thank you very much Yes .. So .. This way please You look like the patient Everything will be fine I 'll be better tomorrow Who I am .. And What I have done before . If I know the answers . I 'll tell you first I gotta go now We are coming in Please be ready Rene .. Don 't go Hey Wait a moment Don 't run Musashi That idiot What 's wrong ? Why are we running ? I 'll tell you why What will happen if we get caught ? I don 't know either Here .. Musashi This is the treatment room The patient . Wait a moment , please Please give us some time Just a few minutes Thanks Fubuki I can hear .. I will bring that guy back Musashi wants to help Rene survive This .. Of course I know about this Fubuki This is the control room Karbasu appears in M3 What ? Vice Captain is on his way by Tech Thunder 2 Why at this moment . Karbasu . It was caught once Wait a moment I 'll be back soon Evacuation of the M3 finished I 've sent the data concerning how to deal with Karbasu How come .. What 's wrong ? What 's going on ? The computer is broken down How is this possible ? That bio-chemical chip When the chip in Rene was took out The main computer was hacked I .. In that accident I lost my control Damn Karbasu runs to the streets Ultraman Cosmos Karbasu looks weird It 's not under any control of Kaosugoru Why is it so brutal Mizuki Run now I 'll try again Ultraman Cosmos Come on Damn Appearing before Karbasu that 's just started its destruction Ultraman Cosmos is unable to calm it down And then .. What caused this damage the mysterious creature in the universe . What on earth is it ? I .. Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Karbasu , controlled by the mysterious creature in the universe And EYES though temporarily defeated has suspended its movement In this period Karbasu keeps laying waste and aims to attack the energy in the cities Now , the only one who can help out is the transformation of Musashi Ultraman Cosmos But . There 's an accident again And it changes Musashi 's view Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Daughter of Time , Part II
