 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Gift from the Sky Gamoran Miirin shows up That night There 're three meteors Fell in the earth It 's like A gift from the distant universe In order to keep this Eyes have come to investigate It 's like around here Check the resource reaction That side This is ... This is the meteor that fell yesterday Um , it should be But this might be the gift of the universe What do you mean ? You know the expanding plan Um , something about messages of the aliens I saw it before There 're similar words on the box I don 't know what it means If I don 't analyze it It might be a message from the universe There 're three meteors on the laser last night We haven 't found the other two yet Doigaki Keep analyzing this box Shinobu , keep searching Fubuki and Musashi search the two left Got it Obey the captain 's order All members of Eyes Move now Right at this time What 's that ? Wow Thank you very much Fubuki The position last night There seem to be something falling down Some others said that there 's a light in the sky Ok That 's right Let 's find the one left Yes The meteor is missing Did it burn out ? No Nagano Sousuke Sousuke What ? Wow It 's like a heart beat Will it be the monster 's egg I am back The last guest lives so far It 's hard for you A bath or dinner first I 'll take a bath first The water is ok What 's up ? Honey Shit What 's that ? Sousuke Because I think it 's a monster 's egg Damn Wife Clean this up for me It 's not ok , Sousuke We 'll boil the egg Well That is ... This is Tech Thunder 2 We found an unknown object in J1 We found one , too We 're on our way The metal analysis is done How 's that Right now Open it The box Doigaki How about you there This guy is hard to deal with Is this the meteor yesterday ? It 's an egg of a monster Uh ? Really ? Listen Really It 's incredible Really Please be quiet Please be quiet Shit We can 't be found out What are you doing Nothing , nothing Listen You 'll get punished if you keep noisy Got that How about this ? Should we contact Eyes Let 's take care of the egg Really ? Ok Sorry Sorry to interrupt I have to disturb you Sousuke seemed to picked back a big monster 's egg Meteor ? Where 's it now ? It should be the Children Center Doigaki Is it ok ? Let me take over Doigaki 's Laser Gun There 's nothing it can 't open There 's no reaction No reaction at all Nothing changed I did it Uh ? There 're some words on it Ayano Can we analyze it ? Yes , right away What 's this ? This box is for Gamoran to destroy the civilization of the earth Doigaki Cope with the box But ... It 's moving It 's moving The meteor is becoming a monster Is that Gamoran ? It 's truly a monster It 's so cute It 's so cute Wow It 's so cute What 's that ? Floating in the sky What 's that ? You Are doing something wrong again Shit What are you hiding Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Shut up Move away Move away Move away Shit The meteor that became a monster In the abandoned factory in Asahi hill That monster is to destroy the civilization It 's called Gamoran Find some ways to take care of it Got it I won 't let you do things so smoothly Attacking Missile Fire We shouldn 't be able to take care of it If the civilization is destroyed It will be my fault If you 're free enough to say that Get in Tech Thunder 1 and take off Yes , I got it It 's Fubuki Another meteor is in the kids The kids ? What do you mean ? The monster here is not big I got it Protect the kids first Understand Solve it for me Go , Musashi Yes Hey , I 'll count on you Wait You , hold a second No Don 't come here What a risk We hid from them , Miirin Why are you calling it Miirin ? Because it 's a little monster I call it Miirin It 's old-fashioned You 're out of taste I am happy What 's that ? It 's like Miirin Is it your dad ? I can 't understand Save that shit It must be talking to its father Take it then Ok I won 't let Gamoran go in the town This is my duty I 'll figure it out It 's dangerous Vice captain There 're children on the streets Leave Tech Thunder first Take the kids to the shelter Got it Wow Your dad looks frightened Is it ok that we came here Miirin What is this guy doing ? Miirin Get outta here Everyone leave here What are you doing ? What are you doing ? Do you wanna shoot Miirin ? Miirin ? It wants to fight its father It 's not Miirin They 're Gamorans that is to destroy the earth Your 're lying Yah Miirin doesn 't such things Yah Fubuki They may be right It wants to fight Gamoran It 's possible Miirin You No , come back Are you alright , Miirin It 's dangerous here Come on over Miirin Don 't move here Protect Miirin Ok Musachi Cosmos Mirrin , are you alright No , Cosmos It 's Miirin 's father No Sousuke No Cosmos No Look Miirin doesn 't have the hat That should be the Biological weapon A monster that was mild originally Can be violent after wearing that ? Um No , Cosmos No , Cosmos No Sousuke It 's dangerous Cosmos Take off the mask Sousuke It 's dangerous Miirin Miirin Miirin Miirin Miirin will be staying here Miirin How are you doing ? We 're here to see you You look nice No Why , Why is it ? Miirin seemed happy What 's wrong with it They should be friends Maybe they 're s couple A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams , everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly For tomorrow , more friendly Don 't make a mistake Not all the monsters are cute By chasing your dreams everything changes . Miirin , have it At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode The incredible aurora that showed someday Anyone who sees that Will sleep until it dies And Ayano is the sacrifice Musashi decides to enter Ayano 's dream That 's a world of mystery that Cosmos can 't know The result will be Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Sleeping Girl
