 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... Dr. Gigi , the ultra space man and the giant , Kurewagon come in This will work this time The experiment works Good , Hiura Are you alright , Kurewagon ? This is really great You are not seriously hurt It 's healed It 's healed I am Musashi Musashi .. Do you remember Professor Sawaguchi ? You mean that tough girl ? Come on Nothing , she 's your friend I can 't contact her She 's researching on the device of the moving quantum in the lab Can you check it out ? No problem You mean the research institute ? No ... She has a personal lab I 'll pass you the location I see Oh ... what a close call What a close call Yeah . Although it 's far ... Let 's go now ... Kurewagon You are always like that An imperfect person Mmm You 've never changed A perfect woman You still have ... the ring I gave you Because it 's the only present you gave to me Although you let Musashi take over it But you look worried Eh ? Thanks to you Yes Let 's go , Captain But ... Nothing has happened Don 't you think it 's weird if we go there this way ? Not at all Professor Sawaguchi , however , is an important scholar in the world That 's right And isn 't she the Captain 's ex girlfriend ? Maybe they might be stuck together again Eh ? Really ? And they are still single By the way ... perhaps the incident about Gigi has made them fall in love again Fall in love again ? No ... no ... that 's not true , right ? Ayano You 'd better watch out You can 't be careless Stay here then NO ... don 't go I 'm going with you I know ... come on There are enemies There are enemies What 's wrong ... That is the ultra-space man , Gigi Musashi Captain What 's going on ? Gigi appears What ? Those guys appear again ? Please open the door I am Hiura ... Sawaguchi ... Open the door Please open the door Hiura Are you alright ? What 's wrong ? Nothing . Sawaguchi It 's too dangerous for Gigi to show up here You 'd better leave here I really hope so ... If I could do it Wait He 's different from others I can 't tell ... Perhaps only on the appearance Please allow me to introduce to you He 's Dr. 601 He 's a scientist Is it done ? That ... The quantum moving device I don 't invent old sloppy systems like you do That guy Comes from that ? Stop Don 't worry A translator ? They can 't access this system But ... Those guys are hiding outside There is a protection net guarding the building So it 's safe I think you all know ... Our ultra space will collapse soon We scientists will try to transport all the tribesmen to a new place But ... The soldiers want to take this chance to invade the earth They will gather billions of Gigi people No ... trillions of them And the transport system will be completed soon If we don 't destroy it You human beings are not able to destroy it What should we do ? If I were able to ... chance the destination of the transport system So ... You can stop the invasion ? Yes But there are only 3 hours left That system will be activated 3 hours ? Be quick Be quick Good ... everything seems smooth Kurewagon ... thanks to you I see But ... Now we have to taste the power of that gun You ... Can you go back to the original place ? No problem He 's different from you Because he has a good concept But ... I wanna know about this What ? Why you ... trust him so much ? That is because ... This is a secret Everything seems smooth Musashi I 'll go deal with them Vice captain ... Get to the transport system now If the number of them increases several times it will be too late Oright Cosmos Cosmos Please protect Musashi It 's right there The Gigi man who relies on its power If that is true It will be awful That is ... That is a gravity beam Very flexible and strong If you are bound you can 't get rid of it Cosmos Please reply Please reply This is the control room I am Shinobu Vice Captain . Are you okay ? I 'm okay Let 's move now Fubuki and Doigaki will get there soon That is ... The should be a kind of gravity beam We can destroy it when it 's launched Oright ... It seems I have to destroy it Fubuki Doigaki Can 't you figure out a solution ? What is on your mind ? Doctor ... Put that robot on the ground What ? Do as he says What 's wrong ? What 's wrong ? What 's wrong ? What 's wrong ? This is a power-reversing mini gun If you take advantage of this You can make anything big That is ... Kurewagon Ultraman Cosmos This is a good chance If you destroy that system There might be billions of Gigis That will be awful then Trust him He 's the man Sawaguchi trusts We won 't come back again I hope you can find the new space where you can live in peace I appreciate for your help May you succeed Why are you ... willing to trust that man ? That 's because ... You love him ? Are you jealous ? Come on That 's impossible I believe this girl Girl ? The ring my beloved gave me ... Now I 'm giving it to you to show my real heart She has to carry out the plan for her loved husband and child I 'm willing to trust the doctor Because of the female 's instinct But ... What about the voice ? It 's the voice sent out from the translator Don 't worry I hope the immigration plan of Gigis will be smooth Captain Musashi , Shinobu You did a good job Finally this is solved May I ask you ... what happened to the Captain Who knows He used to be like this An imperfect man But ... What 's wrong ? Kurewagon No idea It 's too complicated It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have teached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode The pleasant time The sorrowful time If we go there ... We can meet Mugera A meaningful place for yourself When it disappears ... Tech Booster Defense Guards And Cosmos And ... The thing the young man saw Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Amusement Park Legend Where is your memory ?
