 That is snow Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Door of Snow Gruanfan comes up Across from this door there lives Gruanfan Mr. Tomano told me about it I met him in the early summer A slight force suddenly pushed my back That slight force Cram school ? We are in 3rd grade . There is a big exam next year What are you doing ? What are you talking about ? I 'm jogging Why ? In the last district contest Come on ... You don 't look good This is just one of my habits This is how I pluck up my courage You 'll say " be fast " in the test ... won 't you ? Sure Sure The time has come ? It 's really troublesome What are you doing ? I 'm asking Gruanfan to hear my tunes of memories The air is refreshing here You can hear beautiful tunes Gruanfan Right ... Gruanfan lives right across this door Damn ... What did you say ? Nothing ... please take it easy Right ... It will be fixed for the time being Thank you Let me do it But ... you should practice more I don 't need any practice The community contest was closed last month I had a good performance in the contest I made my best record in the preliminary Ready ... When I stand upon the line The lines on the runway seem to be sparkling I think I will win and get into the national How ? Who will win ? At the very moment I only care about who will win I just fell a little behind Thus ... my summer ended by only 2 / 100 secs What a pity It 's a pity Let 's not talk about this now sir You have to let Gruanfan over there listen to your music Right ... right My name is Tomano I am Akira Tomano , stand over there Let me do it Gruanfan likes listening to music Right ... if Gruanfan likes this It should appear by the door Really ? Can I see it . if it comes ? It comes from a cold place So if Gruanfan gets close the weather will be cold What kind of animal is it ? It 's an ancient creature that goes into our heart And the ancient memory revives it in front of us And then , once we go into the scenes of the memory We can go with Gruanfan Together ? Where ? The other side of the door It leads to the " World of Memory " I thought it 's just a fairy tale But ... 3 days later There is snowing in the summer Right ... it snowed suddenly I 'm so jealous The EYES Don 't worry ... I 'm sorry Don 't be afraid Are you here to look into this city ? You know what has happened ? I don 't know too much You seem to ... No ... nothing at all Goodbye Mr. Tomano You ... Akira Look at this Gruanfan will be here soon Gruanfan will take me to the world across from the door Once it goes back Everything will be restored Only in his short presence in this world The time in this world will be paused Time will be paused ? Right Because time of the real world and of the memory can 't coexist So when no one knows that time is paused You will go with it ? Don 't worry You can see Gruanfan If you see the sparkle of snow in the beginning Close your eyes then Why do you want to go to the world of memory I found you I 've been looking for you Nothing has happened to you Nothing ... Not at all You 'd better not stay here tonight It 's getting cold and you might catch a cold The EYES uniform resists heat and coldness It 's warm in winter and very flexible Let me ask you ... what is the light of snow ? The light of snow ? Forget it Anyway ... don 't stay in the city Wait What the hell Ayano , what has happened ? Nothing at all Let 's go Eh ? 40 years ago ... my young wife and I ... and my son My wife passed away 5 years ago Everything was just like yesterday Mr. Tomano played the violin before I used to be a violinist So the song Gruanfan listens to Yes ... I played it That 's awesome No ... there 's only one song recorded I can 't be a famous violinist But ... I 've always wanted to be a violinist Although I can 't play the violin as I used to But at this age ... it 's reasonable Afterward Mr. Tomano remains silent I don 't know Mr. Tomano on the picture But I think Mr Tomano his the feeling of hollowness that no one can help with How can you collect so many books ? There 's something about abnormal weather conditions It 's okay if you wanna open it but you have to clean it up I see Mr. Musashi Have you ever heard the light of snow ? The light of snow ? I just ... Got it Where ? Look Come on It shows up Coming Gruanfan Mr. Tomano ... you wanna go with memory ? No way Why ? Isn 't that the time of the picture ? All that Mr. Tomano has are over there Why don 't you go ? Suddenly I realize Those used to belong to me I can 't let the time be restored Mr. Tomano Only once Right No matter what it is ... it 's only a short moment Because only once ... you can 't forget it You won I won You won Because it comes just once your brain is preoccupied with something Mr. Tomano Send Gruanfan back Why ... Why do you look down on EYES We are really troubled By the way ... You are here to help me Eh ? Don 't care about it ... Follow me now Eh ? Here ... Gruanfan come here Yours Please accept this card I should say goodbye to you You wanna say goodbye to me ? The one who opens the door has to disappear from this world Please remember ... I live a happy life Although no one knows and it might be a normal life But I 've made it I 've gained something important about loneliness I won 't forget Thank you I don 't live to create memories But .. Someday , when I leave this world I 've done my best I 'm count all the same days You have reached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must ... I wanna run Even if can see ahead Even if I am not the first one I will grow up ( Preview of the Next Episode ) The universe location , P87 The door of darkness is opened A strange energy wave is sent to the earth Chaos Ultraman Cosmos is revived from the hell The prelude of a risky combat will be drawn now Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Greatest Invasion Musashi Musashi Answer me ... Musashi
