 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Courage in the Dream Kaosu Ellegale Kaosugoru Literiyasyu comes in Kaosugoru is defeated Look Ellegale Why ? ... Ultraman Cosmos The power of tenderness doesn 't work ? Literiyasu What should I do ? I wanna have the power to protect you But . You don 't seem to have any appetite What 's wrong ? I have many complaints too I know The trouble in love You are too young Then ... What is it ? Protecting the monsters is it a mission impossible ? What ? It has always come to me since that happened Since Ultraman Cosmos didn 't save Ellegale Something that Ultraman can 't do ? Can we do it ? Musashi Yes Look at this What ? I had some research on Ellegale 's corpse Ellegale ? Why ? Because I wanna know how it can resist Kaosugoru 's influence That ... What do you find ? I 'm not quite sure But maybe Ellegale has the antibody against Kaosugoru Antibody ? That is to say When there is a virus invading human bodies There will be a certain kind of protein emerging to fight against it This is called antibody Even in the next time The virus attacks again it will be removed by the antibody So you won 't get the same disease Right Just like preventing colds You need to have a shot of vaccine There is an antibody in Ellegale so it can resist the influence of Kaosugoru I see But there is no proof You can just take it as a hypothesis Doigaki What ? Doigaki As to Ellegale Are you not shocked ? Of course Even Ultraman Cosmos couldn 't save him But In fact I think .. Instead of protecting the monsters I 'm more interested in the incredible power of the monsters I think the ones who were shocked to the extent were the captain and the vice captain Is it from Shanyo You don 't have a place to go to ? Don 't just follow me That 's not a problem I can see see Shantai who grew up with you No , Shanyo Right ... Shanyo Isn 't he handsome ? He used to tell me .. I wanna see him and that 's it Wait for me Musashi Shanyo What ? He 's not handsome at all Even a few thousand years Th eclipse comes The SRC Universe Development Center the data preparation is finally done I never know I can see the eclipse that comes every a few thousand years in Japan I 'm looking forwards to its coming Yes . Let 's stay and record the data Eh ? What 's wrong ? Didn 't you discover ? The location is P87 on the universal position Abnormal gravity ? The reaction I 've read your email Eh How is Yushu The operation was successful He can walk now Great That 's really wonderful and Yushu ... is my brother His leg was wounded So he 's been sitting on a wheelchair But the operation could cure his leg He doesn 't have the courage accept the operation In order to extract his courage Musashi gave him his favorite toy robot Robot ? It 's called Koriwakan This . For me ? It ... Although it 's a robot It 's my best friend Friend ? When I was young Everyone thought I was lying Everything was true But they just didn 't trust me At that time The only one who could trust me was the robot When I talked to it it gave me courage No matter how I was criticized I still had the courage Yushu As long as it keeps you company You will be courageous Thank you very much Yushu Show me your courage Okay And then Yushu will accept the operation Thanks for Musashi That 's no big deal Stop That .. How come everyone thought you were lying them ? That . Yes , I am Musashi Musashi Assemble at the universe center Doigaki has left We discovered this It 's the reaction of Kaosugoru Is it from the universe ? Yes Suddenly there is a reaction of abnormal gravity in the solar system Abnormal gravity It 's this one I see Don 't trust him At that time Musashi met Ultraman Cosmos who didn 't have the power were absorbing the power of light They were flying in the sky ? Everyone thought This is just like a lie But Why can Haruno see Ultraman Cosmos ? That ... I have no idea But Musashi has always wanted to realize this dream No matter in early times of after grown up Persisting on one 's dream is really not easy at all There is a lot of obstruction But To persist one 's dream in reality without giving one 's dream up Only courage can make the dream come true Realizing the dreams Only the courage can make it If this is true Is it Kaosugoru 's reaction I think so Musashi is still there Carry on your research But Kaosugoru 's impact is found everywhere We knew that on Chulan Planet But you don 't have to be surprised I think .. You can 't say so Location P87 This energy reaction is a response of the abnormal gravity in the solar system The problem lies in the distortion of this space What do you mean ? Maybe this is ... the secret passage in Kaosugoru 's secret passage Secret Passage ? Yes Somewhere in the remote universe You mean Kaosugoru comes and goes through this passage ? This is just an assumption Captain There is a monster in K9 Ellegale That is Ellegale What 's going on ? Captain If Ellegale goes this way It will invade a certain village I see Fubuki Can you stop the launch ? Captain We can 't capture Ellegale who 's under Kaosugoru 's control We have to switch to Status RED Fubuki If we attack Ellegale again Maybe we will be fired This is a monster that Ultraman can 't save There 's something impossible in the protect of monsters Fubuki Dangerous Fubuki Ellegale is under Kaosugoru 's control ? It 's struggling painfully Cosmos I don 't know what I can do But ... I wanna save Ellegale I have to save him this time Activate the Status RED Launch the attack Cosmos Please Give me one more chance Cosmos Cosmos He knows it doesn 't work Doesn 't Ultraman Cosmos know how to do it ? It 's the soft light again It lasts longer I think he 's trying to save Ellegale Ellegale seems to be tamed No ... not yet Kaosugoru 's body Kaosugoru 's body has eaten up Ellegale ? Why doesn 't he transform ? This is a trap The trip Kaosugoru 's set up Trap ? That guy pretends to lose Because he wants to absorb Ultraman 's energy What do you mean ? At the moment that Ultraman saves Ellegale Kaosugoru 's will absorb his power How can he be so wicked Musashi Cosmos Gone ? Cosmos Why ? Why do you leave me ? Cosmos Lost ? Ultraman Cosmos Cosmos I ... can 't ... be stronger ? Literiyasu , what 's wrong with you ? What happened ? Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Ultraman Cosmos shines with splendor again On the day the eclipse occurs Ultraman and Musashi lost their power They need each other In order to realize the dream The miracle will come The tenderness and courage Musashi has found at the moment he finally gained the power The gradient Ultraman Cosmos comes back in a new form Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Eclipse
