 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Ultimate Test Gamoran 2 , Mini the monsters on Kaburaya show up Thank you There 's nothing strange here What about Musashi He 's gone to Kaburaya Island to see his beloved monsters No , this is a test ordered by the captain Test ? Work out a report on the monsters on Kaburaya and find out a way for monsters and humans to live together This is the problem This is hard I 'm really looking forwards to that guy 's solution Captain , is there any contact ? Musashi ? No ... from Ms. Sawaguchi Put it thru for me Right I am Hiura Little Hiura Do you have time today ? Can 't we talk on the phone ? I wanna meet you in person I see . I 'll arrange for it What about 18 : 00 this evening at the UDC guest lounge ? UDC ? For Musashi , Captain Hiura ... and all the mankind This is a test of their future LIDORIAS MOGURUDON GOLMEDE BOLGILS MINI Everyone is getting along well I don 't know Because I 've made a lot of efforts bothering their living Monsters are like humans as long as they are not invaded They can live in peace Live in a peaceful life ... that 's what you 've said The ideal symbiosis That 's right Life would be meaningless if they don 't help each other Right I bet there 's a way out Finding a way out and this is the problem Can you not take it so seriously ? I am not good at tests LIDORIAS What 's wrong with you , Lidorias Do you detect anything abnormal I 'll check it out Wait Musashi ... I 'll go with you Lidorias , what 's wrong with you ? I 'm fine It just fell asleep Who did it ? No one can get close to this island ? Right ... even the shield is broken we haven 't heard anything at all Mr Ikeyama That is ... Right ... Mini 's residence Mini Is Mini his real target ? Stop ... Don 't touch Mini Musashi I see ... Now I know why What ? Musashi and Mini are taken away I 'm sorry ... for all these things We seem not able to trace Musashi on the radar system But we need to get him back Yes Don 't worry Captain I detected unconfirmed signals in Area TB That might be emitted by the light ball Okay Shinobu , Fubuki , Doigaki Go now Got it You are ... You are the mastermind who made Mini into a bio weapon ? Bio weapon ? Isn 't that true ? You want to invade the earth What 's so funny about it Gamoran gave us the test Test ? It 's a test of the civilization of this planet And then ? The earth civilization is passed ? Human reactions are incredible Take the kid to the shelter They attacked Gamoran in the beginning but they ceased fire midway Right ... the people on earth is finding a way to live with them We 're working hard on it The time of a peaceful world will definitely come No one knows Finally we know the reason why there 's such a reaction Because of you If Ultraman Cosmos were not here Who knows if the mankind could do such civilized act That is to say ... For the mankind this test is very critical Stop ... Your partner will be here soon I just sent the signals Start the test Look That is ... Captain , Gamoran That controller is still on its head What ? Isn 't that Mini ? Musashi Quick Be quick Dangerous If this is not solved Tecch Speeder . Captain Please issue the order of attack It 's not Mini at all if that is installed on its head It 's a bio-chemical weapon now If we don 't do it now the residential area will be affected Is it Mr. Ikeyama ? Can 't you give us a hand ? What 's wrong ? Captain , please issue the order Do you see it ? Humans can only use violence against violence This is not civilization There 's no other way than to defeat Gamoran Stop now You can 't attack Mini Stop now Don 't kill Mini There 's no other way ? Can 't we save Mini ? If that guy were here he would yell like this But ... can 't you do anything else other than to attack it ? I am different from Musashi I don 't turn in blank sheet in a test This is the answer to the symbiosis Fubuki Fubuki , please take over What is on his mind ? Leader , Doigaki Fubuki What do you want , Fubuki ? Leave me alone I 'll use the laser wire Look ... there 's no time for that I 'll make a weak point for him What are you gonna do ? I have a secret weapon Anyway , block his actions with the laser wire I see I 'll see how you 're gonna do it Good I 'm targeted Good ... Now ... use the laser wire Fire Good ... we made it Damn Be good Cosmos Please take over now ... Cosmos Isn 't this attributed to Ultraman Cosmos ? The mankind can 't live in peace They are working with the monsters Maybe the mankind is civilized and reason able in the universe The test is passed Mini You made it ... everyone Yes Captain Can we make it now ? Eh ... The promise to Ms. Sawaguchi What are you doing , Hiura ? You 're Mr. Hiura from the EYES Right Ms. Sawaguchi wanted me to give this to you Thank you An international organization invites me to do a research I decide to take the offer at the Jermina 3 Just one time ... but I have to live in the universe Should I go ? This is the ultimate test to test your willingness But you still fail as you always did An unexpected test ? Come on , Sawaguchi By the way , I 'll take the test again when I go back to the earth If you really want to take it You should learn from women about how to wait for opportunities Right Great ! It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have reached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode The straight runway The hope and frustration in the eye-catching season A life we suddenly encounter The memories we share That is the place where Gramophone inhabits Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Door of Snow A door of the future opens in front of you
