 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Daughter of Time , Part II Uruka Karbasu is introduced The mysterious living creature Uruka Karbasu And Rene who lost her memory in an accident But she .. She has died in the accident of Germina III She was one of the members who constructed Germina III On one hand Rena is missing On the other . The action of capturing Karbasu failed And Ultraman Cosmos fell to the ground in the pursuit for Karbasu The tank troop is sent The Defense Guards ? Fire Fire That 's great Finally you are awake I .. Mizuki saved you You fainted at the scene that Karbasu appeared By the Way Karbasu . You can 't make any move Your body can 't take it And EYES What 's going on ? Why did EYES stop ? What 's wrong with Karbasu ? The tank troop has launched an attack Let 's pause our action now It is still alive ? Karbasu has damaged the streets for one day The power , gas , and water pipe everything in the city Because the situation is bad Now Defense Guards will take over We have no choice Ultraman Cosmos can 't make any change at all Don 't be so upset Is it because of Kaosugoru ? That Karbasu becomes very rude There must be a reason The computer is fixed If we are to find a reason Even if there is a reason we can 't make any move If the computer were not damaged I could round Karbasu up confidently If you didn 't take the woman out of the base It 's not Rene 's fault She doesn 't know why she was brought here Then why is she gone ? That guy must be a spy for the universe creatures What are you talking about ? Stop now Where do you think you are ? That 's true That 's too idiot to give up so easily Just some minor damages of power and water pipes These damages . The most influenced people are the patients and elderly people who are in need of these things That . The arrest of the monster If anything goes wrong There will be more casualty We can 't accept any failure Rene won 't get her memory back She 's gone If there is any mistake .. Or accident Rene might die And now , the Defense Guards has taken over the attack I don 't know what will happen to Rene What is on your mind ? That universe creature What is that guy 's intention ? His intention ? The result of Rene 's escape EYES fails in the arrest of Karbasu Stop your action Is it possible .. In the very beginning That universe creature has meant to stop EYES action Maybe that 's why there have been so many accidents This case may just . Be the trigger There must be some other reasons Germina llI is completed Who will be the next one ? What ? I .. I used to study here After becoming a member of the construction of Germina III Then .. I can 't remember anything else Why did .. Why ? Why am I still alive ? The target is found Is that guy going find Rene ? That 's likely But maybe he 's doing something out of our imagination Ultraman Cosmos He has .. Got rid of this .. He doesn 't need it anymore You are not going back ? What I hope for . Is just a dream that cannot be realized Just like protecting the monsters 100 years ago The construction of the universe center Everyone thought that was a mission impossible This .. Is it me ? This .. I regret the construction of Germina III Listen 500 years ago No one believed the earth is actually round So .. When the first one sailed to find out the reasons No one believed he could make it They thought he was daydreaming 100 years ago The first person to fly a plane The first person to go to the outer space Right Everyone has dreams Before the experiment works out Every dream is a daydream Even so . They still have great dreams They still make daydreams dedicating their lives only to make them come true We , the construction members are called Germina III " The Daughter of Time " We think it 's honorable to devote our time to the construction of Germina III Musashi Don 't you think so ? Human beings . Believe it 's impossible for them to leave a peaceful life with the monsters And this thought is not a dream anymore . But aren 't you working hard for the dream come true that you believe in ? The Defense Guards have locked them As long as they make any move They will be discovered Vice Captain What 's wrong with you ? I didn 't find that . at that time Look . But is it possible that the monsters can live with humans ? I think it 's troublesome Like the suspended operation of the tram I have no idea at all Like the power goes out when you are into something Right .. that 's really upset I think the earth is most suitable for human beings Maybe this is the real intention of that universe creature What ? This incident gives the human beings a chance to think if monsters should exist You mean This is their intention ? Human beings . If they just think about themselves and destroy the other creatures Human . Will be eliminated by themselves Karbasu is moving now There 's a chip in its brain The universe creature made it What ? Karbasu 's target is very likely to be the power plant in Area G2 It 's very likely to attack that area Captain . Mr. Musashi Musashi ? If you don 't stop it The power plant is controlled by the computer If we want to stop the operation We need some special techniques I can do it Rene Maybe she 's controlled by the universe creature Is she going to bother us again ? We need a code Musashi I know it 's not your fault But . I can 't let you be like this .. What I wanna do .. Is the same thing on your mind So if you were me .. You would do that Here Go inside Go What are you doing ? I changed my mind Just like the system of Germina III The tools are necessary We can fix it .. Fire The power system is inactivated Wait a moment Area 2 , still in operation Musashi Cut out the C2 Got it Damn No way Karbasu is going in town Musashi Turn off the power The power plant is shut down The monster is not moving anymore This is a good chance That 's it .. Go back now Rene Go now We need to defeat the universe creature and save Karbasu I .. I can 't make it Defeat that guy .. And let me fall asleep Ultraman Cosmos You are too kind If I am still alive I can 't defeat that guy at all When I first saw you I thought I knew you But that 's because .. That guy reset my memory That guy set me up .. With a trap But even so .. I 'm still glad to meet you By means of your hands I want to be restored In that sky The daughter of time Let me become Rene again That 's unforgivable Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Before the experiment is carried out The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Rene I will insist on my dream For human beings And the monsters . The dream of protecting this planet Preview of the Next Episode To repair the under-water boat Fire Tech Thunder C sets out for the boundless ocean While Musashi and Fubuki are in the operation The monster controlled by Kaosugoru appears The destructive monster , Jaraga The protected submarine .. Because the oxygen can 't be sent Fubuki We need to solve the crisis Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Deep-Sea Death Match Tech Submarine SOS !
