 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , Cosmos ! You can become strong , it 's all right . ower that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . Cosmos ! At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra .. The Aliens From The Old-man Planet The Hailsgingle comes on Someday A monster object from the space fell down the Research Center of SRC Around this event There was unknown electric wave found in one M2 EYES is investigating the connection between this two events one M2 is normal How about the monster object ? Now There is no special changes I understand I 'll be back in a minute Help me I am followed by a terrible alien Alien ? Kaori Kaori Where did you go ? Eh ? It 's my fault Sorry It 's my fault Kaori I 'll buy you a new cell phone Come back quick Kaori What a shame Let 's get out of here quick Did you say the terrible alien means your dad ? He is too strange to be my father He is an old-man from the Old-man lanet The skirt is too short Stop fooling around And study hard something It 's so noisy I said you Let 's go to Shibuya It 's okay I only come out for a while I am not leaving my home Get off the car Eh ? I said get off the car You are so stingy This ... You ... Wait Let go me No This This Wait You ... What do you want ? Help me He is an alien What ? An alien ? Kaori Is something happening ? What ? No ... This guy Could be an alien ... An alien ? No ... I am just taking this ... Kaori Idiot The octopus balls No ... I ... Don 't be so shy Try some Come , come , come Come Sit down , please sit down Then I 'll have some The octopus balls are delicious Oh yeah ? Then ... I 'll have one lease Let me tell you Yes My daughter stayed with me before and called me father all day But now , my daughter usually gets mad and calls me an idiot What a difference Every girl becomes that in her age Can I have one more ? lease Recently No matter what I said She just ignored me And don 't even take a bath with me Say no more I don 't want to leave in this home It seems that I am not exist Then Thank you for your food I forgot to introduce myself I am a salesman of soybeans noodles This is my card Thank you Then I 'll leave first Thank you for taking care of my daughter . You are so welcome Then I 'll leave first Thank you very much I forgot something What ? This is a handkerchief from the soybeans noodles . I 'll leave now Kitaura Company Mr. Sogetno ... My name is Musashi There is an emergency The monster object starts to act Captain Should we attack ? Wait We don 't know what it is yet What is it exactly ? I have bad feeling Eh ? It 's coming I can 't believe it starts to attack What is going on ? Who is that ? Shit Maybe someone saw it Was the energy stolen ? There is an energy device under the Research Center That was destroyed It is so That 's the monster object 's goal But how can it know that it is under the ground ? That 's the problem Maybe someone steal the information from SRC Then he controlled the monster object to destroy it Eh ? Could it be Mr. Sogetno ? Do you think he ... Is he strange ? That ... You mean ? In fact That man ... was listed on a blacklist by the Defend Troops before A blacklist ? You mean Mr. Sogetno ? Come This is our product Soybeans noodles I am busy Manager The soybeans noodles is one of our confident product Welcome We add soybeans into the noodles which tastes excellent I told you we will never sell this Don 't say that You see ... Manager Yes It goes smoothly Sorry Sorry I am very sorry ... My most valuable product ... You ... Manager ... Sell this lease sell this lease lease Mr. Sogetno olice officer It 's a nice day I can 't see ... he is suspicious ... Don 't move Hands up I come from the third planet of Cat The Cat-planet alien I 'll arrest you Don 't Kaori Don 't scare people with that Kaori You ... You are the one of yesterday Mr. Sogetno What do you want to do to my daughter ? No No Do you want me to arrest him ? Okay Arrest him now No She is the one who pretended as a Cat-planet alien and scared me A Cat-planet alien ? Are you idiot ? A Cat-planet alien ? Are you idiot ? Following is never work just as expected What an astonishing skill to absorb the electricity First to absorb the factory 's power Then the power of electric pole ? We have to stop this guy How Can we find the source from the electric wave ? Give me more time Yes The WX spot of one M2 Hailsgingle Start the second movement This guy is a Living Machine Start the Red State Start to attack now Understand Understand Since you decided I 'll let it die There is a monster in front lease everyone to take cover as soon as possible You ... What ? I forgot my sample in my house Forget that The monster is coming Don 't worry about me Miwako lease take care of Kaori Wait This can be your charm Isn 't it your treasure ? Stop talking Take it You will be safe with it What ? Do you forget ? You bought this You told me Kaori But You don 't have to be forced lease romise me you 'll come back safely Doigaki Can 't you find its defect ? I am still managing the information I can 't find it out You ... Right Is that you to be listed on a blacklist ? Exactly " Ultraman Cosmos " We are aliens from Belchi lanet We prepared for this day for a long time Now Don 't try to stop us We can 't fight against Hailsgingle What a pity Damn Wait Mr. Sogetno Run quickly He is an alien Let me do the last attack It 's okay There is only a light collision on the right wing It only needs an adjustment Understand This guy Why ... Why ? Mr. Sogetno Why ? Are you from Belchi lanet too ? Yes . I am Sogetno of the Kitaura Company Dad Are you okay ? Is that you , Kaori ? Umm Mother and I are okay Both of us are okay Do you get hurt , honey ? It 's okay Don 't worry lease take care of Kaori Father ... lease you lease protect my family Okay " Ultraman Cosmos " Can you hear that ? " Ultraman Cosmos ? " The Hailsgingle 's defect is the throat Attack its throat I ... am the special agent to invade the earth from Belchi lanet In order to invade this planet by Hailsgingle Can I have one more ? lease You save my life I am so embarrassed Then ... I used Mr. Sogetno 's body to sneak into the human society I was preparing for the invasion and lived like Mr. Sogetno at the same time Maybe it 's my biggest mistake ? Mistake ? I love this family ... Family ? We don 't have family in Belchi lanet repare for invasion and enjoy family 's warmth at the same time Not only my wife but also Kaori make me to sink deeper Then I start to feel confused About the invasion ? About the organization ? Yes It bothers me a lot But My family gave me courage I don 't feel regret Father Dear Father Dear I 'll return to him all Are you leaving ? Belchi will punish me I am a traitor But I don 't want to live like this Mr. Sogetno lease let my family and everything on this planet be happy " Ultraman Cosmos " Okay I 'll be seeing you later In some corner of the Space Take care Father Dear Father Dear Yes What ? You are not sleeping , are you ? What is this octopus ball ? What ? I can 't believe you are eating this The warmth of family That 's it For save the earth Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . review of the Next Episode In a small corner The Kaos ' head controlled Musashi finally How many information we can find out about him after all ? We have no the result yet Fly The new Tech Speedy Boat Then , the real material of Kaos ' head Its look ... Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos The Evil Light Stand Up Stand Up ! " Ultraman Cosmos "
