 The aircraft is loaded with Chaos Chimera on both sides Missiles a real effective to Eligal too There is an residential area in Eligal 's direction We have to destroy Chaos Header as soon as possible The attack on P87 Chaos Header is moving towards the base Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Ambush Eligal Chaos Eligal show up Detection Boat , Waltz 3 on its mission to the Solar System Several days after its return As a pilot and also a good friend of Musashi 's Mitsuya comes to visit EYES I found this On that small Ho-star ? Right Mitsuya How are you Welcome back Though you 've gone so far but you still look energetic Can 't I be energetic ? We don 't share the same way of strengthening our bodies You are still so proud Musashi The re-union is enough We are talking about something important now I 'm sorry Mr. Mitsuya , can you carry on ? Yes Can you turn off the light ? Right This is ... This is a text book This stone of light is it medium of recording ? I think it 's true You found this at a small Ho-Star near P87 ? Right Maybe we can find any information about Chaos Header I have asked for a favor from all the Defense Armies to check the response of Chaos Header But so far nothing has been found on the earth I think Chaos Ultraman that Cosmos defeated maybe be the assembly of all the Chaos Headers That is to say All the Chaos Headers on the earth have been defeated ? You can say that But don 't be too elated Chaos Headers still gather at P87 Because of this ... The monsters under the grounds are moving fervently Right We have to execute the destruction on Chaos Header at P87 Hiura Yes . And let me give you a briefing about this combat The aircraft is loaded with Chimera on both sides When Tecch Booster reaches P87 We will separate the aircraft 's and send them to the exact location Because of the trigger The aircraft under attack will launch a large number of Chimeras This is the plan to defeat all the Chaos Headers Captain , you 're gonna send any pilot ? Chaos Header might come to stop us Even if we have the escort of Tecch Spinner and the aircraft 's of Defense Army They can 't take us outside the atmosphere Interesting Let me do it Avoiding Chaos Header attack besides attacking them ... I think an unmanned aircraft can hardly do it Coincidentally , Fubuki I will go ... Captain , you 're going by yourself ? Right But Captain Tech Booster is loaded with a large number of bombs If Chaos Header attack There might be a big explosion I can 't let you do it because it 's dangerous I 'll carry out the attack on P87 People think differently And this planet is currently in a terrible turmoil Turmoil The heaven and the earth are hardly distinguished That is Chaos ... This is the record that might help us decode Chaos Header 's attack I think so This article might records something about Chaos Headers This is very likely The Ho-star where we found the stones is near P87 Damn If the decoding can be completed before the attack tomorrow Maybe we will gain some useful information We 're launching a large-scale attack tomorrow ? Musashi Ayano You look so absent-minded What is on your mind ? Nothing ... You are thinking about me Eh ? I 'm joking Our fight against Chaos Headers will be over tomorrow Everything will be over tomorrow Eh ... What 's wrong ? Why are you so low-spirited ? Nothing ... I 'm thinking ... Is this the only way to defeat Chaos Headers ? I can 't help thinking about this You are still thinking about it Musashi I know how you feel But you should pay attention to the combat at this moment You are only the only one who feels confused Everyone is confused I can 't agree with your decision Maybe I know this is too late But the Captain is our commander It 's too improper for him to take over this mission Maybe But ... This is not what we should do Eh ? We should protect the monsters But ... We keep fighting against Chaos Headers Sometimes my mind of protecting them will be cloaked by the combat But ... This is not my choice I don 't want anyone to say so again I don 't want them to do anything just to defeat enemies and put themselves in danger Shinobu As long as we can defeat Chaos Headers we can go back ... to the missions we used to take Therefore , I have to go to P87 too Please forgive me Cosmos Please help us end the war tomorrow This war has to be ended Transfer the data of ignition Got it Launch the transmission Tecch Spinner 1 , ready Tecch Thunder 4 , ready We are under full preparation Got it The Defense Army aircraft 's are living back to the base 3 minutes before set off Counting down Wait ... P87 Chaos Headers are moving towards the earth This alarm ... This is the commanding center Eh ? Eligal ? Eligal appears again Eligal has been Chaos Damn ... what the hell This is not the right time This is the right time Eligal doesn 't appear without any reasons Chaos Headers know our plan and thus come to stop us Captain , there is a residential area in Eligal 's direction Fubuki , Musashi . Let 's go to meet Eligal But ... I don 't need your escort And the protection of Defense Army And Musashi ... You wants to save Eligal Go save it This is what we are supposed to do Got it Let 's go ... Fubuki I see Tecch Spinner 1 , take off Doigaki I 'm moving now I see 30 seconds before the take off What 's wrong ? My screen is messed up That 's impossible ... P87 is ... Chaos reactions ... There 's a strong force coming towards the earth The Defense Army aircraft 's are shot down Chaos Headers are moving towards our base All the terminators and communication channels ... Even the power is cut Fubuki What we should do now ... is to separate Chaos Header from Eligal But ... Chimera Missile his on effect on Eligal too We have Anti-Chaos missiles Although I 'm not sure how much help it can make We have to try first Alright ... let 's go Got it Be quick What 's the situation down there ? The base seems to be covered by Chaos Headers The communication and power is terminated We have no way to deal with it What are you saying ? Chaos Header ? Still some responses Damn ... it 's really tough I will give it another shot How about this Fubuki Cosmos ... I 'm counting on you Cosmos Cosmos He made Eligal 's body generates some cell changes So that it won 't spit any toxic gas ? Cosmos You transform the monsters for the interest of human beings We ... So you tell me ... what 's the difference between you and us ? What 's wrong with us ? Cosmos Damn The sound ... Look Utraman Cosmos Musashi Fubuki Are you okay ? Don 't worry about me I can 't contact the base this is more important What are you saying ? I am Musashi Commanding Center , please reply Cosmos Can you stop interfering with us ? What is that ? Chaos Header I won 't let you do that again Cosmos ... we hate you It 's Ultraman Cosmos that disturbs the order here The base is occupied by Chaos Header It 's truth , where is the tomorrow ? I 'm count all the same days You have reached me that I 'm alive Someday , I 'll grasp the dream and I 'll travel Open the doors of heart and I will see a new you The light of love will be there when you want it The friendship of heart that joined us Now we must not forget each other Preview of the Next Episode The EYES base that is blocked And all the monsters that disappeared from Kaburaya Island Cosmos coming from the moon and the Chaos Ultraman Calamity Cosmos ... Ultraman Cosmos ... Stop that , Fubuki The amazing fact he discloses Next Episode Ultraman Cosmos Deathmatch on the Moon The strongest dueler , Chaos Header is now standing right before Cosmos
