 The fight against Chaos Header is unavoidable now It has the power to resist Chaos Chimera now Lidorias ... Impossible , Bolgils appears in X area now Mogrudon is also ... Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Real Warrior Chaos Dark King ... Lidorias , Mogrudon , Bolgils show up Let alone the earth even the whole Universe we can 't find any response of Chaos Head It must 've been destroyed I hope so Chaos Headers will evolve If it appears again I don 't know if we can still use Chimera to deal with it The monsters under the grounds are moving fervently This really makes us worries Your impulse is in a more normal condition Thank you Ayano Good ... You are healthy now Don 't worry Because this guy is ... No ... It 's super healthy ... What 's wrong with you ? No ... Nothing at all But it 's really great ... that you 're safe now Captain ... If Chaos Headers appear again What we can do is to attack it ? I think Chaos Headers are neither good nor evil But it really knows Th feeling of hatred and anger It has the elements of evil It will challenge us again Because it has a heart we need to make it realize what is on our mind Musashi Chaos Header is an artificial organism But it 's acting upon the will of its creator In a certain aspect it 's a victim But since it has a heart We know they don 't mean to take away the lives of others So do we still have to launch an attack against it ? This is okay too ? But , Musashi ... Even so ... Chaos Header It 's not completely put out Captain ... Musashi ... We have no time to talk about this The fight against Chaos Header is unavoidable now Fire all the Chimera missiles ... Got it No way , It 's not effective If it has the power to resist Chimera Even if we invent better weapons they will still surpass us There 's nothing we can do now Captain ... Lidorias Lidorias 's voice is a little bit different Impossible . Bolgils appears in X area now Eh ? Mogrudon appears in area M4 They ... They want to lay waste together Commander ... Please issue the order Wait ... The monsters are moving towards Chaos Headers seemingly following a plan There is a response from Chaos Header 's heart If the monsters ' hearts are able to communicate with it We can communicate with them too Protect Lidorias I see Please stop the attack Musashi What are you saying ? Lidorias Stop Chaos Header Chaos Header If you can really understand the human mind You should feel hatred and anger Stop now Please stop now ... Please Please try to understand my heart Musashi Damn Don 't attack ... Fubuki But Please don 't hurt it Chaos Header I ... I don 't want any fight Musashi How can you resist combat so much ? Musashi ... Musashi Cosmos Your courage lights up a light of hope to my weak power Cosmos I wanna save Chaos Header Cosmos , stop now Cosmos Cosmos power is ... Cosmos Stop fighting Stop now This is ... Cosmos and Musashi are combined Cover Cosmos ... Cover Musashi Alright ... We not only have to attack Chaos Header This is to protect Musashi and Cosmos ... as well as Chaos Header Captain Let 's go In order to protect all the lives This is our ultimate goal I see Look Chaos Header Cosmos What makes me miss ... Please get out of here now Chaos Header We don 't need hatred and anger Let 's go back together Cosmos Chaos Header It 's going back to its own world Cosmos I ... You say I have become a real warrior ? You taught me the way to co-exist with Chaos Header Finally I see it Even myself I don 't have a kind heart like you Cosmos You are the one who gave me the heart Because of you I can realize the real love and persistence and courage Cosmos ... work with me on protecting monsters From now on ... you have to protect all the lives Cosmos I want to fly with you again Just as we were kids Musashi ... You can fly alone by yourself Cosmos Cosmos ... Can we meet again ? Sure ... We will meet again Cosmos Goodbye Goodbye Ultraman Cosmos Can 't we see Cosmos again ? We can 't see this kind of miracle again I don 't know The miracle will be impossible if there is not a dream We have to pursue our dream someday we can ... Someday ... we can meet Cosmos again Pursuing the dreams everything is changed Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new More tenderly Tomorrow More kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered .
