 Ultraman Cosmos You can become strong , it 's all right . What is love ? What is justice ? To win with only strength , There is something lacking . At times a fist , at times a flower , but fights take place in our hearts ! You can become strong it 's all right . Power that begins from gentleness , That is a hero . At any time , wanna be right . Only to yourself must you never lose . The vow of Ultra ... The Roars of the Sea God Laykila shows up Researchers of Archeology Office in Sennam University are investigating the ancient relic found because of the frequent quakes Among them we can see Yoshiyi Yucali Yoshiyi Give me a hand Well ... There 're strange sounds What ? This ? Nothing Did you hear with care ? Of course Gee ? I heard it ! We 'll soon arrive the place informed by someone There 's nothing This is ... No vital signs It 's nothing but the remains After all ... Who would be here ? Perhaps it 's from an ancient city of the sea The ancient city ? It 's just a guess There 're still many civilizations that haven 't been found yet How about the fishing ? Did you catch any fish ? I get none no matter where I fish I don 't know if it 's because I grow worse or not I think the condition is changed The sea is polluted Maybe the Sea God is angry Please Agent Doigaki is not here It becomes so quiet He must catch a lot of fish and enjoy them now But it becomes harder to fish recently Indeed With the influence of scientific progress There 's a report about the change of ecosystem every year The pollution of the sea becomes more and more serious What 's wrong ? Damn Hey , Yoshiyi It 's time to go back OK Fish ... Hello ? Yoshiyi Ah You ... where are you now ? Ah ... Gee ? What are you doing here Yoshiyi ? I 'm working here It 's obvious that it 's man-made But it 's hard to make sure if it 's from a civilization or not I check it for a while It 's not from the ancient civilization Doigaki Aren 't you on vacation ? Someone asked me to do this How annoying ? Is the one who asked you ... Yoshiyi ? How do you know ? Even an idiot can know this The way you dress is totally different with other time Right ? Jesus ... I 'm sorry for that You wanna go for her now ? No , tomorrow Then why do you dress like this now ? It 's just the time Captain Can I go with you ? What ? Oh , I see It counts on you Yes Gosh , golly Gosh Yoshiyi , it 's dangerous Hurry Go to the office with me Wait It 's really terrible I 've deciphered it But I can 't read all with the software in the office If these stand for something We 'll be in trouble Resurrection of the Sea Barbarian Please take a look at this Where did you find the statue ? From the Flute Coast The flagstone was also found there The statue is the Sea Barbarian , then The statue is called the Sea Barbarian ? Now Doigaki is trying to decipher more clearly OK , report it to me as it is done Got it Doigaki canceled his vacation for helping you Right ? Gee ? No , no , no Sorry For the new discovery of archeology I wanna contribute something too Thank you , Doigaki Please , Doigaki This is ... gorgeous Ah ! I was too concentrated I forgot this I want Doigaki to do me a favor I forgot ... It 's just your style It 's done When the beautiful ocean is polluted The great Sea Barbarian Never try to escape from the destruction When the Sea God becomes furious He will punish the one who pollutes the sea He will revive Doigaki I 'll report to Captain at once It counts on you Yes That 's the lettering on the flagstone He will revive ? It 's the punishment for polluting the sea The energy of the statue is increasing Fubuki , Shinobu Set out with the Tech Submarine Got it It 's done Anyone who is chosen to have this white heart When you hear the sound and touch the stone of meteor The Sea God will rage The one who owns the white heart will reconvert the azure rays of the polluted sea We consigned the faith to the shell This is ... What 's this ? What does the rock refer to ? A few years ago I researched the stones around the Flute Coast Maybe they 're the aeroliths Because of the special appearance I thought I found the ancient civilization but I can 't solve the puzzle anyway That 's the stone of meteor I have ... a ominous feeling ... Is the message on the flagstone real ? Maybe we human beings deserve it Let 's take it to the sea OK I 'm the only temporary agent today What ? Let 's go , Agent Doigaki The energy reaction changed a lot It appears at the seaside again Is it true on the flagstone ? Fubuki Go to the statue now Got It Hold tight Let 's move now Yes Doigaki The statue is acting Go back to Treasure Base now Perhaps I can stop it Captain , can you leave it to me ? OK I got it But ... Don 't make troubles Yes , thank you This guy is the Sea Barbarian Don 't belittle me There This guy ... Vice Captain , hold tight That 's ... the Sea Barbarian Watch out We can 't let it approach the downtown Got it Please , don 't make a riot Please be mild Go back Please go back Doigaki It 's ok Co take a cover I 'll knock you down I 'll protect Yucali I 'll protect her for sure Doigaki Cosmos Ulltraman ... Cosmos Doigaki Let 's go Let 's cool the anger of the ocean That 's it Leave it to me Why ? I know what the answer is We reversed it Reversed it ? How gorgeous the sea is ! Perhaps It 's the Sea God who made us see it Yoshiyi You don 't call me Yucali anymore ? I called you Yucali ? You forgot ? I feel so happy Why , Why is it ? With the power that should be able to save someone Everyone again struggles . Can you do it ? Any number of times Can you carry out ? Let 's begin A new , more tenderly Tomorrow , more kindly By chasing your dreams everything changes . At all times your heart is watching you . Where is love ? From that question The courage that is only yours can certainly be discovered . Preview of the Next Episode Strange aeroliths appear again and make people do something weird Shinobu is endangered when investigating The challenge of the giant monster Lagustone Does it wanna control the whole event by controlling human beings ? Next Episode of Ultraman Cosmos The Magic Stone However ... The chance to launch laser ...
