 In order to discover the truth The evening news doesn 't tell you How many things aren 't broadcast Who loses Who is obtaining it , and for whose sake Being pure is a beautiful and dangerous thing The world that surrounds us won 't show itself All it does is force a different truth from yesterday 's on us At the very least , I will try to change the feeling of the reality that is right in front of me Into something certain , surely There will be an indefinite postponement of all aspects of Ashurum 's proposal to redevelop the abandoned city of Gald . Until the time that talks between the government and all of the parties involved can be resolved , Gald will be made into a directly controlled district , and in regards to that said district , all of the twelve corporations , including Ashurum , will be forbidden to intervene politically or militarily . Any objections ? None . This is bad ! Our test unit ... It 's all right . Leave it to me . Episode Six Test Site City Hey , this is fun , kind of like camp . Just because it 's like camping doesn 't mean that it 's fun . Aren 't you even a little sorry ? They said that it 's going to take a week to finish rebuilding the kitchen . That is ... I 'm sorry . It 's burning . What should I do , what should I do ? Ow , hot ! That 's enough , hurry up , sit down and eat ! Okay ! Yuuki , let 's roast marshmallows afterwards . We 're not going to ! What ? Don 't " what ? " me ! Ever since he showed up , Asuka has been doing even more unnecessary things . Since he ... What 's wrong , Kai ? Well , I 've been feeling kind of under the weather since last night ... Would it be all right for me to leave this ? Are you all right ? Yeah . If you 're going to say something like , " I have low blood pressure , so I don 't have much appetite in the mornings , " then as long as you live in this house , I 'm going to change your lifestyle . Right . Yuuki , don 't be mean ! He might have caught a cold . I mean , I 'm sure he was cold because he was wearing a skirt . Right ? Sorry about that , Kai . If that 's the case , then you have my sympathy . That 's not it ! Hey , I 've been meaning to ask , but why were you two dressed like that yesterday ? That 's ... Does Asuka know that you earn your money this way ? How do I put it ... It 's a job . Asuka asked us why , but ... You haven 't told her anything , right ? About what kind of work you do ? There 's no need to talk about it . More importantly , we have work . If we don 't hurry , we 'll be late for the meeting . I want to ask one thing . I don 't have to dress in drag again , right ? Who knows ? The G-3 pathway ... this is it . " Who knows ? " No , they 're burning ! Oh , Yuuki and Kai both left behind so much . What 'll I do with it ? That was scary ! I know ! So we just have to search for this guy ? That 's right . And what do we do if we spot him ? All you have to do is tell me where he is . That 's it ? That 's it , but try to not get spotted by him . I see ... It 's an easy job this time . Kai , you can at the very least find a lost cat , right ? I don 't have to go in drag , right ? You 're pretty persistent . For a job like this , you search on foot . Squint your eyes and take a hard look at the city . There 's more to it than just searching here and there . After all , on a case like this , they can be unexpectedly close . If you can get a hold of some information , then afterwards , you just have to head there . I see . And all it cost us was a box of candy . This is great . Kai ! What are you doing , all of the sudden ? I 've spotted him . Please stop ! We didn 't see anything ! We won 't tell anyone ! Help us ! Hey , now , having a fight in the middle of the day ? Not good ! We 've been spotted . What 'll we do ? The client said to not get discovered . We 've been spotted , so there 's nothing we can do . Well , it 's an emergency situation . Besides , the client won 't get mad if we just bring the guy in . You think so ? It was an easy job . Let 's add a little bit extra . Hey , hello there . You see , there 's a person that 's looking for you . So I was wondering if you 'd come with me for a bit . Wait , Yuuki . What is it ? That 's ... Wouldn 't it be best to run ? It would . No one ever said that it was a Branded ! Branded are programmed to complete their missions without letting anyone find out . That 's why , if there 's a witness , that witness is perceived as a new target . In other words , they 'll follow them to the depths of hell . Yeah . But why is a Branded in the city of Gald ? He came to fight , right ? I 'm kidding . There are rumors that some corporation is holding secret experiments . Using Branded ? Yeah . The corporations make new weapons and send them into Gald , where they can rage as much as they want . If they come back safely , then the experiment was a success . No way ! Well , anything goes in this city , after all . In any case , it looks like we 're all right for now , but there 's no way we can get away from him . We have to think of some way to take him out . Yuuki , Branded are ... I know . You want to say that he 's a human too , right ? But he 's been thoroughly programmed as a killing machine . Who 's calling at a time like this ? If it 's the client , I 'm going to complain . Hello ? Yuuki ? Where are you right now ? I made lunch for both of you . I was thinking that maybe I could deliver it now . We don 't have the time to eat ! What ? But ... After I went through all the trouble to make it ... Listen ! We 're really busy right now ! So don 't come here , no matter what ! I came anyway . " I came anyway , " my ass ! Get back , Asuka . It looks like you 've been perceived as a target too . What are we going to do ? We don 't have any choice . If we don 't , then it 's all of us instead . Here he comes ! What ? ! Let 's run for it , Asuka ! Asuka ? I hate dark places . You saw that thing earlier , right ? If we escape to the surface , then Gald would be smashed into pieces ! Who was that man ? He 's a Branded ! He 's not a human ? Most of his body is cybernetic , but he 's human too . Jeez . You look after Asuka . If you use your powers and end up collapsing or something , all you 'll do is slow us down . We 'll need powerful weapons . The place closest to here is ... That one 's the closest , is it ? There it is ! We 're taking this up . Hold tight , Asuka ! Wait , Yuuki ! Get Kai to go up first . Why ? Well ... Hey , Kai ! Hurry and climb up ! Right . No , no , don 't ! No ! It was my bad , okay ? I 'm telling you , this is no time to be crying , right , Asuka ? Bingo ! I have a good memory ! All right ... What are you going to do with that ? What , you ask ? I 'm going to shoot him . Because you 're probably not going to be of any help . Asuka , don 't go to sleep during an emergency ! I 'm sorry ... When will I be able to meet your head ? Grandf ... Mr. Erimiya and the leaders are hiding themselves in a safe place . You 're still new to our organization , so ... There 's been an explosion at the warehouse district ! I 've heard . Should I go ? No . There 's no need to send you . We still haven 't determined if it 's Ashurum . We 've sent off several scouts to confirm it . How about sitting down and waiting for the report ? Where did he go ? Even he was originally a human . If we kill him , then we 're also ... So how will you take care of the Branded ? Don 't tell me you 're going to get him to go home by talking to him . The platform ! Earlier , you said that " Branded were humans too , " right ? Even if it is as you say , and they 're humans and not murder weapons ... Take a look . Are you going to leave it like this ? Kai ? Hey ! Run , Asuka ! Move it ! Hurry ! Just hide , Asuka . You 're pretty good . I just stopped him . I don 't want to kill him . Do whatever you want . Damn it ! Kai ! Did you kill him ? If you take away its ability to attack , a Branded will go silent . What 's wrong ? Kai ? ! What 's wrong ? Kai ? ! Kai ! Kai ! Hey ! Kai ! Was he programmed to disappear before his true nature was discovered ? The poor man . Don 't worry about him . He probably had no idea about anything he did . It 's just as Yuuki says . It 's true that he was programmed to execute his mission , but ... But ... Ashurum is different . We haven 't been brainwashed or anything . He 's showing us quite a good time . It didn 't reach the reaction velocity that Yeager from Cytechs Corporation predicted . Yeah , that 's fine . Sir ? I have no interest in the other companies ' junk . You can leave . Yes , sir ! Thanks for the meal . Does it taste bad ? That 's not it . Just ... I 'm sorry . No , it 's okay . You used your power and saved us , so you 're probably tired . You 're so troublesome . I 'm grateful that you saved us , but you get worn out every time you use your powers , and you make me feel like we 're constantly in your debt . Sorry ... It 's nothing to worry about ! Come on , Yuuki ! He saved us , so you shouldn 't say things like that ! This really is wearisome ... That 's it ! Starting tomorrow , I 'll cook for you ! What ? ! Yuuki , you 're hurt , so it would be best for you to not push yourself , right ? Hey , wait a second , Asuka ! Why does it have to be like that ? It 's all right , you don 't have to hold back . Kai , what do you want to eat ? What are you going to destroy this time ? That 's mean ! The two of us had already started to get wet from the rapidly pouring rain We snuck out in a hurry , throwing away everything We wrapped our fingers together so that no one else could see it That 's our secret sign So take me away from here , take me right away Tonight midnight So don 't stop anymore , touch me right away Tonight , it 's true love The night that can 't return is going to begin Who is this power for ? What is this power for ? For justice ? Or for evil ? Burning and seething passion will not even allow that decision to occur . Just pushing towards the goal single-mindedly , no matter what kind of destiny awaits you . Next time , E 's Otherwise , episode seven : Purple Destiny Next time , E 's Otherwise , episode seven : Purple Destiny " Purple Destiny " Purple Destiny
