 In order to discover the truth The evening news doesn 't tell you How many things aren 't broadcast Who loses Who is obtaining it , and for whose sake Being pure is a beautiful and dangerous thing The world that surrounds us won 't show itself All it does is force a different truth from yesterday 's on us At the very least , I will try to change the feeling of the reality that is right in front of me Into something certain , surely There aren 't any irregularities in either his EKG or his brain waves . The overwrite is complete , Chief . Good work . What 's going to happen to him now ? He 'll be joining us , of course . Awakening him now . Minus four , minus three , minus two , one , zero . Blood pressure rising . Heart rate rising . Everything is within acceptable boundaries . The new member 's code number will be Eleven Eight . Everything is within acceptable boundaries . The new member 's code number will be Eleven Eight . No , if that 's the case , then Double One Eight would be better . Double One ? Yeah . That is truly what is appropriate for them . He 's awakening . Welcome to Ashurum , Kai . Episode One A Superficial Peace Come on . Yes , sir . So that 's the new guy that Eiji was talking about ? Jeez , he 's a really stringy guy , isn 't he ? He might be kind of nice . Shin-Lu ? Mr. Eiji ... Is this an Ashurum military installation ? Did you envision a much more brutal place ? Oh , no ... I told you that we 're not an army , didn 't I ? We are under the military 's jurisdiction , but AESES is an independent organization . AESES ? Yes . " The force of trained psychics employed by Ashurum " is too long , right ? That 's true . Yeah , he might be nice . Are you serious ? The special powers you psychics possess are to be envied and feared by those normal people who do not possess them . Yes , sir . That is why we shelter psychics . We wish for them to use those special powers for the sake of all people . Yes , sir . This is a home for psychics . And from today on , you 're one of them too , Kai . Eiji ! Mr. Eiji ! Let me introduce a new friend . Where 'd you go ? Nowhere . Just out for a bit . Go ahead . I 'm Kai Kudou ... Er ... Nice to meet you ! I 'm Chris . Nice to meet you . I 'm Ruri . Nice to meet you . Nice to meet you . Well ... I 'm Shin-Lu ! Shin-Lu Belvedere . Nice to meet you . Nice to meet you . Hey . Are you really a psychic ? I 'm asking you if you have , at the least , enough ability to join AESES . Wait a second , Shen-Lon ! Eiji , let me have a mock battle with him . A mock battle ? I want to see what kind of abilities he has . That 'll be obvious from the training that starts tomorrow , right ? Kai , your quarters should already be assigned . I 'll show you there . Yes , sir . Eiji is showing him around personally . If the commander is doing this personally , does that mean he 's pretty powerful ? Hey , rookie ! What are you up to , Shen-Lon ? Just a little game . Shen-Lon ... Yes ? As his senior here at AESES , what you just did is questionable , don 't you think ? I wasn 't doing it to pick on him or anything . I just ... I just wanted to know what his powers were . That 's fine , then . Yes , sir . Starting today , this is where you 'll be living . It 's really spacious ... That 's not a problem , right ? It looks like your luggage has already been delivered . Yes , sir . Even during your training period , you are granted a salary . This crid stick also functions as your credit card . Buy the things you need . Mr. Eiji ? What is it ? Hikaru ... My little sister 's going to ... No need to worry . She will be receiving treatment from Ashurum 's medical staff . Our hospital is so excellent that VIPs from other corporations come here to be admitted . Thank you very much . Go and visit her on your off days . Yes , sir . Kai Kudou , I 'm Naozumi , your instructor . Sharpshooting , piloting , martial arts , electrical equipment operation ... You 're going to master every combat technique . Yes , sir . Looks like he 'll be starting from scratch . No powers , got that ? You 'll train with those at another time . Kai ... It 's difficult doing this all of a sudden , isn 't it ? Everyone else started from a much younger age , after all . Is that so ? I came here eight years ago . Shen-Lon and I came here six years ago . Mr. Eiji said that AESES isn 't the military , but if that 's the case , why are we undergoing this training ? The world isn 't as tolerant of psychics as they are here in Ashurum . Maybe it 's for when push comes to shove ? What are you doing this afternoon ? I got a special break for this afternoon . If you 're going shopping , want me to help ? I 'm going to check in on my little sister ! He has a little sister ? So he 's got a sister complex ? You 're one to talk . What do you mean by that , Chris ? Nothing . Big brother ! How are you feeling ? I think I 'm doing pretty good . How is it here ? Everyone 's so nice ! I see . Mr. Eiji might be the nicest one . I see . Mr. Eiji might be the nicest one . Mr. Eiji came to visit ? Yeah . How are things with you , big brother ? I 'm undergoing training so I can become a member of Ashurum 's staff . Is it hard ? I don 't get many days off . It looks like I won 't be able to come here much either . But I 'll definitely come here on my days off ! Really ? Yeah , I promise . Big brother ? What is it ? I 'm glad we came to Ashurum . Yeah ... I ... Hikaru ? Hikaru , what 's wrong ? Hikaru , Hikaru ! Hikaru ... Double One Eight , Kai Kudou ! Yes , sir . You 've been given orders for a mission . Show me the results of your training . Yes , sir . The criminal that killed a police officer is currently fleeing in the heart of the city . It appears that the criminal is a psychic who is aligned with a guerilla organization . AESES has received a request to move out . This is your first mission . I 'm counting on you . When you left him with me , I was honestly at a loss , but ... He 's made significant progress in the past year . Well , he 's cleared the practical standards . As a psychic , his level doesn 't seem to be all that great , but I 'll hold off on commenting about that . I 'm not a psychic , so all I can give is a relative evaluation . I 've received the report from the laboratory in regards to his psi-rating . So what is your bottom-line evaluation in regards to Kai Kudou ? As a conventional combatant , it 's still too early to send him on a solo mission . But you decided that his powers would compensate for that , didn 't you , Major ? In that case , there 's no problem . Thank you , Naozumi . Your desire for a transfer to field operations is sure to be approved soon . Hey , Eiji , is he really that special ? Even I don 't know that yet . Would you please not shoot me ? Are you one of Ashurum 's psychics ? I 've come to take you into custody . Custody , you say ? Hey , boy , Ashurum is a money-making corporation . Don 't you see that if they 're replacing the military and the police , they have to have an ulterior motive ? ! After the war , the ones that brought about order in the weakened government 's stead were Ashurum and the federation of the twelve corporations . You guerillas are just clinging onto an old order . Ashurum 's psychics sure are obedient . Please surrender quietly . I won 't let you kill me ! Stop it ! Please don 't kill me ! All I 'm doing is preventing you from moving . Save me ! I don 't want to die ! I 'm begging you ! I 've taken the psychic into custody , Mr. Eiji . Save me ! I 've taken the psychic into custody , Mr. Eiji . That was incredible , Kai . I guess that 's the result of your training . If it is , then I 'm glad . The mission is over . We 'll take care of the rest . Well ... What 's going to happen to him now ? If he used his powers to murder someone , then under normal circumstances , there would be no escaping imprisonment . But in cases when psychics like them commit crimes , there are many cases where it wasn 't their own will , but that they were being used , or that their powers went berserk . It 's all right , you don 't have to worry . Our work may be dealing with crimes that the military and the police can 't deal with , but at the same time , we also have a duty to take into our custody psychics that hide underground , living in fear of persecution from society . That is the purpose of AESES . There 's no reason to worry . Thank goodness . Welcome back , Kai ! Shin-Lu ! You 're still awake ? I was waiting for you , after all . I want you to come to my room for a bit . But it 's already late . We can wait until tomorrow ... Tomorrow 's no good ! Tada ! What 's with all of this ? Kai , you 've forgotten what day it is . Wait ... Today ? Well , your birthday 's already passed . And it 's not mine . Just kidding ! I know that you 're careless about those kinds of things . Today is the first anniversary of your arrival here . I see ! It 's already been a year . Right , since Eiji brought you here . That 's why we 're celebrating ! I even baked a cake made especially for you , Kai . A celebration ? Shen-Lon ! Honestly ! Don 't just go eating it without asking ! I 've told you to use the door when you come and go , haven 't I ? That 's a bother . It 's not like we 're human . We are human . They said that you went on a solo mission . How 'd it go ? All right . There weren 't any problems . Thank goodness . But it 's amazing , being given a solo mission in your first year . Rank E , he was the lowest class of criminal . Rank E ? Shen-Lon ! You hacked into Ashurum 's computers again , didn 't you ? Even if you have that ability , you 're not supposed to use it when you 're not on a mission , right ? It 's because Kai 's getting a swollen head ! I want him to learn what his powers are . And the real reason why Eiji favours him . I 'll tell you too , Shin-Lu . Kai has a little sister , right ? That little sister is a psychic that they 're still researching . So far , all they 've learned is that she seems to have incredible powers . Hikaru ... My little sister isn 't like that . In that case , why is Eiji giving a pathetic psychic like you such special treatment ? He 's expecting things of you , since you have the same genes as that little sister . In place of your sister , whose constitution is so frail that she can 't move . What are you doing ? ! Damn , I should have just blown you through the window . Shen-Lon ! If you don 't stop , I 'm going to get mad too . Man , you 're scary . Okay , okay , I 'll leave . Shin-Lu , make a sweeter cake next time . That one 's a failure , right ? Kai , I 'm sorry . Shen-Lon 's jealous , because Eiji pays attention to you . He also doesn 't want to admit that your powers are increasing . More importantly ... the cake . I 'm sorry . It 's Shen-Lon 's fault . I 'll make another one , so eat it next time , okay ? I 'll eat it now . It 's sweet . It 's still sweet ? You 're no good with sweet things , so I cut down on the sugar quite a bit ! I 'm sorry . Ashurum 's city ... Ashurum 's people ... I 'm glad we came to Ashurum . I 'm glad we came here . But ... This is the psychic that Double One Eight captured , but his psi-rating didn 't meet the nominal value . As expected . How should we deal with him ? The same as always . Ashurum has no need for him . Contacting the third research group . We 'll leave disposal of the psychic to you , so please come pick him up . I can 't see the stars from this city . The two of us had already started to get wet from the rapidly pouring rain We snuck out in a hurry , throwing away everything We wrapped our fingers together so that no one else could see it That 's our secret sign So take me away from here , take me right away Tonight midnight So don 't stop anymore , touch me right away Tonight , it 's true love The night that can 't return is going to begin Gald , a city in chaos . AESES mobilizes in order to sweep the area of the guerillas hiding there . For the sake of order , for the sake of protecting people , and for Ashurum 's sake . But what I saw among the rubble and the flames is ... Next time , E 's Otherwise , Episode Two : We Are Not Here To Destroy We Are Not Here To Destroy " We Are Not Here To Destroy " We Are Not Here To Destroy
