 Shinjitsu wo mitsukeru tame ni Yoru no nyuusu ga shirasenai Nagasanai koto wa dore kurai aru Dare ga ushinai Dare ga te ni ireteru ka dare no tame nano ka Junsui de iru no wa kirei de kiken na koto Bokura wo meguru sekai wa sugata wo misenai de Kinou to chigau shinjitsu wo oshitsukeru dake Me no mae ni aru genjitsu no tezawari dake wa Tashika na mono ni boku ga kaete miseru kitto Starting today , this is going to be my house , right ? What do you want ? What do you want to do ? Study ! I want to know about a lot of things ! And about you too , Father . Episode Twelve Blind Spot I lost my parents at an early age , and that man reached his hand out to me . It 's not like I hate him . Kai ? But for some reason , I wasn 't allowed to do research related to psychics . And that 's why you 're having a father-son quarrel ? The more you 're told not to , the more you end up wanting to . Isn 't it always like that ? I see . What ? This device looks to be the same as the ones that have been making the rounds in Angura . They 're used to murder psychics . If you increase the output , that 's also possible . Although you might be more knowledgeable about whether it has that much of an effect or not . Though it looks like most of the profits for them are going to Kurofu . Kurofu ? That 's right , the parent company to Gatovi , the one your dad runs . There 's no way ! If you 're talking about what 's available , then aren 't Ashurum products being sold on the black market ? Among the Twelve Corporations , Ashurum and Kurofu are the ones most opposed to one another . Kurofu , selling Ashurum products ? Don 't be ridiculous . But if it 's business dealing with psychics , then it has to be Ashurum , right ? My research is personal . I never gave permission for commercial use ! At any rate , Kurofu is Gatovi 's parent company . It 'd be easy for them to steal your technology and mass-produce it without your knowledge . Good grief , this is why I don 't like rich boys . Don 't you know the saying , " There 's no wrong way in business " ? Yuuki , the tea ... All right , I understand ! For a special fee , I 'll let you rent Kai . Why ? Why is the discussion going this way ? You weren 't talking about that at all just now ! Oh , so you were eavesdropping ? It changed to that just now . What 's with that ? Are you ignoring my human rights ? Calm down , idiot . If things like this are hitting the market to be used as anti-psychic weapons , it 's a real issue . Even if the effect differs from person to person , how are you going to protect yourself ? What do you mean , how ? Dzhyuma , there 's a condition . Something that can jam the devices that have been put on the market ... No , we need an ECCM that won 't get caught even by devices used by the police or Ashurum . Can you make one ? That would mean surpassing Ashurum 's product , right ? Well , if you say you can 't , it can 't be helped . What are you saying ? I can do it ! Leave it to me ! Since it 's me , it 's possible ! Negotiations complete . Kai , I 'm counting on you . This isn 't funny ! Hey , Tokugawa . What is it ? While we 're at it , lend me Asuka too . I want to go on a date with her . Sightseeing in Gald , with a flowery and frilly feeling ! A date ? Let 's go on one . Make the offer over here . A date ... Hey , now ! Kai , why are you getting mad ? I 'm not getting mad ! He said it 's sightseeing in Gald . In any case , all they 'll probably do is wander around and then have something to eat . It 's no different from taking a dog for a walk . But ... Yuuki , a date is ... that is ... Wait a second ! Dzhyuma , your life is in danger , right ? Do you want Asuka to get wrapped up in this too ? Then , Asuka , we 'll be departing tomorrow at noon , though it 's dissatisfying having a chaperone on our date . Well ... Here , you come with me . For now , I 'm going to be taking your brain waves , so where 's the room ? I 'm telling you , I still haven 't agreed to this ! Would you mind not keeping me waiting ? I 'll want to rest soon . Yuuki ! Take his brain waves ? But Kai hates doctors and stuff , right ? That 's not true . Right , Mr. Penniless Guest ? Come on , hurry . I 'll remember this ! About the ocean investigation ... Would you mind trying to widen the search area a little more ? Sure you don 't want me to just dredge the whole thing already ? I 'm sorry . Speaking of which , there 's an unusual rumour going through Gald . A rumour ? They say that a suspicious bunch are roaming around . It seems their movements are somehow related to Kurofu . Oh , that one I 've heard . It 's not much of a problem . Leave it be . When it comes to psychic research , we 're at the top . There 's no need to be anxious . True enough . See you . Would you mind moving the chocolate ? Kai , you really do have problems with sweets , don 't you ? Yeah . Then I 've got quite a lead . Because I 've got a sweet tooth . At the very least , I can get things going by talking about sweet things with Asuka . This is the value calculated from the magnetic resonance spectroscopy of your brain waves . Convert that into analog ... And with the atomic signal of the magnetic field that the jamming device broadcasts ... What 's on your mind ? I was wondering why you 're doing that kind of research . In the end , do you really hate psychics ? What are you saying , Kai ? You certainly are disillusioned . Do all psychics think that way ? No , but ... It doesn 't really make me feel good that such a weapon exists . Well , that 's true . It seems like I 've said this several times , but I 'm not inventing to hurt psychics . You see , a tool is something that , in the end , can be used for good or evil , depending on the whim of their user , which is why the responsibility is with the user , and not the tool . Then why are you researching it ? It might be because I respect them . Respect ? It seems kind of hammy putting it into words , but , " It must be nice , being psychic . " That kind of simple respect . Being a psychic , I can 't really understand that . After all , they possess a special power . They can do things that normal humans can 't . If I had psychic powers , do you know what I 'd want to do ? No . For example , I 'd use telepathy or something to stay close to the people dear to me around the clock . So that we would never be apart . A person dear to you ... Maybe , do you mean your father ? My father ? Father ! When are you going to come back this time ? Hey ! When this time ? What , like having a male Oedipus complex ? That 's not it . I mean , like Asuka . Be that as it may , isn 't it obvious that I do the research because I want to know more ? About all of you , who are loved by this Earth ... What ? But , well , perhaps self-preservation is a more direct motive . Protecting myself from earthquakes , floods , and natural disasters . Earthquakes ? He 's not a bad person . All right , we 're done for today . Get out , would you ? I 'm going to bed too , so it doesn 't interfere with tomorrow 's date . A date ? Why are you letting them go on a date ? You jealous ? No ! His life is in danger ! Yeah , that 's right . What ? I 'm leaving him at large so that his life will be in danger . I have to make it easy for the guys who are watching him to put their hands on him . The ones watching ? The guys you saw in the slums . We have to clearly distinguish if they 're enemies or allies . It 's not unthinkable that their connection to him might be that they 're his bodyguards . Gatovi ? If they 're actual bodyguards , then they 're Gatovi . If they come and lay hands on him , then that means they 're from Kurofu . It wouldn 't matter to Gatovi if Dzhyuma was just playing around . But it 'd be a problem for Kurofu , who 's illegally selling Gatovi weapons on the black market . In any case , we have to figure out what those guys are going to do . Wouldn 't it be better to be positioned closer ? It 's all right , it 's all right , because you 're here . You can make a headshot at fifty metres , right ? What about you ? To be frank , I 'm just a bystander . Or maybe I 'm thinking like a landlord who 's having a freeloader earn his own keep . There aren 't any places that they can hide in that plaza , so that means that up here is the only position that those guys won 't notice . Well , it 's useful having a psychic in the family ! They 're different from the guys who were watching him . Yeah , they 're psychics . Was that supposed to be a threat ? Who do they think they 're messing with ? ! What 's going on ? Well , I guess it just means that there are various chains of command within Kurofu . The guys who are watching Dzhyuma , and guys who eliminate guys like us , who meddle in their affairs . Today was fun , wasn 't it ? This was my first time on a date . Really ? You 're really supposed to go on one with someone you love , right ? How about we test out Dzhyuma 's thing at full power ? Are you prepared ? I wish he 'd make this smaller . Here we go . Switch ... On ! By the way , Asuka ... What is it ? Won 't you leave Gald with me ? I 'll say this straight out . I love you . Take that and that and that ! Well ... How about it ? I can 't . Gald is my home , and I have family . No , it 's not because my house is in Gald . It might not matter where it is . My home is wherever Yuuki is . I love being with Yuuki and the others . But ... Just because he 's family , he 's adopted ... Starting today , this is going to be my house , right ? Are you a family because they give you a place to live , food to eat , and money ? What if that was just compensation for the things I created ? Is my father my family ? Be sure to do your best . What my father needed was my brain , not me as a person . Asuka , things that I created , that weren 't supposed to see the light of day , are being sold without my knowledge . It may be ... It 's possible ... That my father is betraying me . Is it really , really that way ? Did your father say that ? You won 't know unless you make sure ! You have to go home and ask your father directly ! You 're family , after all ! I 'm sure he 'll listen to you ! What do you want ? What do you want to do ? Study ! I want to know about a lot of things ! And about you too , Father . Family ... What 's wrong , everyone ? Run ! Okay ! It 's a sniper ! Where is it coming from ? Where are Kai and Yuuki ? Kai ! I 've got to protect Asuka , at the very least ! What ? ! Damn it ! Wow , you didn 't kill them . The way you say that will give people the wrong idea about me ! Is it okay for us to not go after them ? They 're Kurofu 's ... It doesn 't matter , because it looks like they weren 't planning on killing Dzhyuma from the start . They were all threatening shots . In other words , a warning . A warning ? " Don 't do anything that would reveal our black market sales to the public . " However , Dzhyuma is the son of their subsidiary company 's president . There 's no way they could lay a hand on him either . Well , this should close this case . So cute ... Kai ! Are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm all right ! They were warning shots . Probably from the Kurofu guys . Probably . What will you do ? Are you going home ? Of course I 'll go home . My home is over there , after all . My opinion of you has improved . That device really didn 't get caught in the jammi ... Kai ! Kai ! Oh , the canceller I gave to Kai , right ? It uses up a huge amount of your blood sugar if you use it for more than ten minutes in a row . What happens ? You feel like you haven 't eaten or drank anything for three days . Want to replenish your sugar ? It 's all right . I see . You know , I 'm not quite sure if you 're my rival or not , but no matter how powerful a psychic you may be , I 'm going to make a new weapon that you won 't be able to do anything about . Whoa , is that a declaration of war ? And so , I 'll come by again , older brother . Go home already ! Bye bye ! Yuuki , we got a package . What ? It 's from Dzhyuma . Beloved Asuka , my father really didn 't know anything . Well , it can 't be helped , so we decided to make up , to a point . Ack ! Thank goodness . Make up to a point ? He says , " Therefore , this is an early Christmas present for you , Lady Asuka . " Wow , it 's so frilly ! What 's with that ? What ? It 's cute ! Who are you ? That girl can see me ? Furiisogu ame ni mou nurehajimeta futari Isoide nukedashita nanimokamo wo sutete Minna kara mienai you ni yubi wo tsunaide Sore ga futari no himitsu no sain Dakara koko kara saratte imasugu saratte Tonight midnight Dakara mou tomenaide imasugu sawatte Tonight , it 's true love Modorenai yoru ga hajimaru Yuuki 's job is being the town 's handyman . He catches bad people , he fixes clogged bath pipes , he walks dogs , he even baby-sits . Oh , it must be tough . Hey , Kai , even I could do THIS job , right ? Right ? Next time , E 's Otherwise , episode thirteen : Innocent Enthusiasm Innocent Enthusiasm " Innocent Enthusiasm " Innocent Enthusiasm All right , I 'm going to do my best ! Yeah ! Innocent Enthusiasm
