 Shinjitsu wo mitsukeru tame ni Yoru no nyuusu ga shirasenai Nagasanai koto wa dore kurai aru Dare ga ushinai Dare ga te ni ireteru ka dare no tame nano ka Junsui de iru no wa kirei de kiken na koto Bokura wo meguru sekai wa sugata wo misenai de Kinou to chigau shinjitsu wo oshitsukeru dake Me no mae ni aru genjitsu no tezawari dake wa Tashika na mono ni boku ga kaete miseru kitto Big brother ... Big brother , I 'm over here ... This way ! Hikaru ! Big brother ! Again ... whenever I try to recall my old memories ... why ? What is it , big brother Eiji ? Hikaru , there 's something I 'd like for you to do . Something you want me to do , big brother Eiji ? That 's right . It 's work that only you can do . Would you do it for me ? Do what ? I want you to use your power to make all of the psychics happy . Episode 24 Waking Nightmare We 're going out for a while , so watch the place , would you ? Sure . Do you want to come with us , Maria ? What ? Hey , Yuuki , it 's all right , isn 't it ? Hmm ? Sure . See ? Hitomi , if you don 't open up , I 'm going to barge in . Hitomi isn 't here ? Shen-long , I 'm going out for a bit . I think that I 'll be back before long , so please don 't do anything rash by yourself while I 'm gone . What 's this all about ? Even Hitomi ... where 's everyone gone ? Jeez , who is it ? It 's been a long time , Dr. Asakura . Hitomi ... Have you lost a little weight ? I may have . Would you please tell me , Doctor , what Eiji is trying to do with the psychics ? The psychics at Ashurum are having their memories manipulated on Eiji 's orders . That 's the truth . Why ? When he started his research , it was in order to control the E 's , who would probably pose a threat to people . Calling them a threat ... I don 't think that psychics are like that . Yes ... that 's why I left Ashurum . My ID is still the same ? The basic principle behind the project was that " psychics are the next step in the evolution of humanity . " Is that to say that in the end , humans will also become psychics ? That might be what he 's hoping for , if it 's possible . Doctor , it looks like Eiji , my aunt , and the others are erasing the psychics ' identities and doing research on strengthening psychic powers . Psychic powers cannot be strengthened artificially . Right . It 's because they force people to do things like that that overwriting and rewriting become necessary . It 's a vicious cycle . Hikaru ... Hikaru ! Hikaru ? Hikaru ? There 's no need to worry . Eiji ! Her powers overflowed again . She 's resting right now . Hikaru is all right , isn 't she ? Of course . You 've been away for quite a while . Yes . For you , that was a very adventurous thing to do . It 's my fault that Ruri died . She was a casualty during a mission . It 's not as if you killed her . I felt that I needed to know the reason Ruri died . And ? Did you find that out in Gald ? I found out why I didn 't know that . Ashurum is brainwashing psychics and manipulating their memories , isn 't it ? Yes . Why are you doing that ? Because the minds of psychics are fragile . It 's for your protection . If you 're protecting psychics , then why do you make us fight ? If you don 't fight , you 'll be killed by humans . That 's not ... Humanity 's evolution is at a huge turning point . It 's the turning point where humans become psychics . What are you talking about ? However , during the process of evolution , while humans make up the majority , they will continue to fear the small number of psychics , persecute them , and kill them . Just like they did to Ruri . That 's my ... But before long , the era when only psychics live will come . I intend to speed that up . So this is the goddess of death and destruction that will bring mankind rebirth ? With Hikaru 's power , that is possible . Please wait a second . What do you intend to do with Hikaru ? Use her power to create a world of psychics . Isn 't it because Ashurum uses psychics as weapons that we incur the people 's wrath ? Please give Hikaru back ! She is going to go with me . Now , then , Kai . Aren 't you going to come along with us ? Eiji ... I don 't want to do this to you . But ... Kai ... Eiji ! Eiji ... you 're a psychic too ? At this rate , the sacrifices of psychics will continue to increase . Those beings that are inferior to us will eliminate the new race of man . Kai , I 'm going to make a world of only psychics . A world where psychics aren 't persecuted by people . Despite that , you 're going to oppose me ? Shen-long hated me . Kyou came and challenged me to a fight . Is your world where only psychics exist going to be a world without conflict ? Are you saying things are acceptable as they are right now ? What did you see in Gald ? That psychics aren 't weapons ! That if we could get people to understand that , humans and psychics could live together ! That 's foolish . Ashurum is ... Eiji , you 're making psychics miserable ! Kai , you 've gone a long time without receiving any of Ashurum 's treatments . You need to have your memories overwritten . That kind of treatment is ... Unnecessary ? Those wouldn 't be my memories ! Well , then , Kai , who is the real you ? The real me ? Try and think about it . Your memories were created by us . The person you are now isn 't the real you . It looks like you 're in quite the hurry . Under my plan , you were supposed to play the role of the catalyst that awakened Hikaru . But you didn 't understand that . It was correct of me to prepare Maxim in your place . Eiji ? Let me tell you a single truth . Your memories of before you joined AESES were designed by me . Welcome , Kai . Right now , you 're not anyone . I ... I ... Right now , you are meaningless . Restrain Double One Eight . Yes , sir . I ... Come along quietly , Kai . Don 't waste our time . Wait a second , Chris , Tsubaki . I can 't believe that you would ally yourself with the guerillas . Really , it 's baffling . Damn it ! Stop ! Why ? Why ? Kai ! Don 't waste our time . Why ? Why , Eiji ? You 're not anyone . They 're headed for Ashurum 's redevelopment site . Now they 're walking around Gald like they own the place too . Yuuki ! Maria ! Who are those children ? Psychics that Kai rescued . What ? They were being used for their powers , but right now , we 're having them safeguarded here . Hey , hey , where 's Kai ? Kai isn 't coming today ? Kai isn 't here today . In his place , look , that big sister will play with you . Umm ... Hey , hey , are you a psychic too , big sister ? Yes ... You mustn 't look so sad . Psychics can become happy too . What ? That 's what Kai said . Kai said ... We 're happy . I hope we 're still happy even when we grow up , all of us together . Big sister ? Yes , that 's right . It would be great if everyone was happy ... Doctor , please tell me one last thing . Is it possible to lift Ashurum 's brainwashing ? Their original memories , from before they 're brainwashed , should be preserved somewhere ... If it 's Eiji that 's doing it . Can those be brought back ? Whether the memories are inside their brains or have been turned into data , as long as they still exist ... Those are Ashurum helicopters ! This has gotten kinda major , huh ? Are they trying to start a war or something ? What 's that huge machine ? Who knows ? It doesn 't seem like a bomb , though . What are you planning on starting in Gald ? The aforementioned experiment . Telepathy and its resonance . And you 're going to use Hikaru for that ? Hikaru is perfect for it , after all . I can 't agree with that . Your Kai has returned . Please take care of rewriting Kai , Professor Chigaya . Chris ... Tsubaki ... Kai ! Why you ! Kai ! Why you ! I 'm sorry ! Shen-long ? Where are you , Hitomi ? Listen calmly , Shen-long , if you want to return your big sister to normal . Who are you ? ! Double One Eight ? ! Where 's Hikaru ? Hikaru ? Didn 't Eiji bring her to the laboratory ? The chief took Double One Zero to the treatment room . Where is it ? Where is it connecting to ? Where is the data being sent ? Where are you , Shin-lu ? Is that it ? Shen-long ! Who 's there ? Kai ! Where 's Hikaru ? What are you talking about ? Don 't get in my way ! Shen-long , where 's Eiji ? You just never stop making a nuisance of yourself . How the hell would I know that ? If you know , then tell me , Shen-long ! Hikaru ... and Eiji , where are they ? ! I said that I don 't know ! And just what do you think you 're doing , Double One Eight ? Professor Chigaya ! Seven Nine Belvedere , come here . I 'm not going to obey your orders ... If you 're saying that you 're going to help Double One Eight , then ... Who 'd do that ? Where 's Hikaru ? ! We can 't give Hikaru to you . Double One Zero is a very important being . Hikaru is my little sister ! It 's an anti-psychic jammer . Kai Kudou , we 're going to put a hold on the freedom that Ashurum has granted you . Prepare to rewrite Double One Eight 's memory . Yes , ma 'am ! Eliminate his memories of when he was away from Ashurum . Put his condition back to version three . Stop it ... We don 't want to give you any unnecessary injuries . How much time and resources do you think we spent on strengthening your psychic powers ? You belong to Ashurum . You guys ... Seven Nine ... Is that how you changed Shin-lu ? Behave yourself . Resistance is useless . Shut up ! Kai ... We 're not objects or tools ... let alone weapons . Psychics are human too ! Furiisogu ame ni mou nurehajimeta futari Isoide nukedashita nanimokamo wo sutete Minna kara mienai you ni yubi wo tsunaide Sore ga futari no himitsu no sain Dakara koko kara saratte imasugu saratte Tonight midnight Dakara mou tomenaide imasugu sawatte Tonight , it 's true love Modorenai yoru ga hajimaru The time has come . The pieces are all gathered , and the song of destruction can be played . Erimiya , Hikaru , Maxim , and Kai . Take the Sacrament of Calvaria out to the world , and bring the Gospel to all of the powerless people . On the next episode of E 's Otherwise , Harvest Time episode twenty-five , " Harvest Time . " Harvest Time
