 Shinjitsu wo mitsukeru tame ni Yoru no nyuusu ga shirasenai Nagasanai koto wa dore kurai aru Dare ga ushinai Dare ga te ni ireteru ka dare no tame nano ka Junsui de iru no wa kirei de kiken na koto Bokura wo meguru sekai wa sugata wo misenai de Kinou to chigau shinjitsu wo oshitsukeru dake Me no mae ni aru genjitsu no tezawari dake wa Tashika na mono ni boku ga kaete miseru kitto Hey , you . Do you know where the boat is ? Boat ? Yuuki , we 're going underground now , right ? That 's right . A boat underground ? Are we getting into a submarine ? Just hush up for a bit . Hey ! I don 't mind leaving it up to you . Why me ? You 're being pretty laid back . I just want to see you at work . A pro chooses their tools wisely , right ? You seem to have forgotten , so allow me to say this ... Our contract with you is still going . It 's not as if you 're just casually coming along as Asuka 's chaperone , right ? Episode Twenty Intent and Fate Dear Kai , Yuuki and I are going to a place called the " guerillas ' base . " Yuuki , are we boarding that ? Yeah . Oh ! Hello ! Yo , Bud . Yuuki ... Rikumi , it 's Yuuki ! How many times do I have to say this before you understand ? Bud , call me Captain ! Yeah , yeah , I got you . Yuuki , you 're finally visiting ? I need your help . Hurry up and get on , we 're going to set sail . Rikumi specializes in unusual clients . You can 't cross these waters without him . So today we 've got two guys and three girls , right ? You 've one guy and one girl too many . They walked in unannounced just a little while ago . Hi ! Nice to meet you , I 'm Sherry ! This one 's name is Kyou . Be friendly , okay ? An underground level , you say ? I 'm looking for the guerillas ' base . I think you 're somehow mistaken . I know nothing about guerillas . The church is supposed to be knowledgeable about Gald 's construction . You should also know of a way to their base . Does this have anything to do with what I 've requested of you ? The guerillas are also looking for the Sacrament of Calvaria . Wouldn 't it be bad for you if they found it first ? This is very interesting news . What 's the matter ? We 've captured someone suspicious . I 'm moved that his Holiness himself would show up . Who are you ? Please look at this . He was trying to install a listening device . What business do you have with the church ? It 's not with the church , it 's with you . In that case , come back when you have an appointment . That 'd be no fun . After all , what I want to know is your true face . You impertinent bastard ! Leonid ... I 'll leave his disposal to you . What ? Err , wait a second ! What do you mean , " disposal ? " Hey ! I 'm sorry you had to witness such an unpleasant scene . What 's going to happen to him ? An appropriate punishment will be decided . Death in reverse . This is what Yuuki is currently lacking . Lacking ? Do you mean calcium ? Huh ? After all , that 's a picture of a skeleton ... Huh ? After all , that 's a picture of a skeleton ... No , I think that Yuuki is the way he is right now because there is something missing in his life . It looks like he 's the type that naturally goes forth with some kind of goal in mind . He might have been irritated with the situation up until now because he was moving without having a specific goal . Wow ! The Death card also has meanings like being stagnant , or feeling depressed or uneasy because you 've lost sight of something . I wonder if that 's why ... until we got onto the ship , Yuuki would get angry so quickly ... But since we boarded the ship , the way he gets angry has been a little bit different . It looks like he 's back to his old self . It 's because on the way here , we left things like the ship , leading us here , and everything else up to him . We 've let him return things to his usual pace . I 'm used to dealing with men like Yuuki , who think they know what they 're doing , and men that treat women like idiots . Oh my ... Those are words I just can 't ignore ... " I 'm used to dealing with men , " don 't you think that has a risqué ring to it ? Err ... umm ... that is ... Hey , would you mind reading something about my future too ? Why are you bringing Asukacchi along with you too ? The only people that use the ocean entrance are people with specific business in the blockaded zone . Just something ... you know ? There 've been some complications , and even Asuka ... Hey now ! Asukacchi 's wrapped up in this too ? This isn 't like you , Yuuki . No ... it might be better to say that I 'm the one getting wrapped up in it ... Huh ? What in the world am I doing ? You okay , man ? What data are you looking for , I wonder ? You 're Shen-long , right ? Why didn 't I notice her ? Even if my attention was on reading this ... Your big sister 's data ? You want me to help you ? You certainly are something . Every guy was KO 'd before I knew it . Leonid , what are you doing in a place like this ? What about you , Kai ? Why are you here ? Never mind , let 's hurry up and get out of here . Well , hold on . You want to join me ? What ? There 's money in the church . Especially that Ghibelline guy . If we can bring his true face to light , then it should turn into quite the money maker . Want in ? Or do you know something ? Don 't you know too ? Know what ? About the guerillas ' underground base . Seems like you 're doing some pretty interesting things . Huh ? Miss Sherry , where 's the guy that you brought with you ? Now that you mention it , I haven 't seen him for a while now . I think he was mumbling something about being seasick . What ? Seasick ? I have some stomach medicine . It works on heartburn too . I 'll take it to him . Umm ... does stomach medicine work on seasickness ? Asuka , wait up ! If we 're going to give him medicine , give him mine ! Damn it , Sherry , you jerk ... Why do we have to ride a boat like this ? Here 's some medicine for you . Whoa ! I 've seen an angel ... Hurry up and take it . Asuka went through all the trouble to bring it to you , after all . Right . I got this from Bud . I 'm sure it 'll make you feel better . Right ... Oh ! Asuka 's older brother ! Sherry ! Why you ! Ahoy , passenger ! They say you 're seasick ? It 's all right , I still have one more ... Oh ! What the hell ? Ashurum ? ! Why are we running into a military vessel in a place like this ? Those bastards ... Aren 't they supposed to be unable to do anything in Gald ? Who do they think they 're messing with ? What 's the matter , big sis ? Are you so scared you can 't comment ? I know that emblem ... Yeah , well , that 's because it 's famous . You 've probably seen on TV or something , right ? No , that 's ... I saw it on the first day I met Kai ... Kai ? It was probably attached to his clothes . A psychic ? And one of Ashurum 's ? Asuka , who 's Kai ? Err , umm ... Kai is someone who had a lot of injuries ... and Yuuki and I took care of him together ... he got healthy ... umm ... and now works with Yuuki ... he knows a lot about the stars and stuff ... and he 's kind ... Umm , and ... That doesn 't tell us anything , big sis . Here you go ! You like sweet things , right ? It really pisses me off when you give me that look of " I know everything about you . " Tell me who you are ! If you snap at me , then I 'll smash this , the data that you tried to steal . You have to be nice to girls . What do you mean " girl , " you old bat ? Why you brat ... Seriously , what kind of upbringing is Eiji giving these kids ? I 'm Hitomi . Hitomi Chigaya . Chigaya ? ! Oh , you don 't have to worry . I won 't blab to Aunt Kyoko or Eiji about this , even though I know why you broke into the databank . I 'm telling you , stop saying things like " I know . " People who pretend like they know stuff are always the ones who don 't anything ! Oh , I 'm sorry . But in any case , I don 't believe I 've said anything as audacious as " I know how you feel . " Now , what do you want to look at first ? For example , the data from before she was treated ? Treated ? ! I told you not to worry . I mean treated for her injuries . That 's not it ! You guys must have done something to Shin-lu ! That 's not Shin-lu ! Listen , take an actual look at this . It 's a comparison of her before and after the treatment . You can see that the value for her motor functions has gone up , right ? You could say her muscles have developed , or ... Not that ! I 'm talking about in her head ! Her brain , or her nerves ... something has definitely been done to her ! I 'm sorry , but I don 't understand what you 're trying to say . It 's not like I 'm taking part in my aunt 's or Eiji 's projects . It 's just ... It says that your older sister herself came in and said that she wanted to be made stronger . That there was something she wouldn 't be able to obtain unless she became stronger . That there was something she didn 't want to lose . Shin-lu ... Mom said that when the store closes , we can go downstairs . Let 's go outside and play for a little bit ! It 's already dark , so it 'll be okay if it 's just for a bit . Nah , Dad 'll get mad if we go outside , right ? When Dad gets mad , it makes Mom cry , right ? At first , I was the only one in my family that we knew was a psychic . I don 't remember ... my mother 's face . Even still , I get the feeling that her hands were warm . But when we realized that Shin-lu was a psychic too ... We 're twins , but no matter how many times I say that thinking of us as " older sister " and " younger brother " really doesn 't make sense , Shin-lu won 't listen . She acts like she 's older , and pretends that she 's strong . Always pretending that she 's strong ... Even though I 'm the one that has to get stronger so I can protect her ! I 'm not good enough at all as I am now ! Do you want to eat another piece of cake ? Yeah . I 'll give you mine too , so eat it all . Okay . Good . Okay . Good . My dear Professor ... psychics are complicated . Begin Seven Eight 's rewrite . Yes , ma 'am . You made the right choice in having me show you the path , Kai . Is this a path ? It 's a path if you call it a path . Right ... You did pretty well for yourself , Kai . I mean choosing the church in order to get into Gald 's underground . Really ? I suspect that the corporations , the guerillas , and the church are all connected by the underground . And I mean literally when I say connected . The paths and everything else . I think that you 'd be easily be able to see what kind of place Gald is from the underground . It sounds like you 've already seen it all . Well , that is my trade , after all . Yuuki , are you really going to be okay ? It 'll work out , somehow . If we don 't come back in three days , contact the guy who 's been staying with me . Right , I understand . See you later , big sis ! Yeah ! Thanks , Bud ! Come in . We 're going down pretty far , aren 't we ? Why didn 't you say that you were harboring one of Ashurum 's psychics ? I didn 't think there was any real need to say anything . No , there was . Then let me say something . I 've solved the mystery of the Sacrament of Calvaria . Solved the mystery ? However , I 'll be withdrawing from this case . What are you saying ? ! Never mind , just listen . The Sacrament is just a trick of the church . In the end , it 's all just a power struggle that revolves around being the next head of the church . That 's not it ! That IS it ! If the extraordinary powers of psychics are recognized by the church , then they will become the power of God 's miracles . That baptism is , in other words , the Sacrament . The Sacrament isn 't an object . The old man must know this . There 's no way . If that 's the case , why did he contract you to search for it ? Who knows ? Why don 't you try and ask him yourself ? Yuuki , isn 't it kind of cold here ? Yeah . I 'm surprised that you guys don 't freeze hiding in a place like this . Yuuki , there 's someone here . They 're in front of them . She 's not talking about us . He 's not alone , is he ? Balk ? Maria , good work . Yuuki Tokugawa , this is a letter addressed to you from Mr. Erimiya . A letter ? This is called a book ! The old man , call the old man ! This is something that Mr. Erimiya himself wrote , as well as his will and testament . What ? Will ? Balk ! What 's happened to my grandfather ? What do you mean by will ? ! Hey , what is this ? Let 's help ourselves to that . Got you ! Furiisogu ame ni mou nurehajimeta futari Isoide nukedashita nanimokamo wo sutete Minna kara mienai you ni yubi wo tsunaide Sore ga futari no himitsu no sain Dakara koko kara saratte imasugu saratte Tonight midnight Dakara mou tomenaide imasugu sawatte Tonight , it 's true love Modorenai yoru ga hajimaru People that are manipulated by fate and the like are idiots , but am I , who came to a place like this , an even bigger idiot ? The corporations , the church , and the guerillas . Hmph . This places reeks with a dangerous stink . The stink of an incredible treasure . On the next episode of E 's Otherwise , " Cruel Flame . " Cruel Flame Cruel Flame Now then ... you never can tell what fate has in store ... Cruel Flame
