 In order to discover the truth The evening news doesn 't tell you How many things aren 't broadcast Who loses Who is obtaining it , and for whose sake Being pure is a beautiful and dangerous thing The world that surrounds us won 't show itself All it does is force a different truth from yesterday 's on us At the very least , I will try to change the feeling of the reality that is right in front of me Into something certain , surely Damn it ! Whoa ! Having a hard time ? Maria ! That spy bastard 's using the building and the terrain well . There 's just one of them . This isn 't like you . Maybe you underestimated him ? It 's him ! Maxim ! He 's overdoing it ! Episode Five Magnificent Approach Ow ! That 's right . This isn 't my house . Don 't ! Don 't , don 't ! You can 't , so don 't ! Look , the egg shells are dangerous , right ? Don 't lick it . Don 't ! Darn ... Good morning . Kai , good morning . Are the eggs all right ? Well ... It 's all right . I 'll clean it up right now , so ... What 's wrong ? Well , now that you 're going to be living here , I thought I should prepare breakfast or something , but ... I thought , " no matter what I do , it 's never any good . " Actually , Yuuki banned me from coming into the kitchen . Banned ? Why ? " You have so little talent for cooking it 's almost refreshing , so don 't come into the kitchen ! " ... he said . Well , you 're family , so he was just being a bit strict with you , that 's all . That food from before was delicious . It was all made by Yuuki . He made it ? ! You see , the first time that Yuuki ate food that I had made , he ended up not talking to me for a whole day . Why don 't we go and buy some eggs ? Yuuki 's still asleep , right ? Let 's do it before he finds out . Okay ! So that 's how it was . Yeah , and then Yuuki made me a cake that was THIS big . Kai ? You 've been gawking for a while now . All of this is unusual for you , right ? Does Gald feel different from the city you live in , Kai ? Yeah ... Well , I wonder ? Oh , that 's right ! Kai , wait here ! Excuse me . Sorry to keep you waiting ! Kai , which would you prefer , cookies and cream , or strawberry cheesecake ? You got one of those for me ? Right ! I recommend them both ! Pick whichever one you like . Then ... The one without a topping , I guess . Okay ! Later , I 'll give you a little bit of this one too , okay ? It 's delicious too ! Thanks ... Then let 's go back ! Asuka , did you buy the eggs ? I 'm sorry , hold this , I 'll buy them right away ! But I 'm not good with sweets . What am I doing here , not going back to Ashurum ? Kai ? You don 't like ice cream all that much ? Look , you haven 't eaten it at all , so it 's melting . Thanks . That 's no good , Kai . If there 's something you don 't like , you have to say you don 't like it . I don 't mean just the ice cream . Kai , you 're a nice person , so you 're always trying not to hurt other people and covering for them , but you 're lying to yourself . Asuka ... When I do this , your feelings are conveyed to me , Kai . Yuuki laughs at me , but somehow , I can understand the feelings of birds and animals and the like . You 're kind of similar to them , Kai . Not in words , but it feels like I can hear something from far away . I 've felt this sensation somewhere before . Back then ... I thought it would be all right if I died , just like that . But ... I know that you must be in pain , Kai . You might be the only one who can understand your pain , but ... Be nicer to yourself too . You 're right . I 'll do just that , Asuka . If there 's anything I can do , just say so , okay ? Asuka , thank you . Man , Yuuki really is good at cooking . I wonder if Yuuki 's angry ? Oh , yeah ... I wonder ... I 'm sure he 's angry about that . " Come downstairs when you finish eating " ? Calvaria ... Is it a code name for something ? What does it mean ? It 's because it 's you that you 'll be able to find it . Yuuki ... So you 've arrived . Well done . What else did you learn at Ashurum ? What are you planning ? As long as you 're here , you 're going to earn your own board . What else can you do ? I 'm not an actual soldier . Enough with the big talk , tell me . All kinds of martial arts and communication technologies . Associated codebreaking , information gathering and processing , and I have all kinds of licenses for various transportation methods . If it 's a land or air vehicle , then I can probably drive it . All right ! If you can do all that , that 's fantastic ! I 'll make sure to think about where you 'll be earning your money ! Yuuki , everyone 's looking this way . So what ? They 'll realize what I am ! And in any case , it would be strange if anyone could actually walk in these ! Calm down , no one 's figured it out . In a place like this , a guy who brings a woman with him will arouse less suspicion . Still , even though we 're not under suspicion ... Why are we getting so much attention ? What is it ? What are you looking at ? You 're quite the beauty . Idiot ! Try stepping into my shoes ! I 'm wearing this sticky make-up on my face , and it feels so disgusting that I can 't stand it ! But being able to change so much is a talent . If I didn 't know your identity , I 'd probably hit on you . Shut up ! What number would you like to bet on ? So this is the playground for the rich in the Gald area , is it ? That 's the outward appearance . They 're here . That 's the boss of the syndicate that currently controls Gald . The police do what he says to . The man behind him is his secretary . The inside of the case he 's holding is packed full of the goods that are going to be exchanged tonight . An exchange ? In a place like this ? It 's because it 's a place like this that it 'll go well . That 's the detective that was assigned here last week . This time , we 're going to let that detective perform a great deed . The arrangements are just as I told you . Shoot , and run ... Do it . Don 't just say " do it " ! Why are you getting angry ? This has bothered me the whole time ! If that boss gets arrested , then who benefits ? That doesn 't matter . It 's your client , right ? And what 'll you do if you know ? Is it going to help you shoot and run ? This isn 't fair ! Since you 're going to make me help you , tell me everything that 's in the requests ! If you do this job successfully , I 'll tell you everything . So you mean you still don 't trust me ? That 's right . That 's fair , right ? I 'll do it . All I have to do is do it , right ? Well done . Police ! Don 't move ! What did I do ? ! It was shoot , then run , right ? Oww ... Just take those off and go ! Hurry up ! Guard all of the exits ! Don 't let a single person in this casino outside ! Just as we had planned ! Kai ! Yuuki ! Yeah ? The client was someone trying to overthrow that boss , wasn 't it ? He 's an opposing force that wants to get his hands on the organization in that boss 's place . Am I wrong ? And so ? Kai ! We 're going to split up ! Find your own way back home ! We 're not finished talking yet ! Yuuki ! Good work on your first job . Does Asuka know that you earn your money this way ? We let the police arrest the villain . The work itself wasn 't wrong , was it ? It was a just thing to do , the way you like it . But the situation isn 't going to change at all , right ? This time , all that 's going to happen is that your client is going to control Gald ! As a result , the evil remains ! Where 's the justice in that ? Tell me , what else could I do ? Don 't think you can keep on living being so idealistic ! It takes money to live in this town ! Even you have no choice but to use your own skills to live , right ? Don 't talk like I have no choices ! You 're just a big softie , aren 't you ? ! Asuka ! Yuuki ... Welcome home . How many times have I told you not to cook ? ! I 'm sorry , Yuuki . Here . I 'm glad you weren 't hurt . Thank you very much . Yuuki , where 's Kai ? Weren 't you together ? We need to serve tea to our guest . What ? If you 're looking for Kai , he 's right there . Oh , no ! Well ... I 'll be sure to wash it and give it back ! I feel refreshed . What ? ! That beautiful woman just now was Kai ? ! Yeah , yeah . Really ? It was really Kai ? Hey , Yuuki , come on ! That was so surprising . But Kai was really a beauty . The nice scent of perfume ... Does it look good on me ? Yuuki bought it for me for my birthday . Yuuki 's playing the piano . Tell me , what else could I do ? Don 't think you can keep on living being so idealistic ! What you 're saying is idealistic nonsense , Kai ! I wonder how Ashurum is seen from this city ? The two of us had already started to get wet from the rapidly pouring rain We snuck out in a hurry , throwing away everything We wrapped our fingers together so that no one else could see it That 's our secret sign So take me away from here , take me right away Tonight midnight So don 't stop anymore , touch me right away Tonight , it 's true love The night that can 't return is going to begin This is an abandoned city . Sealed away , its existence denied . But there is freedom here . It is unsupervised , and it is unrestricted . People 's hopes grow and are alive . I want to protect this irreplaceable city . Next time , E 's Otherwise , Episode Six : Test Site City Next time , E 's Otherwise , Episode Six : Test Site City " Test Site City " Test Site City
