 Shinjitsu wo mitsukeru tame ni Yoru no nyuusu ga shirasenai Nagasanai koto wa dore kurai aru Dare ga ushinai Dare ga te ni ireteru ka dare no tame nano ka Junsui de iru no wa kirei de kiken na koto Bokura wo meguru sekai wa sugata wo misenai de Kinou to chigau shinjitsu wo oshitsukeru dake Me no mae ni aru genjitsu no tezawari dake wa Tashika na mono ni boku ga kaete miseru kitto Here 's a trophy for you , Eiji . Victory ! Good work . Hold on , that 's all ? Is it too much to give me a reward or something ? A reward ? Stop saying such soft things . Hey , Sagimiya ! Look at these injuries . I got taken out by that bastard , Kai . You should be able to heal those yourself . Are you enduring the pain just so you can show them to me ? There 's so much damage that I can 't get my powers to work . Get a doctor to look at them . I can 't stand them ... not Kai ... not Sagimiya ... Hey ! Maxim ! Hey ! This feels very uncool somehow . Episode Twenty-Two Rhapsody We forgot about this , didn 't we ? We left it as it was , completely destroyed . Let 's clean ... things up . This isn 't something you can just clean up ! We 're going to get rid of all of this wreckage . Get rid of it ! Damn it ! We 'll have this place straightened out by dawn ! Hey , Kai . Hmm ? What is Ashurum planning on doing , snatching up old man Erimiya 's will ? Even if you ask me , I don 't know ... Well , I guess that 's true . The guys at the top are the ones that are making the plans , after all . You wouldn 't know , would you ? Sagimiya ordered us to bring that telepath back with us . Kai ! Maybe I should meet with him . With who ? After all , a lot of things have happened here that can 't be seen from Ashurum . I wonder how much he knows about this town . So who is this " he ? " Kai ? Hey , Kai ! Wait a second , Kai . Don 't come any closer . Huh ? What 's wrong ? Asuka ! Go inside . But ... Both of you , hurry ! But ... Both of you , hurry ! Maria ! What 's with those injuries ? Maria ! No ! Why ? She 's hurt badly ! She has ... business with me . Ashurum ... My grandfather ... Give back my grandfather ! Yuuki , do something ! Cut it out you guys ! Don 't you dare destroy my house ! I 'll kill you . I don 't know anything about that ! Really ! I won 't let you say you don 't know ... you ... You killed my grandfather ! This is bad ! Please believe me ... I ... Maria , calm down ! Kai really doesn 't know anything ! Maria , please stop ! This man is one of Ashurum 's psychics ! There 's no way he can be trusted ! It 's because of them that psychics are treated like monsters ! We 're ... not like that . That 's right ! We 're humans that are proud to be psychics ! Maria , you mustn 't ! Kai will die ! Stop it already ! Yuuki ! So that 's Kai Kudou 's little sister . She 's a goddess that will bring forth death and rebirth to mankind . Did the old man say anything ? Nothing . I see . I 'm going to be gone for a while . Where are you going ? Gald . Maria , you loved your grandfather ... That 's why you didn 't know what you should do . It 's all right ... because I 'm by your side , Maria ... You don 't have to be lonely ... Oh man . If I bill Ashurum for the construction costs ... I wonder if they 'll pay ... Monsters , huh ? You 're regretting using your powers , right ? She was hurt . What about it ? I don 't care if she was hurt or what ... I couldn 't hold back . That 's why I aimed my gun at her . Were you planning on shooting her ? Yeah ... otherwise we would have been killed . As long as you guys are fighting on your own , you can do whatever you want . But don 't get us wrapped up in it ! I was just trying to protect myself . That 's all . If we people insist on both wanting to kill , and on not being able to afford to be killed , then it will lead to a massacre . What are you , stupid ? Of course that 's how it is ! Isn 't there another way ? Shin-lu ! Shin-lu ! You came back to your room ? Be quiet ! My ears are ringing ! I 've told you not to shout when you 're near me , haven 't I ? Shin-lu ... And there you go again , making that face . Just looking at it pisses me off . Get out ! Go on , hurry up ! Who are you ? Where has Shin-lu gone ? What did you say ? I 'm right here . What 's happened to you , Shin-lu ? You just keep getting weirder ... even more so than you were when you saw Kai ... Shin-lu ... You said " Kai ! " Don 't say his name in my presence ! Even you remember what horrible things he did to me , don 't you ? What are you saying ? Shin-lu ... Here you go . This should make it all right . Well , it would probably be best for you to not get close to Shin-lu for a while , you know ? That ... isn 't Shin-lu . I don 't think that there 's any mistaking that Aunt Kyoko has a hand in this . You 'll leave this to me , right ? Maria . Thank goodness , you 've woken up . The weather 's fine today . Those are my pajamas , but ... Are they a bit tight ? One of Yuuki 's shirts would be bigger , so just hold on . Oh ! Kai ! Maria 's woken up ! Asuka . Hmm ? I want to talk to Maria alone , just the two of us . Would you mind going to where Yuuki is ? What ? Kai ... About last night ... I 'm sorry . I just had to apologize . You were already hurt badly , and I injured you even further ... I 'm the one that has to apologize . I attacked you last night because you 're a psychic from Ashurum . But that 's because I would have attacked anyone from Ashurum . If killing me will satisfy you , then go ahead and kill me . It 's just like you said , I 'm one of Ashurum 's psychics . And ? Huh ? In other words , you 're a weapon , right ? We 're not weapons ! You 're free to think that . But Ashurum only sees psychics as weapons . As long as that 's all Ashurum sees us as , I 'll just ... We 'll just continue to fight . As long as we don 't crush Ashurum , psychics won 't be able to live as people . That 's not true . Are you sure of that ? What are you trying to say ? I told you , I will fight . In order to make Grandfather 's ideals reality . People might die as a result of that ! Why do you say things that deny your power ? What ? I 'm proud of my powers . I even believe that they were given to me by God . What do you feel your powers are for ? What do you want to do with that power ? I ... I just don 't want to hurt people with this power . All you 're doing is running away from your power . I 'm not running away ! You 're a psychic ! If you don 't want to hurt people , have you even thought a little about how you make it so you don 't hurt people ? You don 't take responsibility for your power ; all you 're doing is staying in a comfortable and complacent place . If you hate it that much , then it would be better to throw it all away rather than run away from it . If you can 't do that , then just as you wish , I 'll kill you right here ! You don 't go back to Ashurum , and you can 't get rid of your powers . How sad . I won 't ... run . Kai , where 's Maria ? She left . What ? Where on Earth to ? Kai ... Last night , the chief officer responsible for the redevelopment of the district of Gald , Eiji Sagimiya of Ashurum , suddenly arrived in Gald having received special orders to make an emergency inspection . Now , here is the situation at the press conference being held at the harbor . So he 's the one you said you were going to see last night ? We at Ashurum merely want the redevelopment of Gald to proceed smoothly . In order to facilitate that , I wish to ask for the church to put in a good word in regards to our administration of it . The church is going to remain neutral , until the bitter end . We 're different from interest groups like you . I 'm here talking to you as a representative of Ashurum . Hmm ? What 's that ? The will of the former head of the church , Martinus the Fourteenth . I believe you know the phrase , " Sacrament of Calvaria , " but ... it might be something that refers to the future of Gald as being the place where the renewal of humanity will take place . The future of Gald ? Are you saying that it 's written inside this will ? ! Now then , who knows ? Everything you need in order to become the head of the church is written in there . Ashurum will not begrudge you any kind of back up when it comes to your future . You will most likely be the new head of the church . This is a gift to you from us . Will it be possible for our hopes to come true ? All we need is your assistance . This is a sign of my pledge to work with you . Take it with you . Maria ! Teo ! You 're all right ! Yes ... but ... I heard about what happened to Mr. Erimiya . I can 't forgive that bastard , Maxim ! More importantly , what are you starting ? Eiji Sagimiya from Ashurum came to Gald this morning . What ? What did you say ? We 've gotten a hold of his travel route . Although many allies died to get us that information . You 're going to kill Sagimiya ? We have a use for him . We 'll capture him and gain an advantageous card to play against Ashurum . This is a battle to avenge Mr. Erimiya 's death ! I 'll fight alongside you . Are you going ? Maria 's the one that tried to kill you . Yuuki , don 't talk about her like that ... I can 't leave things be . She 's certain to go after Eiji . There 's no way things will stop here . Kai ... Furiisogu ame ni mou nurehajimeta futari Isoide nukedashita nanimokamo wo sutete Minna kara mienai you ni yubi wo tsunaide Sore ga futari no himitsu no sain Dakara koko kara saratte imasugu saratte Tonight midnight Dakara mou tomenaide imasugu sawatte Tonight , it 's true love Modorenai yoru ga hajimaru The power to destroy . That power will even hurt the people you must protect . Throw it away ? Don 't throw it away ? You can 't throw it away . Because it 's your power . And because it 's a vital part of you . On the next episode of E 's Otherwise , Distant Dawn On the next episode of E 's Otherwise , Distant Dawn Distant Dawn " Distant Dawn . " Distant Dawn
