 Shinjitsu wo mitsukeru tame ni Yoru no nyuusu ga shirasenai Nagasanai koto wa dore kurai aru Dare ga ushinai Dare ga te ni ireteru ka dare no tame nano ka Junsui de iru no wa kirei de kiken na koto Bokura wo meguru sekai wa sugata wo misenai de Kinou to chigau shinjitsu wo oshitsukeru dake Me no mae ni aru genjitsu no tezawari dake wa Tashika na mono ni boku ga kaete miseru kitto The near future is an era where people belong to corporations . Psychics , who can convert force of will into physical power , are born . They are called " E 's " by the people who are unable to understand the power they possess . Episode Two We Are Not Here To Destroy My precious Colt Python The Colt Python I got from my papa I had been treating it with such care , but ... Hey , a male stalker ? Give me a break . Did you know that I was Yuuki the handyman ? Well ? Did someone ask you to do this ? Or do you have a grudge against me or something ? Hey , you ... I 'm sure that we 've met somewhere before , right ? Where could it have been ? It was , you know ... Oh , yeah ! I remember ! It was that ... Yesterday ... All right , here I come , and I 'm not going to hold back ! Jerk ! Stop right there ! Mr. Eiji ... Stop your training . Kai , Shen-Lon , Shin-Lu , Ruri , Tsubaki , Chris . You six have a mission ! Sir ! You 'll be infiltrating Gald for us ! Gald ? You have all received orders to clear out the guerillas in the Gald area . The mission this time is the round-up of a criminal group . We 've confirmed that the subversive activities that have occurred in the past few months have been the work of a particular guerilla organization . If we succeed in destroying that guerilla organization , then we will be able to prevent a great number of crimes before they occur . I want you to take care in handling this mission . If the mission is that important , then won 't someone like Kai drag us down ? Shen-Lon ! Shen-Lon , since when have you been directing our missions ? Or is it that you can 't listen to my orders ? No ! That 's not it ! Then that 's fine . Please look at the data we 've prepared . The Gald Area Guerilla Sweep Mission ? It 's a fairly large guerilla organization . After the military 's supporting attack , you will all infiltrate . Attack ? ! Do you mean the city ? There has been an order to evacuate , and they will only be attacking the danger zone . There are no normal citizens . Think of it as a diversion for the guerillas . I see . There are many psychics among the guerillas , whose powers are being abused . I want you to rescue them yourselves . How about it ? Feel like confessing now ? Geez , you guys ! What are you planning on doing , stripping me of all my stuff ? We had our gun trade just the other day , right ? You 're not saying that there were faulty goods mixed in there , are you ? That would be a false accusation ! That 's right ! Call the guy from yesterday ! The guy from yesterday ! He properly verified everything ! He 's disappeared , with all the guns . What ? ! After his transaction with you . Maybe he 's run off with the goods ? He 's been killed . You think I did it ? Ashurum 's the one that killed him . But when you think about the source of the guns you diverted , it 's only natural to think that you 're a spy . You 're saying that I 'm one of Ashurum 's underlings ? That 's a wonderful joke ! Damn it ! Don 't let him get away ! I don 't know if they 're guerillas or what , but they sure are a soft bunch . If you 're going to head out , shouldn 't you ask nicely first ? You 're a troublesome person . Well , sorry for my lack of etiquette ! Yuuki Tokugawa , come with us . There isn 't very much time left . Big brother ... Hikaru ... For this mission , we 're obliged to carry a gun , right ? It 's kind of scary . That 's it ! I 'm absolutely no good with them . I miss doing training all the time . You can 't let that get to you , Shin-Lu . But ... It 's all right ! It 's just for your own protection . I said you probably won 't need it . Let 's hurry up and go ! Kai ... We 'll be going on ahead . Sorry . Seriously , I don 't know whether to call Shin-Lu determined or what . Maybe you have to put that much into it , or your feelings don 't get across . I 'm sorry , I need to talk to you for a second . Is something the matter ? Mr. Eiji , why is it necessary for us to carry guns for this mission ? The enemy is armed , so naturally it 's dangerous . In that case , I don 't need mine . What 's wrong , Kai ? You know that you 're obliged to carry a gun for self-defense for this mission , right ? I can take care of self-defense . Certainly , even I acknowledge that your powers have been increasing , and I can understand that you 're becoming more confident , but ... That 's not it ! It 's just ... There are psychics who have joined our opponents , right ? Like us ? I don 't want to kill them or hurt them . I see ... But have you considered the possibility that you might get hurt ? I don 't care ! It 's my responsibility . I understand . Remove the clip from your gun . You 're still obliged to carry it , but ... People have been known to forget things . Mr. Eiji ! Okay , I 'm heading off . Take care . Yes , sir ! Kai ! Shin-Lu ... Did you hear what Eiji and I were talking about ? Let 's go ! The Ardrah is going to take off ! Right ! The conditions for the occurrence of psychic powers are still at the research stage , but they are still human beings . One day , all of a sudden , they awaken to their powers , but they 're no different from normal talents . If we are going to question the danger , then it 's not their powers , but the situation in which they are left alone in a society that won 't accept them . The opinion of the citizenry is guarded and won 't be changed so easily . We of the government do not wish for Ashurum 's power to expand unnecessarily due to harbouring a large number of psychics . Of course . The number of psychics that Ashurum has in custody is just as the data shows . From that number , some are selected , and as AESES , we use them to support the military and police , but the powers themselves are only at the level of telekinesis , levitation , flight , and short-range teleportation . So you 're saying that Ashurum 's only goal is to protect psychics . Just as the government intends us to . And ? Are you saying that you still suspect me ? This city ... What do you think of Gald ? It 's a nice city , isn 't it ? Even though it 's trashy and smelly . I grew up here , and it doesn 't particularly bother me that guerillas like you are hanging around . But it doesn 't seem that Ashurum 's people feel the same way . Ashurum ... The gigantic international corporation that 's linked to the government ... In politics , the economy , the military , the research establishment , everything ... You 're quite familiar with them . Everybody knows all that ! Let me tell you that they 're the number one group that I don 't want anything to do with . Out of the twelve corporations that have the world under their control , they 're the only one that is openly meddling in the affairs of Gald . Ashurum will soon be setting this place ablaze . Unfortunately , I don 't believe in fortune-telling . It 's not fortune-telling . It 's precognition . It is something that will occur in the future . Oh , so you 're a psychic ? What a surprise . This is the first time I 've heard of precognition . You , handyman ... There is something I want you to obtain . Can 't you go look for that yourself , with your psychic powers ? Psychic powers aren 't omnipotent . At any rate , there 's no reason for me to stick my neck out , right ? Let me go home already . The Sacrament of Calvaria . The Sacrament of Calvaria . It 's somewhere in this city . Ashurum will also come to this city searching for it . They will even kill many people if they must . Wait , I 've never heard of that . Don 't just move the discussion along on your own ! We 'll pay you as much money as you want . We can 't let them have it . Please ! You say please , but even you don 't know what this thing is , right ? Even I can 't find something like that . It 's because it 's you that you 'll be able to find it , Yuuki . No , you 're the only one who can find it . Is that also what you call precognition ? That 's fine ! I accept this job ! For us to return to Gald like this ... Hey , Shin-Lu ? What is it , Kai ? Before you came to Ashurum , you lived in Gald , right ? I don 't really want to talk about it . I 'm sorry ! My ... My mother worked for a medical institution connected to Ashurum , so ... Ever since my little sister Hikaru and I were born , we were raised under the care of Ashurum . That 's why I don 't know much about the outside . Because Hikaru has a frail constitution , she 's always been in the hospital , but even after our mother passed away , Ashurum is caring for her . I believe that even Hikaru is able to be as healthy as she is because of Ashurum 's medical technology . That 's why , if it 's useful to Ashurum , I 'll even go on missions like these . But I don 't want to hurt anyone with my powers . And if I can , work even without using my powers ... That 's idealistic nonsense , you idiot ! Shen-Lon ? It 's because you don 't really know how the psychics outside of Ashurum are being treated by other humans that you 're able be so wishy-washy ! Stop it ! Stop it , Shen-Lon ! If you don 't oppose them with your powers , Stop it ! Stop it , Shen-Lon ! then in this world , people like you and your sister are likely to end up killed by humans ! then in this world , people like you and your sister are likely to end up killed by humans ! Shen-Lon , that 's enough ! Shen-Lon , that 's enough ! Kai , I 'm sorry . But even though the way he said it was horrible , it 's true . Before we came to Ashurum , there were never any fun or happy things . All that happened were horrible things ... That 's why we have to save the other psychics that are having the same kinds of experiences . Kai ... Let me meet your little sister next time . Even if it was only for a little bit , it made me happy that you talked about your family . The Chariot ... Courage and hope ... A card that shows a young man that has both a strong sense of responsibility and the power to overcome difficulty . Why is it him and not me ? Is it impossible for me to find it for him ? To find the Sacrament of Calvaria ... Maria ... Grandfather ! Did you pull a good card or something before you depart ? No , I don 't have precognitive powers like you , Grandfather , and my fortune-telling is never correct either . Grandfather ... It 's not that I don 't believe in your precognition . It 's just that I want to be useful to you , who took me in and raised me . Even if I don 't have the power to find the Sacrament , I want to go and try to find it . The predetermined future that you caught a glimpse of ... If only I had the power to change that ... I 'm sorry , saying such selfish things ... You 've always been a gentle girl . How could I stop you when you say you want to do something for me ? Now , go . I 'm sure that I 'll find the Sacrament of Calvaria ! Please wait for me ! The Death card , that holds the light of rebirth , in reverse . Just as the card shows , right now this one is insecure , and is yet incomplete , but ... Please wait for me ! I 'm sure that he 'll show you the path in my place . So this is Gald ? It 's a city that was built on a graveyard of buildings from the old days . It 's just a termite 's nest . Shen-Lon is in a bad mood , isn 't he ? Just as we planned , A Team , head towards the warehouse quarters in the southern harbour district . B Team will cut off the route to the warehouse quarters . If you come under fire , defend yourselves and return fire as you see fit . In five minutes , the military 's assault vehicles will begin their supporting attacks . Everyone , be careful . I 'm going ! Hey , hey , are you serious ? Was the old man 's precognition right ? Damn it ! Not good , I 'd better get away quick . That 's ... Why is there a person here ? Furiisogu ame ni mou nurehajimeta futari Isoide nukedashita nanimokamo wo sutete Minna kara mienai you ni yubi wo tsunaide Sore ga futari no himitsu no sain Dakara koko kara saratte imasugu saratte Tonight midnight Dakara mou tomenaide imasugu sawatte Tonight , it 's true love Modorenai yoru ga hajimaru A voice can be heard . He fears people 's hatred , he fears the death of a friend , he fears his own power , and he despairs . Kai 's heart . That voice of sadness is ... Next time , E 's Otherwise , Episode Three : The Arrow That Has Been Loosed Next time , E 's Otherwise , Episode Three : The Arrow That Has Been Loosed The Arrow That Has Been Loosed " The Arrow That Has Been Loosed " The Arrow That Has Been Loosed
