 In order to discover the truth The evening news doesn 't tell you How many things aren 't broadcast ? Who loses Who is obtaining it , and for whose sake ? Being pure is a beautiful and dangerous thing The world that surrounds us won 't show itself All it does is force a truth different from yesterday 's on us At the very least , I will try to change the feeling of the reality that is right in front of me Into something certain , surely Episode 23 Distant Dawn Secure Sagimiya . Roger ! It 's not Sagimiya ? ! It 's a trap ! Retreat ! All right , the players have all been assembled ! Now then , everyone , please do your jobs well . Big sister Maria , having to part so soon after our reunion is so sad ... Let 's get this party going ! This is ... Take that ! And that ! Weak , aren 't you ? You 're too weak . Kai ? I thought this was going to be a boring mission , just dealing with the small fries , but it looks like it might be fun after all . Where 's Eiji ? Is he here ? What did you say ? Kai Kudou , we finally meet again ! Yuuki ... I 'm going to see how things are for a bit . Okay . Don 't worry , I 'll be back in time for dinner . You 're one of Ashurum 's psychics too ? ! Why are you always out to get me ? This is payback for the last time we met . I 'm going to pay you back extremely well ! Stop it ! There should be no reason for you guys to fight ! You 'd better not look away ! Stop it ! Psychics aren 't weapons ! There has to be a way other than hurting one another ! Kai , what are you , stupid ? ! Stop it ! Big ... brother ... A direct hit ! Did that sting you a little ? What ? Never mind that ! Fire on the guerillas ! Wipe out the Ashurum forces ! What 's going on ? Double One Zero 's psi-rating is spiking all of a sudden . We can 't control it ! Her power 's out of control ? ! That 's how it should be ! Kai ! Whoa ! This seems to be getting a little dangerous ! Kai ! Big brother ! Who ... Who are you ? Big brother ! Kai ! Big brother ! Kai ! Double One Zero has calmed down . Reset the program . Hurry and administer the tranquilizers ! Yes , ma 'am . Well , you went and did it . I couldn 't stop it ... I couldn 't do anything ! We 've received information that the guerilla organization in Gald has been wiped out . Although our forces also sustained considerable losses . Their blood will become the foundation of a great history . Eiji , what do you intend to start ? Why are you obsessed with that abandoned town ? Because that is the promised land . The promised land ? I don 't know what you 're trying to get your hands on , but I 'll stick with you , no matter what happens . After all , I 've already lost my life once . You don 't know ? You 've taken up all this time , so what do you mean you don 't know anything at all ? Calm down . The data regarding Shin-lu 's surgery has incredibly troublesome security on it , so there 's no way to break through it easily . So does that mean it 's pretty important ? Yes , probably . But if we 're going to break through their guard , I think now is our chance . It looks like there was some trouble in the lab . Trouble ? That 's right . My aunt 's busy with things there , so we may be able to take advantage of this opportunity . " Eiji 's research is wrong . " That 's what someone who withdrew from Ashurum said as he left . He was a mentor that I deeply cared for and respected . I want to get close enough to see what he saw . Oh , Yuuki ! Asuka ... When I came here after getting your call , she was in here , passed out . The injured person you told me about wasn 't Asuka , was it ? Yeah , the one I meant will be here shortly . Asuka , what happened ? It 's all right , I 'm fine now . Kai , where 's Maria ? She said she could walk on her own ... Maria ! I 'll begin treatment right away ! Her injuries have already begun to heal . If she rests quietly for a while , she 'll be all right . Oh , thank goodness ! That 's because Maria is a psychic like Kai , right ? That 's right . Isn 't it wonderful ? Hmm ? The abilities that Kai and the others possess ... they 're gentle powers , right ? They make you healthy , after all . It 's really wonderful . More importantly , Asuka , are you really all right ? Huh ? I ... I heard a voice . A voice ? It was really afraid . It sounded somehow as if their heart was being torn apart ... For you , Kai ... Me ? It was calling for you the entire time . They 're gentle powers , right ? Even if it can heal my own injuries , this power can 't heal the injuries of other people ... Even if it can create wind on the surface of the tea and destroy this cup ... it can 't bring back the warmth of the tea after it 's cooled off . What the ? Hey , now , what in the world is going on ? This area is now under Ashurum 's jurisdiction . We would like for all residents to leave the area as soon as possible . If you do not do so within the time allotted , or if you do not follow our directions , you may be forcibly removed . Don 't mess with us ! What 's the meaning of this ? ! Don 't mess with us ! What 's the meaning of this ? ! Don 't give in to Ashurum 's tyranny ! Don 't give in to Ashurum 's tyranny ! So it 's finally begun . That bastard Ghibelline has sold Gald to Ashurum . Look at that , they 've really hit the ground running ! It doesn 't interest me . I just carry out my missions . What a boring reaction . You were more fun when you were a young girl in love ... A restart from the beginning , huh ? What are you talking about ? Oh , nothing ! Well , a woman on her way down might not be so bad , either . All right then , let 's get going . Where to ? Gald 's fourth underground level , beneath the church . We 're going to go destroy an angel factory that 's wasting a lot of electricity . What about Kyou ? If we 're going to be destroying things ... He was beaten up by Kai , so he 's out of action for a while . Kai is in this town ? He is , isn 't he ? When this mission is over , you 'll be able to see him , I 'm sure of it . It 's going well . A link between Erimiya 's and Maxim 's minds has been achieved . So even after his death , he still brings power ... Maxim has awakened . Awful . You 're feeling awful ? Having your face be the first one I see when I wake up is awful . Ahh , sorry about that . If you 're wondering , I don 't remember my dreams . Too bad for you . So you did have dreams . You don 't have to talk about what the dreams were about . I 'm not so perverse as to look into them . You 're messing around with people 's brains , so you 're perverse enough . After all , you linked me to someone else 's brain . That 's the best proof . What 's inside there ... is not human . Then what is it ? One part of a system . That phrasing is certainly typical of you . I did have a dream ... if you can call that " dreaming . " I 'd say it was closer to " feeling . " What did you feel ? Pain . An intense feeling of pain came over me . So the pain of when Erimiya died affected you ? No , it was like he was rejecting an intruder . The old man got in the first hit , and I was attacked hard . Attacked , eh ? I hear Shin-lu once got hit with an attack that could directly inflict damage to her brain too . It 's probably something like that . Wouldn 't it be better to test this with a psychic that 's more powerful than me ? You 're the most capable . How about you do it ? There 's no meaning to it unless it 's tested by a psychic , right ? I see ... I understand . Kai ! Are you going back to Ashurum ? Kai ... Asuka , do you remember this place ? Yeah . This is where you saved me , Asuka . Back then , I was afraid of hurting people with my powers . I thought that if I could help it , I didn 't want to use my powers for that ... But I used these powers , knowing that they would hurt people . I even hurt the people I was trying to protect ... No matter how I try to gloss over it , I can 't change the fact that these powers hurt people . I was turning my eyes away from my powers . Listen ... You 're going to rescue your little sister , right ? You don 't have to come up with a bunch of reasons to go do that . Yuuki . What is it ? Kai 's feelings will never change . I haven 't forgotten the sadness I felt when I first touched him . You told me about that before . His sad dream , right ? Yeah . Then we have to hurry up and end that sad dream . I 'm willing to come with you . Thank you . But I 'm going to go alone . I see . Kai ! Kai ... umm ... That is ... I 'll come back , to see the stars . I want to show them to Hikaru too . Okay ! The two of us had already started to get wet from the rapidly pouring rain We snuck out in a hurry , throwing away everything We wrapped our fingers together so that no one else could see it That 's our secret sign So take me away from here , take me right away Tonight midnight So don 't stop anymore , touch me right away Tonight , it 's true love The night that can 't return is going to begin She is the destroyer of the old order . She is the creator of a new world . She is the goddess of death who brings nightmares . You who have lost everything , you who will become the counterpart of the goddess , become her shield , become her sword , become the light that illuminates that place . Waking Nightmare become the light that illuminates that place . Waking Nightmare Waking Nightmare Next episode , " Waking Nightmare . " Waking Nightmare
