 Shinjitsu wo mitsukeru tame ni Yoru no nyuusu ga shirasenai Nagasanai koto wa dore kurai aru Dare ga ushinai Dare ga te ni ireteru ka dare no tame nano ka Junsui de iru no wa kirei de kiken na koto Bokura wo meguru sekai wa sugata wo misenai de Kinou to chigau shinjitsu wo oshitsukeru dake Me no mae ni aru genjitsu no tezawari dake wa Tashika na mono ni boku ga kaete miseru kitto Don 't sigh ! You missed every shot ! I didn 't miss ! Where are you looking ? I said to shoot the arms and legs , right ? If they all hit the head , what 'll you do ? I don 't accept wetwork ! Even if our enemies come and shoot at us , we don 't kill them ! Do you understand ? Yeah ... It looks like it 's going to take a considerable amount of time to rehabilitate him at this rate . This is a real pain . I don 't need a gun . Well , just carry it to carry it . It 's for bluffing . For bluffing ? Yeah . Your opponent will be pretty scared just by seeing it , after all . Listen , if there 's a time when you just have to shoot ... I know . Okay , then ! Now , we have a job ! Episode Seven Purple Destiny Jeez , Asuka ... I was going to ask her to watch the place . Where 'd she wander off to ? Wasn 't she in the greenhouse ? More importantly , this is a library , right ? What kind of work do we have at a place like this ? Incredibly profitable work . That 's right , there 's one more thing that I forgot to say . Kai , don 't use your powers in front of other people . It 's safer that way in Gald . Got it ? You 're Mr. Yuuki Tokugawa , yes ? I 'm Drake , the director . Hello . This is my assistant . I 'm Kai Kudou . Well , in any case , come in . Something feels strange , doesn 't it ? It 's just that profitable deals happen in places that have that kind of feeling . The prayers of justice have become one I am the one that brings love and peace to the whole world , The prayers of justice have become one I am the one that brings love and peace to the whole world , This is the chance , blaze up ! Phantom Thief , Purple Mask ! This is the chance , blaze up ! This is the chance , blaze up ! Tomorrow , at 6 : 30 PM , This is the chance , blaze up ! Tomorrow , at 6 : 30 PM , Tomorrow , at 6 : 30 PM , Purple Mask of love and courage ! I will arrive to take the first printing of the Purple Mask comic that is being kept there ! Purple Mask of love and courage ! Purple Mask of love and courage ! Do you want to replay it ? No , that 's all right . This was delivered yesterday . In other words , the time given in the crime notice is today , at 6 : 30 PM . Three and a half hours to go . Purple Mask ... Man , that takes me back . What ? When we were kids , it was a really popular TV show . Every week , on Tuesday evenings for thirty minutes , starting at six o 'clock . This is the chance , blaze up ! The Purple Mask of love and ... Yuuki ? The Purple Mask of love and ... The Purple Mask of love and ... We 're going home . We don 't have the time to play around with a weirdo . Please wait ! The pay is just as I told you in the e-mail ! We 've transferred the advance payment into the designated account ! Please capture him ! You 're spending that much money for a guy like that ? And the thing he 's after is the first printing of a comic book ? How the hell am I supposed to believe that story ? ! Didn 't you say that you don 't judge the value of a job 's contents ? Shut up ! The first printing of the Purple Mask comic is rare and valuable . When it first aired , it was unpopular , and it seems that the comics didn 't sell well , but now , it 's treated like it 's something of a precious jewel . Why haven 't you reported this to the police ? That is ... He sent this e-mail into our book management system . This system is supposed to be impossible to hack ! If he infiltrated the security system as well ... If you reported this to the police , then it would come out that you 'd been hacked , and you 'd be forced to take responsibility . I 'm begging you , please ! Well , if that 's the case , it can 't be helped . So where 's the book ? It 's in the basement storage room . He 's going to meet with Maxim alone ? What 's the meaning of this , Teo ? Who knows ? Even if you ask me ... It 's just that , according to the brass , Mr. Erimiya is probably going to judge his personality himself . This is the first printing in question . Man , this takes me back ! With it being kept this secure , it would be impossible to steal it . But he 's someone who 's able to get through our impregnable system , so ... The only people who would do that are maniacs or psychics . Just because someone is a criminal doesn 't mean that they 're a psychic , right ? No , it is because we have left the psychics alone that crime has gone up ! Seriously , psychics are a menace to society ! After all , if they use their strange powers to commit crimes , then we have no way of dealing with it , do we ? Hello ? Excuse me ! I want to borrow all of these , so where should I go ? What ? Yuuki , Kai , are you looking something up in the library too ? How did you get in here ? Well , there were a lot of doors , but they were all open , so ... This place is surprisingly easy to get into , isn 't it ? Did I do something ? I mean , I thought that it would be bad to not be able to cook anything ever . That 's why I thought I should study and came here to borrow some cookbooks . You won 't teach me anything , Yuuki . Asuka , hurry up and go home . What ? But ... Blaze up ! What ? But ... Blaze up ! We 're working right now ! Shoo , shoo ! Purple Mask of love and courage ! Yo . And you are ? Hi , I 'm the number one detective in Gald who shows up immediately if there 's a case , Leonid ! I 'm one of Yuuki 's very good friends . Nice to meet you , hello . Hello . Don 't talk to him . You 'll catch his stupidity . It looks like you 've been jumping about here and there recently . I 've heard rumours . I haven 't heard any rumours about you at all . I thought that you had shut down your detective business or something . This is the chance ... Don 't sing ! Where did you get that info ? Something called the grapevine . It looks like a good reward is going to come through . What do you want to say ? Recently , there has been a strange someone frequently appearing on the net , calling themselves the Purple Mask . It was tough ! I spent all day yesterday discovering his true identity . Want to see the info ? Nope , I don 't . Whoever this guy is , it 'll be settled once we catch him , after all . I think this will be of help in catching him , though ... Go and check out if some leisurely madam is cheating on her husband or something . Jeez ! You 're a no-fun brat ! Seriously ! It 's none of your business ! Don 't snap back at me ! I 'll help you , so let me have around ten percent , that 's what I 'm saying ! When you get involved , it always ends up being all for nothing ! How is the storage room ? ! It 's already locked . Evacuate all of the patrons ! I am the Purple Mask ! You minor villains over there ! Who are you calling a minor villain ? Try and catch me if you can ! Kai , look , look ! That man is flying ! It couldn 't be ... Please capture him ! Quickly ! All right ! We 're going to go all at once ! What ? Me too ? All right , ten percent ! One , two ! Damn it , where did he go ? Split up and follow him . Scatter ! Good luck ... Fool ! I will never be captured ! Are you a psychic ? And what if I am ? If you say you 'll get in my way ... Take the steel hammer of justice ! Stop it ! What ? ! You have to stop doing this . You 're one too ... Even still , justice will prevail ! Kai ! Was he here ? ! He got away . What ? We have to stop him . He really is a psychic . Didn 't I tell you that I had good information ? Rick Weber , seventeen years old . Works at a paint factory in the slums . He 's kind of famous in net auctions for maniacs . He had been collecting everything related to the Purple Mask . That 's why he wants the first printing . That 's not all . He has an arrest record from two months ago . He stole the Purple Mask costume they used for filming from the television station 's warehouse . There are security guards who witnessed it . The costume ? The maniac spirit . It feels like he 's the ultimate maniac . However , it seems that when they tried to capture him , he disappeared . Just like earlier . Disappeared ... Based on testimony , they searched his home , but the costume wasn 't there . With that , there wasn 't enough proof , so they had to acquit him . So this really is the work of a psychic . They need to be rounded up ! Hey ... Kai ! Hey ... Kai ! What is it ? Forget it . In any case , we have to catch him soon . You 're right . There 's no mistaking that he 's inside the library . We can probably corner him . Go home , you ! But this place has been locked down . I can 't get out . I 'm okay with my share being twenty percent . That 's higher than before , isn 't it ? ! Thank you . By the way , Yuuki , didn 't you make a point of not using an assistant ? It 's just how it ended up . I see . Hey , hey , Yuuki , should I help too ? You don 't have to ! There 's two hours left until the announced time . He showed up pretty early . What in the world is he thinking ? We have to stop him . Exceptional powers need to be used for exceptional results . Is that what they taught at Ashurum ? It is , but that 's what I think too . Psychic powers shouldn 't be used for crime ! Logic like that doesn 't work in this city . But ... Don 't think about it . But ... Don 't think about it . In any case , we just have to catch that guy . Hey there , Mr. Crazy Maniac . You 're a good boy , come on out . You are a psychic , aren 't you ? I 'm ... You are , right ? Even bullets won 't stop me ! I can pass through plastic , thick steel doors , and anything else ! This power , which I started being able to use all of a sudden around two months ago ... How wonderful ! A god-given power ! If you 're a psychic , then you too should be able to comprehend this great power . The Purple Mask is the bible of my heart . I 'm going to use this power to obtain it , no matter what . That 's a crime . For a psychic to use that power for crime ... Crime ? That 's the difference in our values . Not using the power granted to oneself for oneself ... That would be a sin . Kai ! Asuka ! Kai ! Why are you just standing there ? ! Get him ! Leave this side to me ! Farewell ! He disappeared ... Catch him , quickly ! That bastard , pulling a stunt like this ! This is a difficult problem , isn 't it ? Hey , Yuuki , that man vanished ! Listen , Asuka ... I 'm begging you , don 't wander around ! Just stay still ! Okay ... I wonder if Kai and the others are all right ? Ten more minutes . It looks like he 's hiding somewhere , waiting for the time to come . What 'll we do if he gets through using his teleportation ? He IS a psychic . We 'll cross that bridge when we come to it . Here he comes ! I am the Purple Mask ! As I announced , I am going to take the book ! He 's inside ! Come back ! Damn it ! It 's dangerous ! Your powers probably aren 't all that great . And even if they were , if you use them over and over like that , your body won 't be able to take it ! The prayers of justice have become one ... You 're pushing it ! Damn it ! Kai ... You know a lot about psychics , don 't you ? This is the chance , blaze up ! You have to stop ! If you use your powers any more , you don 't know what 'll happen to your body ! It doesn 't matter . I 'm going to use it . I 'm going to use this power ! Give up already ! No ! I 'm going to go ! Forging ahead ! Far ahead ! If you say you 're going to go , no matter what , then I have no choice but to shoot . He 's serious . And when he shoots , he aims for the head . Don 't go . Don 't go ! The ending theme is over . Time for the commercial . A crime committed by a psychic isn 't something that leaves a good aftertaste . There aren 't any crimes that have a good aftertaste . Okay , then , my share is twenty percent . Whatever ! You just helped out on your own volition ! Jeez , but you 're an aggravating brat . See ya ! Kai , what 's wrong ? The crimes of psychics ... You kept your promise . It 's just that my bluff worked . All right ! Now to go home and make some delicious food ! I 'll do my best ! It 's an honour to meet you . I 'm Maxim Feller . Furiisogu ame ni mou nurehajimeta futari Isoide nukedashita nanimokamo wo sutete Minna kara mienai you ni yubi wo tsunaide Sore ga futari no himitsu no sain Dakara koko kara saratte imasugu saratte Tonight midnight Dakara mou tomenaide imasugu sawatte Tonight , it 's true love Modorenai yoru ga hajimaru That place is a battlefield . Compromises are not allowed . Weakness is not allowed . They merely wander about single-mindedly , striving to be the best . It is truly perfect . This is a superb piece of work ! A shop that brings forth the flavour that will silence all others . That is the ... The Chronicle of the Rise and Fall of Tokugawa Ramen Next time , E 's Otherwise , episode eight : The Chronicle of the Rise and Fall of Tokugawa Ramen " Interlude : The Chronicle of the Rise and Fall of Tokugawa Ramen " The Chronicle of the Rise and Fall of Tokugawa Ramen
