 In order to discover the truth The evening news doesn 't tell you How many things aren 't broadcast ? Who loses Who is obtaining it , and for whose sake ? Being pure is a beautiful and dangerous thing The world that surrounds us won 't show itself All it does is force a truth different from yesterday 's on us At the very least , I will try to change the feeling of the reality that is right in front of me Into something certain , surely Eliminate his memories of when he was away from Ashurum . Put his condition back to version three . Stop it ... Behave yourself . Resistance is useless . Your power belongs to Ashurum . You 're wrong . Kai ... We 're not objects ... we 're people ! Episode 25 Harvest Time If you 're going to turn those powers on people , then you aren 't humans . The powers of psychics need to be controlled . Are you saying that changing Shin-lu was control too ? She is merely in the middle of an experiment . There 's no problem . No problem , you say ? ! There 's no problem . No problem , you say ? ! You 've made me waste time . This is why psychics need to be controlled , because they do things like that . You 're telling psychics to fear humans ? Just like humans fear you . Fear becomes resentment . It just means that both sides need to maintain their distance . That takes freedom away from psychics ! Kai , you 've always been a troublesome child . What are you saying ? Which one is Shin-lu 's memory ? An intruder has been detected in the memory banks . It 's Seven Nine Belvedere , right ? Professor Chigaya , please tell me , where 's Eiji ? You 'll meet him in time , once your rewrite is finished . You will be going to Gald as well . Why you ... This is it ! Kai ! Eiji has gone to Gald , hasn 't he ? Are you saying that the jamming has no effect on you ? It 's a device that nullifies jamming . A person that doesn 't fear psychics made it for me . Something like that ... all it means is that a stronger jamming system will be created . It 's a vicious cycle . The conflict between people and psychics will continue forever . We 're all humans . People and psychics should be able to understand one another . Shen-long ! Shen-long , we 're going to teleport ! Double One Eight and Seven Nine have disappeared . Continue searching ! Find them , no matter what ! What is this ? What is that young punk trying to do to the church - no , to Gald ? It 's as I 've just told you . In other words , me or him , it doesn 't matter which . Kai is sure to come here , to Hikaru . Maxim , what will you do ? So that means if his existence is erased , then my fate will change ? You are a fool that knows neither impurity nor fear . Foolish one ... Foolish one , your name is ... Bad ... this is bad ... Oh , it looks like they 've arrived . They 're late . Where is this ? Oh , how cute ! Who is she ? She 's my younger sister . Shen-long ? Shen-long ? Kai ? This is ... An army hangar . What ? An army hangar . What ? What ? We teleported into an army helicopter , We teleported into an army helicopter , and got out before they checked the interior . This is it ! Shen-long , I 'm going back to Gald . I 'm going to Gald , and getting Hikaru back from Eiji . Do whatever you want . I have to go to Gald too . If this is an army base , then that 's perfect . I 'll just steal an Ardrah . I 'm going to destroy the others . If you want a ride , then help me . All right . I met Grandfather when I was very little . I say " met , " but he took me in and raised me after I had been abandoned . He took me in , and after a while , I awoke to the powers within me . I remember that I was very happy ... because I was able to put them to a lot of good uses . Maria , this is a gift from God . You must be sure to use it wisely . I 've gained so much from Grandfather that I can 't possibly pay him back for it . Live your life with your face forward and your head held high . That 's why , right now , I want to help a lot of children too . I will live on , carrying on my grandfather 's intentions . Who is it , who is it ? You 're being annoying ! Leonid ! Have you been shot ? Yuuki . I worked a little too hard . Thanks to that , though , I got this from Ashurum ... Leo ! He 's all right , his pulse is strong . Huh ... Well , this is a surprise , I can 't believe that it 's your place that the rat ran off to . You ! Where 's Kai ? So I 'm starting with you , am I ? Asuka , take care of Leonid . Okay . Take that ! And that ! And that , and that , and that ! That hurt ! Oh no ! You won 't hit me , scampering about like that ! Take that ! You 're an eyesore ! I 'll kill you , just as you wish ! This is a jamming device created by the brilliant Gatovi . It 's a bit different from the Ashurum ones . You bastard ! Did that do it ? So it wasn 't a direct hit ? That was a severe wound , even for a psychic . Damn it ... Kai ! Exactly when will you be able to progress to the next curriculum ? There 's no way I can fly ! There aren 't any humans anywhere that can fly through the air ! As you say , there aren 't any humans that can fly through the air . But you 're different . Try moving your body , just like you moved those objects earlier . If you think of yourself as the same as an object , then you should be able to do it . That was very harsh of you . Do you treat all of your subjects that way ? Eiji ! It 's been a long time , Professor Chigaya . There 's no need to be so surprised . So says the man who hasn 't shown his face around the lab for a year . Oh , haven 't I ? This time , we 're choosing some of the boys and girls that Ashurum has taken in , and forming a new team . A team of psychics ? We would really like your help with that , Doctor . We need excellent people and powers . By the way , Doctor , who is the boy from earlier ? That boy can 't even fly yet . His psi-rating is low too . But he 's Kei Kudou 's son . Birds of a feather , yes ? I can give him wings . False wings , that is . What do you hope for ? What do you wish for ? Can I trade places with Hikaru ? I 'll bear Hikaru 's pain for her . Your wish will come true . Kai . Sorry . You 're as inconsiderate as ever . I 'll switch with you . It 's all right . This way , I don 't owe you anything . I 'll switch with you . It 's all right . This way , I don 't owe you anything . Owe ? I know , Kai . You saved me because you wanted my help , right ? That 's not ... You said you 're going to see Eiji , right ? When you do , what are you planning on doing if Shin-lu confronts you ? Shin-lu ? Shin-lu hates you right now . She 's been changed again . Can 't she be put back to normal ? I 'm going to put her back to normal ... to the old Shin-lu ... No matter what . What is it ? Who knows ? It 's the result of an investigation that a detective risked his life for . That 's ... the old man 's will ! Grandfather ! Cal ... varia ... They 're trying to make ... Gald into an execution site ... Sorry to keep you waiting . You left Martinus the Fourteenth alive ? No , we merely preserved him . For what reason ? As a transmitter . What ? He 's one part of a system that will transmit What ? He 's one part of a system that will transmit the power of the Sacrament of Calvaria to the entire world . This place is the Sacrament of Calvaria . What did you say ? We will be putting it through a trial run shortly . Maxim , how are preparations going over there ? We can start at any time . Yuuki . Asuka , wait for us at Asakura 's place . I 'll take you and Leonid there . But what about you , Yuuki ? I can 't let Ashurum just do whatever they want to . You 're right . I 'll go with you . My grandfather is there too . I understand . Don 't jump the gun , Maria . I won 't . Don 't you jump the gun , either . It 's Gald . What ... What was that , just now ? The power of the Sacrament of Calvaria . And that was merely a portion of it . A complete activation will be possible soon . You mustn 't ! If this is the Sacrament of Calvaria , then we will seize it ! This place has no meaning to you . That 's nonsense ! I 'll send Ashurum 's redevelopment back to square one ! As the head of the church , I will make a shrine in this place ... Lord Ghibelline ! Why you ! You ... Now that an era is beginning where one 's influence in the world of man means nothing ... you mean nothing as well ! What was that , just now ? Kai ... Hikaru ! The two of us had already started to get wet from the rapidly pouring rain We snuck out in a hurry , throwing away everything We wrapped our fingers together so that no one else could see it That 's our secret sign So take me away from here , take me right away Tonight midnight So don 't stop anymore , touch me right away Tonight , it 's true love The night that can 't return is going to begin A manufactured past . Manufactured memories . A manufactured fate . But I 'm me . There are no pre-destined futures . Living right now , and moving forward into the future is my will , my freedom ... It 's my unmistakable ... On the next episode of E 's Otherwise , the final episode , The Approaching Daybreak The Approaching Daybreak " The Approaching Daybreak . " The Approaching Daybreak
