 In order to discover the truth The evening news doesn 't tell you How many things aren 't broadcast ? Who loses Who is obtaining it , and for whose sake ? Being pure is a beautiful and dangerous thing The world that surrounds us won 't show itself All it does is force a truth different from yesterday 's on us At the very least , I will try to change the feeling of the reality that is right in front of me Into something certain , surely Yuuki ! Are you going out ? Something wrong with that ? No , not really . Where are you going ? Where ? Why do I have to tell you every last place I 'm going ? What are you , my mother ? What was that ? Episode Thirteen Innocent Enthusiasm What ? Has Yuuki already gone out ? Yeah , and somehow , he seemed like he was in an incredibly bad mood . What ? Yuuki was angry ? No , he wasn 't angry . More like ... And he was normal this morning too . Kai , let 's have tea . A front-runner candidate to be the next head of the church , he has taken charge of governing as the administration 's representative in the time of the head of the church 's absence , Cardinal Giberini . Cardinal Giberini is also known to be an enthusiastic charity activist , and recently has been promoting volunteer work , especially in the Gald district . Next up is news related to Ashurum . Despite the temporary moratorium on Gald 's redevelopment passed by the executive council , reports of sightings of a submarine thought to belong to Ashurum have been coming in one after another . Ashurum ... why ? I ... Quick , we have to treat it ! The medicine ... It 's all right , Asuka . It 's not all right at all ! It 's all right , so ... I 'm sorry ... That is ... I 'll go and wash the towel . Saying " I 'm sorry " is strange , right ? I know stuff like that is just Kai 's special abilities . I wonder if he thinks I ran away because I was scared ? I 'm no good . Thank you , as always . See ya . Please wait ! The headmistress will be returning soon . Won 't you please wait inside ? No . Oh , my . Headmistress ! That orange ponytail ... We 're back , Sister ! Welcome back ! Now , everyone , please go inside . What 's the matter ? Well ... I ... It looks like I did something rude to him . He seemed to be angry the entire time . I don 't think it was that he was angry . He 's probably busy , and this is probably not the only place he makes donations to . That , and he ... It looks like he has a bit of a problem with having people plead with him and the like . He 's a very good child . Oh , no ! He might not like being called a good child either . Hey , Kai ... Asuka ? Are you busy ? Is there anything I can help with ? No , I 'm just looking at the list to kill time . If you 'd like , want to look together ? Yeah ! It 's a list that everyone who does work like Yuuki looks at . He said to check it and see if there was any good work . There are all sorts of requests , aren 't there ? But there are a lot of pranks too . Kai , Kai ! Look , there 's a cute one ! A cute one ? Look ! A cat ? It 's called Maron . Maro ? It says , " We 're looking for him " ! He 's been gone for over a week . If we did this job and looked for him on our own , do you think Yuuki would get mad at us ? Yeah . Kai , you said " yeah " without hesitating . Oh , well , sorry ... I wasn 't listening properly . Well , you could say that it 's a bad idea , or ... It 's possible that even I might be useful for a job like this . I don 't know if I can say that we 'll accept this request . Yuuki might reject it too . Reject it ? There are also times when he doesn 't accept them . For example , there have even been times when he 's looked at the list , and while he was doing various negotiations with the client , because the conditions might not match up or something , he 's turned the job down . Then , if Yuuki rejects it , this cat will still be lost ? Another person might take the job . Really ? Yuuki said that there are a lot of different people looking at this list , so ... Is it no good if it 's me and you , Kai ? Asuka ! Did you find out ? He came here to get an examination , they took their eyes off of him for a second , and he ran , they said . Was he sick ? No , they said that he ate something that wasn 't food or something . What ? ! No way ! That 's horrible ! They said it was after he was treated . It 's just that he doesn 't take kindly to anyone but his owner . He probably just really wanted to go home . We have to hurry up and find him ! It looks like he ran to this area after he escaped from the hospital , but ... Wait ! A bakery ? It said on the list that the turkey sandwiches here are Maron 's favorite . Turkey sandwiches ? A cat would come all the way to this shop ? Yeah , I 'm sure that he 's hungry . Let 's buy him one . It 's a dead end . That 's right ! Kai , hold this ! Hey , have you seen this cat ? We think he came this way , but ... This cat is lost , and his stomach might hurt . So , do you know him ? Hikaru also talked to her stuffed animals a lot . Does any part of you hurt ? Okay , I 'll take your temperature and give you a shot , okay ? You saw him ? He knows , Kai ! Hurry , he says it 's this way ! Asuka , you 're incredible . Your feelings got through to the dog . Yeah ! Kai , this is that cat 's hood ! Thank you ! You can 't have this , because it 's for Maron . Kai , let 's give it to him . What ? But ... He found a clue for us . I want to thank him . Well , if you say so , Asuka . Is it good ? Hey , look , Kai . It really was good to give it to him . Kai ? Maron probably went through here . Kai , there 's a door here ! Asuka , it 's open . Right . That voice ... It 's a cat 's . Kai , look , over there ! That 's it ? It has the same ribbon as in the picture , there 's no mistaking it . That picture was deceiving . Kai , please , save him ! I 'm sure that he 's stuck up there ! Okay . Come on , let 's go down . Come here ... Why ? Maron , it 's all right ! It 's all right , so calm down ! Okay ? That 's right , come on , come here . Maron , there 's no need to worry , we came here to save you . You 'll be able to go home soon ! Now , let 's go home . All right , it 's okay . Isn 't this great , Maron ? Are you all right ? You 're not hurt anywhere , right ? I 'm the one that got hurt . This cat has been alone and helpless the whole time . I think that he was just a little surprised . Yeah , I know . Even you were that way at first , Kai . You were angry at Yuuki and Dr. Asakura , and you wouldn 't eat , and you wouldn 't say anything . That was ... Your injuries have disappeared . Thank goodness . I 'm home ! Where did they go ? I want to talk about the magician living in your house . Magician ? What 's that ? Oh , Maron ! Thank you so very , very much ! Isn 't this wonderful , Maron ? This is your pay . Please accept it . What ? We don 't need money . Oh , but this is work , right ? That 's true , but ... Asuka ... Kai ... It would be best to accept it . It 's an honest reward for the job you worked so hard at , after all . Thank you very much ! This is the first time I 've worked and earned money on my own . I 'm happy for you . Yeah ! Hey , Kai ! Why don 't we use this money and buy something for Yuuki as a souvenir ? That 's a good idea , let 's go . Okay ! Has the fact that I 'm sheltering a psychic been discovered ? But by who ? And in the first place , I don 't like that the place I 'm being called to is the place that Kai and the others blew to pieces . Early , aren 't you ? Oh , it 's you . Isn 't the reason you called me out here a bit different from the usual one ? That e-mail wasn 't asking me for an interim report on my search for the Sacrament . The contents of the e-mail weren 't mistaken . We want you to hand the psychic living at your house over to us . Every month , you make a generous donation to the orphanage , don 't you ? It 's no wonder that you 've been continuing to choose jobs with a high element of risk . After all , the rewards for those are far better . So you investigated me . And so , we thought that maybe you 'd become our ally . What ? As our ally , you won 't have to worry about money any more . And it 's a reason for you to fight , so that there won 't be any more unhappy children than there already are . Whoa , hold on there . What you guerrillas are doing is the opposite . I won 't become your ally . If I can protect just my family , that 's fine . I 'll continue searching for the Sacrament , just as I have been . But I 'm not going to hand that kid over . Remember this , we need her power . Her power is special . Her ? Oh ! I 'll tell you one thing . I don 't know what outfit you saw him in , but he 's a guy . It was a white dress with honey blonde hair . Aren 't you mistaking him for a brunette in a red dress ? Listen , today I 'll pretend I didn 't see it , but stop spying on us . Honey blonde ? Hey , by magician , do you mean ... It can 't be ! Do you think this would look good on Yuuki ? It might be too flashy for Yuuki . Then how about this ? It would look good on you . Oh , Kai ! This is men 's wear ! The two of us had already started to get wet from the rapidly pouring rain We snuck out in a hurry , throwing away everything We wrapped our fingers together so that no one else could see it That 's our secret sign So take me away from here , take me right away Tonight midnight So don 't stop anymore , touch me right away Tonight , it 's true love The night that can 't return is going to begin The spinning wheel of fate turns and turns . Turn and turn , gear of destiny . The past binds you , and you lie about the present . Does the future flow for the sake of others ? Next time , E 's Otherwise , episode fourteen : " Solitary Shooting Star " Thou art the wedge that will drive this world apart , and the only hope . Solitary Shooting Star Thou art the wedge that will drive this world apart , and the only hope . Solitary Shooting Star
