 [ Man ] Hurry up ! Next time maybe take a leak before we leave work , okay , dipwads ? You read sign language , guy ? Is that your I. Q , or the number of dipwads your mother had ? Not you , too , Sandy ? Sorry , man . You got to hold it till you get home . [ Labored Breathing , Shuddering ] See you tomorrow , Sandy . [ Gasping ] [ Horn Honking ] [ Knocking ] Hey , Sandy . Chop , chop . Hey , Sandman ? - Hey , hot dog . Come on . Carpe diem . - [ Claps Hands ] [ Gasping ] [ Snarling ] - [ Screams ] - [ Scraping ] [ Snarling ] [ Screaming ] [ Mulder 's Voice ] Using a process that restores moisture to the documents , and by a reassembling of fragments , I should be able to recover ... a large percentage of the case material that was destroyed in my office fire ... several months ago . And while this process will be tedious and ongoing , what I 've already recovered will allow Agent Scully and I ... to begin work on the X-Files immediately . [ Woman ] Agent Mulder ... Agent Mulder , I 'm reading here a very pie-in-the-sky report ... about global domination plans by vicious , long-clawed spacelings ? Is there going to be data to back this vague , omnibus account ? - Yes . - I see your renowned arrogance has been left quite intact . You 're asking us to accept this report ... of a spaceship buried under polar ice ... and your death-defying escape from it ? The ice had become superheated by the ship ... as it rose beneath us , causing the ice to collapse . This story is unintelligible and encourages unintelligible analysis . I was hoping you 'd look more closely at the reports ... of my and Agent Scully 's medical conditions . These spacelings , Agent Mulder ... they weren 't something I saw in Men in Black ? I didn 't see Men in Black . Well , it 's a damn good movie . As much as this sounds like science fiction , we can and will ... prove the validity of our report . And so the plot ... I 'm just trying to get this straight ... the plot is for these spacelings to take over the planet ... aided by a group of men here on earth ? A shadow conspiracy within our own government . Who are growing corn in the middle of the desert , which features ... pollen which was genetically altered ... to hold a virus which will be taken away by bees ... whose sting transmits the virus , causing the growth ... of an extraterrestrial biological entity inside the human host ? Which we will prove now that the X-Files have been reopened . Your presumption is greater than the case you make for that eventuality . I 'm not sure I understand . You 're here to justify your reassignment on the X-Files ... with little more than a rattletrap account of high adventure in the Antarctic . Not to mention some very questionable travel expenses . Let us remind you that the F.B.I. Is not a school for science , nor for the grinding of personal axes . Hopefully , you will be able to present us with some material evidence ... to support a continued investigation . Agent Scully , who was assigned to the X-Files ... as a scientist , was stung by one of these bees and was infected with this virus . She is here today with hard and incontrovertible evidence , scientific proof that the virus she was infected with ... is , in fact , extraterrestrial . Next time I 'll wear a clown suit and do balloon tricks . - I was hoping it wouldn 't come up . - The only reason I was in there ... is because you assured me there was a scientific basis for what we saw . Let me remind you once again , what I saw was very little . That excuse is not gonna work this time . You were there , and you were infected with that virus . Yes , there is a scientific basis for what happened to me . I was exposed to a virus . But as it turns out , Mulder , that virus ... is not what you thought . I can 't identify it . I have run three separate tests . But I can tell you without a doubt that virus 's D.N.A. And proteins ... are very much of this world . I saw what that virus did . I saw it generate a new being , an alien being inside a human body . It attacks and destroys human cells , but that is all it does . It creates nothing . Look , I don 't like telling you this , and I know that you don 't want to hear it . Not that you can 't question me in what I saw , but what you can 't question is the science . There was some sloppiness in Phoenix where they found the body . The local P.D. Got involved . These were taken at the scene by a crime reporter . These were run in the press ? I trumped up a story about a crazy Indian on the loose . Never underestimate the public 's willingness to blame the red man for ... anything they can 't explain . - How did this happen ? - He was one of ours . He must 've accidentally injected himself while he was working on the virus . It took just 12 hours for the creature to gestate . This thing 's alive ? Yes . It 's killed a man . - It 's out there somewhere ? - As far as I know . God Almighty . We can 't have this thing running loose . I 'm managing the situation . You can manage all you want . Someone 's got to find this thing . Someone has to kill it . The response must be equal to the threat . Can you dispose of this problem ? Yes . You 're wasting your time . You need evidence to justify our reassignment . I 've just got to bring it back from the ashes . Nothing you might restore is gonna help you . It 's over and done . Your reassignment on the X-Files has been denied . How can it be ? We 're the only reason the X-Files were reopened in the first place . - There 's no other reason to reopen them . - I 'm not arguing with you . - Then who is ? - When will you accept ... that no amount of pressure or reason will bring to heel a conspiracy ... whose members walk these halls with absolute impunity ? Was there a vote ? Unanimous against . Excuse me . I 'm no help to you outside the majority . Inside or out , I don 't see that there 's a damn thing you can do for me . You can break their backs with proof about this virus , proof that what you say it does is true . I don 't have that proof just yet . Maybe I can give it to you . There 's a file folder . It 's on the desk in your old office . Is that something for me ... Agent Mulder ? - Yeah , if you 're doing my filing . - Your filing ? What are you doing in my office , Agent Spender ? I think there 's been a miscommunication . I think someone failed to inform you . If you 're about to tell me that you were sent down here to work on the X-Files , I think the failure is simple judgment . I don 't care what patronage got you this job . I put my life in here . I 'm not gonna let some brownnose just slide in and take it all away from me . I don 't believe in your work , in the paranormal mumbo jumbo , so don 't presume I 'm the one taking your place . - No ? Who is ? - [ Approaching Footsteps ] - Fox . - Diana . Back on your feet . Guess that 's the only way you could stab me in the back . I need the patient bandaged and dressed . We 'll be taking a trip . You want him what ? I 'm sure I don 't need to repeat myself . Please get the boy ready . - But doing that now could kill him . - Let me put it to you simply . It 's him or it 's us . I just want to remind you that by not informing local P. D ... we are in technical violation of state laws ... prohibiting contamination of a crime scene . Why do I bother ? Scully , come here and take a look at this . Ever seen anything like this ? - What are they ? - According to the investigator 's notes in the file , they 're from an attack by a Native American man on a scientist . - With what kind of weapon ? - It says in the file he used his bare hands . His bare hands ? - Mulder , this is hardwood . - Uh-huh . This kind of gouging didn 't happen with anybody 's bare hands ... not without the use of some kind of an implement . What is that ? Ah . Somebody broke a nail . - Is it animal ? - It ain 't RuPaul . The body of the other victim was found here on the sofa , his viscera torn from his torso . But the M.E. ' s report says that the times of death were hours apart , which means that this victim was dead hours before the second attack . - So the attacker never left . - There wasn 't an attack . I think it was celebrating its birthday . The first victim must 've gotten infected with the virus somehow . Right here on the sofa was where the creature was born . - Mulder ... - That would account for the violence done to the man 's torso . The virus producing an extraterrestrial biological entity ... that ripped away his chest as it birthed itself right here . Look . Given the scenario you just described , the rate of gestation would 've been less than a day . It would 've been about 12 hours , in fact . Forgive the scientific argument for a moment , but you 're saying this was done by something newborn ? That 's exactly what I 'm saying . It was here , but it 's gone now . - I should take a look . - It 's not here . Why don 't you believe me when you 're so afraid of me ? - I 'm not afraid of you . - You think I can destroy you ... for what I know , because of what I am . You 're thinking you could 've destroyed me too . And if I don 't find this creature , you will . He 'll find it . [ Mulder ] I don 't see there 's any argument here . You admit yourself that the crime report is a lie . Mulder , that doesn 't mean that I can just accept your theory . What does it take ? For this thing to come up and bite you on the ass ? I saw these creatures . I saw them burst to life . You would 've seen ' em , too , but you were infected with that virus . You were passed out over my shoulder . I know what you did . I know what happened to me . But without ignoring the science , I can 't ... Listen , Mulder . You told me my science kept you honest . That it made you question your assumptions . That by it , I 'd made you a whole person . If I change now ... it wouldn 't be right ... or honest . I 'm talking about extraterrestrial life ... alive on this planet in our lifetime ... forces that dwarf and precede all human history . I 'm sorry , Scully , but this time your science is wrong . [ Man On Boom Box ] Gray skies are gonna clear up Put on a happy face - Brush off the clouds and cheer up - Wake up , Homer . - Put on a happy face - I was awake . # # [ Continues , Indistinct ] - I was just thinking . - Yeah , that 'd be a first . You 're ten minutes late on your systems check . If there was a problem , we would 've heard about it . Like Arizona 's gonna go without air conditioning for ten minutes . # Pick out a pleasant outlook # # Stick out that noble chin # # Wipe off that full-of-doubt look # - # Slap on a happy grin # - Hey , Homer . Got something here in the bleed cooling system . # And spread sunshine all over the place # # See that ? - Five degrees off . Might be ... - Might be in the core reactor . No , no , no . It 's got to be a monitoring glitch . Phone could start ringing any minute . You might want to check it out . All right . Brush off the clouds and cheer up Put on a happy face [ Scatting ] Put on a happy face Start spreading sunshine all over the place And put on [ Squishing , Dripping ] [ Slapping ] - [ Creature Squeals ] - [ Screaming ] [ Crowd Chatter ] [ Man ] Check every inch of that reactor . [ Spender ] I want this place sealed off . Yes . Authorized officers and personnel only . This is a closed area . - What happened here , Spender ? - You 'll have to leave . We received a call that a man was killed here . A call from whom ? Assistant Director Skinner ? Let us through . You are unauthorized to be here . You 've ignored your superiors and come here without cause or permission . I 'm gonna get you censured for this and demand a review of A.D. Skinner 's actions . Diana , let us in here . I can 't . This facility has been sealed off by the N.R.C. - A man was murdered . - A workman was killed in an accident ... - in a reactor where there was a systems failure . - Then why are you here ? We were called because of a possible connection to two previous deaths ... from a case file that was stolen from our office . There is a connection . Let 's get out of here , Mulder . I hope you know what you 're doing , Diana . - I hope you know whose errands you 're running . - I think I do . You weren 't getting anywhere , Mulder . It was only making it worse . It 's here , Scully , and they know it . How do they know ? Mulder , how do you know ? Give me the keys and get in the car . Oh , my God . Gibson . Sorry , sweetie . Gibson ? Gibson ? Gibson , sweetheart . Oh , God . Frankenstein ? Really ? No . No , you 've been worked on by some good doctors . They did a fine job with your stitches . You think they were butchers . They were butchers . They should 've changed your bandages , Gibson . He 's got some swelling and some infection . And you 've got a fever . Why did they do this to you ? 'Cause I can read people 's minds . How 'd you get in our car ? When they weren 't looking , I snuck away . It 's easy when you know what they 're thinking . Why are you here ? They were using me , 'cause I can communicate with it . Communicate with what ? You already know . You just don 't want to believe it . The kid could find this thing . - Mulder , this kid belongs in a hospital . - We could get his fever down . You just can 't take him on some snipe hunt . He 's in no condition . He belongs in a bed under constant medical care . Listen to me . What I 'm saying is in your best interest , okay ? We have to take every precaution , make every effort ... to ensure that nothing happens to this boy . Because whatever he is , whatever gives him the ability to do what he does , he 's your scientific evidence , just like we said . He could be the key to everything in the X-Files . - We don 't have the X-Files . - No . But what if he could corroborate everything that you 're saying ? This boy could be our last best chance . [ Diana ] Agent Mulder . Fox , I 'm going to get out of the car . I 'm alone , all right ? - What are you doing here ? - I couldn 't say anything to you earlier . I was given this assignment , Fox , okay ? They offered it to me . - I took the chance ... - I 'm listening . To make sure someone served your interests , someone who believes in the work . Hey , you and I found the X-Files together . Don 't forget that . - Who sent you ? - I 'm here on my own . Why ? To convince me of your noble intentions ? Listen to me . That thing is somewhere inside the number four reactor building . We can let them find it and destroy it , or go find it ourselves . You need proof , Fox . You 're so close . Why can 't you see that ? - Mulder , what 's going on ? - You take Gibson . - Where are you going ? - To find this thing . [ Diana ] Agent Spender and I got a call . We were on a plane within an hour in constant contact . - With who ? - The nuclear regulatory people . N.R.C. Was first on the scene . They found the victim . But by the time we got there , it 'd been removed . We never saw the body . - Who removed it ? - I don 't know . Couldn 't get a straight answer . Then the N.R.C. Sealed off the number four reactor ... due to a problem with the heat transfer systems . I believe that was legitimate . Maybe that 's why it 's there . It wants heat . It needs heat . This thing gestated abnormally fast . What if heat activates it ? It could spur on the virus and the rapid development of the entity . - But it 's still seeking heat . Why ? - What if it 's still developing ? You 're not under the impression what we 're looking for makes sense in any conventional way ? No . You 're gonna be fine , Gibson . You 're gonna be okay . Let 's get a bed ready . - You 're gonna run more tests . - We 're gonna get you well . You say that , but you 're gonna run more tests , just like the other doctors . We have to run some more tests , Gibson . You want to make me well , but you 're just thinking about yourself and what you can learn from me . You 're a very special boy , Gibson . You know that yourself . I 'm a very special lab rat . [ Diana ] According to what little we could gather ... the victim 's body was found near here . - It 's hot in here . - We 're right above the core reactor . This is part of the heat transfer cooling system . - Looks organic . - Maybe somebody 's got the flu . - Aah ! - What ? What is it ? There 's something in there . Aah ! - [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Aah ! - [ Mulder ] Yeah . - Mulder , I found something you 're not gonna believe . - Ditto . - We did blood tests on Gibson , and there 's evidence of the virus in his system . The same virus you were exposed to ? - I 'm almost positive . - What does that mean ? I don 't know , but I think we 're onto something . We 're onto something huge . A link . - I 'll call that bet and raise you . - What ? Never mind . Just take care of Gibson . Never mind . Just take care of Gibson . There was a little boy in that room , and he 's gone . Does anybody know what happened to that little boy ? His name is Gibson Praise . He was just in that room . God ! Does anybody know what the hell is going on ? Whoa , whoa , whoa . Let 's just calm down . That little boy that I brought in is missing . - He can 't be missing . He should still be in his bed . - He 's not here ! It 's here . Where ? Somewhere . - [ Banging ] - Open the door , you son of a bitch ! Open the door , damn it ! Open it ! - Open the door , you ... - Fox ! I 'm gonna go see if there 's some other way in . Open it ! Open this door ! [ Heavy Breathing ] I told you it was here . - [ Squealing ] - [ Screams ] Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! - [ Alarm Blaring ] - [ Man Yells , Indistinct ] There he is ! Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! Gibson ! [ Maslin ] As I said , and as I am forced to reiterate , Agent Mulder , the F.B.I. Is not here for vendettas ... or for the grinding of personal axes . This holds not just for you but for everyone at the bureau . You force us to put a point on this , to make some hard changes . You and Agent Scully will cease all material association with the X-Files . Refusal to do so will end in immediate dismissal . Aprobationary period will be set . You will now report to Assistant Director Kersh . You 're not supposed to come here . It 's what was agreed to . - It 's the deal you made . - [ Cigarette-Smoking Man ] I had to congratulate you . Commend how you handled things . - How you handled Mulder . - I did what I was asked . You did well , son . He 's on very thin ice now , you know . Mulder will be back . As long as he lives , he won 't give up . There are solutions , of course . Simple but extreme solutions . I 've used these methods . They have their place . But not here . You 've killed men . You can kill a man , but you can 't kill what he stands for . Not unless you first break his spirit . That 's a beautiful thing to see . [ Door Opens ] It 'd help if you shut the door . It 'd make it harder for them to see ... that I 'm totally disregarding everything I was told . Everything we were told , Mulder . They can 't take away the X-Files , Scully . They tried . You know , Agent Fowley 's report to O.P.R. Painted the facts in an interesting way . I hope you haven 't been betrayed . Agent Fowley 's report was a means to an end . Trying to protect the work . Protect the X-Files . Mulder , Agent Fowley 's report states that the man you saw attacked ... was bludgeoned by an unknown subject . She makes no mention of a little boy who , as it happens , is nowhere to be found . It would seem that her report protects everything but you . Agent Fowley took me to that plant at great risk to herself , where I saw something that you refuse to believe in ... saw it again , Scully . And though it may not say it in her report , Diana saw it too . And no matter what you think , she 's certainly not gonna go around saying ... that just because science can 't prove it , it isn 't true . I don 't doubt what you saw , Mulder . I don 't doubt you . I 'm willing to believe , but not in a lie , and not in the opposite of what I can prove . It comes down to a matter of trust . I guess it always has . You 're asking me to make a choice ? I 'm asking you to trust my judgment . To trust me . I can 't accept that , not if it refutes what I know to be true . Mulder , these are test results , D.N.A. From the claw nail we found , matching exactly the D.N.A. From the virus you believe is extraterrestrial . That 's the connection . Which matches exactly D.N.A. That was found in Gibson Praise . I don 't understand . You 're saying Gibson Praise is infected with the virus ? No . It 's a part of his D.N.A. In fact , it 's a part of all of our D.N.A. It 's called a genetic remnant . It 's inactive junk D.N.A. , except in Gibson , it 's turned on . If that were true , that would mean that Gibson is in some part extraterrestrial . It would mean that all of us are . [ Child ] I made this ! [ Man ] We interrupt this program for a breaking news bulletin . [ Male Reporter ] Ninety miles and counting . That 's how far officers of the Nevada Highway Patrol ... have pursued the blue car on your screen ... in a wild chase right through the heart of Elko ... at speeds approaching 100 miles an hour . Live on the scene in Carlin is Chuck Pickering in the Fox 11 News chopper . Chuck , what can you tell us ? [ Pickering Over Radio ] Benjamin , we 're heading west following Route 766 , where it feeds off the l-80 . Now , just under an hour ago , troopers attempted to pull over the blue car , which we understand is stolen . That occurred on the 80 east of Wells . Now , since then , this driver has stopped for nothing and nobody . [ Buckley ] Any word yet on who the driver is ? Not at this time . What we do think , though , and what we 've passed on to the highway patrol , is that from our vantage point , we see another person in that car . See ? Right there . A hand . It-It just moved . See in the back seat ? Now , we could possibly have a hostage situation here . And obviously , the sooner they bring this vehicle to a stop ... - [ Sobbing ] - [ Sirens Wailing ] [ High-Pitched Frequency ] [ Groaning ] Unit 6 , ready at milepost 13 . [ Man ] Coming your way , 6 . [ Tires Screeching ] [ Pickering ] Well , that did the trick . The , uh , automobile seems to be coming to a stop . [ Buckley ] Chuck , what did they just use there ? It looked to be a special tire-puncturing chain . And now , the officers are approaching the car . One of them has opened the door , and he has hold of the suspect . He 's pulling him out . He-He doesn 't seem to have a weapon . [ Buckley ] Well , he may not be armed , but from our vantage point , it looks like he doesn 't wanna get out of that car . Vicky ! Vicky ! - Vicky ! - Please get it out of my head . Please . Let me go ! Let me go ! Vicky ! Vicky ! No ! [ Buckley ] The hostage appears to be okay . The highway patrol has her now , but Chuck , it looks like that driver is still fighting . [ Pickering ] Yes , he 's definitely putting up a bit of a fight . He seems to be a man with a few choice words on the subject , as you can see . They 're trying to restrain him . I tell you what . We 're gonna move back and try to get a wider angle . See , there 's the woman . What the heck ? She 's ... Vicky ! - Vicky ! - [ Groaning ] There , see ? She 's banging her head against the window . - What the hell just happened ? - [ Man ] Hey ! Cut ! - Yeah ? - [ Scully ] Uh , Virgil Nokes ? I 'm Agent Scully . This is Agent Mulder . We 're with the F.B.I. - Jehovah 's Witness ? - No , sir . Federal Bureau of Investigation . But we do have a free copy of The Watchtower for you , if you 'd like . Uh , sir , this is just a routine check , but , uh , we understand that you recently placed an order for 5,000 pounds ... of ammonium nitrate fertilizer . Oh , you people . Come on in . - Sugar beets . - Excuse me ? I grow sugar beets . I figure I got better things to do with my fertilizer ... than go around blowin' government buildings sky high . No , well , as we said , sir , this is just routine . So routine it numbs the mind . I 've got my AG card and my papers around here somewhere . - [ Man On TV ] ... strange death on a Nevada highway . - Help me look for ' em , will ya ? As we reported earlier , a wild police pursuit ended in tragedy this morning ... with the death of a 36-year-old female hostage . This was the scene west of Elko , Nevada one hour ago , - as the hostage died mysteriously while in custody . - Scully , take a look at this . We once again want to warn our viewers , this footage is extremely graphic . [ Pickering ] Now , the hostage is still inside the car . It appears as though she 's banging her head against the window . [ Reporter ] At this time , highway patrol officials ... are refusing to identify the woman or to speculate on how she died , though they do stress it was not the result of a gunshot . A preliminary coroner 's report isn 't expected for a day or more . Meanwhile , residents of northern Nevada ... Thank you , Captain . That 's no problem . We 'd be happy to help . - Mm-hmm . See you soon . - We 'll be happy to help what ? Mulder , we 're not going to Nevada . - Come on , Scully . Just one quick side trip . - No . Sorry , Mulder . We have a whole new assignment . Running down people that buy fertilizer ? This is scut work . Bozo work . This is the F.B.I. Equivalent of being made ... to wear an orange jumpsuit and pick up trash by the side of the highway . They mean to humiliate us . Look , Mulder , like it or not , humiliated or not , we 're on domestic terrorism now . And yes , this is ... this is a punishment . But if we wanna get back to where we wanna be , we have to follow orders . - We can 't freelance . - You saw that news report . What did you make of that ? I think that the obvious assumption is that the woman was shot , regardless of what the police say . - Maybe it was a sniper . - In the words of their captain , " She just sort of popped . " And what about this guy who supposedly tried to take her hostage ? Her husband ? Looked to me like he was trying to warn the cops before she died . Now , the sun will rise in America tomorrow , regardless of whether or not we 're at yet another farm ... investigating yet another enormous pile of doo-doo . We can be in and out in a day . Nobody has to know . [ High-Pitched Frequency ] [ Gasping ] S-S-Somebody ! Please ! It 's starting ! Please ! - Why can 't we see him ? - Well , hopefully later . He pitched quite a fit in his cell ... screamin ' a bunch of nonsense that we were gonna kill him the way we killed his wife . You know , he 's not a particularly stable individual . - Captain , he may need medical attention . - He 's getting it . Our doctor 's with him now . I mean , after whatever happened to his wife ... which I 'd like to stress was not our fault ... we 're not gonna take any chances , you know ? Patrick Garland Crump of Montello , Nevada . [ Mulder ] 40-year-old roofer . No history of mental illness . - No prior record . - He 's got one now . That Barracuda he jacked on the Utah state line ? He yanked some teenager out of the window , threw his wife in back and took off . Excuse me . What do you think ? I 'm thinking while we 're here , I might take a look at Mr. Crump 's wife . I 'm gonna stay here and see if I can see Crump . Captain , where 's Montello ? Little town right here . So that 's where it started ... that 's Crump 's home . Then he headed east in this direction on the 5 ... about ten miles to the Utah border , where he stole the car . - You got it . - But you caught up with him in Wells . Where 's that ? That 's here . So that means that he started off in this direction . Then all of a sudden , he turned around and he headed west to Wells . Why ? The former VickyJenkins Crump . I 'm hoping you can tell me what I 'm looking at , 'cause this is a new one on me . There 's no gunpowder residue . No carbon stippling . There seems to be no evidence of an entry wound whatsoever . There is none . It 's all exit . But how that could be ... I 'm finding what look like fragments of petrous bone ... embedded in the remaining portion of the auditory canal . In fact , I seem to be looking straight through ... to the osseous labyrinth , or what 's left of it . It 's almost like a little bomb went off in her ear . - May I ? - Please . There seems to be some kind of tumefaction within the lateral sinus . [ Gasps ] Look out . Can you give us a little room here ? No , he just went rammy on me . AccuChek is normal . We did a Narcan push , but he keeps gettin ' worse . I.V. Beta blocker and topical nitro . I don 't know if you 're gonna get to talk to this fellow after all . Five 's a crowd , buddy . [ Siren Wailing ] [ Monitor Beeping Rapidly ] - [ Beeping Slows ] - Whoa . Something must 've worked . - Heart rate 's dropping . - B.P. ' s headed south . - I don 't understand . What 'd you just do ? - Hell if I know . But I 'll take it . [ Tires Screeching ] [ Sighs ] Oh , God . [ Line Ringing ] Come on , Mulder . Hey , you , out ! This lab is quarantined ! Go ! - Mulder ? - [ Mulder ] Yeah ? Mulder , it 's me . You know how to pick ' em , I 'll tell you that . Look , I have no idea what killed this woman , - but I have to assume it 's communicable . - Yeah ? Another body has been found just outside of Montello . Same apparent cause of death . Some kind of massive aneurysm or rupture . - Uh-huh . - And Mulder , I 've called the C.D.C. They 're on their way , but Patrick Crump may be infected . So you need to quarantine his cell and make sure ... that anybody who 's had any close contact with him whatsoever ... has been quarantined as well , and that means you , Mulder . You 're to have no contact with him whatsoever . [ Sighs ] Mulder ? - Well , that 's gonna be a little tough , Scully . - [ Sirens Wailing ] Drive . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Where are they ? - Route 789 , heading west . We 're keeping ' em in visual , plus we 're in phone contact , not to mention the strings we 've pulled with stations ... - to keep this thing off local TV . - Where are they going ? Crump won 't say . Wherever it is , though , he ain 't gettin ' there . - We 'll see to that . We 'll shut him down east of Tuscarora . - Roadblock ? Nice , clean , remote space we can own . All right . I want the C.D.C. On site . I want the officers making the arrest to be wearing ... level two or better anti-contamination suits . I want the car decontaminated . I want Agent Mulder and Crump decontaminated , - and I want them quarantined separately . - You got it . [ Inaudible ] Crump says that if we don 't pull back our escort , he 's gonna shoot your partner . Just leave me the hell alone ! Now ! How about if , uh , we just pull over and let me out too , huh ? I must be cramping your style . Just shut up . It 's you people . It figures . - What figures ? - Shut up . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] Hey ! No ! No ! That is ... so stupid , Crump . - That is so stupid . - Shut up ! You shut up and drive . You understand ? - What are you doing ? - What ? What am I doing ? - What the hell are you doing ? - I 'm composing a sonnet . What does it look like I 'm doing ? I 'm slowing down for a light . Go ! Go ! [ Horns Honking ] Crump ? Is this what happened to your wife ? This same thing ? If you stop moving , you die ? I think I saw this movie . Why didn 't you tell anybody ? Why didn 't you tell the police ? Oh , geez . Look , I don 't know how well you recall the last 30 seconds , but your life is in my hands regardless of whether or not you hold that gun . - It 's right here , boy . - Just tell me everything you know . - That may be the only way I can help you . - You people put me here ! Shut up ! I 'm guessing we got two or three miles before the roadblock . What roadblock ? I got rid of the cops . Check your window . Man , if we get stopped ... [ Woman Over Police Radio ] Please be advised pursuit now headed west on 80 . Fourteen , come in . Fourteen , be advised vehicle 's heading your way . [ Man Over Radio ] Subject 's turning off 789 ... about a mile east of your position and is heading north on a fire road . - Looks like he 's gonna miss you . - Say what ? What 's the report , Captain ? They lost ' em . They were last seen on a forestry service road . Trees were too thick . Our helicopter lost sight of 'em . - Well , how did Crump know to avoid the roadblock ? - That 's the question . I was hoping your Agent Mulder would manage to steer him toward it , but ... Well , maybe Agent Mulder steered him away from it . Why would he do that ? Maybe he knew something that we don 't . [ Man ] Agent Scully , I 've got the cell cultures from the second victim . Anything ? So far , I 'm seeing no evidence of infection in either victim . So then , we 're in the clear ? No . No , not necessarily . - I mean , something killed these people . - [ Cell Phone Ringing ] I 'm sorry . Excuse me . Scully . [ Woman ] Agent Scully , please hold for Assistant Director Kersh . - [ Kersh ] Agent Scully . - Yes , sir . How 's southern Idaho ? Agent Scully ? Southern Idaho ? Think carefully . Sir , I am not currently in the state of Idaho . - No , you 're not . - In the course of prosecuting our assignment in Idaho , Agent Mulder and I came across a situation in Nevada ... which we both strongly felt needed our immediate attention . I eagerly await your report . In the meantime , agents of our Las Vegas field office ... will be available to assist you in tracking down Agent Mulder . - Thank you , sir . - Oh , Agent Scully . I think at this point I want to see him alive even more than you do . [ Line Clicks ] Can I see that for a minute ? This man worked at Silver State Power reading meters . - Yes . - What if he read the meter at Vicky Crump 's place ? Crump ? Crump , what else can you tell me about what 's happening to you ? Mr. Crump . You call me by my last name , you say " Mister " in front of it . Mister . Got you . Not Crump . Mr. Crump . I can think of something else I 'd like to call you . I could put " Mister " in front of that too , if you 'd like . You know , what kind of name is Mulder anyway ? What is it , like ... likeJewish ? - Excuse me ? - Jewish . It is , right ? It 's Mr. Mulder to you , you peanut-pickin ' bastard . Now , Mr. Crump , what can you tell me about what 's happening ... - [ Yells ] - What ? - You 're goin ' ... the wrong way . - What do you mean , this is the wrong way ? - Go this way ! Go this ... Go this way ! - I can 't ... I can 't go left . There 's only trees there . - [ Yelling ] - Crump ! [ Yelling Continues ] [ Horn Honking ] [ Yelling ] Crump ? It 's west , huh ? West . You gotta head west . It 's just like you did with your wife . You took her and you headed west . It 's not just motion . It has to be in one direction . Is that right ? What the hell happened to you ? Okay , I want a thorough search ... - with an eye to the usual disease factors . - [ Man ] You got it . [ Screaming ] [ Dog Barking ] I think we 're witnessing the same pathology here . [ Barking , Yelping ] - We need to get a blood sample . - Yeah . Let 's go . - Hold him down ! - [ Dog Yelps ] Try to hold him still . Let me sedate him . [ Yelps ] [ Mulder ] One more time . You woke up this morning . Then what ? We have been through this . You woke up this morning , but you didn 't go to work . Why ? It was raining . You don 't shingle in the rain . I was up at 6 : 00 reading the paper . What was your wife doing ? Cooking , man . Breakfast . She was just putting breakfast on the table when the ... - You looked up . - I looked up , and I saw that she had this nosebleed she didn 't even know she had . - What caused it ? - What do I ... Am I like Quincy ? How the hell should I know what caused it ? It just happened . Ten , fifteen minutes later , she just ... starts getting sick . Said she got a headache that just ... keeps gettin ' worse and worse . She starts ... screamin ' . I didn 't know what the hell to do . I just , uh ... I got her in the truck and ... taken her to the hospital . But then it seemed like the faster we went , the better she 'd do . But just as soon as I try to slow down or stop ... I 'm sorry about your wife . Sure you are , you and the rest of yourJew F.B.I. - Crump ... - Oh , yeah . You think I don 't know , huh ? You think I 'm just some ignorant pud-knocker , don 't you ? But I get it , man ! I see what this is . I am not sick , and I do not have the flu . Vicky and me were just some kind of ... government guinea pigs . - You think the government did this to you ? - Oh , hell , yeah . Who else ? You see it all the time on the TV . They 're dropping Agent Orange , they 're puttin ' radiation in little retarded kids gonads . Oh , yeah . You sons of bitches sneakin 'around my woods at night . I seen you . You think I don 't know ? Well , on behalf of the InternationalJewish Conspiracy , I just need to inform you that we 're ... almost out of gas . The trailer looks clean . No readily apparent vectors . Dogs , housewives . Whatever this thing is , it doesn 't discriminate . There are zoonotic pathogens which spread among species . Look at that . The Crumps have a neighbor . [ Knocking ] Hello ? Hello ? Doctor ? Hello ? Hello ? [ Man On TV , Indistinct ] [ Screaming ] Oh , no , it ... It 's okay , ma 'am . It 's okay . - Who are you ? - It 's all right . I 'm sorry . [ Mumbling Incoherently ] - [ Mumbling Continues ] - It 's okay . It 's okay . - Hey , Crump , we got about one more mile . - [ Dings ] I 'll make it fast . You ready ? Here goes nothing . Turn on the pump ! Number four ! Three ! - [ Groaning ] - Number three ! Turn it on ! You gotta pay before you pump , buddy . [ Engine Starts ] Hey , damn it , that 's my car ! Where in the hell do you think you 're goin ' ? Damn it ! Stop ! [ Muttering ] We 're gonna take care of you . Watch your step , now . We just have to examine you . One deaf woman survives unscathed , while everything else around her dies . Why ? Wait . What are you doin ' ? The pathology of this thing ... it affects the inner ear . And this area right here is ground zero . What if what we 're looking for is some kind of a sound ? Seriously ? [ Cell Phone Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] Excuse me . - Scully . - It 's Van Gelder . Agent , I don 't know what the hell your partner 's thinking , but not only is he actively evading my officers , now he 's stolen a car . - Come again ? - You heard right . He left behind a crazy note addressed to you . You there ? Yeah , yeah , yeah . Read it to me . " Crump sick . Will die if stopped , same as wife . Must head west to keep alive . No roadblocks . " Exclamation point . This make any sense to you ? Take him at his word . - Let him through . - Let him through ? Look , no offense , Agent Scully , but how about you run that by your superiors ? 'Cause frankly , I think they 'll say different . I 'll take that under advisement . [ Van Gelder Continues , Indistinct ] [ Static , Line Breaking Up ] Faster . - I 'm doin ' 70 . - Man , you gotta go faster . It 's getting worse . Yeah , yeah , that 's good . Okay . Hey , uh , theJew stuff ? No offense . I mean , uh , a man can 't help who he 's born to . That was an apology , right ? Gee , I don 't know if I can see to drive . My eyes are tearing up so bad . Whatever , man . Why are you doing this ? - Why am I doing what ? - This . It 's not in your best interest to make me question that right now . How do I know you ain 't doing exactly what they want you to ? Hmm ? Driving me all around creation , experimenting ' on me . How do I know it ain 't that ? I guess you don 't . I ain 't saying you are . I 'm just saying that 's no way to treat a man , take away his dignity like that . It ain 't right . Better just to kill him . That 's all I 'm saying . Hey , you gotta stay alive if you wanna stick it to the government . If you die , you let them off the hook . Am I right ? Huh ? You 're right . You 're damn straight . We 'll figure this out . You 'd better figure quick . We 're runnin ' out of west . Lieutenant Breil ? My name is Dana Scully . I called in regards to the electrical equipment ... - the navy is maintaining in the town of Montello . - Right . Listen , I don 't know if there 's been some miscommunication ... between you and your Washington office , but , uh ... - My Washington office ? - Yeah . I was under the impression that I 'd explained this to the F.C.C. ' s satisfaction . Oh . I 'm-I 'm ... so sorry to make you run through it again , uh , for my official report to the , uh , to the F.C.C. Okay . At 6 : 17 yesterday morning ... during a test of our ground conduction radio system , a situation arose in which our equipment experienced a brief power surge . That 's what interrupted television reception in the four-state area . However , steps have already been taken to ensure this won 't happen again . The ground conduction radio ... that-that would be Project Seafarer ? The specifics of what we do here are classified , ma 'am . Sure , sure . Um ... would you happen to know what effect such a surge might have ... on , uh , on an organism ? Say , um , say a human being ? Theoretically speaking . Theoretically speaking ? Well , that 's classified as well , ma 'am . Crump ? - Mr. Crump . - Mr. Crump . What is it , Mr. Mulder ? Mulder , are you okay ? Yeah , aside from terminal cell phone withdrawal . That and I gotta pee . Where are you ? I 'm just about to board a Justice Department jet . Hopefully , I 'll overshoot you . - Headed where ? - I don 't know , Mulder . You tell me . I 'm guessing wherever the hell Route 36 ends . But we can 't stop , Scully , and I 'm kind of at a loss as to what to do next . [ Sighs ] Well , I think I have a loose theory as to what caused this . - Well , lay it on me . - Okay . Mulder , you know what E.L.F. Waves are ? - Extremely low frequency radio transmissions ? - Yeah . It uses an antenna , like , 50 miles long . The military uses it to communicate with the trident submarine . Project Seafarer , Project Haarp . Well , Seafarer has an antenna array ... stretching beneath the edge of Patrick Crump 's property . Now , E.L.F. Fields have been shown ... to produce biological effects in human tissue ... inducing electrical currents , altering chemical reactions . Not to mention that it 's a potential weapons application . It 's been referred to as " electrical nerve gas , " or may be behind the so-called " Taos Hum . " What if some overload ... some-some hum from this system ... could somehow match the resonant frequency of the human skull ? I mean , what if it could induce a like hum ... that could somehow exert a rising pressure ... on the labyrinth of the inner ear , in a sense shattering it ? But with constant movement somehow ameliorating that pressure , making it bearable . But why only westward movement ? I don 't know , Mulder . I don 't know . I mean ... I mean , maybe it has to follow certain lines of force , electrical or magnetic . But the big question , Scully , is what do we do about it ? Well , I think I know , Mulder , but it 's nothing that Mr. Crump is gonna like . We 'll be there . What ? Well , whether they did this to you intentionally or not , you were right . They did it to you . So what do we ... what do we do ? Your one chance is that we meet my partner at the end of the highway . There , she will insert a long , large-bore needle into your inner ear , hopefully relieving the pressure . And when we get there , she 's gonna have to work fast . She 's only gonna have one chance . She 's not gonna be able to use any anesthetic , and it will probably leave you deaf . But I 'll live , right ? Well , that 's what it 's all about . All right , man , let 's do it . Mr. Mulder , could you go a little faster , please ? - Just a little more is all I need . - Sure . Just a little bit faster . [ Siren Wailing ] Get ready ! [ Kersh ] " Justice Department jet . " 2.6 turbine hours round trip at $ 1,400 an hour . " Car rental . Over mileage , out-of-state use penalties ... " $ 346 . " Compensation to one Walter R. Duncan ... for unauthorized use of his 1968 Caprice station wagon ... $ 500 . " Why don 't you bill me ? I 'll bill your partner instead . You too obviously relish the role of martyr . Okay , so are we done here ? Back to the bozo work investigating huge piles of manure ? You can always quit . - [ Door Slams Shut ] - [ Sighs ] Sir , Agent Mulder has been through a lot . And you apologize for him a lot . I 've noticed that about you . I 'm not apologizing for this . Because of his work , the D.O.D. Is shutting down ... their antenna array in northeastern Nevada . Our participation in this case has saved lives . I don 't see you proving that . The Department of Defense ... admits no culpability whatsoever . Furthermore , they say the closing of the facility was coincidental . Right . Don 't misunderstand me , Agent . I don 't care if you and your partner ... saved a school bus full of doe-eyed urchins on their way to Sunday Bible camp . You no longer investigate X-Files . You are done . And the sooner you and Mulder come to recognize that , the better for both of you . - Big piles of manure . - [ Door Slams Shut ] [ Child ] I made this !
