 A Daiei / Nippon Television Network / Hakuhodo / lMAGlCA Production Change course - direction , 120 degrees Roger , hard to port Hard to port I need navigational information It all began one day , without warning . Like this ... Still no answer at Taguchi 's ? No lt 's been a week , he must have his reasons It shouldn 't take a whole week to work on that disk No ... Something 's wrong Maybe I should see if he 's OK I just got the creeps What ? I don 't know , I just feel like something 's wrong Like something 's ... horribly wrong What 's up with Taguchi ? I don 't know lf we don 't get that disk now , we 're in real trouble The deadline 's tomorrow I know that What am I supposed to do ? We haven 't heard a thing I think I 'd better go see how he 's doing A Kiyoshi Kurosawa film Taguchi ? KAlRO ( Pulse ) Hey , you are here Hey . Michi ... I was worried about you , you haven 't called Right , sorry Did you finish working on that disk ? Yeah , it 's somewhere in that pile You OK ? Are you sick ? No ... What have you been up to , all on your lonesome ? We 're friends Yeah ... stuff ... Help yourself to the disk You ought to label your disks This it ? The one marked Work File ? Taguchi ? Michi Oh , Junco You OK ? Was it awful ? I 'm fine I 'd say it 's break time Oh , I forgot , here Thanks It 's so upsetting I don 't know what he was so depressed about He never said anything , so what could we have done ? Maybe . He suddenly just wanted to die I get that way sometimes It 's so easy to hang yourself Hey ! Why so gloomy Oh , sorry About Taguchi ? It 's just ... If only I 'd ... He seemed like the Taguchi I know I never imagined he 'd do something like that Time to put it behind us Besides , it wasn 't yourfault Yeah ... Say ... Would you take a look ? At what ? Taguchi 's disk What is it ? It 's Taguchi 's place ls that Taguchi ? Yeah , I think so Look What 's going on ? Isn 't that the same scene ? I can 't tell Hey . Look That 's a face ... A reflection You 're right Can you blow it up ? Let me see ... That was Taguchi wasn 't it ? Sure seems like it What 's going on ? Maybe something strange is going on Strange ? I don 't know I don 't even care anymore Something 's definitely not right A message in a bottle launched 10 years ago by a boy on Tanegashima Island . Was recently discovered on a beach in Malaysia some 4,000kms away Hikono Koichi was a 4th graderwhen he sent off his message Members of a local group , cleaning up the beach , a sea turtle habitat , discovered the bottle by accident I never imagined it would find it 's way to some foreign country I was shocked to get an answer after 10 years The group located Hikono through his former elementary school Next , the National Weather Service forecasts another unseasonably hot summer , it 's the 3rd for eastern Japan ... forwestern Japan ... Northern Japan ... will ... " Welcome to the Internet " No , this way , here OK Next , OK Next " Have Fun " OK I 'll have fun Done " OK " What 's this crap ? Yes , I agree Next ... What ? I guess that 's OK Next again , huh What ? What the ... oh well ... What the hell ... Hey ... this ... Who 's ... what 's ... Would you like to meet a ghost ? Stupid crap ! What the ... Maybe you should change the size on this batch file Using the variable ? Yeah So you 'll find it 's property , right ? Oh , conventional memory Right See So that 's how you do it Say ... Can the internet dial you up itself ? You in computer science ? No , economics , no relation Huh ... Sounds like a hacker A hacker ... Huh ... lt said " Do you want to meet a ghost ? " Some website like that A ghost , huh ... Which website was that ? What ? Something about meeting ghosts ? I don 't really know. lt just appeared last night Know the address ? What ? Um ... address ? I see Windows ? Yeah Open the Explorer log ... Oh , no , no , I really don 't know anything about computers The next time the site shows up , click on it to bookmark it Not so fast Click ... Can you repeat that ? Click on it Click ... on ... it ... To bookmark it To ... Bookmark it lf that doesn 't work , You know the print screen key ? Yeah , this one ? Try pressing it lf it doesn 't work ... Print screen key Press the ... Print screen ... Got it Let me know ? Sure See you Don 't botherwith that Mom What ? Sure Are you eating this junk again ? It 's not good foryou I 'm going now Have you called yourfather ? Nope I see ... but what if you get in trouble ? I can 't rush over lt 's awkward for me to see him , but you should Forget it . He 's out of the picture He lives here in Tokyo But Tokyo 's huge l know , but ... I 'm fine. I 've got my friends You sure ? I guess you 'll be alright then You 're so trusting and get carried away ... Hello Hello Help ... Help ... Help ... Who 's this ? Help ... What is this ... The Forbidden Room Taguchi ? What happened , Taguchi ... What ? What am I saying ? What happened to Yabe ? Try his house ? No answer Huh ... I hope nothing 's wrong Oh no , what 's he up to ? I 've got to go see him No ! Don 't go ! He 'll turn up . He 'll come if we wait ! Nothing strange has happened yet Yeah ... Let 's just act normal Yeah , at least fortoday Sorry , I 'm late Sure , sure Where were you ? Why didn 't you call ? Hey ! Can you believe , he 's ignoring us ! What 's going on ? Who cares ... What do I do now ? Click it , and bookmark it Doesn 't work lf that doesn 't work , press the print screen key There Hi You 're the one ... Um ... Kawashima Kawashima Yeah , Kawashima I 'm KarasawaHarue Harue san , Harue san How 'd it go ? Well , it came back again Really ? Yeah And , I pressed that print screen key ... Right Can I come over and check it out ? Yeah , sure , absolutely fine I just need a minute Um ... What 's this ? That ? Something we programmed here lf two dots get too close , they die , but if they get too far apart , they 're drawn closer Huh ... what 's it for ? A miniature model of ourworld ... But only the grad student who designed it understands it I wouldn 't ... Suggest staring at it too long Sorry , it 's a mess Thank you There you go Thank you Getting the data ? Yeah , almost set What got you started on the internet ? Nothing in particular ... You don 't like computers , right ? No Wanted to connect with other people ? Maybe ... I don 't really know Everybody else is into it People don 't really connect , you know What ? Like those dots simulating humans We all live totally separately That 's how it seems to me Oh ... Huh ... I wonder ... Yabe ... Kudo san Yes Can you move these orchids into the greenhouse ? Yes Um , boss ... Yes ? Isn 't Yabe acting strange ? You think so ? Can I go check on him ? Fine , but ... lt might be a waste of time Words said in friendship with the best of intentions always wind up hurting yourfriends deeply And then you wind up getting hurt is friendship always that way ? If that 's so , what 's left ? If I were you ... Who needs friends like that A courageous choice in itself Are you OK ? Did something happen ? If something happened , let 's talk about it Both Junco and I , are really worried I saw ... Aface ... What ? A horrible face ... I 've never seen anything like it ... What are you saying ? What did you see ? The Forbidden Room Forbidden Room ? What 's that ? is that ... The room with the red tape ? Don 't dare go in there ! Please , tell me What happened ? I 'm cold Yabe ... Are you OK ? Exit Harue Hi I don 't really use the library much Couldn 't find the way out Phantoms You reading this ? Yeah ls it related to yourwork in the lab ? Yeah Huh ... Do you have a minute ? What ? Sure Come Isn 't it strange ? Yeah ... sort of ... Almost like ghosts , right ? You 're right , they 're like ghosts Sometimes , these turn up At first , they look like the other dots What are they ? I don 't know A bug ? No That website ... What ? Oh , what happened with that ? Nothing ... yet ... Huh ... But I think they 're related ... I 'm sure they 're related You think ? Let me know if anything happens Yeah , sure Karasawa san l need you to check this Yes And you are ? My friend , Kawashima Huh ... The grad student , Yoshizaki san Hello I forgot to give you my number Oh , right Call me , OK ? Right Anytime , OK ? Yeah Thank you " Everyone dies , therefore there 's no logical reason for ghosts not to exist ... " " How many ghosts have ... " " existed since prehistoric times ... " Do you see it too ? Sure you do , because it 's really there Who is that ? You 'll have to catch him to find out Start right now , and you might succeed Have a go ? What ? Why don 't you , right now He disappeared I see He must be a student ... I don 't know him Maybe you 're right . Sorry I encouraged you See you wait a minute Just what was that ? I 'm cold ... The spirit ... Or consciousness , the soul , whateveryou want to call it , it turns out the realm they inhabit has a finite capacity Whetherthat capacity accommodates billions ortrillions , eventually , it will run out of space Once it 's filled to the brim , it 's got to overflow somehow , somewhere But where ? The souls have no choice but to ooze into another realm , that is to say , ourworld Maybe , at first ... it started with something really simple Once that realm reached critical mass , any device would have sufficed Thrown it togetherwith the means and materials at hand That 's how I see it Excuse me , do you have any tape ? Anything 'll do , some tape How 's this ? Thank you After many hours or days , or many weeks , it finally happens Through that process , it spreads around the world But now they 're no longerthe faint presence they began as You saw one yourself I don 't believe your stories Right , sorry , it 's all hypothetical Thanks forthe tea Are you OK ? Just fine But if this really happened , there 's no turning back No matter how simple the device , once the system 's complete , it 'll function on its own and become permanent ln otherwords , the passage is now open ... that 's how it looks Hello Oh , I see , our boss isn 't there ? Yes , I understand lf he does stop by , will you please ask him to call us ? Yes , thank you very much Michi . What do you think 's going on ? Why 's everyone disappearing ? Oh , hello , this is Sunny Plant Sales calling Thank you foryour business ls our boss there with you by any chance ? Oh , I see ... Thank you , and excuse me I 'll go look for him Wait , Junco , wait Yes . Hello ... Boss ? Help Yabe ! Are you Yabe ? Yabe ! Help me ... Help me ... Help ... Help ... Junco ... Junco ! Junco , no ! Junco ! Are you OK ? Are you OK ? Junco Help me ... Help me ... Help me ... Junco ! Look , I 'm right here I 'm right here , it 's OK Excuse me KarasawaHarue tel : 090 - 4079 - 2677 What are you doing , Harue ! You 're dripping wet ! They went away ... They 've all disappeared ... They always do ... I have to run away ... Run away somewhere ... Harue ! Hey . Harue ! Listen , Harue ! Harue ! Calm down ! Harue ! Thank you ... I always wondered what it 's like to die ... From when I was really little ... I was always alone Any parents orfamily ? Sure , but they 're irrelevant Right ... That after death , you live happily with everyone overthere Can we stop talking about this ? But it may be true Sure , but ... Then in high school it dawned on me you might be all alone after death , too There 's no way to know How could you ? The idea was so terrifying I couldn 't even bear it That nothing changes with death , just right now , forever is that what becoming a ghost is about ? You can 't mess with that. lt 's really bad What have ghosts got to do with us ? Besides , we 're alive Then , who are they ? Are they really alive ? How are they different from ghosts ? Infact , ghosts and people are the same , whetherthey 're dead or alive It 's not right. lt 's wrong They 're all crazy Nobody knows what happens when you die All this about ghosts , but I won 't believe in them , even if I see one But I do know , that I 'm definitely alive and so are you , Harue That 's for sure , right ? So I don 't want to think about the fact we 'll die someday Just maybe ... ln 10 years , or at least while we 're still alive , they 'll invent a drug that prevents death Then , we could live forever and ever Of course you might think I 'am crazy to say that , but ... I 'd rather bet on that You want to live forever ? Yeah That sounds like fun ? Yeah ... That 's what I think Huh ... Maybe I 've got it all wrong No ... lt 'll turn out just like you say I 'm sure What ? Ghosts won 't kill people Because that would just make more ghosts lsn 't that right ? Instead , they 'll try to make people immortal By quietly ... trapping them in their own loneliness Help ... Help ... Junco , it 'll be OK lt 'll be OK OK ... I fell asleep ... How do you feel ? Yeah Something to drink ? How about some coffee ? Michi ... What ? Am I just going to die like this ? Of course not That 's right ... I 'll just keep on living , all alone ... What ? No Junco ! Junco Junco ! Why ! Why ! Junco , don 't go ! Junco Mother ? Mother ? Mother ! I 'll be right there Harue ... Harue ! Hey ... Kawashima ... take me with you I 'm scared to be alone Take me somewhere OK , sure Where to ? Somewhere far away Out of Order Shit , let 's just go ! There 's no one ... No ... Where did everyone go ? I 'm here I 'm here beside you Even if , there 's no one else , it doesn 't matter We are both definitely here Guess that 's true ... What happened ! I 've got to go back ! What ? No ! We 've come this far ! But this is the end of the line That 's not true. lt 'll start moving I 'll go check with the driver . Come with me OK , but promise you 'll wait right here I 'll be right back . Promise Harue ! The Forbidden Room Construction Materials - red tape I 'm ... Not alone ... Harue . It 's me , Kawashima Harue ! Listen ! Listen , what do you say to this ... The two of us live together That way , we can always be together lf we keep living alone , we 'll just get worse and worse because we 're weak We 'll balance each other out How about living that way ? Would you try it with me ? What do you think , Harue ! Listen ! Harue ! Harue ! Harue ! Tokyo : Missing Sakai Mitsuo , age 35 Tokyo : Missing Yamazaki Naoko , age 6 Kanagawa : Missing Hirayama Michio , age 80 Kanagawa : Missing Kawahara Takumi , age 25 Saitama : Missing Tomioka Shigeki , age 8 Tokyo : Missing Yoshida Tomoko , age 21 Tokyo : Missing Nakajima Kumi , age 5 Kanagawa : Missing Kitaoka Eri , age 3 Tokyo : Missing Fukuda Tatsuya , age 57 Um ... are you OK ? Breakdown ? Yeah Want some ? You are ? Oh , me ? Um ... What are you doing here ? What am I doing here ... You ? So neitheryour dad noryour mom made it through ... No ... So many things happened at once , it 's impossible to sort them all out Yeah Me too . My head 's all messed up So you 're a student , Kawashima ? Yeah Lucky you I don 't think so Here Oh , thanks ... And you ? I had a job Wow , amazing Nothing amazing Did you have any friends ? Friends ? Maybe one , I guess What was she like ? What ? I don 't really know ... I never really found out ... Where is she ? Somewhere ... OK , try starting it OK , good Why don 't you look for her ? What ? She 's still somewhere , right ? You 've got to help herthen But ... Let 's go find her. I 'll help you This is the last stop ... Afterthat we go as far as we can I can sort of see ... The future ... " Help " Look overthere An abandoned factory ? I wonder ... Shall we try it ? Listen , even if you see a door sealed with red tape , don 't go near it , OK ? I know You OK ? Look ... at this Look ... overthere Kawashima Harue ! Watch out ! What happened , Harue ! What are you doing with that ? Let 's get out of this place , together Together ? Yeah C 'mon , hand it over Harue ! Harue ! Oh , no , a hospital ... Harue ! Don 't die ! C 'mon ! Please ! Help me ! Harue ! We couldn 't save her ... No ... We 're out of gas ... I 'll get some , there was gas back there You 'll be OK ? Wait for me. I 'll be OK Forever ... Death was ... Eternal loneliness ... Help Help Help Don 't ask me ! What 's that got to do with me ! Forever ... Death was ... Eternal loneliness ... You 're not real I refuse to acknowledge ... Never ... I refuse to acknowledge death ! I know I 'll catch you Then you 'll disappear That 's it , right ! Right ! You can 't beat me ! I am ... Real ... Kawashima ! What is it ? Forget it ... Let 's go ... lt 's too much ... What ... Are you doing ? You went in there ... Me ? Yeah , I did . But I 'm fine Don 't cry You want to go back ? To what 's left ofHarue ? That make you feel better ? If that 's what you want , I 'll go with you No ... Let 's go ... As far as we can go Are you sure about that ? Yeah Can you get out ? You OK ? Be careful Wait here . OK ? Death comes to us all ... lf so , maybe we would have been happier , had we gone with the rest But we chose to keep going into the future ... We 'll head for Latin America We 're still getting signals there Though they 're pretty weak We 've got to give it a try , no matterwhat we find If anyone 's survived , we can head out again and go as far as we can C 'mon , be strong Have I done the right thing ? Yes Are you sure ? Yes You 're doing the right thing Now , alone with my last friend in the world , I have found happiness " My blue weapon " Cast Kawashima : KATO Haruhiko Michi : ASO Kumiko Harue : KOYUKl " have rusted away " Junco : ARlSAKA Kurume Yabe : MATSUO Masatoshi The Boss : SUGATA Shun Taguchi : MlZUHASHl Keni The Ghost : SHlONOYA Masayuki " On the roof The Worker : AlKAWA Show Michi 's mother : FUBUKl Jun " has only eaten the sweet words " Yoshi zaki : TAKEDA Shinji " Won 't come back " The Captain : YAKUSHO Koji " Won 't return " Executive Producer : TOKUMAYasuyoshi " There is nothing here " Producers : SHlMlZU Shun OKUDA Seiji Producers : Inoue Ken SHlMODAAtsuyuki Director of Photography : HAYASHl Junichiro " come together " Lighting Director : TOMlYAMA Meicho " Ahh. it will break apart " Production Designer : MARUO Tomoyuki " Wings , out of breath " Sound : Ika Makio " whirled up " Editor : KlKUCHl Junichi " and will return to the earth " Music Producer : WADA Toru Composer : HAKETA Takefumi Theme Song by : Cocco " Wings ~ lay down my arms ~ " Visual Effects : ASANO Shuji " Ahh . Only the memories " " come together " " Ahh. it will break apart " " Wings , out of breath " " whirled up " " even you hold me " " Ahh , I can not touch the season " " Ashes will burn out " " and fall off soon " " Where shall I go ? " Written and Directed by : KUROSAWA Kiyoshi
