 What is this ? ! Excuse me . Can somebody please tell me what 's going on here ? We 're collecting material . For ? For anything that might be pertinent to the manhunt . What manhunt ? Manhunt for who ? You 're kidding , right ? Look , there 's nothing . If you 're looking for Mulder , you 're wasting your time . - Are you listening to me ? - I 'm not the man to talk to . Well , then whose stupid idea is this ? Yeah , well , somebody might have had the courtesy to tell me . There are agents tearing apart Mulder 's office who say they 're part of an FBI manhunt . I know . I heard . Believe me , this is not my idea . I just found out about it myself . They 're not going to find Mulder this way . You know that and I know that . I told you last night , I will find him . I 'm going to do that . Okay ? Now , I want you just to cool out . I don 't want you doing ... - ... anything to upset your pregnancy . - Look , I don 't understand . You are the Assistant Director . Who is going over your head on this ? Our brand-new deputy director . A.D. Skinner , Agent Scully . Thanks for getting right over . I don 't want to lose any time . We have one of our own missing and the only acceptable outcome is that we find him safe and alive . - I 'm sure the two of you agree . - That goes without saying , sir . Good . This comes at a stressful time , with my new appointment . But I 'm thankful for your cooperation in the hunt for Mulder . Our cooperation ? With due respect , there aren 't two people better qualified to be directing this action , sir . Right now , you and A.D. Skinner are the two primary witnesses to Mulder 's disappearance . I want your statement taken asap . You make us out to be suspects , sir . Taken by who ? My task force leader on this , Special Agent John Doggett . He 's waiting to hear from you now . One more thing . Anything leaves this building about aliens or alien abductions or any other nonsense that might cast the Bureau in a ridiculous light , hey , you can forget about looking for Agent Mulder . You 'll both be looking for new jobs . That 's all . I don 't believe this . This isn 't about finding Mulder ... this is about Kersh covering the FBI 's ass . Why do I get the feeling they 'd be happy if we never found him at all ? Look ... I saw what I saw . I have to make a statement in there . I 'm not going to tell them it didn 't happen . Well , you heard Kersh . They don 't want the truth . You give them the truth , and they 'll hang you with it . They can hang me with a lie , too . I 'm not going to sell Mulder out . What good are you to Mulder if you give them the power to ruin your career ? We will find him . Assistant Director , you can come on back with me . Agent Scully , I 'll ask you to please wait on the wall until we call you . Water ? It could be a wait . Thank you . - Weren 't you his partner ? Mulder ? - Yes . I guess nobody 's beyond suspicion on this thing . Why are they talking to you ? Me ? I knew Mulder back a bit . They 're developing a working profile ... character background . I 'd say they have all the character profile they need on him . Certainly his reputation . I doubt we agents ever really truly know each other even our partners . Not at the end of the day . Their real lives , their friends , girlfriends , deeply personal things , issues . I think I know Mulder as much as anybody . Yeah , probably so . I always took the rumors with a grain of salt . - What rumors are those ? - Well , you know . Well , that , from the beginning he never felt a real trust with you , that you were ambitious . Where 'd that come from ? There are women here at the Bureau that he would confide in . I don 't know if you knew that or not . No . - When was this ? - I don 't know , it 's just talk . So , what do you think happened ? To Mulder ? What 's your theory ? What 's my theory ? My theory is you don 't know Mulder at all . You never did . " John Doggett . " Kersh 's task force leader . You might have just introduced yourself . Well , I was getting around to it . Nice to meet you , Agent Doggett . Hi , this is Margaret Scully . Please leave a message . Mom , it 's Dana . I , uh ... I 'm sorry I haven 't called you in a while . I 've been busy with work and , um , with something else that I should probably tell you about in person . I mean , I don 't even know if you 're in town or if you 're checking your messages . But , um ... But I really need to see you and talk to you . There 's a lot of stuff that 's going on with me right now and , um and I just really need to talk . Mom ? - John Doggett . - You stay out of my business ! - What ? Who is this ? - You better have a court order ! - For what ? Who is this ? - How many phones are you tapping ? How many agents are you doing surveillance on ? Is this Agent Scully ? Thank you . You just answered all my questions . Stop there ! Right there ! Now come on through the window nice and easy . Okay , I 'm coming . It 's me , your landlord . I started fixing the antennae on the roof , and ... I 'm sorry , Mr. Coeben . I 'm sorry . There was a man . There was someone in the building . Did you see anyone ? Yeah , yeah , you know him , he works with you . Tall guy ... brown hair . Who ? - You don 't mean Mulder ? - Yeah , Mulder . Mulder ? Are you in here ? - It took some serious voodoo . - Major satellite hacking . - But we got your data . - What am I looking at ? You 're seeing real-time images right off the JPL Topex Poseidon . We 're wired right into the dish . We 're not able to find raw data with UFO activity on it . But Langly was able to hack into the data storage here and pull up something just as tasty . You 're looking at UFO activity in the Pacific Northwest just prior to Mulder 's abduction . All these markers correspond with reported alien abductions . - It 's a regular shopping spree . - So Mulder 's abduction ... Was a UFO whistle stop on the way to the next pickup . Where ? Where 's the UFO activity after Mulder 's abduction ? Like we said , we can 't tell . Not from the data we 're pulling down . Look , if we can figure out where that ship was going , where it was gonna be , we 've got a chance to find Mulder . - Got a minute ? - Yeah , sure . - You fly , Agent Doggett ? - Flying is for birds and baseballs . USMC , sir . In Vietnam we used to fly night sorties ten feet above the treetops . Before night vision , before fly-by-wire . 600 miles an hour and all we had was an idiot gauge and our wits . Guys used to say they only knew their altitude by the smell of the V.C. rice pots . You 've come a long way , sir . Using all the same instincts . What can I do for you , Agent ? This task force ... the search for Mulder , I 'm running it , right ? - You 're the man in charge . - No one else is involved ? Someone out there acting under orders from another office ? I think I 'd know , Agent . What prompts the question ? My idiot gauge . My wits . You got a chance to shine here , John . Stand in the spotlight . Show them all you 're an ace . - What are you doing here ? - I could ask you the same . - I came by to feed Mulder 's fish . - And then you got tired and decided to take a nap . You 've got a way about you , Agent Doggett . That might have worked with the NYPD but you 're talking to a fellow FBI agent now and I 'd appreciate some respect . Respect like you showed me over the phone ? Give a little , get a little , Agent Scully . Who ambushed me with the phony chitchat about Mulder and then ... - ... put a wiretap on my phone ? - That 's B.S. And now you 're following me . I just came by to feed the fish . What do you want to get on me , Agent Doggett ? What is it you hope to find ? I 'm just trying to find Mulder . You wouldn 't know where to look . It 's in the desk , middle drawer . I know the answer , Agent Scully . - I don 't even know the question . - What happened to Mulder ? I know what you 're gonna say or not because you think I 'm the big bad wolf . Do you really believe it ? You think by talking in circles , I 'm just going to get dizzy and and blurt it out ... this so-called answer ? - That he was abducted by aliens ? - You said it . I didn 't . I guess I just find it hard to swallow that a scientist , a serious person , could buy that . Ever see an alien , Agent Scully ? You want me to go on record ? I will go on record to say this : that I have seen things that I cannot explain . I have observed phenomena that I cannot deny . And that as a scientist and a serious person it is a badge of honor not to dismiss these things because someone thinks they 're B.S. So you think he was abducted ? - I 'm just trying to find him . - Then what are you doing here ? Trying to figure these out . I found them in his desk there . Car rental receipts on Agent Mulder 's Visa . Four consecutive weekends in May . Same mileage each trip ... 370 miles , 375 miles ... Where was he going ? I don 't know . Like I said , maybe you really didn 't know your partner . John Doggett . Agent Mulder at the FBI ? Assistant Director , follow me . - What 's going on ? What is this ? - Mr. Skinner , right this way , please . You can talk with Agent Scully after we 're done . Have a seat . Assistant Director , someone came into this office after hours and removed some material . Files . We don 't know exactly what just yet . Who ? The office here is secured by a pass-card lock and whoever came in last night used the pass-card belonging to Agent Mulder . You think Agent Mulder took the files ? We 're wondering about Agent Mulder 's state of mind . In your statement , you said prior to his disappearance Agent Mulder had felt threatened by the FBI . No , that 's not what I said . I said he felt the X-Files were threatened by budget cutting . Is there anything you 're not telling us about Agent Mulder or his attitude ? Do you think he 'd ever retaliate against the FBI ? - Agent Mulder was only after the truth . - As are we , Assistant Director . Agent Scully tells us she was home last night . We see from your phone log , you were here until at least after 10 : 00 . You think I came in here last night using Agent Mulder 's pass-card ? You were the last person to see Mulder . You and Agent Scully . Skinner is telling the truth . I believe him . That still doesn 't tell us who used Mulder 's card to get in there . You think it was Mulder ? I showed you those car rental receipts . Well , now I find Agent Mulder 's Visa was used two days ago in Raleigh , North Carolina . Two days ago ? By who ? For what ? Flowers . Automatic debit to a mortuary there . Mulder 's mother is buried in Raleigh . That 's the reason he was going every weekend . It 's one reason . I don 't know what to think . I don 't believe it , Dana . It just doesn 't make any sense to me . All right . I got some light on this . Maybe you can help me out here , Agent Scully . What is it ? Agent Mulder 's medical records ... recent stuff , over the last year . Did you know about a medical condition ? Either of you ? No . A year ago , Agent Mulder was hospitalized . Ring a bell ? Something to do with his brain ? - His temporal lobe . - An undiagnosable condition , it says . Irregular brain activity . All right , but he recovered . There was a full recovery . Was there ? You know Mulder ; he would 've told us if there was anything . Would he ? Would he tell you about this ? About his headstone ? Mulder was dying . - What ? - It 's all right here . For a year , he was going to doctors . There 's a clear record of his decline . How well did you really know him ? - How far would Mulder go ? - How far would he go for what ? The truth ... his truth . Whatever it was he was trying to prove , how bad did he need to prove it ? - It was his whole life . - What are you trying to say ? That Agent Mulder found himself in a place none of us want to go . Life-threatened , work-threatened , and all for naught . Nothing proven . The effort in vain . No mark left . Unless he rolled the dice , took one big last chance to make it . You think that Mulder was here ? That he broke in to steal those files ? Broke into your apartment ; stole your computer . Took his own computer . Gathering it up . To what ? To prove it ? Or cover it up . Create doubt . I get Mulder , I get him . I understand obsession , believe me . But the question is : how far would he go ? I mean , so far as to stage his own disappearance ? I know what I saw . I not going to sit here and listen to this . I watched it happen . Agent Mulder ? ! Please don 't report that . Don 't know what good it would do me . Doesn 't help me find Mulder . No , it 's not good enough . These are records of microburst activity . What we read is UFO activity since Mulder 's abduction . - I think this is a waste of time . - No , it 's not . Just look at them . I 'm looking , and what I 'm seeing is activity all over the southwestern states . That 's right . Mulder disappeared in the Pacific Northwest . And if Mulder is on that ship , this is where he is now . Here ? In the Arizona desert ? This is what we have . Okay . Say this is true ... Then how do we even begin to start finding him ? Maybe with whoever it is they 're looking to abduct next . - Hey , we 're only trying to help . - We 're only trying to find Mulder . That 's it . - It just came to me . - What ? What you saw , why they took Mulder , why they 're in Arizona now ... it all makes sense . Why do people refuse to believe in aliens and UFOs after all these years of sightings and eyewitness accounts ? - Why ? - Because there 's no real proof . Because , maybe , if there are aliens they 're simply going around and they 're ... and they 're removing all of the evidence before it becomes proof . This isn 't Mulder who 's going around and collecting this stuff . It 's them . Then why Arizona ? Because they are looking to find that which is not in my computer or Mulder 's computer or in the files that were removed from the FBI . They are looking to find the whereabouts of good , hard proof . That in this case exists in a person , in a boy named Gibson Praise . This photograph 's a few years old but take a good look because the objective in this case has been reframed . Subject 's name is Gibson Andrew Praise . A child prodigy , pint-sized chess champion who Mulder and Scully first investigated in 1997 after a failed attempt on the boy 's life . His files were the ones we now believe were stolen from this office . In his investigation Agent Mulder came to believe the boy was experiencing abnormal brain activity . Unexplained activity . In his field notes here he says Gibson Praise could , and I quote : " read people 's thoughts . " Agent Mulder went so far in one report to claim that the boy may have alien physiology . Agent Mulder may be looking for the boy who was last seen in Arizona . So maybe to find Mulder we first have to look for Gibson Praise . Let 's go , people ! Let 's move ! How do you want this handled ? I want you to put that on every TV station , post office , and fax machine in Arizona and the southwest . I want to make that face famous . You better ? I need some navigation . How to start looking for a 12-year-old kid in the middle of the Arizona desert . Well , there aren 't a whole lot of choices . We got a turn off coming up in five miles . I take it or keep going straight ? Gibson Praise was last seen here at a power plant about 60 miles outside of Phoenix . But all the satellite data shows activity here about 100 miles to the north . What 's out there ? Well , according to this map a whole lot of nothing . This is Special Agent Crane calling for task force leader . Yeah , this is John Doggett . Just confirmed a location on this kid . He 's at a school for the deaf in a place called Flemingtown . Little dot on the map about 90 miles from where I am now . I just talked to the school principal there . - Is the kid in school now ? - Yeah , he lives at the school . All right , have the principal take him out of class and put him someplace where he can keep an eye on him until we arrive . Got it . Gonna take me an hour , an hour and 15 to get there . All right , well , I 'm going to see if I can cut some time off that . It 's a school 20 minutes from here . Yes , sir , in his science class . Is it important enough to take him away from his studies ? I 'll go and get him right now . FLEMINGTOWN School for the Deaf Where 's the boy ? You 're just going to have to slow down and explain a few things to us before we let you ... - Is he down there ? - He 's in my office . Hi . Um ... we 're looking for a boy named Gibson Praise . - Now who are you ? - Kid went out the window . - What are you doing here ? - What are you doing here ? ! Trying to find Mulder . Kid 's on the move . Spread out ! The kid 's on the loose ! You have the photo ! Move ! Let me go ! Let me go ! Let the boy go ! Let him go , Mulder ! TO BE CONTINUED
