 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( Scully ) One day , you 'll ask me to speak of the truth , of the miracle of your birth , to explain what is unexplained . And if I falter or fail on this day , know there is an answer , my child , a sacred , imperishable truth , but one you may never hope to find alone . Chance meeting your perfect other , your perfect opposite , your protector and endangerer Chance embarking with this other on the greatest of journeys , a search for truths fugitive and imponderable . If one day this chance may befall you , my son , do not fail or falter to seize it . The truths are out there . And if one day you should behold a miracle , as I have in you , you will learn the truth is not found in science or on some unseen plane , but by looking into your own heart . And in that moment you will be blessed and stricken . For the truest truths are what hold us together or keep us painfully , desperately apart . - Hey . Tall coffee with milk ? - Thanks . Can I get a warm-up , please ? ( computer ) You have five new messages . I 've resisted contacting you for reasons I know you continue to appreciate . But , to be honest , some unexpected dimensions of my new life are eating away at any resolve I have left . I 'm lonely , Dana , uncertain of my ability to live like this . I want to come home . To you , and to William . I am physically shaking right now , seeing your words . Wishing it were you speaking them to me . I want so badly to see you too . - But you are still not safe here . - ( baby cries ) The child 's mother was just here . Where did she go ? I think that 's her out there . I 'm sorry . Sorry . Could I talk to you a second ? - It 's about Agent Mulder . - What about Mulder ? A guy contacted us through Intelligence channels . He wants to talk to Fox Mulder , only he won 't say why . Who is he ? We don 't know . He always covers his tracks . But this morning we finally got him to tip his hand . - He says he has classified military files . - On what ? These bioengineered soldiers we 've all come in contact with - super-soldiers . The same ones threatening Mulder 's life , forcing him to live underground . What does he want with Mulder ? To give him the names of the super-soldiers . And Mulder 's the only person he 'Il give ' em to . Even if this was a good idea , I don 't know how to contact him . I 'm sorry about that . I believe that last class we were covering petechia and evidence of death by ... Agent Scully . - What the hell are you doing ? - Trying to teach a class . Do you understand what we 're being offered ? If we know who they are , we can go after them . Somebody is giving us a way that could make it safe for Mulder to come home . That 's the operative word here : somebody . - Somebody that we don 't know . - You don 't wanna check it out ? What I don 't want is Agent Mulder 's life to be endangered any more than it already is . How long are you gonna do this ? - Do what , Agent Doggett ? - Refuse to trust me . Or anybody . How else are you gonna get him home ? - ( man ) I said get in the car right now . - ( woman ) Leave us alone ! - I am not telling you again . - Get away from us ! - ( man ) She 's coming with me . - What are you doing ? Do you need help , ma 'am ? - No . - Hey ! Don 't take her with you . - Do you need me to call the police ? - Don 't go . Don 't ... Don 't go ! Please . Ma 'am , are you all right ? Come on in . The phone 's over there . I don 't know if it 's such a good idea making outa police report . Well , you 've obviously got a problem . I saw you this morning at the café . Is he your husband ? - Yeah . - It 's OK . I understand . I mean ... it 's hard enough caring for a child . You don 't have anyone , do you ? No . But I Wish I did . Maybe he 'll come back . Do you have anywhere to go ? No . I 'm gonna get you a blanket and something not to drink . All right ? Thank you . - My name 's Dana . - Patty . ( car approaches ) - What do you have ? - That source called my cellphone tonight . - I ran a trace . - Did you get a number ? No , but I got a node . Sector of six city blocks . Area 's vacant except for this building . Say this source is for real and this is Mulder 's chance to come home . We spook the spook and maybe that chance goes away . Or , worse , it drives Mulder deeper . Where are you going ? - Take a little look into his car . - I 'll say it again . We risk compromising IVlulder 's return . I don 't plan on getting caught . Evening . How are you ? Good . You ? Your wife and kid ? They 're good . Good . Everybody 's good . Monica , wake up . ( phone vibrates ) - Hello ? - You awake ? Yeah . I just lay down . What time is it ? 6am _ Reyes and I tailed a car to your street . A guy went into your building who we guess you got no business with . ( baby cries ) Are you there , Agent Scully ? Put him down . Now . - Oh , my God . - Put my baby down . - ( baby cries ) - Shh _ - ( knock on door ) - ( Reyes ) Agent Scully ? Agent Scully , do you know this man ? Lwouldn 't think so . Not with him trying to pick his way into your place . Start with who you work for . I 'm not at liberty to say . Is this your wife ? Maybe she 's at liberty . Maybe she doesn 't wanna accompany you to prison . You staged this , didn 't you ? Arguing on the street . - Everything . - No . - It 's a con job . What are you after , my baby ? - No , no . - I want to protect William . - That 's enough . Wanna get us killed ? You said that they could help us . You told me that . That 's what you said . What the hell 's going on here ? They 're watching . They 're watching ? You got something to say , say it . I work for the National Security Agency . The name on my driver 's license is false . If you call the police , I 'd be held only until another NSA agent authorised my release . I don 't exist as a citizen , nor does anyone I work with . - So what are you doin ' here ? - As you can see , my wife is upset . I was coming to get her to stop this very event . What 's she so upset about ? We have a daughter . Joy . There 's something about her . Something different . Just like there 's something different with her son William . Different how ? How do you know anything about her or her son ? I know virtually everything about you . And you . And you . Several months ago , you saw your son affect the movement of the mobile over his crib . He spun it as if with his mind . It happened to us the same way . So you 've been looking in this apartment with what , cameras ? - Various forms of technology . - Then it 's you wno 's been contacting us ? Not directly . My scope is limited . I only look at what they tell me to . But I 've told my supervisor everything I 'm telling you about my daughter and her son . He started to look into it . He learned things about a super-soldier programme , things he won 't tell us . Crimes , he says , against innocent people . What does he want with Mulder ? Mulder 's the only one capable of making the connections , he says . Maybe we can help you , and maybe you can help us find out the truth . About what our babies really are . ( phone rings ) Hello ? ( distorted voice ) You 've had quite an earful . Who is this ? As my associate indiscreetly told you , we don 't have names . You 've been listening to us ? It 's all I could do after you closed the shades . - Agent Scully . - You ever heard of the Constitution ? Yes . It 's what allows foreign terrorists to live here and enjoy the American Dream . Until time comes to destroy it . My trespasses are the least of your concern , after what they 've done to you and Mulder . - What have they done ? - it 's what they 're prepared to do next . - I 'd be happy to tell Agent Mulder . - Tell me . I don 't know how to reach him . You reached him yesterday . You sent him an email . Would you like me to read it to you ? Why should I trust you ? You 're just a voice on the end of the phone . I 'm not gonna give you anything unless I can meet you , unless I ... Unless I can see your face . Are you still there ? If you think you can flush me out , you 're making a big mistake . Bus bench , Internet cafe . Come alone . You have 20 minutes . ( hangs up ) Agent Scully . - What are you doing ? - I 'm going to meet your contact . - I need you to watch William , Monica . - I don 't like this . I don 't like the feel of it , and I don 't like you agreeing to it without backup . You said I had to trust someone , right ? Well , that 's what I 'm doing . ( phone rings ) - Hello ? - Are you armed , Agent Scully ? YSS . And you 're prepared to use your weapon should anything go wrong ? - I 'm not sure I follow you . - Then do exactly as I say . If you vary my instructions in the smallest way , we 're over . If I see or suspect that you 're not working alone , I 'll terminate our communication . If I believe a third party is using this meeting to prevent our exchange , you must be prepared to use your weapon in your own defence . Am I clear ? YSS . There 's a green sedan across the street from you . The keys are in it . Get in the car . - All right , what next ? - Start the engine . Put the car in drive . Await my next order . Pull out , quickly . Go now . ( car horn ) - Agent Scully ? - Is it necessary to get innocent people hurt ? You 're free to stop the car and walk away at any time . It 's up to you . I 'm doing this for your own protection . And for Mulder 's . - So where am I going ? - Turn right , right now . Stop the car . Get out , Agent Scully . Turn the engine off , take the keys out . Walk to the top of the alley . There 's another car there . Get in and drive directly to the Interstate on-ramp , heading west . You will continue driving west until I tell you otherwise . That 's far enough . Get out of the car . Leave it running . - Where are you ? - Move around to the trunk . You 'll see a change of clothes inside for you . Put them on . - We 're in the middle of nowhere . - There is no " middle of nowhere " any more . Put the gun in the trunk . Your clothes , too . Your watch . Give it to me . This is ridiculous . This has gone far enough . Do you want to see Mulder again ? These clothes that I 'm wearing , they 're my size . How the hell do you know my size ? Your size ? I know your blood type , your resting heart rate , your childhood fear of clowns . I know the name of your college boyfriend , your true hair colour , your ATM PIN number . Favourite charities , pet peeves . I know you spend too much time alone . And I know that on one lonely night , you invited Mulder to your bed . Oh , my God . I was as surprised as you are . Who authorises you ? I mean , what gives you the right ? - Who are you ? - I 'm the future , Agent Scully . And I risked my life being here . Then why do it ? I mean , why meet me ? You can reach Mulder . He needs to know what I know , or he may have no future . Perhaps no one will . Another car is parked on the main road , half a mile out . If I see you haven 't contacted Mulder in 24 hours , I disappear and you never see me again . Do you understand , lady ? I 'm teaching a class . Is it something pressing ? Yeah . I 'm worried now about what it is I 've gotten you into . You 're right to be worried . This guy that led you all over town last night says he wants to talk to Mulder , right ? Why does he need you ? Why not go to Mulder directly ? Cos he knows Mulder resurfaces only if the one person he trusts asks him to . That guy didn 't come to me , Agent Doggett . He came to you . That woman I took in blew his cover . He had no other choice . Did you ever stop to think that this woman and her husband are in on this too ? I don 't believe that . That woman is truly scared for her child , for the same reasons that I am . How do you know they 're not being used by this shadow man to lure Mulder out ? TO kill him ? Cos that couple doesn 't even trust the shadow man , for their own reasons . Think about it . This guy seems to know everything . He even reads your email . How can you or anybody hope to ensure for Mulder a safe passage home ? Mulder and I already considered that even before he left . His return 's been prearranged _ The place , the mode of transport , everything 's been set . You can call the whole thing off . I Crucially I 've already sent for him . Mulder 's on a train . He 'll be here at midnight . - You could reach him . - You can 't do that to me . - I 'm sorry . - I wanna see him so bad . I know , and I 'm wanna make sure you get to , Dana . That 's the whole reason I 'm here . Well , it 's too late . And I have to go . Agent Boal ? Edie Boal ? I 'm John Doggett . We spoke a few minutes ago . You said if I came right down , you might be able to help ? - What 'd I get myself into ? - I 've got some clothing here . I 'm looking for anything that might give me an ID . - Male or female ? - A male who handled them . He gave them to a female agent . When do you need ' em ? I got a little over an hour . Your staring over my shoulder doesn 't make me go faster . ( footsteps ) ( announcer ) Could I have your attention , please ? Southbound 112 , now arriving . Please stay clear of the platform until the train comes to a full stop . ( bell ringing ) Two men shot ! Two men shot ! - Keep rolling ! - Stop the train ! - Keep rolling ! - I 'm a federal agent ! Keep rolling ! Mulder ! Agent Scully ? This wasn 't supposed to happen . All we wanted was answers . We never meant to harm you . - My husband was not a part of this . - I know he was trying to protect me . The man who he works for , he 's the one who 's responsible for this . I know , and I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . - What is it ? - What I was afraid of . - Agent Doggett , what ? - We can 't find him . - Who ? - The man I shot . He fell in front of a frickin ' movin ' train , but he ain 't down there . - Well , where is he ? - Nowhere . It shouldn 't make sense , but I ran the DNA on the clothes he gave you , and the man 's DNA can 't be tested . They say it 's some weird DNA complex with iron . - That 's doesn 't make sense . - I think it does . He 's not a man . He 's a super-soldier . Mulder . I 've got to warn Mulder . Get on the radio and alert them that there 's a situation on that train . - A situation ? - The man who fell on the tracks got on it . ( radio ) This is the southbound 112 . We got a jumper . A man jumped off the train at the mile 19 connector . He ran into the IVlanville rock quarry there . Agent Scully , you drive . Head down into the quarry . We 'll meet you in the bottom . Agent Reyes . Mulder ! Mulder ! Mulder , it 's John Doggett ! Mulder ? Mulder ! Mulder ? Stop there ! Stop right there ! Why do want to kill us ? Mulder must die . Mulder or your son . What are you talking about ? What does this have to do with my son ? What 's wrong with my son ? Answer me ! ( Scully ) I hold no hope you can respond to this . Or that it reaches you . I only hope that you are alive . I cannot help believing that you jumped off that train because you knew what I now know . That these " super-soldiers " , if that 's what they are , can in fact be destroyed . That the key to their destruction lies in the iron compound at that quarry . I am scared for you , Mulder . And for William . The forces against us are unrelenting . But so is my determination . To see you again , to regain the comfort and safety we shared for so brief a time . Until then , I remain forever yours ... Dana . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
