 ( faint heartbeat ) What is this ? Excuse me . Can somebody please tell me what 's going on here ? - We 're collecting material . - For ? For anything that might be pertinent to the manhunt . What manhunt ? Manhunt for who ? You 're kidding , right ? There 's nothing . If you 're looking for Mulder , you 're wasting your time . - Are you listening ? - I 'm not the man to talk to . Whose stupid idea is this ? Somebody might have had the courtesy to tell me . There are agents in Mulder 's office who say they 're part of an FBI manhunt . I know . Believe me , this is not my idea . I just found out about it myself . They won 't find Mulder this way . We both know that . I told you last night I will find him . I 'm gonna do that . OK ? lwant you to cool out . I don 't want you doing anything to upset your pregnancy . I don 't understand . You are the assistant director . Who 's going over your head on this ? Our brand-new deputy director . ( phone rings ) AD Skinner , Agent Scully . Thanks for getting right over . I don 't wanna lose any time . One of our own is missing . The only acceptable outcome is that we find him , safe and alive . - I 'm sure the two of you agree . - That goes without saying , sir . Good . This comes at a stressful time ... with my new appointment . Thank you for your cooperation in the hunt for Mulder . Our cooperation ? With due respect , there aren 't two people better qualified to be directing this action . You and AD Skinner are the two primary witnesses to Mulder 's disappearance . I want your statement taken ASAP . You make us out to be suspects , sir . - Taken by who ? - My task force leader on this . Special Agent John Doggett . He 's waiting to hear from you now . One more thing . Anything leaves this building about aliens , or alien abductions , or any nonsense that might cast the Bureau in a ridiculous light , and you can forget about looking for Agent Mulder . You 'll both be looking for newjobs . That 's all . I don 't believe this . This isn 't about Mulder . Kersh is covering the FBI 's ass . Why do I get the feeling they 'd be happy if we never found him at all ? Look ... I saw what I saw . I have to make a statement . I can 't say it didn 't happen . You heard Kersh . They don 't want the truth . You give them it and they 'll hang you with it . They can hang me with a lie too . I 'm not gonna sell Mulder out . What good are you to Mulder if you give them the power to ruin your career ? We will find him . Assistant Director , you can come with me . Agent Scully , please wait on the wall until we call you . Water ? It could be a wait . Thank you . Aren 't you his partner ? Mulder ? Yes . I guess nobody 's beyond suspicion on this thing . Why are they talking to you ? Me ? I knew Mulder back a bit . They 're developing a working profile , character background . I 'd say they have all the character profile they need . Certainly his reputation . I doubt we agents ever truly know each other , even our partners . Not at the end of the day . Their real lives , their friends , girlfriends , deeply personal things , issues . - I think I know Mulder as much as anybody . - Yeah , probably so . | always took the rumours with a grain of salt . - What rumours were those ? - Well , you know . That from the beginning he never felt a real trust with you , that you were ambitious . Where 'd that come from ? There are women here at the Bureau that he would confide in . I don 't know if you knew that or not . No . - When was this ? - I don 't know , it 's just talk . So what do you think happened ... to Mulder ? What 's your theory ? What 's my theory ? My theory is you don 't know Mulder at all . You never did . John Doggett . Kersh 's task force leader . You might have just introduced yourself . I was gettin ' around to it . Nice to meet you , Agent Doggett . ( vomits ) ( dialling phone ) Hi , this is Margaret Scully . Please leave a message . Mom , it 's Dana . I 'm sorry I haven 't called you in a while . I 've been busy with work and with something ... else that I should probably tell you about in person . I don 't even know if you 're in town or if you 're checking your messages . But , um ... But I really need to see you and talk to you . There 's a lot of stuff that 's going on with me right now , and ljust really need to talk . ( crackling ) Mom ? - John Doggett . - Stay out of my business ! Who is this ? - You better have a court order . - For what ? Who is this ? How many phones are you tapping ? How many agents are you doing surveillance on ? - Is this Agent Scully ? - Thank you . You just answered all my questions . ( creaking ) Stop there ! Right there ! Come on through the window nice and easy . OK , I 'm coming . It 's me . Your landlord . I started fixing the antenna on the roof and ... I 'm sorry , Mr Coeben . There was a man . There was someone in the building . Did you see anyone ? Yeah , you know him . Works with you . Tall guy , brown hair . Who ? You don 't mean Mulder ? Yeah , Mulder . Mulder ? Are you in here ? ( gasps ) ( yells ) - ( Frohike ) It took serious voodoo . - ( Langly ) Major satellite hacking . - ( Byers ) But we got your data . - ( Skinner ) What is it ? You 're seeing real-time images right off the JPL TOPEX / Poseidon . We 're wired right into the dish . We can 't find raw data with UFO activity on it . But Langly hacked into the data storage here and pulled up something just as tasty . This is UFO activity in the Pacific Northwest just prior to Mulder 's abduction . These markers correspond with reported alien abductions . - It 's a shopping spree . - So Mulder 's abduction ... Was a UFO whistle stop on the way to the next pick-up . Where ? Where 's the UFO activity after Mulder 's abduction ? We can 't tell . Not from the data we 're pulling down . If we can figure out where that ship was going , where it 's gonna be , we 've got a chance to find Mulder . ( knocks ) - Got a minute ? - Yeah , sure . - You fly , Agent Doggett ? - Flying 's for birds and baseballs . USMC , sir . In Vietnam we used to fly night sorties 10ft above the treetops . Before night vision , before fly-by-wire . 600 miles an hour and all we had was an idiot gauge and our wits . Guys used to say they only knew their altitude by the smell of the VC rice pots . You 've come a long way , sir . Usin ' all the same instincts . What can I do for you , Agent ? This task force , the search for Mulder ... - l 'm runnin ' it , right ? - You 're the man in charge . No one else is involved ? Someone acting under orders from another office ? I think I 'd know , Agent . What prompts the question ? My idiot gauge . My wits . You got a chance to shine here , John , stand in the spotlight . Show them all you 're an ace . ( door opens ) - What are you doing here ? - I could ask you the same . - I came by to feed Mulder 's fish . - And then you got tired and took a nap . You 've got a way about you , Agent Doggett , that might have worked with the NYPD , but you 're talking to a fellow FBI agent . I 'd appreciate some respect . Respect like you showed me over the phone ? Give a little , get a little , Agent Scully . Who ambushed me with the phoney chitchat and then put a wiretap on my phone ? - That 's BS . - And now you 're followin ' me . | just came by to feed the fish . What do you want to get on me , Agent Doggett ? What is it you hope to find ? - I 'm just trying to find Mulder . - You wouldn 't know where to look . It 's in the desk , middle drawer . - I know the answer , Agent Scully . - I don 't even know the question . What happened to Mulder . I know what you 're gonna say , or not , because you think I 'm the big bad wolf . Do you really believe it ? You think by talking in circles I 'll just get dizzy and blurt out this so-called answer ? - That he was abducted by aliens ? - You said it . I didn 't . ljust find it hard to swallow that a scientist , a serious person , could buy that . Ever see an alien , Agent Scully ? You want me to go on record ? I will go on record to say this . That I have seen things that I cannot explain . I have observed phenomena that I cannot deny . And that , as a scientist and a serious person , it is a badge of honour not to dismiss these things because someone thinks they 're BS . So you think he was abducted ? - I 'm just trying to find him . - Then what are you doing here ? Trying to figure these out . I found them in his desk there . Car rental receipts on Agent Mulder 's Visa . Four consecutive weekends in May . Same mileage each trip . 370 miles , 375 miles . Where was he going ? I don 't know . Like I said , maybe you really didn 't know your partner . ( cellphone rings ) John Doggett . Agent Mulder at the FBI . Assistant Director , follow me . What 's going on ? What is this ? Mr Skinner , this way , please . You can talk with Agent Scully after we 're done . Have a seat . Someone came into this office after hours and removed some material . Files . We don 't know exactly what just yet . Who ? The office is secured by a pass-card lock and whoever came in used Agent Mulder 's card . - You think Agent Mulder took the files ? - We 're wondering about his state of mind . In your statement you said , prior to his disappearance , Agent Mulder had felt threatened by the FBI . No , that 's not what I said . I said he felt the X-Files were threatened by budget-cutting . Is there anything you 're not telling us about Agent Mulder , or his attitude ? Do you think he 'd ever retaliate against the FBI ? - Agent Mulder was only after the truth . - As are we , Assistant Director . Agent Scully tells us she was home last night . We see from your phone log you were here ... until at least after ten . You think I came in here last night using Agent Mulder 's pass card ? You were the last person to see Mulder . You and Agent Scully . - Skinner is telling the truth . - I believe him . It still doesn 't tell us who used Mulder 's card to get in . - You think it was Mulder ? - I showed you those car rental receipts . Now I find Agent Mulder 's Visa was used two days ago in Raleigh , North Carolina . Two days ago ? By who ? For what ? Flowers . Automatic debit to a mortuary there . Mulder 's mother is buried in Raleigh . That 's the reason he was going every weekend . It 's one reason . I don 't know what to think . I don 't believe it , Dana . Itjust doesn 't make any sense to me . All right . I got some light on this . Maybe you can help me out here , Agent Scully . What is it ? Agent Mulder 's medical records . Recent stuff over the last year . Did you know about a medical condition ? Either of you ? No . A year ago , Agent Mulder was hospitalised . Ring a bell ? - Something to do with his brain ? - His temporal lobe . An undiagnosable condition , it says . Irregular brain activity . But he recovered . There was a full recovery . Was there ? Mulder would have told us if there was anything . Would he ? Mulder was dying . What ? It 's all right here . For a year he was going to doctors . There 's a clear record of his decline . How well did you really know him ? - How far would Mulder go ? - How far would he go for what ? The truth . His truth . Whatever it was he was trying to prove . How bad did he need to prove it ? - It was his whole life . - What are you trying to say ? That Agent Mulder found himself in a place none of us want to go . Life threatened , work threatened , and all for naught . Nothing proven . The effort in vain . No mark left . Unless he rolled the dice , took one big last chance to make it . You think that Mulder was here , that he broke in to steal those files . Broke into your apartment , stole your computer . Took his own computer . Gathering it up . To what ? To prove it ? Or cover it up . Create doubt . lget Mulder , lget him . I understand obsession , believe me . But the question is , how far would he go ? So far as to stage his own disappearance ? I know what I saw . I 'm not gonna sit here and listen to this . Iwatched it happen . Agent Mulder ? Please don 't report that . I don 't know what good it would do me . It doesn 't help me find Mulder . That 's not good enough . These are records of microburst activity , UFO activity since Mulder 's abduction . - I think this is a waste of time . - Just look at them . I see activity all over the southwestern states . That 's right . Mulder disappeared in the Pacific Northwest . And if Mulder is on that ship , this is where he is now . Here ? In the Arizona desert ? This is what we have . OK . Say this is true . Then how do we even begin to start finding him ? Maybe with whoever it is they 're looking to abduct next . - We 're only trying to help . - We 're only trying to find Mulder . That 's it . - ltjust came to me . - What ? What you saw . Why they took Mulder . Why they 're in Arizona now . It all makes sense . ( Scully ) Why do people refuse to believe in aliens and UFOs , after all these years of sightings and eyewitness accounts ? VVhy ? Because there 's no real proof . Because maybe , if there are aliens , they 're simply going around and removing all the evidence before it becomes proof . This isn 't Mulder going around and collecting this stuff , it 's them . ( Skinner ) Then why Arizona ? Because they are looking to find that which is not in my computer , or Mulder 's computer , or in the files that were removed from the FBI . They are looking to find the whereabouts of good hard proof , that in this case exists in a person . In a boy named Gibson Praise . This photograph 's a few years old , but take a look . The objective in this case has been reframed . The subject 's name is Gibson Andrew Praise . A child prodigy . A pint-size chess champion , who Mulder and Scully first investigated in after a failed attempt on the boy 's life . His files were the ones we now believe were stolen from this office . In his investigation , Agent Mulder came to believe the boy was experiencing abnormal brain activity . Unexplained activity . In his field notes here , he says Gibson Praise could , and I quote : " read people 's thoughts " . Agent Mulder went so far in one report to claim that the boy may have alien physiology . Agent Mulder may be looking for the boy who was last seen in Arizona . So maybe to find Mulder we first have to look for Gibson Praise . Let 's go , people . Let 's move . How do you want this handled ? I want you to put that on every TV station , post office and fax machine in the Southwest . I wanna make that face famous . ( yells ) Feel better ? I need some navigation . To start looking for a 12-year-old kid in the middle of the Arizona desert . Well , there aren 't a whole lot of choices . I got a turn-off in five miles . Do I take it or keep going straight ? Gibson Praise was last seen here , at a power plant about 60 miles outside of Phoenix . Though the satellite data shows activity here , about a hundred miles to the north . What 's out there ? According to this map , a whole lot of nothin ' . This is Special Agent Crane calling for Task Force Leader . - John Doggett . - Just confirmed a location on this kid . He 's at a school for the deaf in a place called Flemingtown . A dot on the map about 90 miles from where I am now . I talked to the school principal . - Is the kid in school now ? - He lives there . Have the principal put him someplace where you can keep an eye on him until we arrive . Gonna take me an hour or more get there . I 'm gonna see if I can cut some time off that . There 's a school 20 minutes from here . Yes , sir . In his science class . Is it important enough to take him away from his studies ? I 'll go and get him right now . - Where 's the boy ? - You have to explain a few things before ... - Is he down there ? - He 's in my office . Hi . We 're looking for a boy named Gibson Praise . - Who are you ? - The kid went out the window . - What are you doing here ? - What are you doing here ? I 'm trying to find Mulder . The kid 's on the move . Spread out ! The kid 's on the loose ! You have the photo . Move ! ( Gibson ) Let me go . Let me go . ( Doggett ) Let the boy go ! Let him go , Mulder ! Visiontext Subtitles : Sarah Emery ( child ) I made this !
