 Give it up , Mulder ! You 've got no chance ! - Damn it . - My sniper zombies are everywhere . I 'll offer you a deal . You give me the Lazarus bowl and I 'll give you Scully . Mulder ! How about this deal ? You give me Scully , I don 't smash the bowl and shove the pieces where the Son of God don 't shine . You cigarette-smoking mackerel snapper . I break the Lazarus bowl and all your sniper zombies go back to being good little well-behaved corpses . You don 't fool me , Mulder That bowl is your Holy Grail . Encoded in its ancient ceramic grooves are the words Jesus spake when he raised Lazarus from the dead . Still capable of raising the dead 2 , 000 years later . Proof positive of the paranormal . You could no sooner destroy that than let the redhead die . Come on , man . Don 't break the bowl . We don 't wanna go back to being dead . There 's no food , no women , no dancing . Save the bowl . Then we 'll dump that ciggy-smoking stooge for you . And you 'll be the new king of the dead . I 'd rather serve in heaven than rule in hell . Is that your flashlight , Mulder , or are you just happy to be lying on top of me ? Oh , that . For seven long years We been waiting for the right moment , Scully . Oh , you 're a sick man , Mulder Go on . I love you , Scully . - No ifs , ands , or ... - Bees . Yesterday , a bomb ripped through the crypt of Christ 's Church here in DC . There were no casualties , no thefts , no note making any demand . - Who 's taking credit for it ? - Nobody . She , Jodie Fosters foster child on a payless budget . He 's like a Jehovah 's witness meets Harrison Ford 's Witness . Uh . Christ 's Church . Isn 't that Cardinal O 'Fallon 's church ? O 'Fallon 's residence is adjacent to the crypt . - Who 's Cardinal O 'Fallon ? - Cardinal O 'Fallen , perhaps . He 's one of the most powerful men in the church today . His name often comes up as a possibility for the first American Pope . Oh . I don 't want to be myopic here , sir , but this looks like a terrorist act for the ATF . Myopic . - Yes , it does . - Are you gonna answer your phone ? Me ? I didn 't wanna be rude . - So who the hell is this guy ? - Wayne Federman . An old buddy of mine . He 's a writer in Hollywood and he 's working on an FBI-based movie . He 's asked me to give him access . - A screenwriter ? - It 's actually as a writer-slash-producer . He looks actually just a hindrance-slash-pain in the neck . Agent Mulder , I don 't wanna eat your lunch . I 'm just here for some procedural flavour . I 've no idea what you 've just said . Well , the Skin Man 's tilled me in on your particular bent . He said that you come at things maybe a little fahkatke , a little Star Trekkie . Which is the exact vibe I 'm looking for . It 's a Silence of the Lambs meets Greatest Story Ever Told type thing . It 's beautiful and I will not be in your way . I 'll be strictly Heisenbergian . A hologram . Mr Federman will accompany you to Christ Church . He will act as an observer . You will extend to him every courtesy and protection you would a friend of mine . Agent Scully , I require your services here for the morning . Sir , have I pissed you off in a way that 's more than normal ? I 'm just curious if she 's more than your partner . Hey , whatever . Cardinal O 'Fallon , can you think of anyone who might make an attempt on your life ? The Church always has enemies , Agent Mulder . The size of the bomb would have limited its destruction to the crypt . - Is there anything there worth targeting ? - Not really . Just some old bones , artifacts , relics , documents that we store down there in the cold . I like to think of it as God 's refrigerator . - That 's a great line . - Thank you . - God 's refrigerator . - Wayne , shut up . No treasures to the outside world . Things of negligible monetary value , but great spiritual value to the Church . Ancient devotional texts , medieval relics . How about the shroud of Turin ? No , afraid not . But we do have the bathrobe of St Peter . - You 're kidding ? - Yes , I am . - That 's a good line . - Wayne . Shut up . Who comes down to the crypt here ? Only myself . We have half a mile of catacombs here . I like to walk here during lunch . That 's where the bomb went off . Well , my instinct , is to see this desecration of the dead less as a murder attempt and more as a terrorist act . A message ... Uh , this isn 't me . I think it 's you . Excuse me . - That 's ... that 's not me . - Let me check . Not me . We never get reception here . Would that be St Jude 's cellphone , Cardinal ? No . That 's Micah Hoffman . Micah Hoffman , Willie Mays and Frank Serpico , that 's my holy trinity , Scully . Of course , I 'm too young to remember , but wasn 't he a ' 60s campus radical like a Jerry Ruben or a Mario Savio ? Name a ' 60s counterculture movement , and Hoffman was at or near the center of it . He was one of the original Weathermen . He was the first yippie . He was a better poet that Ginsberg and the starting shortstop for his baseball team . Then in the ' 70s , didn 't he go real low profile ? Right after Altamont . He was never heard from again . The Stones get blamed for everything . I don 't get it . This should be it , here . - What did Skinner want you for ? - Just paperwork . Mm . Hm-hm . - Mulder , we should have a warrant . - Hey , it 's only the Constitution . No big deal . - Wow . - Dis-feng shui . Sorry to denigrate a third of your trinity , but it looks like Hoffman was killed by one of his own bombs . Well , from dharma bum to dharma bomb . I knew Hoffman was a master potter . It appears he was a master calligrapher as well . Look , Mulder , we 've got gurn arabic and sodium hydroxide here . Ooof . These would be used to age the ink and the paper prematurely . It 's a forger 's trick . Well , from counterculture to counterfeiter . All right , one more pun and I pull out my gun . Scully , look at that . " Christos " . Looks like a religious text . Can you read Greek at all ? Well , it 's pretty rusty . But it looks like some kind of lost Gospel . A Gospel of Mary Magdalene . And an account of Christ 's life on earth after the Resurrection . - After ? - Yeah . It 's a heretical text , Mulder . Mythical , but long rumoured to be in existence . What would Hoffman be doing with heretical religious texts ? The question is what would he be doing forging them ? I think the real question is what might O 'Fallon be doing with Hoffman 's forgeries ? You don 't need a Weatherman to know which way the wind blows . Don 't shoot . I like the way you guys work . No warrants , no permission , no research . You 're like studio executives with guns . Should I call you Agent Mulder or Mr Mulder ? Or , like , do you have a nickname ? Shh , shh , shh . Like Skin Man ? - Just ignore me . - What 's that ? It looks like the same Gospel of Mary Scully ID 'd over at Hoffman 's place . So , is this a forgery or is this the real thing ? There is no real gospel of Mary , Federman . The original would be a fake . All right , so it this a real fake or a fake fake ? It 's me , I can hear you . It 's just your voice is ... It 's like a crackly sound and then I hear a syllable . Stop yelling . Yelling isn 't helping the situation . Just talk . You 're breaking up . No . Let me call you back . OK . Yeah , I 'm telling you . I 'm going through a crypt . Oh ! Wow . Oh , my God . Now , Wayne , I 'm sure that it was dark in there , and that your eyes were playing tricks on you . And you 've been influenced by ghost stories and horror movies that take place in crypts and graveyards . And you hallucinated this vision of these dancing bones trying to reconstruct this bowl . No , I didn 't hallucinate . That was mechanical or CGI . Federman , that wasn 't a movie . That was real life . The difference being ? Well , I have got my flavour here . So , I appreciate all your help . I 've got a movie to write . You don 't want to get to the bottom of this ? Not especially . Well , you know , sometimes truth can be stranger than fiction . Well , fiction is quicker than truth and cheaper . You want my advice ? You 're both crazy . Why do you say that ? You 're crazy for believing what you believe . And you 're crazy for not believing what he believes . I 'll leave you with that . Thank you . I miss him already . I know that Federman 's BS-ing you . So I 'm really hesitant to mention this . But ... um , his story reminds me of the Lazarus bowl . - The Lazarus bowl ? - We had this wacky nun in Catholic school . We called her Sister Spooky , cos she told us scary stories . Twisted Sister . That 's my kind of nun , you know She 'd hold up an old piece of wood with a rusty nail in it and say " This is a piece of the cross that Christ 's wrist was nailed to . " Or she 'd show us a vial of red liquid and say that it was John the Baptist 's blood . She 'd be in prison today . You realize that ? Well , she 'd tell the story of when Jesus raised Lazarus from the dead . And she said that there was this old woman who was Lazarus ' aunt or something ... - Lazarus ' aunt ? - Spinning a clay bowl on a wheel nearby . And that Christ 's words , the actual incantation to raise the dead , were recorded in the grooves of the pottery , just like the way music is recorded into vinyl . You see ? It 's just not true that you can 't get good science at Catholic school . It 's a lie . Well , Sister Spooky says that these words in the clay still have the power to raise the dead . - Just like Jesus raised Lazarus . - That is a very cool story coming from you . I 'll have Chuck Burks meet you , see if this clay has Christ 's greatest hits on it . And I 'm gonna go have another audience with Cardinal O 'Fallon . There 's music in the air , Agent Scully . See , everything that exists vibrates and therefore sings . The street , your internal organs , electricity , everything . And ... Here , I 'll show ya . You see , this is my voice , bouncing around in the red here . And all this yellow is ambient sound that we habitually tune out . It 's the hum of my hardware , Mulder 's porn tapes on pause , the sounds from the street . Everything we hear , but we don 't know we hear , I can hear it with this machine . Oh ! What is it ? - Who made this ? - We 're not sure . Either a forger by the name of Micah Hoffman or someone else in the vicinity of Jesus Christ . Bazingo . Whoever did it is a musical genius . This is vibrating in all the keys at once . It 's heavenly . Can you translate what it says there for me , please ? Did you recover them from the crypt ? Yes . " And then Jesus took his beloved Mary Magdalene in an embrace . " " An embrace not of God and woman , but of man and woman . " " And Jesus said to Mary , ' love the body , for it is all of the soul that our senses can perceive . " And how about these ? These would appear to be copies of the original . And rough drafts . - How ? - They 're all forgeries , sir . Did you buy these from Micah Hoffman ? - I thought they were real . - I can understand that . He was a master . They 're virtually indistinguishable from the real thing . The paper is authentic , the ink , the hand , the diction . Hoffman was also an explosives expert . Do you have any idea what he might have been doing with a bomb in the crypt ? Can you think of anybody who might have wanted to kill Micah Hoffman ? No . Why were you hiding the documents , sir ? When Micah came to me with these , as I then thought , ancient texts , and our experts verified them , it exploded a bomb in my heart . The Christ that I loved was not the Christ in these texts . So you bought them in order to hide them ? To keep others from feeling the despair and the anger that I felt . To protect people from what I can now see they needed no protection from . Why didn 't you just destroy the documents yourself ? I thought they were real . I hated them , I despised them . I would have liked to have destroyed them , but I couldn 't . Is being made a fool of a crime , Agent Mulder ? I 'd be doing life if it were , sir . - Scully . - Hey , Scully , it 's me . Can you horn in on the Hoffman autopsy for me ? - Why ? - I got a feeling he was dead before he died . He was blackmailing O 'Fallon . Maybe O 'Fallon retaliated . Mulder , this bowl . Your buddy Chuck Burks says it has properties he 's never seen before . If ... Hold on a second . That 's my other line . - Yeah , Mulder . - It 's Wayne-slash-Federman out in LA . - I can 't really talk about the case . - Skin Man 's keeping me in the loop . Listen , who do you see playing you in the movie ? - I 'm in the movie ? - Ah , it 's a character loosely based on you . It 's more of an amalgamation . Hold on a second , Wayne . - Hey , Sister Spooky , I gotta take this . - I 'll call you after the autopsy . Thanks . How about Richard Gere ? Yeah , OK . Seriously . What if I said to you the name , Garry Shandling ? It sounded like you said Garry Shandling . Garry Shandling signed on to play the amalgamation loosely based on you . And Téa Leoni playing the amalgamation loosely based on your partner . - You stud , it 's called " The Lazarus Bowl " . - How do you know about the Lazarus bowl ? The Skin Man . Listen , Shandling and Leoni wanna meet you guys . Get your flavour . It 's an actor-type thing . Come on out to the studio on our dime . We 'll make it nice . Hey , who 's ... then , who 's gonna play Skinner in the movie ? Richard Gere . Fracturing of skull and surface abrasions initially consistent with concussive force injuries . I am now weighing the heart , which is relatively normal . Although somewhat large . I 'm gonna need that when you 're done with it . Oh , my God . - Who are you ? - I am who I am . Uh-uh . Noli me tangere , baby . 0w . Damn it . What 'd you find ? In Micah Hoffman 's stomach there were traces of red wine and strychnine . Man , oh , Manischevitz communion wine , I bet . I bet O 'Fallon poisoned him and then put his body near the explosion to cover his tracks . - That 's possible , Mulder . - I could get a warrant for O 'Fallon . You are the one God living in truth . Through all eternity , you live in unapproachable light . Let 's allow the man some dignity . You fill your creatures with every blessing and lead all men to the joyful vision of your life . In our joy , we sing to your glory with all the choirs of angels . Holy , holy , holy Lord , God of power and might . Heaven and earth are full of your glory . Hosanna in the highest . Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord . Hosanna in the highest . Consummatum est . Lord Jesus Christ , you said to your apostles " I leave you in peace . My peace I give you . " Let 's get this over with . And grant us the peace and unity of your kingdom . Amen . Augustine O 'Fallon , you 're under arrest for the murder of Micah Hoffman , - You have the right to remain silent . - Oh , my God . Mulder ... Do you see what I see ? - Yes , I do . - Is that Micah Hoffman ? Yes , it is . Misidentification of a corpse and subsequent unrequested autopsy . Sir , the dead man looked very much like Micah Hoffman . He had Hoffman 's ID on him . Scully , if I 'm carrying Marilyn Monroe 's purse , would you assume that I slept with JFK ? Mulder , the FBI has always prided itself in the speedy expedition of its cases . But this is the first time that we 've ever attempted to pursue a murder case where the victim was alive . A bomb went off . A crime 's been committed . There 's a dead body nobody gives a damn about . O 'Fallon 's been less than forthcoming , and Hoffman is guilty of forgery and extortion . Agent Mulder , you will leave O 'Fallon and Hoffman alone ! And , Agent Scully , you 'll put your trigger-happy scalpel away ! Best-case scenario , you get to keep your jobs . Worst-case , the Church brings a huge , embarrassing lawsuit against us , which will feature you two as the sacrificial lambs ! As of right now , I 'm forcing you to take a four-week leave effective immediately , pending review . This Richard Gere thing is going to Skinner 's head . - We 're off this case , Mulder . - Compadres . I 've teased out something very fabulous from your pottery there . Layered in under the ambience . There . Guess what language that is ? - Chuck , I 've had a bad day . - It 's a dead language . I had a linguist in here to listen to the recording . It 's Aramaic . That 's the language that Christ spoke . Did your linguist happen to translate it ? It 's in two parts . The first part here roughly translates as " I am the walrus . I am the walrus . " " Paul is dead . Goo goo goo joob . " Although there is no Aramaic word for walrus . So it literally says : " I am the bearded cow-like sea beast . " - What 's the second part ? - The second parts a little freakier . Here . - What is it ? - It appears to be one man commanding another to rise from the dead . Lazarus ? I am become Jesus Christ . I am become sceptical . There I was , totally bumming after Altamont . And I thought " Throw in the towel and go to law school or continue the fight and become a forger of scandalous religious documents . " I suppose that 's a choice every young gifted American male is faced with . I knew O 'Fallon from college . - He was a divinity professor of mine . - At Columbia ? And he 's a decent man , but with an overweening pride and sense of responsibility born of a lack of respect for the human animal . He believes in God , but not in man and man 's ability to choose to live in freedom . He has Christ in his brain but not in his heart . So you created a Christ that was more suited to your particular world-view But before I could write like Him , I had to become Him , in much the same way I imagine an actor who plays a part becomes that part . So I immersed myself in Jesus Christ . Not just the Church and teachings , but the man , the custom of his time , the language , the vibe , the feeling of Christ . So why didn 't O 'Fallon and the elders go outside the Church for authentification ? Because the forgeries are too damning of the Church . They couldn 't risk the exposure . But then something truly weird came over me , Remorse ? Conversion , Agent Scully . The lightning bolt that transformed Saul to Paul on the road to Damascus . One day I was not just impersonating Jesus Christ , I had become him . That 's why I blew up the crypt . The forgeries were blasphemous and needed to be destroyed . How did your cellphone get on the dead man in the crypt ? God works in mysterious ways . As long as they can think , we 'll have our problems . But those whom we are using cannot think . They are the dead brought to assimilate life by our electrode attempts . It 's open ! You know , it 's an interesting thing when you consider the earth people who can think .. are so frightened by those who cannot . The dead . Couldn 't sleep either , huh ? Plan 9 from Outer Space ? Yeah . It 's the Ed Wood investigative method . This movie is so profoundly bad in such a childlike way that it hypnotizes my mind and frees up my right brain to make associo-poetic leaps . I started flashing on Hoffman and O 'Fallon . How there 's this archetypal relationship . Like Hoffman 's Jesus to O 'Fallon 's Judas . Hoffman 's Jesus to O 'Fallon 's Dostoyevsky 's Grand Inquisitor or Hoffman 's Jesus to O 'Fallon 's St Paul . How about Hoffman 's Road Runner to O 'Fallon 's Wile E Coyote ? - Mulder ? - Yeah ? Do you think it 's at all possible that Hoffman is really Jesus Christ ? - Are you making fun of me ? - No . Well , no , I don 't . But crazy people can be very persuasive . Well , yes , I know that . Maybe true faith is really a form of insanity . And at Ed Wood . Well , you know , even a broken clock is right 730 times a year . - How ... ? - 42 . You 've seen this movie 42 times ? - Yes . - Doesn 't that make you sad ? - It makes me sad . - You ever been to Hollywood ? Oh , a couple of times a few years ago . You 're going to be there in the morning . Just a few minutes from Hollywood in the town of San Fernando , reports have come in of saucers flying so low the ... You know , we 've got four weeks probation vacation and nothing to do . And Wayne 's invited us to LA to watch his movie being filmed . And God knows I could use a little sunshine . Scully ? California , here we come . Agents , I 'm so glad you could hang . I want you to meet the people that are gonna play you . Garry Shandling , Téa Leoni , this is Agents Mulder and Scully . - Nice to meet you . - Big fan . Fox Mulder . No kidding ? Huh . While I 've got you here , maybe you could show me how to run in these things . Right over here , I was thinking ... I tell you , I 'm having a hell of a time in these heels . - Hey . Uh , uh ... - Hi . How are you ? Listen , can I ask you something ? - Sure . - Do you dress to the left or to the right ? What do you mean ? When I play a character , I need to find his center , his sort of rudder , so to say . And then everything comes from that . Uh ... I guess mostly to the left . - Mostly ? - Most of the time . - Most of the time ... to the left . - Mm-hm . Wardrobe ! - Rolling ! - And rollando ! Come on , now . Kick it in the arse . And , action zombies ! - What is this ? - Cut ! Go ahead , ruin my career . What seems to be the problem , Mr Zombie , sir ? What the hell 's in my mouth ? - What 's Tea Leoni 's shoulder made out of ? - Uh , what is Téa Leoni 's shoulder made of ? - Turkey , just like you asked for . - Miss Leoni 's shoulder 's made of turkey . Tofurkey ! I asked for Tofurkey ! I 'm a vegetarian ! Half the zombies are vegetarian ! Oh , my God ! The people are made out of turkey ! - Hello ? - Hey , Mulder , it 's me . What are you doing ? I 'm working at the computer , what are you doing ? I 'm packing . Just , you know , getting ready for our trip back to DC tomorrow . You know , I was just thinking about Lazarus , Ed Wood and those Tofurkey zombies . How come when people come back from the dead , they always wanna hurt the living ? That 's because people can 't really come back from the dead . I mean , ghosts and zombies are just projections of our own cannibalistic and sexual fears and desires . They are who we fear that we are at heart . Just mindless automatons who can only kill and eat . Party pooper . Well , I got a new theory . I say that when zombies try to eat people it 's just the first stage . They 've just come back , so they 'll do all the things they missed from being alive . So first they 're gonna eat . Then they 'll drink . Then they 'll dance and make love . Oh , I see . So we never get to stay with them long enough to see the gentler side of them . Exactly . Hold on a second . It 's my other line . - Hello ? - It 's Assistant Director Skinner . - I hope I didn 't catch you at a bad time . - No , sir , I 'm just at the computer . I want to apologize for coming down so hard on you over the Hoffman-slash-O 'Fallon case . - I appreciate that , Skin Man . - Don 't call me that . Um , where are you now ? I 'm underneath you . I 'm at the same hotel as you . Right below you and Agent Scully . Federman got me an associate producer credit on the movie . AP Skinner , huh ? Uh , so what are you up to right now , sir ? I 'm taking a bubble bath . Oh , hold on just one second , sir . Hey , Scully , Skin Man is calling me from a bubble bath . - It 's still me , Mulder . - Uh , sorry . Just hold on one second , sir . Scully ? Yeah , Skinner is calling me from a bubble bath . - Wow . He 's really gone Hollywood . - Totally . You know , Mulder , speaking of Hollywood , I think Tea Leoni has a little crush on you . Oh , yeah , right . Like Téa Leoni 's ever gonna have a crush on me . - I think that Shandling likes you a bit , too . - Really ? I love you , Scully . - No ifs , ands , or ... - Bees . Wait ... wait , Mulder ... I can 't . I know this feels wrong because we 're friends and we treat each other as equals . No , it 's not that , it 's not that . Well , what , then ? I 'm in love with Assistant Director Walter Skinner . - That 's it , I just can 't take it any more . - Shh , Mulder . Sit down . What does he have that i don 't have ? A bigger flashlight . I 've been looking all over for you . They got it so wrong , Scully . I got a page from the Washington Bureau . Micah Hoffman was murdered tonight . Murdered in his own home by Cardinal O 'Fallon , who then hanged himself . - A murder-suicide . - It 's Jesus and Judas , Scully . Well , it 's all over now . No , no . It 's just beginning . Hoffman and O 'Fallon were these complicated , flawed , beautiful people . And now they 'll be remembered as jokes cos of this movie . The character based on O 'Fallon is in the credits as cigarette-smoking pontiff . How silly is that ? - Pretty silly . - What about us ? How are we gonna be remembered now because of this movie ? - Hopefully the movie 'll tank . - What about the dead who are silent and can 't tell their stories any more ? They 'll have to rely on Hollywood to show how we lived . And it 'll all become oversimplified and trivialized and cigarette-smoking pontiff-icised . And become as plastic and meaningless as this stupid plastic Lazarus bowl . I think the dead are beyond caring what people think about them . Hopefully , we can adopt the same attitude . You do know that there aren 't real dead people out there , right ? That this is a movie set ? The dead are everywhere , Scully . Well , we 're alive . And we 're relatively young . And Skinner was so tickled by the movie ... - I bet he was . - That he 's given us a Bureau credit card to use for the evening . Come on . - Mulder , I have something to confess . - What 's that ? I 'm in love with Associate Producer Walter Skinner . Ah , me too . I made this !
