 Now I lay me down to sleep , I pray the Lord my soul to keep , If I die before I wake , I pray the Lord my soul to take . God bless Mommy , God bless Daddy , and Grandma and Grandpa LaPierre , and Grandma and Grandpa Dyson and ... Okay , okay , Amber Lynn . Bedtime . Come on . You grab Mike , okay ? Hop in . Let 's get you cozy , cozy , toasty , toasty . In the sack , snug as a bug . Night-night , little . Night , Daddy . Night , Mommy . Night , love . Headlights out , Amber Lynn . Good girl . That 's a good girl . Stop right there ! Weapon on the floor ! This is great . What is this trial I 'm being put through ? A test of my love for you ? Billie ? Oh , sweet angel . Billie ! Amber Lynn ! Please , God ! Amber Lynn LaPierre , that 's right . A federal investigation is underway . Of a kidnapping in Sacramento , California . Why are you here , Agent Mulder ? I want this case . I 'm fairly certain I 've got more than enough competent agents in here . Ooh , I can see that . This is a kidnapping , Agent Mulder ... a little girl snatched from her bedroom . Basic missionary-style FBI work . It 's not an X File . I 'm aware of the facts . We 're trying to rule out all possibilities before we start making any statements . That 's what I 'm talking about ... ruling out other possibilities . I can 't just give you the case . I have to follow protocol . Behavioral gets first crack , then the people down at NCMEC . Two , three , four hours , this case is going to be a circus . Every starstruck attorney in America is going to want to represent these people for free . If somebody doesn 't ask the right questions right now , they may never get asked . You 've got till noon . Mulder . The agents in my office ... they have a pool going . They think she 's dead . Don 't bet on it . Make room , make room . Back it up . Back it up . Come on , a little more , sir . A little more . Excuse me , have they found the girl ? Are there any new developments in the case ? Is she dead ? Are the parents suspects in the disappearance of their daughter ? Uh , sorry , no press allowed inside . Special Agent Fox Mulder , FBI . I 'd like to speak to Mr. and Mrs. LaPierre , if I may . My clients have nothing to say . Uh ... Harry Bring . How can I help you ? Mr. Bring , your-your card says " real estate law and conveyances . " Have you ever handled a murder case ? This isn 't a murder case . Well , it might as well be once the facts about Amber Lynn 's disappearance get out . My clients are not murderers , and-and I resent any such accusation . Yeah . If you really want to help your clients , Mr. Bring , get them a real lawyer . It 's okay , Harry . Billie and I got nothing to hide . Mr. and Mrs. LaPierre , my name is Fox Mulder . I 'm a special agent with the FBI , and I have a lot of experience with crimes like the one that took place here . I know you 've made a statement to the police , but I 'd like to ask you some questions about that , and I 'd like you to answer in as much detail as both you and your lawyer are comfortable with . I want to ask you about the note you found . Where did you find it ? In my daughter 's bedroom . When ? When I went to check on her . Um , do you know what time that was ? 9 : 30 , I think . It was right-right about then . I was watching TV in here . What were you watching ? I never heard of it before . It was good . What about you , Mrs. LaPierre ? I was in bed already . Were you asleep ? Half . Is that Amber Lynn 's bedroom that I saw down the hallway there ? Yes . Do you always lock your doors at night , even if you 're home ? Yes . You know most of your neighbors , I bet , up and down the street . You 're on good terms with them ? Most of them , yes . Can you think of anyone that might have wanted to hurt Amber Lynn ? No . That 's enough questions . They 've been very helpful , but I think you can see that these folks have nothing whatsoever to hide . Mr. and Mrs. LaPierre , I want you to understand something , because it 's going to get very confusing from here on in . But whatever else the FBI says or does , they 're going to try their damndest to find your little girl . Thank you . Agent Mulder , do you think they will ? Find her ? Oh , I hope so . Yeah . I really do . It 's open . Mulder ? Come on in . What are you doing ? Thinking . About ? Amber Lynn LaPierre . Mind if I turn on a light ? Yeah . I do . Skinner is royally pissed . At you . I 'm sure he is . He expected a report at noon . He waited . Now he sent me to find you , to get it . I don 't have a report . They had to move on the case . The media got wind of the police findings , and they 're going to broadcast them . The parents are being held for further questioning . They 're not guilty , Scully . The facts would say otherwise . There 's no sign of a break-in , both the parents were at home at the time that the girl disappeared . They lied about where they found the note . Why ? That 's what I 've been thinking about . Is it the media or just our own morbid fascination with the killing of an innocent ? She 's not dead , Scully . Mulder . Fox , it 's me . Mom ? Hi . I 'm watching the news . That little girl in California ... you 're out there , aren 't you ? Yes . I am . Are you okay , Mom ? When are you coming back here ? Well , I 'm not sure . I ... you know , I ... I don 't know . Call when you get back , Fox . Okay , I will . Um , you take care , Mom , okay ? From the note , we can and have determined several facts . There is a threat of physical violence , but no demand for money or ransom . The note is short and written on a torn piece of paper , suggesting haste and little or no planning . The paper 's a type used by dry cleaners to protect laundered garments . The torn piece the note was found on matches exactly a piece that was found in the garbage at the LaPierre home . The ink matches a felt tip pen that was also found in the garbage . One set of prints were found on it ... - Billie LaPierre 's prints . - Is it her handwriting ? That 's going to be difficult to prove due to the felt tip pen and the quality of the paper , which tends to cause bleeding and makes the handwriting indistinct . It also looks like there 's been an attempt to disguise the writing . By using samples of Mrs. LaPierre 's handwriting , you see dominant letter forms ... the " S " in " strangle , " " stray dog , " here in " Santa Claus . " Matches up with the " S " s in " dollars , " " seven " and " cents " ... enough to make a connection . But not an indictment . Do you have information you 'd like to share with us , Agent Mulder ? Bud LaPierre says he 'd been watching television and had gotten up to go to bed when he found Amber Lynn missing . But according to the police report , the TV set was still on when the first officers arrived on the scene . By his own account , both mother and father put Amber Lynn to bed and were never more than 20 feet from her room during the period in which she was abducted . The LaPierres know all their neighbors up and down the street ... are on good terms with them . But no one saw a stranger , on a Friday , at a fairly early hour , enter into a locked and lighted home and remove this little girl undetected . Husband 's lying for his wife . I don 't think so . Why ? Because that doesn 't explain what happened to this little girl . What are you doing , Mulder ? There 's something in that abduction note that I 've seen before . That 's not what I mean . You 're personalizing this case . You 're identifying with your sister . My sister was taken by aliens . Did I say anything about aliens , Scully ? There are a lot of good agents up there in Skinner 's office who do not have the patience for this . What did I do ? I provided a logical counterpoint . You told them that they were wrong , Mulder . And they are . Pocatello , Idaho , 1987 . Look familiar ? Kathy Lee , visitors are here . Oh , can you let them in , please ? Hi , Ms. Tencate . My name is Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . You have a seat ? It 's not the Ritz . Um , we just have a few questions . We 've reviewed the facts of your case , and the facts seem to speak for themselves . Your six-year-old son Dean was taken from his bed while he slept . A note was found threatening his life , later determined to be written by you . You plead innocent at trial , but you were convicted and sentenced to 12 years , even though your son 's body was never found . Yes , that 's right . Your story is that , uh , on the night your son disappeared , you had a vision of him dead , but you thought it was your mind playing tricks on you . But when you got up to check on him , he was missing from his bed . Is that accurate ? Yes . Now , three years ago , after seven years of incarceration , you changed your story and confessed to the murder of your son in a fit of insanity , a psychotic break . Yes , that 's right . Why did you do it ? I don 't know . I was full of rage . I have a copy of the note that you wrote . Do you mind if I show it to you ? Now there 's a phrase down here at the bottom . " No one shoots at Santa Claus . " Can you explain what that means to me ? Uh , it means , that , uh ... when someone promises you something , a gift ... like Santa Claus ... that no one would do anything for fear of not getting the gift . A little girl disappeared from her bed three days ago . This is a note that was left at that scene . Will you take a look at that and tell me what it says at the bottom ? Same thing . Neither note makes a specific demand . In both cases , there 's no evidence of foul play or a break-in . And as in your son 's case , there 's no body to be found . I told them where the body was . Yes , you did , but , uh , it wasn 't where you said it was going to be . - I can 't explain it . - I think you can . I can 't ! You can 't explain it because you didn 't do anything . You didn 't kill your son and you didn 't bury him . You 're not guilty of anything other than a lie , just like these people . The only reason you changed your story was to get out of here , because you knew the parole board might buy the story of a psychotic break and of your terrible remorse , but they would never , never let a woman out of jail who claimed her son just disappeared out of thin air . Now , these people ... they need someone to tell them it 's okay , someone to corroborate their story . I 'm not that person . They need your help . That was utterly irresponsible , Mulder . It was out of line and it was without any basis in reality . Do you think that woman could have killed her son ? She was convicted in a court of law . So how do you explain those two notes , written ten years apart , could contain the same obscure phrase ? I can 't explain it , Mulder , but you 're doing exactly what I said . You 're personalizing this case . No , I 'm going to solve this case . I am going to solve it . How ? I 'm going to find those kids . What if they 're dead , Mulder ? Don 't go looking for something you don 't want to find . Guard ? Guard , please can you get them back ? Guard ! I need to talk . This is Fox Mulder . Leave a message . I 'll try to get back to you . Fox , it 's your mother . I 'd hoped you 'd call upon your return , but I haven 't heard from you . I 'm sure you 're busy . There are so many emotions in me , I wouldn 't know where to start . So much that I 've left unsaid for reasons I hope one day you 'll understand . This is highly unusual . I want to know what you 're doing here . There 's something I want your clients to see . I want to know what it is first . Don 't shoot at Santa Claus , Mr. Bring . You 're going to want to see it , too . I believe you share a secret . I 'm , uh ... I 'm doing this because I feel that it 's the right thing to do , and because I know what you 're going through , and I wouldn 't want to happen to you what happened to me . I just want to tell you that your little girl is okay . And I know you 're afraid of the truth , because I-I saw things that I was afraid of , too . And I can 't explain all of it except to say that I don 't remember ... ever ... thinking those words that I wrote , let alone writing them . It was like they wrote themselves using my hand . But , um , what I know for sure , because I feel it in my heart , is that my son is safe and protected and in a better place . Rumors and suspicions aside , the parents of Amber Lynn LaPierre were released today for lack of evidence against them , and after giving a new statement to the Sacramento Police , which insiders say has authorities still baffled and confused , recounting a detailed story that claims supernatural forces were at work when their daughter was abducted . The LaPierres , seen here returning to their home , declined comment ... Federal investigation of the case will continue , but will no longer focus on the LaPierres as primary suspects . We , uh ... we will intensify our search for Amber Lynn , and we remain hopeful of her eventual safe return . Intensify our search where ? The Twilight Zone ? I have a corroborating witness . In state prison . There 's a material connection between these two women . The only connection , Agent Mulder , is you . I 've got people busting their butts on this thing , Agent Mulder , putting together hard evidence , real evidence , while you 're out gathering Grimm 's Fairy Tales from convicted murderers . Doesn 't make sense . It 's incomprehensible in any kind of a real-world way . I deal in the real world , Agent Mulder . You begged onto this case as part of the solution . All you 've done is hand our only suspects the Twinkie defense . Sir ? What ? What is it , Agent Scully ? I need to have a word with Agent Mulder . It can wait . No , it can 't , sir . What is it , Scully ? Mulder , your mom 's dead . Mulder ? Over here . What is it ? Diazepam . She used them to sleep . Was there a note ? She called when I was in California . She wanted to talk , but , uh ... I never called her back . Mulder ... Uh ... why would she do this ? Just doesn 't make any sense . We never truly know why . No , she wouldn 't kill herself . Why are these pictures gone ? There were photos here . There were photos of my sister and I. This is all that she had left of us , and they 're missing . Why ... ? She saw me on the news . She wanted to talk about the missing girl Amber Lynn . She wanted to tell me something about her , or maybe she couldn 't tell me over the phone 'cause she was afraid that they would do something like this to her . Who ? Whoever took my sister . Look at this place . I mean , it 's like ... it 's-it 's all staged ... the pills , the oven , the tape . It 's like a bad movie script . They would have come here , and they would have threatened her . She would be upset ; they would have to sedate her . I would look for a , uh ... a needle puncture mark or something else in her system besides these pills . Oh , no , Mulder . Please don 't ask me to do this . Scully , who else can I ask ? An autopsy , Mulder ? I mean , it 's one thing on a stranger , but you 're my friend , and she 's your mother . I know , but if you don 't do it , I might never know the truth . You 've seen things . I need to understand them . Something 's happened to you . My mother 's dead . You know why . Look , I can help you . I can talk to the parole board for you . But right now , I need you to help me . I don 't understand what you want . I 'm not here by accident . My sister was taken away from me when she was eight years old , like your son was taken away from you . Where 's your sister now ? I don 't know . Your mother knew , didn 't she ? Why do you ask that ? She was trying to tell you . Tell me what ? She 'd seen them . Who ? The walk-ins . Old souls looking for new homes . Your sister 's among them . You can see them ? Yes . But sometimes it 's very difficult , because they live in the starlight . Is my sister dead ? They took her to protect her soul from the great harm it would have suffered in her life , just like they did my little boy . Where do they take them ? Your boy ? This little girl Amber Lynn LaPierre ? I don 't know . But they 're okay . I 'm sure your sister 's there , too . That 's not Rudolph . Do they all have names ? Is not . Is not . Like a lightbulb ! Red-nosed reindeer ! You can 't sing it . - Yes , I could . - No , you can 't . - I could . - No , you can 't . Hey , buddy . The kids want to see Santa . What about it ? He 's just flying in . We 're going to see Santa ! Fox , it 's your mother . I 'd hoped you 'd call upon your return , but I haven 't heard from you . I 'm sure you 're busy . There are ... so many emotions in me , I wouldn 't know where to start . So much that I 've left unsaid , for reasons I hope one day you 'll understand . There are ... so many emotions in me , I wouldn 't know where to start . So much that I 've left unsaid for reasons I hope one day you 'll understand . I 'm glad you 're here . My mother was trying to tell me something . Think I figured it out . Something about my sister she was never able to tell me . So much that I 've left unsaid for reasons I hope one day you 'll understand . She knew what I 'd find with this case out in California . How could she know that , Mulder ? A child disappearing without a trace ... without evidence ... in defiance of all logical explanation ? She knew because of what 's driven me ... what I 've always believed . Mulder ... Scully , these-these parents who have lost ... who 've lost their children ... they 've had visions of their sons and daughters in scenarios that never happened , but which they describe in notes that came through them as automatic writing and words that came through them psychically from old souls protecting the children . My mother must have written a note like that herself describing the scenario of my sister 's disappearance , of her abduction by aliens . Don 't you see , Scully ? It never happened . All these visions that I 've had have just been ... they 've been to help me cope , to help me deal with the loss , but ... I 've been looking for my sister in the wrong place . That 's ... what my mother was trying to tell me . That 's what she was trying to warn me about . That 's why they killed her . You mother killed herself , Mulder . I conducted the autopsy . She was dying of an incurable disease ... an untreatable and horribly disfiguring disease called Paget 's carcinoma . She knew it . There were doctor 's records . She didn 't want to live . Mulder ... She was trying to tell me something . She was trying to tell me something . Mulder , she was trying to tell you to stop . To stop looking for your sister . She was just trying to take away your pain . Hi . Hi . How 's he doing ? It 's been a hard night for him . Billie LaPierre is asking for him . She 's got something to say , and she 'll only talk to Mulder . It 's not a good ... What is it ? This case has heated up . I 've booked two flights for us . Well , then you better book three . Honey , wake up . He 's here . Come in , Agent Mulder . It 's okay . She 's here to help . What happened here , Billie ? I saw my daughter , right in this room . Standing right there . I swear to God . She was right over there in the pajamas her grandma gave her ... saying something to me . What was she saying ? I don 't know . Her lips were moving , but I couldn 't hear . I thought ... I thought she was saying " 74 . " " 74 " ? The number 74 ? Does that mean anything to you ? 74 mean anything to you , Mr. LaPierre ? Let 's go home . Mulder , we just got here . We 're not going to find these people 's daughter alive . How do you know that ? What we 're hearing ... it 's the delusional talk of people that don 't want to accept the truth . You think they know what happened to their child ? Maybe , maybe not , but you can 't see a ghost and still hope to find her alive . Both things can 't be true . And if this little girl 's spirit really did appear to her mother , then there 's probably only one explanation . You think the daughter 's dead . Well , what about the handwritten note ? I don 't know what that means . I don 't know what is the truth and what isn 't anymore . I 'm way too close to this case to make any kind of sound judgment . In fact , I would like to ask for you to let me off this case , please , and I 'd like to take some time off . What is it ? Santa Claus . What ? Stop . Turn around . Some of these tapes go back to the ' 60s . Think I know what we 're going to find here . It 's what my mother was afraid of ... my sister . It 's Amber Lynn LaPierre . This tape is dated two days before her disappearance . Hey ! Stop ! Keep your hands up ! What 's your name ? Ed ... Truelove . You 're under arrest . You have the right to remain silent . If you give up the right to remain silent , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to speak with an attorney and to have the attorney present during questioning . If you so desire ... Scully . I made this !
