 Ashes to ashes , dust to dust . We are here to deliver the body of Fox Mulder to its resting place . We pray to God to deliver his soul and to resolve the deep mysteries Fox Mulder sought so tirelessly to uncover . Let us pray now for his eternal peace . " ' I am the resurrection and the life , ' saith the Lord ; " ' he that believeth in me , though he were dead " ' yet shall he live ; and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die . \ x22' He was the last . His father and mother ... his sister ... all gone . I think the real tragedy ... is that for all of his pain and searching ... the truth that he worked so hard to fiind was never truly revealed to him . I can 't truly believe that I 'm really standing here . I know . And I don 't truly believe that ... Mulder 's the last . Smile , John . You look tense . I 've asked you here to commend you . What 's this ? A letter to the director citing your meritorious efforts in the recovery of Agent Fox Mulder . And a recommendation that you be considered for advancement . Sir , the assistant director here deserves more credit than I ... Deputy Director Kersh spoke to me at length before you came up . He thanked me and asked me to write you a letter , too . I 'm offiicially transferring you off the X-Files to a division more suited to your talents . Man of my word , Agent Doggett . Thank you for your support , sir . But all things being equal I , uh ... would like to give any transfer some thought . Fish while they 're biting , John . Hey , good morning , Agent Scully . How you feeling today ? I 'm fline . How are you feeling ? Me ? Good . But then I don 't got a little J. Edgar to lug around . A.D. Skinner just called . He told me about your meeting with Kersh . Well , whatever he told you I 'm still going to be here to drive you crazy with questions and nagging doubt . You 'd be crazy to stay Agent Doggett . This is a huge career opportunity for you . It 's not my career he 's got in mind . What do you mean ? In six weeks , you go on maternity leave . Kersh transfers me out , guess what . He gets to lock that door over there for good . You don 't owe me anything , Agent Doggett . They put me down here to find Mulder . I found him . So what ? We still got an open fille on this case and I got big questions . What ? I heard the same speech come out of my mouth seven years ago . Get out while you can , Agent Doggett ... or you may never get out at all . All stop ! In the net ! Get the light ! Down there ! Further out ! Get Coast Guard on the radio ! Tell them to send a chopper out ! Doesn 't look like there 's any big reason to hurry . So , what 's the deal here ? Body was found at sea . D.A. wants to know how it got there . At 2 : 00 in the morning ? I 've once to see a D.A. down here in his jammies waiting for an answer . I see a surgical cut or scar on the sternum linear pattern scarring on each facial cheek . But for a certain enviable postmortem intumescence this man is unremarkable . Short of this body sitting up and telling us what happened I 'd say we 've got a long night ahead . Doctor ... it moved . Joke 's on me , right ? Its mouth ... its lips ... they moved . Yeah , well , maybe he 's trying to tell ... Yeah . It 's Skinner . I want you to meet me at the Bureau in about 20 minutes . For what ? I got a call from the police pathologist down in Wilmington , North Carolina . Fishermen pulled in a dead body 50 miles offshore which they 've now ID 'd as Billy Miles . Billy Miles ? Kid from Oregon . He was abducted same time Mulder was last May . So what 's the big hurry now ? Now he 's alive . You told Agent Scully any of what you told me ? No . My strong recommendation , sir : don 't . This thing pans out or not you 're going to reopen wounds that still need a lot of healing . Not to mention the fact that she 's had a diffiicult pregnancy . You know that as well as anybody . I appreciate your concern , Agent Doggett but I wouldn 't have told her anyway . Certainly not where we 're going . Where are we going ? I 'll say it again . We 're opening up more than a grave here . I respect that , Agent Doggett but under the circumstances I think not digging it up would be far more regrettable , don 't you ? No . I think this is insanity . Yeah , well , personally , I couldn 't live with the doubt . That what ? That we buried a man alive ? We found Mulder , you and me together . We saw the same body . Mulder wasn 't just dead , he 'd been dead for days . Had to have a closed casket . For crying out loud , the body was too far gone and that was three months ago . The kid they pulled from the ocean , Billy Miles from the extensive tissue necrosis they think he could 've been in the water for months . Heart beat , rate of metabolism ... it slowed to imperceptibility . I mean , the body had rigored . For all intents and purposes , he was dead . It 's a fluke that the doctor even noticed . I don 't believe it . I don 't believe I 'm even standing here . What the hell is this ? Assistant Director Skinner ? Yes . Arthur Gaffiin , county coroner . I asked you to keep this thing low-key . Word spreads . Exhumation 's big news any day of the week and you have the body moved to another county to a specifiic pathologist . Well , that takes people and paperwork . I want these people out of here . All right , listen up , ladies and gentlemen . As much as you 're here to see the horror show I 'm not letting that casket open up until we get some privacy . It 's a private matter . Thank you . Agent Skinner , so no one 's confused this is a completely different scenario . I 'm only here ' cause you asked for me . I don 't expect to fiind anything in this box but a dead man . It 's not going to be Curse of the Mummy , okay ? No claw marks on the lid of the coffiin . I 'll say it again : insanity . Is it true ? Slow down . No . I want to see him . - I know you do ... - No , I need to see him , damn it ! You 're not going in there . Scully , you can 't . Tell me it 's true . Tell me . It 's so improbable ... and I would have said impossible before this . The clinical fact he 's alive when effectively this man , his tissue and I presume his neural and vascular systems are all in a state of decomposition . What does that mean ? That effectively he 's dead . What did they say ? I need to see him . I know ... but I wish you wouldn 't . You wanted to see me , sir ? Yes , John . Please come in . I 've been in this offiice just over six months and I haven 't yet had to see a sunrise from it . I believe the sunrise isn 't for another hour and six minutes , sir . It serves a man to have useful information , John . One never knows when he might fiind himself having to survive on his wits alone . Yes , sir . I know you look forward to a future at the FBI , John . You take your job seriously . I hope you took my job offer seriously , too . As I said , I 'm thinking about it . I got a call about this ... Mulder thing . I want you to drop it . Drop it ? You know the tune : if it looks bad , it 's bad for the FBI . I 'm throwing you a rope . Don 't go and hang yourself with it now . Who-who are you , and what are you doing ? Nothing . I was just looking in on the patient and he started to go into grand mal seizure . I , uh , I-I think he 's all right now . Um , it 's okay . I 'm , uh ... Sorry . I 'm a ... I 'm a doctor . My name is Scully , and I 'm with the FBI . You 're here to treat him ? No . No , I , uh ... the man down the hall was my ... is my partner and we knew Billy and I-I guess I was just hoping that there might be some indication that he was getting better ... somehow . Anyway ... Um ... you might want to tell the doctor about this and , uh ... and check those monitors carefully . I think I might have seen some kind of equipment malfunction . Oh , a-are you all right , sir ? I 'm okay . I 'm okay . Okay , thank you . All aboard . I don 't know how you got in this building , Krycek but whatever it is you want ... you can go to hell . What do you want from me ? Let 's take a ride . The word on the street is he 's back from the dead . He 's a regular Houdini . Tell me what you want . What I want is to give you the chance to save Mulder 's life . You don 't believe me ? No , I don 't . I can push a little button and send thousands of nanobots lying dormant in your bloodstream sizzling to your brain stem and all I want to do with that power is save a man 's life . I don 't think his life can be saved . I have a vial that contains a vaccine . Mulder knows of it . His father developed it to fight the alien virus . There 's no vaccine can help the man I found in that grave . You found him , and you don 't even know what you got . It 's a push of a button , Walter . You can 't do this to yourself . You asked me not to come in here Agent Doggett . I hope you 're not asking me to leave . Concern 's for your well-being , Agent Scully . That 's all it 's ever for . I felt this was a bad idea from the start . I told the Assistant Director so . Worrying about the effect it might have on you . You mean fiinding Mulder alive ? I know you came in here with the doctors . I 'm sure you must have asked them what his chances are . Agent Doggett however I felt about you when we fiirst met you changed my opinion with the quality of your character and of your work . Now , I am thankful to know you and I am thankful for your concern but no matter what Mulder 's chances are the choice not to open up that grave was wrong . And not because of me personally but as my partner on the X-Files . Now , the truth may hurt but it 's all that matters . What truth ? About what caused this . You 've got to come quickly ! It 's Billy Miles . I don 't really remember all that much of anything . Do you have any idea what you 're doing here , Billy ? Do you have any conscious memory at all ? I remember water . And I remember being on the ship . You were found by a fiishing boat . That 's not what you mean ... is it , Billy ? You mean ... a spacecraft . They took so many this time . But now I understand . They 're here to save us . Well , that 's great news . I 'm going to let you two talk . Agent Doggett ... where are you going ? Back to the real world . Why ? You just won 't believe it , will you ? Not even for a minute . Not even with it staring you right in the face . Is that so important to you ? What I believe or don 't believe ? I 'm really not up to this assignment anyway as you so gently put it . Agent Doggett you spoke with his doctors . He was lying on his deathbed . I 'm with you , Agent Scully . It 's a medical mystery , for sure . But don 't ask me to take a load of horse crap for the gospel truth . I underestimated you , Agent Doggett . I thought this was just simple ... resistance to extreme possibilities ... when , in fact , you 're just downright bullheaded . Do you believe it , Agent Scully ? I mean that stuff he said about aliens coming to save the world . Hi . Nobody called me about Billy . I know . I 'm sorry . What , this is incredible . It 's too incredible . Sir , there isn 't a piece of medical data on him that isn 't 100 % normal . Why are you questioning that ... when it could mean that the doctors are wrong about Mulder ? Because it doesn 't make sense . I mean , there should be blood fluid , electrolyte imbalances loss of brain function but as it is , it 's like he shed his skin and literally became a new person . And I don 't mean the same person . What are the chances this could be due to an alien influence ? Could it be a virus ? Why are you asking me this ? Sir , if you know something ... Look , we-we 're working against the clock here . This , this could happen to Mulder . And until we know what it is we have to do everything to control it . There may be a vaccine . Where ? It doesn 't come without a price . This is about saving a man 's life . Yes . It is . Brother ... you aren 't someone I expected to be ... paying me a visit . How are they treating you ? Treating me ? Like a prophet . That 's what I 'm here about , your prophecies ... these preachings of yours . Oh ... You misread me , is that it ? I want to know about these men and woman you say you would fiind left for dead . You found someone yourself . Left for dead , but who 's not dead . Yes . You 're here to receive the word ... and yet you can 't bring yourself to say my name . Say it . Absalom . \ x22I am the resurrection and the life . \ x22He who believeth in me ... though he were dead , yet shall he live . \ x22 Do you know the words ? They 're from the Bible . What is the Bible ? Preaching ... prophecy ... misread . Look , I 'm not here to debate theology . I 'm here because somehow you healed these people and I want to know how you did it . I need your help . You ask for my help ... but you refuse to believe in me . It 's hard to believe , isn 't it ... that Mulder could ever possibly get out of that bed ? I need the vaccine , Alex . Yeah ? Time is wasting . What do I have to do ? Oh , it 's simple , really . Make sure Scully doesn 't come to term . You 're out of your mind . She can 't have that baby . No . The answer is no . We all have a life in our hands . I have yours ... you have Mulder 's ... and Scully has her unborn child . It 's who 's willing to sacrifiice . Where are you going ? Look , I don 't have time to waste debating our differences , Agent Doggett . I strongly believe that Agent Mulder is infected with a virus . A virus ? A virus that seems to keep the body just alive enough to take it through a transformation ... Into ... let me guess ... an alien . Agent Doggett , I don 't have time to argue . I 'm not arguing , and for what it 's worth that 's what this guy that first found Mulder told me . This man that we put in prison ... Absalom ? He told you this was a virus ? No . He said the abductees were being returned and left for dead that if he hadn 't have found them and done his hocus-pocus they would 've been resurrected as aliens . It was all part of some big alien takeover of the world . That 's it . What 's it ? How Billy Miles came back so perfectly . I stood there and watched his body go into seizure just moments before this happened . On the monitor , there were two heartbeats and I told the nurse that it was just a mechanical error . This kid has sloughed his skin and come back as an alien ? And it 'll happen to Mulder if we don 't stop it soon . Where are you going ? I need a surgical bay , a team of doctors . I have to keep Mulder 's body stabilized in order to administer the vaccine . What vaccine ? The one I asked A.D. Skinner to get me . Assistant Director ? Open up . It 's John Doggett . What the hell are you doing ? You don 't understand . You 're killing him . I have no choice . He wanted me to kill Scully 's baby . Who ? Alex Krycek ... for the vaccine . It 's the only way he 'd give it to me but I couldn 't trust him . I couldn 't do that to her . Where is he ? Stop the car ! You looking for this ? It 's the vaccine for Mulder . Agent Doggett . Agent Mulder 's in the O.R. Did you get the vaccine ? Listen to me . You weren 't wrong . He wasn 't to be trusted . He 's going to make it ? I don 't know . I ... I really don 't know how we could 've known . What ? That by keeping him on life support we were incubating the virus . We were hastening it along . How 'd you fiigure it out ? When Skinner pulled Mulder off of the machines his temperature dropped rapidly without affecting his vital signs . You mean Skinner saved him . What about the vaccine ? If we can stabilize him and his temperature we can give him courses of antivirals . I think it could work . John . Sir . Morning rush hour . I got here as quickly as I could . Missed the sunrise . I was with Agent Scully . I know . It 's going to be awful crowded down in thatX-Files offiice . Maybe you didn 't hear me . I said you 're on the wrong floor . Yes , sir . Mulder ... Hi . Who are you ? Oh , my God . Don 't do that to me . Do you know ... ? Do you have any idea what you 've been through ? Only what I see in your face . Anybody miss me ?
