 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( " Ca Va Ca Va " by Karl Zero ) Bitch . Bartender , seven and seven , pack of Morleys Seven and seven , pack of Morleys . We have a winner . Do I know you ? Do you know me ? Come on , Wayne-o . I 'm part of the regular game . You know your problem , my friend ? it 's not the cards . It 's playing the hand you were dealt . Plenty of guys get a bad deal . it 's all in what you do with it . You know what I 'm saying , partner ? You can think . Cards can 't . They just lie there . You gotta make them work for ya . Jack of hearts . 2,598,960 possible five-card hands , 1277 flushes in any given suit , 1,980,240 ways to make two pairs , and yet the game can 't beat the man . IVlan only beats himself . And so on and so forth . She comes here every Friday , loses her paycheck , cries all weekend . Such a nice girl . I keep hoping her luck is gonna change and she could catch a break . We gonna blow this joint ? Call it a night ? Hey , Wayne-o , you 're bluffing me , right ? You 're gonna show me Fifth Street . Walk right outta here , surprise me . For a change . Three of hearts . Two of clubs . - ( coins rattle ) - I won ! I won ! ( woman ) Oh , my God ! Help me , please ! Help me ! Somebody help me . There 's a woman who 's been murdered . Somebody help me . Oh , God ! ( " Ca Va Ca Va " by Karl Zero ) Agent Reyes ? Three plus four is seven . Seven and six are 13 . - What are you doing ? - 10 . 13 . 14 . 16 . I wanna ask you to open your mind to something . Don 't think I 'm crazy . Why would I think that you 're crazy ? Do you believe the universe is knowable as a mathematical calculation of the whole ? - No . - Why not ? Because its complexity doesn 't allow for it to be reduced so simply . But you accept that some people do ? I presume you mean the so-called unified theory , what physicists refer to as the theory of everything - an equation so simple they say that it might be printed on a T-shirt . It 's a holy grail in the world of science , potentially the most important question that mankind has ever asked . But that such a complex calculation is even possible is a subject of great controversy . Is that what you mean ? Um ... potentially . Carla Maria Carpenter . Born 2-1-77 . Killed outside a nightclub two years ago . Her murder remains unsolved . Judy Ann Fuller . Born 3-21-69 . Killed at a mall two years ago . Unsolved . Julie Frances Gresham . Born 1-22-80 . Killed in her parked car last month . Unsolved . Agent Reyes , if there 's a connection that I 'm supposed to be seeing , I 'm not seeing it . And our latest victim . Amy Sheridan Noffsbergen Born 4-4-77 . Killed two weeks ago in a casino . Police have yet to find her killer . Am I to presume that you 've solved these unsolved murders by using some kind of numerical calculation ? Letters of names assigned values , added to birth dates , reduced to the lowest common denominator . A-J-S equal one . B-K-T ... Numerology , Agent Reyes . You 're trying to solve these cases by using what is essentially a child 's game . It 's been used since the 6th century BC , when Pythagoras determined that the world was built on the power of numbers . And when exactly did you stumble upon it ? We did it as kids . I still do it . You meet people at a party , ask them their birth date . It 's an icebreaker . As I was reading the story of this woman , I calculated she was a 14 - what they call a karmic number , a significant numerological number - prompting me to look at these other unsolved cases , the victims of which also work out to have karmic numbers : 10 , 13 , 16 . So in other words you haven 't actually solved these cases . " Cracked " is a better word . Without any other evidence to directly connect them , circumstantial or forensic ? What ? Can you enlarge this ? Can I see the rest of those photos ? What is it ? There 's a pattern in the bruising . Yeah . All four of the victims have it . Three small circles . It might be from a ring that the Killer wears . You 're saying these cases are connected . That numerology may actually be driving the killer and that I 'm definitely not crazy . Or that maybe you 're both crazy . ( " Ponciana " by Karl Zero ) ( mouths lyrics of song ) ( speaks Italian ) Arrivederci _ Wayne-o . Come stai ? Quit following me or you might find yourself dead real soon . Oh , come on , Wayne-o . That 's not your style . Doesn 't fit your pattern . Far be it from me to rat you out . Can 't show ' em what they can 't see . Now , two clowns and a man with a crown . Want to try your luck , sailor ? King runs , but he can 't hide . How can you lose ? Kids ' stuff . There goes the neighbourhood . But Mr Money lives right next door . There 's a secret to this game , Wayne-o , and I 'm gonna tell you what the secret is . Choose better . You got something to say to me , you say it . Son , I just did . Hello ? There 's a clipboard there with three forms . Fill out the top one . Or all three if you wanna unlock your secret numbers for love , life and true happiness . I 'm not here for a personal chart . I 'm with the FBI , investigating a series of deaths that seem to have a numerological connection . I give insights to the living . The dead already know their future . These are murders . I want your help in solving them . You may overestimate the work I 'm capable of . My hope is , in doing the victims ' numerology , you 'll be able to draw a picture of the killer . I don 't think you understand . I run a little business here . People come here if they wanna improve their lives , get rich , marry the man of their dreams . Look around . If I could actually provide that kind of information ... I don 't have to draw you a picture . - You don 't believe in it . - At best , it 's an art . I have established a numerological connection between all of these victims . If I found the killer , I might prevent this happening again . ( sighs ) Let me see what I can come up with . ( cellphone rings ) - Monica Reyes . - Monica , you 're not gonna believe this . We found two more cases , two more victims to add to this thing . Both with the same marks on their faces . I knew you were good , but this ? This is career-launching . You better get back here . ( applause ) Nice work . Well done . Well done . Thank you . By tying these cases together , VICAP is now developing a profile on the man we are officially calling the Triple Zero Killer . Through the identification of the pattern he leaves , we have connected six unsolved cases to one murderer , including these two new cases . Agent Scully will act as a point person on the case forensics . Three recent killings and three from 1999 . The pattern appears to be murders in tnrees on a serpentine trail up the Eastern seaboard . Agent Doggett will lead the task force . Here 's what we don 't know . One : how he chooses his victims . Two : how he kills . Three : if he 'll kill again soon or disappear like two years ago . He may have been incarcerated . We may be looking for someone with a record . Excellent observation . The killer is strong . He uses his fists as weapons . Brute force . He is angry and he acts on impulse . Good . Important . Agent Reyes , we 're all working off your lead . Give us your special insight into this case . Well , the killer probably has a soul number of either four or six . His birth path is - I 'm guessing - a nine or maybe a six . The destiny and realisation numbers are karmic . I 'll know for sure once I 've got the charts from the numerologist , but the killer is probably working off numerical vibrational disharmonies . ( cellphone rings ) That 's her now . - Monica Reyes . - Agent Reyes ? - I 've been running numbers on the victims . - Yes ? - And the strangest thing has come up . - What ? What is it ? There 's three forms in the clipboard . Fill in the top one , or all three if you wanna unlock ... I want her body sent to Quantico . I want facts . I want details . I want Agent Scully to go over this woman with a fine-tooth comb . And I want you to tell me who else knows about this . - About what ? - This case . About you coming to this office to see this woman . I don 't think I told anyone . Then how did the killer find his way here ? Chance ? Coincidence ? We got a guy working the Eastern seaboard , murdering along the coast . Tell me how he winds up here , in this building , on this floor , in this room , on the same day you came to see her if he didn 't know . That 's why I came to see this woman : to find out who the killer is , why he does what he does . We have a reputation to uphold . The FBI doesn 't go to numerologists for the same reason we don 't consult horoscopes or palm readers or crystal balls . A killer kills for a reason . He lives in the world of cause and effect , as we all do . He gets an impulse and acts on it . Always the case , even if he doesn 't know it . And that 's how we catch him . If he acts on impulses he can 't understand , isn 't it possible we can 't understand them ? Can we not accept that every killer is not driven by the same impulses ? That there are impulses that not every killer kills for ? No . - Why not ? - Because it 's unacceptable . But if Reyes didn 't tell anyone she was coming , the only person who could have any idea is somebody at the FBI . An inside job ? I don 't buy it . - Don 't we have to accept it as a possibility ? - No , we don 't . - Why ? - Because it 's highly improbable . - But not impossible . - Six of one , half a dozen of the other . - How would you like us to proceed , sir ? - The bottom line is , I want results . I don 't care how you go about it . What I want is this killer caught . All right , let 's get the body outta here . - Maybe you were followed . - How ? If the killer didn 't even know I was looking for him ? You explain it , then . This woman called me just before she was murdered . She had something to tell me , something in the victims ' charts . - Their charts ? - Their numerology . A calculation of numbers that rule their lives in 13 categories . - But a calculation based on what ? - On names and birth dates . Because my name is John J Doggett and I was born April 4 , 1960 , I got a magic number ? Six . Which makes you an active , adaptive , curious person , who insists on their independence , loves a bargain , and wants to be successful . - That describes pretty much anyone . - People are people . - Right . They 're not numbers . - Then what was she calling me for ? I 'm gonna leave you here to figure that out . I 'm going back to the Bureau . ( " La Panse " by Karl Zero ) ( whistling along with song ) - Buongiorno , Wayne-o . - Who do you think you are ? Who do you think I am ? - Don 't say a word . - Do I ever ? You 're just trying to get me caught . I 'm just playing a game of dominoes . Long as you 're sitting here , though , how are you feeling ? - Go to hell . - Are the reservations in your name ? You 're a card . You really are a card . But I love you . - Got time for a quick game ? - I don 't play your games . Nota truer word 's been spoken . The deceased is Vicki Louise Burdick . Upon external examination , cause of death appears to be a fatal blow to the maxilla , in which a small three-ring pattern lies . I will begin my internal examination at 6.06pm _ Agent Scully . - I 've got something to show you . - What is it ? I figured out what the triple-zero pattern on the victim is . They aren 't zeroes at all . It 's the number 666 , only worn away . It must be stamped on the killer 's ring . 666 - the mark of the devil . Of course . How 'd you figure that ? - I didn 't . - Then how 'd you discover it ? Completely by accident . I discovered something . The victims ' charts , when the numbers were figured , the numerologist found they were a match to her own numbers . - How did the killer find her ? - It obviously wasn 't an accident . And how does that help us find the killer ? It doesn 't . ( " Inouis " by Karl Zero ) Agent Doggett , I think we have a psychological profile on the murderer . - What is it ? - Based on the amalgam of forensic detail , the facts , such as time and place of the murders and the amount of force , the killer is a man in his mid-twenties to late-forties , average build and looks , who is driven by rage stemming from a hatred of his mother . He was a bed-wetter who was made to feel inferior , which he took out on the world by killing small animals . - That 's it ? - Go to work . That 's the average profile of almost every single serial killer the FBI 's ever hunted . Is that really all that surprising ? Is there a problem , Agent Doggett ? It 's the way Agent Reyes found the cases . I don 't think she should so easily be dismissed . You don 't believe in this nonsense ? Look at this . The path of the killer forms the number six . - Your point ? - I don 't know . I just noticed it . Have you noticed all babies look like Winston Churchill ? Same difference , Agent Doggett . But what if this is the killer 's pattern ? What if the number six has some kind of significance to the murders ? It may ... to you and Agent Reyes , but not to victim number seven . If we could analyse these numbers , I know we could figure this out . Despite what we know about the victims ' numerology , about the ring , we really know next to nothing about where to start looking for this man . The answer 's gonna come to me . You going down ? Thank you . Get outta the elevator ! Move ! Just be cool . Be cool . All right ? Everything 's gonna be fine . BS cool . - It 's him . - He 's going down . Stairs . ( " Torero " by Karl Zero ) Not getting reception . Oh , great ! No service . We have to get an APB out on that car . Did you happen to see a plate ? No . We 've got all the numbers on this case except for the ones we need . Maybe there 's another way out . It 's only midnight . There 's gotta be somebody coming in or out soon . How do we know who was driving that car ? That it was even him ? That the killer 's not still here ? We are federal agents and we 're armed ! If you are here and you make any sudden moves , we will be forced to consider you a threat . ( man clears his throat ) Stay where you are ! Right there ! Hands where we can see them ! Get out of the car slowly . - Did I do something wrong ? - Step around the back of the car . I want you to show us some identification . - I don 't have a wallet . - Do you have some form of ID ? - I don 't think so . - Sir , what are you doing here ? - Waiting for a friend . - At midnight , in a parking garage ? We have this regular game we play . - What kind of game ? - Checkers . The checkers are in the trunk , if either of you play . Sir , does it look like we 're here to play checkers ? No . What are you here for ? Get your hands back up in the air ! Step forvvard _ Put your hands on the trunk . He 's clean . All right . Let 's pop the trunk . - What 's all this ? - Music . - You must really like music . - I love it . The classics , of course . Mozart , Bach . The earlier jazz , Louis Armstrong , Sinatra , doo-Wop , Elvis , marching bands ... Sir , enough . Don 't get me wrong - I love all music , but I prefer the stuff that lasts . You like them ? Keep ' em . Thanks to the wondrous world of digital technology , I can always make more . What time is your friend coming ? Soon . - What do you wanna do ? - I don 't know . I don 't know . I have some nice dance music . We happen to be here because there is a serial killer on the loose . - How many did he kill ? - Seven women now . - How are you gonna catch him ? - We 're not , stuck down here . You sure there 's nothing I can do ? - Do you have the combination to the door ? - No . Do you have a cellphone that works ? I wish I did . There 's always checkers . ( " El Bodeguero " by Karl Zero ) Next victim ? How did we get ourselves into this ? ( gunshot ) Cha cha cha . Agent Reyes ? Your hair colour . I don 't believe it . - ( man ) What ? - What if we 're his next victims ? You ? - The seventh victim was a blonde . - But neither of you are blondes . He kills in threes . Blonde , redhead , brunette . The next victims will be a redhead and a brunette . Amazing ! From a game of checkers . Who are you ? Obviously someone you are very lucky to have run into . No . No . - You 're part of this . - How do you figure that ? No. it 's all in the numbers . It makes perfect sense . The numbers led us to the killer . The killer led us to the garage . And now all we 've done is recognise the killer 's real serial pattern . - So I didn 't have anything to do with it . - Hey , keep your hands up . Why ? I don 't know . - What 's this about numbers ? - Will you ... I 'm good with numbers . The killer is driven by an impulse we believe is numerological _ - Of course , he 's a serial killer . - No , that 's not what she means . She thinks that his acts are determined by a calculation of numbers . So the killer 's not in control of his actions , the numbers are ? YSS . Are the numbers helping you catch him or are they helping him not get caught ? That 's a good question . - So , it 's a kind of a game . - No , it 's not . No , maybe it is . Maybe that 's what this is about - who wins the game . - I think she 's on to something . - Agent Reyes , you can 't reduce complex factors , physical and psychological , into a game . You 're a scientist , your world is ruled by numbers - atoms , molecules , periodicity . Wow ! So mightn 't everything made from them be ruled by numbers too ? - Genes , chromosomes , us , the universe . - Go , girl . Agent Reyes , that is utter nonsense , OK ? It would mean that we are just checkers on a checkerboard being moved around by some forces completely outside and unbeknownst to us . - What did Einstein say ? - There 's a winner . " God does not play dice with the universe . " Nor does he play checkers . Look , Agent Reyes , you can 't reduce all of life , all creation , every piece of art , architecture , music , literature into a game of win or lose . Why not ? Maybe the winners are those who play the game better . Those who see the patterns and connections , like us right now . Free Will . Maybe we 're not the next victims . Maybe we 're here because we saw the numbers and we 're here to catch the killer . But the killer is outside , killing , and we are stuck in a parking garage . What if he 's not ? What if we didn 't look hard enough ? What if the killer 's still down here ? What are you looking at ? Same thing you are . - ( man ) So what now ? - You go left , I 'll go right . You , you stay right where you are . Oh , there 's no getting rid of me . He 's going fast . - Are you OK ? - Yeah . I think so . Can you hear me ? Why 'd you do it , kill those women ? How did you ever find us ? I saw something in his pattern made me realise there was gonna be nine victims , and that maybe you two were gonna be eight and nine . Where 'd he go ? ( " l Love You For Sentimental Reasons " by Karl Zero ) ( phone rings ) Hello ? - All right . I need to know . - What ? What my numerology is ... my number ... Whatever you call it . What am I ? You 're a nine . Which means what ? Nine is completion . You 've evolved through all the other numbers to a spiritual realisation that this life is only part of a larger whole . Dana , are you there ? - There 's something else that 's bugging me . - What 's that ? Who was that man ? God knows . ( " lo Mammate E Do " by Karl Zero ) ( they sing along to song in Italian ) Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
