 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi Hey ! ( rustling ) Jane Doe . Found last night entombed in a tenement wall by an agent following an anonymous tip . Time of death , approximately 2100 hours , from three stab wounds to the abdomen . Dirt and clay were found under the nails of her right hand . What are those lacerations on her arms and feet ? Predation from rats . The agent was led to her body by the sound of their feeding . Anyone ? She was killed someplace else . She clawed at the dirt before succumbing to her injuries . That 's possible . What else would help us ID this victim , find the killer ? - It 's obvious , isn 't it ? - What is ? The chipped nail polish . The drugstore hair rinse . This is a single woman , unemployed . That 's why no one 's lD 'd her . You found blood alcohol ? Point zero four . She hooked up with the wrong man in a bar . He killed her . - This man has killed before . - And you Know that because ... ' ? That bruise beneath her ribs , it 's from the hilt of a knife . The killer intended a single blow the blade thrusting upward at a 45-degree angle into the heart , causing death instantly - but she struggled , so he missed . Then he got mad . Like I said - obvious . Agent Scully ? Great . Thank you . - You got something ? - Quite a lot . We 've identified your Jane Doe as Ellen Persich . - 28 , from Redland , Maryland . - How 'd you make the ID so fast ? The bar she was at last night is half a mile from where another woman , Rita Shaw , was murdered two weeks ago , apparently by the same killer . The body John found was the second victim ? This says that Rita Shaw was found in a ditch , dead from a single knife wound . The woman I found was plastered behind a wall and stabbed three times . I didn 't make the connection at first , but the lab confirms that it was the same knife in both killings . - How did you make the connection ? - I didn 't . But one of my students realised that the killer only meant to stab Doggett 's victim once . The other wounds were out of anger because he missed . - That 's a pretty astute observation . - Amazingly so . - Does this cadet have any other answers ? - Like what ? I wanna know why someone tipped me off to this case , cos this isn 't an X-File . I don 't know , Agent Doggett , but now that you 've got this case , I 'd say run with it . Cadet Hayes . Rudolph Hayes . I 'm Agent Doggett . This is Agent Reyes . Is that part of the training here , Cadet ? Smelling body parts ? This man 's flesh smells of creosote , but his skin is soft ... untanned . He worked indoors , a hardware store , probably . The tear marks at his elbow go from left to right . He was broadsided in a car accident . His hands gripped the wheel so hard , his thumb bone snapped on impact . You determined all that just by looking at that arm ? I see things . ( Reyes ) We came to thank you . Because of your analysis , we were able to work up a profile to catch the murderer . - What 's the profile ? - White male , 25 to 35 , ex-military . Employed near the bars where he met ... Why are you shaking your head ? The profile 's wrong . Your killer is in his forties , a felon recently arrived from out of state . His parole officer thinks he 's looking for a job . He already has one , working for organised crime . He 's killed many people . He 's gonna keep on killing . Kind of annoying , isn 't he ? John . Nicholas Rigali ? I 'm Agent Reyes . This is Agent Doggett . Don 't put ' em away so fast , Agents . I wanna read ' em . John J ... Dogg ... ett . ( whispers ) Monica Reyes . Mr Rigali , you 're in town in violation of the terms of your parole back in New York . Call my parole officer . She 'll tell you I 'm here looking for work . You come here often , Mr Rigali ? Like last night , when Ellen Persich got murdered in the parking lot out back ? Last night ? I don 't remember . Maybe you remember being at the Bent Oak . Bartender says he saw you there two weeks ago . Same night a woman named Rita Shaw got stabbed in the heart . What do you have to say about that , Mr Rigali ? You folks don 't know what you 're dealing with . You don 't wanna play this game , flatfoot _ Not with me . You like to kill women , Mr Rigali ? You may think you can get away with it but that 's not gonna happen . Like I said , you really don 't know what you 're dealing with . I think we do . Agent Dogg ... ett , Agent Reyes . - How long you been standing there ? - Not long . I 'm glad you dropped by . I wanted to tell you we hit pay dirt with your profile . No arrest yet but we 're building our case . There 's something else . There 's another case I 'd like you to take a look at . A seven-year-old boy rides his bike around the block . His mom 's on the porch counting his laps . He waves to her every time he goes by , and after six laps he doesn 't come back around . She goes looking for him . She finds his bike lying on the sidewalk . There 's no witnesses . No ransom demands . No clue as to who took him or why . The cops search door to door , block to block for two days . Nothing , no news at all . And after three days ... they find him in afield . It 's all in here . The particulars ... About my son . I 've been over this I don 't know how many times . But after nine years , there 's not a lot to go on . You were such a big help yesterday . If there 's anything you see here ... Agent Doggett , that case I helped you with yesterday ? That is your son 's . What is this ? Unsolved murders . I started collecting them before I came to the FBI . I couldn 't tell you why . What do you do with these ? If I sit with them ... for a long time ... Very quietly ... They tell me things . That 's how I see what I see . You 've been following my son 's case . For a long time . He calls to me . Cadet , you should know there 's a real good chance you 're nuts . Do you recognise that man ? It 's Bob Harvey . It 's the closest we ever had to a suspect . He died , killed in a car crash last year in New Orleans . This man killed my son ? He took him . He didn 't kill him . Are you saying the same man that killed those women killed my son ? This guy Rigali ? Assistant Director ? Can I have a minute ? It 's not a good time . I 'm off to a meeting with the director . - This can 't wait . - And the director can ? OK . You 've got one minute . When you were in New York , you worked the organised crime task force . IVlm-hm . Did you ever hear of a guy named Nicholas Rigali ? Yeah . He was a collector , a low-level thug . Why are you asking , Agent Doggett ? When the New York office was investigating my son 's death , his name never came up . Why would it ? - You believe he was involved ? - I 've got no evidence , but somebody 's telling me he 's mixed up with the suspect in my son 's case , Bob Harvey . I never heard that . And I 'm sure I 'd remember . You want me to ask around and pull some files ? I 'll see what I can find . I 'd appreciate it . ( Reyes ) John ? - Where you been ? - Chasing down leads . We were supposed to meet in the office this morning , to go over what we have on Rigali I think this guy Rigali may have been involved in Luke 's death . What ? ! Since when ? Since I 've been talking to Cadet Hayes . He says Rigali knew Harvey , they were in on it together . - How could he possibly know that ? - How does he know half the stuff he knows ? I did some digging . I found out that Bob Harvey and Rigali both did time at Wallkill in 1988 . That doesn 't mean they knew each other . I tracked Rigali 's credit-card use , Monica . The day Luke disappeared he gassed his car up two miles from my house . Rigali is a New Yorker . A lot of New Yorkers visit Long Island . This is not evidence . Not even close . I will never know how badly it hurt you to lose your son , or how much pain you still carry . I understand now much you wanna find his killer . But I don 't wanna see you disappointed . Not again . It 's not gonna happen . Not this time . Hi , Barbara . How you doing ? When 'd you get the new furniture ? Last year . Just wanted to make a change . It looks great . - You look great . - You need to call first , John . Kinda throws me when you just show up here . I 'm sorry . It won 't happen again . - I need to talk to you , Barb . - It 's about Luke . - I got a suspect . - Oh , God , John ! I know , I know . But ... this time it 's different . Is it ? " He could be . " " He might be . " I wanna find out who did this just as badly as you do , but I don 't want you coming over here again , bringing all this up , unless you know . Unless you absolutely know . That 's what I thought . This guy may have been cruising the neighbourhood . You could have seen him . Did you hear anything I said ? Agent Scully ? I 'm Barbara . John 's ex-wife . - Hi . I 'm Dana . Nice to meet you . - They said you 'd be coming by . - You couldn 't make the identification ? - I didn 't expect to . You know he doesn 't think clearly about this . He can 't . - He blames himself . - He thinks he failed Luke . In his mind , he can never do enough , never suffer enough for what happened . I think if you could help him find the man who did this , maybe ... he could move on . He and Monica could have something together . He just won 't let her in . They 're letting him go . For now . I 'll be at my mom 's till tomorrow . Tell me you got something . As you asked , I compared the wounds on your son with the wounds on these women . And ? There are similarities between the trajectory of the wounds and the force with which they were delivered . Meaning Rigali 's the guy . Meaning that it was a brilliant forensic deduction on Cadet Hayes 's part , but that 's all it is . The killer used different weapons . He demonstrated no consistent MO and no clear victimology _ None of it will hold up in court . Something out there will . - Something 's not right . - What do you mean ? This guy 's name comes up in connection with racketeering , prostitution , drugs , even murder , yet all he 's got are nickel-and-dime convictions . Always gets off with just a slap on the wrist . You know Mob cases are hard to build . What I 'm saying is , I don 't think anyone 's even trying . I think this guy Rigali 's greasing somebody . As in bribery ? What else could it be ? What ? What is it ? ( knock at door ) Agents . I was just coming to see you . We need to talk to you , Assistant Director . About New York . Didn 't you get the case files ? I mean when we were working in the New York office . You and me . I 'm not following . I used to get takeout from a place on 11th Street , a little hole in the wall . Maybe you remember it - Carlo 's . Is it me , or ... is this becoming an odd conversation ? One night three years ago , I 'm waiting for my order . I wandered toward the kitchen . - And I saw you . - IVle ? Talking to a man , a Mob guy . I saw you take money from him , Brad . A stack of it . Three years ago ? So instead of asking me to explain it , or even reporting me to the Bureau , you broke off our relationship and moved away ? I cared about you , Brad . I 'm not defending my actions . And now you 've come here because you think I 'm on the take ? Maybe I was on the take when Doggett 's son was murdered . Somebody gave Rigali inside help , covered his role in my son 's death . The man you saw me with was a confidential informant . I was giving him the money . - That 's not what happened . - We were buying him to infiltrate a family . It 's all documented , the entire operation . Now , I can prove what I 'm saying . Can you ? You should have come to me , Monica . Especially given what I know now . What do you know ? When you raised concerns about Rigali , I looked into the source of these allegations . - A cadet , right ? - Rudolph Hayes . He 's been very helpful . Rudolph Hayes died in 1978 in a car accident . What ? Let me see that . Cadet Hayes 's real name is Stuart Mimms , of Mendota , Minnesota . Last known residence , the Dakota County psychiatric facility . He was a mental patient ? Diagnosed paranoid schizophrenic . Voluntarily institutionalised in 1990 . In 1992 he checked himself out and disappeared . There 's another thing . We can also place him in New York City in 1993 ... The year your son was murdered . Nice CSI ... I remember when they had you banging around in a ten-year-old Impala . Now look at ya ... Mr Assistant Director . You got lucky . - He has another suspect . - You came down here to tell me that ? There 's something I need to know . Were you in any way involved in the death of John Doggett 's son ? Since when do you ask me questions ? Were you involved ? ! Of course not . What kind of guy do you think I am ? That 's it . I 'm done , Rigali . Done ? With you , this . With this Whole thing . And if I say no , what are you gonna do ? You know , if I 'm you , right now I 'm thinking : " I could pop this guy right here and who 's gonna know it 's not self-defence ? " Let me remind you , anything happens to me , a videotape lands at The Washington Post , showing a young Brad Follmer taking cash from yours truly to make an indictment go away . You 're done when I say you 're done . It 's all in there . How you defrauded the FBI with a false identity in order to enter the Academy . We know who you really are . We know about your history with schizophrenia . We know that you orchestrated this entire thing in order to get close to Agent Doggett . I 've been recognised ... by Agent Doggett 's ex-wife ... Who failed to identify Nicholas Rigali in that same room yesterday . Because Nicholas Rigali did not kill Agent Doggett 's son . You did . - That 's one explanation . - It 's the explanation . - No . - What is ? What is ? ! I told you before , Agent Doggett . I studied the photos of your son 's death . They called to me . I don 't know why , but it was a message and I listened . And then you killed Agent Doggett 's son . I studied his case obsessively . I 'm a schizophrenic . That 's what schizophrenics do - obsess . I watched Agent Doggett . I watched his ex-wife too . She can 't tell you how she recognises me . Just that she does . You 're a liar . You lied to the FBI . You 're lying now . Would you have listened to me otherwise ? A mental patient with insight into your son 's death ? I wanted to get close to you , Agent Doggett . To help you . You gave me that tip , to find the woman 's body in the wall . Rigali associated with the man who abducted your son . I called you so that you could catch him . I 've received another message . I 'd like to go back home now ... to the institution . John ? John ! Well ? He told us a story . Whether it 's true ... In other words , we 're nowhere . Again . Well , well , it 's the FBI agent . I 'm not here as an FBI agent . I 'm here as a father . Oh . What could that mean ? - I wanna know what happened to my son . - I don 't know who killed your son . But I like you , FBI . I really do . I 'll tell you how it could have happened , hypothetically _ Say there was this guy , businessman . And say this businessman in the course of doing business has to associate with thugs , sickos , perverts . Like Bob Harvey , for example . Say this Bob Harvey , he likes little boys . Yeah . Disgusting . Say one clay Bob Harvey sees a little boy riding a bike and he can 't stand it . He grabs the boy . So Harvey takes the boy to his place , only he doesn 't tell the businessman what he 's doing . So the businessman walks in on him . You see what I 'm saying , FBI ? The boy sees the businessman 's face - the businessman who did nothing to this boy . That 's a problem . Well ... Every problem has got a solution , right ? ( gunshot ) Oh , my God ! He shot him ! He just took out his gun and shot him ! Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
