 Now I lay me down to sleep , I pray the Lord my soul to keep . If I die before I wake , I pray the Lord my soul to lake . God bless Mommy , God bless Daddy , and Grandma and Grandpa LaPierre , and Grandma and Grandpa Jackson , and ... OK . OK , Amber Lynn . Bedtime . Come on . You grab Mike . OK ? Hop in . Let 's get you cosy-cosy toasty-toasty . Snug as a bug . - Night-night , Lynnie . - Night , Daddy . - Night , Mommy . - Night , love . Bedlights out , Amber Lynn . Good girl . That 's a good girl . Stop right there ! - Weapon on the floor . - This is great . Billie ? Oh , sweet angel ! Billie ! Amber Lynn ! Amber Lynn LaPierre , that 's right . A federal investigation is under way . For the kidnapping in Sacramento , California . - Why are you here ? - I want this case . I 'm certain I 've got enough competent agents in here . - I can see that . - This is a kidnapping , Agent Mulder . A little girl snatched from her bedroom . Basic FBI work , It 's not an X-File . I 'm aware of the facts . We 're ruling out possibilities before making any statements . That 's what I 'm talking about . I can 't just give you the case . I have to follow protocol . Behavioural gets first crack , then the people down at NCMEC . Two , three , fours hours , this case is gonna be a circus . Every star-struck attorney is gonna wanna represent these people for free . If somebody doesn 't ask the right questions right now , they may never get asked . You 've got till noon . Mulder ... The agents in my office ... they have a pool going . They think she 's dead . Don 't bet on it . Excuse me . Have they found the girl ? Is she dead ? Sorry , no press allowed inside . Special Agent Fox Mulder , FBI . I 'd like to speak to Mr and Mrs LaPierre , if I may . My clients have nothing to say . Harry Bring . How can I help you ? Mr Bring , your card says real-estate law and conveyances . Have you ever handled a murder case ? - This isn 't a murder case . - It might as well be , once the facts about Amber Lynn 's disappearance get out . My clients are not murderers , and I resent any such accusation . If you really want to help your clients , Mr Bring , get them a real lawyer . It 's OK , Harry . Billie and I got nothing to hide . Mr and Mrs LaPierre , my name is Fox Mulder . I 'm a special agent with the FBI . And I have a lot of experience with crimes like the one that took place here . You 've made a statement , but I 'd like to ask you about that . And I 'd like you to answer in as much detail as you and your lawyer are comfortable with . I want to ask you about the note you found . Where did you find it ? - In my daughters bedroom . - When ? When I went to check on her . - And do you know what time that was ? - Nine thirty , I think . It was right about then . - I was watchin ' TV in here . - What were you watching ? I never heard of it before . It was good . What about you , Mrs LaPierre ? - I was in bed already . - Were you asleep ? Half . Is that Amber Lynn 's bedroom that I saw down the hallway there ? Yes . Do you always lock your doors at night , even if you 're home ? Yes . You know most of your neighbours , I bet . You 're on good terms with them ? Most of them , yes . Can you think of anyone that would want to hurt Amber Lynn ? - No . - That 's enough questions . They 've been very helpful , but I think you can see that these folks have nothing to hide . I want you to understand something , because this is gonna get very confusing from here on in . But whatever else the FBI says or does , they will try their damnedest to find your little girl . OK . Thank you . Agent Mulder , do you think they will ? Find her ? I hope so . Yeah ... I really do . It 's open . Mulder ? Come on in . What are you doing ? - Thinking . - About ? Amber Lynn LaPierre . - Mind if I turn on a light ? - Yeah , I do . Skinner is royally pissed . At you . - I 'm sure he is . - He expected a report at noon . He waited . And now he 's sent me to find you to get it . - I don 't have a report . - They had to move on the case . The media got wind of the police findings . They 're gonna broadcast them . - The parents are being held for questioning . - They 're not guilty . The facts would say otherwise . There 's no sign of a break-in . Both parents were at home when the girl disappeared . They lied about where they found the note . - Why ? - That 's what I 've been thinking about . Is it the media , or just our own morbid fascination with the killing of an innocent ? She 's not dead , Scully . - Mulder . - Fox , it 's me . Mom ? Hi . I 'm watching the news . That little girl in California . You 're out there , aren 't you ? Yes , lam . - Are you OK , Mom ? - When are you coming back here ? Well , I 'm not sure , you know ? I don 't know . - Call when you get back , Fox . - OK , I will . You take care , Mom . You hear ? From the note , we have determined several facts . There is a threat of violence but no demand for money or ransom . The note is short and written on a torn piece of paper , suggesting haste and no planning . The paper 's a type used by dry-cleaners to protect laundered garments . The torn piece that the note was found on matches exactly a piece that was found in the garbage of the LaPierre home . The ink matches a felt-tip pen that was also found in the garbage . One set of prints were found on it - Billie LaPierre 's . Is it her handwriting ? That 's difficult to prove , due to the pen and the quality of the paper , which tends to cause bleeding , makes the handwriting indistinct . It also looks like there 's been an attempt to disguise the writing . In Mrs LaPierre 's handwriting , we see dominant letter forms . The S in " strangle " , " stray dog " , here in " Santa Claus " , matches up with the 5 's in ... " Dollars " , " Seven " and " cents " . - Enough to make a connection . - But not an indictment . Do you have information you 'd like to share with us , Mulder ? Bud LaPierre says he 'd been watching TV and had gotten up to go to bed when he found Amber Lynn missing . But according to the police report , the TV set was still on when the first officers arrived . By his own account , both parents put Amber Lynn to bed and were never more than 20 feet from her room . The LaPierres know all their neighbours in the street , are on good terms with them . But no one saw a stranger , on a Friday , at a fairly early hour , enter into a locked and lighted home and remove this little girl undetected . - Husband 's lying for his wife . - I don 't think so . Why ? Because that doesn 't explain what happened to this little girl . - What are you doing ? - I 've seen something in that note before . That 's not what I mean . You 're personalizing this case . You 're identifying with your sister . My sister was taken by aliens . Did I say anything about aliens , Scully ? There are a lot of good agents who do not have the patience for this . What did I do ? I provided a logical counterpoint . You told them that they were wrong , Mulder . And they are . Pocatello , Idaho . 1987 . Look familiar ? - Kathy Lee , the visitors are here . - Can you let them in , please ? Ms Tencate , my name is Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . Can we have a seat ? It 's not the Ritz . We just have a few questions . We 've reviewed the facts of your case , and they seem to speak for themselves . Your six-year-old son Dean was taken from his bed while he slept . A note was found threatening his life , later determined to be written by you . You pied innocent at trial , but you were convicted and sentenced to 12 years , even though your son 's body was never found . Yes , that 's right . Your story is that on the night your son disappeared you had a vision of him dead but you thought it was your mind playing tricks . But when you checked on him , he was missing from his bed . Is that accurate ? Yes . After seven years of incarceration you changed your story and confessed to the murder of your son in a fit of insanity , a psychotic break . - Yes , that 's right . - Why did you do it ? I don 't know . I was full of rage . I have a copy of the note that you wrote . Do you mind if I show it to you ? Now , there 's a phrase , down here at the bottom . " No one shoots at Santa Claus . " Can you explain what that means to me ? It means that , when someone promises you something , a gift , like Santa Claus , that no one would do anything for fear of not getting the gift . A little girl disappeared from her bed three days ago . This is the note that was left at that scene . Can you take a look at that and tell me what it says at the bottom ? The same thing . Neither note makes a specific demand . In both cases there is no evidence of foul play or a break-in . As in your son 's case , there 's no body to be found . - I told them where the body was . - Yes , you did . But it wasn 't where you said . - I can 't explain it . - You can . I can 't ! You can 't explain it because you didn 't do anything . You didn 't kill your son and you didn 't bury him . You 're not guilty of anything other than a lie . Just like these people . The only reason you changed your story was to get outta here , because you knew the parole board might buy the story of a psychotic break , but they would never let a woman out of jail who claimed her son just disappeared out of thin air . Now , these people ... they need someone to tell them it 's OK . Someone to corroborate their story . - I 'm not that person . - They need your help . That was utterly irresponsible , Mulder . It was out of line and without any basis in reality . - Do you think that woman killed her son ? - She was convicted . So how do you explain those two notes could contain the same obscure phrase ? I can 't explain it . But you 're doing what I said : you 're personalizing this case . No . I 'm gonna solve this case . I am gonna solve it . - How ? - I 'm gonna find those kids . What if they 're dead , Mulder ? Don 't go looking for something you don 't wanna find . Guard ? Guard , please can you get them back ? Guard ? I need to talk . This is Fox Mulder . Leave a message . I 'll try to get back to you . Fox , it 's your mother . I 'd hoped you 'd call upon your return , but I haven 't heard from you . I 'm sure you 're busy . There are so many emotions in me , I wouldn 't know where to start . So much that I 've left unsaid , for reasons I hope one day you 'll understand . This is highly unusual . I wanna know what you 're doing here . There 's something I want your clients to see . - I wanna know what it is first . - About shooting ' Santa Claus . You 're gonna wanna see it , too . I believe you share a secret . I 'm , um ... I 'm doing this because I feel that it 's the right thing to do , and because I know what you 're going through . And I wouldn 't want to happen to you what happened to me . I just want to tell you that your little girl is OK . And I know you 're afraid of the truth , because I saw things that I was afraid of , too . And I can 't explain all of it , except to say that I don 't remember ever thinking those words that I wrote , let alone writing them . It was like they wrote themselves using my hand . But , um ... what I know ... for sure , because I feel it in my heart , is that my son is safe and protected ... and in a better place . Rumours aside , the parents of Amber Lynn LaPierre were released today for lack of evidence , and after giving a new statement to the police , which , insiders say , has the authorities baffled and confused , recounting a detailed story that claims supernatural forces were at work . The LaPierres , seen here returning home , declined to comment . Federal investigation of the case will continue , but will no longer focus on the LaPierres as primary suspects . We will intensify our search for Amber Lynn , and we remain hopeful of her eventual safe return . Intensify our search where ? The Twilight Zone ? - I have a corroborating witness . - In prison . There 's a connection between these two women . The only connection , Agent Mulder , is you . I 've got people busting their butts on this thing , putting together hard evidence , while you 're out gathering fairy tales from murderers . It doesn 't make sense . It 's incomprehensible in any kind of a real-world way . I deal in the real world , Agent Mulder . You begged onto this case . All you 've done is hand our only suspects the Twinkle defense . - Sir ? - What ? What is it , Agent Scully ? - I need to have a word with Mulder . - It can wait . - No , it can 't , sir . - What is it , Scully ? Mulder , your mom 's dead . - Mulder ? - In here . - What is it ? - Diazepam . She used them to sleep . Was there a note ? She called when I was in California . She wanted to talk , but ... I never called her back . Oh , Mulder ... Why would she do this ? It just doesn 't make any sense . - We never truly know why . - No . She wouldn 't kill herself . Why are these pictures gone ? There were photos here of my sister and I. This is all that she had left of us and they 're missing . Why ... ? She saw me on the news . She wanted to talk about the missing girl . She wanted to tell me something . Maybe she couldn 't tell me over the phone cos she was afraid they would do something like this . - Who ? - Whoever took my sister . Look at this place . It 's all staged . The pills , the oven , the tape - it 's like a bad movie script . They would have threatened her . She would be upset . They would sedate her . I would look for a needle mark , or something else in her system besides these pills . No , Mulder . Please don 't ask me to do this . - Scully , who else can I ask ? - An autopsy ? It 's one thing on a stranger but you 're my friend and she 's your mother . I know , but if you don 't do it , I might never know the truth . You 've seen things . I need to understand them . Something 's happened to you ? My mother 's dead . You know why . Look , I can help you . I can talk to the parole board for you . - But right now I need you to help me . - I don 't understand what you want . I 'm not here by accident . My sister was taken away from me ... when she was eight years old . Like your son was taken away from you . - Where 's your sister now ? - I don 't know . - Your mother knew , didn 't she ? - Why do you ask that ? - She was trying to tell you . - Tell me what ? - She 'd seen them . - Who ? The walk-ins . Old souls looking for new homes . Your sister 's among them . You can see them ? Yes . But sometimes it 's very difficult , because they live in the starlight . Is my sister dead ? They took her , to protect her soul from the great harm it would have suffered in her life . Just like they did my little boy . Where do they take them ? Your boy ? This little girl , Amber Lynn LaPierre ? I don 't know . But they 're OK . I 'm sure your sister 's there , too . Hey , buddy . The kids wanna see Santa . - What about it ? - He 's just flying in . Fox , it 's your mother . I 'd hoped you 'd call upon your return , but I haven 't heard from you . I 'm sure you 're busy . There are so many emotions in me , I wouldn 't know where to start . So much that I 've left unsaid , for reasons I hope one day you 'll understand . There are so many emotions in me , I wouldn 't know where to start . So much that I 've left unsaid , for reasons I hope one day you 'll understand . I 'm glad you 're here . My mother was trying to tell me something . I think I 've figured it out . Something about my sister that she was never able to tell me . So much that I 've left unsaid , for reasons I hope one day you 'll understand . She knew what I 'd find with this case out in California . - How could she know ? - A child disappearing without a trace , without evidence , in defiance of all logical explanation ? She knew because of what 's driven me , what I 've always believed . - Mulder ... - Scully , these parents who have lost ... who have lost their children , they 've had visions of their sons and daughters in scenarios that never happened , but which they describe in notes that came through as automatic writing and words that came through to them psychically ... from old souls protecting the children . My mother must have written a note like that herself ... describing the scenario of my sisters disappearance , of her abduction by aliens . Don 't you see , Scully ? It never happened . All these visions that I 've had have just been to help me cope and deal with the loss , but ... I 've been looking for my sister in the wrong place . That 's ... what my mother was trying to tell me . That 's what she was trying to warn me about . That 's why they killed her . Your mother killed herself , Mulder . I conducted the autopsy . She was dying of an incurable disease . An untreatable and horribly disfiguring disease called Paget 's carcinoma . She knew it . There were doctors ' records . She didn 't wanna live . She was trying to tell me something . She was ... She was trying to tell you to stop . To stop looking for your sister . She was just trying to take away your pain . .3446 - How 's he doing ? - It 's been a hard night for him . Billie LaPierre 's got something to say , and she 'll only talk to Mulder . It 's not a good ... - What is it ? - This case has heated up . I 've booked two flights for us . Then you better book three . Honey , wake up . He 's here . Come in , Agent Mulder . It 's OK . She 's here to help . What happened here , Billie ? I saw my daughter ... right in this room . Standing right there . I swear to God , she was right over there ... in the pyjamas her grandma gave her ... saying something to me . What was she saying ? I don 't know . Her lips were moving but I couldn 't hear . I thought ... I thought she was saying " 74 " . 74 ? The number 74 ? Does that mean anything to you ? 74 mean anything to you , Mr LaPierre ? - Let 's go home . - Mulder , we just got here . We won 't find these people 's daughter alive . How do you know that ? What we 're hearing , it 's the delusional talk of people that don 't wanna accept the truth . - You think they know what happened ? - Maybe . But you can 't see a ghost and still hope to find her alive . Both things can 't be true . And if this little girl 's spirit really did appear to her mother , then there 's probably only one explanation . You think their daughter 's dead . What about the handwritten note ? I don 't know what that means . I don 't know what is the truth and what isn 't any more . I 'm way too close to this case to make any kind of sound judgment . I would like to ask for you to let me off this case , please . I 'd like to take some time off . What is it ? - Santa Claus . - What ? Stop . Turn around . Some of these tapes go back to the ' 60s . I think I know what we 're gonna find here . It 's what my mother was afraid of - my sister . It 's Amber Lynn LaPierre . This tape is dated two days before her disappearance . Hey ! Stop ! Keep your hands up ! - What 's your name ? - Ed Truelove . You 're under arrest . You have the right to remain silent . If you give up that right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . Scully ? I made this !
