 They 're buzzing the net . Big save by the goaltender saves it for the Hawks . A fortunate moment for the Hawks . It looked as though Beckley had a goal for sure . And now the Hawks captain is already back up the ice quickly ... You boys eat your vegetables or I 'll do the same to you . Hot meat , señor . He knocked the goaltender down . Can you believe that ? Hey , amigo . Qué paso esta noche ? How 's the roast beef ? Uh ... Cémo esta el carne ? Bueno ... o malo ? Come on . Where 's our illustrious communications officer ? Hey , Ed . What gives with the ... What the hell are you doing ? That 's enough ! Ed . Oh , man . Now you gone and done it . Déjame ! Déjame ! No , no , no , no . No , no , no , no ! Agh ! Am I interrupting anything , Agent Mulder ? Nothing you 'd be too terribly interested in , Agent Doggett . Agent Mulder , what are you doin ' down here ? I 'm looking into the recent death of an oil worker . I got a heads-up on it from you a couple of days ago . That 's what I 'm doing here . Agent Mulder , I understand that you had more than a proprietary interest in these cases . but I can 't help it if you 're not assigned to this unit any more . I didn 't see any reason to pursue this oil worker case . Maybe you missed the fact that this victim 's corpse washed ashore at Port Aransas , Texas . Massive flash burns on 90 % of his body . I read the report , if you 're insinuating I didn 't . Then you must also know he was not the only man to vanish from the platform that night , but one of two men . The communications officer is missing . The company attributes that to an explosion on the rig , a blowout , which is what they say caused Simon de la Cruz 's burns . Burns the ME said were not inconsistent to exposure to high levels of radiation . " Not inconsistent " is not exactly a ringing endorsement . These files include the same kind of radiation phenomena . - Tissue destroyed by exposure to ... - Black oil . Five years ago you and Agent Scully investigated a World War II plane , salvaged from the bottom of the Pacific Ocean . A substance was found which you described as a virus of extraterrestrial origin . It has radioactive properties and can take over a man 's body , and is part of an alien conspiracy to colonize the planet , if I 'm not mistaken . And you 'd love to help , but you left your light saber at home . How 'd you get stuck down here , Agent Doggett ? Kersh catch you peeing ' in his cornflakes ? John Doggett . The deputy director is waiting . I was just on my way up . Why didn 't you tell me that you were pursuing this Texas oil worker case ? Cos I 'm not . There 's an exec from the oil company who says he was contacted by a man in our office . That 'd be Agent Mulder . - What are you talking about ? - I 'm gonna let him answer that . Just like old times . Now it 's all making sense . Tough crowd . Mr Ortega , this is Special Agent Fox Mulder , the person you spoke to on the phone , I believe . Mr Ortega is vice president of operations for Galpex Petroleum out of Galveston , Texas . I believe we did speak , yeah . There 's also confusion about who spoke to government officials who seem to think the FBI is running an investigation into the accident . That would 've been me as well , sir . That was in the best interests of the FBI and Mr Ortega . Mr Ortega would beg to differ , as would I. You 've complicated an already sensitive situation , Agent Mulder . Galpex Petroleum has discovered what we think may be a massive new oil province beneath the Gulf of Mexico . One that would give a huge advantage financially and politically - to whoever gets to drill it . - Who else are we talking about ? US territorial waters cover the northern half of the Gulf . Our wells are on our side , but ... the field may spread well to the south . The government of Mexico could claim it . This incident has nothing to do with that whatsoever . It 's about the unexplained death of Simon de la Cruz . Simon de la Cruz was a Mexican national killed in a US business enterprise . They 'd like to use his death to get us to abandon the Orpheus rig , so they can be the first to drill . Leaving me no choice now but to conduct a criminal investigation quickly and quietly to remove any legal position affecting US interests . - A criminal investigation 'll clear up nothing . - You 've done more than enough . You don 't know what you 're dealing with , sir . - No , I think I do , Agent . - This is an X-File . And I 'm sending someone from the X-Files to investigate . It 's an oil rig that 's 150 miles out at sea . You can 't send a pregnant woman . I 'm not sending Agent Scully . Yuri Volkoff , your new communications specialist . - Bring your new gear ? - Yes . It 's in there . - John Doggett , Special Agent . - Who ? - From the Bureau . - FBI , you say ? Yeah . Someone told you I was coming , I hope . No , just the new com equipment . You got radio problems ? No one told you about me coming ? We 've still got ship-to-shore . But the message said just one agent was coming . Right . I 'm the one agent . So who 's the guy that got here this morning ? He 's talking with our crew chief right now . Agent Mulder . Can I have a word with you ? I 'm just getting filled in on the details . Pull up a seat and introduce yourself , so Mr Taylor won 't have to repeat himself . I 'm Bo Taylor . I was on deck watch the night this thing went down . Go on , Mr Taylor . Men can go off the deep end out here . It 's like a cabin fever of sorts . They 're hundreds of miles away from their family and friends , six weeks at a stretch . Some of them might just as well be doin ' hard time . So how 's that figure with the victim , Simon de la Cruz ? Well , the mestizos are usually the most reliable men I know on the drill floor . Simon just lost his nut , I guess . It 's the only good explanation . Simon de la Cruz 's body was found with flash burns . What 's that got to do with him goin ' off the deep end ? Hell , he tried to blow the whole damn rig . It was sabotage , pure and simple . He knocked the cock off a gas valve . He must 've sparked it cos it went faster than a Friday paycheck . - What about the second victim ? - Communications chief , wasn 't he ? Probably never knew what hit him . What 's the communications chief doing on the drilling ' floor ? A man can die out here , sir , just goin ' for a walk . Probably would have happened when it blew . Nobody even knew he was gone till the shift change . Well , I guess that 's it , in a nutshell . Thank you , Mr Taylor . Agent Mulder . Agent Mulder ! Don 't walk away when I 'm talkin ' to you . Like it or not , I 've been assigned this case . One call to the deputy director , and you 're canned . - The radio 's broken . - Don 't push me , Agent Mulder . - You won 't do it . - You think ? We 're in the same boat . We 're just paddling in different directions . We 're not going in different directions . We 're going in my direction . I don 't think Kersh expects you to come back empty-handed on this one . Since you 've already told me what you think of this case , I see you coming back with nothing to protect anybody 's business interests , let alone your own ass . Wow , you really got me pegged . Anything that doesn 't fit in my narrow field of vision might as well not exist . Is that right ? So why is this man Taylor lying ? You do know he 's lying ? I think he knows the truth about what happened . And he may not be the only one . I never would 've believed it , these stories about you . What stories are those ? That you could find a conspiracy at a church picnic . What church ? - Scully ? - Close the door and lock it . - You said you wanted to see me right away . - I didn 't know who else to talk to . - About what ? - About what I found in my autopsy of the oil rig accident victim , Simon de la Cruz . Agent Scully , this body was supposed to be transported back to Mexico intact . I found it by accident in the third ventricle of his brain . - Scully ... - No , it 's OK . It 's all right . I thought this stuff could jump into a man 's body . It can , but that 's the thing . This man was clearly infected by the alien virus . It entered his system and it was massing in the pineal gland . But it 's dead . What killed it ? Intuitively , you would say the same thing that killed him - exposure to radiation . But it makes no sense because the virus has radioactive properties . Somebody needs to tell Agent Doggett . He needs to know what he 's dealing with . No . You need to tell Deputy Director Kersh that he has to order a controlled evacuation of that rig , right now . I can 't tell Kersh to order an evacuation for something you can 't even explain . If the virus is loose , Agent Doggett 's life is in danger . We don 't know that for sure . There are nearly two dozen men on that rig and not one other case . Why ? Hey , Yuri . Heard you had some problems with the radio . New gear 's all online , working fine . Only there 's some sort of high-frequency interference that I can 't get rid of . Hear that ? That 's a signal that 's coming in and filtering in across a large range of channels . I have to power down and restart . No . You can 't do that . I hate to argue with you . This is the marine operator for Galpex-Orpheus . Come in , Orpheus . Galpex-Orpheus , I have a priority transmission . Repeat , this is a priority transmission . This is Orpheus , go ahead . Orpheus ? I 've been trying to reach you for hours . This is Special Agent Dana Scully . I have an urgent message for an investigative agent on board . An Agent John Doggett . I 'm ready to take that message . I need to speak with Agent Doggett directly . I got it . Agent Doggett 's gone fishing . Can I take a message , please ? - Mulder ? - I was just in the neighbourhood . Mulder , you can 't just flout orders like this . It 's not like old times . Kersh won 't tolerate this . - Kersh doesn 't need to know . - Mulder ... You need me here , Scully . You know that better than anyone . I hate to say , as of this morning , I 'd have to agree . Who 's flouting orders ? Did you find something in that victim 's body ? - The virus ? - Yes . - I did , and it 's dead , Mulder . - Dead ? - What killed it ? - Possibly radiation . - That 's not possible . - I know . This could be an isolated event , but that he 's infected at all means everybody there is at risk . And that means you and Agent Doggett . - We gotta quarantine this rig . - No , Mulder , you need to get off the rig . Have Agent Doggett give the order . We can quarantine you and the crew when you get back . If these men are infected , the last place we want them is onshore . You 're sitting on the answer , Scully . The body . You find the virus , you can find what kills it . And what if I can 't ? Well , when he gets old enough , you tell the kid I went down swingin ' . - Let me talk to Agent Doggett . - Doggett 's not here right now . Yes , lam . Who 's on the radio ? Who are you talking to ? Hey ! - That was Agent Scully . - What 'd she say ? - She said it was lucky that I 'm out here . - No , you 're lucky I 'm lettin ' you stay . If you 've got important information , I better know about it . - I 'm in charge out here , Agent Mulder . - Then go ahead and take charge . Only you might not like what it means - what you 're gonna have to do with that information you 're so anxious to have . Listen up ! I 'll make this brief . We 've been given an order to quarantine the rig . As of 1400 hours we officially shut down and lock down . We 're gonna be stuck here awhile . All flights in and out have been suspended . I know . We 've been asked to cooperate until the FBI is certain everything is shipshape . For everybody 's protection , we need to all of us cooperate fully . - Oh , man ! - Protection from what ? From a possible contagion . - Anybody here feel sick ? - No ! Knock it off ! I need everybody to check their water consumption . We 'll be cuttin ' back to half rations . I 've been going over the crew manifest , Mr Saksa , and there 's a problem . - Problem with what ? - There are supposed to be 18 men on board . I count only 17 , including you . This is my whole crew in here . Um ... Diego Garza . Where 's he ? - Who ? - A deck hand . Friend of Simon de la Cruz , the man who tried to sabotage the rig . - Well , I 'll be damned . - What ? He 's not here ? Any idea where he might be ? Well , he didn 't leave the rig . Not by any means I know of . What do you say we go find him ? This man was exposed to a virus . And ... why do I need to see this ? To know what your crew may be infected with , what they risk spreading on or off that rig . You understand Galpex is eager to cooperate , but shutting down a producing rig costs in the neighbourhood of $ 150,000 a day . And according to my OIM , no one on that rig is sick . They 're just hungry and tired . You don 't know that for sure . What symptoms would they be showing ? Unexplained behaviour . Possible detection in the eyes . - We 've seen none of that . - You 're relying on suspect data . I 'm relying on medical reports . And unless you give me more than this , I 'm calling that Orpheus crew back in and rotating a fresh crew onto that rig . Oh , my God ... What are you hoping to find , Agent Mulder ? I 'm hoping to find Diego Garza . Slim chance of that , if you ask me . The crew boss said it . A man could disappear off this platform and no one 'd notice . The crew manifest listed Diego Garza as mestizo , of mixed Mexican descent , - just like his friend who died . - So what ? The crew chief said these mestizo were good workers . We got one dead trying to sabotage the rig and another one missing . One of their best workers . You 'd think somebody 'd notice him missing . Maybe he 's still here . Maybe he 's waitin ' to finish the job that killed his friend to protect Mexican oil interests . These men are hiding something , but that 's not it . I quarantine a whole damn oil rig without any evidence to support what you 're saying . Not one thing . But you have yet to give me a straight answer as to what you think is going on here . If these men are hiding something , if they 're protecting something , what the hell is it ? - I don 't know yet . - When you do , let me know . I gotta get on the radio to justify this action . Agent Doggett , I didn 't come out here just to bust your ass . I 've seen this substance . I 've seen how it can take over a man 's body . This crew could be infected and not know it . They may not know they 're being controlled . This ? This is what you 're sayin is gonna take over my body ? When 's it gonna kick in ? That 's not how it works . It body-jumps from man to man . And I 'm not sure that it 's in all oil . That 's a relief . Only 90 % of the planet is dependent on the stuff . - The man from Galpex Oil lied . - What ? He 's infected , too ? No , that new oil province is already in production . It 's being pumped and drilled by this rig . That 's how this crew got infected . You 're reachin ' . Billions of barrels lying right underneath us , waiting to be produced . Waiting to infect that 90 % of the planet you talked about . These men are hiding something ? That 'd sure be something to hide . Agent Doggett , what if Diego Garza is in hiding because he knows what they 're up to , and he knows that because he 's the only one not infected with this alien virus ? All right , he knows . Then why doesn 't he come and tell us ? It 's the radio room ! I 'll find another one . Agent Scully . - Sir . - You 're in a hurry . To do what ? To continue with my work , sir . I 'm not privy to this " work " . I thought this body would 've been well on its way back to Mexico . I obviously haven 't been able to rely on those whose job it is to keep me apprised and informed . I have to rely on phone calls . Like the call I received from Martin Ortega . Why doesn 't somebody make me privy to who the hell gave the order to shut down that rig ? I did . I 'm giving the order this quarantine is lifted . Soon as it 's re-established I want that rig up and running and the entire crew choppered off the Galpex-Orpheus and debriefed . Sir , I think that 's a mistake . I think it 'd be a mistake not to , Agent Scully . And you 're running out of mistakes . Both you and the assistant director . If I didn 't know better , I 'd say this was a Mulder stunt . This stuff was all brand-new . What is it about this room that inspires men to violence ? You think this fire was set ? Molotov cocktail , anyone ? Can I borrow your radio , Mr Saksa ? Agent Doggett , you there ? Agent Doggett ? Pick up , Agent Doggett . Do you copy ? Agent Doggett ! Come in , Agent Doggett . Where the hell are you ? Yeah , my blood 's red . Tranquilo . I don 't speak very good Spanish . Diego ? Tu eres Diego Garza ? You 're going too fast . You sayin ' you set the fire ? What are you afraid of ? - Ya vienen ! - Vienen ... vienen . They 're coming ? Who ? Who 's coming ? - I have something . - What ? This is an SEM image pulled at random from anonymous donors . Blood . More specifically , normal T-cell antibodies . By comparison , these are from the blood of the oil rig worker . T-cells in impossible numbers . In layman 's terms , this victim was a virus-fighting machine . - How do you explain that ? - Well , there are isolated cultures . In Northern Italy people are immune to certain diseases - heart disease in that case - through a genetic mutation . So this man had what , a kind of genetic immunity to alien virus ? Well , his employment records list Mr Simon de la Cruz as of mixed Mexican ancestry , when in fact he is Huichol Indian . The Huichol are an indigenous Mexican culture that has a rare , undiluted gene pool . Now , these genes may have an innate immunity to infection . So he was immune to the virus . That 's not what killed him . He died from being burned . No , not burned , irradiated . Because the virus had no effect on him , and the crew members who were infected couldn 't control him . So they killed him by irradiating him . Then why not kill Mulder ? Or Agent Doggett ? Why kill only this man ? This man must 've been a threat because of something he knew . What ? That I don 't know . So even if we did know and were able to get word to them , it 'd put Mulder and Agent Doggett in danger , too , wouldn 't it ? Su familia ? La fotografia ? Your family ? You wanna get back to them ? I can help you . Senor , confia en mi . Yo no confio en nadie . Great . Trust no one . If you stay here , they will find you , just like your friend . You let me go and we 'll get you back home . You have my word . Mi promesa . Where 's Garza ? Where is he ? I 'm gonna go get Agent Mulder . Get up , Agent Doggett . There 's more where that came from . - You know anything about radios ? - I know a little . - Try to get that ship-to-shore working . - To call who ? Anybody who can get us off here ... Get to work ! - Agent Doggett ! - I 'm workin ' on it ! This door won 't hold much longer . - Wagner ? - What do you want ? I take it back . It 's perfect . Hold this . Orpheus , this is the marine operator . I repeat , this is an emergency priority transmission for the Galpex-Orpheus . You got John Doggett on board the Galpex-Orpheus . Come in . - This is John Doggett . - Agent Doggett ? - Agent Scully , I 'm right here . - Can you hear me ? Yes ! - What was that ? - That 's someone knocking on the door . Mulder , listen . I think I know why they killed this man , if not how they killed him . We got bigger problems . We need choppers . We 've got choppers on the way . Tell her all the men here are infected . She 's gotta tell the choppers not to land . How are they supposed to get us ? That issue is rapidly becoming moot ! Agent Scully , there are three men on board that are not infected - me , Mulder and a man named Diego Garza , who may be mentally unstable . Could be why he tried to wreck this radio equipment , just like Simon de la Cruz . He may resist rescue because he believes aliens are coming to get him . Agent Scully , did you get that ? You 're breakin ' up , Agent ... - What are you doing ? - Destroying their ability to transmit , just like Diego and Simon de la Cruz . - What are you talkin ' about ? - Contact . Contact with who ? The mothership ? - Agent Doggett , listen . - You just back off . No , no , no . Listen . - Where 'd they go ? - I don 't know . I don 't wanna stick around to find out . Let 's go , Agent Doggett . Agent Mulder ! We can 't leave him . - Who ? - Diego Garza . Agent Doggett ! Diego . Diego ! Donde estas ? Diego , get up . Come on , let 's go . Is he coming ? No . Galpex-Orpheus , this is Alpha Baker X-ray 46 requesting permission to land . Come in , Galpex-Orpheus . Agent Doggett , I think I know why they let us go . What ? Agent Mulder , what are you talkin ' about ? What 's goin ' on ? - They 're gonna blow the rig . - Who ? Let 's go . - Abandon ship ... - What 's he sayin ' ? I think he wants us to jump . Wait a minute , Agent Mulder . I 'm in charge here . - On a two count . - How about a 20 count ? One ... two ! Where 's the fire , Agent Doggett ? I 've been called to see Deputy Director Kersh , as have Agent Scully and AD Skinner . I think it 's all hitting ' the fan . You mean with Galpex Oil ? Word came down that Galpex has lost the right to drill that entire Texas oil province . That oil should stay right where it is . You should do everything in your power to make sure it does . Me ? That is the deputy director calling to tell you there 's no need to see you , that the blame has been properly assigned for what happened out on that platform . I 'm out . I 've been eighty-sixed , Agent Doggett . What do you mean ? You 're out of the FBI ? Kersh could barely contain his happiness when he , " stuck it to me . So you 're takin ' the fall . - Not for me ? - For you , for the X-Files . You 're all the credibility this office has left . You have Kersh 's ear and you 've seen it now . Out on that platform , you saw it for yourself . Answer the phone , Agent Doggett . You 're in charge here now . I made this !
