 Time passes in moments . Moments which , rushing past , define the path of a life , just as surely as they lead towards its end . How rarely do we stop to examine that path . To see the reasons why all things happen . To consider whether the path we take in life is our own making , or simply one into which we drift with eyes closed . But what if we could stop ? Pause to take stock of each precious moment before it passes . Might we then see the endless forks in the road that have shaped a life , and , seeing those choices , choose another path ? I got the lab to rush the results of ... I got the lab to rush the results of the Szezesny autopsy , if you 're interested . - I heard you , Scully . - And Szezesny did indeed drown . But not as the result of the inhalation of ectoplasm , as you so vehemently suggested . What else could she have drowned in ? Margarita mix . Up-chucked with about 40 ounces of Corcovado Gold tequila , which , as it turns out , she and her friends rapidly consumed in the woods while re-enacting The Blair Witch Project . I think that demands deeper investigation , don 't you ? No , I don 't . Well , it doesn 't matter . We got bigger fish to fry . Have a seat , Scully . Check this out . Is that beautiful or what ? - Crop circles , Mulder ? - Computer-generated crop circles . It 's a fractal image predicted by a computer using data of every known occurrence of the phenomena over the past 40 years . What most people don 't realize is that since 1991 , there 's been a dramatic increase in the size and complexity of circle design . That 's when the Mandelbrot set appeared in England - geometrically perfect rings appearing almost impossibly overnight in a field near Cambridge . But that was merely a prelude of what was to come . Three years later , in 1994 , even more complex formations occurred simultaneously on opposite ends of the English countryside with the Mandelbrot set still at its center . Then , in 1997 , even more complex formations occurred ... And I 'm not wearing any pants right now . - Hm ? - You 're not listening . I am . I guess I just don 't see the point . The point is that a computer programme has shown us that these are not just random coincidental occurrences . And that programme has predicted that in just48 hours even more complex formations will be laid down near Avebury . 48 hours , Scully , but I wouldn 't mind gettin ' there earlier , if you don 't mind . - Getting where ? - England . I got two tickets on a 5.30 flight . I have to go to the hospital and finish the paperwork on that autopsy you had me do . And , to be honest , it 's Saturday and I wouldn 't mind , I don 't know , taking a bath . - What the hell does that mean ? - I 'm not interested in tracking down some sneaky farmers who happened to ace geometry in high school . And besides , I mean , what could you possibly get out of this ? Or learn ? I mean , it 's not even remotely FBI-related . I 'll just cancel your ticket . Thanks for lunch . Mulder ... Look , we 're always running . We 're always chasing the next big thing . Why don 't you ever just stay still ? I wouldn 't know what I 'd be missing . My name is Dana Scully and I was told I could pick up a postmortem folder for a Miss Szezesny here . It 's for the FBI . Let 's see . Oh . Just sign here , please ? Thank you . Hi , um , I was given the wrong test results . This x-ray marked D Waterston was in the envelope marked Szezesny . - I was expecting autopsy results . - Oh , I 'm sorry . They must have gotten switched . - Sorry for the inconvenience . - Thank you . Is the , urn ... is the D Waterston that was on the x-ray , is that a Dr Daniel Waterston ? Waterston , Waterston ... Yes , it is . Admitted yesterday . Coronary Care Unit , room 306 . Thank you . I 'm sorry . I don 't know what else to say . Everything appears to be as it should under the circumstances , so don 't worry . If you 'd like , I can show you the hospital cafeteria . I guess ... yeah , OK . Are there phones down there too ? I need to make some phone calls . Excuse me . - Can I help you with something ? - Um , I 'm sorry . I 'm Dr Scully . - I was just in the hospital and ... - Can we step into the hallway ? Yeah . I 'm Dr Waterston 's cardiologist , Paul Kopekin . Did you say your name was Scully ? - Uh , yes . Dana Scully . - Dr Waterston 's mentioned you . - I 'm sorry . You must be mistaken . - You were a student of his , right ? He has a heart condition ? Dr Waterston came in yesterday with severe chest pains . And he ordered us to do an echo cardiogram and a biopsy because he 'd had symptoms of an upper-respiratory infection the week before . - Fortunately , it was the right call . - Then it 's serious . But treatable . I have to wake him up soon , if you 'd care to ... - No , that 's all right . But thanks for your time . - He must have been a wonderful teacher . I 've been following his work on constrictive pericarditis for years now . Yes . He 's a remarkable man . - Hello ? - You came to see him . - I 'm sorry , who is this ? - Margaret Waterston . Maggie . Is everything all right ? That depends , doesn 't it ? - I 'm sorry ? - Whatever . Dr Kopekin told my father you were here , and now he wants to see you . - About what ? - Look , he asked me to call , so I 'm calling . I don 't know , Maggie . I don 't know if I 've got time . Don 't know if you have the time . Can you hang on ? I have another call coming through . Listen , it 's your choice . But if you come , it doesn 't mean I accept you being in his life . Hello ? - I 'll never see you again . - Hello ? - You 're breaking my heart . - Hey , you 're there ? - Hey . - Aren 't you supposed to be on a plane ? - I got a 5.30 flight , remember ? - Right . I guess I lost track of time . Listen , the reason I called ... Am I catching you at a bad time ? No , I just walked in . Why ? There 's this group in DC that is researching crop circles , and they 've got a different set of coordinates from the one I got . - Mulder , I 'm not going . - I gotta ask you a favour . One of them lives near the hospital , and they 've got these sensitive photos and data they won 't fax to me . So I was just wondering if you would just maybe go over there and get it . Speak to me , Scully . - I 'm out for the evening , Mulder . - Why didn 't you say so in the first place ? Look , why don 't you leave that address on my answering machine and I 'll try for you . I 'm sorry . I have the wrong room . It 's OK . Hi . So , I have to lock eyes with the devil for you to grace me with your presence ? Surely not the devil . How are you feeling , Daniel ? It 's a real drag when the body doesn 't wanna play any more . You 're lucky you called that diagnosis . Luck has nothing to do with it . It 's what doctors do every day . - You may have forgotten that . - Daniel ... So , how did you happen to be here in Washington ? That 's a long story . - How 's the FBI ? - Is that why you wanted to see me ? To remind me once again what a bad choice I made ? Believe me , my motivation is far more selfish than that . - You scare me , Daniel . - I know . I scare you . Because I represent that which is ingrained not only in your mind but in your heart . That which you secretly long for . - You never accepted my reason for leaving . - It wasn 't a reason . It was an excuse . But you understood why . I can 't believe the FBI is a passion . Not like medicine . I 'm sorry I came . I just wanted to make sure you were OK . I know how difficult it must have been for you , just walking through that door . But you wouldn 't have come if you didn 't want to . That says something , doesn 't it ? - Scully . - I was about to leave you a message . Listen , I got that address that I wanted you to go to for me . It 's a woman you 'll be dealing with . She 's with the American Taoist Healing Center . And she researches crop circles ? Don 't roll your eyes , Scully . Mulder , you want me to ... Scully ? Scully , are you there ? Hi , I ... You were ... - At the hospital today . - Right . That 's strange . Um , I 'm Agent Scully . I 'm here on behalf of my partner . - About my research ? - For the FBI , as odd as that may sound . I 'm Colleen Azar . Would you like to come in ? No , thank you . I 'm ... I think I need some fresh air . - Are you all right ? - Yes . I mean , yes . I 'm just a little shaken . A near car accident , I think . It 's nothing , really . - A car accident isn 't nothing . - I 'm sorry ? They 're often the end results of us not paying attention to something . Look , I don 't mean to be rude , but I really don 't have much time . Sure . I 'll go get my papers . You think what we do is a little ridiculous , don 't you ? Uh , to be honest , I don 't know exactly what it is that you do . But you 've already formed a judgment about it . I really should be going . There is a greater intelligence in all things . Accidents or near accidents often remind us that we need to keep our mind open to the lessons it gives . You may wanna slow down . Hello ? - Ah , Hurricane Scully has arrived . - I was summoned . Would you please tell the doc here why he should listen to me ? We 've already agreed to doses of digoxin far beyond what I 'd normally recommend . I guarantee you , Doctor , you 're doing it right . I can 't be responsible for drugs that might exacerbate your illness . There hasn 't been a double-blind analysis of prednisone 's effect . Prednisone ? That won 't complicate cardiac arrhythmia . Not if it 's just a short burst . There . An informed opinion . You come off so rational . But maybe you know less than you think . She 's been through some difficult times . And she 's very angry . How did she even find out ? There are things you don 't know . Things I 'm not proud of . - What things ? - I screwed up , Dana . Things got bad at home after ... - Bad how ? - I haven 't been completely honest with you . It was hard for me ... when you walked away . I shut down from my family . Needless to say , it was very difficult for Barbara . You divorced ? Only after an interminable period of discomfort for us both . Where did you go ? Here . Washington . - When ? - Almost ten years ago . Daniel . You didn 't move here for me ? - I didn 't mean for it to happen this way . - Oh , God . - You 've come at such a strange time . - I know , I know . You have a life . I don 't know what I have . I mean ... Your x-rays were in the wrong envelope . I only knew you were here because of a mix-up . It 's just ... What do you want , Dana ? I want everything I should want at this time of my life . Maybe I want the life I didn 't choose . Nurse ! We have a code in here ! Nurse ! He 's in V-fib . Get his head . - 200 joules . All clear ? - Clear . - No pulse , no resp . - 300 joules . - Clear ! - Clear . - No pulse , no resp . - Epinephrine , one milligram IV push . - Now ! Who 's paying attention ! - Ready . - Clear ! - Clear . We have a pulse . OK . Thank you . - Hi . Can I help you ? - Um , I 'm looking for Colleen . - You wanna come in ? - I just need to speak with her , that 's all . - I have to go . - Call me if anything interesting happens . I 'm surprised to see you again . I 'm sorry that I was rude before . I 'm a medical doctor and a scientist . And you 're right , I don 't know what it is that you do . But there was something you said I wanted to ask about . About slowing down ? Would you like to sit down ? Please . I have a friend who 's ill . And I had a strange feeling today , just a short while ago actually , that he may be dying from a more serious condition than anyone realizes . You sense something . Holistic practitioners believe , as do many Eastern religions , that living beings exist beyond the physical dimensions of time and space . That we 're composed of layers of energy and consciousness . You 've probably heard it referred to as an aura . Mm ... yes . Witness this energy field , and truths come out that have little to do with scientific proof , and much to do with faith . What are you saying that I saw ? Pain . And where there 's pain , there 's a need for healing . - Physically , mentally or spiritually . - But he has a heart condition . When we hold on to shame , and guilt , and fear , it creates imbalance . It makes us forget who we are . This is difficult for you to accept . Would you like to have some tea ? Have you ever had moments when everything gets incredibly clear ? When time seems to expand ? Yes . That 's so strange . You may be more open to things than you think . It 's just a matter of what you do with it . I used to be a physicist . I was successful in my field , working 80-odd hours a week ... I thought I was happy . Truth is , I was cut off from the world and from myself . I was literally dying inside . I was in a relationship with Carol , who you met . But I was so afraid of what the world and my family and my fellow scientists would think that I told no one . Then , two years ago , I was diagnosed with breast cancer . I 'm sorry . Don 't be . It 's the cancer that got my attention . It got me off the self-destructive path I was on . I realized I was in a field that had little meaning for me . It 's what 's allowed me to be happy for what feels like the first time in my life . But how ? I was introduced to a healer , who helped me see the disease for what it was . It wasn 't until I began releasing shame that my cancer went into remission . You still aren 't sure . You came here looking for answers and you want something to take back with you . Everything happens for a reason . - Are you happy ? - I 'm sorry ? I ... I was just going up to see your father . - You can 't . He 's in a coma . - Since when ? Since about two minutes after you supposedly saved his life . Do you have any idea the hell you 've created in our lives ? Maggie , to be honest , I left so there wouldn 't be hell in your lives . Don 't try to be reasonable with me . I am so sick of being reasonable . You moved on , but we 've had to live with what you left behind . What I try to do is clear the body 's energy channels , what we call chakras , which can become barriers to a doctor 's ability to effectively heal the patient . When these channels are working improperly , from poor physical or emotional health , the block creates conditions for disease . If I can unblock the energy , then I can prevent the onset or escalation of an illness . What 's going on here ? Dr Scully , who do you think you are ? We have nothing but Dr Waterston 's welfare in mind here . - You 're not his doctor . - I understand that . What 's taking place here is an alternative approach . What 's taking place here is a waste of time . Dr Waterston would be the first to agree with me . - Have you considered that ? - I just wanted to help him . - It seemed like nothing else was working . - With respect , that is not for you to assess . That is for me or Dr Waterston 's family to decide . Then let ' em continue . If it isn 't hurting him , we should at least be open to it . I 'm afraid there 's nothing more I can do at this time . This man , quite frankly , is ready to move on . But something seems to be holding him back . Unfinished business is binding him to this plane . Something he needs to release ... before he can let go . Speak to me . - Hello . - It 's Maggie . I need you to come to the hospital now . Maggie , what ... Daniel ? You think I 'd give up so easily ? You were slipping away . No one thought you 'd come out of this . - I 'm still in shock . - Imagine my shock when my doctor told me of the voodoo ritual you arranged last night . - I was afraid it didn 't work . - Of course it didn 't work . Don 't be absurd . Where did you get this crap ? Daniel , that crap may have just saved your life , whether you are open to it or not . That doesn 't matter . I don 't want to talk about that . Look at me . I 'm gonna get well . And we need to talk about what happens next for us . I spoke at length to Maggie . It 's time that you took responsibility for the hurt you caused in your family . It 's no accident that you got sick , Daniel . You 've been running from the truth for ten years . Dana , it was only to be with you . You were all I lived for . Maybe the reason you 're alive now is to make up for that . To make it up to Maggie . That 's Maggie talking , not you . No . I 'm not the same person , Daniel . I wouldn 't have known that if I hadn 't seen you again . Excuse me ! Hey . - Mulder ? - I was just looking for you . But you 're supposed to be in England . - I 'm back . - What happened ? Nothing . There was no event , no crop circles . Big waste of time . Maybe sometimes nothing happens for a reason , Mulder . - What is that supposed to mean ? - Nothing . Come on , I 'll make you some tea . - I just find it hard to believe . - What part ? The part where I go away for two days and your whole life changes . I didn 't say my whole life changed . You speaking to God in a Buddhist temple , God speaking back ... And I didn 't say that God spoke back . I said that I had some kind of a vision . Well , for you that 's like saying you 're having David Crosby 's baby . What is it ? I once considered spending my whole life with this man . What I would have missed . Who knows ? How many different lives would we be leading if we made different choices ? We ... we don 't know . What if there was only one choice ? All the other ones were wrong , and there were signs along the way to pay attention to . Then all the choices would then lead to this very moment . One wrong turn and we wouldn 't be sitting here together . Well , that says a lot . It says a lot , a lot , a lot . Probably more than we should be getting into at this late hour . I made this !
