 They said the birds refused to sing and the thermometer fell suddenly , as if God himself had his breath stolen away . No one there dared speak aloud , as much in shame as in sorrow . They uncovered the bodies one by one . The eyes of the dead were closed , as if waiting for permission to open them . Were they still dreaming of ice cream and monkey bars ? Of birthday cake and no future but the afternoon ? Or had their innocence been taken along with their lives , buried in the cold earth so long ago ? These fates seemed too cruel even for God to allow . Or are the tragic young born again when the world 's not looking ? I wanna believe so badly in a truth beyond our own , hidden and obscured from all but the most sensitive eyes ... in the endless procession of souls , in what cannot and will not be destroyed . I want to believe we are unaware of God 's eternal recompense and sadness . That we cannot see his truth . That that which is born still lives and cannot be buried in the cold earth . but only waits to be born again at God 's behest . where in ancient starlight we lay in repose . Ed Truelove was 19 when he committed his first murder . He was working as a janitor at an elementary school , and they needed someone to play Santa Claus . He never got over the feelings it aroused . He 's admitted to all of it , Mulder - 24 separate murders . But he refuses to take blame for Amber Lynn LaPierre . I was just handed the preliminary forensics report . Her body was not one of those found in the graves . Mulder , I know you wanted to find her out there . He 's got hours of video of her . I 'm talking about your sister . - I know that 's who you 're looking for . - Yeah . You don 't know how badly I wanted her to be in one of those graves . As hard as it is to admit , I wanted to find her here riding her bike like all these other kids . I guess I just want it to be over . Agent Mulder , Scully , there 's a Mr Harold Piller here to see you . Mr Piller ? - Agent Mulder . Agent Scully . - Do we know each other ? No , but I 'm happy to meet you . Hi . Harold Piller . Mr Piller , are you pan of this investigation ? Yes , I hope to be . - How can we help you ? - I was hoping to help you . You 're a police psychic . My references are on the back . I 've gotten some strong hits off this case . You 're lookin ' for a little girl , but she 's not among the dead . Your suspect is going to say he didn 't kill her . - Did he ? - No . I think I can help find her . Mr Piller , you have some interesting references here . You 've worked with law enforcements in Kashmir , India , Myanmar , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Khyber Pass ... That was a train wreck , a horrible tragedy . They called me in to locate the bodies of seven unrecovered children . - And did you recover them ? - I didn 't recover them . - But I explained what happened . - What happened ? The children 's bodies were transported from the accident site by a spiritual intervention - what are known as walk-ins . Thank you , Mr Piller , but we have real work to be done . I 've studied this phenomenon the world over , at mud slides in Peru , earthquakes in Uzbekistan ... Kids ' bodies never found , never accounted for in any other way . What happened to them ? The bodies were transported from the various sites in starlight . Please excuse us . Mulder ? - Hm ? - Mulder , please . What is it ? You have been through so much in such a short time - the death of your mother and the feelings for your sister - you 're vulnerable right now . We still have a missing body , Amber Lynn LaPierre . She may be alive . But this man won 't help us find her , by his own admission . It 's not the first time I 've heard what he 's saying , about the intervention of walk-in spirits . Kathy Lee Tencate mentioned it to me in prison . She said that 's what took her son . Because it 's foolproof , Mulder . Nobody is gonna disprove it if there 's no body . That 's exactly what this man does . He gives a comforting explanation at a wreck or an earthquake that everyone can live with , but the fact is , the bodies are still buried . Or maybe they are somewhere else . Like your sister . Mulder ... you told me that all you wanted was for this to be over . I do . I do . Well , then I 'm going back to Washington . There 's nothing more to be done here . - How long have you been doing this ? - A few years . I have a son who disappeared ... under strange circumstances . He 's never been found . And then one day I just , uh ... started to see them . These walk-ins , you say they come and take the children . Why ? In almost every case , the parents had a precognitive image of their child dead . Horrible visions . I believe what this is is the work of good spirits ... foretelling their fates - a fate the child was about to meet . A particularly violent fate that wasn 't meant to be . Which is why the spirits intervene , transforming matter into pure energy . Starlight . But it 's not what happened here . - How do you know that ? - Because these children all died suffering , pleading innocently for their lives . These beautiful children , so ... trusting and pure . I see them . My God , why ? Why must some suffer and not others ? You see them . Do you see Amber Lynn LaPierre ? She wasn 't here . She never was . But I 'm sensing a connection with her ... to this place . No . It 's a connection to ... - It 's a connection to you . - How 's that ? You lost someone close to you . A young girl . It happened ... a long time ago . Your sister . There 's a connection between these girls , isn 't there ? Between her and Amber Lynn ? What is the connection ? I don 't know . But we 're going to find them . I 'm sure of it . I 'm going to count backwards now , Fox . You 'll fall into a deep relaxed state , so that you remember all about your sister and what happened . 100 . 99 . 98 . 97 . 96 . Where are you now , Fox ? I 'm at home , my mom and dad 's . We 're in the den , playin ' a game . Who are you there with ? - Samantha . - Do you feel in any danger ? No . We 're arguing , you know , but not really . Just playin ' a game , foolin ' around . By what I can tell from the tape , he seems to be in a legitimate hypnotic state . Pieces on the board are fallin ' off , and ... Here , I became suspicious . - Samantha ? - Suspicious of what ? In 30 years with the FBI , you 'd think you 'd seen it all . I sometimes think I have . But this is just garden-variety compensatory abduction fantasy . Compensatory for what ? His guilt ? His fear ? Everything that prevents him remembering the truth about what happened that night . You mean his sister wasn 't abducted ? His sister definitely went missing in 1973 . That 's not in dispute . Agent Mulder , however , wasn 't regressed until 1989 . See , his delusion is playing into his unconscious hope that his sister is still alive . And if you think about it , his delusion has the effect of giving him reason to pursue her . But why alien abduction ? Close Encounters ? ET ? Who knows ? But there was probably a lot of imagery collecting in his head in those 16 years . And then he comes down here and he finds the X-Files . So what do you think happened to his sister ? Well , in 1973 , we were pretty unsophisticated about violent predatory crime . My guess is she was kidnapped in the house , her body was disposed of , never found . You think that his sister 's dead ? Have you seen this file ? There was an extraordinary amount of effort put into finding his sister . The Treasury Department got involved . His father worked at high level in the government . They found nothing . Why , Agent Scully ? Why do you want to bring all this back up now ? Someone owes it to Mulder . Word of advice , me to you ? Let it be . There are some wounds that are just too painful ever to be reopened . Well , this particular wound has never healed . And Mulder deserves closure , just like anyone . Apes evolved from men ? - There 's gotta be an answer . - Don 't look for it , Taylor . You may not like what you find . - What ? What are you doing ? - I 'm picking up something . - It 's three o 'clock . - There 's someone here . - Yeah , the TV is on . - No . A visitor . They ... they wanna speak . They wanna tell us something . What ? Get a piece of paper . And a pen . No , you . Shoot . It 's your mother . She 's here in the room with us . She 's trying to speak to you . What does she say ? She wants to tell you about your sister . Where she is . What is she saying ? - Harold ? - I don 't know . I ... - She 's gone . - Come on , Harold . - I lost her . - That 's crap . You 're full of crap . - No . - Get out . - I 'm telling you ... - I never should 've listened to you . She was here . She had a message . Please go . Look ! Who wrote that ? You did . - Mulder ? - Mulder , it 's me . I found something , and I 'm standing here not quite believing what it is . - What is it ? - I don 't know if you know this , but there was a Treasury investigation into Samantha 's disappearance . In 1973 , I know all about that . Well , I 'm in your mother 's house , and I found a piece of a document that she burnt . A document that matches one that I found in the Treasury investigation file . - But she had the original . - I don 't see where you 're going with this . This is the document that effectively calls off the search for your sister , Mulder . And it 's signed with the initials " CGBS " . CGB Spender , the Smoking Man . He was involved with this back in ' 73 . That 's not exactly a revelation . He was a friend of my father 's . You told me you believe that he 's the man that killed your father . That he 's the man who 's confounded your work , come close to killing you . Here , he 's ordering people to stop looking for your sister . I don 't see what you think this proves , or how it will help me find her . - You don 't wanna press him ? - It 's a dead end . He 's never been of any help and he won 't be of any help now . Look , I 'm pursuing this my own way , all right ? I gotta go . Not exactly the end of the rainbow , is it ? There 's something here . I 'm getting a strong sense of it . - I think we should have a look . - I 've had a look . What are you afraid of ? That you 'll really find her ? That you 'd have to deal with it ? There 's nothing here . It 's a decommissioned base . You wrote the name down yourself . Why do you care so much about what I feel ? Why is this so important ? You gentlemen need to move along . I ask you to turn around and get back in your car . There 's nothin ' to see here . There is something here to see , Agent Mulder . I 'm sure of it . Hello ? I should 've grabbed it for you . I like to make myself useful . You can start by putting out that cigarette . Got it all figured out , don 't you , Agent Scully ? All but why you can 't just come to the door and knock . I did that . No one answered . You 're sick . I had an operation . - What do you want ? - I want you to stop looking . You 've wanted that since 1973 , when you ended the search for Mulder 's sister . Your initials are on that document . Yes , I signed that order . Because I knew then what I know now - no one 's gonna find her . - Why not ? - Because I believe she 's dead . - No reason to believe otherwise . - You 're a liar . If you knew that she was dead , why didn 't you say earlier ? There was so much to protect before . It 's all gone now . So you just let Mulder believe that she was alive ? Out of kindness , Agent Scully . Allow him his ignorance . It 's what gives him hope . My sister was here ? Yes . In one of these houses , Where ? I 've lost it , whatever it was . Which house , Harold ? Come on , which house ? - I don 't know . - We don 't have all night . Which house ? Let 's go , Harold . You were right . This was the house . - How do you know ? - Look . I told you ! What did I tell you ? You told me she was here . You didn 't say with who . When did you come up with this story , Mulder ? Yesterday , you said that the Smoking Man wasn 't involved . You were right . He had every reason to call off the hunt for my sister . After her abduction , she was returned to him . He raised her at the military base , along with his son Jeffrey Spender . - Mulder ... - Scully , I saw her name in the cement . Her hand prints right next to his . Mulder , I spoke to him ... the Smoking Man , CGB Spender , whatever his name is ... You went to him ? He told me that she was dead . Well ... he 's a liar . Mulder , why would he lie now ? I mean , think about it . It hurts me to tell you this . The hand prints prove he 's a liar ! I saw her hand prints in the cement . Her name , Samantha , right underneath them . How more obvious can it be ? Harold Piller led me there . He led me right to ' em . Oh , he led you , Mulder . He led you from the moment that he met you . - Something wrong ? - Sit down , Harold . Hi . You 're back . Scully has informed me that you failed to mention something when we met . What ? That you 're currently the subject of a criminal investigation into the murder of your son . My son was taken from me . The police need someone to blame . That 's not all , Harold . Your history of mental illness . You were institutionalized , with schizophrenia . I 've got that under control . You wouldn 't have believed me if I 'd told you any of that . - Look what I 've shown you . - You only tell me what you see . I came to you because I wanna help . You think I 'm a fraud . What do I have to gain from this ? How am I any different from you ? All I want is to find my son . I ... I just ... I just want my little boy back . I see these things . I don 't know how , but ... there has got to be a reason . And if it 's not to help , what is it ? I know your sister is out there . Maybe I can prove it to you . Whoever 's lived here hasn 't lived here in a long time . - We 're gonna need to hold hands . - What do you mean ? I am going to try and summon their presence into the house . Oh , yay . A seance . I haven 't done that since high school . Maybe afterwards we can play postman and spin-the-bottle . I 'm not gonna say anything . I 'm just gonna be very quiet and still . That 's how it seems to work best . Urn , you might experience a sudden chill or ... feel a ... pressure in your ears . That means they 're here . And if they need to , they 'll let themselves be seen . Close your eyes , and let them come to you . They will come to you , if you 're ready to see . - How will we know ? - Shh . Stay quiet . You 'll know . Mulder ? - What are you doing ? - It 's here , - What is ? - There was a boy . He led me into this room . Mulder ? It 's a diary . It 's your sister 's . " They did more tests today , but not the horrible kind . " " I was awake and they made me lay still ... while they shined lights in my eyes . " " They asked me questions , but I always lie now , tell them what they want to hear , just to make them stop . " " I hate them and I hate the way they treat me - like I 'm an old suitcase they can just drag around and open up whenever they want to . " " They know I hate them , but they don 't even care . " This is 1979 . She 's 14 years old here . 14 years old . " Sometimes I think my memories were taken by the doctors , but not all of them . " " I remember faces . I think I had a brother ... with brown hair , who used to tease me . " " I hope ... some day he reads this and knows I wish I could see his face for real . " And then , uh ... She 's , uh ... talking about running away . She wants to run away , so that they stop doing the tests . And then it just stops . Let 's get outta here . I never stop to think ... that the light is billions of years old by the time we see it . From the beginning of time ... right past us into the future . Nothing as ancient in the universe . Maybe they are souls , Scully ... traveling through time with starlight ... lookin ' for homes . God , I wonder what my mother saw . I wonder what she was tryin ' to tell me . Get some sleep . All right . I got it . I couldn 't believe it when I saw it . It was like it was looking for me . - Sergeants blotter , 1979 . - What are you talking about ? - The description matches your sister . - When did you find this ? Mulder , it 's almost noon . Maybe she used another name . She could have given them a name other than her own . She didn 't give a name at all . Read this . It 's a medical report . Admittance notes say the ER nurses couldn 't get a name out of her . Neither could the cops . Medical examination is normal . Her mental state : it says here she was exhibiting signs of paranoia . " Evidence of probable self-inflicted abuse , including small crescent-shaped scars on her knees , wrists and chest . " Those are from the tests , Scully . That 's her . She was here , 14 years old , in this hospital . " Diagnosis of condition incomplete . Tests unavailable . " And he knew . He lied . He knew she was alive . And the only reason he 's lying now is because she 's still alive . Wait . Oh , I know - you don 't want me to get my hopes up . That was 1979 . It was 21 years ago . I don 't even know where to begin . And we don 't even have a record here of a doctor signing her out . We have an ER nurse who signed her in . What 's wrong ? I have this powerful feeling , and I can 't explain it , but that ... this is the end of the road . That I 've been brought here to learn the truth . Are you ready for it ? Do you want me to go talk to her myself ? OK . - I thought that was the door . - Arbutus Ray ? Yes ? The Arbutus Ray who was a nurse at the Dominic Savio Memorial Hospital in 1979 ? Yes , I 'm she . I 'd like to ask you about a patient you treated , a 14-year-old girl . I remember . Yes . She was such a pretty young girl . You couldn 't forget someone like her . Or how frightened she was , scared for her sweet life . Deputy brought her in , she was shaking like a leaf . Wouldn 't let anyone touch her but me . Then the strangest thing happened . You had a vision of her , dead . Like the parents of Amber Lynn LaPierre . No one believed me . Honestly , you 're the first person who ... - So you saw her dead ? - That night , in her bed . I blinked and it was gone . She was sleeping as sound as could be . I don 't know why , but ... it made some kind of strange sense . What do you mean ? There were men . They came to pick her up late that night . I assumed the one was her father , but he gave me such a chill when he looked at me , when I asked him would he please put out his cigarette . So they took her ? They meant to . But when I took them to her room ... she was gone . Disappeared out of a locked room . Just vanished . Samantha . Mulder , where did you go ? End of the road . He 's OK . It 's OK . My son ? You saw my son ? He 's dead . They 're all dead , Harold . - Your son , Amber Lynn , my sister ... - No . Harold , you see so much . But you refuse to see him . You refuse to let him go . But you have to let him go now , Harold . He 's protected . He 's in a better place . They 're all in a better place . We both have to let go . You 're wrong . I 'm going to find him . I don 't believe you ! Mulder , what happened ? Are you sure you 're all right ? I 'm fine . I 'm free . I made this !
