 - Stop right there ! - Freeze ! Put your hands in the air ! I need to tell the president something . I need to tell the president something ! - Please ! - Down on the ground ! I need to see the president . He needs to know . Look , he needs to know . Aliens ... Aliens ... They 're taking over the United States . He needs to know . He 's got a weapon . Get the weapon ! Get the weapon ! He 's shot . He shot himself . Dammit . Stupid son of a bitch . What was he thinking ? - Get a medic ! - Get a medic ! Please ... the president ... ( man ) The intruder 's in custody . Stand down . ( screams ) ( screams ) Mulder , are you OK ? Yeah . For a guy who was , uh ... in a coffin not too long ago , I think I 'm doin ' pretty damn good . I don 't quite have my legs under me ... yet . You might want to consider sitting down when you hear what we have to tell you . Uh-oh . No , it 's , uh ... it 's good news . It 's ... it 's miraculous news . I can 't possibly exaggerate the inconceivability of you sitting here . But , to be honest , your condition may be more incredible than your recovery . Whatever neurological disorder you were suffering from , it 's no longer detectable . After a course of transfusions and antivirals , it has rid your body of the virus that was invading it . The scars on your face , on your hands , on your feet , on your chest , they ... they seem to be repairing themselves . Mulder , you are in perfect health . Wow . How do you feel , Agent Mulder ? Like Austin Powers . Must feel good to be home . Something looks different . ( Scully ) Yeah . It 's clean . That 's it . I 'm missing a Molly . Yeah . She wasn 't as lucky as you . Mulder ... I don 't know if you 'll ever understand what it was like . First learning of your abduction ... and then searching for you and finding you dead . And now to have you back , it ... Well , you act like you 're surprised . I prayed a lot . And my prayers have been answered . In more ways than one . Yeah . I 'm happy for you . I think I know ... how much that means to you . Mulder ... I 'm sorry . I don 't mean to be cold or ungrateful. ljust ... I have no idea where I fit in ... right now . ljust , uh ... I 'm having a little trouble ... processing ... everything . It 's Marian the Librarian , boys . I got the new Harry Potter . ( laughs ) Our Lord and Saviour . For you . I 've got my books . Expand your horizons . I know all I need to know . Wanna bet ? Put a rise in your Levi 's . .. top story is the death of a man who jumped the fence at the White House last evening . His name now released . Howard Salt , a federal employee working on the US Census , got as far as the White House front door yesterday , where he was stopped by security and shot accidentally by his own gun . According to a Secret Service spokesman , Salt appeared irrational and resisted arrest , shouting grievances against the US government and demanding to speak with the president . Co-workers described him as likeable and hardworking . We never see ' em comin ' . People are so rarely what they seem . Gentlemen , please , sit down . An application was submitted to me this morning by Agent Scully , on behalf of our old friend Fox Mulder , for reinstatement . I assume you both know about this . - Reinstatement ? - To the X-Files . Mulderjust went home . Somebody 's very anxious for him to get back to work . I wanted you both to see this before I deny the application . What is it ? It 's a review of the success rate of the X-Files since Agent Doggettjoined the team . - Damn impressive , John . - Impressive , sir ? The only thing impressive is that I even know what 's goin ' on half the time . From this report , you and Scully have had more arrests on percentage than she and Mulder over seven years . Take a look . That 's not very fair to Agent Mulder . So many of his cases involved ... Aliens ? There lies the problem . The FBI isn 't a place for personal crusades . I 'm asking you both to make that understood ... on my behalf . You can 't ask me to tell Mulder he 's off the X-Files . It 's his unit . He created it . I 'm not asking you , John . You sent me to find Mulder . Don 't charge me with driving ' a stake through his heart . Maybe you 'd rather I close the X-Files . Then we 'd both be getting what we want . Let 's go , Agent Doggett . Now . Kersh wants to put me behind a desk ? That is not what Kersh wants . No , I think Kersh wants you to quit , Mulder . It 's more than that . He wants to punish you , to hurt you . And you , by putting you in this position . And Agent Scully , for not giving up on me . Truth is , this is a bullet that was fired about eight years ago . It 's a magic bullet that 's been goin ' round and round . It seems poised to hit me in the head . I think the question is , Mulder , are we gonna sit here and let this happen ? Scully , you 're gonna give birth in a couple of months . Talk as tough as you like , but you know , I know and they know that soon you 'll have more important things than whether or not the X-Files remains open . Kersh aims to keep them open with Agent Doggett running them . Agent who ? I 've had a partner for the last several months . He was assigned to help me find you . Mission accomplished . Does he know what he 's doin ' at all , this guy ? About the paranormal ? Not much . I see . Then maybe the question is not who fired this magic bullet , but whether or not it was a lone gunman . Agent Doggett is above reproach , Mulder . He 's being manoeuvred just like you . Good . At least he 's manoeuvrable . - Where are you going ? - Gonna get dressed . For the first time I feel like gettin ' back to work . ( horn ) Wrap it up ! Fall in ! Let 's go , ladies ! Stay in line . Let 's go . Come on , move it . - Get back in line . - Hey ! Go get that son of a bitch . Nobody move ! ( siren ) Stand down ! ( train horn ) ( gun cocks ) Get over here . Over here . Come on , sit down . Hands behind your back . Head down . Down between your legs . Absalom . That 's you , right ? What are you lookin ' at ? The back of your neck . Sit up , Agent Doggett . I had to make sure . - Make sure what ? - Make sure that you 're still you . Yeah , I 'm still me . So why don 't you put that weapon down ? Do you see this ? Huh ? Do you see it ? - Man shot at the White House . - They killed him ... for what he knew . Then they 'll kill me too . - Not if you put the weapon down . - No . They 'll kill me anyway . I got one chance here . With you . Sit down . Didn 't I tell you to sit down ? - I 'm not goin ' anywhere . - You 're going with me . And I 'm going to show you , and you 're going to spread the word . Doubting Thomas is going to spread the word . What word ? The invasion has begun . What invasion ? - They 're already here . - Who 's already here ? Certain men have gone out and withdrawn the inhabitants of their city , saying : " Let us go and serve other gods that ye have not known . " - I don 't know what that means . - I open my mouth ... in parables . I utter things that ... have been kept secret from the world . ( phone rings ) On your knees , John Doggett . He goes by the name Absalom . A self-styled prophet we apprehended in Montana , - where he commanded a small UFO cult . - ( ringing tone ) These words were found on the wall of his cell after he escaped from a work detail 40 miles from the state prison . We don 't know what they mean , but Absalom claimed to know of an alien invasion . There were also claims of healings of numerous abductees ... that had been subjected to alien torture . ( sniggering ) Claims that have never been substantiated or refuted . But evidence of torture was real . The only way we 're gonna get answers is to bring this guy in . Just know he is dangerous . He 's a felon , and he is capable of physical violence . All right , that 's it . - Where 's Agent Doggett ? - I can 't reach him . I can 't run this thing , Agent Scully . This is obviously an X-Files case . - I know . I 'm all over it. Iwill find him . - ( cellphone bleeps ) I don 't know if this is gonna make you feel any better . Hey . Mulder ... Who says you can 't go home again ? - What are you doing here ? - What 's it look like ? It looks like you want to give them some real ammunition to use on you . Hey , I am just down here visiting my buds . Where is Agent Doggett , anyway ? What kinda hours does he keep ? - You do not want to stir that up right now . - Why ? Because we have a manhunt in progress and I want Agent Doggett running it . Anything to do with this ? This Absalom abductee class picture ? Yes . It does . Why ? The man who was shot on the White House lawn is in that photograph . Top right-hand corner . In profile . Howard Salt , if I 'm not mistaken . He 's right . You 're right . Consider that a freebie . The next one 'll cost you . - Why ? What else do you know ? - I don 't know anything . But you know me , I got a real big hunch . This Howard Salt was a multiple alien abductee . Worked for the US Census Bureau . Wanted to get word to the president - grievances . - What do you bet they were ? - You think he knew something ? I think they killed him for it . He jumped the White House fence . He had a gun . Once again , I 'm a betting man . I 'm betting he had more than that . You make it sound like this was a conspiracy . Ooh . There 's that word again . You 're being paranoid , Mulder . Even for you . Do you wanna hear something paranoid ? The FBI gets its way , there 'll be nobody here to ask paranoid questions . Nobody to find those faces in those photographs . Surely not this Agent Doggett . Just what do you have in mind , if you don 't mind my asking ? It 's my head that 's gonna get blown off if there 's a screwup . We 're going to get what that man at the White House died for . ( gun cocks ) - To get it ? To get it where ? - Just concentrate on not screwing up . ( gun clicks ) Either way , you and I are gonna become overnight sensations . I know you know this , but if anything leaves the room , you could be in violation of the law . Really ? When I was dead I was hopin maybe they changed the rules . Mulder , just being here could be used by Kersh as cause for dismissal . Then why don 't you shut the door so he doesn 't find out ? I don 't know what you hope to find in Salt 's personal effects . Neither do I. But maybe it 's like Howard Salt 's picture . I 'll know it when I see it . You 'll risk the consequences even though there may be nothing ? You don 't get it , do you ? The man at the White House , the prison escapee . There 's something bubbling to the surface . I wanna know what it is . Mulder , you have been through an ordeal that defies all logical explanation . How can you think that these two men have the answers when they defy credibility ? Since when has an X-File not defied a certain credibility ? That 's the way it used to work . I need to make sense of what happened to me , so that I can stop it . If I can 't stop it , it could happen to anyone . To you . And who 's to say it 'll stop there ? Mulder , if you go down , the X-Files will go down too . They could put you in prison for what you 're doing . Yeah , well , compared to where ljust was , prison would be a Princess Cruise . Ho . Hey . What the hell is this ? The entire hard drive is taken up with this . Ten gigabytes of memory . - It 's been encrypted . - Mm . What are you doing ? I 'm gonna book myself on that Princess Cruise . I 'll book it for you . - State your name and your business . - Special Agent John Doggett , FBI . ( buzzer ) I hope you know I got no idea where I 'm goin ' down here . I just need access to wherever they compile all the data from the current US Census . - And then what ? - Then you pick up the phone . Tell the FBI why you aren 't coming to work until somebody pays this serious attention . Just so you 're not surprised , we might not make it that far . We passed through an x-ray scanner on the way in , back at the gate . Well , you better hope we make it . I 'd hate to see you die in vain . That 's sorta in your hands , huh ? So just in case , tell me what 's here that 's worth me dying for . - It 's all in the Census data . - What ? Proof . That they 're already here . That they 're already among us . It 's all in there . I got a loaded gun pointing at this man 's head ! He 's an FBI agent ! - Back off ! - I 'll pull the trigger ! - Listen to the man ! Back off ! - I 'll pull it ! Lower your weapons ! Listen to him ! It may not be the best way , but it 's one way to catch an escaped convict . I 'd just as soon stick to the old-fashioned way , sir . Shot was too close for comfort . You say this man claimed the US Census Bureau had data , information that connects to this man who was shot at the White House ? Proof , he said , that they were here among us . Whoever they are . - Sir . - Agent Mulder . Is this John Doggett ? You Agent Doggett ? I hope you 're not commending him as a hero , because he is not . - I 'm not about to referee a boxing match . - Just what 's the problem here ? The problem ? You occupy an office that was devoted to finding the truth , and you 're burying it , that 's the problem . Whoa . You must 've got your wires crossed somewhere . - You got that man killed . - I got him killed ? Because of what he was gonna expose . - You see this , Agent Mulder ? - I see you sitting there , Agent Doggett . That 's good enough for me . You gotta understand what he 's been through . I mean , now he 's back and you 're ... You know , it 's not fair . You 've been dead for six months and you still look better than me . - But not by much . - Ha-ha ! Melvin . I 'd be a whole lot happier to see you if you 'd just take your hands off my ass . Sorry . I think it goes without saying that we 're all , uh , tremendously relieved . Notjust because we have questions about your involvement in a certain blessed event . So much for playing a hunch , Mulder . The gunmen were able to decrypt the data that you found on Howard Salt 's hard drive . It was a series of file directories that were downloaded the day that he died . - Downloaded from where ? - The FSC - the Federal Statistic Center . A government information bank used by the US Census Bureau where Mr H Salt worked . What are you waitin ' for ? Get crackin ' . Unless you think we 're all idiots , it 's only Langly who 's the idiot . It 's not my hacking skills . I 've never seen such a radical counterdefensive . 15 minutes after Howard Salt was shot at the White House , firewalls went up on every data bank at that very facility . Well , why do that ? Because I 'm right . Because they would kill to protect what 's in those files . Unless you got a password , we don 't see any way short of that of getting ahold of this data . And , even if you have a pass code , you still have to break into the FSC just to use it . We all agree you 're gonna have to let this one go . Oh . I see . Somebody 's been doin ' a little campaigning for her cause . Remember , this is America . Just because you get more votes , doesn 't mean you win . Your name came up today , John . Folks are all worked up . They say you dodged a bullet . You can 't dodge what you don 't see comin ' , Knowle . That should tell you about who you 're dealing with . Who am I dealing with ? NSA ? Secret Service ? Military ? Who ? You know better than that , John . They shot the man in cold blood . Didn 't even stop to ask him his name . The way I hear it he made it too easy . Taking a federal agent hostage in a government facility . They 'd have shot him anyway . - Without a doubt . - Why ? You and I have been friends a long time . | tell you things . But this is another level . Don 't give me that doublespeak crap . I 'm bein ' accused . Accused ? Of what ? - Of being used to get that man killed . - Well , that 's insane . Oh , is it ? Maybe I am being used , and ljust don 't know it . That 's what I want to know from you . Can 't tell you that , John . But I can tell you somethin ' . One thing you already know . These men are very good shots . What don 't I know ? Three words . ( horn ) Hold up ! - Agent Doggett ? - Yeah . - Could you wait a minute ? - I 'm sorry to surprise you . I don 't mean to . What are you doing here at this hour ? I got somethin ' for Mulder , only I can 't go up there . I don 't know him and he doesn 't trust me , so I 'm gonna ask you to get it to him . What do you have to give him ? Information about this escaped convict who took me hostage . One of his disciples was the man shot on the White House lawn . Agent Mulder knows that already . He doesn 't know that man had a computer diskette he was tryin ' to get to the president . - Who gave you this information ? - I can 't tell you . But what I can tell you is - You have this ? This password ? - It 's three words . " Fight the future . " Scully , what are you doin ' back ? - Did something just happen ? - I 'm , um ... I 'm not exactly sure I should tell you , Mulder . Scully , if you know something that can get us moving fonivard again , you need to tell me . ( pounding on door ) - Yeah , who is it ? - It 's Skinner . Open up , Agent Doggett . - What are you doin ' here ? - Scully 's at her apartment , beside herself . Over what ? Mulder somehow got hold of a computer password to a database filled with secrets . What kind of secrets ? Names of people the federal government is tracking using the US Census . People who have a certain genetic profile . It 's the same information he believes the shooter at the White House knew about . - Also the guy that took you hostage . - You said Scully was upset . That Mulder was gonna act on this information in some way that ... What ? - You know about this ? - I gave Scully the password . - Where did you get it ? - I can 't tell you that . I 'm startin ' to wonder about you too , John . Just whose side you are working on here . I 'm startin ' to wonder about that myself . What 's Scully 's number ? That 's why I 'm here . I can 't get hold of either of them , and I have no idea where they went . - Where are you goin ' ? - I can 't tell you . If I open up my mouth , I put you at risk . You 're gonna have to trust me on this . ( knocking ) - What are you doing here ? - Where 's Agent Mulder ? He wouldn 't listen to me . - Get outta here . Get goin ' . - I can 't do that to him . Then do it for yourself . Look , I think I may have set you up . - What ? - Get outta here and I 'll explain it to you later . No . You 'll explain it to me now . Set us up how , and with whom ? The same men that shoot first and ask questions later . Agent Doggett ! Frohike ? Langly ? Byers ? Let 's go . I 'm dyin ' out here . Let us just finish our cappuccino and biscotti , and we 'll see what we can do . You can start walking now , Mulder . - Is the system bypassed ? - You 'll know if it 's not . Great . ( phone rings ) ( Frohike ) Smile , buddy boy . The eye in the sky is watchin ' . ( Langly ) We 'll be watching Mulder get busted if I don 't find the override circuit . ( Byers ) Everything 's under control . Just hold tight . ( Langly ) OK , got it ! ( Frohike ) And voila ! Come on , guys . I 'm on autopilot here . ( Frohike ) Go left , Mulder . There should be a pair of glass doors about 100 yards up . ( Byers ) According to our information , those doors will lead you straight into the data bank . Who 's workin ' on the locks , fellas ? Stand by . There you go . ( Langly ) There ought to be two work stations . Either one will give you access to the data . Let 's do some emailing . Agent Mulder , get outta there ! ( pounding ) Agent Mulder ! - Mulder ? What the hell 's that ? - Your life 's in danger if you don 't get up now ! Just a fly buzzin ' around the window . - Argh ! - Oh , God ! Agent Mulder , you 're comin ' with me . I 'm here to save you , whatever you may think . You 're tryin ' to keep this information from seeing the light of day , like you did before . - That 's what I think . - I don 't know what that information is . You 're about to , along with a lot of other people . They 'll learn they 've been targeted because of their genes for abduction and replacement by alien facsimiles . What do you say we start off with The Washington Post , huh ? Believe what you want , but that information will never make it out . What are you gonna do ? Shoot me ? ( dials phone ) ( cellphones ring ) ( all ) Hello . - Something 's wrong . - What are you talking about ? I think we 've been setup . You have to get Mulder out of there . Right now that 's ... basically impossible . Uh-oh . Mulder ... better start typin ' fast . - Why ? - The cavalry just arrived . You son of a bitch . You set me up . No . - Get him out of there , gunmen . - ( Langly ) We 're workin ' on it . - Come on , Mulder , we 're gettin ' outta here . - Hey , get off of me ! If I set you up , Iwouldn 't be here tryin ' to convince you to go . They 're comin ' to kill you . They 'll kill me too . That 's the setup . ( Langly ) You 'd better listen to him . They got the data trapped , and I can 't get it uploaded , let alone start transmission . - What is happening , Byers ? - We 're trying to figure that out . - Mulder , are you there ? - I 'm here . It looks like there 's really , uh , no good way out of there . Except ... Except what ? It 's a long shot , but ... worth a try , especially given the alternative . Here 's what you do . You got two minutes , Knowle . Two minutes to give me one good reason why I shouldn 't put your name in lights . Why I shouldn 't expose you for the lying ' bastard you are . Hey , John , nice knowin ' you . See that man across the park ? You walk , he puts your name on all the wrong desks . IgetH , John . You ask me for information . | tell you what I can . What you do with it is out of my hands . You knew what I would do with it . That 's why you gave it to me . You expose me and then what ? Where are you gonna get your answers ? Cos you 're standing on the tip of the iceberg , my friend . - You 're full of crap . - Am I ? What is it you think those men were protecting ? Census data ? You need me . I don 't need someone usin' me to get another man killed . You think this is about Mulder ? It 's about the truth , John . - What truth ? - You got it all right in front of you . It 's all in the X-Files . I 'm just one man tryin ' to point you in the right direction . Visiontext Subtitles : Kerrie Slavin ( child ) I made this !
