 " Ashes to ashes ... dust to dust . " We are hereto deliver the body of Fox Mulder to its resting place . We pray to God to deliver his soul and to resolve the deep mysteries Fox Mulder sought so tirelessly to uncover . Let us pray now ... for his eternal peace . " ' I am the resurrection and the life ' saith the Lord . " ' " He that believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live , and whosoever liveth and believeth in me ... shall never die . " ' He was the last . His father and mother ... his sister ... all gone . I think the real tragedy ... is that for all of his pain and searching ... the truth that he worked so hard to find was never truly revealed to him . I can 't truly believe that I 'm really standing here . I know . I don 't truly believe that ... Mulder 's the last . Smile , John . You look tense . I 've asked you here to commend you . - What 's this ? - A letter to the director . Citing your meritorious efforts in the recovery of Agent Fox Mulder . And a recommendation that you be considered for advancement . The AD here deserves more credit than I ... Deputy Director Kersh spoke to me at length before you came up . He thanked me and asked me to write you a letter too . I 'm officially transferring you off the X-Files to a division more suited to your talents . Man of my word , Agent Doggett . Thank you for your support , sir . But all things being equal I , uh ... I 'd like to give any transfer some thought . Fish while they 're bitin ' . John . Hey , good mornin ' , Agent Scully . How 're you feelin ' today ? I 'm fine . How are you feeling ? Me ? Good . But then I don 't got a little J Edgar to lug around . AD Skinner just called . He told me about your meeting with Kersh . Whatever he told you , I 'll still be here to drive you crazy with questions and nagging doubt . You 'd be crazy to stay , Agent Doggett . This is a huge career opportunity for you . It 's not my career he 's got in mind . What do you mean ? In six weeks you go on maternity leave . Kersh transfers me out , guess what . He gets to lock that door over there for good . You don 't owe me anything , Agent Doggett . They put me down here to find Mulder . I found him . So what ? We still got an open file on this case , and I got big questions . What ? I heard the same speech come out of my mouth seven years ago . Get out while you can , Agent Doggett , or you may never get out at all . All stop ! All stop ! In the net ! Get the light ! Down there ! Further out ! Get the Coast Guard on the radio ! Tell ' em to send a chopper out ! Doesn 't look like there 's any big reason to hurry . So what 's the deal here ? Body was found at sea . DA wants to know how it got there . Two in the morning . I 've once to see a DA here in his jammies waitin ' for an answer . I see a surgical cut or scar on the sternum , linear-pattern scarring on each facial cheek . But for a certain enviable postmortem intumescence , this man is unremarkable . Short of this body telling ' us what happened I 'd say we got a long night ahead . Doctor ... it moved . - Joke 's on me , right ? - His mouth , his lips ... they moved . Yeah , well , maybe he 's tryin ' to tell ... - Yeah ? - It 's Skinner . - Meet me at the Bureau in 20 minutes . - For what ? I got a call from the police pathologist in Wilmington . Fishermen pulled in a dead body 50 miles offshore which they 've ID 'd as Billy Miles . - Billy Miles ? - Kid from Oregon . He was abducted same time Mulder was last May . So what 's the big hurry now ? Now he 's alive . You told Agent Scully any of what you told me ? - No . - My strong recommendation , sir : don 't . This pans out or not , you 're gonna reopen wounds that still need a lot of healing ' . Not to mention the fact that she 's had a difficult pregnancy . You know that . I appreciate your concern , Agent Doggett , but I wouldn 't have told her anyway . Certainly not where we 're going . Where are we goin ' ? We 're opening ' up more than a grave here . I respect that , but I think not digging it up would be more regrettable , don 't you ? - No . I think this is insanity . - Personally , I couldn 't live with the doubt . That what ? That we buried a man alive ? We found Mulder , you and me together . We saw the same body . Mulder wasn 't just dead , he 'd been dead for days . Had to have a closed casket . The body was too far gone , and that was three months ago . The kid they pulled from the ocean - from the extensive tissue necrosis he could 've been in the water for months . Heart beat , rate of metabolism - it slowed to imperceptibility . The body had rigored . For all intents and purposes , he was dead . - It 's a fluke that the doctor even noticed . - I don 't believe it . And I don 't believe I 'm even standing ' here . What the hell is this ? - Assistant Director Skinner ? - Yes . - Arthur Gaffin , County Coroner . - I asked you to keep this low-key . Word spreads . Exhumation 's big news any day , and you have the body moved to another county to a specific pathologist . Well , that takes people and paperwork . I want these people out of here . All right , listen up . As much as you 're here to see the horror show , I 'm not lettin ' that casket open up until we get some privacy . It 's a private matter . Thank you . Agent Skinner , so no one 's confused , this is a completely different scenario . I 'm only here cos you asked for me . I don 't expect to find anything in the box but a dead man . It 's not gonna be Curse of the Mummy . OK ? I 'll say it again - insanity . - Is it true ? - Slow down . - No . I wanna see him . - I know you do ... - No , I need to see him , dammit ! - You 're not going in there . Scully , you can 't . Tell me it 's true . Tell me . It 's so improbable ... and I would have said impossible before this . The clinical fact he 's alive when , effectively , this man , his tissue , and I presume his neural and vascular systems , are all in a state of decomposition . - What does that mean ? - That effectively ... he 's dead . What are they saying ? I need to see him . I know . But I wish you wouldn 't . - You wanted to see me , sir ? - Yes . John . Please come in . I 've been in this office just over six months , and I haven 't yet had to see a sunrise from it . I believe the sunrise isn 't for another hour and six minutes , sir . It serves a man to have useful information , John . One never knows when he might find himself having to survive on his wits alone . Yes , sir . I know you look forward to a future at the FBI , John . You take your job seriously . I hope you took my job offer seriously too . As I said , I 'm thinkin ' about it . I got a call about this ... Mulder thing . I want you to drop it . - Drop it ? - You know the tune . " If it looks bad , it 's bad for the FBI . " I 'm throwin ' you a rope . Don 't go and hang yourself with it now . - What are you doing ? - Nothing . I was looking in on the patient and he started to go into grand mal seizure . I think he 's all right now . Um ... It 's OK . I 'm , uh ... Sorry . I 'm a ... I 'm a doctor . - My name is Scully , and I 'm with the FBI . - You 're here to treat him ? No . No . I , uh ... The man down the hall was my ... is my partner , and we knew Billy . And I guess I was just hoping ... that there might be some indication that he was getting better ... somehow . Anyway ... Um ... you might wanna tell the doctor about this . And , uh ... and check those monitors carefully . Are you all right , sir ? I 'm OK . I 'm OK . I 'm OK , thank you . All aboard . I don 't know how you got in this building , Krycek . but whatever it is you want ... you can go to hell . What do you want from me ? Let 's take a ride . The word on the street is he 's back from the dead . - He 's a regular Houdini . - Tell me what you want . What I want is to give you the chance to save Mulder 's life . - You don 't believe me ? - No , I don 't . I can push a button and send the thousands of nanobots lying dormant in your bloodstream sizzling to your brainstem , and all I wanna do with that power is save a man 's life . I don 't think his life can be saved . I have a vial that contains a vaccine . Mulder knows of it . His father developed it to fight the alien virus . There 's no vaccine can help the man I found in that grave . You found him , and you don 't even know what you got . It 's a push of a button , Walter . You can 't do this to yourself . You asked me not to come in here , Agent Doggett . I hope you 're not asking me to leave . My concern is for your wellbeing , Agent Scully . That 's all it 's ever for . I felt this was a bad idea from the start . I told the assistant director so . worrying about the effect it might have on you . You mean , finding Mulder alive ? I know you came in here with the doctors . You must have asked them what his chances are . Agent Doggett ... However I felt about you when we first met , you changed my opinion with the quality of your character and of your work . Now , I am thankful to know you , and I am thankful for your concern . But no matter what Mulder 's chances are , the choice not to open up that grave was wrong . And not because of me personally , but as my partner on the X-Files . Now , the truth may hurt , but it 's all that matters . - What truth ? - About what caused this . You 've gotta come quickly . It 's Billy Miles . I don 't really remember all that much of anything . Do you have any idea what you 're doing here , Billy ? Do you have any conscious memory at all ? I remember water . - And I remember being on the ship . - You were found by a fishing boat . That 's not what you mean . Is it , Billy ? You mean a spacecraft . They took so many this time . But now I understand . They 're here to save us . Well , that 's great news . I 'm gonna let you two talk . Agent Doggett , where are you going ? Back to the real world . Why ? You just won 't believe it , will you ? Not even for a minute . Not even with it staring you in the face . Is that so important to you ? What I believe or don 't believe ? I 'm really not up to this assignment anyway , as you so gently put it . Agent Doggett , you spoke with his doctors . He was lying on his deathbed . I 'm with you , Agent Scully . It 's a medical mystery , for sure . But don 't ask me to take a load of horse crap for the gospel truth . I underestimated you , Agent Doggett . I thought this was just simple resistance to extreme possibilities . - When , in fact , you 're just bull-headed . - Do you believe it , Agent Scully ? I mean that stuff he said about aliens coming to save the world . - Hi - Hi Nobody called me , about Billy . I know . I 'm sorry . - What , this is incredible . - It 's too incredible . Sir , there isn 't a piece of medical data on him that isn 't 100 per cent normal . Why are you questioning that , when it could mean the doctors are wrong about Mulder ? Because it doesn 't make sense . I mean , there should be blood , fluid , electrolyte imbalances , loss of brain function . But as it is , it 's like he shed his skin and literally became a new person . And I don 't mean the same person . What are the chances this could be due to an alien influence ? - Could it be a virus ? - Why are you asking me this ? Sir , if you know something ... Look , we 're working against the clock here . This could happen to Mulder . And until we know what it is we have to do everything to control it . There may be a vaccine . - Where ? - It doesn 't come without a price . This is about saving a man 's life ! Yes . It is . Brother . You aren 't someone I expected to be ... paying me a visit . - How are they treating ' you ? - Treatin ' me ? Like a prophet . That 's what I 'm here about - your prophecies , these preachings of yours . Oh . You misread me , is that it ? I wanna know about these men and women you say you find left for dead . You found someone yourself . Left for dead , but who 's not dead . Yes . You 're here to receive the word ... and yet you can 't bring yourself to say my name . Say it . - Absalom . - " I am the resurrection and the life . " " He who believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live . " Do you know the words ? They 're from the Bible . What is the Bible ? Preaching ... prophecy ... misread . Look , I 'm not here to debate theology . I 'm here because somehow you healed these people and I wanna know how you did it . - I need your help . - You ask for my help ... but you refuse to believe in me . It 's hard to believe , isn 't it ... that Mulder could ever possibly get out of that bed ? - I need the vaccine , Alex . - Yeah ? Time is wasting ' . What do I have to do ? It 's simple , really . Make sure Scully doesn 't come to term . - You 're out of your mind . - She can 't have that baby . No . The answer is no . We all have a life in our hands . I have yours ... you have Mulder 's ... and Scully has her unborn child . It 's who 's willing to sacrifice . - Where are you goin ' ? - I don 't have time to debate our differences . I strongly believe that Agent Mulder is infected with a virus . A virus ? One that seems to keep the body just alive enough to take it through a transformation . - Into , let me guess , an alien . - Agent Doggett , I don 't have time to argue . I 'm not arguin ' , and for what it 's worth , that 's what this guy that first found Mulder told me . - This man that we put in prison . Absalom ? - He told you this was a virus ? No . He said abductees were being returned and left for dead . If he hadn 't done his hocus-pocus they would 've been resurrected as aliens . It was all part of some big alien takeover of the world . That 's it . - What 's it ? - How Billy Miles came back so perfectly . I stood and watched his body go into seizure just moments before this happened . On the monitor there were two heartbeats . I told the nurse it was a mechanical error . You think this kid has sloughed his skin and come back as an alien ? And it 'll happen to Mulder if we don 't stop it soon . - Where are you goin ' ? - I need a surgical bay , a team of doctors . I have to keep Mulder 's body stabilized in order to administer the vaccine . What vaccine ? The one I asked AD Skinner to get me . Assistant Director ? Open up . It 's John Doggett . - What the hell are you doin ' ? - You don 't understand . - You 're killin ' him . - I have no choice . He wanted me to kill Scully 's baby . Who ? Alex Krycek . For the vaccine . It 's the only way he 'd give it to me . But I couldn 't trust him . I couldn 't do that to her . Where is he ? Stop the car ! Stop the car ! You lookin ' for this ? It 's the vaccine , for Mulder . Agent Doggett . Agent Mulder 's in the 0R . Did you get the vaccine ? Listen to me . You weren 't wrong . He wasn 't to be trusted . Is he gonna make it ? I don 't know . - I really don 't know how we could 've known . - What ? That by keeping him on life-support we were incubating the virus . - We were hastening it along . - How 'd you figure it out ? When Skinner pulled Mulder off the machines his temperature dropped rapidly , without affecting his vital signs . You mean Skinner saved him . What about the vaccine ? If we can stabilize him and his temperature , we can give him courses of antivirals . I think it could work . John . Sir . Morning rush hour . I got here as quickly as I could . Missed the sunrise . L was with Agent Scully . I know . It 's gonna be awful crowded down in that X-Files office . Maybe you didn 't hear me . I said you 're on the wrong floor . Yes , sir . Mulder ... Hi . Who are you ? Oh , my God . Don 't do that to me . Do you know ... Do you have any idea what you 've been through ? Only what I see in your face . Anybody miss me ? I made this !
