 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( man ) The Bible says God appeared to Moses in the burning bush . He came to Jesus on a mountaintop . For Buddha , God came while he sat under a tree . God came to me in a vision in the desert , February 26 , 1991 . God ! My recon squad had engaged .Saddam 's army in a small Bedouin encampment . We 'd been ambushed , taken on by surprise . And there were casualties . - I can 't feel my legs ! - You 're gonna be OK . Damn it , get on the radio ! We need some help here ! Zulu six-two , we are under attack . Repeat : we are under attack . We are taking heavy machine-gun fire . We were holding our perimeter ; and we might have held up but on this day I had a terrible sense of foreboding . I saw the future of those brave men , and they were about to die . Death came to take my men , but not me . I was left as a witness to a vision . Angels ... from heaven . " Behold , a whirlwind came out of the north , and a brightness was about it . " '3 ¢ d out of the midst came the likeness of four living creatures . " '3 ¢ d they had the likeness of a man . " I knew why my life had been spared . I was to deliver the message of these angels , of these sons of God . To deliver the message of the god who came before all other gods . At seven o 'clock this evening , in a Washington , DC alley , the vehicle carrying the son of Agent Dana Scully was forced to a stop by a female shooter , who proceeded to kidnap the child at gunpoint _ The van was being driven by three men , asked by Agent Scully to protect the child . The three men are currently working to ID the assailant . John Doggett was seriously injured by the same female shooter as he tried to halt her vehicle . Agent Doggett remains in a coma , under close watch at St Mary 's Hospital . This kidnapping follows a failed attack on Scully 's child by another FBI agent , Robert Comer . He remains in critical condition , also at St Mary 's _ Now , this man 's motives , and the motives of the female kidnapper , are still unknown . Let me emphasise that the FBI has no reason to believe that it cannot effect the safe return of Agent Scully 's child . Agent Scully . - I told you you didn 't need to be here . - I just had to see this for myself . - Go home . - To what ? I 'm just saying , you don 't need to put yourself through this . We 've got every stop pulled , every available agent working to find your son . And AD Brad Follmer leading the charge . Kersh asked him . He knows how to run a task force . You see that in there . I see a man who withholds information for Kersh , a man who not once but twice failed to prevent an attack on my son . You see a task force in there . I see a whitewash . I know you 're upset , but you can 't possibly accuse Follmer or Kersh of having any part in this . What is it gonna take for you ? How many people have to be taken out for you to open your eyes to it ? My son . Agent Doggett . Mulder . Kersh protected you by not telling you of Mulder 's death , as did Follmer - as did I. You call it protection . I call it a systematic effort inside the FBI to eliminate us . You accuse anyone of anything in the FBI , you have to accuse me along with them . - Scully , where are you going ? - To find my son . ( monitor bleeping ) - Hi . - Hi . His hands are so cold . Have you talked to the doctors yet ? They say the good news is that there 's no swelling of the brain . But they were very frank that he could just never wake up . I wonder if he can hear us . There 'd be soldiers in Vietnam ... Bodies turned inside out . I 'd hold their hands just like you 're doing . Tell them it was gonna be OK . Do you think it helped ? Talking to them ? I always thought it was like ... like praying . Even if they can 't hear , maybe ... God can . ( phone ) - Hello ? - How 's he doing ? No change . I need to see you right away , Monica . Are you alone right now ? Skinner 's here with me . I 'd prefer if Skinner didn 't know . - We found her . - Who ? The woman that took William . Sne 's a wanted felon , and part of the UFO cult that the FBI was investigating . I need anything that you can find on ner , Monica , but I need you to get it quietly . ( Langly ) Access denied ? ! Yeah , we 'll see about that . If they ID 'd the woman , why isn 't the FBI investigating it ? I asked them not to tell the FBI . - What are you doing , Dana ? - I 'm trying to get my son back . - ( bleeping ) - ( Frohike ) We 're locked on . ( Langly ) Like there was ever a doubt . Which brings us closer to finding William . Langly 's inside the system . I 'm hacked inside the phone company . I 'll use their mainframe to scan for a locator signal . Before William was kidnapped , Byers tucked a cellphone under the baby 's car seat . Call the phone , and Langly can use the signal to find its location and find the baby . Assuming the kidnapper nasn 't found the phone . ( bleeping ) We 'll keep trying . This is madness , and you know it . They failed you once , they 're gonna fail you again . - Then I 'll find him myself . - Not alone . Look , what alternative do I have , when the FBI is all but telling me they think that my son is already dead ? We 've got a signal . In Warfordsburg , Pennsylvania , off the interstate . You coming with me ? Or am I going alone ? ( buzzing ) ( phone ) - Have you got him ? - ( woman ) Yes . He 's safe . We 're here . ( man ) We need to go carefully now . I want you to stay where you are . - I 'm sending someone to get you , all right ? - Yes . ( clunk ) It 's moving ! Can you hear me ? I need some tools . Go get some tools ! Come on , move it ! Federal agent ! John Doggett , where is he ? He 's not in his bed . They 've taken him to Radiology to run a CAT scan . - Would you like me to call his doctor ? - No , I was just worried . I 'm sorry . - What ? - Nothing . I 've known you a long time , and this just seems a little traditional for you . Maybe when you 're lost you knock at the door with the porch light on . Hey , hey . I want you to know , I 'm doing all I can to find the woman who did this . Even though we 've got people inside the FBI working against us . That was foolish , going after her by yourselves . We could have been there before you , even captured the suspect . Instead she got away . - This is complicated . If you came to bust ... - No . No . I came here to ask for your cooperation . Not sharing information creates an atmosphere of distrust . Then I 'm less apt to share my information with you . What haven 't you shared with me ? This FBI agent who tried to kill Scully 's baby has come around . He 's got something he wants to tell us . What ? I need your cooperation . ( monitor bleeping ) You said he tried to tell you something . How was that possible ? He didn 't tell me , exactly . He wrote it down . I don 't know what this means . I don 't know either . But it means something , and I want to know what . - Just tell me where you got this . - You know what it means ? Robert Comer wrote this , didn 't he ? The FBI agent who tried to kill my son . And how did you get it ? I got it under the condition that I share what I learn from you . - Take it . - What is it ? What does it mean ? If I don 't tell you , you 're good on your word , right ? That means that you 've learnt absolutely nothing from me . - Where are you going ? - To the hospital . It doesn 't work that way . This began when the agent lying in that hospital crashed his motorcycle . Somehow he got to Washington without a scratch and he tried to kill my son . Now , tell me , how did he do that , Monica ? With something I found in his jacket pocket , in a jacket that he wore to my house , that I put three shots in . The artefact . The piece of the ship . ( bleeping ) ( bleeping speeds up ) - Let go . - Oh , my God . Let go of my hand . Turn off the monitors or they 're gonna alert somebody . Now , tell me , who sent you to kill my son ? Or I will take that pillow from under your head and make them the last breaths that you take . Your son has to die . Not what you think . Please . Please . The FBI sent me undercover on a man named Josepho , to get inside his cult , whose followers believe an alien race will rule the world . One day , God told Josepho to lead us 1,000 miles north to find a ship buried in the ground . You have a piece of that ship in your hand . Josepho believes that that ship is a temple housing the physical manifestation of God . Are you saying that God asked you to kill my child ? No . Josepho said God spoke to him of a miracle child , a future saviour , coveted by forces of good and evil . - Josepho believes your son is this child . - Why does he want to kill him ? He doesn 't . He wants to protect him . Josepho believes your son will follow in his father 's paths and try to stop the aliens ' return ... Unless his father was to be killed . That is the prophecy . You came here to kill her son , against this man and his cult ? To stop them ? Are you saying you believe this prophecy but acted alone ? What he 's saying ... is that Mulder is dead . That that 's true . That they killed him to fulfil this prophecy . And that your son must die too . Or everyone , all of mankind , will perish from Earth . Please . Please , let me ... Please . Please ! What is going on here ? What are you doing in here ? They turned off all the monitors . They removed his intubation _ What are you doing in here ? This patient does not need support . He 's breathing on his own . Step outside . Both of you . Let 's go . Get me ADS Follmer and Skinner . It 's not working . - You weren 't followed ? - No . He 's safe now . He 's safe with us . ( clunk ) Where 's Scully and Reyes ? They were told to wait out here . Assistant Director ? We need Scully and Reyes , now . - What are we gonna tell them ? - Who ? The FBI . About Agent Comer . About what just happened . About how he was healed . Just tell them the truth . They 're not on our side . They will use the truth against us . You don 't believe what you heard in there ? What that man was telling you ? How could you doubt him ? After everything that you 've just witnessed , after what you saw with my son ? I mean , this is exactly what I feared , that there 's something terribly wrong . From the very moment that he was conceived . Your child was a miracle , Dana . The things I 've witnessed are no less miraculous , but your son is not an abomination , a thing that should cease to exist . You tell me on that ship is written scripture from the world 's great religions . Tell me a religion that decrees the death of a child . Not just your child , but any child . This is a man saying these things to us . How many religions warn of false prophets , men sent to deceive us ? The only thing that I believe is that your son may still be alive , and we can find him and save him . And with that object in that room , we can save Agent Doggett too . You two better get outta here . - Agent Comer 's dead . - What ? ! This man was alive . You saw him . He was alive . - Somebody was in here . Where did it go ? - Where did what go ? This man had something in his hand , a piece of metal . It 's why he could be taken off life-support . A piece of metal ? I don 't know what she 's talking about . - Who else came into this room ? - Why are you questioning me ? - Did you leave the room ? - Agent Reyes . This woman came in here and this man was alive . He was more than alive . He 'd been healed , he 'd been brought back to life . - This man was murdered , but it wasn 't by us . - Agent Reyes . Who else was in here ? - You were in here . - I came in and found you . Were you alone in here ? - Was he alone in here ? - She went to get the doctors . - Search this man . - For what ? Monica ! Scully saw it . Ask Agent Scully . Agent Scully ? Where 's Scully ? Agent Scully ! I never meant for this , all that 's been lost . I never meant to put you at risk , to risk losing you too . She 's fighting for you . Monica 's out there trying to find a way . And she 's not going to let you go . Agent Scully . Agent Doggett . Oh ! - I heard someone talking . - That was me . That was me talking to you . No , it wasn 't you . They 're gonna come to you , but you can 't trust them . Do you understand that ? Scully . Oh , my God . ( phone ) Scully . Listen carefully , Agent Scully . You want to see your son ? You come alone . You follow my instructions to the letten Sorry to keep you waiting , but I had to make sure you were alone . I only wish to protect the boy from those who 'd harm him . He 's a very special boy . I came here to take him back . " Behold , a whirlwind came out of the north , and a brightness was about it . " " And out of the midst came the likeness of four living creatures . " " And they had the likeness of a man . " That 's the Bible . Did you know it ? Ephesians . The Bible , describing giants who walked the Earth . Wl ' \ 0'd believe it ? Only the faithful . And we who have seen them , these ... super-soldiers , the true sons of God . I want to see my son . You struggle to believe . It 's so incredible , but your son will lead this alien race . He was put here to lead . I 'll bring you to him , to see your son , after you do something for me . After you bring something I need . Confirmation that Mulder 's dead . You killed IVlulder . No . I believed he was dead , but now I have reason to doubt that . And if he 's alive , he 's the one thing preventing your son 's true destiny . You told me I could see my son . You lied . If you want to see the boy , you 'll bring me the head of Fox Mulder . Get ready Monica . Hold on . - His car 's wired . - Here we go . They say he 's a mile ahead , turning off the highway . What about these hills ? Are we gonna lose him in these hills ? - ( bleeping ) - Yeah . Yeah . How are we in terrain ? That transponder 'Il track him driving underwater to Brazil . Langly _ What just happened ? We 're coming to a turn . Is this it ? Uh ... Yeah . Turn . - I think they lost the signal . - They have to get it back . Piece of crap ! - Hey ! Louder , why don 't ya ? - Tell them we 're working on it . Here . You be the messenger . ( baby crying ) What is it ? What 's happening ? The baby started crying ... and it just came to life . Hey , guys . We lost him . And we just ran out of road out here . William ? William ! William ! No . Oh , my God . Dana . ( baby crying ) William ? I came to give you a ride home . They told me you were in here . Yeah . I came in here and prayed for you . Yeah , I know . This voice in my head , it was ... it was talking to me . Telling me to get up , telling me to warn Scully about this man . I mean ... was it you talking to me ? I only prayed for your life . Deputy Director ? Mr Follmer . Sir , it 's , um ... it 's about that report you have there . The investigation of Special Agent Robert Comer 's death . Yes ? As you know , AD Skinner refused to sign it , believing that Agent Comer was murdered . But you did sign it . Isn 't that right , Mr Follmer ? Finding nothing to support that allegation . That 's just it , sir . I did find something . The monitors in Agent Comer 's room , they recorded his condition , moment by moment , showing that his vital signs did improve just before his equipment was unplugged . They did , in fact , return back to normal . And you have an explanation for that , yes ? No , sir , I don 't . And you want what ? I just want to take my name off it . Maybe if you weren 't so busy back-pedalling , Mr Follmer , you might get me an explanation . Excuse me . I 'm sure you heard all of that . Congratulations . It would appear now that everything is dead but this case . I 'm sure I can take care of that , Deputy Director . Quite sure . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
