 Jeremiah ! Jeremiah ! Jeremiah ! Jeremiah ! Jeremiah ! Jeremiah ! Jeremiah ! Jeremiah ! Jeremiah ! Dad ? You 're here ? Of course I 'm here . I said I 'd only be gone an hour , remember ? Dad , it 's been 15 years . An hour , tops . Now , we gotta go . Where 's your brother ? He 's dead . No time for games , Jeremiah . We 've gotta go now . The last plane for Valhalla sector is about to leave . Now , where is your brother ? I 'm here . Here you are . He 's not my brother . Of course he is . Go ahead , Ezekiel . Tell your brother what you told me . The thunder will change you forever , but everyone you love will fall at the end of the world . Stop saying that ! You 're not my brother ! I got your letters and I read them . All of them . The thing is , and this is important , Jeremiah , so I want you to listen . I want you to listen very carefully . You 've forgotten something . Hey , are you all right , man ? Yeah . It 's just a bad dream . Well , that 's the 3rd bad dream this week , dude . Yeah , I know . Anything you want to talk about ? No . I 'll be all right . It 's cool . Then why are you sleepin on the floor ? 'Cause I 'm a creature of habit , 'cause the floor isn 't goin ' anywhere , and there 's bad shit dreams up there . Right . Dear dad , it 's been 15 years since the big death wiped out everyone over the age of innocence ... The end of your world , the beginning of mine . Ok , everybody , settle down . If you can find a chair , use it . First of all , I 'd like to thank you all for coming , especially since the recall order was given on such short notice . Erin ? Except for a few teams that didn 't make it back , this is the first time all search and recon teams have been gathered in the same place . You should take a moment before you leave , talk amongst yourselves , and exchange any information you think is appropriate . The rest of you were chosen for your skills in resource management , planning , construction , and other areas necessary to the work at hand . Today , we 're going outside in a big way . We 're gonna start rebuilding . Danbury . It 's a small town 70 Miles southeast of here . Population is about 2,000 . We 're sending out a full support crew and everything we 've got that can move , dig , or plow . That 's a lot of resources to invest in one town . And we don 't have a lot to spare . You 're right , we don 't . But for our first time outside , we have to make a big impression . Prove that we have the resources to help towns like danbury start pullin ' themselves up by their bootstraps . It 's important to start forming alliances . Why ? I mean , of all the towns out there , why danbury ? It 's an awful long supply line to maintain . There are other places closer that are just as deserving . It 's a strategic decision made by the council and Marcus . You know , Lee , my father said that , uh , all answers are replies , but not all replies are answers . I don 't think I heard an answer in there . Must be the acoustics . Look over the reports . We 'll reconvene later . That 's all . Hey , before y 'all take off , uh , I 'm looking for information on Valhalla sector . Any information pertaining to Valhalla sector should be given to Lee , Erin , or myself , for review by the council . We 'll then give it to anybody else on a need-to-know basis . Marcus . What the fuck was that all about ? You cut me off at the knees in front of everybody ? You know how important it is for me to find Valhalla sector . You know why it 's important . Maybe too important . What are you trying to say ? He 's saying you 're not a team player , that your priorities may not be in sync with everybody else . I don 't believe the man was talking to you , Lee . Oh , you really don 't want a piece of this , kurdy . It 's funny . You 're the only guy I 've ever met who can say my name like it 's a dirty word . Guys , come on . Hey , no , no , no , no . Fuck that ! Kurdy and I 've worked our asses off for this place . We 've put our lives on the line a dozen times . I ask you a couple of reasonable questions , you shut me down with this need-to-know bullshit ? You wanna leave ? There 's the door . Lee , that 's not necessary . Hey , fuck you ! Kurdy , go talk to him . Yeah , I 'll talk to him . I 'll tell him he forgot the part about " fuck you and the snake you rode in on . " All right , something 's goin ' on , man . Something they 're not tellin ' us . Yeah , you think ? Look , don 't cop an attitude with me . I 'm on your side . Don 't you forget that . No , I know it , I know it , man . It 's just ... Remember when we got here ? There were no sides . Everybody was on the same side . But now something 's up , 'cause I 'll tell you ... I talked to Marcus . Yeah , well , that 's your cross to bear . Is he always like this ? Only when he 's awake . Hey . Hey , that was for that " you think ? " You know , I don 't need anybody to apologize for me , and I know that you always take up for him ... I told him he was wrong . He was . You have done a lot for this place , and he does owe you an explanation . He wants to see both of you in the war room in 20 minutes . War room ? 20 minutes . So , what ? Am I supposed to borrow somebody 's watch or somethin ' ? You think ? Are you gonna be doing that all day now ? Oh , yeah . 'Cause you know , they only crucified Christ once . That 's ' cause he stayed put . You keep sliding ' down off the nails . Somebody got to shove your ass back up there every once in a while . Oh , you 're sick , you know that ? Oh , you think ? It 's a mistake to bring those two this close to our thoughts . I 've had my disagreements with Jeremiah and kurdy , same as you . They 're inconveniently strong-willed . I don 't like it , but I 'm willing to ride the roller coaster , because they 're good at what they do . You 've had a problem with them since day one . How come ? Just a sense I 've got . Someday down the road , remember that I was the one to tell you this first : If this place ever falls , it 'll be because of Jeremiah . Wow . That 's some view , Marcus . All the way to the Gulf of Mexico , clear on up to the early warning line in Alaska . A leftover from the nuclear age , which may not be as leftover as we thought . How so ? Every time the human race falls down , you can always rely on somebody to come along and pick up the pieces . Problem is , as we get more advanced , the pieces become bigger and more dangerous . When the Soviet union fell , they weren 't exactly diligent about picking up the pieces . Nuclear silos and bases fell into the hands of several dozen smaller countries and provinces . They couldn 't do much without the launch codes , which were held in moscow . But it made everybody nervous for ... for a long time . Thanks to our recent encounter with major quantrell ... I know who you are ! We now know that Valhalla sector is a real place ... And that it 's a military operation , and that they 're comin ' out . We 've been waiting , biding our time . Now we 're just about ready to move , and when we do , we 're gonna build a world based on power . Doesn 't like it , we 'll push ' em aside or leave ' em behind , 'cause we 've got the knowledge . We 've got the technology , we 've got the guns , and we 've got the will . We 'll bring back order and discipline . We 're gonna do it our way , because you people have had your chance . We 're talkin ' here about a government by and for the military . Martial law . And if they 've learned anything from history , their first step will be to reclaim the nuclear arsenal , make sure it 's intact and not in the wrong hands . Thunder Mountain was built to monitor our own strategic nuclear arsenal and to watch for trouble coming in from overseas . Every nuclear installation in north America is hardwired into the big board . You go into another base and so much as turn on a light bulb , it registers here that the base is active . This is what north America looked like about 6 months ago : All quiet . 3 months ago , a base on the east coast went active , right around Southern Virginia . Yeah ? Looks like the wolf is in the henhouse , all right . So , logically , they would go to the base closest to them , and that means Valhalla sector is probably somewhere in Virginia . That 'd be my guess . Now watch what happens over the next 3 months . Hot damn . They were moving pretty fast , up until about a month ago , when you ran into that group trying to take over the cranston air base . When the base was destroyed , our friends at Valhalla sector probably assumed it was wiped out by whatever nuclear assets were still present . My guess is they waited to check it out before continuing . So , now that they 're sure it wasn 't a nuclear blast , you 're afraid that they 're gonna advance again ? Now , from this layout , it looks like these guys are headed west . Right toward us . All right , so what 's this got to do with us helping ' out danbury ? They have a silo installation just outside of town . It 's the closest one to us . I want to make sure they 're on our side . We need to start making alliances with the outside that can help us oppose the forces coming out of Valhalla sector . So you 're using ' em . We 're helping them . And yeah , we 're using them . We need to make a tripwire . By making an alliance with danbury , we 'll know when the military arrives before they can get the systems working . That 'll hopefully give us 2 to 3 weeks ' warning . Warning about what ? About when they 're gonna come for us . Look , Marcus , I don 't disagree with anything that you 've said here today . I mean , after all , you 've got the big board . You can 't argue with the big board , Jeremiah . But you 're leaving something out . My dad went to Valhalla sector , and quantrell said that he may still be there . Alive . Which is why we have to be careful . We know that Valhalla sector is the enemy , and if your dad went there of his own free will , there 's a good chance that he 's the enemy , too . Well , will you look at that ? They actually got that thing workin ' . Yeah , swell . You think so ? That 's good to know , ' cause sometimes it 's hard to tell with you . You know , you got that aura of doom floating ' around you , even when things are swell . You still trippin ' over what Marcus said about your old man ? No , it doesn 't bother me . He 's full of shit , but it still doesn 't bother me . Whatever Valhalla sector 's up to , whether my dad is there alive or dead , it doesn 't change the fact that he 's decent , a good man . Oh , is that so ? Yeah , that 's so . Why ? Well , ' cause I can 't help but think back to what you said about the last time you saw your dad and your mom . We 'll be gone less than an hour . But why can 't we come ? You can 't come , son . It 's too dangerous . Half the roads are blocked . The lab 's under armed guard . Keep the lights off and the doors locked . Understand ? I love you so much . Come on , honey . We gotta go . I know . We 're gonna grab the files and get out before anyone knows we 've been there . So be ready to go the minute we pull up , all right ? Let 's go . Mommy 's got to go . Max has found an airfield just outside of town . There 's one last plane leaving for Valhalla sector , so we gotta be on it , or it 'll be too late . He said he 'd just be an hour . Yeah , and he was carrying a shotgun . So what ? I mean , there was a riot goin ' on . There were ... There were guns everywhere , man . He was carrying a shotgun , Jeremiah , and he was gonna break into his own office to steal some papers that had something to do with the big death . And then he was gonna fly to Valhalla sector from a private airfield . Now , that sound like the guy next door to you ? Look , if he was everything you said he was , what 's all that about ? Look , I don 't know . I mean , he ... he was a researcher . Maybe it had something to do with his work . Which was what ? I don 't know . He didn 't talk about it . What the hell are you gettin ' at ? I 'm just asking questions , man . And maybe some of ' em are the same questions you 've asked yourself . Maybe some of ' em are questions you need to be askin ' . Let me tell you something about questions , kurdy . They 're like paper cuts . You get one good one , that 's pretty much all you need . And we 've got teams working to bring in water through the old pipe system . Most of it 's still intact . Problem is keeping the pressure up . So we 've created a series of vertical water locks . The water goes down into the pipes and then heads out horizontally , maintaining the necessary pressure . Hmm . That 's very smart . Thanks . When can we check out the silo ? As soon as we decide it 's appropriate . I make you nervous . What ? No , I was ... It 's ok , Lee . That 's pretty much everyone 's first reaction . I don 't think Damien takes it personally anymore . Damien , how did you ... He was born seconds before his mother passed away from the big death . He came out like this . He 's always been kind of between 2 worlds , you know ? I 'm sorry . No , it 's ... it 's all right . I do see things . Just not what everybody else sees . See , Damien gets feelings off people . Sometimes he can even get a sense of what 's gonna happen . He 's really good at figuring out who we can and can 't trust , who 's hiding something . He hasn 't been wrong yet , so when the town voted to put me in charge , I wanted him right next to me . You have a shadow on your heart . Are you afraid to die ? Well , it 's , uh ... I haven 't given it much thought . Well , you should . Why 's that ? Bang . He can go to the silo . He stays . Well , here it is . Has anyone been down inside ? What , are you kidding ? Man , we don 't go near this stuff unless we have to . Yeah , man , sometimes I look at all this , and it 's like there was once giants in the world and they just disappeared , left all their toys behind . Anyone been around lately asking about these silos ? Lately ? Not that I 've heard of , and I hear pretty much everything . It 's kind of like looking down the maw of the old world , isn 't it ? Now , why 'd you want to go down there anyway ? Because hearing just about everything isn 't the same thing as hearing everything . Either way , 15 years of dust is gonna show footprints if anyone 's been down here recently . Come on . Lee , who 's that guy that you were talking to over there ? I don 't know . He asked if I had any food to spare . I said no . Why ? 'Cause I 've seen him before . Once on the road , once at thunder Mountain . He told me his name was , uh ... uh , Ezekiel . Can 't be the same guy . There 's no way I 'm lettin ' you get away from me again , asshole . You can 't keep me here . I have to go . Go where ? You 're in danger . I asked you a question . Let me go ! Ahh ! Don 't make me hurt you . It 's a little late for that . I 'm sworn to protect you . Sworn to who ? You 're gonna ruin everything . We can 't let them find you . They can 't know you 're alive . What are you talking about ? Who 's we ? Who do you ... you work for ? My father , our father . Your father . You are lying . It 's true . It 's true ? You know my dad ? Then tell me , what is his name , huh ? What 's his name ? Our father 's name is Devon . He 'll be ok . Get going . Move ! Hey ! Hey , man , where the hell you been ? I 've been lookin all over for ... You ok ? Yeah , I think so . What happened ? I got sucker punched . Oh , figures . I leave your ass alone for one second , and you gettin ' in trouble . Where 's ... where 's Marcus ? Do you know where he 's at ? Ezekiel said something about danger . Everybody 's down the street . They 're having a big thank-you party for all the help . What 's up ? I think I was right . My dad may still be alive . What ? Wha ... how 're you just goin drop a line like that on a cat a-and walk off ? Hey , hey , hold it , hey , hey ! Jeremiah , hold up . No footprints . The silo 's clean . Thank you . Thank you all for coming . You know , it won 't be a shock to say that this is an important day for all of us . It 's a new day and a fresh start , all of which is thanks to our friends from out of town . Now , before I introduce our guest of honor , I want to remind everyone that there is new corn and fresh chicken out back on the barbecue ... I 've gotta see Marcus , Lee . I don 't have time for this shit . Jeremiah , what the hell are you doing ? I was right . I think that my dad may be alive , but ... Hey , hey , this is not the time . We may be in danger . Up there . Ow ! Shit . Bang . Shit . Hang on , Marcus . You 'll be all right . I hope you had time to give it some thought . All right , put him on the couch . On the couch ! We 've got to get him back to the Mountain , Lee . He 's not going anywhere until we stop the bleeding . Prep the kit . What the fuck is that ? What 're you doing ? I know how to do this . I 've trained as a field medic . Scissors , let 's go ! Let 's go ! Doesn 't look like the bullet penetrated the lungs . Hit the rib cage and bounced . He 's probably got bone shards all over the place . Fuck , he 's bleeding like a son of a bitch . Compress , let 's go ! Come on . What do you need me to do ? Leave . Leave ? Fuck , no ! I was on my way to warn him . And if you hadn 't gotten between us , I would 've ... Yeah , well , maybe you 'd be lying on the floor now instead of him . What the fuck does that ... What are you talking about ? You were standing right next to Marcus , less than a foot apart . So what ? So how do you know the sniper was aiming at Marcus ? How do you know he wasn 't aiming at you and missed ? Lee , don 't fight . And don 't blame yourself . No reason for the both of us to carry the world upon our shoulders . Don 't try to talk , Marcus . I wasn 't trying , I was succeeding , And doing a damn fine job of it . How bad is it ? We think you 'll be ok if we can stop the bleeding . We 'll get you stabilized , then we 'll bring you back home as fast as possible . This is gonna hurt bad . I don 't think you wanna be here for this , Jeremiah . Try to find out whatever you can about who ... We gotta move . We 'll need some room . Let 's go . Give me another compress , now . Let 's go , let 's go . You ok ? I ... I don 't know . It 's too dark to tell . It 'll be light soon enough . No . No , it won 't . Hey . Hey . How 's Marcus ? Well , we won 't know for a while . You find anything ? There 's some blood over ... There 's some blood over there . Others tried to follow it , but they lost the trail . What about him ? No , nothin ' , and when I say nothin ' , man , I mean nothin ' . He had no food , no papers , just the clothes on his back . Yeah , and that gun . Yep . Guns , I hate ' em . What is it lately ? Everybody and their brother seems to have a gun . Yeah , well , lots of guns lying around after the big death , man , even more bullets . Some towns , you can 't find a can of tuna , but you can always find somebody with a bullet . Yeah , it sucks . I did find this , though . Check it out . I don 't wanna see a dead man 's ass . Jeremiah , will you look ? I knew you were weird . I knew you were . Look . It 's ok . This is , uh , this is official business . We 're professionals . Underwear . When was the last time you saw clean underwear ? Hell , when was the last time you saw underwear ? Now , people with electricity or copters or guns , that 's trouble enough . But you show me one group of people in all of this who have the free time and the resources to produce fresh , clean , new underwear , that 's somethin to worry about . You can put him down now . Phew . Glad to see your respect for the dead is still intact . I say we bury him in bunny ears . Make it easier to find him in hell , so we can kick his ass clear across the afterlife . Come on , man . I wanna take a shot at this blood trail . Pink bunny ears , with bells on them . I thought you were here to make sure I didn 't get hurt . I am , but ... I am . Sometimes I 'm not myself . When that happens I don 't know who I am , but I know you wouldn 't like him . I grew up hearing about you . I know all about you . How you chipped your tooth when you were 3 . How you fell off a pony at your 5th birthday party and then you kicked a clown in the shin 'cause he laughed at you . He said ... He said you were always a serious child . As soon as I was ready , he sent me out to look for you , make sure you were still alive . Oh , I looked for so long , Jeremiah . But I found you , and our father was the happiest I 've ever seen him . How can he be our father ? I 've never seen you before this year . He took me in . He raised me as his own . After my father , he just ... We all lost family . No , you don 't understand . My father killed the world . Everybody ... Everybody who died , it was his fault . But our father , he tried to save the world . He 's still trying , but there 's so many of the others , and that 's why they can 't know . They 'll use you against him . What about my mother ? Dead . I never had a chance to know her . I 'm sorry . They 're coming . You 've got to go now , while you still can . They can 't see you . They can 't catch you . They can 't know you 're alive . If they do ... What ? It all falls apart . Our father loves you . He loves you and he misses you , but do not come looking for him . Do not approach Valhalla sector . Ever . Goodbye . No . Ezekiel ! Ezekiel ! Ezekiel ! Damn it . Oh , Ezekiel . Hey . Heard you were up , wanted to see me . How you feelin ' ? Like I got shot in the chest by a high-powered rifle . Oh , yeah , yeah , I know that . I get that once in a while . Leaves you with that not-so-fresh feeling . When you gettin ' out of here ? Tomorrow . Next week . We 're still negotiating . He wants to go back to danbury . We still haven 't gotten any reliable reports since the incident . I want to find out what 's going on . Kurdy and I could go . No . I need to see firsthand , talk to Samuel and Damien . I don 't want them thinking that this has scared us off . We need to present ourselves as a power , remember ? What kind of power are we if we go running away every time somebody shoots at us ? I 'll make you a deal . 2 more days , then you can go . Fair ? Good . Now , I know you two wanna talk privately , so I 'll go in the hall like I have something to do and pretend that I 'm not interested . Later . Hmm , so , why do we want to talk privately ? Lee filled me in on what happened after I passed out . You think this Ezekiel is from Valhalla sector ? Yeah . Yes , I do . He just shows up all the time in the wrong places , knows too much about this place and me . Which doesn 't mean that whoever shot me is from there or that they 've been able to exert any influence in the area around danbury . But it is troubling , which is why I want to get back there as soon as possible . Well , when you 're up to it , kurdy and I will take you . You can ride shotgun . Thanks . Look , Jeremiah , I know we haven 't always seen eye to eye . I don 't think we 're supposed to . Nonetheless , I think this Ezekiel was right about you and Valhalla sector . Marcus . Just ... Hear me out . There 's an old saying that after a certain point , we start seeking our own death in the way we lead our lives . In the old world , people drove too fast or drank too much , smoked too much . Now maybe we learn too much for our own good . Either way , we become the architects of our own annihilation . Valhalla sector is dangerous for all of us , but especially for you . I can 't shake the feeling that if you go there , if you actually find it , you 'll never come back . I 'm not gonna stop . I know , and I 'm not asking you to . I 'm just saying keep a low profile for a while . Let us gather information and pass it on to you . If you want to steal the dragon 's gold , let somebody else distract him for a few minutes , ok ? I 'll think about it . In the meantime , we have something else to worry about . Like what ? That guy that took a shot at you . Now , whoever he was , whoever sent him , they had prior knowledge that we were gonna be there . His stuff was set up in advance . He 's a pro . Whether he was from Valhalla sector or not , whoever sent him in there knew that we were gonna be there . They had enough knowledge to plan this thing and come damn close to pulling it off . I know , and there 's something else . There are 3 silo installations between danbury and the last one we saw go on-line . All this time , they 've been going step by step . They wouldn 't jump ahead like that unless ... They knew that we were there . If they knew that we were going in ... We got a leak . We have to get back there . Right . How come the streetlights are off ? Something 's not right . Let 's check it out . Hi . Yeah ? I 'd like to talk to you for a minute , if that 's ok . Yeah , just for a minute , all right ? That 's all I can spare . Thanks . I just wanted to let you know that our people will be coming back now that things have calmed down . Keep the work going . Marcus ... I ... I noticed that the water had run dry again , but we can fix that ... We don 't want your help , ok ? Look , we ... we 've talked about it , and we just don 't think we need it , that 's all . Now I 've taken your equipment and stuff and we 've put it at the edge of town . We 're not gonna keep it . That 's not our way . Why the brush-off ? I thought we were doin pretty well for you guys . Look , I ... I don 't want to discuss it , all right ? We 've made our decision , and that 's the end of it . I 'm sorry . If you 're sure . Yeah , I 'm sure . Samuel , where 's Damien ? You know what , Marcus ? I think you should leave , right now . So now what do we do ? Nothing we can do . It 's their town . We can 't force our way in . We 'll send some others around later , to pick up the equipment . I 'm sorry things didn 't work out the way you planned , Marcus . No , they did . We set this up as a tripwire to find out when the other side was getting close . We got what we came to get . We know what we need to know . They 're movin ' in . They may not be here in force yet , but they 're comin ' . Come on , let 's get out of here . Unit 4 . Yes , sir . They 're headin ' out . Why bother ? You know he 's not in heaven . He 's in the other place , but not for long . Our father 's coming . He 's coming fast , so fast , right behind you . Told you .
