 Marcus , it 's not like we 're ... we 're complaining . 'Cause we would never do that , Marcus . No , we wouldn 't , because we love what we do . Being out 16 days in a row , in the rain and the snow and the mud . We live for that stuff . Makes my nipples hard just thinking about it . Thanks for the image . The thing is , though , when we 're out on the road , we work alone . I mean , kurdy and I , we got a great shorthand . I give him a look , he knows what I 'm thinking . I give Jeremiah a look , he knows what I 'm thinking . See that ? Now , you send us out there with another team , it 's going to ruin all that . I-I-it would be wrong . You 're right . It would be a terrible burden . It would . But I think they can handle it . You know , I had him , until you made that nipple comment . Hey , don 't blame me for your charisma malfunction . Jeremiah , kurdy , this is Anna and her sister , Maxine . When we first started sending out recon teams a year or so after the big death , these two were one of the first teams out the door . Well , I 'm honored . You should be . There are a number of groups outside that have worked their way up from the big death far enough for it to be worthwhile contacting them . Now that we 're taking a more active role in the outside world , it 's become even more important to start forming alliances . I 'm playing with the idea of putting together a formal meeting for as many of these groups as we can get on-board . One group in particular we 've been trying for years to bring into the fold , and we 've done everything we can to get inside . Moved into the area , established some lower-level contacts , but ... can 't get past the gatekeepers to the guy in charge . Well , you might want to think about just jumping the gate and walking up and telling them who you are . If Anna and Max reveal who they are and these guys turn us down , we won 't have anyone left on the inside to keep an eye on them , let us know what side they 're on . It would take months to get somebody else on the inside . And the way things are going , we don 't have that kind of time . That 's where you two come in ... Or leave , as the case may be . What 're we supposed to do ? Contact whoever 's in charge of this group , assuming that they don 't kill you . Invite them to join us . Tell them that if they 're willing to keep us posted as to what 's going on in their area , and appoint someone to liaison with us , then we 'll help them out with whatever resources we have that they need . Uh , Marcus ... Have a nice trip . I know you guys will get along just great . Marcus ... How 'd you learn to drive ? I 'm limited by my equipment . Yeah , I 've heard that before . All right , so these guys we 're looking for , what are they , like a smaller version of thunder Mountain , or what ? Yes and no . They spend a lot of time gathering information and resources , but they don 't seem to hang on to much of it . Mainly , they act as a conduit for other , smaller groups in different towns , creating supply lines for all kinds of stuff . Like what ? Books , tools , hardware . We 'd get a list of the things they wanted , leave the stuff at various drop points . Once we were gone , they 'd go in and pick it up in exchange for food and other supplies . All we know about the guy Steve . Supposedly , only the inner circle 's ever seen him . They keep him well protected . There 's a whole layer of cell groups between the outside world and the inner circle . What happens to anybody who tries to slip inside ? They get killed . It 's just , you know , the way they are . Try not to take it personal . Nice . So how long have you usually got to wait after you make one of these drops before someone comes to pick it up ? Don 't know . Any time we tried to stay and wait , nobody showed . Maybe you didn 't wait long enough . And maybe they 're watching . And if they 've got eyes on us right now , you 'll have a long , cold night ahead of you . Then maybe you two should stay and keep us warm . Why ? You 've got each other . Besides , we hear you like to work alone . Course , too much working alone , you 'll go blind . Since you 're both on lookout tonight , uh , you may want to wait until you get back to the Mountain . You think Marcus told ' em ? Yeah . The man hates us . Yeah . Dear dad , it 's been 15 years since the big death wiped out everyone over the age of innocence ... The end of your world , the beginning of mine . I always thought the one was cool where they had the gold robot . I-I-it was gold-plated , and it had a little one behind him that was round , on wheels . Yeah , and they had those big-ass sword things . Yeah . What was that called ? Oh , shit , I don 't know . Who remembers titles ? I just remember I was a kid when I saw it . My dad had it on d.V.D. Oh , d.V.D. Oh , but did you ever see those mad Max movies ? No , I never saw ... You saw that ? No , no . But I saw a whole lot of those other end-of-the-world movies . They never quite got it right . There was always one thing that was missing . Like what ? Us . Man , we could 've told them a thing or two about the apocalypse . What could we have told them ? Like it 's overrated . That 's for sure . Future ain 't what it used to be . Hey . Kurdy , come on . This is heavy , man . What ? Shit . All right , look , we 're just looking for the guy in charge . We 're friends . Yeah ? Yeah . Too bad . All my friends are dead . Why don 't you step down before you join ' em ? We gotta do something with them . Well , we don 't kill ' em . Not yet , at least . Those are the rules . Not until we find out who they are and what they want . Michelle ? Michelle , is that you ? Is it ? Why is it every time I see you , I end up getting knocked on my ass ? You want to tell me ? Jeremiah , what the hell are you doing here ? Looking for you . You 're so full of shit . Well , assuming I 'm in the right place , I am looking for the guy in charge around here . His name 's supposed to be Steve something-or-other . You know him ? Maybe . What 's your business with him ? That 's between us and him . Oh . Look , Michelle , it 's important . I gotta talk to this guy . I gotta see him face to face . I don 't know . He 's a busy guy . He doesn 't like visitors . Isn 't there anything I can do ? No , I think you 've done enough . Hmm . Unless , of course , you want to untie these . What do you think , boys ? You think the boss 'll be pissed off if we untie them ? I think he 'd be pissed . Hmm . Sorry . Nothing I can do . Hey , why don 't we separate these two ? All right ? Just to be safe . No , no , don 't . Listen , guys , you don 't have to do that , all right ? Just take me to him . I 'll say what I gotta say , and then we 'll go , ok ? Hey , don 't put the blindfold back on . I 'll see what I can do . Just ... You suck . Jeremiah , what the hell ... what the hell are you doing here ? Jeremiah , is that you ? Hi , mom . I 'm going to get you . Don 't tickle me . Where 's Michael ? He 's outside . Keep an eye on him , Jeremiah . He 's the only brother you 've got . I love you , Jeremiah . I love you , too , mom . Good night , Jeremiah . Good night , Michael . Ah ! Jesus Christ ! What the fuck did you do that for ? Stay right there . Look , I didn 't know anybody was here , all right ? I-I 'm not gonna hurt you . Fuck , I 'll just ... I 'll go . You swear a lot . Yeah , every time somebody hits me in the fucking head with shit . Why are you crying ? I 'm not crying . It 's raining outside , in case you hadn 't noticed . Where are you from ? You ask an awful lot of questions . Yeah , ' cause I 'm the one holding the knife , and I want to hear you talk . Put the knife down . Maybe I 'll talk . You talk , and I 'll put the knife down . What 's your name ? Jeremiah . Cool . Are you a prophet , too ? No , I 'm just wet . This isn 't much of a conversation , Jeremiah . I think you 're out of practice . If you 're hungry , I got some food . Maybe you 'll feel like talking once you 've had something to eat . Ok , I 'm going to get this straight . Now , first you whack me in the head with this thing , and then you threaten me with a knife , now you want to share your food with me ? Yeah . You been on the road a long time ? Ever since the big death . You have any brothers or sisters ? I had one of each , a younger sister and an older brother . I remember my mom would always tell me not to use someone else 's toothbrush . Now if I find one , I use it . I don 't care where it 's been or who used it last . Don 't you find the same thing ? You ever not talk ? Well , yeah , when someone else is doing the talking , but the way you 're going , someone 's got to pick up the slack . Sometimes I don 't ... I don 't see people for days , so I don 't ... I don 't talk to anybody . Wow , that must be hard for you . Sometimes . Sometimes I don 't think I have anything to say that anybody else would want to hear . Jeremiah , are you asleep ? I don 't sleep too good , you know ? Yeah , I know . I have them , too . The big death took away my mother , my stepfather , and my older brother . I loved my older brother , Jeremiah . I loved him so much . After they were gone , it was just my little sister and me . We were so scared , but we were gonna make it . And we did , you know , for about 6 months , and then ... She just gave up . She stopped eating , and she just cried . God , she cried all the time . I think she cried herself to death . I had a little brother , and he 's dead because I turned my back on him . I promised my dad I 'd take care of him . I let him down . I don 't know how I could ever tell him . Not that I 'll ever have the chance . Hey , I was thinking about what you said about your father , and I think I have a solution . What ? All the things you never got a chance to tell him ... Here . Write him a letter . What 's the point ? He 's never gonna read it . Just try it , all right ? For me . Tell him how you feel , why you feel ... See , my brother had me write a letter like this to my dad . During the big ? Mmm-mmm . Bad things happened to people even before the big death . The big death just gave everybody something in common , so that 's why I get it . Don 't worry , I won 't read it . It 's ok . You can if you want . Hey , w ... Wha ... hey ... Now it 's delivered . Now you know if you can 't talk to me or anyone else , you 've got him . Michelle ! Hey ! You 've packed ? You 're leaving . Yeah . I have to . Why ? Because we both have things to do . We didn 't survive the big death just to die without hope , without doing something to help change the world . I know as long as I stay here with you , I can forget that world out there . Thanks . Goodbye , Jeremiah . Stay as long as you need , but remember , you have things to do , too . I hope you find your answers . In the meantime , keep writing your dad . Hey , wake up , wake up . Hey , wake up , wake up . Wake up , mister . Time to go . It 's time . Time for what ? That 's up to the boss . Here , I brought you some soup . Look , uh , I know how all this looks . I 'm just the guy in the trenches , man . I gotta do what I 'm told , or I get it worse than you . I got nothing against you or your buddy . It 's just , uh , it 's the way things are , you know ? Yeah , well , thanks . What 's your name again ? Doug . Thanks , Doug . It 's ok . We gotta go now . Oh , man , I hate to eat and run . And we have to be careful all the time , 'cause people can 't always be trusted . You sound pretty clear-headed for a little kid . My mom wants me to grow up to be responsible . Where are your parents ? My mom lives here with me . What about your dad ? Never seen him . Jeremiah ? Kurdy ? Yeah . You all right , man ? Yeah , man , I 'm all right . You have any idea where we 're at ? Man , I haven 't the slightest , but from what I just heard , it sounds like we 're about to meet the big man himself . Oh , great . Ooh , ooh , fuck , it 's bright . Hey , hydro . You got electricity . I think you 'll find we have quite a lot of things . Ok . So how long we gotta wait ? You don 't . What do you mean ? You said you wanted to meet Steve . Yeah . You 're talking to him . You 're Steve ? When it 's in my best interests to be Steve , yeah . Well , why all the pretense ? You know , why use a guy 's name ? I may not like the way the world is , but that doesn 't mean I can play by different rules . The idea of a big , scary , charismatic leader named Steve is far more acceptable to our friends and foes out there than " Michelle " would be . Yeah , big , scary , but , come on , " Steve " ? Steve was my older brother . You got something to say about it ? It 's a good name , Steve . Having " Steve " allows me to go out into the field without putting myself at risk . Everybody goes after the guy in charge , but nobody goes after the spear carriers , right ? Exactly . Something about having the top dog in the room kills everyone 's spontaneity . Our success and our failure relies on people feeling secure about letting us know what their gripes and fears are . Well , aside from these guys , how many people know you and Steve are the same person ? Just the inner core , my people here in the compound , and you two . So why don 't you start by giving us the message you came here to give Steve ? Kurdy and I represent a group of people at a place called thunder Mountain . Marcus sent you . You know Marcus , too ? Well , we 're not out here collecting trading cards . We 're gathering information . He 's been up there , what , 15 years now ? Hiding out when everyone else is doing the heavy lifting . You know where I 've been ? Out here , working , doing what it takes to make a new and better world . That may be true , but it doesn 't change the fact that we came here to help . We came to offer our services and to work together . Now , if you don 't want to be down , that 's fine . That 's your call . But don 't act like tying us up and fucking with our heads is any better than the world you stand there complaining about . Untie ' em . Not that I care what you think of my little organization here , but in the interests of accuracy , why don 't I show you what we 're up to ? Thunder Mountain is about rebuilding things , acquiring stuff . It 's about whoever gets the most toys wins , only on a huge scale . Yeah , well , I see a lot of stuff here , too . Mmm-hmm . It comes in , and it goes right back out again . In exchange for food , hardware , and other supplies , we provide information and resources to places that are trying to pull themselves back up . A lot of towns have the will , but they don 't have the knowledge , the information they need to put it all back together . Hell , just knowing how to fix the plumbing is a damn miracle to some of those people out there . This group is responsible for copying blueprints and manuals and getting them out to the various towns . Once they 've got the first few steps down , we show them how to make hand generators , so that we can operate the old radios . This way , we can create a communications system between them and us . We 've got cells everywhere . Some of them are farmers supplying chicken , corn , cattle , horses for transport . Others concentrate on alternative power sources : Windmill , solar technologies . We focus on manuals and copying , maintenance of what we have . And , when needed , we use the old rail lines with horses and wagons . Explains the handcart . Yeah . So sorry about the way we reeled you in . When Max and Anna brought two new guys to our party , we thought that we should find out who you were and what you wanted . So you ambushed us ? Uh-huh . Uh , can you guys excuse us for a minute ? Thanks . I 'll be back . That farmhouse where we met , you ever get back there ? Not so much anymore . When I started all this , I made it my first safe house and storage depot . I was out there negotiating for Steve , talking for Steve , and I needed a safe place to be . It had some good memories . Yeah . Yes , it did . Are you still writing those letters ? Every day . Mom ? I just wanted to hug you goodnight , ok ? Mmm , sweetie , you can hug me any time you like . He 's your ... your son ? I mean , you 're his mother ? Mmm-hmm . Gabe , I 'd like you to meet Jeremiah . Hi . Hi , Gabe . It 's , uh , it 's a nice name . I gave birth to him in the gift shop of a museum . First time I saw him , he looked like one of those angels on the postcards . That 's why I named him " Gabriel . " How old are you , Gabe ? Almost 5 . Almost 5 . Gabe , why don 't you go and tuck yourself in , all right ? And I 'll be there in a second . Ok . Ok . It was about 5 years ago that we met . Uh-huh . I met a lot of guys around that time . Michelle ... Listen , from the first instant I knew that I was pregnant with Gabe , I recognized that he was my responsibility alone . If ... Jeremiah , you 've been on the road . You know what it 's like . You hook up with someone for a few hours , a few days , and then that 's it . The nuclear family doesn 't live here anymore . Now , if you 're asking whether or not he 's your son , I could probably sit down and do the math , but you know what ? I never did . Why should I make my son long for a father he 'd never know ? This is pretty cool stuff , man . There 's a whole lot more we could be doing to help people if we had the resources , if they weren 't being wasted . Wasted ? How ? I mean , thunder Mountain already has most of this technology , and we 're stuck here reinventing the wheel , literally . Well , sometimes you gotta do what you can with what you got . Maybe . And maybe we 're not making the best of what comes in . Not everybody here thinks thunder Mountain is the enemy . Way I see it , what we 've been doing , what you 've been doing , we have a lot we can offer each other . We should be working together , not fighting each other . I 'm just wondering ... I 'm wondering if there 's some way we can make that happen . And you 're thinking about making that happen without Michelle ? She 's the one setting up the walls between us . We would have tried to contact you earlier , but we have not had the chance until now . I don 't think Jeremiah 's going to be inclined to go along with that . I don 't know exactly what went down between those two , but it was pretty important to him . I understand that . But I also wonder how he 'd feel if he knew the truth . I don 't want to diminish what Michelle 's done here , but let 's not ignore the warts either , right ? Fact is , St. Michelle 's dirty . She may be talking big about wanting to spread the wealth and everything , but she 's skimming off the top and making a nice little stockpile of goodies for herself . Hey . Hey . How 'd it go ? I don 't know , man . Between this Steve business , and ... I-I 'm still working it out . What ? Tell you one thing , this woman is full of surprises . Maybe more than you know , Jeremiah . What do you mean ? Look , man , there 's just a real good chance that this whole thing could be a scam for her benefit . I ... I just don 't buy it , man . Jeremiah ! Sh-she wouldn 't do it , kurdy . You don 't know her like I do . That was a long time ago , all right ? People change . Not that much . Not in 5 years , they don 't . Look , I 'm not the one making the accusation . It 's Doug . And I 'd say at this point in her life , he knows her a hell of a lot better than you do . No , it 's not possible , man . Look ... look at what she 's done here . You know ? I mean , look at all this stuff . Look at what she has going on . Having all this going on , looking at it every day , the idea of just skimming a little off the top could be tempting for anybody . Not her . What if I said there 's proof ? Look , Doug says they keep records of all the materials they get via these drop-off points . They know what to expect , and they know what 's supposed to arrive . The whole setup is to keep these couriers honest , but , apparently , your girl Michelle , she 's been dipping out on her own time . Sometimes 2 , 3 times a week . And whatever it is she picks up does not make it on the inventory , on anybody 's inventory . Look , you know what ? Maybe it 's nothing . All we have to do is follow her . I don 't know . Look , we came here to do a job , all right ? Let 's keep that in mind . Now , if Doug is right , we stop the skimming . Thunder Mountain gets somebody in here who wants to work with them , everybody wins . Yeah , except Michelle . What about her ? We 'll cross that bridge when we get to it . What the hell are you two doing here , huh ? What 's in the bag ? Is that all you 're good for , sneaking up on people ? Hey , I 'm not the one talking out of both sides of my mouth . What ? So you want to tell us what you 're doing sneaking out in the middle of the night to pick up deliveries ? Are you accusing me of something ? Is there something to accuse you of ? You know , I should 've known that you guys would come here and try and find some way to bring us down . Fuck you . Oh , cut the shit . What 's in the bag ? What are you skimming , Michelle ? Who told you that ? It doesn 't matter . You sanctimonious piece of shit . You dare stand there and act as though you 're the one who 's been betrayed . Fuck you . All right , you want to see what I 've been skimming ? Do you know how much value art has these days , Jeremiah , huh ? Do you ? Zero . Zero , all right ? No one gives a shit , nobody but me . Hey , take a look . It 's my own personal museum . Ok , I have to ask . Why ? Art only has value in a society that has the free time and the expendable money to appreciate it . Out there , you 've got guys who 'd burn a painting to keep warm . They want what they can use , what they can eat . Whatever 's left , they torch . Do you know how many museums I 've seen burned to the ground , paintings scattered , sculptures destroyed ? I know . I 've seen it . I created a whole organization that 's tried to serve as a bridge between the old world and this one , but as happy as I am with how that 's turned out , it 's still about living day to day . I want more than that . I wanted to create some sort of beauty in the world , because , all right , it may not be worth anything to anybody right now , but it is our history , in inks and oils and in stone . When I gave birth to Gabe in that museum , surrounded by all that beauty , I knew that someday he 'd want to look back on who we are in the faces of who we were . That 's funny . What ? That you 'd want him to see who he was in the faces of strangers he never met , instead of the face of someone like ... His father . Look at that . Dogs playing poker . The difference is a painting on a wall never leaves . What I don 't get is why you have to keep it all such a secret . Because people would ask why we 're trading good food and good resources for a piece of canvas with spilt ink on it . It 's about being practical . Art is many things , but practical isn 't one of them . Well , it looks to me like you 're running out of room . I know . You know , I was thinking , maybe you could stay here , help out , work with us . There 's no end to what you and I could do together . It 's like you said a long time ago , I got other things to do . But I 'll make you a counter-proposal . Maybe we can help you . How ? Well , I know that you think Marcus is all about acquiring things , but you 're wrong . He gives a lot of that stuff away , but you 're also right . He has scavenger teams out looking for anything useful that they can bring in . So ? So , thunder Mountain 's a big place . We could store this stuff for you . Maybe even look in places that you haven 't been yet . We can organize this stuff . You won 't have to do it secretly . In exchange for what ? We want you to share your resources and your information with us . We want you to give us updates on what you find out there , and ... There 's more ? You may not think so , but Marcus is coming out of thunder Mountain in a big way . He 's thinking about putting together a big meeting of people like yourselves to start getting things organized on a much bigger level . Now , if you were to be a part of that , I 'm sure Marcus would be quite appreciative . So would I. Fine . Fine . Fine . But first , there 's another piece of business that needs attending to . Guys , when you get a second , I 'd like to talk to you about some changes we 're going to be making . Funny you should put it that way , Doug . I had almost the exact same thought in mind . I know what you tried to pull . You 've wanted to set yourself up here for quite some time . These two show up , and suddenly you found a way to push me aside . You lied to me . Like hell I did . I know what you 're trying to do , Michelle , and you can call it whatever you like . I call it a waste of time and resources . For every bag of crap you bring up to that place of yours , we lose a bag of stuff we need . You 're losing focus here on what 's important and what isn 't . And who gets to decide what 's important here , Doug ? You ? Everything that I brought in was on a separate order . It was never on the inventory . Now , after what these guys told me , I went and I checked out the roster , and you 're right . Stuff is missing , but I never took it . You did . So what 'd you figure ? You pin the blame for the missing inventory on Michelle , get her out of the way , set yourself up here ? It 's not bad . Stupid , but not bad . Now , just a second . Now , I 've told everybody what you 've tried to pull , and no one 's ever gonna listen to anything you have to say . But if you try to undermine anything that I 've created here , you 're a dead man . You need to follow the southwest spur until you get to Colorado Springs . We 'll send a truck . We 'll meet you there , pick up the stuff , take it the rest of the way to the Mountain . Got it . God , it 's like letting go of your children . You 'll take good care of it . Yes , I will . It 'll be in a climate-controlled room . You can come see it whenever you like . I 'll give you a tour , maybe . Oh , hey , uh , let me help you with that . Hey . Throw me that ball . Yeah ? Yeah . You 're a natural . I 'm not too good at catching yet . That 's ok . You 've got a lot of time to practice . So , Gabe , let me ask you , your mom , does she , uh , talk about your dad much ? Not really . Not really . She says I 'm better off that way . We should probably get going . You gonna visit my mom again ? Maybe . You take care of yourself . You , too . Jeremiah ? It was really good seeing you again . I don 't know , maybe next time we can sit and talk for a while . It was always really good to hear you talk . Yeah , we 'll do that . Kurdy ? You ever been going down a road and take a left turn instead of a right , only when you go back , the road isn 't there anymore ? Every day , my man . Every day .
