 pret ? en garde . always . good thrust . so i 'm told . watch your supination . i 'd rather be watching yours . prise de fer , passe and riposte . god , i love it when you talk dirty . touche. right through the heart . you have no idea . what 'd you say ? nothing . had enough ? i 'm done . stick a fork in me . you know , on 2nd thought , you might take that literally . you 're improving . you just need to work on your balestra and your coule ' . you know , you 've got to admit , you 're just making this shit up , right ? my father taught us how to fence . he wanted to make sure his girls could defend themselves . oh , you got a sister ? i didn 't know that . is she older , younger ? younger . oh . where does she live ? right on the edge . edge of what ? catastrophe , disaster , self-destruction ... lauren and i , we 're like polar opposites . she 's always been pretty wild . the only time i ever hear from her is when she 's in trouble . something tells me you just heard from her . we have this system for communicating . she leaves word with a ... a bar owner about 70 miles south . anyone from the mountain going that way , i ask them to check in for messages . day before yesterday ... you got a message . mmm-hmm . first time in i don 't know how long . she sounded pretty desperate . so are you gonna help her out ? what am i gonna do ? she 's got nobody else . you think i 'm too soft . it 's ok. i like soft . am i crazy , or have you wanted to do that as long as i have ? you 're crazy . touche . dear dad , it 's been 15 years since the big death wiped out everyone over the age of innocence ... the end of your world , the beginning of mine . you 're both aware that our outreach program has gone into overdrive . i 'll say . thunder mountain 's , like , having a grand opening sale . in recent days , we 've made contact with at least 20 groups that we believe offer potentially important alliances for our future endeavors . and i can assume those endeavors would not be shared with us today ? need to know . yeah , why would the guys who put their lives on the line for this place all the time need to know ? the day is coming soon , jeremiah . the day is coming soon . isn 't that what those crazy guys on the street corner used to say ? and they were right . mmm . we want you to make contact with a group called shadow of the crescent . have you heard of them ? no , i haven 't . i have . what do you know about them ? only that they preach separation of the races . oh , man , if it 's another one of these white power groups ... no , actually , it 's black power . that 's right. it 's , uh , kind of a throwback to the african-american activists that proliferated in the decades before the death . and you want us to make an alliance with these guys ? why ? you have a problem with that ? no , it 's not my problem that 's the issue here . jeremiah 's right . from what i know about these brothers , they would be instantly suspicious . we never said it was going to be easy . no offense , but they might be more open to an approach if i go in alone . you sure about that ? yeah . you ok with that ? yeah , as long as you keep a low profile , and don 't take any unnecessary risks . well , damn. those are my favorite kind . hey. you wanted to see me ? yeah , marcus told me about this mission you 're going on . yeah ? i want to go with you . oh , no , elizabeth , i don 't think that 's a good idea . why not ? well , we have to take a.t.v.s , man . and the roads are too narrow for anything else , and i really don 't think you 'd want to ... i 've rebuilt engines on a.t.v.s. oh . well , it might be dangerous . all the more reason to have some backup . look , elizabeth , it 's not that i don 't appreciate the offer ... but you don 't think i can handle it ? look , if anything happened to you , i don 't know what i would do . i 'll watch your behind , you watch mine . ok , but i got the better end of the deal . jeremiah ? hey , um , about last night , let 's just chalk that up to a crazy impulse . and i probably overreacted . listen , um , i wanted to ask you a favor . it 's about my sister . the situation she 's in , it 's not something i feel comfortable handling alone . sure. whatever i ... i can do , i 'd be happy to . thanks for understanding . you ... you , too . lauren 's got a history of bad choices and high-risk behavior . you mean drugs ? when she can get them . but it 's men that are usually her undoing . she 's hooked up with this new romeo , and from what i can make out from her message , he 's been seriously abusive . first , i want to make sure we can get my little sister as far away from him as possible , and then she 's gonna hear some things she 's not gonna want to hear . how much younger than you did you say she was ? i didn 't . but it 's about 10 minutes . wow. you 're twins ? identical . hey . i , uh , brought some dried apricots for dessert . want some ? sure . you are so delicate . what ? the way you eat , the way you move , those little glass animals you collect , everything about you . not as fragile as you think . well , i didn 't mean it in a bad way . you know a lot more about where i came from than i do about your story . not much to tell . middle-class neighborhood in los angeles , an only child . i guess you could say i was a daddy 's girl . there 's nothing my father wouldn 't have done for me , except survive , i guess . and after they were gone ? cried myself to sleep every night for the longest time , and then one night , i just stopped crying . i 'm a lot tougher than you know . i can see that . anyway , we 've got a long day ahead of us tomorrow . better get some sleep . you know , we , uh , might be a lot warmer if we shared the same sleeping bag . kurdy , you know i care about you ... no , really . i just want to keep you warm . that 's sweet . thank you . good night , kurdy . i really appreciate your help on this , jeremiah . oh ... i 'm just having trouble picturing another one of you . i haven 't spent much time with lauren , really , not since we were teenagers . yeah ? your choice or hers ? mmm , i 'd say it was mutual . she did something once when we were 16 that i haven 't been able to forgive her for . let me guess . you were both in love with the same guy . no . it ... it may seem petty , but there was something our mother left us both before the virus claimed her . it was her collection of antique jewelry . your sister took it . not just took it. she bartered it away almost immediately . i 'm pretty sure it was for drugs . she didn 't even have the decency to offer up an explanation . i can see why that would get to you . it 's not even that they were all that valuable , either , especially after the death . it 's just ... it was all you had left ... of your mother . exactly . as far as i was concerned , she had no right to trade away her own part , much less mine . you 've got to figure , it must have been pretty hard , surviving by herself , a girl . you of all people should know how hard that would be . i don 't know what it is , jeremiah . maybe it 's the fact that seeing lauren is so much like looking in a mirror , but every time she trips , i get bruised . you 're lucky . you still have a sibling . nothing i wouldn 't give to have my little brother back , just roll around in the dirt one more time . shadow of the crescent . these guys have got about 100 acres right at the edge of those woods . picked a pretty remote spot , didn 't they ? i think that 's the point , to separate themselves , to be as self-sufficient as possible . from what i hear , man , they 've created their own world out here , kind of like thunder mountain , but only aboveground . hold it right there . whoa. take it easy , fellows . we 're friends . you 're trespassing . well , we heard the s.o.c. was around these parts . nobody gets in without an invitation . so how about inviting us ? consider yourself invited . erin ! oh , my god , it 's so good to see you ! same here . wow . you didn 't say you were gonna bring anyone . lauren , this is my friend , jeremiah . jeremiah , lauren . hi , hi . huh . i 'll say this , sis , you always did have good taste in men . it 's not like that. jeremiah and i just work together . whatever floats your boat . come on. there 's so much i want to catch you up on . what in the hell is this place ? used to be a shopping mall , before the big . now , it 's part marketplace , part hostel . huh. yeah , well , i get the " hostile " part . what the fuck is he looking at ? oh , don 't mind him . remember those ads , when we were kids , with the frying pan ? " this is your brain on drugs . " his has been sauteing for about 15 years . can i buy you some home brew ? no , thanks . sure . 2 beers. put ' em on my tab . i don 't mean to be rude , lauren , but your message sounded pretty urgent . yeah , well ... something about havin ' a gun shoved in your mouth will do that to you . who is this guy ? calls himself geronimo , but i 've got a shorter name for him . and you split from him , right ? took off in the middle of the night . what are the odds he 'll try to come find you ? i made sure i covered my tracks . well , i 'm not taking any chances . finish your beers . what 's your hurry , erin ? what 's the hurry ? if you know this place well enough to run a tab at the bar , then my guess , so does this loser you shacked up with . we can 't leave till tomorrow morning . what happens then ? i got a girlfriend meeting me . i told her you 'd give us both a lift to boulder . she knows someone with a farm at the foot of the flat hills . he 'll never find me there . i don 't like it . first , you ask me to help you get away from this guy , and then you spring this friend on me . can you just trust me on this ? i mean , for goddamn once , can you just trust me ? unlike you , i have this problem , i learn from my mistakes . man , i knew this was a bad idea . tell you what , your friend shows up in the morning , and then we 're out of here , all right ? that 's it . unless , of course , you mind traveling with 3 women . i think i can handle it . no doubt . i am called kwame . and you ? i am kurdy , and this is elizabeth . those are your slave names . well , they happen to be the only names we have . what 's the nature of your business here ? we come in peace . we 'll be the judge of that . we represent an organization that 's trying to build a broad coalition . what organization ? i 'm not at liberty to give you the name just yet , but let me say , it represents the best hope any of us have . man , we 're talkin a whole new way . that presumes we 're unhappy with the ways we 've got . no , not at all . i mean , from what i hear , you got a lot of good things going on here . i mean , this could be heaven on earth . it 's just that you 're doing it alone . by choice . forgive me , kwame , but we don 't owe these two any explanations . they 've broken our rules , and there have to be consequences . pardon the vigilance of brother raheem . he 's very protective of our life here . for good reason . we let down our guard , we could wind up on the scrap heap , like so many others of our race . if i may ask , this organization whose name you 're unwilling to disclose to us , who comprises it ? all peoples , black , white , yellow , red ... that is what you 're asking , isn 't it ? you want to know if we stand together ? you don 't even see the irony , do you ? no. what exactly is the irony ? what my good friend raheem means is that we draw our strength from unity . well , then we 're on the very same page , kwame . except that what we mean by unity is standing shoulder to shoulder with brothers and sisters of color . is that a problem for you ? no , it 's not a problem at all . we 're just suggesting that you may want to consider expanding your horizons a little . we don 't need outsiders to tell us how to live our lives . i 'm sorry , kurdy , but we 've never gone wrong erring on the side of caution . go back and tell your leaders , we respectfully decline their invitation . but you haven 't even ... the matter is settled . we don 't know what their agenda really is . we turn them loose without them being fully interrogated , it could come back to haunt us . perhaps you 're right . for the moment , i ask that you stay . don 't you think you 've had enough ? enough ? don 't think i know that word . give me a hint . i 've had enough . i 'm gonna turn in . you guys , uh , seem like you got a lot to talk about . come on. don 't be such a stick-in-the-mud . the party 's just beginning . why don 't you just tell me how it turns out ? good night , jeremiah . so , you 're saying that he 's not taken , is that right ? you can 't keep doing this . here we go . you can 't keep going on making messes , expecting other people to clean up after you . but you 're such a good little housekeeper , erin . you were always mama 's little helper . don 't you dare bring up mom with me . oh , honey , relax . you 'll get creases . 'sides , you 're not on your turf anymore , you 're on mine . and in case you forgot , mom 's dead . i 'm sorry. i ... i didn 't ... hey , no problem . maybe you 're not so perfect after all . why is it that all the men you gravitate to are all such assholes ? i like your friend , jeremiah . is he an asshole ? you know what i think it is ? no , sister , dear , but i have a funny feeling i 'm gonna hear it . you choose men who hurt you because that 's what you think you deserve . that is such bullshit . you don 't value yourself , so why not hook up with some guy who 's got the same opinion ? are you done yet ? not quite . you took something from me that you had no right to take . if it was your sense of humor , you clearly had no use for it . you know exactly what i 'm talking about . excuse me , but this little incident happened along the way , the whole goddamn world collapsed like a house of cards , but maybe that was just my nightmare . ok , so you ... you can make all these demands of me , push me around , but if i push back , you go ballistic . honey , there 's nothin you can do to me that hasn 't been done a hundred times , so climb off that high horse . it doesn 't become you . this is damn good . what do you call it ? it 's called muamba nsusu , a traditional african stew from the congo . muamba nsusu , all right . i 'd be willing to wager there 's a lot about your cultural heritage that you don 't know . yeah , well , that 's a wager you would probably win , my man . it 's not your fault . even after the big death , too many of the old prejudices prevailed . well , i 've done my share of reading about the struggle before the death . unfortunately , a lot of those histories were skewed . well , i 'm talking james baldwin , malcolm x , dr. martin luther king ... king had a time and a place , but his teachings did not endure the way real revolutionaries ' did . so are you suggesting dr. king wasn 't a real revolutionary ? i just say that he tried to be all things to all people . so if martin luther king doesn 't pass your litmus test for moral courage , who on god 's green earth does ? i don 't expect you to understand . what is your problem , raheem ? you 're forcing me to say something that you might find ugly . well , get it out , 'cause you 're saying it in innuendo anyway . all right . what you are is the very symbol of what damn near racial mixing . now , you wait a goddamn minute . i don 't know what books you 've read , but the movement was about equality , and even the most real revolutionary did not exclude black men and women because they were of mixed heritage . you know what you 're about ? you 're about fear , about hate , and about finding a scapegoat . life is not black or white , raheem . the real work comes in taking the time to judge people by what 's in their hearts . you don 't see their hearts . you see their faces . you 're proud of being black . that 's great. so am i . i 'm also proud of being me . did i wake you ? what do you want ? honey , if i have to answer that question , you 've got more problems than i do . it 's not like you 're gonna get anywhere with the ice queen . what are you afraid of , jeremiah ? hmm ? mind if i join you ? it 's your home . brother raheem , he , uh , speaks from the heart . i 'm sorry if he caused your friend pain . you know what 's ironic ? i was going to come here with my partner . this is a cat i would trust with my life . and i told him he should stay behind , because i knew he would get a chilly reception here , so i brought elizabeth instead . this movement , it 's not about hate . exactly the opposite , it 's about love , self-love , kurdy . the pride of a people who have been held down so long , they 've forgotten how strong they really are . now , my parents worked damn hard to teach me about where i came from , and to make sure i understood the sacrifices our people made along the way . and then the death happened , and you forgot , but we can teach you ... no , no , no , that 's where you 're wrong , kwame . i did not forget . i can never forget . but when that disease hit , when it passed over every house like one of pharaoh 's plagues , it did not stop to check to see who was black or white or in-between . the big death was an equal-opportunity assassin . that 's all the more reason for black kids to have stuck together , 'cause that was our one shot at unity . no , man , i saw unity . i saw children reaching out to other children , and it didn 't matter who you were . i saw more acts of kindness on those streets between kids who were simply trying to survive than i 've seen in a month of sundays at church . about a year after the big death , i got sick . now , i was real sick. i had some kind of parasite . i 'm ... i 'm wasting away in the basement of a church somewhere . and this little girl , who was barely older than me , i remember she walked with a limp , but she found me . she brought me food and whatever medication she could scrounge up , and every morning and every night , she took care of me , until i had the strength to fight back . you know what this little gimpy girl said to me ? i was the first black friend she ever had . it 's a very touching story , kurdy , but i find it difficult to believe that you didn 't see the hate . you didn 't feel the prejudice ? yeah , i felt it . and you know what i learned ? mmm ? good and evil come in all colors . listen , this organization i represent is looking for decency wherever it 's hiding . we want to build upon it . we want it to flourish . we 've worked too hard , kurdy , too hard at surviving to risk it all on one more white man 's promise . do i look like a white man to you ? it 's dark out here . i can 't tell . there you are . you are in deep shit . you know that . i want what 's mine , geronimo . oh , you 're going to get what 's yours . believe me . i 'm not going back with you , so don 't waste your threats . it 's over , ok ? i 'm not doin ' this anymore . no , you are gonna do what i tell you to do . just give me my stuff . i know you 've got it . come on . what 's with the clothes ? you gotta be shittin ' me . you are so asking ' for it . where the hell did you learn to do that ? fuck ! there 's two of you . bring it on . that 's enough . leave me the hell alone , all right ? you heard the lady . she ain 't interested . and who the fuck are you ? somebody that doesn 't like bullies , especially those who victimize women . how about i victimize you instead ? how about you just walk away ? oh , that 's nice , hiding behind a woman 's skirt. sweet . i got it . come on , asshole . so , think you 're a big man ? it makes you big , beating up on women , huh ? oh , shit . hey , you all right ? i didn 't mean to ... it 's all right . he got what he deserved . let 's get the hell outta here . what are we gonna tell marcus ? that you can 't always pry open a closed mind . for what it 's worth , i 've taken notes on everything , so marcus can do with it what he will . it might have been different if i hadn 't come with you . no , it 's bullshit . all it did was convince me that these guys are not worth bringing into the fold . look , you can put your hardware away , fellas . we 're just leavin ' . after you scoped out everything there is to know about this place ? i don 't think so . i think i know a spy when i see one . what the hell do you want from us ? you should never have come here , but now that you have , you leave me no choice . let 's go . you knew perfectly well that he 'd come after you . that story about your girlfriend was a lie . i had to get something from him . i didn 't think you 'd understand . i guess you never considered the truth as an option . the people with the farm i told you about , that was the truth . it 's not far from here . i can walk it . lauren ... there 's no reason to hide anymore . you sure you wouldn 't rather come back with us ? i 'm not really the settle down type . that 's why it might be good for you . i have a natural aversion to what 's good for me . so i 've noticed . guess i won 't be needing this . if this is what i think it is , believe me , you 're doing the right thing . any opportunity for a lecture , sis , hey ? you really oughta loosen up . maybe this 'll help . take care of that girl , all right ? she takes care of herself . she does pretty good . so what 'd she give you ? i think she decided to give up the drugs . you sure ? oh , my god . i don 't believe this . it 's my mother 's jewelry . all of it . there 's not a piece missing . she never traded it . raheem ! whatever it is , it 'll have to wait . what do you think you 're doing ? protecting the enclave from those who would destroy it . there 's nothing about our group they don 't know about with this report . all an enemy needs to bring us to our knees . oh , come on , kwame . you know why we 're here . raheem , when were you going to share your intentions with me ? you 've grown soft , kwame . someone had to have the courage to stand up and fight for what 's right . stand down . now . we resort to violence without cause , and we only show our weakness . put away your gun , raheem . so after everything we 've worked for , we go back to blind faith ? guilty until proven innocent , is that what you would have us espouse ? when it comes to the security of our people , we cannot afford to miscalculate . like it or not , raheem , there 's a world beyond these walls . a world that would crush our bodies and our souls . now , either we act out of love , or fear . in the end , those are the only 2 choices . and i simply won 't be ruled by fear . what about our families ? your family , my family ? i see no harm in learning more about the group that brought these people here . if they can help us , fine. if not , i 'll make that clear . if you don 't want to be part of that conversation , so be it . silence is pretty deafening . i know that you know what happened last night . i do ? your sister came on to me . i ... i crumbled . phew ! what 's a man to do ? i never said i was a saint . no , you 're definitely not that . and trust me , she 's no saint . what did she do ? blow in your ear ? is that what she told you ? honey , if i have to answer that question , you 've got more problems than i do . hey , wait a minute . are ... are you saying th ... that you ... in ... in ... in ... did we , uh ... you 'll never know for sure , now , will you ? remember when we first met , and i promised you a glass cat ? where did you get this ? shadow of the crescent . it 's from swaziland . kwame gave it to me . i promise i won 't fall asleep this time .
