 previously , on jeremiah ... hey , lee . hey ! there 's a page missing out of simon 's journal , marcus . he got his hands on it first , before anybody else . " en route to meeting " with the brothers of the apocalypse , " outside clarefield . " they 're afraid . maybe big d-2 . " it 's the return of the big death . my position 's been compromised . you have to bring me in . no virus is 100 percent fatal to 100 percent of the population . there will always be some with an immunity . the first time the great death came , it took root in the hormones of adults , but now , somehow , it has mutated . it may be capable of destroying all life as we know it . go to millhaven . go to the tavern . ask for wylie . will he be able to tell me where valhalla sector is ? yes , without question . kurdy ! elizabeth ? no ! she 's hurt because of you and your goddamn quest . stay the fuck away from her , and you stay the fuck away from me . i 'm done , man . i 'm done with this , and i 'm done with you . you are on your own ! give me a " p . " p . give me a " h . " h . give me a " i . " i . give me a " l . " l . what 's that spell ? phil . what 's that spell ? phil ! what 's that spell ? phil ! whoo ! and what does phil want to do now ? i don 't know . oh , i could wear the little kitty-cat ears again . you like the kitty-cat ears , don 't you ? well , i don 't know if i can handle the kitty-cat ears thing again . well , then we 'll do whatever you want to , because theo said you were a very good boy this week , and i should do whatever i can to make you happy . yeah ? you know what i invented for theo ? well , i didn 't really invent it . i just sort of reinvented it , because nobody else knew how to work it . a barometer . uh-huh ? see , the barometer was invented by ben franklin , and it--it can tell you whether it 's dry outside , or if it 's humid , or if it 's raining- - uh , but can 't you just look outside to see if it 's raining ? you know what ? why don 't you do the cheer thing again ? ok . give me a " p . " help her . help her. she 's dyin ' . dear dad , it 's been 15 years since the big death wiped out everyone over the age of innocence ... the end of your world , the beginning of mine . look , i can 't help her . i 'm not a doctor . look , you 're one of theo 's brain boys. you know stuff . well , yeah , but- - look , you do what you can , or i will rip your fucking lungs out . ok , ok . well , come on , i 'll need some help . elizabeth , you are not gonna die. do you hear me ? i swear to you , you are not gonna die . ezekiel ... i know you 're out there , and i know you 're supposed to protect me . now , since i got a long walk tomorrow , i 'm gonna take a chance , try to get some sleep , so if you see anybody ... approaching , you know , just let me know somehow . throw something , make a noise . fart . it 's like talking to my own armpit . where are you going , jeremiah ? i 've been wondering that myself , for a long time . if you figure it out before i do , let me know . where are you going now ? and what did you find out from the brothers of the apocalypse ? nothing i feel like telling you right now . i surprised you back there . you didn 't expect to see me . no . so what were you doing there ? did somebody send you ? do the brothers know where you come from ? no , and no . i found them on my own . they knew nothing of my past . they cared without me having to tell them why they should care , and without asking the questions that should never be asked . they provided a place for me to pray and to seek forgiveness . for what ? for what was , what is , and what is yet to be . you know , if you 're always gonna talk like a goddamn fortune cookie , there 's not much i can do for you . so good night . there is nothing you can do to help me , and nothing you can do to help your friends . all i can do is try to keep you alive , with or without your help . hey , yo , marcus . you made it . i said we 'd be here . we 're here . you know how it is . a lot of folks out here are all talk and no action . me , i 'm all action and no talk . you don 't say . yeah . was that a joke ? nathan , i want to introduce you to erin . she 's my 2nd , up at the mountain . it 's a pleasure . come on inside . it 's cold out here . what 's a fine-looking woman like yourself doing working for a stiff like this ? you gotta come over to my side , er ' . let me show you the st. louis we 're rebuilding ' . we got supply lines . folks are movin ' back into neighborhoods . we 're movin ' up and movin ' in . and i definitely could find a position for somebody like you . i 'll bet . so have you found a place for the meeting ? yeah . it took some doing , 'cause we had to make room for all the big guns from all over the country , but i found us the perfect place . great . so where 's lee ? we got to go over the security arrangements . got a lot of nervous people here . lee couldn 't make it . uh-huh . i heard there was some trouble . no , no trouble . just have to adjust a few of the security details , make all those nervous people happy . well , that 's great , see , 'cause right now , i 'm one of them . you get any sleep ? i don 't sleep . ever ? ever . insomnia ? memories . same thing . since we 're walking , i figure i can ask you a couple of questions , all right ? i can tell you nothing . our father was very upset with me when he found out i talked to you before . he said i should tell you nothing more , for your own good . but you just did . no , i didn 't . yes , you did , by telling me that you 're not supposed to tell me anything , well , that tells me something . i know something now that i didn 't 2 minutes ago . you see how that works ? where are we going ? that way . what 's that way ? the truth . then that 's the last place you should be going . we 'll see . how is she ? i--i tried . i did everything i could . i gave her something for the pain- - no , no , no , no , no ! look , you get back in there . you do something . look , you can beat the shit out of me all you want , but--but i 'm telling you the truth . there 's nothing else i can do . i 'm sorry . ok ? i 'm-i 'm sorry . hey . hey . i , uh ... i talked to phil , and he said ... well , he said you 're gonna be ok . one of the things i 've always loved about you , kurdy , is you 've never lied to me . don 't start now . elizabeth , i 'm so sorry . it wasn 't your fault . you carried so much weight in your life , kurdy . don 't carry this , too . this--this is jeremiah 's fault. i mean , i-if we weren 't there , those guys never would have shown up . no , kurdy , you 're wrong . the men that attacked us were following me , the convoy , the cars headed for st. louis . you have to warn marcus . they 're meeting tonight , and it--it 's a 2-day drive . i would never make it back to the mountain in time . there 's a radio . it 's buried next to the clarefield road sign , 2 miles north of here . you have to warn them , kurdy . they 're walking into a trap . ok . ok , i 'll do it . you rest , ok ? and i 'll be right back . don 't blame jeremiah for this . it wasn 't his fault . i 've always had this feeling that as long as the two of you were together , you 'd be safe , but apart ... don 't let what happened to me tear you apart , ok ? i need to know you 'll be safe . please , kurdy . promise me you 'll find him . elizabeth- - kurdy , promise me . ok , i promise . i love you , kurdy . elizabeth ... i have loved you since the first time you spoke to me , and it didn 't matter if you knew . it--it didn 't even matter if--if you loved me back , 'cause for that one moment , i had ... the kind of love you only get once in a lifetime . i mean , people spend their entire lives looking f- - elizabeth ? we should not be walking this way . it 's the only way i know how . left foot , right foot , left , right . you come up with something better , you let me know . there are only 2 towns in this direction , on this side of the mountains , boundary and millhaven . hmm , nice names . you should not go to millhaven . you 're just full of suggestions today , aren 't you , ezekiel ? i mean it . why not ? because it is not a place you should go . didn 't we just cover that part ? there is a river that flows through hell , jeremiah , and the name of that river is millhaven . step into it , and the river will wash you away into the darkness . i will not allow you to go there . well , you may not have much choice . hey . how you doing ? ok . which way you headed ? up the road . do you mind if i hitch a ride ? i 've been walking a long time . yeah ? how long ? about 15 years . get in . do not go to millhaven , jeremiah . do you hear me ? stay away from millhaven ! friend of yours ? just one more guy on the road . you know , the whole time i knew you , i always felt like i could say anything to you . the only thing i couldn 't get right was " goodbye . " you know , i 'd say goodbye , and there 'd always be , like , one more thing . i mean , you- - you 'd always listen , even though there was one more thing , one more thing after that . i don 't know how to say goodbye , elizabeth . you know , i keep thinking that there should be one more thing , and then i remember ... i love you . and i 'm sorry . and i will keep my promise . i swear it . goodbye . we 've got guards positioned in every road leading up here . nobody gets in without us knowing about it . wow. it 's certainly big enough for our needs . i worry about it being this open . well , it 's the best compromise we could come up with . everybody 's open to getting together , but nobody wants to be stuck in a box where they can be locked in , you know ? at least this ways , if there 's trouble , people can get out fast . what about weapons ? that 's gonna be a problem . we told everybody to leave the artillery at home , no guns allowed , but we got people from rival groups here . got a lot more people who still think that this may be some kind of a setup . now , we could search out everybody as best we can , but i don 't think that 's the way to stop anyone from bringing shit in here if they really want to . all right , we should get ready . our guests are gonna arrive any time now . right. follow me . hey . hi. what can i get you ? i 'm looking for a guy . oh , well , you 're in the wrong bar . you want to be across the street . his name 's wylie . is that another joke that i 'm not getting ? wylie 's not his name . i mean , that 's what we call him . it 's not his name . wylie , like wile e. coyote . you remember the cartoon ? he was always chasing after something he was never gonna catch , until he finally goes nuts . that 's pretty much our wylie . so , does that make you the roadrunner ? yeah , maybe it does . so where can i find this wylie ? he 's right over there . meep-meep . thanks . choo-choo . choo-choo . hey . how you doing ? i 'm jeremiah . brother clarence sent me . he gave me this to prove that he sent me . he said you might have some answers for me . are you from the mountain ? yes . at last. what the hell took you people so long ? it 's a long story . listen to me . i have all the answers you 'll ever need to hear , and some you won 't wanna hear . we can 't talk here . come on . i 'll tell you everything you wanna know , all of it . all of it . i let ' em think i 'm crazy , because that way nobody bothers me . nobody pays attention . you see things that way , hear things , talk to people . quite a place you got here . and--and good job acting nuts , too . don 't touch that one . that 's shirley . she 's special . well , it 's obvious that you 're totally , completely sane . i am . i just don 't like people touching her . is that wrong ? no. no , no , you-you 're good . it 's fine . you want to know about valhalla sector ? you want to know about the virus ? yes . then sit down. here . see , a lot of people come through here from valhalla sector . this is one of their main transfer points . yeah . everybody looks the other way , because they don 't want trouble , but i see them . i try to talk to them , 'cause some of them don 't like what they do , and , well , they gotta talk to somebody or go insane . they give me , like , papers , news clippings , reports . i 've got it all here , man . i 've got it all right here . see . see , before the big " d , " there were places like thunder mountain , where you come from , that place in greenbriar , virginia , bomb shelters for the government in case of nuclear attack , fallout shelters for schools , city hall , duck and cover , everything will be just fine , the radiation will just wash off in the rain , huh ? but it was all bullshit , you know , except for the big ones , the ones the government was building . cold war ended , bug war started . anthrax in the mailbox , viruses in crop dusters , pretty soon they realized that these fallout shelters weren 't worth shit . what they needed was something that was not only radiation safe , but safe from biological and chemical warfare , safe for the shadow government , so they built 3 of them . valhalla was the biggest of the bunch , the one they reserved for all the big shots , and that 's where they went when the big death hit , starting in new delhi . devon ! devon , come in . there 's a phone call . it 's the lab . they say there 've been 10 more deaths in new delhi , and 3 this morning in paris . new delhi . why new delhi ? i--i--i could never figure that out . why new delhi ? why new fucking delhi ? that 's where the fucking experiments were going on . see , they were doing this bad-ass shit outside the u.s. , because they weren 't supposed to be doing shit like this at all . like we we 're not supposed to have smallpox anymore , or anthrax , but they had been making that shit and storing it up for years . how it started doesn 't matter . the only thing , the only thing that matters is that something went wrong . the virus got loose . people started dying , dying fast , dying bad . nobody knew what the fuck was happening , and the ones who did know , the ones who had funded the fucking thing , were busy trying to cover their own asses because they didn 't want to admit that they 'd been working on this shit in secret , so they covered it up , covered their asses , covered up a lie while this thing was eating its way through people like a hot knife through butter , and by the time they got their shit together , it was just too late . it was too fucking late . and now it 's panic , and riots , and blood in the streets , blood and fire , and everywhere you look , it 's terror and people dying . and people killing themselves rather than face the virus , including , including the guy who created the virus , one of only 2 guys who really understood how it worked . his son survived , was taken in by the other guy . well , you know , i see him come around here sometimes . he 's pretty messed up , you know , but i guess if your dad had killed half the world , well , i guess that 'd be the kind of thing that 'd screw anybody up pretty bad , you know ? now , the researcher , i don 't know his name ... devon ! i think i do . he was trying to warn the powers that be , tried to break the conspiracy of silence , but they fought him tooth and nail , and they called everybody back , back to valhalla sector , because now the president was coming , and he wanted answers . my god , devon , what are we gonna do ? i 'm gonna call max . he 'll send someone . got contacts all over the place . c.d.c. , thunder mountain , wright-patterson . if anyone can get us on a plane to valhalla sector , it 's max . but there were some folks who didn 't want the answers found , because it would expose them . they tried to shred the evidence , but the other guy , he wouldn 't let go . he was gonna find the proof and put the blame where it belonged . we 'll be gone less than an hour . but why can 't we come ? it 's too dangerous . half the roads are blocked , the lab 's under armed guard . keep the lights off and the doors locked , understand ? we just gotta get those files and get out before anyone knows we 've been there . come on . max has found an airfield just outside of town . there 's one last plane leaving for valhalla sector in an hour . we 've gotta be on it or it 'll be too late . that 's why . that explains the rifle . the secrecy . he was gonna expose them . yeah . uh , how do you know about that ? i just ... what- - what do you know about the vaccine ? you know about the experiments ? i didn 't think anybody else knew about that stuff . it stands to reason if the big death is coming back , they 're gonna want a vaccine . no , no , no , no . see , that 's where you got it all wrong . the vaccine is what 's bringing the big death back . you wanna see ? you wanna see it with your own eyes ? because i 'll show you . you 've come this far . come on , you brave enough to go the rest of the way ? you want to see this thing through to the end , or do you want to walk away ? i gotta know . i gotta know . let 's go . ok . it 's all falling apart . the place is filling up out there . thanks for the performance anxiety . you 'll do fine . stop editing your speech . it was fine when you wrote it the first time , and it was fine when you rewrote it the next 7 times . 8th 's the charm . 3 's a charm . hey , don 't quibble . i only wish i knew where lee was . i wish i knew where he wasn 't . read it to me again . which part ? you know the part . " we gather here today in a common cause , " because the desires that unite us " are greater than the forces that divide us . " we look with awe at the artifacts of the past , " believing that we will never again " know such greatness , " but greatness is only a matter of will . " it is the end result of patience , " determination , " direction and strength . " and we who have grown up in the shadow of the big death " have those qualities in abundance . " we have made mistakes , but we have learned from them . " and what we have learned most " is that we cannot entrust our future " to those who can only see the past . " tonight , we stand together , united for the first time . " in the coming days , " we will carve out the framework for a new country " and a new future . " because if we fail to do so , " others will do it for us , and generations yet unborn will live to regret our failure . " wylie , i 've been thinking . there 's something that bothers me . why haven 't you told anybody else ? i have . what , you think you 're the first or something ? i 've tried . it 's just , you know , there 's no c.n.n. anymore , no radio , newspapers , police , nobody who can do anything about this shit , the more people i tell , the bigger the chance the wrong people hear about it , and i get whacked . look , in the last year , since i 've put it all together , i told 12 people before you . brother clarence . that 's the one you know . 4 others tried to do something about it , tell other people . they ended up murdered . 5 more i never heard from again . i figure they just wanted to forget the whole thing . well , then , that leaves 2 . what about them ? once they knew what was going on , once they really understood , they killed themselves . truth can do that to you sometimes . come on , we 're almost there . you gotta watch yourself . they still have guards here sometimes . go ahead , take a look . what am i supposed to be ... this is where they brought the bodies in the beginning , before they started the burnings , before it all went crazy . went crazy how ? after the big death , uh ... the , uh , the other guy , the--the--the researcher ... devon . yeah . he was the only guy who understood how the virus worked , so he kept working towards finding a cure . he never did find it , but he did find a vaccine . he just wouldn 't give it to them . why not ? well , by that time , the big death was long over . burned itself out once and for all . there was no need for it . at least , that 's the story he told them when they asked . but if the virus is gone , why do they need a vaccine ? and--and if he had a vaccine , why wouldn 't he give it to them ? well , giving them the vaccine would 've meant giving them the key to how the big death works . don 't you see ? the virus behind the big " d " is the deadliest weapon we 've ever had . you immunize your own population , turn it against the enemy , and these guys in valhalla sector , they got enemies coming out their asses . some of them wouldn 't think twice about using it if they thought it was necessary . so he wouldn 't give it to them , they decided to do the tests on their own . figured , you know , if he could figure it out , so could they . they just didn 't want to expose their own people . guys like you and me , everybody above-ground , we 're expendable , jeremiah . to these guys , we 're just lab rats . like jimmy holcomb . who ? jimmy holcomb was a test subject for the vaccine . the tumors that it gave him killed him . i traced it to a lab by seattle . it was pretty extensive . i got the impression it wasn 't the only one . no , it wasn 't . i mean , these guys are something else . you know , they set up control groups where people couldn 't touch each other , so they 'd know if the disease had mutated and became airborne . they took kids , did experiments on ' em , tried different drug cocktails . eventually , they got what they thought was a working vaccine . just one problem . what 's that ? you know how sometimes when you used to get a flu shot , you got the flu ? yeah . about a year after getting the injections , some of the test subjects who got the vaccine against the big death developed a form of the virus . when guys in valhalla sector found out , they sent teams of burners to torch any place where the virus showed up . see , all this time , still trying to cover their asses . now , the new mutation is slower than the old one , but it 's more deadly , and the old vaccine doesn 't work against it . they 're trying to track down all the test subjects , but sooner or later , they ain 't gonna get there in time , and when that happens , everybody dies ... everybody . ready to go , man ? yeah , i think so . 9 is the charm . no , 3 's the charm , man . don 't even go there . how do they look ? well , it 's a tough crowd , man . i 'm telling you , it 's gonna take some serious-ass words to get some of those folks to work together , so i really hope you got ' em . 10 's the charm ? 10 's the charm ? time 's up . you have to go now . isn 't that what they tell condemned men right before they take the long walk ? marcus , you 'll be fine . i believe in you . the whole mountain believes in you , and when this is done , so will they . hey . evening . i 'm looking for a guy . oh , well , you got the wrong bar . try the one across the street . cut the crap . i 'm not in the mood . now , his name is wylie . he might have come in here with another friend of mine named jeremiah . yeah , he came in here a few hours ago . they sat right over there . that 's wylie 's table . that 's wylie , like , as in wile e. coyote- - is he coming back ? yeah , probably . you want a drink while you wait ? you know , it 's pretty strange when 2 guys from out of town both come looking for wylie like this . if you are not looking for an ass-whippin ' , i strongly suggest you move . i have a better idea . how about you get your ass out of that chair , and you go where i tell you to go , or i 'll blow your fuckin ' head off . does that work for you ? shit . what ? something 's wrong . wha- - i haven 't heard one of those sirens since ... we gotta split up . no , wait . no , it 's our only chance . wait ! god . check it out , ok ? is there a problem ? you have 2 guys check it out . i don 't know , man . we haven 't heard back from the guys yet we 've got guarding the roads . they 're supposed to check in every half-hour . they might just be late . they 're not the most reliable guys around . marcus , you should go back downstairs until we- - no . they put their lives on the line to come here . we do what we came here to do . hello . oh , shit ! " tonight , " we stand together , " united for the first time . " in the coming days , " we will carve out the framework " for a new country " and a new future , " because if we fail to do so , others will do it for us . " this is an illegal assembly . stay where you are , and you will not be harmed . i repeat , surrender peacefully , and no one will be harmed . fuck you . no ! no ! no ! no ! jeremiah ! hey , dad , i 'm home .
