 previously on jeremiah ... the last 16 years have been unimaginably brutal , but there comes a time when you have to stop looking backward and start looking forward . i keep hearing about this guy , daniel . they say he 's like one of these guys from out of the old world , tall and straight , good teeth , and when he speaks , you listen . ( daniel ) : it is a new world , a new age , but that new worldcan never be safe as long as there are enemiesout there against us . our enemies can not be allowed to stand in the wayof the future . they must fall . they will fall . anyone who resists is given two choices- - you work or you die . stop him ! you 've always talked about all those years you spent dreaming about what it would be like to have a home . in a town like this , you 'd be stable for a while . i 'd like to put you in charge of putting this place back together . well , i 'll give it a shot . you think this is a good idea ? all my ideas are good ideas . hey , listen. it 's early . i don 't want to seem insensitive to what 's going on here . look , i 've been living in that store for six years . you mean squatting in that store . we 're all squatters , dave . ever since the big death . i mean , we live wherever we want . you want to live in a bowling alley , you want to live in a mansion ? if it 's there , it 's empty , it 's yours . this ? this is mine . hey , we are trying to bring backthe downtown area here , make it a nice place where everything 's conveniently located . as soon as you 're out of here , i can reopen this bakery , and in return , i 'll give you 10 % off anything you buy . i 'm not moving . hey , why not ? you know what ? there 's a good house two blocks back there . i just saw it on the way down ... it 's drafty . it 's cold. and mackie says it 's haunted . it 's not haunted . then you live there. look , this is my place . you can try and take it by force ... nobody 's taking anything. not by force , okay ? but i want you guys to try to figure something out . can 't you let him stay herefor a little while ? it 's a bakery. does he look sanitary to you ? i 'm just saying , all right ? you know what ? go to hell . why don 't you go have a bath ? look , the two of you ... step over there . jeremiah. just the man i 'm looking for . not now , frank. i don 't have time . i just want to check back with you about my request for an interview for the newspaper . you 're in charge of milhaven , and most people don 't know anything about you . yeah. i like it that way . okay , the alliance you guys put together , it 's adding more towns as members every day . don 't you want to give people a heads-up on what they have to look forward to ? you have something to say to me ? yeah , bring it on , muffin man . yeah , you tell them it 's going to be peace and prosperity from here on out . peace and prosperity. got it . hey , hey , hey , hey ! this is howwe work things out ? we 're trying to build a world based on mutual respectand cooperation . we tried " every man for himself " for 16 years . it didn 't work.it 's time for a change . what you did pulling ridgeway together , the alliance wants to do for the whole country . look , obviously , we 're interested in what you 're selling , or you wouldn 't still be here , but the bottom line is what 's in it for us ? until now , every time you went out on the road , you took your life in your own hands . the alliance has opened up trade routes between a dozen states . we 've got food coming up from the south , equipment from the north . we 're setting upcommunications systems , power supplies , water . look , the thing is , we 're right on the border of daniel 's group , and so far , we haven 't had any trouble because we haven 't taken sides . they 're building an army . so are we . the difference is we 're building an army so we can protect folkslike you from daniel and anybody else who wants to take the country by force . you can stand alone , you can stand with us , or you can wait until daniel 's forcescome knocking on your door . comes to that , we 'll fight . as you should , but you shouldn 't have to fight alone . we 'll take this to the others for a vote , and we 'll let you know our decision by nightfall . they 'll say yes . yeah ? how do you know ? god say so ? maybe . oh , you 're just making that stuff up now . not a chance. the last time i said something on god 's behalf that he didn 't really say , my tongue turned black for a week . whatever. come on . oh , nuts . ( thunder crashing ) trouble. trouble 's coming . it 's been 15 years since a strange diseasewiped out all of the adults and left us kidsto fend for ourselves . now i 'm moving ahead , through the past . * i can 't let go * i 'm holding hope so tight * it 's hard to breathe when the whole world falls * * i 'm gonna put the stars back back up in the sky * * let them all just shine down i 'm gonna try * * i believe we 'll find the world together * * through your eyes * that 's all i can see * i believe we 're looking at forever * * in a world where we can be free * * i believe this is the voiceof daniel . as our hand stretchesacross the country , we encounter those who would opposeour divine right to assume controlover a growing nation . we place in your handsan important task- - to slow the growthof our enemies , hinder their efforts , cut off their supply lines , remove their allies , and eliminate any resistancewe may encounter on our wayto a better tomorrow . you heard the man , people . time to get to work . congratulations , kurdy . the vote wasn 't even close . you just gained yourself an ally . well , that 's great to hear . welcome to the alliance . we 're going to send someone to thunder mountain to let markus know our decision and start things moving . where 's your friend , smith ? oh , i don 't know. he does it every now and then . he disappears and shows up out of nowhere . i 'm going to go look for him , and then we 're going to head out of here . more townsto line up ? yeah , markus wants us to check out innsmouth . innsmouth. we know it. good luck . all right , thanks. see you guys soon . take it easy . all right . well , they 're in . one down , 15,000 to go . you don 't look happy to hear it . no , it 's great. really . so ... what now ? well , i was thinking . about a year ago , jeremiah and i passed through innsmouth , and he got on pretty good with the womanwho runs the place . since innsmouth is on the other side of milhaven , it might be a good ideato stop by , see if jeremiah wants to help out . i don 't think that 's ... don 't think that 's what ? well , nothing. i just ... we could just do it ourselves . well , it couldn 't hurt to have the help . besides , it 'd be a kickto see him , just to see his reaction , ' cause you know jeremiah . that man loves surprises . so i hear that markus has some plans for the base at valhalla , you know , ways he can use it to ... i don 't keep track of that stuff . i 've got all i can handle right here . i know. i just , you know , i was curious . it 's markus 's problem. not mine . what would you like to do for new year 's ? i think we 're doing it . no , i 'm serious . so am i . you know , i 've always had this superstition that what you 're doing on new year 's is what you 're going to be doing ... for the rest of the year . the rest of the year ? i don 't think i have it in me . no ? well ... we could always find out . ( knocking ) go away . ( knocking ) if it 's those guys from the store , i 'm just going to burn the store down and let god sort it out . coming ! coming . surprise . whoa ! well , either you don 't like surprises , or it 's really coldin your house . i was just getting ready to get in the shower . come on in . so we were leaving ridgeway after getting them to sign on with the alliance ... thank you . you 're welcome . and i figured , eh ! why don 't you come with us to the next town and help us close the next deal ? i don 't know , kurdy . it 's a day 's drive , there 's a lot going on here ... it 's almost new year 's eve . now , come on. you got on great with the woman who ran the place . i think she 'd be happy to see you again . oh ? it 's not what you think . not for lack of trying . on her part . man , i remember the night she came out fully naked . thank you . yeah , i think her ass print is still on the hood of the car . you know , kurdy , you keep going , and there 's a chance , just a chance , that maybe someday somebody is goingto find your body , but they 'd never be able to identify it with what 's going to be left . well , i 'm just saying that we can useall the help we can get if we 're going to get these guys to sign on with the alliance . hey , i would take it as a personal favor . well , i 'm coming , but only so i can keep an eye on dents-car-with-ass . whoa . hey , smith , you all right ? yeah. i 'm great . you sure ? yeah , i 'm good. i 'm just a little tired . i think i 'm going to get some air . excuse me . i 've seen you around here before . you 're from thunder mountain , aren 't you ? yeah , after a fashion . could you sparea few moments for an interview ? my readers would love to hear a bit aboutyour background and what you 'vegot planned for milhaven . i don 't really know what i 'd say . because , you know , there 's a lot of rumorsgoing around about what you guys got planned for this town . it 'd be great to get some confirmation . it 's not really for me to say . so i should just go ahead and print what i 've heard ? isn 't that what reporters are supposed to do ? yeah , but ... well , don 't worry about it . okay. you 're the boss . we justgot the word , sims . the alliance connedanother town into joining up . when ? earlier today. place called ridgeway . there it is . 20 miles north of here . very convenient of them . get on the radio . tell the folks back home we 've acquired our first target . okay , let 's get ready to move out ! ( * * ) burn it down . can i give you a hand with that ? okay , i 'm set . what ? it 's just , um ... it 's just that sometimes , the way the light hits you ... you 're beautiful . i am not . oh , yeah , you are . you 're beautiful . sir ? oh , cripe . this will just take a second . you know , it 's funny. i was just thinking , with all the kidding aroundand dinner and everything , which town are we going to ? innsmouth . innsmouth . you know , you don 'thave to come along . why shouldn 't i ? it 's just youdon 't have to come . if i had to come , i probably wouldn 't . just a gift . hope it 's going great . what is all this about , huh ? okay , now what ? um , i ... sorry , we ... just wanted to let you knowthat we worked things out . because i do not ... you what ? well , i figure i could set aside a room for him , and he can live there until ... until i geta better place , and i can help him out at the bakery . and i could use the help. for sure . because it 's ... better . better . better ? much better . better . right , so you don 't have to be concerned anymore , 'cause we worked it all out . right . well , i 'm glad you guys worked that out . okay . thank you . oh , you need to check this out . look at that . i 'll be right back . so , what , are you just out of your mind , frank ? what ? what do you mean , " what " ? now i know why everyone 's walking around being so nice to me all of a sudden . if you 're talking about the article ... oh , yeah , i 'm talking about the article . " thunder mountain has big plans for milhaven . " bribes for electricity ? martial law ? prisons ? executions ? what is this ? that 's what my sources tell me . your sources ? yeah , there are a lot of crazy stories about what thunder mountain 's going to do for milhaven . just stories. it 's all gossip . it 's bull. propaganda from daniel . people are asking what 's coming . i asked you for an interview , and you said no . what am i supposed to do , print nothing ? oh , what ? and you think printing this ... crap is better ? look , that 's what i hear , and that 's without me printing the really bad stuff . if this is not the case , i 'll be happy to print your side of things , but you can 't stop people from reporting things just because you won 't cooperate . i 'll tell you , if you 're ... and if this encourages you to communicate better with this town , then that 's a good thing . you should have checked with me before you printed it . i checked with your people . they said it was okay for me to just go with what i had . hey , what people ? i don 't have people . can i have a blanket yet ? no . can i have a blanket now ? no . please ? no . i have to go to the bathroom . go right ahead . i mean it . so do i . i 'm sorry , but we 've got enough problems of our own without inheriting somebody else 's problems . we join up with this alliance , and ... the benefits far outweigh the drawbacks , sheila . we are building a nation . look around . you think anybody here cares about building the nation ? look , a nation 's a concept.it 's a thing . nobody cares about things or ideas . it 's all a matter of what you can do for us , or , failing that , what can you do for me so i can be encouraged to sell this idea to my people ? what do you want ? to start livingbetter than we 've been . for instance , if we join onwith this alliance , how long before we get the water turned on around here ? that 's hard to say . i mean , it depends on how many sewer lines are still up , where the nearest reservoir is ... because i for one am tired ofwaking up cold . i want a warm bath . ( children playing ) i will make sure that jeremiah personally comes knocking on your back door . excuse me ? i was just sayingthat if sheila here wants to wake up to a warm bath every morning , that you havea spare pump system down by milhaven that we could bring up to help her out until we can work things out for the rest of the town . i 'll tell you what . if we can make a deal here , i 'll deliver the monster myself . it 's a start . it 's not right . it 's not right . it 's not right . it 's not right , it 's not right , it 's not right . it 's not right. it 's not right. it 's not right ... it 's not right . ( punching door ) no. no. no , it 's not right . aah ! aah ! aah ! why her ? why her ? so , are you guys going to stay in here all day , or are we going to celebrate new year 's ? you are just in time for the good news . we closed the deal ? we mostly closed the deal . we mostly closed the deal . that 's great. congratulations . happy new year . yeah. whatever . r-r-row ! so , how manyis that so far ? well , for me and smith , that 's two towns , ridgeway and innsmouth . where the hell is smith , anyway ? did you say ridgeway ? you didn 't hear ? had a guy come through this morning just before you two got here . said something awful happened to ridgeway . did he say what ? no , he didn 't stay that long . he was moving awfully fast , though , that 's for sure . could be fire , raiders , anything . we 'd better check it out . are you sure ? i promised them that we would take care of them after they joined the alliance . now , it may be nothing major , but still ... smith ? smith , where the hell are you ? smith ? all right , screw it , i 'm going on my own . no , man. if there 'strouble out there , it 's better if two of us go . three . if something happens , i need to know that you 're safe . i can take care of myself . i know you can take care of yourself . this is probably nothing . we 'll go check it out and i 'll ... i 'll be right back . okay ? do me a favor . if you find smith , kick his ass for me . kurdy said i 'm supposed to kick your ass . that so ? 'cause ... i could probably take you . i think i 'm tougher than i look . i guess you 'd have to be , wouldn 't you ? you disappeared . yeah , i justneeded to get away . you didn 't get very far . no. i never really do . what time is it ? i don 't know . it doesn 't work . it doesn 't work ? no . why are you winding a watch that doesn 't work ? 'cause someday , the world 's going to change , and it 'll startticking again . i 'd like to have it ready for when that day comes . you 're such a strange man . there 's so much going on inside you , you know ? like a pool of water , so still on top , but if you dropped in a rock , it would keep going down forever and never hit the bottom . what ... what 's wrong ? nothing . i shouldn 't be here . you shouldn 't be here . i 'm sorry . did we hit her ? i don 't think so . barbara ? she 's one of the people who runs ridgeway . barbara , what happened ? they came . they came to ridgeway . who did ? i heard a name . sims . they torched the town , took everyone prisoner ... said they were going to put them into work camps ... make an example of all of us and anyone else who signs up with the alliance against daniel . barbara , barbara , barbara , listen to me . did anyone tell them where we were going next ? did anyone tell them that we were going to innsmouth ? libby . okay , come on , come on . nearly there . do we send in a team , make sure they 've signed onwith the alliance before we hit them ? we know the alliance was on its way here . that 's all we need to know . we are here to send a message ... that there is no safety in joining the alliance , and great danger in even letting them in your front door . i will make sure that every way is closed to them . i can 't do this anymore . you hear me ? i can 't do it anymore ! i didn 't ask to be the chosen . i don 't want to be the chosen. i 'm tired of being the chosen . so choose somebody else for a change ! what , you got nothing to say ? i know you can hear me . you pick now to go quiet ? well , damn you . damn you for doing this to me , and damn me for not blowing my brains out . that would really mess your plans up , wouldn 't it ? i don 't want to know what i know ! i shouldn 't have to know the things i know , not if i can 't do anything about it . not if i ... mr. smith ? what 's wrong ? i don 't understand . why ? what are you doing ? ( engine revving ) this town has beencontaminated by the western alliance and deemed to be uncleanin the eyes of daniel . surrender or die . break out the guns . we 're not going down without a fight . we 've got to get out of here . there is no wayout of here . we 've got to get these people organized or they 're going to get killed . look , you stay here . promise me you 'll stay here . if you 're here , then maybe he 's wrong . who 's wrong ? whoa , stop ! whoa , we 've got to geta firing line going . let 's go. we 've got to get a firing line . give me a gun. let 's go , go , go ! go , move ! move ! come on , man , we 've got to get there . go faster . we 're still at least two hours out . i know . hold your fire. don 't fire until i tell you . wait ! hold it ! hold it ! fire ! move , move , move ! damn . get back out there . take over from here . i 'll join you in a few minutes . i didn 't know you were going to be here . you should have radioed ahead , let us know what was going on . i didn 't know where we were going till i got in the truck . by then , i couldn 't use the radio . could i ? besides , i was going to tell you later , when i got back . who knew you 'd be so ... efficient ? i thought that you liked that i was always on top of everything . i did. i do . that truck . it 's the one that took my people . kurdy ? i 'm on it . libby ! she 's not here . look , can you take care of these people ? get somebody to takethis back to innsmouth ? i think so . i wanted to see you after valhalla sector fell . you 're more important to us in milhaven . especially after valhalla . everything was in a state of flux . that 's one word for it . i wasn 't even briefed about the attack on jeremiah . that was a bad idea , a renegade operation . as long as we have someone on the inside , jeremiah 's more important to us alive . we removed all the evidence ... i was almost killed . i saw the gun just in time . i know . i 'm sorry . daniel appreciateseverything you 've done . more important ... i appreciate it . i should get back to it . better you stay heretill things quiet down . safer that way . i will . take this , just in case there 's any trouble . hey , libby . how you doing ? oh. mr. smith , i ... you 're how they found out about ridgeway . only me and kurdy knew about it until we told you . what are you talking about ? i saw you with him ! i heard you . so ? who 's going to believe you ? a little man who hears voices . you think jeremiah will believe you ? he ... loves me . he mentioned something about a radio . if it 's in the house , we 'll find it . get out of here , smith . no. god ... ( cocks gun ) i don 't understand . how could you do this to jeremiah ? i do carefor him , and i didn 't want to be stuck in the middle , but here i am , and i have to do what is necessary . he loves you . he does , doesn 't he ? so he 'll believe what i tell him , and if you do anything to me , he 'll kill you . i don 't want to hurt you , libby . then don 't . you don 't hurt me , and i don 't hurt you , and we 'll work this out together . ( crying ) the first truck just radioed in . we 've got company . our friends from thunder mountain . they got him and the truck . how many ? he was cut off before he could say . should we stay , or ... we 've done what we came to do . we sent a message ... there is no safety outside daniel . we 'll stand against the alliance at a time of our choosing , not theirs . tell the others to move out . that 's them ! hey ! libby ! libby ? she was killed ... in the battle . i did everything i could to get to her . i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry . i 'm so sorry . smith. smith . hey . hey . how are you feeling ? it hurts . well , i talked to some of the others , and they say you helpedpull together the defenses . i didn 't help much . i did everything i could to save her , kurdy . i swear to ... you did all you could 've done , smith . i should 've ... no. don 't . should 'ves will kill you . hell , we shouldn 't have left , we shouldn 't have stopped , we shouldn 't have ... look , you did everything you could . it 's not your fault . i mean , there 's no way anybody could 've known this was going to happen . how 're the others ? we 're lucky . they only got one truckload of people out of here to the work camps before they decided to split , and you got that one , so everyone 's either present and accounted for or ... not . well , we got word back to markus , and he 'll have guys here in two , three days , max . kurdy , kurdy , look , i 'm sorry , but this ... it 's too much for us . this thingbetween you and daniel , we can 't be caught in the middle . i 'm sorry , but we 're not taking sides . sheila , there 's no wayyou can remain neutral . sooner or later , these guys are coming . yeah , well , at least it 'll be later . it 'll give us time to build up our defenses . meanwhile , we 're out.i 'm sorry . how you doing ? i understand if youdon 't want to talk . i was like thatfor a long time after elizabeth ... not ... not now . i know what you 're saying , man , just not now . okay . i saw his face ... the guy that did this . he was ... he was smiling . i know where he is , who he works for . i know his kind . he won 't stop.he 'll do this again ... and again and again until i find him ... and i will find him , if it takes me the rest of my life ... and when i find him , i 'll kill him . i 'll kill everybody standing with him . i 'll kill them all . and when that day comes , nobody can stop me , not markus , not nobody ... not even you , man . a man ought to be careful of promises he makes at gravesides ... real careful . now i know why you didn 't tell me the whole story . you can be a real creepsome days , you know that ? it 's him . ( smith ) : and inthe cold wind , god said , " every avalanche beginswith one pebble falling , " hitting another stone , then another , " until it becomes a landslide " that wipes away everything that stands before it . " it is a terrible force " that once set in motioncannot be stopped . " an avalanche can be born in snow or rain or fire . " this one must be born in fire , " the fire of rage , " the fire of the human soul " at war with itself sand everything around it , because only fire can fight the coming flood . "
