 Happy , stop that . Hap . What 's with her all of a sudden ? - Don 't you look at my letters . - For God 's sakes . Read ' em and weep , my dear . Seven letters . 50 bonus points . Darren . - Get in the basement . - What are you gonna do ? Just do what I say . I got a gun . Stop . Hey . Sorry . I didn 't mean to scare you . They told me I 'd find you inside . I was out back , talking to the detective in charge . You 're the expert . Everyone 's waiting to hear what you have to say on this . What do we know ? Darren and Evelyn Mountjoy . Married 32 years , three kids , five grandkids . Not an enemy in the world . That 's their dog out front . Neck 's broken . From the footprints in the mud , best guess is we 're looking for two perps . Nothing stolen from the house . Nothing to suggest motive . It all fits a profile , right ? This thing is staged to look like some kind of satanic ritual . Placing victims in a murder-suicide posture is ritualistic . And this word is undoubtedly satanic . " Daemonicus " ? It means " Satan " in Latin . Or daemonicus - demon possession . And it 's worth 50 extra points . That 's why they were posed like this , so we 'd think that these folks were possessed , right ? That would be the textbook explanation . - I 'll let ' em know . - This may be something else . Which is what ? Say anything you want about satanic ritual , but don 't tell me you think the devil did this . Cos we got prints on the lawn out there . This case ain 't even close to being an X-File . Something strange happened in here just before you came in . I can 't explain it . Argh ! What ? Dr Dana ... Scully . I have just been assigned to the Academy as a forensic investigator . For the past eight years I was part of a unit known as the X-Files . - Some of you may have heard of it . - Did you ever slay a vampire ? Sorry to disappoint you , but this is a course in forensic pathology . Hard science . An X-File is a case that has been deemed unsolvable by the Bureau . Because such a case cannot be solved , it may beg other explanations . A vampire , perhaps . Science , however , tells us that evil comes not from monsters but from men . It offers us the methodology to catch these men . And only after we have exhausted these methods should we leave science behind to consider more ... extreme possibilities . What 'd you find ? I asked Agent Scully for her expertise on this . Looks like we can rule out The Exorcist . And why is that ? There 's adhesive residue on Mrs Mountjoy 's wrists and face . Can you see that ? She was taped and bound and then shot at a range of 10-12ft with her husband 's handgun . The husband shot her . He was tricked into it . That 's what we were thinking . Some kind of sick game . Well , there 's also evidence of ... fingerprint bruising along his collarbone . They held him down . - Shot him in his chair . - Again we 're looking for two guys . The snakes appear to be purely symbolic . They 're a nonvenomous species collected locally . They were sewn postmortem into the body cavity with household thread by someone who appears to have surgical skill . You 've made a lot of headway . But there 's something else . There 's something that you 're not saying . When I was alone in that house this morning , I had the strong feeling I was in the presence of evil . Monica , we were called in on this because you 've investigated hundreds of these cases . And not once did I find any evidence of genuine satanic activity . I 'm sayin ' ... I 've never felt this before . Excuse me . John Doggett . Agent Scully , have you ever sensed what I 'm talking about ? I 've felt things that I couldn 't understand . Things I was afraid to admit even to myself . And what did you do ? I learned not to ignore it . To trust my instincts . Yeah . Thank you . What is it ? A mental hospital , a hundred miles from here . They think one of their patients did this . We 're pretty shaken up . We 're trying to determine how he escaped . Why do you think this patient , Kenneth Richman , was involved in these murders ? Dr Richman was committed cos he killed three patients . He sewed strychnine into their stomachs in surgery . When I heard about the snakes ... The police believe two men committed this crime , Dr Sampson . - Two men ? - Any idea who the second man might be ? No . He didn 't exactly keep pen pals . Did Dr Richman display any knowledge of satanic lore or speak of demonic possession ? No . He was perfectly cogent . He didn 't suffer from those kinds of delusions . I 'm not really asking about delusions . When you last spoke to him , did he seem himself ? " Seem himself ' ? Did he display a personality other than his own ? Speak in tongues or in a language he didn 't know ? You 're asking me if he was possessed ? This is the 21st century , Ms Reyes . We stopped looking a long time ago for demons to explain mental illness . I 'm not really talking about mental illness . Excuse me a moment . You know , Monica , a room here just came open . You heard what she said . Dr Richman didn 't know anything about satanic ritual . That proves he was possessed ? Explain how else he commits a crime that 's a perfect example of it . Let 's try the obvious . It was his accomplice . Agents , I think the man you 're looking for might be Paul Gerlack . - Is he a patient here ? - No . He 's a guard . He 's been with us 12 years and no one can find him . Who would be the last person who saw them together ? Mr Kobold ? My name is John Doggett . This is Monica Reyes . We 're with the FBI . The patient in the cell next to yours escaped last night . Did you see or hear anything ? You shared the same guard , Mr Kobold . Do you know anything about their relationship ? Why he would have helped him to escape ? You mean , did the guard force the patient to escape ? Or did the patient force the guard ? Or are they both of one mind ? Like a snake , eating its own tail . You know something about this , Mr Kobold ? If you do , we need your help to stop them before they hurt more people . You 're too late for that . If you 're afraid to help us , Mr Kobold , we can protect you . No harm will come to you . Do you believe in the power of the devil , Mr Doggett ? I believe that the devil 's a story made up to scare people . Then how can you possibly protect me ? Consider the source , Monica . He 's been calling for Agent Doggett for an hour . He 's extremely agitated . Has he said why ? He keeps saying " prince of the apostles " . I don 't know what it means . I had to restrain him . I thought it best not to sedate him till you speak to him . - Mr Kobold , it 's John Doggett . - He 's speaking to me . Whispering in my ear . What 's he saying to you , Mr Kobold ? He 's ... killed again . - Who ? - I don 't know . But I can show you . You can 't know what it feels like , being free of that cage , to see the sky above me . All right , where is he , Mr Kobold ? There . I can take you . That 's far enough . Take him back to his cage now . Agent Reyes ? - Think he 's makin ' it up ? - Yeah . That was a convincing show back there . He 's play-acting . Just cos he 's good at it doesn 't make it true . Then why do it ? He wants some fresh air . Maybe he gets off sending the FBI on snipe hunts . I don 't think that 's it . It 's the security guard . Paul Gerlack . It appears he was shot in the chest . His body was staged postmortem , just like the others . - Someone likes to play games . - Or not . " Prince of the apostles " . Kobold kept repeating it in his cell . Saint Peter . He was said to have been crucified upside down . A symbol adopted by Satanists to mark the power of the Antichrist . You see that as proof the devil possessed the surgeon and put him in touch with Kobold ? It 's part of the literature . He could be a medium , a willing host for Satan , communicating with Kobold . - That 's convenient . - He brought up the devil and the snakes . - No one told him the details , but he knew . - That 's cos he planned it . I pulled his file . This guy 's a master manipulator . He was a professor at the University of Miami , committed for grinding up six co-eds that he tricked into his basement . He used their flesh as fertilizer in his garden . If Kobold 's part of this , why is he still behind bars ? Why not escape when he had chance ? I don 't know yet . You believe this guy , Agent Scully ? I haven 't formed an opinion about it yet , actually . That 's great . Just great . Where are you going , Monica ? This man Kobold can help us , John . I 'm gonna prove it to you . - Professor ... - You found the body . Yes . Professor Kobold , we need your help to find him before anyone else gets hurt . - I can 't . - You can 't or you won 't ? I can 't ... in here . He whispers to me in a thousand voices , but they 're so hard to hear . What can we do to help you hear ? I need a larger room . One with space . And windows to see the sky . You 're not going along with this ? Giving him what he wants ? - That was my general idea . - You 're makin ' a mistake . Even if you 're right , even if this man is faking it , he can help us . I 'm not willing to turn my back on that . Are you ? This is Officer Custer . - He 's gonna keep an eye on you . - I 'm familiar with Officer Custer . I 'm right outside the door if you need anything , Professor . Agent Reyes believes me . But you don 't , Mr Doggett . - It doesn 't matter what I believe . - I 'm wondering ... why a sceptic such as yourself would accept assignment to an obscure unit of the FBI devoted exclusively to the investigating of paranormal phenomena . Been checkin ' up on me , Professor ? Men don 't pursue occupations against their own inclination unless there 's some strong countervailing reason . Agent Reyes may have affection for you , but you for her ? Of course , it could be someone else . Or something else . - Some dark secret from your past . - That 's enough . An unsolved tragedy for which you feel responsible . In some morbid way you haven 't even admitted to yourself , perhaps you feel that chasing ghosts will answer the questions which damn you . I don 't have time for this . Tell me if he says anything . Agent Doggett ? Agent Reyes . Get Agent Reyes . - He 's saying something . - Medicus . Medicus . Physician . Dr Sampson ! John . Dr Sampson ? The syringes contained droperidol , the same anti-psychotic drug she gave Dr Richman . - He 's not the one calling the shots . - You still think that it was Kobold ? This is not about demons . It 's not about demonic possession . It 's about men . Have you considered that something else might be going on ? I heard you say it , Agent Scully . I heard you tell a classroom full of FBI cadets . Most evil in the world comes from men . But I also said that when science fails we have to consider extreme possibilities . I know what you 're feeling . I know your frustration . But you can 't let it cloud your objectivity . Agent Reyes is thinking just what this guy Kobold wants her to think . Now you are too . Professor , are you done with this meal ? I brought you something , Professor . Something to read . It 's a monograph you wrote six years ago . You know the one I 'm talking about ? About the influence of Satan in Renaissance thinking . So you 've found your proof . Circumstantial though it may be . You planned this whole thing . I wanna know why . - I 've been thinking a lot about you . - You 're not answering my question . About why someone so ill-suited would draw this duty . Clearly you have feelings for her . You ordered Dr Richman to kill these people . But you can 't compete with the long-lost Agent Mulder . His easy good looks , his Oxford education ... This is about you . Mulder has what you can 't have . But you stumble toward , the flat-footed cop , thinking he can put handcuffs on a demon . - Answer the question ! - You want her . But she feels sorry for you . They both do . Guard ! Guard , we need a medic ! Guard ! We need a medic ! Guard ! She 's coming . - As far as I can tell , physically he 's fine . - Course he is . What brought this on ? The guy 's an expert in satanic history . I confronted him on it . - Which proves what ? - Come on , Monica . You wanted to know who could stage a textbook example . He wrote the damn book . I can 't explain those voices we heard in his room . Or this . - It 's a trick . - What if it 's ectoplasm ? Ectoplasm ? You 've heard of it , Agent Scully ? Agent Mulder used to call it psychic plasma . A residual by-product of telepathic communication . It would have inorganic properties that couldn 't be explained . What are we talking ? The Ghost Busters ? If I 'm right , analysis of this could prove whether he 's telling the truth . You can throw that crap away , cos I can tell you this guy 's a liar . He 's playing a game . Well , let 's just see how well he plays that game . Why ? So you can get suckered in even more ? Listen to you two . Agent Doggett ... This guy threw this stuff up for our benefit . He knew what you 'd say and what I 'd say . He knew you would be so blinded by this you wouldn 't see what 's in front of your faces . Agent Reyes is just trying to get to the truth , OK ? What are you doing ? Maybe this is a hoax . Maybe you 're right . But you want us to turn away from evidence ? It 's not like you . I don 't understand why . I already told you why . Scully . - I tried to reach you at Quantico . - I 'm on my way back to DC . What is it ? Kobold told the guard he knows where he can find Dr Richman to end this . Where ? That 's just it . It sounds like a joke , another game . It 's a place called Happy Landing . Scully ? - On the State Road 710 , near Annandale . - What are you talkin ' about ? There 's an old marina there . I pass it on my way home . I 'm almost there now . State Road 710 near Annandale . All right . We 're gonna meet you there . Where is she ? I don 't know . But I know who does . - Where is she , Professor ? - Game 's over , Mr Doggett . Tell me where she is right now or I swear I 'll kill you where you sit . You 've lost . Where is she ? - Agent Scully ? - Agent Doggett . Over here . I don 't understand . He held me at gunpoint until you arrived and then he shot himself . It doesn 't make sense . Yes , it does . The game 's over . Joseph Kobold ! Stop there ! I am armed and I will shoot ! Uncertainty . No matter how thorough the investigation , some doubts inevitably remain . Just as juries seek to convict beyond a reasonable doubt , the forensic investigator seeks conclusions supported by a preponderance of evidence . Rarely will you encounter a case where all of the variables , all of the open questions are fully answered . I 'll see you Monday . Have you filed your report on this case yet ? - I was gonna do it on my way home . - We 'd rather you didn 't . We haven 't accounted for Kobold 's actions . Not all of them . Agent Reyes said Kobold found information about us on the Internet . About Mulder too . That explains how he knew we 'd respond to the killings , why he staged them to look like satanic ritual . He wanted us on the case . We know that . He bent everyone to do whatever he wanted . But we know all this already . It was a game . Every move was played out perfectly . - Except the last one . - Unless that was part of the game too . - What ? To get shot in the back ? - No . Kobold 's body still hasn 't been found . Kobold 's dead . Agent Doggett shot him . We all saw that . Did we ? Think back to Agent Reyes 's question . Why didn 't Kobold escape with the others when he had the chance ? Why ? Because he wanted to escape without anybody knowing that he 'd escaped . So that by the time it was discovered , he 'd be too far away for anyone to find him . Satan . Daemonicus : the beginning and end of our case . A snake eating its own tail . We lost . Kobold told me so . He wanted us to see how brilliantly he played the game , how thoroughly we lost . The first victims , Darren and Evelyn Mountjoy . Chosen from the phone book . For what reason ? No reason , other than their names . - And the third victim . - The doctor . Monique Sampson . And the last . The man whose body is at the bottom of that river . It 's not Kobold ? The guard we assigned him . The guard he knew he 'd have once we transferred him . Custer . Checkmate . Something 's still bothering you , Agent Reyes . You don 't believe his explanation ? It all makes sense to me as far as it goes . But there 's something else . Something he 's afraid to explain . You mean that you felt the presence of evil ? No . I mean that he felt it too . I made this !
