 [ Beeping ] JOHN 141 : Molly , do you read ? MOLLY : Affirmative , John 141 . How are you this evening ? MOLLY : I am functional . And you ? Excellent . Can you give me a stat ? MOLLY : Certainly . You are 12 centigrades from level two , at which time You will receive instructions . Mission [ inaudible ] ? MOLLY : Affirmative . This is a peaceful mission . [ Gunshots ] MOLLY : Molly , what 's going on ? MOLLY : I don 't know , John . Good evening , John . The noise you hear is an American space Moduler making a futile attempt to arrive at a sister planet . Your mission , should you decide to accept it , which you will , Is to find the computer which would Disengage the killer ship from blowing The human ship to smithereens . And there 's where it gets good . You only have 200,000 galagtites to find The computer , which , of course , is less than five minutes Human time . Any questions , John ? Is there any human life aboard that spaceship ? Well , of course . [ Laughter ] You 're wasting valuable time , my boy . What 's the code ? The code is 141 . ANNOUNCER : 3 , 2 , 1 , 0 . Ignition , liftoff . We 're just wondering why the levels are so high . Everything 's fine . Molly , where 's the neutralizer ? MOLLY : You have two minutes and 10 seconds Before the US spacecraft is blaster out of existence . Molly , give me a stat . MOLLY : Do you remember that TV series That didn 't get good ratings ? Affirmative . MOLLY : This is what 's left of its cast . Now , that 's what you call a dying career . MOLLY : You have 81 seconds until destruction . Danger . Danger . [ Gunshots ] Level 3 . You have 28 seconds until the ship Is blasted out of existence . [ Beep ] MOLLY : 19 second , John . COMPUTER : Unable to find system component . Reverse the code . He reversed the code . MOLLY : Termination activated ... 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 . No ! MCBRIDE : And that concludes this week 's episode of " Escape " " 2020 , " starring John 141 . What a shame , the entire spaceship automatically Assimilated in a frequency [ inaudible ] Just because John couldn 't deactivate The killer robot ship . Aw , wiped out in the span of seconds . Too bad , John . You can 't win them all . Go away , McBride . Don 't be sore loser , John . The humans had a fighting chance . We won fair and square . Good game . You 're game and their lives . MCBRIDE : Human life is cheap , John . And the television audience out in the collective Loves a good kill , or even a good save ... Whenever you 're lucky , that is . I 'm tired of being the only hope for these innocent planets When you target them for destruction . You forget , John 141 , you have no choice in these matters . " Escape 202 - " is the top rated show in the galaxy . It 's why you were created . It 's why you exist . Fill him in on next week 's episode , Molly . Make it brief , Molly . I 'm tired . MOLLY : You 're a cybernetic frequency organism , John . Tired does not apply to you . I 'm going to recommend a full overhaul for you After this last episode . You 're behaving very strangely . Molly , can I ask you a question ? MOLLY : Proceed , John . May I take you out ? MOLLY : If you wish . Feel better ? Extremely . What 's the next show about , Molly ? MOLLY : Pretty straight forward . Same planet , Earth ... population of roughly six billion ; Carbon based humanoids in the early stages Of industrialization . Your mission , should you decide to accept ... As if I have a choice . MOLLY : Is the usual . You 're the only hope of this planet . The next episode will center around your own individual Survival , and your ability to convince The natives that they are about to be conquered By an alien civilization . Your destination is Paris . JOHN 141 : Ah , France . MOLLY : No , Paris , Tennessee ... Population 10,141 . Established in 1821 ... That would be Earth years . A quaint little town , John . JOHN 141 : And what is this ? MOLLY : A church . A church ? What is a church ? MOLLY : A dwelling place where humans together To engage in what appears to be acts Of speaking , singing , shouting , and in some case , even dancing . This human race is a strange breed . JOHN 141 : Hold . Extreme magnification . Activate audio . Good morning , Lord . How are things in heaven ? I 'm doing fine and so is Dolly . Thank you for the trees , and the bugs , and rocks , The rain and sunshine , and everything else I can 't think of now . And who is the small earthling . MOLLY : An Earth child , relatively young . The rain and the sunshine . JOHN 141 : Who is she communicating with ? And everything else I can 't think now . MOLLY : Insufficient data . Thank you , Lord . Huggies , kissies , and lots of missles . JOHN 141 : Is it possible she 's attempting to communicate On a telepathic wavelength ? MOLLY : Doubtful , John . The children of this world are historically imaginative . Don 't lay this guilt trip on me . You wanted to be a foster parent just as much as I did . Well , how was I supposed to know That they would cut my hours . I mean , our first priority , and I told you this , Is to feed your own kids . Besides , I told you not to get a kid that 's deaf and dumb . She 's not deaf . She just can 't talk . Well , she needs to learn sign language or something . And you ask her a question , and she just looks at you . Makes me feel stupid . WOMAN : That shouldn 't be too hard . MAN : Very funny . WOMAN : The social worker said she Has some sort of psychological hangup , That since her parents died , she had a hard time communicating With sign language . I think we should just be a little more patient . MAN : Well , I said we give her back . Call that social worker lady and tell her . Hey , hey , watch the plates . MCBRIDE : Brilliant . An absolute masterpiece of artistic cinema . Your taste , McBride , is superior . Where did you find these motion pictures ? On planet Earth ... in an ally , in a metal bin They call a dumpster . I believe the humans to be discarding These priceless films . Humans have no taste . Shall we ? We shall . [ Beep ] [ Beep beep ] Very nice . Now to create the antagonists for this week 's episode . What do you think ? Brilliantly cheesy . Thank you . It 's show time . Aw , come on , McBride . You can do better than this . Look on the bright side , John . Last month 's episode , you were wearing a big , black cape . Yeah , well , at least I could fly . Come on , Molly . This Alpha 2 Moon Chick to anyone . Please response . This is Alpha 2 Moon Chick to anyone . Please respond . This is Alpha 2 Moon Chick to anyone . Please respond . Boo ! You make any contact yet ? Are you being sarcastic ? No , I was just wondering if you 've contacted any aliens . Ugh , you 're being sarcastic . Now , what 's there to be sarcastic about , huh ? I mean , I 'm just your typical seminary student Who wants to be a youth pastor . The only problem is the woman that I love speaks to martians . Martians ? Billy , when are you going to step out of the ' 60s And into the year 2000 ? I don 't know . It 's just , I don 't know how God would feel about all of this , And you trying to contact life on another planet . Yeah , well , I 'm not so sure how God views life on this planet . Yip ! JOHN 141 : Give me a read , Molly . MOLLY : Humans call it a barbecue ... a social gathering For the sole purpose of consuming Massive amounts of food . Hey boy . Would you like to have a barbecue sandwich ? God loves you . God is good . Amen . And you know what ? It doesn 't matter who you are , what you are , Or where you 've been , God loves you . And he wants to have communion with each and every one of us . God loves you . WOMAN : You know , in God 's word , John 3 Won 't you join us . WOMAN : That God so loved the world that he Gave his only begotten son . That who so ever believeth on him Shall not die , but shall have everlasting life . And we 're standing on God 's word . Amen . Amen . MOLLY : Let 's not waste time , John . Your orders are clear . Proceed for the radio transmission center , And obtain instructions for this episode . What are all these lights here ? Oh my G ... What ? It 's the indicator light . What 's that ? Hang on . I 'm getting a signal . Molly , I 'm picking up a strange frequency . Can you give me a read ? MOLLY : Negative , John . I cannot identify . Danger . Danger , John . It 's time to return to the studio , John . This is Alpha 2 Moon Chick to anyone . Please respond . [ Side conversation ] MOLLY : Danger , John 141 . Keep your distance . This is an AM signal . I don 't understand it . I 'm still getting a signal . And it 's getting louder . Who is it ? What do you think you 're doing ? What are you doing with that thing ? [ Gunshot ] MCBRIDE : John , you 're beginning to get on my bad side . If you don 't return to the studio within an hour , Consequences will be sever . This atmosphere is very difficult to function in . MOLLY : Affirmative . It is exceptionally rich in nitrogen . Also , You 're getting older . That hurts . MOLLY : You 're doing fine for a three Dimensional humanoid approaching the 10,000 year mark . Besides , you don 't look a day over 25 centuries . Thank you , Molly . MOLLY : John , we have a problem . MCBRIDE : John , either you get to the station For your TV promotion now , or I 'll Blast you out of existence . It 's that simple . You 're forgetting one thing , McBride . Without me , there is no TV show . Oh , John . Do you really think that you 're so indispensable ? Feel free to hurt him . [ Gunshots ] [ Beeping ] Thank you , Molly . The tracking sphere has moved off on a westerly vector , John . There is a 98 % probability factor That more trackers will enter your area During the sphere 's absence . You will have 61 seconds to incapacitate them . Don 't you ever have good news for me ? MOLLY : Your chances of surviving this particular mission Are 1 out of 36 million . Ah , slightly better odds than last time . [ Gunshot ] MOLLY : And the crowd goes wild . And the crowd goes wild ? MOLLY : It is a local colloquialism , Which I downloaded from the language banks . It means that you have just recently Enjoyed a stunning victory . Oh . MOLLY : Bogey at 110 degrees . Give me a read . MOLLY : Affirmative . You are being approached by an earthling . Listen , I just want to observe you . I 've been telling everybody about you for years . Telling who about what ? Telling who about what ? You . Space . You are aliens , right ? I am John 141 . I feel there is nothing alien about me . MOLLY : John , she 's right . From her perspective , we are aliens . Is that for real ? MOLLY : My voice is a series of algorithmic mathematical wave Particles , condensed and magnetically resonated device . A radio signal . A kind of frequency . MOLLY : For a human , she 's quite intelligent . And quite talkative . The tracker is severely damaged . Repair status ? Eight hours . Is that the small creature I observed earlier ? MOLLY : Affirmative . She does not speak ... or should I say , cannot speak . Don 't be afraid , Dolly . He might be the devil . I 'm not a devil . AMY : How did you know what I was thinking ? I can read minds . AMY : Then you must be an angel . Give me a stat on angel . MOLLY : A celestial being ... The opposite of devil . My name is John 141 . AMY : I 'm Amy . And this is Dolly . Hello , Amy . Hello , Dolly . Why can I not get a mind read on Dolly ? MOLLY : Because Dolly is not a human being , not alive ... a toy , Something to enhance the child 's imagination . I knew that . Are you hungry ? MOLLY : You have company , John . It was nice meeting you , Amy . John , you 're really beginning to tick me off . Imagine that I care . Listen , you impotent collection of fuses And frequency modulators . I call the shots around here . I 'm executive producer . And you will do what I say . And if you don 't , I 'll pull the plug . And I don 't just mean pull the plug on you , John . You have no hold on me , McBride . If you don 't get to the station , and get into wardrobe , And do the talk show , I 'll reduce this planet to rubble . And I don 't mean a simulation . I mean , I 'll blow it out of existence With primitive thermonuclear weapons . Even you 're not that twisted to destroy A whole civilization because of a television program . Not just a television program , the top rated television Program in the galaxy . Ratings , dear boy . Ratings ... that 's what it 's all about . Cheer up , John . You may save this world yet . So who 's TV talk show am I doing ? Sil Filler Funk . Sil Filler Funk ? I hate Sil Filler Funk . She 's the most sleaziest talk show Host in the cosmic collective . Smut , plain and simple . Now , get to room B. Oh , and John , be nice . ANNOUNCER : Lady 's and gentlemen , this all that you 've been Waiting for , Sil Filler Funk . And from the cosmic collective , here 's Sil Filler Funk herself . Thank you . Oh , thank you . Good evening , frequency fun pals . And welcome to " Funk Talk Late Night . " Tonight 's guest is the start of " Escape John 141 . " [ Applause ] Welcome , John . Have a seat . How are you tonight , John ? Horrible , Sil . How are you ? Oh , functioning nominally . Thank you . Now , listen , we just heard about that stunning loss On the last episode . That was a close one . I guess you could say that . I mean , that McBride , he 's some mean opponent , isn 't he ? Among other things . Now , tell us , what is your strategy with planet Earth ? Are you going in for the quick kill on this one ? Or is strategy the name of the game for tonight 's episode ? Well , Sil , I haven 't seen this week 's script . But if I have anything to do with it , McBride will be history . Whoa . Hear that folks ? He 's going for the throat on this one . McBride , I would take the first interstellar cruiser back home , And I mean now . John sounds mad . Now , John , recap for us once again , what Happened on that last episode ? I 'll be seeing you later . Hey , John , don 't go . We have a surprise for you . Tell him , Jay . OK , Sil . Hey , John , have we got a bonus play for you tonight . You get to fight ... find to the death with none other Than Dr. Death himself . Yeah , and if I don 't ? Oh , well , if you don 't , that would be a pity . Hey , Jay , tell John what he 'll get if he Doesn 't play tonight 's game ? Well , Sil , if John doesn 't play tonight 's game , He will get blood on his hands . And whose blood will that be , Jay ? Let 's take a look , Sil . My name is Jenny Alexander . And I 'm 13 years old . I 'm in the eighth grade at Richmond Junior High . My favorite sports are volleyball and swimming . I want to be a nurse when I grow up so I can help people . She 's cute , John . I 'd hate to see her go . OK , McBride . You win . [ Tire screech ] [ Gunshots ] [ Explosion ] [ Cheering ] Hey , that was a good game , and a lot Of fun for this week 's show . Well , we 've got to go now . But we 'll see you tomorrow night when my guest Will be Wanda Wireless . We 'll be talking with her about her new hit TV series , " Space Cadet ... Sally and Her Wild Women on Mars . " Well , I 've got to go now . But before I do , here 's a special offer for all You cool cosmic collectives . Tell them , Jay . Hey , kids . If you 'd like to join the Sil Filler Funk fan club , Now 's your big chance . Just write to Sil Filler Funk fan Club , Cosmobox 4,000,000,000,003 Dipperwood Way Collective . If you order now , you 'll recieve , Absolutely free , a frequency video entitled " The Flozzy . " [ Applause ] See you tomorrow , all you " Late Night Funk " Pals ... Same light year , same galaxy . [ Clapping ] Congratulations , John . You worked your way out of that one quite nicely . No thanks to you , McBride . But now it 's time to return to the station For our original episode of " Escape 2020 . " No chance . Perhaps you 're going to need some convincing . [ Gasp ] Slow reflexes , John . [ Grunting ] So you still haven 't learned your lesson yet . [ Grunting ] I 'll see you at the studio , John . We 've just received the latest Orion ratings . Ah . We 've dropped ? Number two ? I won 't have it . Research ? Research show that John 141 's ratings have dropped . He lost frequency appeal . Appraisal ? Appraisal shows the following . [ Music playing ] What is this ? It 's called a music video . I think the collective will love it . DJ ( ON RADIO ) : Hey , and that was John Doggy John with his new hit record , " Renegade , " on WDBL . Hey fans , we 've got the weather for you . And it 's going to be hot , hot , hot here in music land . Hi . Have you seen a guy in a black leather jacket ? Trouble ? What 's he done now ? The sphere has been examined and the memory chip is missing . Missing ? When John disabled the sphere , we lost contact with him . In those few moments , he removed the chip . The chip is our lifeblood . Without John 's knowledge of the chip 's location , Every episode will be lost . What if he won 't give us that information ? Then we 'll kill him . Then what happens to the series ? This will be the final episode , ending with John 141 Being terminated on Earth . MAN : Order of the light . Annointed one . John . John . John . John . Mary . John . MAN : Annointed one . Mary ! MOLLY : You were having that same signal malfunction again , John . It 's not a signal malfunction , Molly . MOLLY : Of course it is , John . It 's probably a bad [ inaudible ] . Give me a read on Earth 's religious status . MOLLY : Be more specific , John . A publication , an association . MOLLY : I can give you a particular document some humans Use in religious ceremonies . Basic instruction before leaving Earth . MOLLY : The Bible . Research . MOLLY : As you wish . It is divided into two sections , Humans refer to them As the Old and New Testament . It contains 52 writings humans call books . Which one would you like to see , John ? Read . Freeze . MOLLY : What a coincidence . There is your name John . Give me a read on John 141 . MOLLY : Would that be John chapter 1 , verse 41 , Or John chapter 14 , verse 1 . How about both ? MOLLY : John Chapter 1 , verse 41 ... " And they came to him " And said , we have found the anointed one . " " And the light shines in the darkness . And the darkness did not comprehend it . " MOLLY : John chapter 14 , verse 1 ... " Do not be worried or upset . " Believe in God . " And believe also in me , said the Messiah . " Anointed one . Messiah . Who is this God ? MCBRIDE : John , you naught frequency . You failed to inform us that you had removed the chip . Well , see , that 's what happens to us frequencies , McBride . When we get old , we forget . Where 's that chip , John . I don 't remember . [ Grunt ] Where 's that chip , John ? You 're really beginning to tick me off . Yeah , no kidding . MOLLY : Affirmative , John . Affirmative , John . Affirmative , John . AMY : I 'm Amy . This is Dolly . MOLLY : Affirmative , John . Affirmative , John . Affirmative , John . AMY : I 'm Amy . MOLLY : Affirmative . Affirmative . I cannot identify . Danger . Danger . Danger , John . You can 't do that , John . You have circuit damage . You won 't last more than 20 minutes . What 's this ? Is this a person standing in light right here ? Mm-hmm . How come you don 't talk ? Can you talk ? What do you have in your hands . Where did you get this ? MOLLY : Affirmative . Affirmative . Negative , John . Danger . I 'm looking for a chip . Must be pretty important to you . Run , Amy . Prepare to die . Prepare to die . [ Gunshot ] Why don 't you pick on someone your own frequency . [ Gunshot ] [ Gunshots ] [ Inaudible ] [ Gunshot ] Is he gonna live ? I think not . [ Pop ] You love him , don 't you ? Love ? Yes , you know ... Affection , need , wants . We are frequencies . We have no needs or wants . I believe ever creature has the capacity to love . Well , I 'm really tired . I 'm gonna get some sleep . Amy , honey , don 't you want to get some sleep ? Dear God , please help Mr. John . I know you can . I 'll pay you back someday . If I 've earned any points with you , give them to Mr. John . In Jesus name , amen . His frequency is back . [ Heartbeat ] I can 't understand this . It shows his circuits are restored , And he 's maintaining frequency . I was worried about you , John . Molly ? I 'll be right back . I 'm just going outside to check the external detector . I had a vision . Thank you . Thank God . Who is this God ? So that I may thank him . I have no God , I 'm frequency . What is frequency ? Frequency is something that exists . But you can 't see it . God exists too . But you can 't see him . When I was a little girl , I always Dreamed of going to Hollywood and becoming a movie star . Little did I know . Who does this guy , McBride , think he is ? McBride is the number one producer in the collective . I mean , every show he 's ever created has gone cosmic . Don 't you think he carries things to extremes ? I mean , after all , movies and TV , they 're only entertainment . In the collective , entertainment Is all that matters . Yeah , well , I guess Nielson wouldn 't Disagree with them on that . It wasn 't always this way . There was a time long ago when the collective had a direction , A purpose , freedom . What happened ? Our cosmic system was infected with the radiation Mel-frequency . We are pure frequency . You would identify it as the FM signal . Wait a minute . You 're a stereo , an FM signal . That 's not my CV was irritating ... Because it 's an AM signal . And you 're FM . And you 're not compatible . And that 's how McBride keeps the collective in his grip . You see , first , he infected the minds of our young frequencies . Then he just let the cosmos run its course . And before we knew it , the collective Was addicted to the very thing it despises ... violence . So protect your young before it 's too late . Don 't worry about Amy . She 's got a mind of her own . She was up all night praying over John . Why did she pray ? She prays to God . And who is God ? God is love . Hm , love . I like love . And I like your God . He 's not my God . He 's everyone 's God . Yours too if you just believe . [ Meowing ] John , I 'm so glad you 're restored . This is something that you might be interested in . Where did you find this ? Amy had it . In fact , I better check on her . How do you like it ? I like it . But then again , you 're talking to a collectite Who just lost all frequency . Why , Molly ? You knew that once you transformed , You could never go back . I knew . Amy 's gone . ALL : Amy ? MOLLY : Amy ? JOHN 141 : Amy ? MCBRIDE : [ laughter ] Where is she , McBride ? MCBRIDE : She 's safe and sound . Well , not really safe . But now , she 's sound . I want that chip . I want the girl . MCBRIDE : Then give me the chip . Thank you , John . You promised . MCBRIDE : [ laughter ] Sorry John . I guess you forgot . This is network television . Everyone lies . I 'm going to kill you , McBride . I 'm going with you , John . Then both of use get terminated . Go back to the ship , Molly . I guess you forgot ... for me there is no going back . I 'm already terminated . If I 'm lucky , I have another six hours . I have an idea . JOHN 141 : For this to work , we have exactly 500,000 galagtites To make connection after entering the sensory zone . What is that in Earth time ? Seven minutes . Otherwise , the alarm will sound and McBride Will shut down the brain , disallowing connection . Now , we 're going to enter through the side . And in this area , the brain is located . And I believe Amy to be here . Once we get to the brain area , you 'll Have approximately 300,000 galagtite ... five Earth Minutes to make connection . I won 't make the connection until you And Molly are with me . It 's the only soundproof room in the whole facility . Your mission is to make the connection . And you won 't be harmed by the signal . But the two of you will be killed by the signal . On your planet , you have a thing called faith . What good is having faith if you don 't use it ? Hello , my dear . I trust that you 're comfortable and content . I brought you something . I knew you left your other behind . So I brought you a new friend . You know , where I come from , television , as you know it , Is quite popular . And well , I do a lot of programming . You see , I have a show that I think you Would be marvelous to star in . It 's about a little girl who goes to different galaxies To help people . It 's a very nice show . And it would make you a star of the universe collective . Oh , I see . You 're worried about the compensation . Well , I can understand that . I am prepared to pay you $ 4,225,000 Earth dolalrs ... US currency , of course . And you 'll be contacted with my studio for five years With five one-year options . Just think , you 'll be a star . You 'll be rich . And you can have anything in life that you want . So you know . For generations , I fooled galaxies , But not a little girl . Well , you 'll never live to tell it . Do you understand me ? I 'm going to blow this planet and it 's civilization Into the pits of hell . Goodbye , my little one . You have 5 minutes and 32 seconds to make connection . WOMAN : We have over 2 / 3 of the population of Earth Subscribing to our network . MCBRIDE : In a few days , we will have Control of the entire world . WOMAN : A sensor ? A chip of code embedded in the hand . The TV cannot be activated without it . But what if they do not take the chip ? No TV . Bring her in . This is our young one who has not Had television for 48 hours . Once you 're addicted it 's too late . Take her out . Maybe another 3 minutes . Very good . That 'll make for a great show . Ah , come on , John . Wait , what is that ? The sensory zone has been activated . Someone 's in the building . Where is she ? John , you take everything so personal . She 's only human . Besides , she safe ... In the pits of hell . I 'm going to kill you , McBride . [ Groans ] Location . [ Scream ] If there is a God , and you do exist , I need your help . Where is she ? GOD : John , trust in me with all thine heart . Lean not onto thine own understanding . In all thy ways , acknowledge me , and I will direct your path . I believe . She 's in the tomb . John ? [ Scream ] Who is it ? JOHN 141 : It 's me , John . Is she OK ? She 'll be all right . Where 's Molly ? I don 't know . I haven 't seen her . John , wait . Where are you going ? Whatever you do , don 't turn off that AM signal . If you go out there , you 'll die . Promise me . I promise . And you take care of her . No . No , it 's OK . I won 't hurt you . Help me , please . Do not be worried or upset , said the Messiah . Believe in God . And believe also in me . Do you believe ? Mary ? I was taken up . [ Grunt ] So now you know . The rapture . Yes . The chosen . But that was in the future , John ... what might have been . But now , John , they will all be mine forever . But you , John , you are mine . Like all the rest of the souls in existence . And they said him , we have found the anointed one . Yes . And now , it is time for the crucifixion . So , John , do you want to turn the other cheek now ? [ Gunshot ] John , I believe . Molly . Amy , come here . Everything 's going to be OK . But I need you to stay with me and hold my hand , OK ? All right . Come on . [ Screaming ] Amy , no ! Amy , no ! You were right , Amy . I do have a soul . And the Messiah is Lord . I feel funny . Amy , you spoke . ANNOUNCER ( ON TV ) : Six men chosen To go on an impossible mission . Thomas Vicker , Sergeant ... Communication and demotions Expert . [ Inaudible ] , medic . [ Gunshots ] Brown , weapons and language master . [ Gunshots ] [ Inaudible ] , specialist , transportation , armory . Antonio ... cook , torture specialist , and general . [ Gunshots ] ANNOUNCER ( ON TV ) : Only one man can lead them ... A man turned renegade by the senseless murder Of his wife and daughter . Attention , time for lunch . Line up single file to the trays . Aw , come on . Earth to children . Do you read ? Carly ... quickly , quickly . Carly ... quickly , quickly . Come on , Ross . Lunch is getting cold . Amy , honey , do you want something to eat ? No , ma 'am . Miss Clay ! Miss Clay ! They 're here ! They 're here ! Oh , now , Amy dear , I know you 're Really excited about your potential adoptive parents . But remember , this is only a trial . If at any time they should change their minds , They can bring you back . And I just don 't want you to get hurt . Don 't worry , Miss Clay , I won 't be back . Well , you sound so sure . I am . God said this is the right family . Amy , now sometimes our imaginations Are so strong that we can create our own world , our own God . If we created our own God , then who creates us ? Oh . Hi , Amy . Hi , Mother . How about you call me Mom ? OK ? OK , Mom . And how about calling me Dad , huh ? OK , Dad . How 's my girl ? Good . Amy , we need to go finish packing your suitcase . I 'll help you , Amy . I 'll meet you guys out at the car , huh ? MAN ( ON TV ) : Hello , boys and girls . I hope you 're enjoying this morning 's Feature , " Kill Them Dead , " one of my personal favorites . Stay tuned to find out how you can order your own copy Of " Kill Them Dead . " But first , I must discuss a serious problem with you . I have in my hand several letters from some of you Whose parents are , well , old fashion , And seem to think that my network 's Programming is too violent and full Of explicit fleshly content . Well , wake up , Mom and Dad . It 's the new world millennium . It 's time to loosen up . Your kids aren 't stupid . They know what good programming is all about . My network is at the top of the rating thanks to the kids . So loosen up . And let your hair down . After all , it 's only entertainment . It 's too late , parents . Nothing can stop me now . You want to bet ?
