 If our gods and our hopes are nothing but scientific phenomena , then it must be said that our love is scientific as well - " L 'Eve Future " Repo 202 calling air traffic control . We 've arrived over the site . Now starting data-relay . what 's the situation ? 52 Minutes ago , the suspect killed the owner of an apartment . That 's the first murder site . Then , the suspect ran away . The suspect then killed two cops in this unregistered alley , which is the second murder site , and is now hiding there . We 've sealed all exits and we 're planning on going in in two minutes . That 's a cyborg from Section 9 . Nothing good ever comes from messing with those guys . Seems like Denkei wants to get involved . They 're asking for a data link . First the police , then the Denkei ... Politely ask them to leave . Help me . So far there have been eight murders by robots . In each case , after killing their owners , the robots erased their own brains and destroyed themselves . The body in question is made by Locus Solus Company . Type 2050 Hadaly . It 's a beta mass production model for an evaluation test . It seems it was loaned to the beta testers under contract for free . But now all the machines have been recalled . According to the latest report submitted to us , There is no problem in the hardware , nor in the software . You got all that ? The new robots go out of control without any known reason , and attack their owners . The manufacturer recalled these machines in a panic . What 's left is : the usual lawsuit from the victim 's families ; Long civil suits over how much of the responsibility is actually theirs . And how much compensation they might have to fork out . I think I understand everything , except why Section 9 is getting involved in this . What do you mean , ' understand ' ? People can 't ever know they understand something . They can only hope that they understand . Now there are 2 reasons for Section 9 's intervention : First , none of the victims ' families have taken any legal action thus far . They 've always opted to settle out of court . Second , one of the victims is a politician , and one a retired police officer . As long as there 's a possibility that this is a terrorist act , it 's our job to investigate whether Section 9 should get involved . Ishikawa and Azuma are in charge of investigating the victims . You two investigate the robots . No questions , just go . I want to tell you , I did not volunteer for this job . I know that I 'm not as good as the Major . It 's not like that . They 've still got her listed as Missing In Action . All she ever possessed were her brains and her ghost anyway . Even if she doubted either one ever existed . Her body and brain just belonged to the government . Even the classified information in her memory belonged to the government . All they want is to reclaim her memory , regardless of whether she 's dead or not . So , where shall we start ? Locus Solus is located to the far north , But let 's start our investigation in the precinct , since it 's nearby . 3014 , we have a code 208 . Please provide back up for 2033 ... It 's you ... About the robot this guy destroyed yesterday ... Two of our young men got killed , Don 't tell me you 're taking over this case . We 're here to decide whether or not Section 9 will take over . Forensics is on the right side at the end of the 19th floor hallway . Need me to show you the way ? No , thanks . It 's not like I 'm a tourist here . An unripe fruit attracts no birds ... they only come when it becomes sweet . When you were a cop , didn 't you also talk back to guys Who came out of nowhere and tried to take over this case ? That 's why I lost it . It was like looking back at a younger me . " What 's the point of blaming the mirror if you don 't like what you see ? " " The mirror is not a tool for realizing the truth , but for obscuring it . " Both our faces aren 't meant for mirrors . Why do you keep coming back ? I 'm not going to cooperate . I 'll have you detained if you persist . I am Togusa from Section 9 of the police . This scary looking man here is ... The guy who blasted this girl with a double-nought buck . If only you had used a .50 caliber hollow point , we could have recovered the robot easily . Two of the three victims were police officers . She tried to commit suicide before getting shot didn 't she ? What was that about suicide , uh ... ? Halloway Miss Halloway , what was that about a suicide ? The robots somehow gained permission to hurt people . Therefore , they must end their lives as a result of conflicts with the third law . Protect your own existence , as long as such protection does not harm humans . Technically , I think you should call it self-destruction . If you wish to underline the difference between human and machines . Is the self-destruction phenomena particular to a specific model ? I can 't say that 's completely correct . These last few years , the number of robot-related incidents has been rising sharply . Most noticeably in PetBot models . What 's the cause ? Viral or micro organism infection in the nervous system , man-made mistakes during production , ageing parts ... It could be many reasons , but ... But what ? People throw robots away when they don 't need them anymore . They keep buying new products every time a new model comes out . Some of the scrapped ones become vagrant and they deteriorate without maintenance . The only thing a robot desires is not to be disposed of . No way ... When people think , ' Humans are different from robots ' , it is no more profound than thinking 'white is not black ' . While this may not be the case for industry robots , the androids and gynoids as PetBots , at least , were built free from utilitarianism and pragmatism . Why are they human-shaped ? Why did they need to be made in the image of the ideal human body ? I wonder why humans devote so much effort into making something similar to themselves . Have you got any kids ? One daughter Children stray from the human norms . That is , if you call ' human ' the thing that has established a self , and that acts according to its conscience . What is a child ? An initial phase of human being who loves without any concept of human norms ? Obviously the content of a child is different from that of a human , and yet children are human shaped . The doll a girl uses to play house with is not a substitute for an actual baby , nor is it a tool for practicing parenting . Playing with dolls and parenting might just be similar . What are you talking about ? In other words , parenting is a quick method to realize the ancient human dream : to create an android . Mind you , that 's just my opinion . Kids are ... not dolls ! Descartes didn 't distinguish between humans and machines or the organic world and the inorganic world . when his daughter died at the age of five , he found a doll that looked just like her . He named her Francine , and he doted on her . That 's the way the story goes . Why don 't we talk about something more concrete ? What can you tell me about that robot from Locus Solus , the Type 2052 ' Hadaly ' ? Well ... It 's a high quality product . I hear that the body is a mass produced beta version , but it seems to have received a special configuration . Special configuration ? It 's equipped with organs that are not necessary for the maid functions . What do you mean ? It 's a sexdroid . It 's not an option most people want to publicize , but it 's not illegal . No wonder the families settled out of court . The memory is reformatted when the robot stops functioning . This is a normal procedure by the manufacturer to protect the technical information of the software . But ... But what ? A file was left in the sound buffer . Do you want me to play it ? Help me ... Thanks a lot . Hey ... I hesitate to ask such a thing , but ... I have never given birth , nor raised a child and I 'm not registered with an ovum bank . Thank you very much , Miss ... Halloway . You don 't need to add 'Miss ' or ' Mrs ' . That woman didn 't seem like the technical type . She 's the type who would add her opinions in the ' Extra Info ' fields . I used to do that often too . That 's why you didn 't get promoted . Anyway , we 'll get that robot 's brain at Section 9 's laboratory . We 're not going to see her again ? Is she your type ? To tell you the truth , I happen to like older women . What 's next ? Let 's just stick to the routine . Starting with the shipment inspector ? 09 calling 907 . We have a 602 at the boathouse in area 201 . The victim is a Locus shipment inspector . The site was secured 2 minutes after the precinct 's arrival . 907 roger . What good timing . " Spring Day . Taking the carriage back and forth , Between this world and hereafter . " What ? Just you ? Koga brought the stiff to the coroner after ' re-encountering ' his tuna-sandwich dinner . That wuss ... That 's the situation 22 minutes ago . You made the new guys clean this up ? They 've got to learn one day . Let 's go over the situation . We 've identified the victim 's brain . Head of shipment inspection for Locus . Jack Walkerson . 54 years old . He disappeared after applying for leave five days ago . He rented this boathouse three days ago , for one week . The used weapons are kitchen equipment . We 've investigated vehicles around the site . There was a parking record for a car whose owner has a criminal record . We 're looking into the possibility of mafia involvement . We 've found seven cards in the victim 's jacket . We 're trying to pull up the records for each one . Well , well ... A .38 caliber pistol , model 2602 . Seems like he didn 't have the chance to use it . It wouldn 't have made a big difference with this type of gun . Looks like a ' cyborg with illegally high output ' ... Perhaps a professional impersonating a psycho . 969 calling 906 . We will arrive in 20 seconds . Hey , what are you doing with the ... I 'm not messing it up . Let 's leave the rest to Forensics . 907 calling 09 . We 're leaving the site to 969 . 09 Roger . Today is my daughter 's birthday . Do you have any family ? I 'll drive you back . I 'm going in the opposite direction . Ishikawa ? Me too . A daughter 's birthday has priority , huh ? Looks like fun in here . It 's rare for you to come in person . I came because parts of the stiff are missing . I 'll leave it up to you then . Have fun . Why don 't you leave it up to the local precinct ? The old man is really into this case . We found it . They 're in different containers in the fridge . Heart , liver , kidney and pancreas . What a meticulous bastard . The fresh type by Inumara foods ? It 'll last half a year if you dry it . You call this food ? I hear you 're teaming up with Togusa . I think it 's better than teaming up with a rookie , fresh out of training . He 's good , for a former cop . I don 't have any complaints about him . Well , only the Major could compare to you . Hey ... - Ishikawa , you talk too much these days . See you . - Batou . What ? Just dry it . It 's a wise choice , considering the nutrition balance . The cause of death is rupture of the cervical vertebrae . The kitchen knives were not the murder weapon , but the suspect used them to dissect the body . You mean the suspect deliberately cut him up after killing him ? Seems like it . The organs stored in the fridge are confirmed to be the victim 's . There are early symptoms of gastritis and cirrhosis . He seems to have been an alcoholic . Why did the killer dissect the body ? Could be a sadistic killer , or someone trying to impersonate one . He was emphasizing the intent to punish or extract revenge . Then it 's highly unlikely that he 's a professional impersonating a psycho . What about the twisted doorknob ? According to the analysis , the suspect has an artificial limb , like the NR26 model from China . AKA ' Crab Pinchers ' . That 's military grade , isn 't it ? You can find inferior copies on the black market . It matched with the lacerations on the neck , by the way . What about the car owner with a criminal record ? It was hard to investigate , because the owner had it modified at several different shops , so ... Just give us the bottom line . After cross-referencing with the nearby parking record , we 've found that the car belongs to a violent organization , Koujinkai . Bullet proof ... Chassis and rear dampeners were reinforced ... It was seen at the scene of the crime several times earlier . This model is popular amongst cyborgs . In other words , amongst thugs with illegal output ratings . Maybe it 's the Mafia 's revenge ? The question is their motive . What do we know about this ' Koujinkai ' ? They 're a longstanding faction of the Japanese Mafia . They deal in drugs , prostitution , gambling , slave trafficking , real estate extortion , and just about everything else . Their boss , Inoue , was killed by the Halady robot three days ago , and now this Wakabayashi guy is taking over . It 's obvious then . The successor always revenges the death of the predecessor . There 's just one problem ... If the victim was expecting the revenge , Then why did he hide precisely where the Koujinkai lurk ? The data in the brain was erased , so I guess we have no choice but to investigate the victim further . Could it be terrorists impersonating out-of-control robots ? At this point , there is no political connection between the victims . The possibility of terrorism is low . We will transfer full jurisdiction of the Halady case . to Batou and Togusa . The rest of you , return to your regular duties . Dismissed . Togusa . Come see me before you leave . What do you think ? For now , we can investigate the connection between Koujinkai and Locus . I mean about Batou . It 's a standard procedure for one to check up on the psychological tendencies of his partner . But I am neither a cyborg , nor a computer-neurologist . " One need not to have been Caesar in order to understand Caesar . " You have a family , right ? Are you happy these days ? Yes ... I guess ... Most people are neither as happy nor as unhappy as they imagine . What 's important is not to get fed up with living and lose hope . What do you mean ? Looking at him these days reminds me of the Major before she disappeared . " Let one live alone , committing no evil , being carefree , like a Matanga elephant , roaming at will in the forest . " Director , why did you choose me ? Because the Major recommended you from the precinct . What was that about ? " One need not to have been Caesar to understand Caesar " , he said . That 's true . The world can 't afford to live up to the standard of heroes . Are you trying to start a war or something ? You don 't have to be a Mafioso to enter the Mafia 's den , but you have to carry a weapon . Hey , I want to make sure , before we leave ... Make sure what ? We 're just going to listen to their story , right ? Don 't you like the Mafia ? I hate them . Me too . Just listen to them , nothing more , okay ? I told you , to enter the Mafia 's den you don 't have to be a Mafioso . But you also said you need a weapon . I have a family ! I could go alone . I 'm going with you . I 'm your partner . Just promise me . We will just listen to them , we will try our best not to do any shooting . Satisfied ? Fine . Then let 's go , partner . What do you want ? I need to talk to Wakabayashi . Bring him here . You said you 'd try not to shoot . I did try my best . Point man , go . New ones are coming . An image ? He hacked our eyes ? Blame your second grade brains . What 's up ? Narrow and dark stairs . How should we do this ? Wait for my signal . I 'll go first . I 'll go . You 're too big to back up quickly . Your little gift exploded right above my head . Even if they had exploded with the maximum effect , there 's no way you can kill an armored cyborg with just 2 grenades . Are you mocking me ? Tell me . Not just about the murder of the head shipment inspector , but also about the connection with Locus Solus . I was hoping for a good fight . Come on , crab shit . You don 't look that tasty , but I 'll give you a shot . There 's no way you could have hit me with a power move like that , idiot . They said they would tell where the head of shipping inspection was , so we made a deal . I just came out of prison after three years ! I have no idea what my predecessor was doing with that company . Still alive , partner ? I had a vision of my wife and daughter 's face filling my mind ... That 's not your wife or daughter . That 's ' Death ' . I said that you had full jurisdiction , not that you could enforce the law without following proper procedures , let alone raid the Mafia 's den . This city is not a jungle . And you are not Special Force hit men either . Are you still angry ? I 'm not angry . It 's just ... I hesitated to say this after you 've saved my life ... but when I team up with you ... No matter how many lives I have , it won 't be enough , I 'm sure . We 've got full responsibility for this investigation . We 'll go nowhere unless we take the initiative . If there 's evidence against Locus Solus , it 's up to us to find it . But did you have to do it guns blazing ? If the old man were really mad , we would have been fired by now . Stop here . See you . You stepped into a kill zone . Don 't modify that right arm by yourself or anything . There have been reports of newer versions of the control software conflicting with your shooting software and causing malfunction . In that case , I 'll reformat it . Hey , where 's the rest of my original ? Don 't do it . The organic material of that arm is matched with your DNA . If I use it , it 'll be just like my original , huh ? Ouch ! Hold on , dammit ! You brought me my dog . That means ... We broke into your love nest . When I imagined it crying , or hungry , covered in shit , waiting for the master who doesn 't come back , I feel bad for the little fella . I might not look like it , but I like this dog . I kept it in my home for one night . My daughter was happy , but my wife was pissed , because the carpet got dirty . How long were you watching me ? That doesn 't really matter . It does matter ! You freaking used me as a screen ! You 're the sucker who didn 't realize it . If you blame it on someone , blame it on the old man . Is it a clone ? Buying an original is expensive , right ? This clone comes from the first dog to be hybridized by artificial insemination . It 's not like you to be ghost hacked so easily . You let your guard down , because your life became routine . That 's why I told you to dry it . That 's her favorite . In this neighborhood , I can get it only in that store . You were like a puppet , completely under control . After shooting yourself in the arm five times , you were about to kill the old man in the store . Even with your guard down , there aren 't many guys out there who can hack a brain like yours . Besides the Major , that is . Why didn 't he just blow my head off right away ? Because he doesn 't want to kill you , but to cause a scandal . You made a raid upon the Mafia 's den and you ended up sending about 10 men to either heaven or the hospital . The same day , you started shooting in a grocery store . People can 't help but think that you went nuts , or your AI went mad . Wait , do you mean this attack was not just an accident ? If we get out of this now ... The meaning of Section 9 will be in question . If she was here , she would have said that . A message from the old man : " Keep investigating " . However , from now on , unless we find some concrete evidence ... there 's not going to be any official support from the team . We have no choice but to hit Locus Solus . There 's no better way to keep the plan top secret than to act swiftly . He tells you to fly to the far north immediately . Just the two of us ? You two are not enough ? No , but ... what about the dog ? Precisely ! It 's out of the question to have a dog with this profession . Even worse , you 're single . Who 's going to take care of her if you die ? You guys take care of that damn mutt . This used to be the biggest information integration city in the east . It was in full flourish . That 's Etorofu Economic Special Division . This huge group of towers is all that remains of the ruins . They took advantage of weak national supremacy ... and now it 's a nest of multinational corporations and the criminal organizations they employ . It has become a lawless zone , outside of UN Netpolice and ASEAN Telecom jurisdiction . " What the individual creates is an expression of the individual , just as the individual is an expression of its genes . " You mean like a beaver 's dam or a spider 's nest ? More like a coral reef created by zoanthariae . Well , it 's not that beautiful , I guess . The essence of life is the information that spreads through genes . Society and culture are also nothing but huge memory systems . The city is a huge external memory device after all . " How great is the sum of them ! If I should count them , they are more in number than the sand . " Old Testament , Psalms , Chapter 139 , huh ? If you can recall words like that in an instant , the expression form of your memory is probably a bit biased . You 're one to talk . Sorry for the interruption , but we are nearing the Locus Solus HQ . We took a detour just for you , so take a good look at it . The sight-seeing tour is over . Now preparing to land . " Thick as autumnal leaves that strow the brooks ... in Vallombrosa , where the Eutrain shades high over-arched embower . " Now it 's Milton , huh ? But we are not Satan . Batou . You talk big now , huh ? Where did you learn to talk big enough to address me without the proper respect ? I haven 't forgotten the favor you did for me ! " I don 't have to remember because I never forget " , huh ? Forgive me , Mister Batou ! I 'm too good to be addressed with just ' Mister ' by you . Please forgive me ! I promise I 'll remember this favor forever ! You know this Kim , right ? I don 't know anyone like that . No , many people have that name . There 's only one Kim I 'm looking for . We need trust in this line of business . " There are two kinds of trust : Keeping secrets , and keeping promises " . You can 't do both . Which kind is your trust ? They also say : " Without secrets , there is no promise " ! I 'll ask it again You know the Kim guy , right ? No , I don 't know anyone with such a name . " Life and Death come and go , like puppets on a stage . When the string breaks , the puppet falls apart . " And ? He used to be a long distance scout for the Army . " If you can 't go on top of people , or go below people , you deserve to fall on the roadside . " That 's him in a nutshell . He drifted from Special Forces to electronic Forces and so on . He got a bad reputation , because he smuggled weapons and contraband . In the end , he settled down as hacker , like most of these types . Amazing background , isn 't it ? " No matter how far a jackass travels , it won 't come back a horse . " He ruined himself , as I expected because of his personality . He 's just an idiot . Let 's go . Batou , he 's in the study on the top floor . We are too late . He probably tried to hide underground somewhere . He got his brain burnt out by an offensive firewall . In any case , he wouldn 't have been much help like this . " As a testament , I rigidly ask you not to donate living flowers , artificial flowers , or ' White Dove Releases ' , it says . Hey ! " When you sleep alone , you should never look miserable like a corpse " . Confucius says you should not sleep like a corpse . I don 't have time to deal with your trashy joke . Long time no see . Last time we met was the landing operation in Nemuro . I 'm here on business . Locus Solus , huh ? They started as a robot manufacturer pretty late , but they expanded the business rapidly after concentrating on developing and producing high-class robots . Rumor is , they have close ties with politicians , high level government officials , and even criminal organizations . They placed their production line on their multinational-registered plant ship , anchored off-shore , because they were fearful of the local authorities . Their robots are supposed to be pretty good . Good enough to murder and commit suicide in the end , huh ? If that 's true , it 's a tactless story . I can 't understand people that try to put a soul into a doll and imitate a human . If there were such a thing as a truly beautiful doll , it would be flesh and blood , but without a soul . A corpse , close to collapsing , yet standing precariously at its precipice . Is that the reason for you to transform yourself into a pure AI ? Humans are inferior to robots in their appearance and movement . Even in their existence . The inomniscient nature of Human 's perception , causes the incompletion of reality ... how complete this species is ; Either they don 't have a consciousness , or they acquire the infinite consciousness . In other words , it can be realized only by robots and by God . Why don 't we talk business now ? No ... There 's one other existence that can compare to robot and God . Animals ? Shelley 's Lark is full of deep unconscious joy . Joy that creatures with strong self-consciousness , like us , can never feel . For the offsprings of those who devour the fruit of perception , it 's more difficult than becoming God . They have no choice but to pretend to be dead by becoming dolls . Is that why ? " While you do not know life , how can you know about death ? " So says Confucius . Humans that understand death are rare . " We usually do not suffer death by choice , but rather by stupidity and custom " . In other words , humans die because they can 't help dying . But dolls of flesh and blood live knowing death is a given . That 's why Kim chose to turn himself into a robot completely . And ? He drifted from Special Forces to electronic Forces and so on . He got a bad reputation , because he smuggled weapons and contraband . In the end , he settled down as hacker , like most of these types . Amazing background , isn 't it ? " No matter how far a jackass travels , it won 't come back a ... " What 's wrong ? Let 's go . Batou ! " In this month , today , I have passed away happily . Please advertise this publicly . " Hey ! You feel really disgusted , don 't you ? I can understand that . The doubt whether that what looks alive is actually alive ... Contrarily , the doubt whether things without life might be alive ... The reason why dolls are creepy is that dolls are models of humans , and it means they are nothing but humans themselves . The fear that humans might merely be the sum of simple clockwork tricks and substances ... in other words , the fear of the phenomenon called ' human ' ... essentially belongs to vanity . come on , let 's talk business . The science that tried to explain the phenomenon called ' life ' ... played a role in producing this fear . The belief that nature could be calculated leads to the conclusion that humans can be resolved into simple machinery . " The human body is a machine which winds it own springs . It is the living image of perpetual movement . " The human-machinery theory of the 18th century has been revived by the technology of implanting artificial brains . Since the time when computers made it possible to externalize the memory , in order to extend the limits of their functions , humans kept actively mechanicalizing themselves . It is a sign of the intention to get over Darwin 's natural selection and to try to win for themeselves the contest for evolutionary supremacy . And they also want to conquer the nature that created them . The illusion that life is equipped with hardware is the source of this nightmare . " God ever geometrizes " . Let 's go ! Batou ! How do you feel ? What happened to me ? That was a virtual experience maze . You got hacked by the AI . Just as good luck happens three times , bad luck also gives three signs . You don 't see because you don 't want to . Even if you realize , you won 't admit it . If someone tells you , you won 't listen . And it will end with a catastrophe . However , in our world , you don 't even get three signs ; If you overlook the first sign , that 's the end . I told you , I don 't have time for your nonsense . When did you figure it out ? The one who is trying to deceive , gets easily deceived . You might have been a professional ghosthacker , but too bad for you , I 'm also a professional of counter-espionage . And also , I have a guardian angel . Search the record of the hall in that huge amount of data in the external memory device . In Jacob Grimm 's stories , the golem was imbued with life by the word ' Aemaeth ' , written on its forehead ; In other words , the word ' Truth ' . But then the prefix ' ae ' was removed , leaving ' Meath ' . The golem now had ' Death ' written on his , and it became lifeless . That was the angel 's voice , saying there is no truth in this mansion . You 're saying you hacked through the firewall I built ? No way ! No one can do such a thing ! I told you , it 's my guardian angel . Game over , Kim . You 've got a lot of explaining to do . That 's just a doll . You 're a bad loser , Kim . You think you can deceive me like that ? Batou , how can you be sure that this is not still the virtual reality I created ? I hear a whisper ... In my ghost ... Humans are merely the material from which the dream called 'life ' is weaved ; Dreams , cognition , and even Ghosts ... If they were cracks or distortions in the matrix of reality then I 'd be useless like an empty shell , just like you . But the boot I 'm wearing is different from yours . For a bastard who doesn 't believe in Ghosts , there is no such thing as insanity or nervous breakdowns . Your so-called shell will continue to function physically until an unworthy death comes to you . Are you sure we are back in the physical reality ? Artificial and experienced memories are undistinguishable . Whichever one this is , you 'll only realize it later on . It 's impossible to know that you 're dreaming . Sucks , huh ? As long as you allow external input to write to your memory , that 's the price you have to pay . How can you be sure that your wife and daughter are real ? Maybe you 're just a single guy ... dreaming of having a family . Would you want to wake up from that dream ? If you knew , why didn 't you stop it ? I needed to make sure Locus had hired Kim . They expected us to come here , so they set up a trap . They tried to drive me off by putting me through a nightmarish virtual experience . something like that . When they made me shoot my own right arm off , they might have put a branch in my AI . Like Ishikawa said , there aren 't many guys who can do something like that . Locus Solus knew that too . So you expected this from the beginning ? I was going to pretend to be trapped , to get to Kim 's AI . but that Kim bastard has got some skills . If there was no sign , I would have certainly never escaped . What about the ' guardian angel you were talking about ? She is gone . Over the crack of the uniform matrix . Somewhere in the vast net growing together with its domain . There are as many ways to make sure you exit as there are ghosts . For example , you have a daughter . When we were in the jungle , Kim would have known this too . There 's only one thing I 'm sure of . What ? I 'm not good enough to be your partner . So , you want to give up now . I know I 've said this many times , but ... I want to stay alive , and go back to my daughter . You 've got to earn that pay check , though . What more is there to do ? With the data in Kim 's AI , we can prove Locus 's connection to crime ... We 've only got evidence about obstructing police investigation , ... and violation of AI ethics . Even worse , our investigation is unofficial . We need material evidence to charge them with the liability for the robots serial murder case . You say that , yet you broke the line from Kim 's head ! It 's not broken . His AI is still connected to Locus Solus . We have to act quickly , before they destroy all the evidence . People used to say something like this : " He is my disciple no more . Beat the drum , my little ones , and attack him with my permission . " It 's time to ditch the negotiation and start the violence . Hey , this is different from our raid on the Mafia . I 'm not expecting too much from your revolver . " Birds hide up high in the sky , and fishes hide deep in the water . " I 've made contact with the escort . Roger . I 'm surprised you decided to dive with that body . It 's very deep here , so if you sink , we won 't be able to find you . I used to know a cyborg who dived as a hobby . And ? - I didn 't understand here . I 'm only doing this for you because Lin introduced you . I heard no-one has ever come back alive from that ship . So , I don 't understand you either . I know . Keep going . Hang on tight . I 'll be in contact with the radius of the sensor in 12 seconds . I 'll run the virtual signal on the line for just two seconds . Roger . This guy is directly connected to the Security Chief 's AI . Initializing synchronization . I 'm in . Give me the ship schematics . Load completed . Are you watching with me ? Of course ! My great senior is going in . I 've started recording . Watch and learn , little boy . Intruder ! Security system restarted on level two . Probing the whole facility for AI activity . Searching for the terminal with memory activity matching the size of the virus . Searching for incubating virii at the same time . Linking to Security Chief impossible . Performing system reboot . System reboot completed . Security level two initialized . Setting up detour into the invader . Rebuilding the firewall . Loading antivirus definitions . Virus scan in progress . Tracing . Equip decoys Active incubating virus pattern found in the firewall . Firewall 104 breached . Firewall 032 error number 280 occurred . Quarantining infected areas . Surrounding firewall . Rebuilding at level one . Enemy attacking firewall . Movement pattern identified . Starting virus transfer . Evacuate ! It 's too dangerous ! Your brain will burn out ! Not yet , I can do a little more . Idiot ! Don 't be unreasonable ! There was irregular output at the last process of the Halady type . Presumed to be unidentified incubating pattern virus . Deploy all antiviral tools and inhibit it . Impossible . The whole fuselage operation cannot link to the system . Combat mode program is loading . Warning . Line TH07 is malfunctioning . Security team , move to the line in question . Repeat ... The holy spirit has arrived . Long time no see , Major . Or how should I call you now ? Technically , only part of me was loaded through the satellite . This robot 's AI 's memory capacity is a little cramped . I can only load my combat mode system into it . So please forgive me the quality of my facial expression and voice . Past this corridor , 50 meters ahead , there should be an emergency terminal . I 'll connect from there , and overtake the whole system . You haven 't changed at all . Go ahead , point man . I will back you up . Just like old times . " Some look into a mirror and don 't look evil . The mirror doesn 't reflect evil , but creates evil . " Hey , this is not time to get all emotional . There 's not much ammo left . " You should look down on mirrors instead of looking into them . " Hey , are you okay ? I just have to hold this ship 's control system . Connect this to the side terminal on the floor . I 'll have to shut down this body 's movement while I 'm hacking . It 's entirely up to you .30 caliber . I can handle the shooting , but there 's only one ammo clip left . I don 't know if I can stop them with hand-to-hand combat . I 'm going to start . Irregular connection to the main system from within the ship . Within the ship ? Searching for the connection point . Deploying offensive firewall . There are multiple signals from multiple terminals . There 's no sign of AI activity at any of the terminals . Searching for all the exterior linking points . Closing all external connections , including the company 's line . Input device outside the ship physically separated . No response from emergency control system . Remote initializing impossible . Virus is spreading and integrating in each section . Core system firewall breached . Preparing for system reboot . Data quarantine started at level one . Many irregular connection found in the core system . Response speed can not keep up . I 've overwhelmed them , and closed all external connections . The ship is in stand-alone mode . It 's moving ? The ship is heading towards the nearest country where we 'll have the jurisdiction to prosecute . This ship is the evidence we need to prove Locus Solus ' crimes . What if Locus Solus tries to recapture the ship ? A convoy will show up to escort it . I 've already contacted naval support . Meanwhile , why don 't we go find out how Locus could imbue their dolls with a soul ? You already know the secret , don 't you ? You have some idea too , don 't you ? There 's no noise . Are they shielding from electromagnetic radiation ? Ghost dubbing . They discovered how to create a mass-copy of poor quality , but the original brain gets destroyed in the process . So this technology was banned . They brainwash the children smuggled in by the Koujinkai , and dub their ghosts into the gynoids ' bodies . No wonder Locus Solus ' gynoids were so lifelike . Help me . Help me . You came to help me . Mr. Walkerson said so . He said that the police would come . That they would help me . I 'm on my 4th dubbing , but Sowana , who came with me , is on her fifth . She doesn 't hear or say anything anymore . The murdered head of inspection changed the ethics code programming for these kids . When Locus found out , they had him killed , under the pretence of predecessor 's revenge . That 's my theory . He said that if the robots created some accidents , somebody would notice . That someone will come help us . Don 't you realize the chaos you have caused ? I 'm not just talking about the humans ... What about the robots that were forced to carry evil ghosts ? But ... But ... I didn 't want to become a doll ! You cried for the bird 's blood , but not for the fish 's . It is fortunate for the ones with a voice . If the dolls also had voices , they would have screamed : 'I didn 't want to become human ! ' Let me ask you something . do you think you 're happy now ? Well ... I 'm feeling nostalgic ... At least I 'm at peace now . " Let one be alone , committing no evil , being carefree , like a Matanga elephant , roaming at will in the forest . Remember , Batou . When you access the net , I will always be besides you . I 'm going to go now . She showed up in that ship , right ? Your guardian angel . Silence again , huh ? Do you think I 'll write that in the report ? I 'll come pick you up tomorrow at 0820 hours . I have to thank you for taking care of her . Why don 't you come inside ? I don 't want to intrude in other people 's family occasions . Papa ! Hey , a gift ! For me ? I didn 't forget .
