 I 'm not after him I never asked about myself Until that night before it happened ... Hello ? Hello ? Han-byul ? Han-byul ? Han-byul ? What 's the matter ? You became a priest You hid yourself well Who is this ? Who are you ? Come to Han-byul 's house What happened ? ... No , what about Suk ? You don 't know ? Everything will be fine if the Father comes here You resemble me in some way It 's the police D4 , D4 We 're pulling out What 's the situation ? Father 's on his way The hostage is ... They probably knew about the attack They were gone before we even got close - A footmark is ... - Get to the point ... The hostage is Han-byul I 'm on my way He won 't hurt Han-byul Wait for me I 'll talk to him I 'll take care of it Suk ! Hey , Suk ... 277 . This is 742 Transmission Stand by , 100 will get to the site by 1640 Approaching searching team SWAT do not misfire at SS21 scouting cam Alpha , Bravo be careful ! First echelon securing visual range Moving toward point 34 Failure in securing visual range There 's a gunfight . Gunfight Don 't return fire Just Warning shot I 'm going in myself You take charge AK47 ? Yes The search squad sometimes uses it First echelon , second visual range secured SS21 sent something Anyone got a grudge against you ? Boarder search squad or Chinese mafia ? No B-team , back up Commandos , just take your positions Han-byul 's tied up on the floor One 's at the door one 's sitting on a chair I don 't think they know about the underground passage We tried to negotiate but they didn 't respond They didn 't make any demands either Taking more time will only increase the risk to Han-byul We can 't use the heat sensor because they keep sprinkling water Wouldn 't it be better if I went in first with Joe ? He won 't trust anyone with his son 's life Stop transmission ! Suk . What 's the situation ? Please report . Suk transmission ! He 's still alive Dad ! 1 year later Application No. 4233 , informational call Are you looking for your father ? No Actually I 'm looking for a priest I heard you were looking for your father - Yes , maybe ... - How much is the reward ? Congratulations , Chief ! I won 't be late The victim has yet to be identified In the space of a year four bodies were found within 2 km of the crime site Therefore the police are saying this may be related to the serial killing This is a body founded today If the body found on the border today is the missing Research Center director The only person left on the list is Dr. Noh Eui-han Where is Dr. Noh ? We haven 't confirmed that yet This is so terrible Five people in a year Hui-su ! I 'm not late , am I ? Long time no see , Doctor Father , you look great Thank you for turning into a great lady How have you been ? Are you still so forgetful ? It 's gotten worse I 'm getting sick of writing reminders How did someone who can 't remember what she had for dinner become a doctor ? I have so much to tell you Some strange things happened this year Why that face on such a great day ? Great day ? What 's great about retiring ... - We 'll be late . Let 's talk on the way - Yes Forgive me if I have to leave early to get ready No way , haha Thanks for inviting me Huh ? - And sending the limo ... - A limo ? I sent you a limo ? Not a bad treat You 're getting better at joking ... Welcome 742 . 742 . This is 300 Please report on the investigation We 'll report after situation overview A prompt report is required Please cooperate You think it 's the same killer Mr. Yoon was looking for ? Same methods Dumped three months ago and he was in his early 60s Shit . The border 's gotten noisier since the unification Stop suspecting our search squad kids whenever something happens A deserter was searched by SI They might be rough but they wouldn 't do such a thing even in the city First echelon work on the crime scene Second echelon , search the area It 's beyond police jurisdiction Please evacuate the area Second echelon , search the area 742 . 742 . 300 , report the situation It has something in common with . They all worked for government agencies at about the same time Those agencies no longer exist No one knows what they did there Get to the Intercity immediately The police chief has been kidnapped - Why me ? - What ? - It 's an emergency - I know - But there 's an S in the city - Just do as 'm told You know what I 'm doing Five old men with similar backgrounds were killed Wearing a necklace just like Han-byul 's Goodbye That necklace was hanging in the street with the chief 's clothes Be care nothing for this Look at the crime scene Who is she ? His daughter She 's a forensic analyst with the Asian Joint Police Don 't touch anything Hello ? It 's me . I 'm going away So ? If anything happens please take care of Han-byul I never grew accustomed to that place but this time it was like another world As if I were in a dream Your clothes speak for themselves Proclamation of war Proclamation of war I 'm Kim Hui-su Yoon Seok - I 'll call you if I need profiles or analysis - No , wait ... I 'm joining the investigation - I don 't accompany the victim in my investigation - I won 't bother you . Get rid of the ads , please Then are you going to pay the police phone bills ? You know what happens if the victim gets involved I know it well So I 'm taking this investigation Mr. Yoon ... Is May in love ? We 're here Look at May 's clothes Is this bulletproof ? It 's a new product for undercover Doesn 't it suit me ? Sir , please talk to her I think we should go back to the border to search for the old man 's body No If he meant to kill him , he wouldn 't have kidnapped him in broad daylight He 's trying to make a point - Joe ! - Yes , sir Take Dr. Kim back home and let 's go talking to the secretary - Yes , sir - Mr. Yoon ... I 'm the witness Make use of me There were four of them : a sniper a driver , and two who took him - Not bad - We analyzed the DNA of those two and already identified one of them He worked alone when he killed the others , right ? He needed four to demonstrate his point That 's why I 'm telling you he kidnapped the chief to kill him Give up your father for lost It 's better to find out why he did it The suspects are killers from the Ghetto We 've started looking into the area We thought it 'd take some time for you to get here Where ? We call that place Ghetto It 's a hideout for illegal immigrants and criminals - May ! - Yes A-team , search for traces - Kim - Yes B-team , start investigating the area They are very susceptible Chinese and Vietnamese are celebrating the first year of the autonomous region You should take that into account Hey C 'mon Hotline , hotline Command Received Establishing contact Connected I 'm Kim In-soo Father ! I still ... Four million won Location ? Give me more time Check the area where the clothes were found Right We traced him to Pyungdong - Four million won - That noise ! Those water pipes from before ... This location does not match the record Ah , there 's another 200m from the scene - Set up a net - Yes , sir 427 . This is 746 Intercept area 11 to 22 Check point E to R Stop , stop What ? You see that car ? It 's stolen Local satellite , get location Suspect found We 're going after him Direction ? From G11 to R22 , eastbound Emergency . G11-R22 Control traffic flow from all directions - K20 point Backup needed - What ? A flea market at K20 Clear the area Stop the car Drive it outside the city You want a piece of me , huh ? Driving to area 22 746 . 745 going in 22 area interception completed Don 't shoot The chief might be in the car Yes 100 arrived at K20 We 'll evacuate the crowd Moving to G22 Suspect located Block him Get away ! What did you cut it off ? Are you okay ? The belt . Cut off the belt Take care of Dr. Kim What do you see ? Stay still 742 , this is 745 . Tracing the suspect Coordinates transmitted Gather at 27SA point Kim Jik , maintain your position 100 , I get the 02 position - 4 million won ? - He wants to play , huh ? Then we play with him 745 Kim Jik . It 's 746 Do you get it now ? Don 't worry - Don 't be nervous - May . May , copy - May , May - I came instead I did get basic training - Battle experience ? - It 's my first time Look on your right A classic booby trap Would you have followed his lead ? I don 't know but if I were him I 'd be where I could see us well He 's somewhere else I was a border search team instructor I know them well No fool will take the obvious trap So this route is safe Back me up Cover me right here If you see him turn in a different direction from me May , answer me 748 . Shut down the ice factory Boss likes hunting alone too much Because it 's quiet 6224 . SWAT Blockading the island 742 . Suspending contact You have good hearing Should I read you the Miranda rights ? I won 't be any help to you You 'll tell me why you 're doing this later I don 't ask the reasons behind our operation South of the building . Sniper How many are there ? He 's not only watching us but listening as well He probably knows someone came in He could have killed me if he wanted So ... What did you see , a ghost ? There 's nothing there Kim Jik 's down Send the explosive demolition team It 's an imitation I won 't stand for it if you interfere again Don 't you want to know what 's in the elevator ? He cleaned up with an airless vacuum It couldn 't be this clean if more than one person did it Can you profile him ? There are signs of psychosis He cleaned up the scene but dumped the body That 's a contradiction I can feel the symptoms of psychasthenia I sense a kind of claustrophobia Even the pros can 't hide these things And The way he cut off the head resembles Edmund Kemper He is obsessed with some purpose He probably has obsessional neurosis It detects DNA from the Chief They were confident of first kidnaper But there 's none of his blood on them Is he still alive ? He wiped the fingerprints off He must be taller than 180cm He had a ritual Combine your personality profile and mine He 's tall and muscular He has strong self control This kind of person doesn 't have any personal life This is his life So he 's not a hired killer He 's real Goliath once said to David ... A sinner realizes his sin before he disappears from the world He 's playing with us He 's the type who has to save the world You were right He doesn 't want money and he has no political demands He wants my father Who 's in charge of this Ghetto ? Me Do you know who 's the big shot here ? We 're not in the position to mess with them - We need their cooperation anyway - It has nothing to do with us , right ? Right Kim In-soo the chief of police has been hospitalized after his retirement ceremony The cause and his condition have yet to be confirmed You can 't fool the reporters much longer He 's no ordinary person Do you think there 's some grand conspiracy behind all this ? If you 're willing to listen to me I won 't stop you from joining the investigation I located the dead kidnapper 's DNA They already went undercover - Do you know this city well ? - Not really Me , neither Didn 't you come here often ? It 's still strange to me Caught in action . It 's a pickpocket Please identify the suspect 742 742 742 . This is 747 undercover Sir , please respond 748 , this is 746 . 100 is on the move Hold your position until our order Current location , Club Malaka Bay SB , point 83 746 , this is 56 I can smell bad atmosphere Don 't move Stay here How are Rich and Micky ? Where are Rich and Micky ? A jo ! A jo ! Where 's Goliath ? Don 't know ? I don 't know This is a members-only club Please leave It 'll be better for you if you know Freeze Shut up , asshole SPECIAL INVESTIGATION Do you know who I am ? Let go , bastards Still don 't know ? You 're pretty big here , huh ? This guy didn 't even get a scratch in five years on the border search squad Then he died today in this neighborhood 15 days after joining our team Today , this town ! What are you doing ? Don 't touch the girl Sis We shouldn 't push them too hard You 'll get hurt if you mess with us Give me the money I have the chief Let 's just move the office here We 'll get down to business Let go Stop acting like an idiot We got an interesting call See this unsolved case from 30 years ago The name of the file is Luka I can 't trace it It 's analogue and it takes too long to work with digital Only two places have that system Gaema Plateau and DMZ National Park Get the phone record May , send me the Luka file Your ID won 't have access It 's a 30 year-old missing children case and important parts were destroyed - Soapdish Addiction - Shut up , jerk 30 years ago ? I got a question , too Someone sent me the files this year It was about genomes and crime And part of it was in the file Who could have sent this ? A very familiar voice of someone who disappeared a year ago I too once had a father figure You need a superior 's ID to enter the file I have a way What kind of person is Mr. Yoon ? How should I answer that ? Whether he 's a good boss or ... More than that He 's my teacher and mentor You resemble him Me ? Thank you Didn 't he invite me to the seminar ? Didn 't he invite me to the seminar ? Didn 't you volunteer to come ? No He was going to invite you So when you said you 'd give a speech he was very pleased Thanks for inviting me Wasn 't there anything strange about him recently ? He was strange Those men who got killed were people he asked me to find You two were close , weren 't you ? Heesoo Your father was a lonely man - He had nothing but work - I know That 's not what I 'm talking about I need his cyber ID I 'm not supposed to know that But you do , don 't you ? This freak is crazy No name , no dental record He probably snuck into the country It 's because of soap dish addiction If the bottom of the soap is wet that 's the addiction Let 's start over I have a star on my forehead so my life 's been really screwed up That star appears like nuclear fusion and a UFO keeps giving me orders Take him out Ask for psychoanalysis Dr. Kim 's online - Information process ? - File Luka We need to get to the X-file to get anything juicy - We have another user - Connect The kidnapper asked for 4 million , too - Just open the X-file - X-file , open Briefing Hypothesis of the case : 1 . Possibility of political purpose 2 . Cover-up by victim 's parents 3 . Involvement of unknown group related to government research The source for No. 3 is top secret Every victim worked for government agencies Details of No. 3 Link to Ministry of Defense Reconstruction of file impossible - There 's a list of researchers - Open You 've got mail I 'll let Kim In-soo live Under the condition of silence Follow this message Nobody knows about this but me Our hacker found out the Luka project was done around when the kids disappeared So we can speculate that the the children might have been involved We don 't need any speculation Once , many countries researched on developing humans as a new weapon Of course we did it , too Something like America 's MK Ultra And what else ? How can we go further into the Ministry of Defense site ? Are you telling me to solve the case or not ? It 's beyond my power Dr. Noh is the key Then find him Right away Every time a child under age 12 dies due to an accident human cloning is debated in Congress - What the hell is your job ? - Hey , you Every time a child under age 12 dies due to an accident human cloning is debated in Congress I just want to forget about it , please You dwell on it and suffer till you die Go away near Han-byul ! Isn 't Dr. Kim there yet ? Was the heart beating when he was frozen ? I 'm not sure Was the outlook pessimistic ? Han-byul ! Han-byul ! It will take forever to develop the technology to save him So I thought it might be better for him to be born again You 're divorced , aren 't you ? 100 . This is 746 We have a situation The conditions are very complicated because of the side effects of cloning The bill has a lot of conditions For child You must have a complex responsibility The mother is responsible so she must agree to bear the child in her womb Han-byul has the right to live I won 't give up Find her right now Get me all her phone records Hurry I reconstructed the file Decode 10212120301101130 Solve it , now ! How can I do that so fast ? Think a pattern But Dr. Kim did ! Forensics , psychology , genes ... Wouldn 't it be something like that ? How can you read the genome analysis ? That 's digital mode Wait ... right Alright probability shows Quaye hotel Depi Hotel , Dubai Hotel , and Rabai Hotel There is a Dubay Hotel Oh , that 'll be a headache All the smart ones are headaches Sir , Sir It 's the worst place in the Ghetto And there 's even a strike today Doesn 't it feel like he 's inviting us ? Accept the invitation then People have lots of complaints due to the redevelopment plan They got a lot complaint 746 . The VIP is moving to the hotel 746 . Undercover team in position Observe the VIP 's surroundings - How 's the situation ? - Very quiet - Hold your position - Prompt reply requested We have the SWAT team and SIS Clean them up 447 . This is 65 . We 're going in We 're moving to the third floor B-team , block the entrance - Report - Position completed Ready for action A-team in position - What ? What gun fight ? - What ? What the hell bombing ! Riot ? Who are those bastards ? Try to stay out of it I 'll command the move 748 . 748 . This is 746 We 're moving in A-team east , B-team west , Secure the 6th floor Everyone move out ! Move ! Accidental situation 746 . 745 can 't move We can 't The VIP 's inside . We got to hurry 22.65 447 moving in Open the door . Hurry ! Cover me Are you ok ? Moving out from the area Run , run , run 748 , 742 moving in - Backup needed . 100 's moving in - It 's Yoon Seok B-team search the area A-team stay undercover . I 'm going in as bait Father ! It 's an easy decision Where is your father ? You 're talking nonsense We know that you kept in touch Where is he ? You 've got the wrong person Where 's Goliath ? He told me not to hurt you But things don 't always go as planned Father ! Father ! Father ! Father ! The chief is in critical condition Move faster Father Two got caught after setting the trap so the rest of us were just waiting to die Stop They doesn 't consider us Then Goliath killed eight guards and saved four of us I 'd die for him if he wanted me to The moon was so bright that night Where 's your father ? Where is he ? It 's a serious gun wound Send the medics right away Why do you keep interfering ? The guy who just died has been identified Jun Am 8th border search squad What 's interesting is his squad leader Edward Roe they called him Goliath I told you to investigate , not start a war Yoon Seok ! How many lives do you think I have ? He 's watching us Yoon Seok Talk I do what I have to do SI should know about the Goliath Project I 'll go when the things that should disappear have disappeared I pity you for being in such a sleep What is it that I don 't know ? I swore I wouldn 't tell due to my job Follow me In early 1990s a secret agency related to the government had an experiment It was a huge organization and the research was top secret - The objective ? killing machines From shopping addicts to killing machines They studied all the innate and posterior elements that change human nature The Goliath project , which Dr. Noh was in charge of , was confidential And all the records were destroyed That 's all we know Who 's we ? The mission of this team was to catch Goliath And there 's another team after Dr. Noh . But the investigation was stopped I made them join Malaca Bay I did what I could do can hear your heartbeat You 'd better not be lying to me Malaca Bay , Emergency ! You need a lot of money ... Look in my eyes ! If the bottom of the soap is wet that 's the addiction Let 's start over I have a star on my forehead so my life 's been really screwed up - That star appears like nuclear fusion - Chase ... Chase ... Richard Tranton Chase Who ? That 's exactly what Chase said during the FBI investigation And He was mimicking Edward Camper too He 's toying with us May He disappeared from the hospital I find it Send the sample to the lab We lost him - He went through the waterways - Don 't go after him We 'll lure him What about our headquarters ? There 's nothing for SI to do in Ghetto Move into the city No. 11 , 13 , 16 chromosomes look odd 17th is looked different Some of Goliath 's genes are unnatural They were mutated in a very short period In particular , P53 gene in chromosome 17 is very active It protects itself from an invader by motivating a cell to kill itself Do the right thing Have you seen your chromosomes ? Pardon ? No How different can it be ? I mean ... When the chief was in danger It seems your priority is not the chief 's safety The suspect is still roaming the streets Leave the case What ? He 's my father You know what it 's like to want to solve a case yourself No It just looks like you 're too objective in handling this case Do you think I 'm enjoying it ? I 'm just trying to be reasonable so I don 't hold onto the past like you Even when he had a gun at your father Cool and composed as usual Could it be because he 's not your real father ? Is that something new ? He raised me since I was 6 The problem is your name Noh Hui-su just like Dr. Noh Eui-han You weren 't invited to the seminar He copies the case studies in your book He invited you to the party Very politely Then Watch over me closely I will Han-byul How old was he ? I 'm a target now too David , which he once mentioned is Han-byul 's Christian name Despite the fact he dumped the bodies in my area I don 't understand why he called me all the way here Do you know why you became a target ? I don 't know There are a lot of things we should know about each other Why did you become a cop ? I forgot Information about file Luka I wanted to see you before Goliath He left the phone connected on purpose Is it an invitation ? He 's in DMZ Park 6644 DMZ National Park area 6 . SWAT backup please I feel like a man who got lost Taking the long way back Really It was a proposal of the devil I objected but there was nothing I could do I was ... My own will and there 's own will ... There was a dancer named Nijinsky His feet were a combination of human 's and bird 's feet It was ... It was atavism that showed in the fifth generation of his family How about a suspect 's arms ? Estimate m4 rifle and mk23 pistol Acquired genetic mutation requires desperation Nijinsky 's family desperately wanted that to happen That 's human willpower But it was impossible to change one 's genetic makeup in a generation whit human genes this change Our project 's aim was to do that Someday A few children were brought to the lab One of them was called Goliath We implanted aggressiveness and violent tendencies in him I won 't go into how we did that However he accepted them We were able to see his 11 , 13 , and 16 chromosomes mutated mutated That was hard to believe but there was something more We cloned another child with Goliath 's hair We made kids with mutated genes with different possibilities My wife bore the new child same but same child First child He was called David From Goliath to the other side of Goliath The project went on for six years Then something happened Goliath found out that David was his clone He probably thought David had to suffer as he did He tried to kill him but failed and disappeared It 's been a long time I just remembered yesterday Good that you woke up I understand your rage But please stop now I hope we never meet again May May Human genes have memories of the time when they were just bulk DNA It has the instinct of repeat its memories So history repeats itself . That 's what I was afraid of I installed a kind of control device to David and Goliath The best thing could do for Goliath was to program him to come back to me I have to untie the knot That was ... That was the reason why I had to live Are you sure ? Genes are inflexible unconscious is more precise than a watch - No - Like salmon - No Do you think that 'll untie the knot ? Sir He was in the base research center Is there any way to stop him ? Leaves fall due to the tree 's will Seok I missed you What happened to David ? All his memories have been erased Sir Please come to the 5th city outskirt He ... He didn 't try to kill me Aren 't you going to ask me why ? Why did you say you became a cop ? I said I don 't remember You seem to be as forgetful as me Sometimes I can 't even remember what I had for dinner But some things are unforgettable Han-byul the way he laughed He was a bit smaller than other kids He laughed with all his strength as if he was going to lose his breath Do you think he missed me too ? I don 't remember my father The chief was a father to me I don 't remember anything but the father who raised me at the monastery That 's okay Doctor said the left side of my brain is unbalanced That probably means I 'm abnormal I hear too much noise Doctor said my sense of balance touches the nerve Doesn 't that mean I 'm abnormal ? What 's the date today ? I can 't even remember what day it is 664422 Base , base , Sir Yes There was a ship called Luka You have to collect your mind for your life Sung-kang , Sung-kang Namho , Namho ! What 's the matter ? I 'll go with you - We don 't have time for this - He 's my father How nice it 'd be to gather all his targets in one place What would you do if he was your father ? - I 'd do it my way - I 'm a cop too - You 'd do the same if you were me - Put yourself in my shoes Yeah , please do - Why do you always look down on me ? I 'm in charge . Just listen to me - I just want to see my father Act like a cop if you 're a cop Joe , take Seok with you - Yes - I 'll stay here since he 's such a back stabber I called you I wouldn 't be able to forgive myself if I were you Kill me to set yourself free Everything 's meaningless I can 't leave the world as it is my pain I 'll destroy every trace of you every trace of you Except your traces in me I don 't remember my mother 's face 87th street , 252km point Keep move There was a ship called Luka It 's docked in Pier 17 You go ahead I have to drop by somewhere The area seems clear and quiet Yes Yes I got it What 's wrong ? Everyone 's okay Even the priest The priest ? Your father We got the boss 's location on the satellite Pier 17 , end of the border Ship graveyard Hold your position It 's an order If Seok says anything , I 'll quit Did you come here to kill me ? So It 'd be meaningless to stop me now I 've done all my work I 'm going to leave myself You killed too many people You 're the one who killed Han-byul You still got something to say ? haven 't even started It 's too late to start Yeah It is too late We 're all going together They used hypnosis but the kids didn 't take it In that case you have to destroy their mental defenses The best way to do that is ... ruthless abuse Kids couldn 't stand the isolation and fear Only one kid took everything - Let me go - Took everything Hypnosis Isolation Brainwashing Get away Let me go Let me go get away I never fell asleep This will all disappear soon Keep them in your minds My last pieces of memory May May , get out ! There 's a bomb Hui-su , shall we go to the shore ? Run to the exit first This morning might not mean much to others but isn 't it too short as my first morning ? I can 't leave them as they are Including myself Really ? Seok Trust me Goliath wants nothing but to die Do you remember your father ? Goliath I understand your misery But I 'm not miserable anymore Die The kid hated himself more than anything in the whole world Seok - Do you want to live ? - Han-byul Han-byul is still alive Goliath , what do you want ? A long vacation Run Police chief Kim In-soo died this morning at the hospital The kidnappers were in the ship Lukas docked at Pier 17 ... Even if I were my father I 'd have Goliath come back But wouldn 't he have David come back too ? If I were him I 'd have him protect something more precious Do you think I was precious to my father ? I saw his record He ... He couldn 't have children That ... That 's not very important I thought Han-byul 's cell might remember the pain of death Yes , let him go It won 't be Han-byul even if he 's reborn How did you know Goliath only wanted to die ? Leaves fall on their own to protect the tree
