 KATE : " In ordinary times , " ordinary boys led ordinary lives filled with ordinary things , " but these were not ordinary times , " and Charlie Chestnut was no ordinary boy . " He was the invited guest of Artemis P. Fonswick . " All the animals knew Artemis . " It was hard not to know a squirrel who was four feet tall . " Artemis lived in the biggest oak tree in the woods . " Inside the tree was a three-room house " with a bedroom and a sitting room " and a pantry with as many nuts as a person , " or a squirrel , for that matter , would ever want to eat . " " You could only find Artemis ' home if you 'd been invited , and now Charlie Chestnut had been invited . " BOY : Mum ? Go to sleep , Jesse . You think Daddy ever thinks about us ? Of course he does , honey . You think he 'll ever come and see me ? You know I love you very much , and you know Bill loves you , too , just like you were his own boy . Was it the war that made Daddy go away ? Kind of , honey . I don 't really remember him . I just thought maybe if you could call him on the phone or something that he could be my invited guest . Go to sleep . - Jesse asleep ? - Yeah . Did Charlie go into the woods and find Artemis yet ? We always get to the part where he 's about to go . Love to know what happens when he gets to Artemis ' house . You 'll get there . He 's asking about his father again . He wants to know if Russell can come visit . What did you tell him ? What can I tell him ? How about you , Kate ? You still miss him ? I 'm married to you now , Bill . That 's not what I asked you . That 's what I thought . Hey . Hey . He ran out on us . You were there , and you didn 't go anywhere . Don 't think I don 't know that . ( electricity buzzing ) ( moaning ) ( chuckles ) ( grunts ) ALLIE : When you 're a kid. all you ever want is for the stories your mum reads you to be true . You think you can crawl inside the world that 's in every book and live in the pictures on every page . but deep down you know that this isn 't something that could ever happen . And it 's knowing that the magic isn 't quite there . that it 's just over the next hill or maybe in the next story . that makes you feel safe in your bed at night . You really wouldn 't want it to be any other way . Whoa . ( laughs ) JESSE : Whoa . ( radio playing country music ) ( gasps ) ( tires squealing ) MAN : There 'll be no more need for weapons that kill men . Think those Volturans were on the level ? I 'm sure they were . There have never been any people in history who wouldn 't be free of a dictator if they could . Alpha was sure pleased . He said he 'd supervise their elections . MAN : If all men ... BOY : Little green men ! Fire your ray gun ! ... worship as they wished . the universe need never know war again . - ( guns buzz ) - Aah ! ALLIE : There are times when it seems like the whole world is afraid ... Captain Video , blast the Martian invader ! They 're no use against Zultan ! ... when the fear is something you have to live with day in and day out . - Use the nails from last year . - I 'm trying . When people get scared . they do a lot of different things . They fight or they run . they destroy the thing they 're afraid of . or they put a lot of distance between it and them ... Hey ! Watch it ! ... make it something you can shoot at with a friction-action gun . We 'll get a tree tonight when I get home , okay ? Okay . Bye , boys ! And try not to destroy the universe , all right ? BOY : Bye ! We took this craft apart more than ten years ago . More than ten years , and we still have no idea how it ran , no clue what its power source was or what the aerodynamics involved were . In fact , we know less now than we did when we found the damn thing . Just chime in if I 've left anything out , gentlemen . Two years ago , some tiny circuit you thought might do something electrical . Or was it something that stored information ? The year before , you thought you 'd found out what the thing was made of . Ten years , gentlemen , and so far all we have to show for all your hard work is a way to hold my pants up without a belt . Sir , we 're dealing with technology so far beyond ours , we can 't even find a place to start . We are in a space race. gentlemen . Suppose another craft crashed or was brought down over the Soviet Union . Could you imagine the implications if the Russians were to master this technology first ? I hardly think that 's likely . Do you have a better explanation for the success of Sputnik ? - Sput- - - Do you ? This is Dr Kreutz . He 's here with Lockheed , working on a technology for a plane that can fly undetected by radar . You may have seen the prototype out in the yard . His is a project that shows some signs of yielding results . Dr Kreutz has agreed to come to our program for an indefinite period of time . Of course , a physicist of such eminence comes with his own people . As of today , you gentlemen are reassigned to other duties . We 've been receiving reports of very strange radio signals coming from our base in Iceland . Captain Bowen has the details of your transportation for you . Merry Christmas . I 'm afraid I owe you an apology , Doctor . Why ? One of the burdens that comes with this assignment- - I report directly to the president . General Eisenhower is not a patient man . I 've led him to believe that some of your technological advances were derived from our research . What advances ? General Eisenhower was particularly impressed by the Explorer satellites you sent up earlier this year . I hope when you meet the president , you won 't disabuse him of his impression . And be reassigned to Iceland a week before Christmas ? Certainly not . Let me see your little bird . ( alarm sounding ) The interior wasn 't damaged in the crash . It 's exactly as it was when we found it . May I ? It is easy to see what has baffled your researchers for all these years . No instrument panels , no monitoring devices . Nothing . And yet even now there is a sense of energy here . We have to limit exposure in here . There 's some sort of field or something . In about six minutes , your head will start to ache . Twenty minutes maximum before you have a cerebral hemorrhage . You will never get this craft off the ground without an engine . We can 't find the engine . There were five of them . They died in 1 947 . KREUTZ : These are beings of unimaginable power of mind . The ability to reach inside a man 's mind and give him the images lurking there- - surely that requires more energy than what is needed to guide a ship among the stars . The power of mind- - that is the energy source your scientists have been unable to find . What do you suggest we do , Doc , wait until they crash again ? - That is one option . - What 's another one ? Find someone else with unimaginable power of mind . ( children chattering ) Oreos and a peanut-butter - and-jelly sandwich . You 're wrong . My mum promised me a steak sandwich and pie . How 'd you do that , weirdo ? Your mum and dad had a fight last night about him being drunk . She used the steak on her eye . She didn 't feel much like making anything fancy . You 're dead , brainier . ( bell rings ) Hey , there he is . Talk to me about my parents again , creep . Are you hiding in the bushes outside my house ? Tell me where you were , you little weirdo ! BOY : Get him ! You 're gonna die . Travis . Travis , look at me . Aah ! Aah ! Aah ! ( sobbing ) No . No . No ... BOY : What did you do , freak ? ( Travis sobbing ) ( Christmas song playing on radio ) I 'm sorry I was late , hon . I got working ' in that shed . Lost all track of time . How was the last day of school ? Everybody excited about the big vacation ? Honey , are you feeling all right ? You don 't have a fever . I made you some fried chicken and brought you a Pepsi . Here you go . You can eat it now or you can rest until we get to Amarillo . I love you , honey , every day and twice on Sunday . ( whistle blowing ) MAN : Rock 'n ' roll died last March 24th when Elvis went into the army . Wouldn 't you agree , Captain ? I was just saying rock 'n ' roll died when Elvis went in the army . Yeah , if you say so . The captain 's not one for conversation . The way he holds on to that ratty duffel of his , you 'd think it was full of gold . Go easy . He is not right . I 'm just trying to make friendly conversation . Man thinks he 's the only one with a past . My father liked to say that there were these things in life that didn 't make any sense . and they could never make any sense . and if you were anywhere near smart. you knew that . But your job was not to give up . to keep on trying to make sense out of them anyway . trying to understand things that could never be understood . I guess maybe people will always find different names for their answers . but the one thing is their questions will always be the same . MAN : It was on my second trip to Venus that I first met Renuthia and learned the answer to the question that I 'm sure has brought you here this evening , and that is , " What do our space brothers and sisters want from us ? " Well , what they want more than anything is for all of us to be friends . Hey ! Hey , Captain . Give those back . Yeah , what the hell , Captain . Sure . Uhh ! MAN : This is the dawning of a new era of peace and understanding . That is truly what they want us to know , that we are all part of the same great whole , that we all belong to the light . These people are very gentle . Their message is only one of kindness . You want to tell us what you think about Elvis getting drafted , or are you still too hoi polloi ? I want my things back . Your hero medals ? What you get your medals for ? What kind of man did you used to be before you became just another lost soul ? You hit him again , I believe he 'll die . He 'll die or I 'm gonna have to give back his things , and I don 't want to do that . The Feds ! Come on , fellas ! Whoa ! Get away from me ! ( banging ) Just go--now ! Get away from me ! ( whimpers ) ( screaming ) That is the message that I want to leave with you tonight . They mean us no harm . They don 't want to hurt us . More than anything else , they want us to know ... they come in peace . RUSSELL : No ! No ! No , not again , you bastards ! No ! Aah ! ( screams echoing in distance ) ( boy gasping ) ( whispers ) Jesse . I 've met them , too . One of them , at least . There you are . Do you think they 'll be comin ' back soon ? Our time and their time is not the same time . Are you planning on coming to our New Year 's festival ? I hadn 't heard of it , actually . Fifteen dollars includes a buffet dinner . We 're gonna call our space brothers and sisters . - Thank you . - Bye , now . ( gasps ) ( flames crackling ) Breakfast ? Compliments of Irish Dave and the others . - They 're gone ? - Left in kind of a hurry . Um ... Dave , um , wanted you to have these back and to know that he was sorry and that if he ever saw you again- - which he hopes that he doesn 't- - that you would- - you would please forgive him . ( train whistle blows ) Whenever you 're in the mood , I , uh ... I wouldn 't mind knowing what happened here last night . I was a pilot in the war . Did I mention that ? - You flew B-1 7s , right ? - That 's right--23 missions . I guess you earned those medals the hard way . My crew . Nine men . All of them are dead . What happened ? Something like what happened last night . We were taken . That 's the best way I know how to describe it . Taken by who ? Whatever they did to us , it killed my men . I know that for a fact . What I don 't know what I c- - what I can 't understand is why am I alive ? What 's that ? These are aeronautical maps of the United States . You see , I keep a record . Every place they pick me up , the exact location , the exact time . I-l-I 'm just trying to find a pattern to it . If--if I could know when they were coming , - I could- - - You could what--run ? - You could get away ? - Yeah . From what I saw last night , it ... it seems like you 're a bit outclassed . Maybe they don 't know , either . They don 't know why you 're the only one that lived . Maybe that 's why they keep taking you- - to find out what sort of thing you 've got . Maybe there 's something in the blood something that makes you special . # . O come ye to Bethlehem # . # . Come and behold him # . # . Born the King of angels # . # . O come let us adore Him # . # . O come let us adore Him # . # . O come let us adore Him # . # . Christ the Lord # . ( knocks ) ( conversation , piano playing in background ) Hey , Jesse . Jesse , your mother needs your help in the living room . Go ahead . You 're not welcome here , Russell . I know . I had something I needed to tell Jesse . You lost the chance when you ran out on him and his mother . - You can stay in the lockup . - I didn 't come here for that . Well , you can 't stay here . I don 't want Kate seeing ' ya . Bill , Jesse 's in danger . I need to talk to him . It 's not gonna happen , Russell . - GIRL : Watch out ! - BOY : Here goes ! GIRL # 2 : How about we build us a snowman ? Here I come ! We need more sticks for hair . BOY : Ow ! That hurt . - GIRL : He 's okay ? - GIRL # 2 : Yeah . - Gotcha . - Hurry ! Hello , Jesse . Christmas is all about hope . Kids hope for new toys . You get older. and the toys get bigger . but the hope stays the same . Some people might hope for peace on earth or maybe for a better tomorrow . whatever their idea of that might be . but most people still just want something bright and shiny and new . ( jet flying overhead ) It 's a local . Get us as far as maybe the Kentucky line . - You ever done this before ? - No , sir . - You willing ' to try ? - You bet . On 3--1 , 2 , 3 ! - What are you looking at ? - You look just like your mother . Everyone says I look more like you . I don 't see it . Oh , I got something . Yeah . I 've , uh , been wanting to give you these . There you go . Merry Christmas . These are your war medals ? You can put ' em on later if you want . I got this one the first time I was shot down , over Belgium . This one was for one time when we took a lot of flak , and I got some in my leg . And this one- - that 's a Silver Star . Got that on my last mission . When you were shot down and captured and you saved your entire crew . Mum said it was the war that made you go away . But you know it wasn 't , don 't you ? So ... is this what you been doing the whole time ? This where you live ? Yeah , I live where I can . Listen to me , Jesse . What was happening to me ... I didn 't want to bring it home to you and your mother . Who are they ? I don 't know . Can you keep them from coming back for me again ? I don 't know that , either . But I 'm sure as hell gonna try . ( screen door creaks ) Jacob ! - Merry Christmas ! - Merry Christmas . You look great . TOM : Watch out , now ! Hey , there , little brother . Where 's Mum ? She 's in the shed . In the shed ? What 's she doin ' in there ? - She 's working on something . - Workin ' ? It 's Christmas Day . I didn 't bring all these presents for nothin ' . I think she thought you were coming later . She hasn 't put the turkey in the oven yet . I should go see if I can help . Hello , hello ! Merry Christmas ! I thought I heard your car . TOM : Mama ? Hey , there . Merry Christmas . What are y 'all doin ' here so soon ? I thought you weren 't comin till this evening . Well , it 's 5 : 00 . Goodness gracious , where does the time go ? What are you doin ' in there , makin ' moonshine ? Oh , get on inside . I 'm so happy to see y 'all . ERIC : This one 's kind of messy . SAM : I think it 's the usual--underwear . ERIC : Doesn 't make any noise . Sounds like clothes . This one looks like a cookie , here . Mum , is Dad home yet ? Not yet , sweetheart . Could I open just one present ? Let 's just wait a little while longer , okay ? Your dad wants to be here when you open his gifts . - How much longer , Mum ? - Just a little while . ( O Come All Ye Faithful playing ) Tom 's pullin ' money in hand over fist on that real estate , Mama . I know he is . I 'm so proud of him . And of you . First one in our family to go to college . Tom and I were talkin ' about with all his extra money , maybe he could get Jacob into a school someplace . Jacob is fine here with me . The school that Tom found is in Montana . It 's for children who are special , different . Of course he 's different . When is the last time you saw him laugh or cry ? When is the last time he hugged you ? When is the last time he smiled ? This school might be able to help him , Mum . There 's nothin ' wrong with Jacob . He 's fine here with me . ( oven timer dings ) I 'm sorry about the turkey , y 'all . Merry Christmas . - Merry Christmas . - Merry Christmas , Mama . RUSSELL : Merry Christmas . ( laughing ) - Merry Christmas . - Merry Christmas , Esther . Ladies , come on . It 's a wonderful service you are providing for your country . We appreciate this . ( cameras whirring ) It 's been 20 minutes . We have to get them out . - Give it another five minutes . - Sir , that will kill them . They were dead the second they set foot on this base . ( unlocks door ) ( drops keys on table ) The boys are asleep . We waited as long as we could . I 'm sorry . Something came up . You gave them both a Lionel train set . Sam got the Space Patrol board game and the Leave It To Beaver lunch box . Eric got the Leave It To Beaver board game and the Space Patrol lunch box . They both got Hula Hoops . What did I give you ? A hell of a lot more than I bargained for . ( brakes squeak ) ( grunting ) ( camera shutter clicks ) This is kind of mean , Tom . Becky , Mum really believes this crap . That 's why she 's always taking Jacob to all those conventions . All we have to do is show her that it 's a trick , make her see how easy it is to fake . You were with me . We saw those lights in the sky . The Lubbock Lights , yeah . Quarrington wrote a chapter about it in his book and Popular Science had an article about it . It was a reflection of streetlamps off a flock of plover birds . We were little kids , Becky . We saw what we wanted to see . Just because some creepy guy ends up in our barn doesn 't mean he 's from Mars . Venus . Quarrington says they 're from Venus . If you turn on the porch light , it 'll make it look more like it 's in the sky . Jake , what are you doin ' up ? I don 't want to go away to school . There was a lady watching me in class . She wasn 't from here . I could sense her interest . Jacob , you have to try to understand- - you have sort of a gift , an insight . I get that from my father . You need to be in a place where people understand you . If I go away , who 's gonna take care of Mum ? SALLY : Kids ! Y 'all come here ! It 's ready ! I call this a contactor . What do you think ? Yeah . Uh ... - What is it ? - It 's sort of like a radio . I 'm hoping to transmit a message up into space . Sounds kind of crazy , doesn 't it ? Why do you want to send a message into space ? Because I miss Jacob 's father and I want him to know that we 're all right . And I want him to come and get us . I want him to know that we 're ready to go . Go where , Mum ? Home . ( tyres squealing ) Jesse ? ( car doors opening ) Jesse ? ! Jesse ? Jesse ! ( guns cock ) BILL : Don 't move , Russell . Where the hell is Jesse ? What have you done with him ? I don 't know . I don 't know what 's going on ! OWEN : I told Eisenhower we had the saucer running . I promised him a demonstration by the second week in January . That gives us two weeks . Would you like to tell me what the hell went wrong ? It 's that kind of attitude that lost you people the war . The theory was sound . The Erenberg twins simply were not psychic enough . Not psychic enough ? They were the highest-rated sensitives on the Rhine scale . The professor at Duke said they were the best he 'd ever seen ! All right , so what are we gonna do ? I go back to working on planes powered by an energy I understand . ( chuckles ) I 'm afraid you can 't do that . I 've had you moved to the military . You work for me now . You told your president the test was a success . In order to keep me here with you , you 'd have to admit you had failed . We lost the war because the Russians betrayed our trust . There was never a question of our attitude . ( door closes ) What the hell you two lookin ' at ? Jesse ! MAN : I 'll go 1 00 yards this way ! Come on , boys . Find him ! BILL : Jesse ! MAN : Holler if you hear us , Jess ! Keep movin ' out ! MAN # 2 : On the left flank ! Jesse ! Kate . You bastard . What did you do ? I came back to try to save him . Save him ? What are you talking about ? They 're done with me . I don 't know how I know it , but I do . I don 't want to hear this . I just want to know what you did with my son . I didn 't do anything with him . They did . They took him . Kate , Jesse is special . They 're seeing if he 's ready . Ready for what ? Aah ! Get away from me ! Aah ! This New Year 's Eve party you 're goin ' to- - we think you should leave Jacob here with us . Y 'all don 't think he should be exposed to all the crazy people ? He gets tired so easily . Stayin ' up that late ... No , we don 't think he should be exposed to all those crazy people . I 'll be back tomorrow night . Y 'all aren 't gonna sneak him off to one of those schools ? No . We 'd need your signature anyway . We 're gonna sit around here and do some card tricks . I don 't know , maybe he is better off with all the loonies . I 'll tell him he 's stayin ' here . I bet he already knows . ( screen door opens ) Ohh , I love you ... every day and twice on Sundays . I 'll see you later . This is the last of the raw data . Still lots to go through . I want to look at everything . MARTY : 200 sightings in Central Illinois Christmas Day . - Anything ? - The Cold War . These people are frightened and delusional . You 're not helping me . HOWARD : Man who says he 's been visited by representatives of the planet Arnadon . Six hundred hovering yellow discs over Duluth . Woman who says the broadcasts on her television are from outer space . MARTY : Got the surveillance photos in from the Quarrington lecture in Amarillo . He 's beautiful . He will say anything we tell him to say . Trips to Venus , space brothers . I came up with that one- - " space brothers . " It 's very inspired . When you two are done , let 's get back to work . MARTY : Yes , sir . Ahem . These people call themselves " Contactees . " They believe they 've had contact with aliens . A bunch of them have built machines to talk to their space brothers . They 're all getting together on New Year 's Eve . They 're gonna turn on the machines . Maybe we could borrow one of the machines , call a spaceman , and ask him to come fly his ship for Ike . Maybe we don 't need to call anybody . Go back one . No , one more . How old do you think that kid is ? Why do people want so desperately not to be alone ? Why is it more comforting to think you are being watched than to know that no one at all is watching ? And why. really. does that make us any less alone ? In the end . if there are others out there . then wouldn 't we be. all of us . still alone together ? J-a-c-o-b . Jacob . That your card ? No ? What was your card ? Jack of diamonds . Jack . Jack for Jake , right ? They 're old cards . You know , the wax- - There 's a new deck in the top drawer there . Why don 't you go get it ? We 'll try it with that deck . Maybe then I can get it to work . ( pop music playing on radio ) Aw , come on . That 's a good trick . ( laughs ) Hey , Jake , come here . I want to talk to you about something . How long has Mum been talkin ' about , you know , goin ' to outer space and stuff ? I don 't know . It 's just something she says sometimes . How long has she been building that machine ? She 's not crazy . She 's just sad . Well ... you think this is the best place for you to be ? You know , around somebody who 's so sad ? Thank you all for coming , and a Happy New Year ! CROWD : Happy New Year ! Are you all ready to greet our space brothers ? Yes , we are ! I see a lot of you have brought devices for that purpose . If you 'll just turn them on now , then we can enjoy a nice leisurely buffet and hope that we have some guests join the party . ( hums ) ( crackles and buzzes ) ( beeps ) ( whistling ) That 's a sophisticated-looking device . How does it work ? I made it from a plan out of Fate magazine . These antennas are supposed to broadcast my brain waves up into space . How do they do that ? Well , you could either buy this thing that looked like a salad bowl or you could use this metal bucket over here . I 'm kiddin ' . Oh . ( laughs ) There 's a radio transmitter in there . I just turn on this microphone and hope for the best . You don 't remember me , do you ? I come to a lot of these things . Your machine--it 's to send a message to that ... to your friend you found in the shed , am I right ? - You were- - - With the army . I came to see you once . I lost my job over your friend . I filed a report saying I believed the man in your shed was an alien visitor who had returned to his planet . That opinion cost me my job and my pension ... not to mention my marriage . I thought you were lookin ' for him 'cause you knew he was from space . There are levels and there are levels . Once I told them what I knew , they had to make me go away . I 'll tell you something , though , all the time I worked for them , I was never a believer . It was just right before I met you when I saw the lights in the sky . You want to get a little dinner ? Mmm . - Like your pendant . - Thank you . Actually , it used to be a pair of earrings . Belonged to my grandmother . - What happened to the other one ? - I gave it away . Now it truly is a Lone Star , then , huh ? Think it 'll work ? I don 't know . I think whatever their plan is , it 's not gonna be changed 'cause of a couple messages from us . Well , why do you do it , then ? Passes the time . Because I miss him and there 's something that I want him to know about . That 's Tom , Becky . These are my kids from my late but not at all lamented husband . That 's Jacob . QUARRINGTON : Folks , can I have your attention , please ? In a few moments , it 's going to be 1 959 , so I 'd like to say Happy New Year again and thank you all for coming out . I 'm--I 'm only sorry we weren 't more successful , but we 're gonna try this again next month , so in the meantime , just , uh , just keep watching the skies . # ... . auld acquaintance be forgot # . # . And never brought to ... # . Maybe you should have sprung for the salad bowl , huh ? ( laughs ) # ... . be forgot # . # . And days of auld ... # . He knows , Sally . Wherever he is , he knows . # . Auld lang syne , my dear # . # . For auld lang syne ... # . ( gasping ) ( whirring ) ( whimpers ) ( sobbing ) Aah ! It was nice running into you again after all these years . It was . Maybe we 'll see each other again at one of these things , although I have to admit I 'm gettin ' a little tired of Dr Quarrington and all of his trips to Venus . With Renuthia ? ( both laugh ) You heading home in the morning ? - Mm . - Well , I hope we do . See each other again . I do , too . - Good night . - Good night . Owen ? You said that filing that report cost you your marriage ? I was just thinking that your wife must have been a very foolish woman to let you go . - Night . - Good night . ( door closes ) ( crack ) ( brakes squeal ) Are you gonna do that every day ? ( sniffles ) It 's good to keep linen fresh . Kate , we had to call off the manhunt today . Come on , it 's been seven days now . - ( sobs ) No . - We have to- - Kate ? We have to face the facts now . Okay ? Come on . He 's just a little boy , Bill . He 's just a little boy . I just ... ( crying ) No . There you go . Like that . ( car approaching ) Hey , y 'all . Kids , this is Owen Crawford . About the only evidence of UFOs at my convention was the mysterious breakdown of my truck . Mr Crawford was kind enough to give me a ride home . Jacob ! Jacob ? - Tommy , go after him . - Jacob ? ! Jake ? Jacob ? ! Jacob ! Jacob ! When you 're little. you like to think you know everything . but the last thing you really want is to know too much . What you really want is for grownups to make the world a safe place where dreams can come true and promises are never broken . And when you 're little . it doesn 't seem like a lot to ask . He 's come here for me . He wants to see if I 'm special . Well , then whatever you do ... don 't act special . Your mother tells me you 're in real estate , Tom . I hear you cleaned up on that East Texas boom last year . I did all right . Guess you 'll be headin back to your empire soon ? Yeah , I 'm leavin ' tonight . Sorry I won 't get more of a chance to talk . What do you do now , Owen , now that you 're not a soldier ? I was never a soldier . I was more of a spy . SALLY : Gosh , I 've never met a real spy before . Really ? How would you know ? It was never very glamorous . I mostly filed reports . Mum says you got fired for the one you filed on our ... visitor . Well , the , uh , the army and I had a disagreement . Let 's just put it that way . So what do I do now , Tom ? They didn 't exactly give me a letter of recommendation . I knocked around the Southwest for a while , odd jobs and such , then an uncle died and I came into a little money . I was thinking about buying into something- - a gas station or restaurant . Mr Tyler 's talkin ' about sellin ' the diner , isn 't he ? He already knew about Mr Tyler . That 's why he said it . SALLY : Jacob . Sorry . TOM : What are you tellin ' him to buy the diner for ? It just came out . He seems nice enough . He got booted out of the army for sayin ' the guy in our shed was from outer space . Mum met him at a flying saucer party . She needs someone in her life , Tom . I 'm goin ' back to U.T. , you 're goin ' back to work . If Jacob goes away , she 'll be all alone . Yeah , just her and the little green men . Y 'all be careful on this road , okay ? - You gonna call me ? - I will , Mama . Mum , will you think about what we talked about ? I already thought about it , honey . TOM : Come on , sis . We got miles and miles of Texas . You take care , Jake . You kids drive safe , now . ( engine starts ) ( footsteps approach ) MAN ON TV : Come on out . Pete ! This one 's a fight you 're never gonna win ! Don 't leave on my account , son . I 'm sorry . I don 't know what 's gotten into him . He 's jealous . We 'll work it out . - What are you watching ? - A western . Good guys in white , bad guys in black . No spacemen in green ? ( chuckles ) In town . Doc can get you all patched up ! - May I ? - Please . - Help me . - No. thanks ! ( gunshots ) I was , uh , gonna go into town and find a motel room . I was hoping I could meet you at the diner in the morning , talk to this--Mr Tyler , was it ? - -about his place . Sure . That would be fine . Sally , you don 't think I 'm crowding you here . I just ... Well , it sounds like a fine opportunity . Well , I think it is . Long as you do one thing . You gotta change Tyler 's chicken recipe . Tyler makes the worst fried chicken in all of West Texas . MAN : I 've always loved you . WOMAN : You think you can just run off and leave a girl ? MAN : I 've done things I can 't ever make up for . Owen , you don 't have to get a room in town tonight if you don 't want to . - It 's time to move on . - Then we 'll go together ... I 'll go change the bedding in Tom 's old bedroom . You can sleep there tonight . MAN : ... somewhere out in the woods . WOMAN : Don 't go . What are you doin ' ? Pete. come back . Come back ! - ( gunshots ) - WOMAN : Pete ! No ! No ! ( crying ) ( whistling O Susanna ) I 'm never gonna fly your saucer . Not ever . ( screen door opens ) SALLY : You two finally making ' friends ? Yes . Yes . We were getting acquainted . In fact , Jacob just told me everything I need to know . ANNE : Marty , Anne Crawford . Sam fell off the roof and broke his neck . They don 't know if he 's gonna live . If he does , who knows if he 's ever gonna walk again . I 'm in Las Vegas at the hospital there . Marty , I know Owen 's not in Washington . This is the kind of thing that he needs to hear from me in person . He 'll thank you for it , Marty . I promise you that . Lubbock , Texas ? I can find it . I found that two days after he left here . Nothin 's grown since . My heart 's sort of like that patch . You need to know that if you 're- - you 're gonna stay . I come from a long line of farmers . We can grow corn in a field where grass won 't grow . I 'm not goin ' anywhere , Sally . I 'm not . You 're the sun and the moon to me . SALLY : Okay , I 'm comin ' down . Y 'all don 't let me fall . Did you tell him about your idea yet ? I thought he 'd rather hear it from you . Sweetie , Mr Crawford thought today might be a fine day to take you fishin ' . Would you like that ? Nothin ' like a day on a lake for getting acquainted . I 'm sure your mum will be fine here without us . ( Flying Purple People Eater playing on radio ) # . Well . I saw the thing comin ' out of the sky # . # . It had one long horn ... # . ( lowers volume ) It 'll go easier for your mum if you help me out . You know that . # . It was a one-eyed . one-horned ... # . What are you gonna do afterward ... dissect me ? Depends on how much you can tell us without us having to cut you open . # ... . to me # . # . Well. he came down to earth ... # . We 're just the beginning of this , you and me . It doesn 't end with us . And there 's something else you should know in case you think you 've won anything . I 'm not the only one that matters . # . One-eyed. one-horned flying purple people eater # . # . One-eyed. one-horned flying purple people eater # . # . Sure looks strange to me # . # . I said . " Mr Purple People Eater " # . - ( knock on door ) - Just a second ! ( knock ) I 'm comin ' . Just a second ! I got something on the stove ! Jesus , I can 't believe I was that stupid . No , Mama , you don 't have to worry about that . We 're gonna get him back . ( dog barks ) ( dog howls ) ( dog barking ) ( Kate gasps ) Jesse ! Oh , Jesse . Oh , my . It 's okay . Jesse . You 're so cold . They told me Jesse was home . I left 50 bucks for you with the front desk officer . Don 't come back here . - Is Jesse all right ? - No thanks to you . Did he say what happened ? You fell asleep and he wandered off into the woods . But he is all right ? Kate wanted me to let you go . I 'm up for keeping you for the kidnapping charges . I don 't know what happened , but he 's been lost ten days . No , he 's not all right . Wait , wait . Bill--Bill , please- - Uhh ! Russell , I meant what I said . You don 't come back here . ( grunts ) Yeah , we should be there by tonight . Oh , he 's very well behaved . I told him I 'd kill his mum . What are you--what are you talking about , Marty ? And you told her where I was ? Do me a favour , Marty . Go to my house , see if my kids are there with the housekeeper . If they 're both fine , which I am sure they are , then start shopping for a very warm jacket . No . Do I sound like I 'm joking ? ( rock music playing ) Gonna need your strength . Mr Crawford , look at me . ( groaning ) Aah ! No ! No ! ( sobs ) No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! ( sobbing , screaming ) I called the army . They have no personnel records of an Owen Crawford after 1 947 . This just keeps getting better and better , doesn 't it ? What do you think they want with Jacob ? You don 't think the government believes in people from other planets ? No , I think they want us to believe . That way , anytime they test some new missile , they can blame a flying saucer . - What do they want with Jacob ? - I don 't know , Becky , but whatever it is , I 'm not gonna let them get their hands on him . Tom ? BECKY : Jacob ! Jacob ? Oh , I 'm so sorry . I never should have let you go . It 's all right , Mum . No , it 's not . I was a lonely , foolish woman . Should you have brought him back here ? It 's all right , Mum . Mr Crawford won 't be coming back . Let 's get inside , Mama . Come on . Let 's get you inside . You look terrible . I was worried sick about you . He 's asleep . I want him to go to that school . He has to disappear . If they come ... If they come lookin ' for him , there can 't be a trace . Tom and I have an idea about that . You keep this safe for me , okay ? I may not ever see you again . You 'll think about me once in a while ? Every day and twice on Sundays . I love you , Mum . ( knock on door ) What are you gonna do about Eisenhower , sir ? We got a report from the sheriff in Lubbock . What ? The sheriff in Texas ? There was a fire . Mother was working on some sort of invention in her shed . The kid died , sir . Good . What happened , Colonel ? You called in from the road , right ? Said you were bringin ' the kid in . So how did he get all the way back to Lubbock to be in that fire ? Did Marty tell you he was leaving for Iceland ? I might reconsider ... give the two of you another chance . That boy in Texas ... don 't ever mention him to me again . Glad to see you 're feeling all right , son . What are you talking about , Dad ? While I was away , I had this--I don 't know- - call it a premonition or something- - that you had been hurt . Glad I was wrong . Why don 't you boys get ready for bed ? - But , Dad ... - No , go ahead . SAM : Come on , let 's go . You followed me to Texas . You were having an affair with that woman . In my work , sometimes what I do can be distasteful . I thought you understood that . You 'd like to leave me . Yes . You know too much about what I do . - ( knock on door ) - Come in . - How you doin ' , buddy ? - I 'm all right . Jesse , I wanted to tell you something . Uh , I wanted to let you know ... um ... that is , if there 's anything you want to talk about at all , anything that happened while you were gone , uh ... I 'm not really that hard a guy to talk to . I was just lost . That 's all . Yeah . Okay . You know , your father , he was a real hero once . A real hero . You should be proud of that . Good night . People believe what they want to believe . They find meaning where they can. and they cling to it . In the end. it really doesn 't matter what 's a trick and what 's true . What matters is that people believe .
