 " the Lord of the Demons and Lanka , thousands of years ago " With that came to an end the rule of the demons ... and ushered in the present fourth era of all time " Even today , that victory is celebrated ... " by setting Ravana on fire during Ram Leela The burning Ravana is a warning to the human race : " The demon is dead , but he is not extinct " " According to our Texts , he will return " " Like in every age , the return of the demon even in our age , is inevitable " Yala Lanka " In the Ramayana , it is described as a thriving city " It was also Ravana 's capital The imposing statues still giving you a feeling of his great powers Because in this land lies buried Ravana 's seed of strength ... the secret of his empire and his rudraksh Move it ! What the hell are you upto ? Get on with your work . Hurry ! " 1990 : For the first time in history , a team of archeologists ... " arrived here in search of the truth of that mighty rudraksh Little did they know that Ravana 's rudraksh had chosen its first slave Whose name was Bhuria What 's that ? Bhuria ... what did you put in your pocket ? Want to see more ? Come on ... come ! I know what you 're upto ! I 'm not afraid of you ! You are thieves ! Thieves ! I 'm not afraid of you ! I 'm not ! " Well done , Lali " " Hey ! Lay off , everyone ! " So many of you can 't pull it ! And one night ... from the womb of earth emerged the statue of the deity of the demons " Thousands of years old , from the times of the " Ramayana " Which was buried after the bloody war of Lanka With the discovery of the statue ... there came to be a strange transformation in Bhuria He used to keep staring at the statue in the darkness of the night " And gradually , the statue began showing him ways and secrets ... " that could lead Bhuria to the hidden rudraksh I understand I can see it all Sir ! I knew this man was a thief ! She 's a thief too ! That rudraksh belongs to me " After thousands of years , it 's out today only for me " You know why ? Because I am its rightful owner ! I ! " Not its rightful owner , you are a thief ! " This is part of our culture and history " Watchman , don 't let that man in . Nor her " This rudraksh ... it 's beautiful It 's mine Mine What have you done ... ? You 've killed ? It 's okay From here begins the strange story of Bhuria and Ravana 's rudraksh The rudraksh 's sole aim : The restoration of the rule of the demons all over the world For that it was imperative to elevate Bhuria from being a beastly human ... to turning a great demon Years passed by in achieving this goal We have tolerated them enough ! Hurling stones will not do ! If you wish to achieve something ... pick up the sword and hack them ! Wipe out all of them ! Not one must escape ! " If you want revenge , it 's time you did something ! " The shroud for martyrdom Fight to the finish ! We can 't put up with this mayhem ! We will avenge blood with blood ! Let 's go ! What were you looking at ? What did you see ? " With his newfound powers , Bhuria had also changed Lali 's appearance " All traces of Lanka had been erased from her mind and psyche And she started considering herself to be ... a contract killer for Mumbai 's underworld Bhuria was deep in meditation to the rudraksh " Gradually , he began hitting upon new mantras ... " new evil powers and newer conspiracies " At 5 this evening . Minerva Towers , Lokhandwala " " He 's belongs to the Company , so watch out " You 'll get 10 grand for the job . You agree ? " Speak up , Bhuria . You agree ? - Agreed " Is that Lali ? All right . I 'll have the photo sent He 's taking a shave . He 'll be out Hey . Get that car moving " Hey ! I 'll carve you apart ! Get lost , dog ! " Go and bump him off Now ! Here you are . Shoot ! " Shoot , I say ! " " What are you doing ? Shoot , I say ! " Lost your nerve ? He taught me something new today Want to see ? - Sure This is nothing . There 's so much more you got to see But you remember nothing . Nothing " Oh no , what ... - Hush " " Look in my eyes , Lali . In my eyes " When Lord Ravana 's dreams are realised ... when everyone in the world turns a demon ... I will anoint you with an iron crown like this one I will first have it adorned I have spent 14 years in exile with this rudraksh It has tormented me so much ... but it has also taught me a lot It 's time your exile came to an end But I 'm still incomplete I haven 't been able to acquire all the powers of the rudraksh " To be honest , I wasn 't worthy of it " See It won 't let me touch it even now I desperately need a brother A brother who will walk with me as a fellow-demon " Who has knowledge , power , truth ... selflessness " " Come the time , he must lay all his power at your feet ... " and sacrifice his own life . Right ? " Lali , that 's the norm among the demons " " Brother kills brother , oh yes " " May you be happy . I know , my child ... " " even after so many years , you still have no child " Do not worry . Here 's an offering made to Lord Shiva Eleven days and nights from today ... you will spend in meditation to Lord Shiva In the temple of Lord Shiva here in our ashram I shall be with you in every ritual you offer You will then see the miracle " You are very kind , Swamiji " Also please show my friends the way They need a miracle too " Come here , my child . Here you are . An offering made to Lord Shiva " It has an electronic motor to pump the ashes Pick up the stuff . We 've got to get out of here Go on . Return that to him " At least hear me out , madam ... - You 're a fake , mister " A cheat . I haven 't the time to listen to anything else " But madam ... hear me out , please " The world is full of impostors ... " who call themselves high priests , godmen and gurus " Separating the genuine ones from this heap of fakes is very difficult My team and I from the University of California ... have toured the entire world in search of that one man ... who will hopefully be genuine . - Have you found him ? " Maybe , I have " This man His name is Varun This woman suffers from arthritis . She can 't move her fingers She 's in agonising pain Strange man . He speaks Sanskrit and English too " He spends his days here and by night , works as a bouncer at a bar " He charges no money for the treatment But he has very long hair " The frame of my camera captures mostly his hair , not his face " Here 's proof of his genuineness The wounds on the old woman 's hands begin to disappear ... and start showing on Varun 's hands How 's your hand now ? - It doesn 't hurt as much Let 's see This kind man has taken away my pain ! The patient was cured . But what happened of Varun ? He collapsed out of pain What a kind man ! He 's an angel ... no one ever takes another man 's pain I 'm only concerned about the truth . After much searching ... I 've found a man who possesses some powers We 've got to see how far he goes Hello Hurry up . The teacher arrived long ago Teacher How I cure them ... ? I don 't know I see a patient and ask Lord Hanuman ... " Why are You inflicting pain on him ? Give his suffering to me " What ? Why not ? Do I lack something ? The Lord has blessed me with a body and soul Can 't I bear this much of pain ? " In a little while , the patient is rid of his pain ... " and I remain suffering Lord Hanuman is everyone 's Lord . But He loves me very much He can 't bear to see me suffering for long He comes and takes my pain away . That 's it then They 're all cured " Are you speaking the truth , Varun ? " " When both your eyes are closed , use the third eye " Lord Shiva 's vision . The circle of the mind Concentrate the powers of your eyes to the third-eye " In the darkness , you will begin to see a strange light " " No , you will still not see anything ... " because it 's only for the eyes to see But you will get to know everything soon " Because it 's for the circle of the mind to get to know , without even seeing " It 's so difficult to understand you You take on people 's suffering and don 't even accept any money Nothing stirs without money nowadays What do you gain by doing all this ? I 've found a beautiful nymph from America ... " who has a strange crush on me . - Varun , be serious " This is my small house What 's all this ? I 'm a Brahmin . Also a priest My father is the pontiff of a hermitage in the Himalayas For me to pray every day ... What is the rudraksh ? Rudraksh which means the beads of Rudra ( Lord Shiva ) A tear from Lord Shiva 's eye You don 't even touch a one-dimensioned rudraksh It 's only worshipped Why ? Will it bite if I touch it ? If you are not worthy of it ... its powers could destroy you How ? You ask too many questions And you try very hard to scare me And I like you very much too . Except one thing You had very long hair Hey ! What have you done ? Love is godliness ... by God 's design Love is godliness ... by God 's design For those with crazed hearts ... Iove is a desire It is fun ... Iove is succour Love is the magic ... that goes to your head It is the fragrance ... that lingers in your being Love is godliness ... by God 's design Those that love ... know what love is Love ... heeds none " Love is a promise , love is a pledge ... " " love gives you the strength to bear any sorrow " The magic of love ... goes to your head Let the fragrance of love ... linger in your being Love is godliness ... by God 's design Let the hues of love ... " lend colour to your youthfulness " " in love , our legend shall blossom " " Love lends colour to every moment ... " " love teaches you the way to life " Let the magic of love ... go to your head " Let the fragrance of love ... " merge into your being Love is godliness ... by God 's design Varun 's brain-scan says that the dark-cells in his brains ... " that have never been used before , are being slowly activated " Varun is right now in the condition of a patient dying in hospital His B.P. And heart-rate are all falling ... only the electro-magnetic field is rising steadily " But no , this man will not die " He will awaken . To a new light This state is called the samadhi in Yoga Modern science hasn 't yet been able to understand it His vital energies have all been awakened His energies have activated the prostatic zone " Unto You , we submit , O Lord Ganesha " No ordinary man uses his brain more than one per cent But Varun 's brain is activated to the extent of 70 per cent right now My university will give me as much money as I ask for the research ! " Actually , I shouldn 't have been doing this " " Had my father been here , he 'd have been angry with me " How did you pull off the magic with the can ? " God again ! What is God all about , after all ? " What is Suzy doing ? The file is being downloaded via the wireless Internet And where is the file ? - In some part of the world " With the help of a password on Internet , we can access any file in cyberspace " God is like the Internet too . A Divine Internet " That connects every living being , every animal and life in the world " If the Internet exists in the cyberspace ... the Divine Internet encompasses all realms The Realm beyond time and space That which Einstein gave the name of the Quantum Domain " Where past , present and future are all alike " There is nothing like far away and near The Divine Realm is God 's playground Where divine sport is born every moment Where everything is possible Like I had that can lifted in the air " Similarly , I can get into someone 's bank-locker ... " and make away with the jewellery . I can open the lock of someone 's mind ... " and enter into it . I can even play with his mind , if I wish to " But what if a thief or someone evil got into your Quantum Domain ? It would spell doom As it so often happened in the bygone era Such people are called demons . - Oh come on . Demons ! They exist only in mythology ! What have I to do in this asylum ? " Please leave us alone for a while , doctor " C 'mon " Varun , this experiment is part of my research " We 've been studying this lunatic for some days This man 's electro-magnetic radiation is just like yours The only difference is that his radiation is black and yours is white Take a look " If you could cure him , it would make my research a success " " lt 'll awaken the whole world , Varun " " Come to your senses , Gayatri . Before curing him ... " I 'll have to taken upon myself his madness So what 's wrong ? Lord Hanuman is always there to protect you I can 't do it " Look , Mister ! I haven 't come here ... " with a huge team and spent millions to watch your song and dance ! Do you also want money ? So tell me " 100,000 ? 200,000 ? 300,000 ... ? " For how long shall you remain a prisoner ? Do you forget ? A whole new world awaits you All it waits for is a nod from you No " You must understand it at least now , Varun " They have tried to eliminate us in every age " But in truth , no one has ever been able to wipe us out " I am the past and the future of this universe I am willing to share my throne with you What else do you want ? " Just give me a sword , so I can kill you " A sword ... ? Why one ? You may have two of them Now you 're every bit my brother " That was wonderful , Varun " Why 're you following me ? You have no idea who you are How deep you can go So give up these worldly ties ... and learn to fly like me " No , no ... " " Try and understand , Varun . My burden 's too heavy to shoulder " We have to shape an entirely new world How will I be able to handle such a momentous task on my own ? I 'm on the look out for a brother ... - No ... " and you are the brother , Varun . I 'm your brother , Varun " " Varun , I 'm your brother ! - No ! " I 'm your brother ! Don 't ever leave me . Don 't ... Varun ! Where am I ? - This is our house You had passed out so we brought you here For how long ? - 2 days 2 days ? But ... what happened of the patient ? His electro-magnetic field has come down to normal The folks in the hospital said that he never used to go to sleep " And now , he 's fast asleep " " Congratulations , Varun . You have cured him " These are the words he kept muttering for years We think there 's surely a connection between his insanity and these words " In fact , Dr Gayatri has started a new experiment on him " Death occurring in riots across the world is estimated at 850 lives " For the second day , riots continue to rage in Asia 's major cities " The Government today pressed its security forces to control the riots ... We 're playing the madman 's voice to this mouse The voice has frozen the mouse It is undergoing a very strange transformation " Suzy , it 's looking at you " What 's happening to you ? There 's a change in the mouse 's DNA molecule It has undergone a genetic mutation Which means it isn 't a mouse anymore ... it has become an animal of another species ! This is the first time something like this has ever happened in an experiment I can now understand why you and I have met I 'll tell you . I 'm going to win the Nobel Prize And so God has sent you to me . So that I can conduct ... an experiment like this one and shake up the whole world Right ? It 's all happening because we 've got to stop him The distance between the world and paradise is sometimes ... just a step away The mouse 's genetic structure was changed with just a voice " For you , however ... " just a gesture is enough Hey Suzy ... where 've you been ? Why 're you doing this ... ? Why ? Who wants to put me to a test ? Tell me ! Are you all right ? Where are you going ? - To stop him " The police couldn 't stop the riots for the fourth successive day " " The list of those wounded has touched 150 in Mumbai alone " Ms Gayatri is a citizen of the U.S. You can 't detain her " These are her papers . - Okay , you can take her away " Please sign here I want to forget everything I want to remember anything of this " You have a cure for everyone , Varun . You must cure me today " " What pain is this ? What thirst ... ? " I wish you wouldn 't ask " When you do realise what it is ... " I wish you wouldn 't ask A strange excitement ... " takes away from me the control over myself " " What pain is this ? What thirst ... ? " I wish you wouldn 't ask " When you do realise what it is ... " I wish you wouldn 't ask " Your pierce has lent fragrance ... " to my warm breath " Never before has anyone touched me like this ... " " how will I tell you what state I am in " My heart has been driven crazy ... " it 's the doing of the spell you have cast " " What pain is this ? What thirst ... ? " I wish you wouldn 't ask It 's such a strange feeling ... I wish you wouldn 't ask The temple Namaskar . - Namaskar Let 's go and see . Where is this voice ? Is this a mantra of the occult ? " No , it 's the ... " " It 's a shadow . Isn 't it father ? - Yes , it 's a shadow " Where man keeps mumbling a few chosen words again and again ? The seed of the mantra is first sown in the brains " And as he listens to it , man begins to change " To what extent he changes ... depends on the man 's weaknesses or the power of the one who recites it " Which means , these voices and this shadow ... ? " Appear to be the rantings of a madman But the seed of the mantra is hidden in him Can the seed of the mantra be removed then ? No " If father makes the attempt , he 'll have to face the influence of the mantra " " Son , get father 's ganyantra " Ganyantra ? The ganayantra " For several years , my father has been trying to explain ... " the secrets of the mantras to people through the computer I now understand why you have such long hair Found it ! " You mustn 't chant such a wicked mantra , my child " " This mantra is surely not from the Rig , Saam , Yajur or Atharva vedas " Then ? Gayatri ! He 's my father ! - But I need to know The seed of the testament of the demons I was right . As the Texts say ... " several of the evil mantras begin with " Rak " This is a mantra from there But what is the testament of the demons ? A demon free of the fear of Indra ... adept at warfare and evil " Chand , Mund , Brashmasur , Maheshasur ... " they were all demons too ... who derived their powers from their own vedas " Towards the end of an aeon , a bloody battle was fought ... " in which the demons and their philosophy were wiped out from earth " I don 't know why , but thousands of years later in another age ... " the demons returned . - You mean Ravana ... ? It is said that Ravana prayed unto Lord Shiva ... and got from Him a rudraksh Ravana placed the essence of his philosophy in the rudraksh ... and turned into it a seed of power Lord Rama vanquished Ravana . So what happened of the rudraksh ? It was believed that the rudraksh was razed to ashes in Lanka The demons were wiped out from the face of earth . Am I correct ? So how did he return to earth in the form of Ravana ? Ravana 's rudraksh was razed to ashes thousands of years ago . Correct ? So how can a mantra contained in the rudraksh ... get into the mind of a madman in Mumbai ? " If the Texts are to be believed , the demons can return anytime " Because the demons are said to be like the tail of a lizard " Cut it , and it 'll grow " " Cut it again , and it 'll grow again " And you cut it all over again ... Slay the demon ! Father ! Father ! Father ... The world will be plunged in darkness No man shall remain human " Father , please don 't leave me " Father ... Have you forgotten ? The soul is immortal I shall forever be with you Father ... father ... " Do not cry , my son . Do not cry " Do you remember the Hanuman Chalisa I had taught you as a child ? Recite it with me now ... " Hail Lord Hanuman , the ocean of knowledge " " Hail to You , You illuminate all the three worlds with Your glory " " You are the divine messenger of Shri Rama ... " " The repository of immeasurable strength ... " " known as Son of Pavan ( Wind ) , born of Anjani " You are valiant and brave ... Varun ... look at this " Dr Gayatri , at a time like this , when his father has just ... " I think we must leave him alone . - Shut up and get to work " Don 't forget , you 're a scientist . And this is an experiment too " Whoever you are ... " man , beast or demon ... " your picture is etched on my mind forever With my mental powers ... I will surely find a clue to your identity Who are you ? Where have you come from ? I wish to see ! " What 's happening , Lali ... ? And why ? " I can 't understand anything Everything will be all right Everything will be all right " Lali , please don 't leave me " Don 't leave me and go away No ... I will not leave you . I won 't ever Who was that girl ? What place was that ? Who are you ? Tell me ! I 'll tell you ... I 'll explain First set me free No ! Leave him alone ! Leave me alone ! I haven 't committed any crime ! I have committed no crime ! Set me free ! - Leave him alone ! At least set Lali free ! Let Lali go ! Don 't hit him ! Don 't ... At least let Lali go ! Don 't hit him ! R-A-K ... R-E-E ... Put your hands up ! C 'mon ! Lali ... we 'll now lead a different kind of life Yala ... ? Yala police station ? Yala ... where is it ? It 's nowhere in India Calm down " Come on out ... step out , I say ! " Come out ! Won 't you ... ? Yala Police Station . This is the place It isn 't safe for you to be here " In that case , record everything on this tape " I 've been around the world " Brother , I 'm from India " What ? This man beat up everyone at the police station and left ? How 's that possible ? Nothing like that ever happened in ten years of my career Get the car Got to go . Riots in Yala Town Move it ... hurry up ! Excuse me ... you saw this man ? Mister ... you saw this man ? " You recognise him , don 't you ? " It happened 14 years ago A little distance from here is an archeological site Very old . From the times of Ravana You know what archeology is ? " Those whites wear shorts and wave their brushes around , you know ? " What happened then ? - Murder Someone killed five or six men one night There was also a theft 11 kms away from the Yala-Colombo highway is a cave on the mountains " In a search conducted there , we came across a madman " This man ? Yes . A wild bull Even ten men couldn 't control him R-A-K ... You guys let him just walk away ? Didn 't you even try to catch him ? Who 'd dare do that ? We were scared out of our wits " The seniors asked us to close the file , so we did " How about the girl ? What happened of her ? Girl ? But there was no girl " Try and recall , brother " I 'm told that he was beaten up in the lock up That they hammered nails into his palms and even tried to rape the girl What would he do if not hit back in such a situation ? Nonsense ! Who fed you this yarn ? It 's a lie ! " And your story ? It 's true , isn 't it ? " I swear it on my mother ! Look ... I was hurt too " How can what this policeman is saying and what I saw , be at variance ? " The demon has obviously penetrated my mind and is playing games with me He 's very smart He 's beginning to understand your ploy That 's exactly why it 's necessary to win him over with love " To be honest , there 's no one like Varun in the whole world " Life and death of a man like him will both be useful for me But that girl ... she 's not going to stop following him " We 'll wipe her out too , the moment we have the opportunity " " Scenes of my father 's death , I didn 't myself see ... " they were shown to me . - You mean ... they were fake ? - No . But they weren 't real either How 's that possible ? Who could ever get close to the circle of your mind ? Through the Divine Internet " But , how could anyone else get the password to your mind ? " That 's precisely the question I 'm trying to find an answer to 11 kms away from the Yala-Colombo highway is a cave on the mountains " In a search conducted there , we came across a madman " Let him look in the imaginary skies . We 'll check the caves on the ground " You recognise this cave , Varun ? " It was raining heavily He was lying right there Why have we to fear them ? On this root is the print of a man 's right hand " Henceforth , I will never touch you again ! " I 'll never touch you ! Why 're you tormenting me so much ? Why ? I 'm already a slave to you ! I 'm a slave to you ! A slave to you ! Right behind Nandi is an eight-feet tall iron statue And this idol isn 't of any Hindu deity This appears to be dried blood ! Don 't touch anything there ! " Gayatri , get out of there ! " C 'mon ! Quick ! " God ! Save us , please ! " Looks like someone has heard our prayers C 'mon ! Quick ! Where are you going ? There 's a task left incomplete He lay buried for thousands of years " With Lord Shiva 's blessings , it 's time to send him back " " O Lord of wisdom and intellect ... " " I offer my prayers to You " " O God of intellectual wisdom " Hail Lord Shiva June 12 : 1991 Our search has suddenly reached a very exciting phase Looks like India 's history and culture will get a new direction " That this is Ravana 's rudraksh , there is no doubt " According to the Texts ... " it bears the inscription of the trident , the phallic symbol ... " " and the Sanskrit word " Ra " Who 's that ... ? Come on out ! Scoundrel ! Hands up ! Hands up ! Can 't you hear me ? Calm down . And put your gun away No one has used that gun for several years now It doesn 't have any cartridges either Who are you ? Don 't bother about that You could say I 'm here to help you You haven 't slept for years " Henceforth , you will not have anymore nightmares " His name was Bhuria . He came from Bihar He used to be a labour-contractor I know him very well There was a lot of bloodshed . It was too much ... You have bravely faced all the hardships Chant Lord Hanuman 's name ... and you will be rid of this fear forever " Victory to thee , O 'Hanuman ! Ocean of Wisdom " " Hail to you O 'Kapisa ! You illuminate all the three worlds " " You are the divine messenger of Shri Rama " " The repository of immeasurable strength ... " " known only as Son of Pavan ( Wind ) , born of Anjani " " With Limbs as sturdy as Vajra ( The mace of God Indra ) ... " you are valiant and brave " On you attends good Sense and Wisdom . You dispel the darkness of evil thoughts " " Your physique is beautiful golden coloured and your dress is pretty " " You wear ear rings and have long curly hair " " You appeared before Sita in a diminutive form and spoke to in humility " " You assumed an awesome form and struck terror by setting Lanka on fire " " With over-whelming might you destroyed the demons ... " " and performed all tasks assigned to you by Shri Rama " " All the ghosts , demons and evil forces keep away ... " " with the sheer mention of your great name , O 'Mahaveer ! " I 'm neither ghost nor monster . Why are you afraid of me ? I 've been looking for you for ages . Don 't you want to meet me ? What happened ? The job we were here for has been completed So where is he ? He could be anywhere in the world What I know is that he left this place 14 years ago And he didn 't return " When a brother lets a brother down , he 's being a traitor ! " If not in the book of law ... it 's a grave sin where relations are concerned ! How did the channel change ? - And he shall be punished for it ! " I know you well . You 're Varun , aren 't you ? " See ? Haven 't I recognised you ? What are you staring at me for ? You refuse to recognise me ... ? What 's happening ? A message is being sent out to me . - Message ? But this is a TV programme ! How would he know when and what channel you 're watching ? He knows everything " Fire , Earth , Air , Water and Skies ... " he has learnt to play with the five elements So what are we supposed to do ? I 'm here in Mumbai . Where are you ? " Come over to Mumbai , if you wish to meet me " We must go to Mumbai Your car-keys Let 's go Our time is here The mantra of the demons is being broadcast on all TV and radio channels Ravana 's great mantra ... which will turn every human into a demon " Lali , our exile comes to an end " We 're getting into the battlefield Varun ... where are you ? Come to me ! In your arms ... come and take me Whatever you wish ... you may do with me Riots have broken out at several places in Mumbai . Our correspondent ... Why are these riots taking place ? " India , China , U.S. A ... riots have broken out everywhere " I now understand . - It 's the same voice Why did you fire ? Our leader ! They 've killed our ... There 's no leader . There is no cause for all this ! You don 't even remember anything ! Isn 't that right ? " O demon ... you wanted to meet me , didn 't you ? " It 's I who wants to meet you now So where are you ? All action is happening here ! At the Radio City Towers ! This is where I am and this is where you ought to be ! " Where would there be an opportunity like this ? " " Of times unknown , and uncertainity " " Come , let me show you ... " the excitement that is on offer A sight like this one ... where else would you behold ? " Nothing is impossible . You must make them see ... " " the Moon and the stars , we must bring to the earth " " For a moment , hold me in your arms today " Whatever your desire ... fulfill it with me today Get a hold on your heart ... with my name on your lips " Swallow the wine that will bring you back to your senses " " On your lips ... - Let there be a song " " Let your eyes ... - take it all in " " From the roses ... - Take away the petals " " From the heavens ... - Steal the good cheer " " For a moment , hold me in your arms today " " Your part in the game is up , Gayatri . - But Varun ... " " From here , I 'm going all alone . - No , Varun " Your life is in danger . I 'm not leaving you here all alone You had started an experiment called Varun ... and He has made sure that it 's a success I 've reached Bhuria . And this battle is between Bhuria and me There 's no room for you in the fight . - Who are you to decide that ? " Varun , I 'm going with you " Go back . Please This is the new tune I 've written ... for a new era . Do you like it ? " I know , it 's going to be difficult for you to forgive me " " I 'm your father 's killer , after all " It 's true that I 'm no longer human I 've turned a demon to the core I 'll obtain so many more powers with it ! " You must be wondering how Bhuria , a mere labour-contractor ... " " could get so far ... isn 't that true , Varun ? " Ravana 's rudraksh has returned to rule the world It isn 't an ordinary rudraksh worn by ascetics and mendicants " In scientific terms , it 's a multi-dimensional hologram " In the form of a seed How would you know what powers the demons of yore wielded ? " What I regret is that , when I found this rudraksh ... " I wasn 't wise enough to understand it I didn 't possess your wisdom and knowledge I was like a wild beast lmagine Ravana ... and Bhuria ! How the rudraksh tormented me ! " I showed you a glimpse of my pathetic state , didn 't I ? " " You mean , your thought transmission ! It was all a lie ! " To mislead me ! Why did you kill my father ? That old man ... ? " No , Varun , no ... he 's not your father " I 'll change that perception too You will never remember your father again " Because , henceforth , you won 't be human at all " You will be a demon . Just like me " All this power , all these forms will give you nothing , Bhuria " " Remember the " Ramayana " " Although Ravana had all the powers , he wasn 't enlightened enough " " By abducting Sita , he invited his own death " Whereas Rama was like any other common man He never displayed his powers without reason " But when the occasion demanded , in one swift blow , he finished Ravana " " Driven insane by his powers , Ravana was craving for death " He wished to live only till such time as there were opponents to face His quest for death led him to Panchvati ... " to Goddess Sita 's doorstep , in the guise of a beggar ... " begging for death Just like you You are the one who will beg for death ! " The struggle is no good , Varun " The electro-magnetic field will not let you unleash your circle It will take you straightaway to the netherworld Look ... look around you Riots have broken out everywhere in the world Millions are accepting the doctrine of the demons There 's going to be a very strange transformation from here The beginning of the world war Between man and demon I got to go Varun . I got to go Father ... ? " I 'm being wiped out from your sub-conscious mind , my son " I have very little time " What 's happening to me , father ? " " It is the experience of death , Varun " You are dying Where am I ? There 's a void between life and death ... which is known as the netherworld . That 's where your soul is headed " I don 't want to die , father " Please save me The thread of your life hasn 't yet snapped There 's still time . But in order to live ... " you will have to accept the doctrine of the demons , in heart and soul " " In that case , rather I go to the netherworld , father " " You mustn 't think like that , my son . Don 't you know ? " You 're the only one in the world who can annihilate him If you accept being a demon ... you will gain far more powers than Bhuria " Pandit Ved Bhushan 's son can never be a demon , father " Should I annihilate Bhuria ... I will become far more detestable and monstrous than him His sword will then become mine and his hatred shall be my hatred " There is a way out , Varun " You can turn human from demon But the secret to that ... Father ... - the secret ... father ... - the secret ... the rudraksh ! The rudraksh ! Rudraksh ... the seed of power " The seed of power , the annihilator " The almighty demons The fountainhead of power " To Thee , I bow " " No , Varun ... my dear brother ! " " Don 't , my dear brother " The moment you turn a demon ... " you badly want to show your might , isn 't it ? " " Have patience , my dear brother . Your time will arrive " The rudraksh would never let me touch it And you have it in your possession ? But you mustn 't betray me . That rudraksh belongs to me ! Return it to me ! We 're all your slaves ... but the rudraksh belongs only to us " With so much of love , I accepted you as my brother " In exchange ... you kill me like this ? Why ... ? Why ? That 's the norm among the demons Brother kills brother That rudraksh ... I 've worshipped it for 14 long years I was a slave to it " Before I die , let me touch it just once , Varun " " Varun , please ... " once ... let me touch it just once . Just once " Just once , Varun ! Varun ... "
