 The sweltering days may still continue , but summer vacation has come to an end . The days of studying are about to begin again . Shock ! The government was having diplomatic relations with aliens ! Shock ! The government was having diplomatic relations with aliens ! The Cabinet Secretary 's announcement earlier was such a surprise ! Yes . Even the announcement in May ! The Japanese government seems to have a lot of secrets . Nothing 's gonna surprise me at this point ! Boo ! Ah ! You scared me ! Yes ? Ah ! You scared me ! Yes ? Liar ! Ms. Murata , you have a package . That was a " startle surprise ! " When I say I 'm not going to be " surprised " ... That was a " startle surprise ! " When I say I 'm not going to be " surprised " ... I mean " amazed surprised , " by the alien and political issues ! Do you see how I 'm differentiating the two ? Yeah , yeah . Whatever you say . Moving along ... Once more ... Coming ! Yeah , yeah . Whatever you say . Moving along ... Once more ... Yeah , yeah . Whatever you say . Moving along ... Once more ... Yes ? What 's the package ? A bundle of love , for you . Huh ? Love ? Love ... Love ... Love ... Umm ... I don 't see it . Where is it ? You 're my love . Oh , stop it ! I 'm home . Welcome home . Today 's the beginning of the new semester . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru Father 's Return It 's an alien ! Ha-chan ! Hey , so how was America ? They were in the middle of an alien frenzy , way more than here . I think it might get popular again in Japan , after that news this morning . Yeah . So , let 's back track to what happened a little earlier . Morning . This is rare ... I can 't believe you came down without someone waking you up . What 's going on ? I thought I might as well , since it 's the first day of the semester . This is my true ability . This ? This where ? This thing ? Ability Punch ! Oww ! You broke my tooth ! Liar . Hey , stop fighting ! But Hajime started it ! Let 's see ... I 'm going to watch the news and think about global affairs . My apologies for doing this so early in the morning . Please bear with us . Huh ? Did something happen again ? I don 't know . Cabinet Secretary lori Ito Cabinet Secretary lori Ito Getting straight to the point , we are having a diplomatic exchange with the aliens . Cabinet Secretary lori Ito Cabinet Secretary lori Ito I 'm sure the Prime Minister will be giving a more detailed announcement later . Cabinet Secretary lori Ito In referring to this matter , the government will use the name " Space Diplomacy Agenda " from now on . Leaders of various countries and the United Nations Secretary General will be making similar statements shortly . The fundamentals of the Space Diplomacy ... There you have it . Flashback over . The fundamentals of the Space Diplomacy ... Opening Ceremony Opening Ceremony I was listening to the extended weather forecast and it looks like ... Opening Ceremony ... the heat will continue , even though your summer vacation is over . ... the heat will continue , even though your summer vacation is over . Try not to get lazy from the heat , and make sure to keep studious and active . Space Diplomacy Occuring ! Prime Minister announces in his interviewtoday . " We are having diplomatic relations with aliens ! " said CabinetSecretary , lto . Try not to get lazy from the heat , and make sure to keep studious and active . Try not to get lazy from the heat , and make sure to keep studious and active . Remember , in September we 'll be having the Cultural Festival ... Thus , everyone 's morning in all of Japan was dominated by this news ... I think . Remember , in September we 'll be having the Cultural Festival ... Thus , everyone 's morning in all of Japan was dominated by this news ... I think . ... and the members of the sports clubs will be participating in various competitions , Thus , everyone 's morning in all of Japan was dominated by this news ... I think . such as first year meets . such as first year meets . At Misumaru Middle School at least , it was everywhere . such as first year meets . At Misumaru Middle School at least , it was everywhere . Everyone , please make sure to prepare and practice ... At Misumaru Middle School at least , it was everywhere . ... in order to rise to the next level with ease . ... in order to rise to the next level with ease . And so ! The shocking announcement ! What do you mean , " And so " ? It 's incredible ! We 're mingling with aliens ! When you say " mingling " it all sounds nice , but I really wonder if we can do it . Unidentified Flying Objects above Tokyo United Nations and Aliens Hold Security Meeting Unidentified Flying Objects above Tokyo United Nations and Aliens Hold Security Meeting Unidentified Flying Objects above Tokyo It 's been three hours since the interview , so there are a lot of articles now . United Nations and Aliens Hold Security Meeting Aliens have not yet shown themselves It 's been three hours since the interview , so there are a lot of articles now . United Nations and Aliens Hold Security Meeting United Nations Underwater Project ! Aliens have not yet shown themselves It 's been three hours since the interview , so there are a lot of articles now . United Nations and Aliens Hold Security Meeting United Nations Underwater Project ! TheJapanese Government 's Top Secret ... Aliens have not yet shown themselves It 's been three hours since the interview , A new threat is com ing . Beware . Asoug i I 'm fired up ! Tonight 's TV programs are all going to be special reports ! I 'm burning up ! I bet it 'll be all robot and alien shows . Or maybe it 'll be shows where they 'll debate until morning . Forget it , then . But , I wonder how many more secrets the government and the United Nations have ? Good point ! Is this ... ! ? The mysterious giant operation on the Pacific Ocean was a Spaceport that enables space shuttles to land and launch ! The mysterious giant operation on the Pacific Ocean was a Spaceport that enables space shuttles to land and launch ! This spaceport construction is amazing ! It 's basically a secret base ! From the mouth of a government official . Aspaceportis currentlybeing built on Tanegashima This spaceport construction is amazing ! It 's basically a secret base ! Secret Government Project : A " Spaceport " for the Takeoff and Landing of Spaceships This spaceport construction is amazing ! It 's basically a secret base ! I wonder where and how they made this ? At Tanegashima , it says . Tanegashima ? Hey , everyone get to your seats ! Are you guys done with your space discussion ? We 're starting homeroom . Get to your seats . Teacher , you took your time this morning ! I took my time for you guys . I was drinking tea and having a discussion about aliens . It 's at Tanegashima ... I 'm home ! Coming ! Welcome home . Welcome home ! Welcome home ! Welcome home ! I 'm home . It 's been six months since you got an airplane ride ! Tonight 's dinner is curry . Yeah ! Yeah ! Hey , that 's enough you two . It 's been six months since I 've had curry . Mom doesn 't make it ? You 're the curry cook of this house , so I don 't mind . It 's because you can 't make anything else but curry . We respect it as your exclusive dish . Why , thank you . I can 't wait to eat ! How is it , princess ? Good ! I am pleased ! What was that ? But , it 's weird . You 're terrible at cutting things and making food , so why does it taste so good ? Terrible ? That 's mean ! But I 'm right , aren 't I ? Look at the potato ... See ! I guess that was a little big . Talk about bad luck for Hajime , though . He has club activities on a day like this . He 'll be back this afternoon . What club was it again ? Festival Club ! Festival , eh ? Curry is better than a festival . You know ... The image of a bunch of guys eating jelly-buns in an empty room is kind of sad . We can 't help it ! It 's a club activity . Plus , it 's kind of hard to ask your folks for a packed lunch on the first day of school . You 're such a good son , Atsushi . My parents told me to buy bread . I didn 't even have a chance to ask . What are we going to do today ? Try to come up with a game plan for the Cultural Festival . What are we actually going to be doing for the Cultural Festival ? True to our name , we 're going to have a festival . What kind of festival ? Like , do a bonodori dance with the aliens ? Oh , that 's great ! Third Cultural Festival Representative Committee Meeting 1 ) A detailed plan outline - due today 2 ) Writing Programs 3 ) Album Committee Third Cultural Festival Representative Committee Meeting 1 ) A detailed plan outline - due today 2 ) Writing Programs 3 ) Album Committee That 's a wrap for today . Third Cultural Festival Representative Committee Meeting 1 ) A detailed plan outline - due today 2 ) Writing Programs 3 ) Album Committee Third Cultural Festival Representative Committee Meeting 1 ) A detailed plan outline - due today 2 ) Writing Programs 3 ) Album Committee Regarding the Cultural Festival Representative Committee schedule in September and October ... Regarding the Cultural Festival Representative Committee schedule in September and October ... I will be putting together and passing out a schedule based on today 's discussion . Good job everyone . Muryou . Yes , did you need something ? Is there going to be a club meeting now ? Yes . They 're letting us use the music room , so we 'll be having it in there . By the way ... do you watch the morning news ? I do . Have you heard anything from Asougi at all ? About the space diplomacy ? No , nothing really . I see . Except that a new threat is approaching . A threat ? Is it an enemy ? I don 't know . I wonder . Stop being so stubborn . Ask them if you can join ... the ... club . What ! ? Don 't get the wrong idea ! Wrong idea , eh ? Shun ! Scary ! Lieutenant Weinul gave me some very good tea-leaves . Seems like that Zaiglian is becoming more knowledgeable about tea than the people of Earth . Earth 's announcement earlier came as a complete surprise . You didn 't know either ? The Sanemori clan was shocked too . Granted , that 's because they believed they were the leading experts on alien relations . They 're probably getting together and having a meeting , right about now . I don 't understand what my superiors are thinking . Your superiors ? The Galactic Federation Council , was it ? I 'm trying to contact them right now . Up until recently , they had ordered me to avoid any public association with this undeveloped planet . But this current situation is obviously contradictory to what they said . I guess there 's more to us and the Galactic Federation than meets the eye . Record of the School Wars : MURYO U I 'm sure the Prime Minister will be giving a more detailed announcement later but yes , we are having diplomatic relations with aliens . Discussing Space Diplomacy Discussing Space Diplomacy Does this mean we 've been deceived all this time ? Discussing Space Diplomacy Discussing Space Diplomacy Rather than deceived , Rather than deceived , Critic Mitsutoshi Sugawa Rather than deceived , Critic Mitsutoshi Sugawa I think they withheld the information until the time was right . I think they withheld the information until the time was right . As proof , we are able to calmly discuss this as we are now , without panicking . Oh no , I 'm very excit - Actress Aoi Yokkaichi Oh no , I 'm very excit - In this matter , the government ... Prime Minister Touru Yamada In this matter , the government ... Continuing ... Ponpoko ! How do the people feel ? How do the people feel ? I 'm very excited . How do the people feel ? How do the people feel ? What is going on , exactly ? How do the people feel ? How do the people feel ? I think we should wait and see what happens . How do the people feel ? How do the people feel ? What do aliens look like ? Like me ! The people of Earth are so laid back while the Galactic Federation and the people of Tenmo are going nuts right now . The Galactic Federation is also going nuts ? I 'm sure Ms. Isozaki and the people in the lower ranks are really irritated right now . I 'm sure they 're doing everything to find the culprit who brought up the idea to have diplomatic relations with Earth . The culprit ? Is it that bad for the Galactic Federation to have diplomatic relations with Earth ? Earth is well , let 's see ... For example , it 's comparable to a national treasure , or a national park ... Other countries have also started to take action ! it 's comparable to a national treasure , or a national park ... Other countries have also started to take action ! Other countries have also started to take action ! It 's fine to cherish it , It 's fine to cherish it , but breaking the branches or capturing animals isn 't allowed , since ... United Nations Secretary Chief Conference ! " Planning to have a Space Meeting in the coming days " but breaking the branches or capturing animals isn 't allowed , since ... but breaking the branches or capturing animals isn 't allowed , since ... The Japanese Government was secretly building a Spaceport ! ? ... this is the last paradise , after all . The Japanese Government was secretly building a Spaceport ! ? It sounds nice when you put it like that , but you actually treat it as if it were inferior . Well , essentially Earth is a planet that can 'tjoin the Galactic Federation . It 's treated as a child . A child ! An evil adult is deceiving the child to take something away ... Is it you ? Are you the one who is trying to have diplomatic relations with Earth ? Come on ! It 's not me . Besides , I don 't think all the adults are evil , and I don 't think all the kids are thoughtless . It 's rather ridiculous that the most accurate information we have available is from TV . Shut up ! They must 've tricked our information source somehow ! Well , it 's not like the people of Tenmo have any kind of connections , especially in foreign diplomacy . I would 've become a political member of the parliament if I knew this was going to happen . I thought the Galactic Federation limited themselves to this town ! I thought it was decided that the aliens would only be allowed access through Tenmo ! It sure has been a long time . Yup , it 's been sooooo long ! I hope mom finishes her errand at the library soon . Yeah . Are you happy ? I am . Then , why are you and mom always apart ? Well ... It 's because mom likes the library here a lot . And dad ... Dad has to finish his importantjob at Tanegashima . There 's not much we can do about that . It 's only for a little while . But ... I miss you . I see ... But , I 'll forgive you for all that ... if we go there ! Konaya Snack-shop A Japanese tea and dessert shop ? That 's very tasteful . I 've started to enjoy the fine company and the luxuries of adults lately . Where 'd that come from ? This must be an old archive from this area . Yes , both the original and the film have survived . This library is so amazing . The amount of film that 's stored here is unbelievable . It 's very challenging . I 'm glad to hear that . Thank you for taking care of the transfer . Oh , my pleasure . Okay . I got it . Then , we 'll wait for you at the Konaya ... Yup ... That 's right , at the anmitsu shop . I 'll talk to you later . You and mom are so great together . What 's with you ? First you make a sour face and then you compliment us ? That 's not what I mean . I 'm saying from a child 's eyes , you guys are great together . It 's heartwarming . Oh really ? Mom is so cool . Yes , she is . It makes me so proud when we use an old book in class , that mom digitized . Let me explain ... My wife 's job is to find old books and microfilm , and transfer them into digital caption files . Dad , who are you talking to ? No one . Jeez , you and Hajime are so weird at times . What are we gonna do with you guys ? Ah , nice and cool . Mr. Aloha 's friend ! Hi Futaba ! Why , hello . You came back home ? Yes . I was finally able to make some time . You two know each other ? Yeah . Futaba , you know this man too ? Yup ! He 's a friend of a friend ! We have a common friend . Recently he and Futaba had a barbecue on the beach . That sounds nice . Where is everyone else ? I think everyone 's busy , because they 've started working . It 's because the world announced its plan for space diplomacy . I 'm sure there are a lot of things going on . I see . We had our opening ceremony today too . Everyone 's so busy . I don 't want to bother you two when you haven 't seen each other in a while . I 'll see you later . There 's no need to , it 's fine . No . No . See you later , Futaba . Bye-bye ! Huh ? Mr. So is such a considerate guy . I feel bad that he had to do that . What are you saying ? We haven 't been on a date in so long ! Stop acting like that ! Okay , okay . I understand . It 'll be perfect once mom gets here . Oh boy . We 've been looking for you , Mr. Murata . What 's the matter ? My apologies . What ? What is it ? All right ... Huh ? Mom ! What is it ? I 'm sorry . It was an accident . I 'm home ! Futaba , I have good news ! Muryou 's here ! Hello . Huh ? I wonder if they went shopping ? It 's curry . Did the schedule get pushed up ? I 'm very sorry . The United Nations meeting is being held a day earlier . That 's why ... Yes , I see . I 'll see you later then . I 'll e-mail you later . Okay . Oh , that 's right ! Lots of love ... Hey , that 's not fair ! Me too ! Me too ! Here we go ! Here we go ! Here we go ! Mr. Murata ! Yes , let 's get going . I 'll see you later , Futaba . Give Hajime my love . Okay ! Dad , see you later ! See you later ! Hajime ... take care of Kyoko and Futaba for me . By the way , what does dad do for work ? Well ... you 'll know soon enough . No fair ! You know ! Tell me ! Tell me ! Are you sure it 's alright if we eat this ? Yeah , go ahead . It 's good , isn 't it ? Yeah . Dad was home ... What kind of person is your dad ? Hmm . Let 's see ... He 's not plain , but he 's not flashy either ... He 's basically a normal businessman . Meaning , he 's kind of like you . I wonder if he is ? He has this sort of mystique about him ... That makes him sound even more like you . Muryou ! This , coming from you ? I bet I 'm the only elementary school kid that gets to ride in a United Nations car . Futaba , don 't tell people about this , okay ? I know , it 's a secret , a secret ! Sir ... excuse me . Yes ? Can you please stop at the supermarket on the way ? I prefer Supermarket Sumaru if at all possible . Sure . Pub Yo-chan Kappore What about the Galactic Federation ! ? What about the council committee ! ? Ms. Isozaki . Calm down . Calm down . How am I supposed to calm down about this ? How unusual for her to get so drunk . This has got to be a joke . I wasn 't told anything ! Well , let 's let her drink today . This has got to be a joke . I wasn 't told anything ! This has got to be a joke . I wasn 't told anything ! Oh yeah , there 's someone who I 'd like to introduce you to soon . This has got to be a joke . I wasn 't told anything ! This has got to be a joke . I wasn 't told anything ! Which planet is this person from ? This has got to be a joke . I wasn 't told anything ! This has got to be a joke . I wasn 't told anything ! A person from Earth . This has got to be a joke . I wasn 't told anything ! Hey ... ! You two ! Ms. Isozaki , calm down ! Hey ... ! You two ! Ms. Isozaki , calm down ! Ms. Isozaki , calm down ! Come over here ! Come over here ! Come here ! We 're home ! A lot of things happened today , and dad 's curry was really good . Muryou ! Yeah ! A lot of things happened today , and dad 's curry was really good . Muryou ! Yeah ! I feel like it 's over ... but it 's not , really ... To be continued in the next episode . To be continued Next Episode I 'm Futaba Murata ! It 's been a while since dad came home , so mom is as happy as can be ! Thanks to dad , she 's concentrating on her work , so the Murata siblings will be helping with the housework . Family members have to help one another ! Next episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou ! Calmly , but Suddenly Calmly , but Suddenly Look forward to it !
