 Representatives from countries around the globe are arriving at Narita Airport ... Hajime 's taking a while . I 've invited everyone here to discuss a single issue . What are your plans concerning Earth from this point on ? I 'd like to hear thoughts from both the Galactic Federation and the Cosmos Alliance . To be honest , I wanted to swiftly proceed with negotiations between the Galactic Federation and Earth but ... I can 't allow that . As everyone knows , Earth is in a very unstable position . This all started because of a quarrel between the Galactic Federation and the Cosmos Alliance a long , long time ago . A quarrel ? You must be referring to the last Great War . Yes ! It happened a while ago , before your planet , Planet Altin , joined the Galactic Federation . In Earth years , about ten thousand years ago ... there was a Great War . It was such a foolish act . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru School will be temporarily closed today . Misumaru Middle School Destined Ones Gather School will be temporarily closed today . Misumaru Middle School School will be temporarily closed today . Misumaru Middle School Hey Hajime ! Morning ! M ... Morning ... Hajime , you could have asked us , you know ! You were going to prepare for the Cultural Festival by yourself ? You 're being way too nice ! We 're here to help too . But the school is closed today . The same goes for you . Why are you here when the school is closed ? I was just ... Let 's leave it at that , Hajime . No , this is an instruction I sent , as the leader of the Protectors . We will protect you . You guys ... I didn 't come just because Mineo told me to . I heard that you were here too . Prepping for the Festival Club is fine , but our class exhibition is also behind schedule . Yeah ... Might as well start things off with a bang ! Yeah ! There aren 't that many chances to film without the teachers bothering us ! All right ! Let 's get a jump on prepping for the club and the class exhibitions ! Yeah ! Yeah ! You guys ... I figured this would be going on . Toshio ? School 's closed today ! But you guys are here too . We 're ... It 's okay if we 're here ! Then it 's okay for us too . Us ? Everyone , come in ! Morning ! Morning ! Morning ! Atsushi ? Tsukasa ? Why are you guys here ? You guys aren 't Protectors ! Hi ! Good Morning ! Inagaki ? Today the school is closed , Today the school is closed , Why is Hikaru ... Where 's Hachiyou ? but to everyone who has come , Why is Hikaru ... Where 's Hachiyou ? in stealth and by surprise , Why is Hikaru ... Where 's Hachiyou ? in stealth and by surprise , give yourselves a pat on the back ! He sprinted out of the room . As you can see , there are no teachers today ! Meaning we can do anything we want and whatever we want , in or outside of the school buildings ! BUT ! This is Misumaru 's spirit of freedom and independence ! So , follow the student government 's instructions and let 's have a fun , fulfilling day for the Cultural Festival ! Bye-bye ! Hey ! What are you doing ? What am I doing ? I 'm doing my job . I thought you guys could use the help . It 's true that you guys have amazing powers , but you guys aren 't able to collect information well . The world has been changing rapidly , even in the last two hours . At the United Nations , the Secretary General is making an announcement . Delegates representing America , Europe and Asia are arriving in Japan one after another . This is a well laid-out plan that they 've been preparing for a while . Cabinet Secretary lto was a minister of the Japanese government , but he was also the main person responsible for this project . That 's why ... You 're not like us ! You 're not a Protector , and you 're not a native of Tenmo ! I 'm not the only one , you know . A bunch of people are coming to school thanks to my networking ! What ? Morning ! Morning ! Hey ! Morning ! Mornin' M ... Morning . The last hurdle is ahead of us , sis . Everyone 's at school ? Everyone who ? Everyone ! I mean everyone ! What are you talking about ? Well ... First , Harumi instructed the Protectors to come ... And then , Hikaru spread the word around to the people who aren 't ... So ... So basically everyone came to school ! What kind of explanation is that ? Shut up ! Well , there 's not much you can do if they 're there already . You guys are on your own . Huh ? B ... But ! I 'll talk to you later . Everyone showed up ? Apparently so . I think this might be for the best . Provisional Student Assembly Misumaru MiddleSchool Student Government Here 's the attendance sheet from each class . Two hundred and seventy two students have come to school out of which a hundred and two students are Protectors ... There 's no need . This is a student assembly . It doesn 't matter who is who . We 're all a team at Mischu . Hachiyou ... Let 's start the Provisional Student Assembly . The students are at school ? Yes . I understand . Goodbye . Are you sure ? Don 't you have to go to the school ? There 's something I 'd like to ask you . That 's great ! A question from a beautiful woman ! Sounds sexy ! I went to the Galactic Federation Headquarters to investigate various matters . Uh-huh . Velunnian , Jiltosh . Who are you exactly ? Who am I ? I 'm Jiltosh , a 1st class diplomat of the Galactic Federation . And beneath that identity you are the Magistrate . The Magistrate ? The Japanese government , the Galactic Federation and the Cosmos Alliance have assured the safety of Tenmo . There is no immediate threat . Citizens of the town , please be at ease . We 're supposed to be at ease , but what are we supposed to do ? Do some studying for tomorrow . Bleah ! But I 'll help out around the house ! My , what a good girl you are ! Plus , next year I 'll be a middle schooler , so I 'll have to look after Hajime more too ! Whatever you say ... Huh ? What 's wrong ? Live Misumaru Middle School Student Assembly Misumaru MiddleSchool Hikaru Inagaki Live Misumaru Middle School Student Assembly Misumaru MiddleSchool Hikaru Inagaki Misumaru Mid ? Live Misumaru Middle School Student Assembly Misumaru MiddleSchool Hikaru Inagaki I guess lunch will be the two of us . People who already know and people who don 't ... Well , I 'm sure everyone has some kind of idea by now but ... Tenmo had a secret . " Had , " meaning there is no longer a need to keep it a secret . A long time ago aliens came to Earth , and Tenmo is where they settled . Hey , let 's put this in too ! A long time ago aliens came to Earth , and Tenmo is where they settled . A long time ago aliens came to Earth , and Tenmo is where they settled . Oh stop it , Futaba ! A long time ago aliens came to Earth , and Tenmo is where they settled . A long time ago aliens came to Earth , and Tenmo is where they settled . Fundamentally , the Galactic Federation had forbid any actions involving a developing planet but aliens were given a duty in exchange for permission to live here . Tsumori explained it calmly . About the people of Tenmo ... About the incantation ... About the battles they 've fought ... I didn 't know how much everyone knew already or to what extent they would understand ... But , there are spaceships in the sky , aliens in town ... And we were here , at the school . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Wow , you 're good ! Not at all . I 've been a widower for a long time , so this isn 't too difficult ... But are you sure it 's all right for you to leave the discussion ? Lady Momoe and the guys from the Galactic Federation are very strong . I doubt I 'll be of much use . But ... Hajime Murata 's father ... How do I explain this ? I 'm impressed by him . He 's not the slightest bit bothered by being seated with such extraordinary people . I guess it runs in the family . Don 't you think ? To make things easier , I 've made an outline of the events that have occurred in the past six months . Battle Protectors Space The Invasion Invasion at Defeated : Development Sacred by by Izu By Center Mountain Sanadon : the Island : Cosmos Attack : Attack : Unknown Zaiglians : Unknown Alliance By By By Cosmos Cosmos the Alliance Alliance Zaiglian rulers ProteCtors space The Defeated : Development sacred By Center Mountain Cosmos attack : attack : alliance By By Cosmos Cosmos alliance alliance Are there any mistakes on there ? No , this is correct . Why ? Why are you attacking Earth ? We were not attacking . We were investigating . We 've heard that already ! Can 't you guys tell the difference between an investigation and an invasion ? It was not an invasion . We only applied the most optimal method . We were collecting information and the land unit was doing a field investigation . That 's enough ! May I ? Please . Why is it that Japan has been attacked so often lately ? I think today 's negotiations would easily conclude if we get this out on the table . It 's not as simple as that ! But it is that simple to these people . What do you mean ? Take us , as an example . We 've become really good at managing things because we govern on such a micro level in such a small place . These people govern on an astronomical level and their governing seems very lackadaisical ... You can get a very good idea of that by drinking with them . Lackadaisical ? That 's harsh ! But , he is correct . If this was going to be the case ... Why didn 't we have talks earlier ? It 's all timing , Jou . Look at Mr. Ito and Mr. Murata . The time has finally come where people of their standing can take part and the people are now able to accept and assess the situation calmly , even if aliens have appeared . The entire world is focused on this meeting . The United Nations and the Galactic Federation will be compensating the losses that the people of Tenmo have incurred thus far . Losses ... Compensate ... That doesn 't feel quite right . Indeed ... Well ... That is something we can discuss later , after this situation has been solved . So , going back to what we were discussing ... Why does the Alliance fight the Shingu ? I doubt you are trying to acquire the legendary power as the Zaiglians had attempted . As I said , it is an investigation ... Enough already ! To see if Earth is indeed a planet worthy to be his land of slumber . To investigate whether or not to leave him be ... That is what we were investigating . Him ? He who is in slumber ... The Shingu himself . The sandwich truck is here ! The Bear Bakery is here ! Kawasaki Bread Today Half Off Today Half Off It may have been half off , but there was no need to buy this much . It may have been half off , but there was no need to buy this much . We can share it with everyone . Fine , fine . Coming in ! I 've been waiting for you ! Be good to it ! It 's my favorite ! Absolutely , I totally understand . Want one ? Thanks . You 're participating in the Festival Club as an individual and your class is making a movie . You 're a busy guy ! Ota was the one who came up with the idea of making a movie . Remember how we did the screening for " Wavering Bastard " the other day ? She saw that and was like , " That 's it ! " Then everyone got carried away and was like , " Let 's do it ! Let 's do it ! " so ... You hang out with such interesting people ! We 're going to shoot the dawn scene because it 's conveniently dark outside today . It 's a class project , but an extra staffer is always welcome ... I 'll think about it . Bye ! Thanks a bunch ! I wonder if everyone 's too shocked for words because two spaceships showed up ? Hi ! My , oh my . The history of the Galactic Federation spans fifty thousand years ... One search in the database can bring things up instantly while other searches won 't find anything . Yeah ... I was under the impression that the power of Shingu was some sort of energy . It is energy . It 's the same power as our power . The Shingu is not an energy . " Shingu " refers to both the energy and the one who wields it . Who told you that ? I made a political exchange with the Cosmos Alliance ... That 's an act of espionage ! A situation where the enemy knows your allies ' secrets ! Yes , that 's a very justified exchange you made there . This is an undeveloped planet but I think this planet deserves to exist . Even though this planet 's evolutionary path was altered by the power of Shingu which wasn 't supposed to be here ? But they are alive ! They live their lives and dream their dreams . This planet may not yet be at a level to join the Galactic Federation but no one should violate that ! Not even the Magistrate ? You love this planet don 't you ? The absolute justice . The absolute truth . The absolute existence that can take people 's lives or even destroy a whole planet in his name . There are only a select few who know who the Magistrate is , even in the Galactic Federation . But you 've figured it out ! Oh , by any chance did you find out from him ? On Earth he has a shaved head . Kanata Myouken . He 's such a blabbermouth . And he 's here ... Okay ! If you want seconds we still have some left ! First come , first serve ! Does anyone want any seconds ? I called him so he can see the outcome . Same goes for the guys of the Galactic Federation . They 're going to be the witnesses of what 's about to happen . To see if this planet is worthy to carry on or not ... You are also a witness . Is something more going to happen ? It 's not " going to happen " . It 's already begun . It started the moment one of the Heroes changed his form in the middle of the war between the Galactic Federation and the Cosmos Alliance . Caller ID Outer Earth Yes , this is Isozaki . What ? Yes . Four Living Weapons of Intelligence have appeared at a distance of twenty thousand kilometers from Earth . They are moving at a speed of ten kilometers per second towards Earth . It 's Sanadon . Four Sanadons ? The chip that Subaru retrieved a while ago near the axis of Mars was programmed with a dead language from long ago . It was you , wasn 't it ? You bastard ! You 've tricked us ! Stop it . It 's not him . What ? So there 's a third party ? Yes . About ten thousand years ago when the war between the Galactic Federation and the Cosmos Alliance had ended ... Since the moment the Shingu was sealed on this planet his duty began . His ... ? Who do you mean ? The talks are on a grander scale now . We 're definitely out of place . I now request a cease fire agreement in regards to the current situation . I agree . Let 's put it into place . What does that mean ? The Cosmos Alliance and the Galactic Federation are entrusting everything that is about to happen to the Magistrate 's command . The Magistrate ? Jil ... Hachiyou ! They 'll be here in about ten minutes ! That 's too fast ! Where 's Nayuta ? What 's wrong , Jirou ? An enemy is coming . An enemy ? The final test . Test ? Moriyama ... Shingu ! Moriyama ! Moriyama ! I 'm going to fly by myself ! Fly ? There isn 't enough time for Astral Deviation ! I 'm going to space on my own ... Nayuta ! Wait ! Nayuta ! Don 't be reckless ! I 'm going to protect everyone ! Everyone I love ! Moriyama ! Nayuta ! Nayuta ! Nayuta ! Moriyama ... Moriyama ... Moriyama ! To be continued Next Episode The Sanadons are attacking ! I transformed into the Shingu without hesitation . You can 't go to space in living flesh ... but I want to protect everyone . I was suddenly surrounded by light ... I hear a voice ... It 's the same voice I heard at the sacred mountain . Next episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou . An Empty Soul Awakens ! An Empty Soul Awakens Look forward to it !
