 Three days have passed since the incident that night . Currently we 're in the midst of final exams . Putting space and Earth aside now 's the time to show that daily effort can bear fruit . If you need to Third period go to the Math restroom , raise your hand quietly . If you need to Third period go to the Math restroom , raise your hand quietly . OK . Pencils down ! It 's over ! Pass your exams to the front . Hey ! Exams aren 't over until the answer sheets are collected ! Settle down ! Nonetheless , exams are over . My immediate job would be ... Hey , Hachiyou . Oh it 's you guys ! That 's a big branch of bamboo . It 's almost time for the Tanabata Festival so our teacher cut it herself and brought it from the mountain . What do you say ? Do you guys want to write one ? A poem slip ? Yup . Your wish might come true if you write it down and hang it . That 'd be nice . Hey , Nayuta . Do you want to do one too ? Your wish will come true . H ... Hey . I sense the calm before the storm . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru Despite Friendship Berry , berry and raspberry . Blackberry and blueberry . Thank you berry much everyone . Jams and fresh cake toppings . You suck ! Hey ! How did you do on the exams ? All right . Oh , that 's right . Futaba 's been waiting for you . Welcome home . Where 'd you get this bamboo branch ? Midori 's grandpa gave it to me . Isn 't it great ? Orihime Hikoboshi Tanabata Yeah , it is . Star Star Let 's put it out in the yard . Huh ? Huh ? Star All right ! Bring me the work gloves ! Okay ! There . Got it ! Hold it right there ! Make sure to hold it steady . Hurry , Hajime . Huh ? Jeez ! You 're not doing it right ! I 'll get it this time ! Tanabata Star Milky Way Hikoboshi I wish to get a good score on my exam . Muryou It 's really making a swishing noise . Ignoring what 's written on the poem slips this is what I call a traditional Japanese Tanabata Festival . What 's that supposed to mean ? All done ! That was so good ! Why thank you , it was a pleasure serving you . The raspberries were good , too ! Hey , let 's make jam ! Sure . Then , let 's pick some blackberries too . Okay ! Maybe she was just hungry . Since the Sanadon incident we 've been discussing what to do from here on out , but we can 't come to any kind of agreementjust yet . Seems so . In any case , now that the danger has been overcome , now more than ever is the time to tell the entire world the mission of the Tenmo people ! It 's too early ! How so ! ? There 's the determined one who is calling for change , and then there are the people who want to keep things the way they are . Both sides seem like they 're unwilling to compromise . How about you ? It basically took a hundred years for the countries around the world to get on the same footing . First , the people of individual countries got on the same footing ... Asia , Europe , North and South America ... Then , region-by-region , people got on the same footing , and later the entire world . We 've managed to come this far by overcoming various rifts , and by arranging the structure of politics . From here on , the easiest thing to do ... Tea Tea ... is for us to come forward and unify Earth as one . Tea Tea For example , by taking over Earth using the Shingu . For example , by taking over Earth using the Shingu . That 's a bold plan ! Who 's going to like that though ? Mr. Moriguchi is saying , " We should make the Shingu the Earth Defense Force under the United Nations ! " but ... In the end what it boils down to is that people will almost certainly criticize us and accuse us of trying to take over the world . Other people will never look at things the same way we do . So , what do you want to do about it ? Keep things the way they are , but at the same time change them . I 'm waiting for a good idea to come along . How about it ? It 's starting to look pretty spiffy after some tender love and care . Sorry you 're being put to work . I could have asked the contractors ... Oh , don 't worry about it . I used to do this at my house all the time . Where 's your home again ? It 's a secret . Oh , really ? Mm , it 's good ! I let it sit and brew in a comparatively lower temperature . You 're really into teas now , aren 't you ? I was instructed by the owner of the Tea Shop . Hello ! Hey . Welcome ! Welcome . I brought you bamboo for the Tanabata Festival ! Ooh , thanks ! So , what should we do ? Hmm ... Let 's see ... My stuff should be arriving any minute , so if you could help us bring it into the house , that 'd be great . Your stuff ? But I thought it all got burned in the fire ? I had so much stuff , that it became overwhelming ... I asked a friend to hold onto the important things for me . A friend ? They 're here . Galactic M overs Galactic M overs Good work guys ! Galactic M overs Galactic M overs Thanks ! See you later ! Galactic M overs Whoa ... Oh boy ... Did I really have this much stuff ? So , we 're supposed to carry this into the house ? Yeah , I guess I should have asked the movers to move the stuff in for us . You 're the one who kept haggling them during the estimates . They 've been difficult about my work expenses lately ... So , let 's get to it ! Eh ? ! Whaaaaat ? ! Eh ? ! Whaaaaat ? ! You can do it , Moriyama ! What are you here for ? Oooh ! What a cute priestess ! Yoo-hoo ! Oh , that 's right . Your father is the shine priest , so it makes sense that you 'd be the priestess ! Ignoring me , are we ? What was that for ! Perv ! It 's because you 're being so cold to me . That 's because I don 't like you ! You make up for it by liking Muryou more , right ? Huh ? Tenmo Shrine How do you feel about having such an amazing brother like him ? What do you mean , " how " ? Are you envious ? Do you ever feel inferior ? But ... Let 's see ... We should ask your predecessor about something like that ! Get changed ! You 've got ten minutes ! Record of the School Wars : MURYO U Sanemori And that 's the story . To change the subject , it 's so unusual to see you two together . Is it ? We 're such good friends , though . No we 're not ! Oh , come on ! Will you please listen to her love issues ? That 's not what it 's about ! Oh dear . That 's a very difficult issue . I 'm saying , that 's not what it 's about ! Just a little while ago she had this serious look on her face , I didn 't know what to do ! Like this . She was sweeping with the broom like this and said ... That 's enough ! Stop it ! " Are you envious ? Do you ever feel inferior ? " I said stop it ! This isn 't funny ! Just because I 'm being quiet doesn 't mean you can make fun of me ! Oh , I can 't ? This isn 't funny ! Just because I 'm being quiet doesn 't mean you can make fun of me ! Please tell her a story about the old days . The old days ? A hundred years ago . About the encounter , and the promise . Yes , the promise ... I think it 'd be a good story for Miss Clueless over here . Miss Clueless ? ! Yup ! Miss Clueless ! Grr ! Idiot sister ! Nayuta , you 're so cute ! Why are you so ... ! Nayuta , you 're so cute ! Why are you so ... ! Now , now , now . Stop playing dumb ! Now , now , now . Stop playing dumb ! Let 's see ... Idiot sister ? There 's no more sweets ! I 'm so relieved ... Because I 'm able to talk to you like this , as though nothing ever happened . Are you really feeling all right ? Thank you . I took a day off from school , but I 'm fine . You 're so strong . When I used the Astral Deviation I was bedridden for four days afterwards . No , I was being supported by Kyoichi and Hachiyou 's power , so ... I hear you fought by yourself with no one by your side to help you . I 'm always being helped by others ... You don 't like it when others help you ? No , that 's not it ! I 'm happy that I won ... I 'm proud and I want to praise myself for working so hard . But I ... You basically don 't like the fact that you couldn 't fight by yourself . You know ... You 're being so dramatic about it . I 'm going to get some sweets to go with the tea . Make yourself at home . Oh , even the rice crackers are gone ? There 's nothing left ? No , it 's completely cleaned out . I 'm sorry . There have been a lot of meetings lately ... Not at all . I 'll be back . She 's such an interesting person . But she 's so rude ! Her and her brother are always like that . They have no respect for other people 's feelings . It 's true that ... I 'm grateful about what happened the other day , but ... But ... I heard about Muryou . I heard he flew into space in the flesh to save the Shingu . I 'm watching ! Murata is watching too ! What are you here for ? Are you ashamed , even though you know ? Even though you understand that your power wasn 't enough ... Or should I say , because you understand that , you 're ashamed ? You 're grateful to him , but that 's not the point . You don 't mean to , but you 're taking it out on the person you should be thanking . That 's why you 're angry at yourself . Am I right ? I see . A long time ago , there was a girl who could command her power at will . She was also able to become the Shingu . She believed she was the one protecting Earth and that she was the chosen one . She was pride personified ... That 's what you would have thought of her . I am leaving for school . " Currently , I am the only one who possesses ... " " ... the power of the Shingu in the Sanemori clan ... " " That 's why I must fight ! Even by myself ! " Thoughts like those must have made her headstrong . There were people who admired her and were apprehensive of her but in reality , she didn 't have any real friends . I 'd like to introduce a transfer student . Pleased to meet you . W ... Was that her first love ? I wonder ... Sweets can wait a little bit longer . That 's when the girl 's battle had begun . The girl was always picking a fight with the boy . Her self-composure disappeared . You would have thought she was being funny , always insisting on picking a fight . He was someone who possessed power . His power was far superior to the girl 's . It 's hard ... It 's hard to admit to yourself that your power wasn 't all that great after at all . But , I don 't think changing yourself and being all agreeable is the answer either . I 'm surprised that you had the same kind of experience . Well , I am your senior . If nothing else , I have a lot of experience in these matters . You have more than that . When I used the secret craft , the Astral Deviation , a hundred years ago ... What are you doing , Momoe Sanemori ? W ... W ... What do you mean ? That situation ... that turn of events ! When you 're in danger , I 'll come and save you again . Even after you pass away , I 'll come to save your children and their children . I don 't need your help ! I don 't want to feel dependent either ! What I need is a strong heart ! A mighty power ! Because I have to protect this planet ! What I protect is your heart . The Shingu 's will . Is that supposed to be ... Are you talking about Mury ... Subaru ? Of course not ! Every era has someone that sounds like someone else . What 's that supposed to mean ? Yes ... It might be a good thing to act strong . It 's true that you must become stronger , because your will is also the will of the Shingu . I see ... So ! How about some snacks , now that we 've come to a conclusion ? Today 's snacks are a Kagoshima specialty , Karukan ! It 's written as ' L ight ' and ' K an from Youkan ( Sweet Bean Jelly ) . Karu Kan Not that I really care but , where do you always get these regional specialty sweets ? Isn 't it obvious ? Quick trips ! I do a quick run . Stop joking around ! Futaba ! M ... Morning ... See you later Hajime ... Later ... What happened to you ? Something happened yesterday ... that made it a long day ... Sounds rough . Yeah , it was rough ... Muryou . Hey , Murata . Are you fine ? Oh , are you talking about moving Jiltosh 's stuff yesterday ? That was such an ordeal . You 're doing much better because you 're in shape . I should work out a little during summer vacation . Tenmo Sports Field Muryou Subaru ! Hajime Murata ! Yeah ? What 's with that outfit ? This outfit serves as proof to my determination ! I 'm not going to lose against you guys ! And I thought it was headed straight for the lovey-dovey route . But on the other hand , now they 're wearing matching outfits . I 'm glad I lent her my sailor uniform . Shall we call them " The fighting couple " ? Cultural Festival , bring it on ! Festival Club ? Fine ! I approve your participation ! Go ahead and do it ! Whatever you guys are scheming I will run a fair student government following Misumaru Middle School 's spirit of freedom and independence ! Let 's go ! I have no idea whatjust happened , but Moriyama is back to being spirited as ever ... I 'm gonna do it ! I have no idea whatjust happened , but Moriyama is back to being spirited as ever ... I have no idea whatjust happened , but Moriyama is back to being spirited as ever ... Follow my lead ! I have no idea whatjust happened , but Moriyama is back to being spirited as ever ... I have no idea whatjust happened , but Moriyama is back to being spirited as ever ... What do you say ? ... and our application for participation in the Cultural Festival and our application for participation in the Cultural Festival was approved before we even knew it . Is this something to be happy about , or scared about ? Summer vacation , here we come . Thus ... I 'm not going to lose ! Nayuta Moriyama I 'm not going to lose ! Nayuta Moriyama To be continued in the next episode . I 'm not going to lose ! Nayuta Moriyama To be continued Next Episode Mountains ! Mountains ! So yes ! And hello , I 'm Setsuna Subaru ! I 'm going to be escorting Hajime and the entourage to our hometown . At the same time Harumi and Kyoichi are all beach-crazed . Lovey-dovey ! Ahh , hot , hot , hot ! Next episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou . Secret Village Hometown . Look forward to it ! Secret Village H ometown
