 Begin ! I hear the people who live in the secret village use a type of technique different from the Tenmo Style that we know . I 'd be curious to see a match between him and Harumi . I wonder who 'd win ? It sounds interesting . Who is this young man ? Begin ! Kanata Myouken , Miyanomori Middle School , second year homeroom A. He transferred in September . His grades are high and he 's also good at sports . He seems to have taken part in the Judo competition as a temporary member . He is very strong . Lately , aliens other than those sent by the Galactic Federation have been roaming around this town . Because of the present circumstances , we are currently investigating this young man , but ... Is he also an alien ? Yes . Make sure to not act carelessly while his motives are still unclear . Yes . Oh dear . Good evening . Is the meeting over ? I wouldn 't have objected to having you wait inside . But the moon was so pretty ... Today 's goodies are special pickles made by my grandpa ! Oh ! The war between the Galactic Federation and their enemies ... It 's inevitable that Earth will get tangled up in it . I can 't believe an era like this would come while I was alive . How do you feel about it ? I am exhilarated . It 'll be hard from here on out . People will be getting hurt and dying like the other day . But a future awaits . A future for the children ... Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru Gazing Bey ond Impressive Muryou The Judo Club wins Versus Match It 's amazing how fast they get this stuff ready . Who cares about that ! Look ! And Nozomi Shimoyama Wept Like a Man Believe it ornot this time we typed it out ! Bringingthe boldfacts to you ! Hey ! Did you see the bulletin board newspaper ? Huh ? What 's that ? They were passing it out in front of the school store . Judo Club 's losing streak comes to a halt ... Muryou Subaru 's amazing match ... The club president overwhelmed with joy ... Listen to it ! It 's awesome ! I know . That 's why we were reading the " awesome " article . All he wants to do is share the excitement . Yes ! That 's it ! Sharing the excitement ! It 's called having something in common ! What a great idea to be able to read about it the day after ! Don 't you think so ? S ... Sure ... Oh , I get it ! Get what ? The reason why Jirou 's so excited about it . It 's Jirou . It 's hard to tell that it 's you . No , you can tell by his teeth . Yeah ... The value of this picture will go up if Muryou becomes famous in the future . I was there that moment ! The moment when a historical icon was born ! That very moment when an era began to move ! Stop it guys ! You 're embarrassing me ! I 'm surprised you figured it out . It 's because when Jirou wants to brag , he does it in a roundabout way so ... Woo ! Steamin ' up the room ! That 's a match I never would 've expected ! Idiot ! Stop it ! What 's wrong ? Moriyama 's amazing . You 're right . " Oh , I am surprised ! " What we witnessed was so shocking , " Oh , I am surprised ! " What we witnessed was so shocking , " What 's the matter ? " I felt as though I was hit by a hammer in the back of my head . " What 's the matter ? " I felt as though I was hit by a hammer in the back of my head . I felt as though I was hit by a hammer in the back of my head . " Look there ! " I felt as though I was hit by a hammer in the back of my head . I felt as though I was hit by a hammer in the back of my head . " There ? " I felt as though I was hit by a hammer in the back of my head . " A monkey is laughing at us . " Captain ! What 's that ? " A monkey is laughing at us . " What is that ? " Really ? " Unbelievably , a giant orangutan was calling us ! Unbelievably , a giant orangutan was calling us ! " Oh , it 's a monkey ! He is laughing ! " It 's October but the summer heat still lingers . But on the other hand , fall is fall , despite the weather . T-shirts are still being worn at Misumaru Middle School . And we 're all looking forward to the Cultural Festival in November . New Menu Debut ! And we 're all looking forward to the Cultural Festival in November . New Menu Debut ! This one 's good . This one 's nasty ! Hi ! Let 's get straight to announcing yesterday 's sports club competition meet results ! First up the Judo club , who had a competition meet against Miyanomori ! Judo First up the Judo club , who had a competition meet against Miyanomori ! Results were three-to-two and Mischu won the meet ! The man of the hour , Muryou Subaru , fought in the Fifth Match ! Five seconds into the match and with lightening speed , he claimed the victory ! It was the first time , in three years , that the Judo Club had won the competition meet . Congratulations ! And , we mustn 't forget about her ! Vice President of the Student Government , Nayuta Moriyama ! Just as she did last year , this year she helped out a bunch of clubs , and didn 't disappoint ! She played softball two days ago ... Basketball yesterday during the day ... Then , in the afternoon , the 100-meter relay and she was a success at all of them ! Plus , she 's even helping out a bunch of clubs at the prefecture tournaments ... Busy ! Let 's take a break shall we ? Music time ! What 's wrong , Jirou ? You guys witnessed me in the middle of my chivalrous moment , right ? It 's kind of like ... It feels more satisfying than being on TV at a wrestling match . If you want to show off your face that much , you should put it up on the internet . You don 't get it do you ? It 's more meaningful when it 's " Oh there he is ! " on TV or in a newspaper . My face isn 't information ! Yes , I symbolize the witnesses of time ! He 's talking mumbo-jumbo ... I 'm sure he 's quoting from social studies class . Well , you do whatever ... Because I have a lunch that I 'm going to eat in peace . Your mom finished her work ? Yeah . Futaba and I were talking about learning how to cook but you can 't beat Mom 's lunches . That 's awesome ! Humble happiness is a tasty lunch ! Muryou , aren 't you glad too ? Your lunches are cute now . Why a bear ? There 's nothing wrong with it being a bear ! It 's Mama Kyoko 's lunchbox of love ! You better not have any leftovers ! You guys are so lucky . Hi Kyoichi . I have no business with you today ! Hajime Murata , come with me ! Sit down ! Okay ... You 're ... Y ... Yes ? Nevermind . Anyway , have some ! Thanks ... Um , what is this ? I don 't know ! The lunch lady said it was new , so I bought it ! Oh ... It 's nasty . It 's an oden sandwich ... An oden sandwich , it doesn 't work . Yeah . The cooked fish paste is alright , but the yam jelly paste and kelp are kind of ... Why ? How are you able to talk to Nayuta so normally ? Muryou Subaru too ... You speak with them normally and you 're friends with them . How is that ? It 's not something you can ... They have unbelievable powers ! The others don 't know , so I can understand how they 're able to do it , but how ... How are you able stay so calm ? Shingu ! You 're right . They 're both amazing . If they 're amazing , how do you do it ? Because I can 't do it ... Is this about Mineo ? I used to always trouble her by telling her to abandon her duty but now that she believes me and looks me in the eye I can 't do it . I 'm unable to look Harumi straight in the eye now ... There 's no reason for you to feel ashamed though . But she 's strong ! She doesn 't need to use a power that 's not her own , unlike me ! She defeats aliens with her own strength ! She takes herself seriously , and compared to her , I ... But you 're serious too . I think Mineo likes you because you do take things seriously . You think so ? Yeah , I think so . It 's fine . She likes you . You think it 's fine if we like each other ? No , I don 't think it 'd be good if it were one sided but you guys don 't hate each other ... I think you guys should go with the flow . Will that not work ? I envy you . You 're really something . Eat your sandwich . Okay . It 's still nasty . Yeah ... See ? I told you he 'd be okay . Nayuta . What 's wrong ? I can 't hear anything from the gohei . Nothing ? Absolutely nothing ... It 's eerily quiet . You 're ... I came to see Muryou Subaru . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I wonder what they 're talking about ? I don 't think they 're talking . Can 't they speed things up ? Where are you going ? I 'm going to go buy some juice . I 'll go with you ! We skipped school . We had no choice . It was an emergency situation . But don 't you think Subaru will be okay ? That 's what worries me ! What 's he doing sneaking around the Sanemoris ' backs ? Hey ! You 're busted ! Hello . Hello . Hello . Don 't you have classes until the afternoon today ? What do you girls think you 're doing skipping school ? We 're witnesses . Witnesses ? Thank you . This one 's for you ! Thanks . Say thanks to Harumi ! Mineo , thanks ! Sorry we decided to join you guys . No , not at all . Boy , oh boy . Here . Thanks . Do you know who that kid is ? Huh ? That kid ? Wouldn 't a diplomat of the Galactic Federation know a lot of people from different planets ? What 's that supposed to mean ? I see ... So Muryou 's missing too ... They left sometime during lunch break . I wasn 't in the classroom at the time so I didn 't know about it . Nayuta and Harumi left early as well . Where did the three of them go ? So ? Did you find out ? At Tenmo beach , western shore ! Two boy-girl pairs are on a double date . Two pairs ? What is it , Murata ? Kanata Myouken ? Yesterday 's helper ? We 're leaving early too . Kyoichi , you 're leaving early too ! This is the investigation report on Kanata Myouken . That was fast . Yes . It 's annoying to be falling behind on everything , so ... What did you find out ? His personal data is all fake . There is no one in Japan named Kanata Myouken . Which planet is he from ? Apparently from a planet not affiliated with the Galactic Federation . I see ... I guess every planet has someone adventurous . What 's that over there ? That 's Izu Island . Then what do you think that thing in front of it is ? It was there yesterday , too . Is that one of your robots ? I doubt it . Was it you who attacked my friends ' spaceship the other day ? Your friends ? Where were they ? By the Kuiper Belt , slightly past Neptune . No , you 're a little off . A little ? The ship I destroyed was by Pluto . Do you guys use weapons from Planet Sanatos ? Sanatos ? That 's a weapon made by a planet from the Galactic Federation . We wouldn 't use something tacky like that . Then , I guess it 's okay to tell you that she destroyed it . W ... What was that about ? " What do you think ? Isn 't she cute ? " " Yeah , but I like the short-haired girl that 's next to her . " " Good ! It 's settled then . Let 's go on a double date ! " Is what they 're saying ! Ahh , youth ! W ... What are you saying ? You guys ! Absolutely not , you hear ? I just heard that the Galactic Federation was trying use the power of Shingu again so I came to investigate on a whim . So ? What did you think ? The impression I got is that the situation is complicated . You 're right about that . Whoa ! Do you see something ? This is where you come in . Above the Pacific Ocean ! Off the shores of Izu Island ! What are you guys doing here ? We were looking after you ! What the heck is all that ? Anyway , let 's go ! Wait ! Good luck ! Luck ! Luck ! What 's the deal ? Did you guys skip school too ? We 're the witnesses for the witnesses . Then , what is the point of having a witness ? I guess you 're right . We have no intention of warming up relations with the Galactic Federation , but we don 't intend to fight them either . Isn 't that how you guys feel too ? I 'm sure that 's the case . But then there are those who do want to fight them ... The Shingu is getting stronger and stronger ! By the way , why did Nayuta and the others leave to go somewhere ? They know we already know who they really are , so why did they do that ? I dunno . Maybe they 're shy ? Umm ... What 's wrong ? I forgot I had this . You 've got something nice there ! My father gave it to me . Energy Level Rising She did it ! She did it ! Did it ! Are you leaving ? Yes . I feel kind of guilty for transferring in and out of the school so soon but ... When are you coming back ? I don 't know , but here 's a word of advice for you guys . Do not trust the Galactic Federation too much . But I wonder how wise it is to trust you guys instead ? Follow your heart . Goodbye . That 's done and over with ... You 're amazing , Moriyama ! It 's the fruit of my daily training ! So where did that kid go ? He went home , to the skies . Yes , I see . Thank you very much . Goodbye . The situation has taken a radical turn . As expected ? I think it 's nice when things are this predictable . It 's going to be at six in the morning , Japan time . Okay , 6 A.M. it is ! I have to go to bed early . Would you like to sleep over tonight too ? I 'd love to ! What would you like for dinner then ? The Galactic Federation , and the stars who oppose them ... When I looked up at the sky , the world beyond it seemed so vast , but now it feels like it keeps getting vaster . Probably tomorrow it 'll be even more ... To be continued in the next episode . To be continued Next Episode I 'm Hajime Murata . Everything started on the roof of the gymnasium ... It all started the moment that I saw Muryou and Moriguchi 's battle . And now , what I 'm seeing on the same roof , is an object that veils the sky . Next episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou . Federation and Alliance Federation and Alliance Look forward to it . Federation and Alliance
