 ... do as ... Huh ? What is this language ? Captain ! My translator is also malfunctioning . We forced entry into your translating machines . Local rule . Anyone who comes here has to speak Japanese . This could get ugly . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru After the Rain , More Rain After the Rain , More Rain While we were having a carefree Nabe Dinner Rally ... After the Rain , More Rain ... a tense confrontation was taking place on the beach . ... a tense confrontation was taking place on the beach . But of course , at the time , we had no way of knowing that . There 's space ! Put the Chinese cabbage in ! Right there ! Hajime , eat the scallions ! No ! Don 't sink the shungiku ! You put the Chinese cabbage and enoki in , then the shungiku ! My apologies . I think the meat around here is fine . Is Futaba always like this ? I think the meat around here is fine . Not yet ! You need to wait a little more ! Not yet ! You need to wait a little more ! Yeah . She 's the nabe police at our house . Okay , okay ... Yeah . She 's the nabe police at our house . Yeah . She 's the nabe police at our house . Muryou ! Yes ? I 'll scoop out the tastiest meat and vegetables for you . Everyone else , please help yourselves . Hey , don 't take charge in other people 's homes ! Mom , say something to her ! Now , now . Let her do her thing . Someone has to do it . There you go ! Mom , not that ! She 's such a joker , just like her father . Let me get something for you . What do you like ? I like everything , so whatever you get is fine . Hey ! Don 't you dare put that scallion back in the midst of the confusion ! But ... it 's not cooked all the way ! That 's disgusting ! It 's against the rules ! Come on ! It 'll get sterilized from the hot water ! I said NO ! Futaba . Hajime . That 's enough . What 's wrong ? If you don 't hurry , there won 't be any meat left . Futaba . Hajime . That 's enough . What 's wrong ? If you don 't hurry , there won 't be any meat left . Okay . What 's wrong ? If you don 't hurry , there won 't be any meat left . But ... ! But he 's being so wishy-washy ! But ... ! But he 's being so wishy-washy ! As they fight , I can see a feeling of love and friendship ... But ... ! But he 's being so wishy-washy ! As they fight , I can see a feeling of love and friendship ... Excuse me , but I don 't want to hear in their manners and gazes . ... that from the princess of wishy-washy . ... in their manners and gazes . ... in their manners and gazes . I 'm not wishy-washy ! I 'm not wishy-washy ! Why is that ? I 'm not wishy-washy ! Princess of wishy-washy ! Princess of wishy-washy ! Princess of wishy-washy ! The more they fight , Princess of wishy-washy ! Princess of wishy-washy ! Princess of wishy-washy ! the more proof it is that they love each other . Princess of wishy-washy ! Princess of wishy-washy ! Princess of wishy-washy ! the more proof it is that they love each other . The more they fight ? Yup . I thought fighting was an act that differentiated the stances of ally and foe . Isn 't he terrible ? Isn 't he terrible ? I thought fighting was an act that differentiated the stances of ally and foe . That 's how he always treats me ! I thought fighting was an act that differentiated the stances of ally and foe . Muryou , say something to him ! I thought fighting was an act that differentiated the stances of ally and foe . Muryou , say something to him ! Muryou , say something to him ! I do not understand the actions of the people of this planet . I do not understand the actions of the people of this planet . That 's how you guys were , too ... A mere two thousand years ago ... Okay , Aloha Team . Add more vegetables and tofu ! Right ! Yes , ma 'am ! That 's what I like to hear . Mom , can I have more rice please ? Mom , me too ! Yes , yes . By the way Aloha Team , what are your names ? Huh ? We haven 't introduced ourselves yet ? That 's not good . I 'm Weinul . Where are you from ? A far away place . Where 's that ? Are you aliens ? Yup , we 're aliens ! Where 's that ? Are you aliens ? Yup , we 're aliens ! I like sukiyaki . You 're an alien that likes sukiyaki ? That 's so funny ! Yeah , that is funny ! That 's so weird ! We know you 're hiding your battleship in the orbit of Mars . Who 's in charge ? Are you the guy ? Do you know about the Galactic Federation ? You might not know , but your planet joined the Galactic Federation a long time ago . Hence , what you 're doing is considered a code violation . That 's also a violation . I apologize for the rudeness of my men but Earth is not listed as a member of the Federation . I find it odd that a person from Earth is bringing up Federation code ... So you do know ... I figured men as high-ranking as you must know the true history of Planet Zaigle ... In the Zaigle Empire Security Codes there is a confidential code amongst the high ranking officers . The code pertains to the existence of the Galactic Federation . Captain ! I 'd like to discuss this further ... Good evening . I am Sai Moriyama 's daughter , Nayuta . Forgive me for coming over so late . This may not be the best time , but I 've come because I have some urgent things that I must discuss with you . I don 't sound like a junior high kid ... I sound sarcastic . Good evening . I am Sai Moriyama 's daughter , Nayuta that 's too long ... This is Nayuta Moriyama . I 'm sorry for coming over so late . That 's good . Good evening . This is Nayuta Moriyama . Coming ! Oh , I 'm sorry . What 's the matter ? It 's so late already . There 's something I wanted to discuss in person . There is ? What wonderful timing . Beat the red ogres and white wins ! Unbelievable that Nayuta Moriyama , the vice president , would do that in that outfit ! I wonder what came over ... As of today , they 're going to be staying here for a while . Jiltosh and ... Weinul . Hi . Jiltosh and ... Weinul . Jiltosh and ... Weinul . I assume you know everyone else . Y ... yes ... Amazing ! The composed but goofy Nayuta Moriyama ! You were beautiful ! ... and white wins ! ... and white wins ! Well ... that 's ... Come , join us . Since you 're here , you might as well have some sukiyaki with us . Hi . So , umm ... who brought this videotape here ? Hajime . Ready ! Why did you have to bring that here ? I had to . Shun lent it to me . Just because Shun lent it to you , doesn 't mean you have to bring it here ! That 's true . But , Muryou ... ! You want to make a laughing-stock out of me that badly ? Don 't you dare think you can get away with that ! Oh , good timing . A new guest . Good evening , Nayuta . Good evening , Ma 'am . Listen ! We 'll talk about this later ! We 're going to have self-reflection time later ! What the heck is that ? Are you done having your secret chat ? I 'm sorry . Why were they whispering , when it was obvious what they were talking about ? Please go ahead and start . Go ahead . Why were they whispering , when it was obvious what they were talking about ? Come , come . Go ahead . I insist . Why were they whispering , when it was obvious what they were talking about ? Come , come . Go ahead . I insist . Because it 's a secret . Because it 's a secret . But we could hear everything . Everyone knows , but acts as though it didn 't happen . It 's one of the beauties of Japan , one of the countries of Earth . What an interesting custom . What an interesting turnout for the dinner party . Yes , it really is . He 's fast ! He 's fast ! He 's fast ! Might as well watch it from the beginning again ! He 's fast ! He 's fast ! He 's fast ! Might as well watch it from the beginning again ! No , not that ! There we go ... The old shopkeeps are asleep already so there won 't be any anmitsu or shiruko served . Hope you can deal with tea . Captain ! It 's fine . But ... it 's very bitter . I never said you 'd like it . What I am about to tell you is classified information , and is Planet Zaigle 's secret . By revealing this information , I will probably be charged with treason and tried in a military court . In case of prosecution , as proof for the court I am going to record this conversation . Lieutenant , if you will ... Audio recording has begun . Currently , Planet Zaigle has separated itself into the Empire and Republic . The situation is one of a massive warring state . The war is generally at a stalemate . By using conventional arms and military weapons the possibilities of both sides being annihilated are high . Hence , a special order was given to me , to acquire the power of Shingu that is told of in the forbidden history . The forbidden history ? It is a history that differs from what is taught in our educational system . It is the true history . Wind and Light of the Heart How many men did you just defeat ? Ten . Where 's Mr. Kenji ? He 's gone out . He 's not here . I see . Is there something you need ? I ... love you . Because I love you I can 't bear this . Stop trying to protect me ! If you can 't do that , go someplace else where I 'll never see you again ! Why do you protect me ? I wasn 't chosen by the Shingu ... Why do you ... Because , Master Kyoichi , your power is something Shingu cannot do without . Because your power is something that our clan must protect . I 've heard all that before ! Why just me ? Why ? Yet , you 're still going to protect me , aren 't you ? Forgive me . Damn it ! Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Sorry I 'm late . Not at all . Glad you could come . So how far did you get ? Uhh ... We 're at the part where we just heard the shocking announcement . Everyone is too surprised to even speak . That 's where we left off . This here is the Zaigle Empire 's ... I am Colonel Velosh , captain of the space battleship Jilton . I am the Watcher of this Solar System , a member of the Galactic Federation Security Council . My codename on Earth is Hiromi Isozaki . Are you considered an alien by Earth standards ? Yes , I am from Planet Altin . Mr. Yamamoto , Ms. Isozaki . Mind if we get going ? No problem . Thank you for coming . Thanks for your hard work . For a favorable diplomatic future ! Good night . To summarize what we 've already discussed ... After Planet Zaigle joined the Galactic Federation , they had " officially " discontinued their space development program . When dealing with a planet superior to one 's own ... It 's common for the ruler to limit the powers of his subordinates in order to try and foster a more gradual diplomatic relationship . But the problem seems to have occurred after that . Unfortunately , Planet Zaigle had lost its chance to maintain smooth diplomatic relations . Reoccurring wars were also to blame , but the main reason was because the truth that had been concealed had become too far removed from our daily lives . That 's true . After a certain point , you can 't turn around and say : " God is an alien . He physically exists . " No one is going to believe you . A good example is my crewman , who passed away the other day . The people of Earth were not at fault for that . The telecommunications capsule he wore was a device that backs up the wearer 's brain data . Judging from the way it broke he must have had an enormous amount of information poured into his head , which led to his breakdown . Yes , apparently . Those images were from a man from Planet Velunn . From Planet Velunn ? Jiltosh was lamenting about how drastically different the time flows on Planet Zaigle and Planet Velunn . He said Planet Zaigle regressed while he wasn 't looking . No . The guy from Planet Velunn said that , not me . Normally , when the time comes for a planet to join the Galactic Federation the planet that made the recommendation is responsible for guiding that planet . But by the look of things , it doesn 't seem like he 's going to do any work . Uelunn is God . He is an almighty God who gave the simple people of Zaigle the gift of knowledge . Him , a God ? I joined the military because I was repulsed by our old customs and superstitions . So are you taken aback , because the myths and superstitions turned out to be true ? I have not formed an opinion yet . I am not able to conclude that everything you have said is true . It 's good that you 're being cautious . I should have shown those images to you instead . Images ? Never mind . So , let 's have an after-party . I 'll introduce you to everyone . After-party ? We 're home ! And who 's home to hear that ? I had nabe and I got to spend time with Muryou . It was such a great day ! Rainy days like this come rarely , you know . Yup ! I 'm going to write about it in my diary . Yeah , but you actually wanted Muryou to walk you home , didn 't you ? It 's fine . Poor Nayuta would have had to walk home by herself , so I don 't mind . Poor Nayuta ? I can 't bring myself to feel that way . What ? I think you 're actually the one that 's jealous . Muryou walked Nayuta h-o-m-e . Mach Punch . You call that a punch ? Then here 's a tiny real punch ! You fell for it again ! You 've ruined my great day ! Dummy ! Give it up ! What did you just ... ! Hey , cut it out . I 'm fine . I can walk home by myself . I can 't do that . Grandma asked me to . So if someone tells you guys to do something , you do it no matter what ? The Festival Club , Athletic Festival videotape and walking me home ? I hate people who can 't think for themselves ! Is it something to get so upset over ? Come on , the videotape was funny . It may be fun for you , but it 's not for me ! It 's really irritating ! I can let it pass . It 's such a small thing after all . So , no problem ? That 's not the point ! I 'm upset because these small problems with you guys have been piling up ! If it 's not one thing , it 's another ! That 's why I 'm upset ! A pile-up of upsetting events ? Why does everyone have to listen to ... Harumi too ! Even Hachiyou ! They listen to whatever the adults tell them ! But then you guys listen to Hachiyou . You 're the worst . You feel betrayed because you believed in us ? You 're so honest ! I didn 't believe in you guys ! Why would I have to " believe " in you guys in the first place ? You don 't have to believe in me . But believe in Murata . It 's true that Hachiyou told us about the Shrine Descension , but the one who said we should make a club was Murata . Why ? I think you should hear him out . Hear our reason for being in the Cultural Festival and the purpose for creating the club . Are you really sure ? Yes . I plan to speak with the Empire 's superiors about what we 've discussed , and the data that we 've collected thus far . Even if it fails ... I think , for the time being , there 'll be no one invading this planet . What shall we do about the man we 're sheltering , Lieutenant Weinul ? I leave him in your care . If he wishes to remain here to seek the truth I will report the Lieutenant as missing on Earth . Goodbye . For a favorable diplomatic future ! Quantum Teleportation ready ! Next time , come for a vacation . I 've already reported this matter to my supervisor . They said that since the Zaiglians have regressed since joining the Federation this is going to be difficult to handle . I 'm sure they feel they can 't try a child with the rules made for adults . Nothing is easy , is it ? A situation like that calls for God . We 're going to have an after-party . Wanna join us ? After-party ? That 's all well and good , but what do you mean by " calls for God " ? An intervention . Planet Velunn should have already started to act . After all , Planet Velunn is in charge of watching over Planet Zaigle . It 's more of a responsibility than anything . But , if you do that so suddenly ... Look at this planet . I 'm not saying it 's not a long , arduous process to gain eligibility into the Galactic Federation , but there are also times when you earn it without even knowing it . When you say " intervention " , what are you going to do ? God 's going to descend and say , " Stop the War ! " or something like that , I think . Pub Yo-chan Kappore Pub Yo-chan Kappore Cheers ! Cheers ! Today we will show you how to enjoy even the dreary days of the rainy season . I was so tired that day , that I quickly fell into a deep sleep . A lot of things happened ... but at any rate , the day had come to an end . I just hope tomorrow 's weather will be clear skies . Rain again ... but there 's no point in being glum . What is it ? There 's not much time left until the bell . If it 's going to take a while , please come back later this afternoon . That , Moriyama , will depend on the vice president . It 's about our club 's participation in the Cultural Festival . The Festival Club will be submitting an application for participation . I understand . We will accept the application . Then , our participation is approved ? No ! I demand an explanation . What 's the reason for your participation ? What 's the goal of creating this club ? If it 's an idiotic reason , then you will not be allowed to participate ! Idiotic ? I think it 's a very valid reason . Take a look at our application . I 'm sure we pass all the participation criteria . Obvious reasons won 't work ! I want to hear what you really think . Why the festival ? Why are you really doing it ? That 's what I want to know ! Hmm ... Well ... What do you think is going to happen to the Festival Club ? I wonder why Nayuta has to be so stubborn like that ? What do you say ? Want to bet an anpan from the school store on it ? No betting allowed ! You look tired . I am . After that , they made me drink with them until morning . You were right to leave when we got to Yo-chan . Please take care of yourself . True , I 'm already old . Excuse me . Outer Earth This is Isozaki . Yes ... Is there something wrong ? They 've confirmed an explosion near Saturn . It was the Zaiglians ' ship . What did you say ? Please arrange a special meeting . We need to have a discussion with the people from the Sanemori clan . When ? As soon as possible . The Earth is in danger . After the rain , more rain . Lots of difficult problems and troubling matters . Will the ground harden after the rain , or will it turn into mud ? I guess it 's something only God knows . But for now , we 'll continue this in the next episode . To Be Continued Next Episode I 'm Hajime Murata . I 'm Nayuta Moriyama . All right ! We 've got to do it ! Yeah , I guess we have no choice but to take the final exams ... No ! That 's not what I 'm talking about ! We have no choice but to do it ! So ... what are you going to do ? Hmph . That 's a secret . Next Episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou . For Tomorrow " For Tomorrow . " For Tomorrow Look forward to it ! For Tomorrow
