 The days of cherry blossoms in full bloom had just passed . May , when tree branches turn green , was just ahead of us . To make a long story short , it was late April , and the incident happened all of a sudden . Shinjuku Station Do not enter Fujisawa - Odawara Bound Yeah , the train is ... Hello ? Hello ? Huh ! ? A strange giant object appears in Tokyo bay city area ! A strange giant object appears in Tokyo bay cit yarea ! Today , before noon , a mysterious giant object appeared in the Ogi district of the Tokyo seaside city area . There has been a special emergency alert issued in a fifty kilometer radius around the area in question . I repeat . Today , before noon ... On Sale New Product I repeat . Today , before noon in the Tokyo seaside city area , Ogi district ... Hey ! What 's going on ? TOKYO - SEASIDE CITY AREA Checkmate in the first move , eh ? Let 's see what they can do . Such confidence , Muryou ! Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru The War Record Begins 13 : 00 We are currently investigating the special emergency alert that has caused all trains to stop , electrical blackouts and the suspension of use of the telephone lines . East Japan Subway Railroad Co . Telephones are currently out of order . Due to the electrical blackout ICE is HALF OFF The mysterious giant object that suddenly appeared paralyzed every imaginable network in Tokyo and the surrounding Kanto area prefectures . But with this all happening , I doubt that the majority of the people knew what was going on , because it was such a sudden blackout . How is it ? It 's not working . The tanks and combat planes aren 't gonna show up at this rate . Yeah . Damn that thing . They 're just leisurely collecting information . It 's quite an aggressive invasion . To them , they think there 's no need pay any respect to an " uncivilized planet " like this one . So the Earth is getting stepped on . There 's always someone better than you . It seemed a little rough , though . All right then ... Uh-huh . A fighter ofjustice ... Yeah ... Vehicle number four ! Vehicle number four ! It 's connected . It 's connected ! Uh ... The special emergency alert has just been lifted . After we finish surveying the other facilities once more , we will resume all normal train schedules . We appreciate your patience . We are deeply sorry for the inconvenience to your busy schedule today . Tell me about it . Hey , can I sit there ? Oh sure . Oh really ? Well , well , well , well ... Well ! Wasn 't thatjust crazy ! ? Yeah . Where 're you going ? Shonan . I see ... but that 's too bad ... Even if the train starts running , when you get there it 's going to be you know , late afternoon . No , maybe even late night . That 's too bad . You were planning to hang out there , right ? That 's really too bad . Oh , I know ! This has to be some sort of fateful encounter . How ' bout it ? Since we 're in Shinjuku , I might as well treat you to dinner . Well ? Wanna go ? Wanna go ? Let 's go ! Let 's do it ! Do what ? Uh ... Uh ... Well that 's for later ... So , wanna go ? The thing is , I have company . Company ? You 're late . Where were you guys ? Sightseeing . Sorry . But , to make it up for it , we bought a bunch of stuff . Have as much as you like . Are you trying to fatten me up ? Oh yeah ! This guy just invited me to dinner . What should I do ? Dinner ? He 's flirting with you ? You know , her thighs - I mean , uh ... ! It 's been a while since we 've been to Shinjuku . Why don 't we have someone show us around . Like this gentleman . Oh , r ... really ? Something really tremendous was happening , but all the oblivious people were spending the night care-free . It was several days later when the government announced the truth . Hajime ! Hajime ! Hajime ! All right . Hajime ! Hajime , get up ! Hey ! What a refreshing wakeup call . Today 's the first day of May . But if you ask " so what ? " , I don 't really have an answer , so ... Anyway , it 's May . Did it start ? Not yet . Hey , Futaba . You woke me up too early . What ? Hey . Hey . GOVERMENT ADMITS ALIENS Appeared in Ogi district Top-Shaped Human-Shaped Going Back 1 00 years ... 70 's Treasures at the Osaka World Fair ... United States President Official ... Soon a United Nations Collective ... Mr. Yamamoto , what is the Opposition Party 's move ? Mr. Yamamoto , what is the Opposition Party 's move ? I can 't believe something like this is happening during my lifetime . I can 't believe something like this is happening during my lifetime . Yes . Well , this is a major incident , so pertaining to this topic there will be ... I can 't believe something like this is happening during my lifetime . Yes . Well , this is a major incident , so pertaining to this topic there will be ... Oh , come on . Oh , come on . ... full cooperation , but this will be different from other proposed bills full cooperation , but this will be different from other proposed bills ... How rude . ... full cooperation , but this will be different from other proposed bills full cooperation , but this will be different from other proposed bills ... Sports full cooperation , but this will be different from other proposed bills ... Oh ! Please hold on a minute ! It 's starting ! Momentarily , Prime Minister Yamada will be holding a press conference . I would like to announce the government 's view pertaining to the giant mysterious object that appeared in the Tokyo seaside city area and the capital area network failure that happened the other day . The government 's view , ah the Cabinet Secretary 's announcement last night was the full truth . Henceforth , future provisions will be discussed and we will be asking for the cooperation of all ... That 's right . The day after the incident , the TV ran an emergency special broadcast before anyone could panic . I am sure some might think , " why now ? " We will be making a more detailed announcement later , but one thing is for sure ... CabinetSecretary Emergency Press Conference The Giant Mysterious Object Aliens actually do exist . Yamada Liquors Yamada Liquors Even before they announced it , everyone had somewhat of an idea . Yamada Liquors People used to say it was a delusion or a lie but at the same time , they thought that aliens might actually exist . People started to think like that , because the politicians of the world ... There are no film tricks being used , and this is not computer-generated , special effects footage ! There are no film tricks being used , and this is not computer-generated , special effects footage ! ... had given them that kind of impression over the decades . This is the raw footage ! This is the raw footage ! That 's what the TV and the government officials said . That 's what the TV and the government officials said . Aliens actually do exist . Futaba ! Morning ! See you later , Hajime . Be careful , Futaba ! Bye-bye ! Yeah , yeah . We 're supposed to believe it because we saw it on TV ? Kind of feels like we were tricked into it . Later ! Your brother is so strange . He was just mumbling something to himself . It 's okay ! He 's just a weirdo . Do you think it 's all right , for shocking news to be popping up left and right ? They 've been coming for a while , right ? The aliens ... It 's an opportune time to release the information . I was wondering why they were so easy to hack into recently . Awesome ! Classified files ! You 're always so reckless . I was wondering why a middle-schooler could hack in and steal this kind of information . Hey , don 't be stingy ! They 'll announce this in a magazine or on TV soon . Oh , really . Putting that aside , humanity will finally enter another stage ! The long awaited day has come ? Yeah ! Science Fiction ! Come on ! The bell rang already . Go to your seats . Murata , the class rep shouldn 't be fooling around . Yes sir . I guess you can 't help it when the TV and newspapers are saying " Aliens Attack " everyday . Is school closed ? Yeah right . Apparently there 's some warrior of justice that defeated the alien . That 's probably why the government is so relaxed about it . Putting that aside ... Speaking of current events , we 've got a transfer student . Subaru , come in . A military uniform ? It 's a school uniform from back in the day . All right . All right . Quiet down . Quiet . Introduce yourself . Yes . I 'm Muryou Subaru . He surprises me more than the aliens ... ! Record of the School Wars : MURYOU So , why the school uniform ? " Why " ? Well , middle schoolers don 't wear those anymore . I get it ! It 's some kind of cosplay ! Where did that conclusion come from ? Well , let 's see ... I wonder why ? I don 't know either . You 're the one that 's wearing it ! Yeah , I know , but ... My grandpa gave this to me . Oh , it makes sense now ! It does , Ha-chan ? He told me it 's very convenient clothing that 'll get me in anywhere ... And it has been convenient , so I 've been wearing it , but ... Am I not supposed to ? It 's not that you 're not supposed to ... You understand that school uniforms are really outdated , right ? Hmm ... That 's why . Nobody 's ever seen one up close . Hmm ... There 's no school rule that says you can 't come to school wearing a uniform , so ... Just think of it as practicing Misumaru Middle School 's spirit of freedom and independence . Then there shouldn 't be any problem . Well that 's fine , but what about how awkward it looks ? The school uniform that was resurrected in the present . What is the hidden meaning behind it ? There is none . You 've been watching too much TV . Damn it ! Let 's go , Subaru . Fifth period isn 't in the classroom . It 's the student assembly right ? Yup . Hey ! Jirou , what are you going ? You 're all bastards ! May Student Assembly Let 's begin the May 2070 student assembly . Let 's start with the elections , and greetings from the moderator and assistant moderator . The moderators were selected at the council meeting the other day . Yeah ! Yazawa ! The student assembly is Misumaru Middle School 's most important council meeting . Tomomichi Yazawa from third year homeroom D and ... The student assembly is Misumaru Middle School 's most important council meeting . Election and Greeting Misumaru Middle School Student Government ... Makoto Nagano from third year class room A , please come up . The student assembly is Misumaru Middle School 's most important council meeting . Election and Greeting Misumaru Middle School Student Government ... Makoto Nagano from third year class room A , please come up . Election and Greeting Misumaru Middle School Student Government It 's held once a month except for March and August . A total of ten times a year . Election and Greeting Misumaru Middle School Student Government Yeah ! Yeah ! Yeah ! Yeah ! It 's held once a month except for March and August . A total of ten times a year . Election and Greeting Misumaru Middle School Student Government It 's held once a month except for March and August . A total of ten times a year . Election and Greeting Misumaru Middle School Student Government Thanks ! It 's held once a month except for March and August . A total of ten times a year . Hi , I 'm Nagano ! I 'm Yazawa ! We 'll be flashing by the agenda ... So , let 's do it ! Continuing with a word from the Student Government President . Yes . A lot is going on with aliens and such , but there 's no need to worry . The athletic festival will take place ! I 'm sure the new students have adjusted to this school by now , so please make yourself heard . President 's Greeting Misumaru Middle School Student Government President 's Greeting Misumaru Middle School Student Government All right . Flashers Nagano and Yazawa , back to you . President 's Greeting Misumaru Middle School Student Government I will now present the moderators with the agenda . What an interesting person . Yeah . Yes ! Starting with progress reports ! PROGRESS REPORTS Operation Beach Cleaning Athletic Club Prefecture Competition Results Discussion ofEnvironmental Campaigning Yes ! Starting with progress reports ! PROGRESS REPORTS Operation Beach Cleaning Athletic Club Prefecture Competition Results Discussion ofEnvironmental Campaigning Yes . Okay , everyone please take a look at your handouts . PROGRESS REPORTS Operation Beach Cleaning Athletic Club Prefecture Competition Results Discussion ofEnvironmental Campaigning Shun ! Yes . Okay , everyone please take a look at your handouts . PROGRESS REPORTS Operation Beach Cleaning Athletic Club Prefecture Competition Results Discussion ofEnvironmental Campaigning Shun ! PROGRESS REPORTS Operation Beach Cleaning Athletic Club Prefecture Competition Results Discussion ofEnvironmental Campaigning PROGRESS REPORTS Operation Beach Cleaning Athletic Club Prefecture Competition Results Discussion ofEnvironmental Campaigning Hi ! Thanks ! PROGRESS REPORTS Operation Beach Cleaning Athletic Club Prefecture Competition Results Discussion ofEnvironmental Campaigning First , I 'd like to report the results of Operation Beach Cleaning . Last Sunday we ... I guess in short , we picked up trash on the beach . The amount of trash collected in three hours , between 9 A.M. and noon turned out to be a whopping one ton ! Aliens , shm-aliens ... The student government 's goal for now is the success of next month 's athletic festival . And so , the Student Assembly turned out to be pretty heated . Basically , it 's just that there 's no point in being overly worried . Good job , everyone . Let 's make the Athletic Festival a success ! Misumaru Middle school Student government Let 's make the Athletic Festival a success ! Misumaru MiddleSchoolStudentGovernment Is it over ? Yeah , it was great ! Yeah great ! Peace ! Peace ! Hey ... Huh ? How do I say this ... Um ... Are you embarrassed at all ? Huh ? Oh , you mean the outfit ? Well , I guess it doesn 't matter . Dispenser Murata , you 're not in any clubs ? Nope . What clubs were you in at your last school ? Hm , let 's see ... All sorts . All sorts , huh ? Then , you 're gonna be busy . Our school has a lot of club activities , so the recruiters will be coming after you . Huh ? This is my house , so I 'll see you later . Huh ? Huh ? ! Huh ? ! ? Here ? No way ... Sanemori A rich boy in a school uniform ? What 's that ? What do you mean , " what 's that ? " It 's just what I said . A rich boy who wears a school uniform , and lives in a mansion . What 's a school uniform ? Is it a type of study wear ? No , I think it 's clothing for students . You two are like a comedy show . It 's because Futaba 's asking stupid questions . Hey ! Okay , okay . Dinner 's served ! Time to eat ! Time to eat ! Thanks for the food ! Thanks for the food ! Yeah ... No one wore a school uniform even when I was a student ... For you . Oh , how adorable . What 's the point of acting sweet and cute to mom ? She gives me allowance money ! You 're hopeless . So basically , they 're really old clothes . That 's so wrong ! Mach Punch ! Dodged your play punch ! For-real hit ! Ow ! That hurt ! That 's how much my heart aches ! What 's that mean ? By the way , which house is this boy from ? A huge mansion in Yashiki-cho that said " Sanemori " . Isn 't that weird , then ? Why ? His last name is Subaru , right ? It 's not Sanemori . That means ... ! That means ... ! Hey ! I shouldn 't have said something like that . It 's probably not a big deal . You two should stop minding other people 's business , too . Okay . You too , Futaba . Okay . The world is in a frenzy about the aliens ... But that means ... they 're divorced , and he came back . But that means ... they 're divorced , and he came back . But we 're busy being nosy pests about Subaru 's situation . Hey ! What did I just say ? But we 're busy being nosy pests about Subaru 's situation . But we 're busy being nosy pests about Subaru 's situation . Bring it on ! West East Yamanoumi Inokaeru Hit Hit The people are all saying how unbelievable it is , but they 're all quite calm . I 'm sure they 're all thinking there 's no point in panicking about it . Is the reason everyone 's so laid-back about it because humanity has grown up mentally ? Or maybe we 've just become thick-skinned ? Or is it ... Good luck , boy . Morning ! Why is everyone looking so down ? Hey , Ha-chan . Vice President Moriguchi just asked Subaru to come with him . Huh ? To where ? He glared at us , and told us not to follow them . Please ! Please , stop Moriguchi ! Where are they ? The roof . The roof ? You have got to be kidding me ... ! Hajime ! Call a teacher ! Huh ? What ? Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! There he goes again . Okay ! Let 's go ! Did I get this sense of adventure from my parents ? Who are you ? You were there then too , weren 't you ? You really like to use vague words like " there " and " then " . When you talk , you should talk more descriptively . The other day , when the alien invader robot showed up in Tokyo ! Why were you there ? You were there too ? What a coincidence . What are your intentions ? What are you guys scheming ? Student Government Vice President , Kyoichi Moriguchi . He 's a black belt in ancient martial arts . This isn 't good ! This isn 't good , Subaru ! S ... Stop ! Subaru ! Watch out ! Why did you come here ? Just trying to be nice to the transfer student ... Well , I am the class rep , so ... You have a good amount of power but you don 't know how to use it very well . What ? ! Y ... You ... Who are you ? I 'll teach you how to use your power correctly . More than the aliens , or anything else seeing whatjust happened was the absolute biggest , most incomparable surprise I 've ever had . What are these guys ? To be continued ... Next Episode Hi ! I 'm Setsuna , Muryou 's sister . Muryou just transferred , but he seems to have made some new friends already . I 'm glad he 's having fun . But Muryou , I 'm begging you ! Don 't make your sis worry about you so much ! Pretty-pretty please ! Grandpa and I are far away . Even if the school calls us , we can 'tjust show up all the time . I will , though ... Next Episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou ! Muryou 's Power " Muryou 's Power . " Look forward to it ! Muryou 's Power
