 Seisa Untoko Yoito Yoi ... Haa . Mt . Mamori that blooms in spring and in the fall , the autumn colors covers thee . Student Government Members Meeting Topic : Cultural Festival Person in charge : Nayuta ... and in the fall , the autumn colors covers thee . Student Government Members Meeting Topic : Cultural Festival Person in charge : Nayuta Student Government Members Meeting Topic : Cultural Festival Person in charge : Nayuta Good work to everyone today ... Cultural Festival Person in charge Good work to everyone today ... Good work to everyone today ... Carry the portable shrine . Seisa Sei ! The power of Toudoya Shingu ... Pour forth your efforts , give all your efforts ! Duty calls for your efforts . Carry and be carried . Seisa Sei ! And , that 's about it . Good job ! Good job ! What do you think ? Pretty good , huh ? This Portable Shrine Song can have up to three verses . So , President ... What are you trying to tell us ? Isn 't it obvious ? We 're going to associate this year 's Cultural Festival with the town festival , and revive the Shrine Descension . Hachiyou ... It 's time we do it . There are people who can succeed us . Putting that aside , what do you mean by " associate " , and how do you plan to do it ? We 're going to create a Festival Division . A Festival Club sounds good , too . For now it 'll be a temporary thing . I 'm thinking about proposing it after the final exams are over ... I object ! Absolutely , positively not ! No ! No ! No and definitely no ! No and a final no ! Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru A Humble Feast Calibrating PA equipment , Do Not Enter ! Hikaru Secret meeting . Secret meeting . Secret meeting . Secret meeting . Sorry about asking you guys to come here . Not at all . But , first period is going to start in about ten minutes . Is that all right ? Yes , it won 't take long . Plus , I think your homeroom teacher Mr. Yamamoto will be coming in a little late today . I 'm sure my teacher will be , too . If you 're from third year classroom A , your teacher would be ... Ms. Isozaki , the phys-ed teacher . It might be a little strong . Oh ! Thanks . If it tastes nasty I 'm sorry ... Sorry ... Sorry ... So , what did you want to talk to us about ? Okay ... Let me get straight to the point ... It 's nasty . This ... is problematic . Yes , it 's a problem . Do Not Enter Well then , we 'll have a realtor show you a new place to live , but that won 't be possible today . It doesn 't bother me if I can stay at Ms. Isozaki 's house again , like I did last night . It might be fine with you , but society doesn 't look too kindly towards that . If the students found out that two men were . freeloading in a female teacher 's home ... It doesn 't bother me . Ms. Isozaki ? My duty is to ensure order in the Solar System . For now I 'll take them into my care , and Planet Zaigle will receive a fitting penalty from the Galactic Federation . A penalty ? They ... the Zaiglians are obviously plotting to invade Earth . Planets belonging to the Galactic Federation aren 't allowed to interfere with planets that do not belong to it . But the thing is , the majority of the Zaiglians don 't know that they belong to the Galactic Federation . The law is the law . Well , we 'll set up another time to discuss the politics of the universe . For now , I think it would be best if you two stayed at this house . Everyone , may I have your opinions ? I think so too . I also agree . I agree . Same goes for me . And , about Weinul 's position ... Ms. Isozaki seems to wish that you be put under the Galactic Federation 's care . Being put under the Galactic Federation 's care is the same as being under our care . Please relax and stay here . I appreciate your thoughtfulness . Dango Closed for Preparation Dango Closed for Preparation We are obviously contradicting ourselves ! We 're taking in an alien refugee in the name of the Federation , when we don 't even belong to it in the first place ! Now , now . We have to be nice to people in need . I wouldn 't go so far as to call it a contradiction . As a planet , Earth may have nothing to do with the Galactic Federation , but we , the people of Tenmo , have received orders from them before , so ... We 're people of Earth ! We don 'tjust protect the Earth out of duty , like that female teacher does ! It was an honor , and a formal one at that . What the Student Government President himself wanted to discuss with us was half interesting ... and half a big pain in the butt . So , what did the president want to talk to you about ? Huh ? Oh ... He asked us if we could do something about a certain someone with a bug up their butt . A bug up their butt ? Sounds like a real chore . Yeah , well . How 's this ? Perfect . Hey , what are you doing over there ? He 's writing an application to start up a club . An application ? An Application Form An Applica tion Form An Applica tion Form What the heck is this ? It looks like a letter of challenge for a duel . I told him that he only needed to hand in the necessary forms , but ... It 's necessary to show our enthusiasm from the get-go . So , what kind of club is this ? - Club Name Festival Club - Teacher in Charge - Club Objective Mr.Takakazu Yamamoto To find outabout the festival of Tenmo Prefecture We are applyingforthe club mentionedto the right . June 17 , 2070 Secondyear Classroom C Hajime Murata That 's a pretty straightforward name . What 's the club 's objective ? Muryou and I both moved here from somewhere else , so ... We really don 't know much about the festivities here . After hearing about the festival , it sounded interesting , so we decided we want to do some research on it . Hence , you humbly want to start the Festival Club ? But what do you think you 're doing , handing in an application before final exams ? We thought it wouldn 't hurt to have a head start . Confident , aren 't we ? Muryou Subaru ! He 's not here . What did you say ? He went to the teachers ' office . Oh no ! Oh , the vice president 's running in the hallway . Shut up ! You ! What do you think you 're doing ? About what ? I heard all about it ! I was told about the three evil-doers that came out of the PA room ! You , and you ! And Hachiyou ! Huh ? Where 're Hajime and Muryou ? They got caught by the bug-up-her-butt girl . That 's unfortunate . So , let 's hear it ! After what happened yesterday , I 'm sure today was about the festival . So you know about it . Then , it 's fine , right ? No , it 's not ! Let me tell you my theory ! You both were suckered in by Hachiyou and are planning to start up a Festival Club , or whatever it 's called ... Anyway ! You 're trying to start up something like that , aren 't you ? I know exactly what 's going on . Well , since we 're on the subject , might as well put my request in . We , the Festival Club , request permission to participate in the Cultural Festival . I knew it ! You 're planning to participate , and you have the student government back you up ! How could you ? What do you mean , " back us up " ? You 're going to support us ? That 's great . No ! That 's what Hachiyou thinks ! Not me ! I 'm not supporting this ! Geez , why are you guys siding with Hachiyou , anyway ? We 're not taking sides , are we ? Yeah . Doesn 't it sound like fun ? The festival ... It does not sound like fun ! I 'm sorry . It 's all right , Harumi . Don 't mind us . How is she not supposed to mind us , with this kind of mood ? Hajime , be quiet ! What 's wrong , Moriyama ? Anyway ... we 'll talk about this later ! Goodbye ! Nayuta , do you like him ? Why ? Because , you said his name and blushed . Am I wrong ? He 's just a big idiot . And on top of that , the guy next to him is the guy I hate ! He 's my archenemy ! You 're so lucky , Nayuta . You 're able to express exactly how you feel . Harumi . To be honest , I 'm not sure what your problems are , and what you 're thinking now ... I 'm trying to fulfill my duty , and I think you 're trying to fulfill your duty as well . But this ... I want to end it with us . End ? The festival - the Shrine Descension that designates the next warriors should end with our generation . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU When people acquired the power to fly into space , God descended from the Heavens . God took our leader to His Manor taught him various things , and sent him back . This is one of the legends that has been passed down to us . Legends , eh ? God 's name is Uelunn . Somehow it resembles the name of your planet . Oh , that 's because that 's my grandpa . Putting yourjoke aside for now , the things I have noticed in the last couple of days are ... Are ? This planet ... The people of Earth as well as the people of Planet Zaigle live their lives according to a major false assumption . False assumption ? That the planet that they live on is the most superior one that exists . To add to that assumption , they think they are the most superior beings . Well , if they don 't know about the outside world , you can 't blame them for thinking like that . We , the people of Planet Zaigle , knew that other life forms existed in the universe , but we have been taught that their intelligence level is lower , and that they are lesser beings than us . Is that why you guys invaded this " uncivilized " planet without any discussion ? Our goal is to research and investigate . Not to invade . What kind of investigation , I wonder ? Most likely , it is exactly what you are thinking . What would you like for dinner ? I have to go shopping . Huh ? Shopping ? Yes . Usually it 's only me , so I don 't prepare much . But today , I 'm going to make a feast . So , what would you like to eat ? You 're by yourself , Madame ? Yes , why do you ask ? Don 't you have a housekeeper or someone who stays here in exchange for housework ? Of course not ! That 's so wasteful . No ! That 's not good ! I 'm already having enough difficulties believing that you live in a huge manor like this by yourself ! No , no ... It 's a rule that the head of the Sanemori family should be by themselves . Huh ? Then does that mean you also go shopping by yourself ? Yes . What are the people of Earth thinking ? Fine ! I understand ! Leave this to us ! Thank you all for coming today . CulturalFestival Representatives Committee FirstMeeting CulturalFestival Representatives Committee FirstMeeting Official meetings will take place after the final exams . CulturalFestival Representatives Committee FirstMeeting CulturalFestival Representatives Committee FirstMeeting For now , good luck on the exams . CulturalFestival Representatives Committee FirstMeeting CulturalFestival Representatives Committee FirstMeeting Good work , everyone . CulturalFestival Representatives Committee FirstMeeting What do you think ? Doesn 't our Cultural Festival sound exciting ? It 's gonna be grander than grand ! Yeah , sounds like it . By the way ... Yes ? Where 's Kyoichi ? I didn 't see him at the meeting . He probably skipped out because he didn 't want to see your face , is my guess . What do you say ? Want to bet an anpan from the school store on it ? No betting allowed ! What was that for ? Shun , don 't you have to show your face at the press reps ' meeting ? Get hustling ! What 's with you ? There 's no need to be jealous . You 're gonna get smacked ! Scary , scary ! I was too late earlier , but you listen to me ! I don 't mean to sound haughty , but ... I 'm the one who 's mostly in charge of running the Cultural Festival . Wow . That 's impressive . Well ... so ... Basically it means you 're going to be working under me ! Do you understand ? Yes , I know . Doesn 't that piss you off ? Why would it ? Anyway , let 's work together then . Whatever ! It 's hard to tell if you 're dense or sharp . Oh , hi . So , what happened with the Festival Club ? Looks like it 's going to be approved . Oh really ? And Murata will be the club president . We sure are putting him out , aren 't we ? Yes , we are ... Sheesh ! What 's with him ! ? Moriyama ! What ? W-well , the Festival Club just got approved , so ... I thought it would be a good time to ask for permission for our club 's participation in the Cultural Festival ... No ! Hey wait ! Wait ! How was the committee meeting ? It ended without any major issues . I see ... Well ... It 's just that when I see Muryou Subaru 's face , ... I can 't help but get irritated , so ... It 's been a while since I 've seen ... At the Athletic Festival ... your smile ... Harumi , I think ... the way you were when we were kids , is the real you . The tomboy from back then ... is the real you . Forget about the Tenmo Style ! Forget about your duty ! I can 't go back to who I was back then . Neither can you ... nor anyone else ... Harumi ! I 'm so sorry for what happened last time and at the Athletic Festival . What I did seems to have disconcerted you . I 'll never do it again . Excuse me . Harumi ... What 's wrong ? Are there that many things you want to buy ? No ... It is more like ... I cannot really relax . Are you certain these eyes are appropriate ? Don 't worry . Everything about you looks like an Earthling . Have faith in Planet Velunn 's technology . Take those sunglasses off . Traditional Udon Noodles Traditional Udon Noodles Got it ! Got it ! Bean Curd This and this too ! Premium Shirataki This one isn 't it ! Futaba , do you know what we 're supposed to be getting ? Don 't worry ! Don 't worry ! Beef sirloin ... Beef sirloin ... Beef Sirloin That 's ... ! Hey , Futaba ! Umm ... Beef shoulder sirloin , thinly sliced , one kilogram package ... Got it ! Yamada in fruits and vegetables ... Yamada , please come to register two . Yamada , please come to register two . Thank you . Meat ! My , what a spunky girl . What should we do ? Even if we were to buy another one , they are sold out . Your ' Magnificent Sukiyaki Dinner Plan' seems impossible now . Seems so . Then ... Let 's switch it to ' Magnificent Nabe Plan ' instead ! Excuse me . Oh . You 're the ... . I wanted to apologize for my daughter being so rude to you just now . I 'm very sorry . No , it 's all right . Well , I guess that was bad manners but ... I have a suggestion . We only have three people in our family so , we don 't need a kilogram of meat . Why don 't we just freeze the rest ? Hey ! I 'm sorry . Why don 't we split the meat and call it a joint purchase ? Oh ! One of life 's many great ideas ! We won 't be able to have a Sukiyaki Rally with only half . Rally ? I 'm home . Huh ? They 're not home . I 'm starving ! Oh , that 's right ! Beef 's on sale today at Sumaru Supermarket ! So make sure to invite Muryou over ! And how are those two things connected ? Beef equals Sukiyaki ! The members of the Sukiyaki Rally are Mom , me , you and ... All right , all right . I 'll tell him . Umm ... Sanemori ... Sanemori ... MuryouSubaru Umm ... Sanemori ... Sanemori ... MomoeSanemori Hello , this is Murata speaking . Huh ? I 'm sorry . I have the wrong number . Huh ? Did I dial the wrong number ? Incoming call June 17th ( Tuesday ) MomoeSanemori Hello , Murata residence . I am also a Murata . Huh ? Mom ? I 'm sorry . I totally forgot . We ended up at the Sanemori 's ... Yes , I 'm at Muryou 's house . The manor is amazing ! Huh ? The Sukiyaki Rally ? We 're having it here , so come on over . Huh ? How 'd that happen ? I see , so you 're Hajime 's younger sister ? Yes . I really can 't thank Muryou enough for looking after my brother all the time . I 'm the one who 's thankful . Oh no ! It 's fine because I 'm the one that 's being thankful . There 's no need . What a funny girl . But are you sure you don 't need to help your mother ? It 's fine . Entertaining you both is helping out too . Can someone open this , please ? Coming ! Wow ! Look at the size of this thing ! We were making sukiyaki , but it ended being chanko nabe . I hope you don 't mind . Not at all . It smells wonderful . Thank you very much . Oh , that 's right ! My brother 's going to be bringing the Athletic Festival video Shun made . Let 's watch it together ! Yeah ! Come on , you need to get psyched up too ! I haven 't had such a fun dinner in a long time . Come on , you need to get psyched up too ! I haven 't had such a fun dinner in a long time . Yeah ... I haven 't had such a fun dinner in a long time . What was that ? That 's so funny ! What was that ? That 's so funny ! Are you always alone ? What was that ? That 's so funny ! Are you always alone ? Yes . Once you get used to being by yourself , it 's hard to adjust to lively places ... But liveliness like this is nice . Hey , is the nabe ready yet ? Just a little more . Hajime is late . Who cares ! Let 's eat ! Let 's eat ! Let 's eat ! Let 's eat ! Let us eat . Let us eat . Is anyone there ? Speak of the devil ! It 's Hajime Murata . Yes , yes . Please hold on a minute . And the Nabe Rally was suddenly on ! This would also be considered a significant turn of events but events like this one are always okay with me . I just hope everything stays this peaceful but of course that 's not gonna happen . To be continued in the next episode . To Be Continued Next Episode I wonder what today 's dinner will be ? I 'm Kyoko Murata . Isn 't it great that the weekly sale at the supermarket has such good deals on so many items ? Right now my daughter , Futaba is looking through the circular . She 's going nuts about the beef sirloin being so cheap . Next episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou . " After the Rain , More Rain . " After the Rain , More Rain Look forward to it ! After the Rain , More Rain
