 Oh , sorry about that . My granddaughter 's aim is terrible . My apologies . Hey grandpa ! Don 't you think " terrible " is a little too harsh a term ? Here ! Here . Well . Okay ! Well . Okay ! Like this ? Like this ! Like this ? Like this ! Here ! Nice catch ! Paper gets ... Scissors ! My oh my ... They 've been coming by a lot lately ... First things first , let 's clean this up . I guess it 's about time we find their owner . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru Oh , good morning ! Calmly , but Suddenly September has come . Uneventful and peaceful days go by . Actually , the world is supposedly in a panicked state , since they 're trying to have diplomatic relations with aliens but for some reason , it 's peaceful . Hey . Morning . Good morning ! Morning , Futaba . Didn 't you have something you wanted to ask Muryou today ? Huh ? What is it ? It 's not a big deal , but ... This is for you ! She wants you to eat it . It 's a lunchbox from your beloved wife . Oh stop it , Hajime ! Please stop jesting ! Beloved wife ? Mom 's in " getting geared up for work " mode . So , Futaba is in charge of the meals this week . Then isn 't this for your brother ? No , I 've already given my stupid brother a lunchbox . Making two is the same as making one , so if it 's okay with you ... I see ... Great ! I 'm going to work hard ! Please wait and see ! I hope you 'll look forward to it ! Dash ! The soles of my feet extended into the refreshing sky . The light is so precious to see and a star blinks in your eyes . Now , while we 're all curious about what 's inside the lunchbox , The light is so precious to see and a star blinks in your eyes . Now , while we 're all curious about what 's inside the lunchbox , Now , while we 're all curious about what 's inside the lunchbox , The light is the star . It shines through my spirit and sets my body free . The light is the star . It shines through my spirit and sets my body free . cutting right to lunch would make it look like we never do any studying . Just a precaution . The light is the star . It shines through my spirit and sets my body free . The light is the star . It shines through my spirit and sets my body free . This is just to establish that we 're being studious middle schoolers . The light is the star . It shines through my spirit and sets my body free . This is just to establish that we 're being studious middle schoolers . She still has gaudy taste . Yeah , she does ... Th ... That 's a lively lunch you got there ... Muryou 's lunch is even more impressive ! But I 'm glad that everything in here is cooked because last time everything was raw . Speaking of last time ... Hey , Futaba 's last boyfriend ! Remember when it was your turn , and everything was raw vegetables ? The lunchbox from your beloved wife ! That 's because I told her I wanted to eat salad ... Really ? Rice with salad ? By the way Ha-chan , which book is your mom digitizing this time ? The Tenmo Fudoki . It 's an ancient archive . I think it 's from the Yamato period . It was turned into a microfilm , and they found it by chance recently . Wow . An ancient archive ? It 's what my mom does for work . She takes things like old discontinued books and ancient archives , and turns them into data files . To data files ? Like this . Aozora Library Aozora Library Books get in the way when you have too many ... Aozora Library Aozora Library ... but when you turn them into caption data files it 's not a problem . ... but when you turn them into caption data files it 's not a problem . She 's also known as " The digital transfer professional ! " That 's so cool . The Village of Tenmo . In ancient times , called the Mamori . First thing she has to do , is memorize the entire book . The Village of Tenmo . In ancient times , called the Mamori . First thing she has to do , is memorize the entire book . First thing she has to do , is memorize the entire book . In ancient times there stood a castle protecting the area between Hakone and Kamakura . Thus its name was ... Then , word by word , poem by poem , she types it into her computer . Thus its name was ... Then , word by word , poem by poem , she types it into her computer . Then , word by word , poem by poem , she types it into her computer . ... and inside the castle ... That 's the basic gist of how she does herjob . ... and inside the castle ... That 's the basic gist of how she does herjob . Rice is ready ! Wow . That 's really impressive . Impressive ? Well , we really don 't have much a choice . Mom 's pretty much out of commission when she 's memorizing books . Futaba sure is psyched . Good luck . The elders seem to be at a loss as to what should be done . They 're having meetings every day , but there 's no way they 're going to be able to come up with a solution . And all this time we were the ones who secretly fought the aliens , scared half to death at that . Now suddenly it 's out in the open . Doesn 't it feel like our spotlight was taken away ? What 's with you two ? This is supposed to be a meeting , so speak up . What are we supposed to do ? Do we not have to fight anymore ? Well ... If Earth officially joins the Galactic Federation our duty as guardians will be ... Be what ? Relieved . The duty of the people of Tenmo as the guardians of Earth will be relieved . Or perhaps ... What is it ? Or perhaps the United Nations might appoint us . The Shingu may be given the duty of defending Earth . A Youth Earth Defense Force ! We 're going to be soldiers ? That 's an extreme example . For starters , right now the elders are bickering amongst themselves about whether or not the public should know about the Shingu . Kyoichi ? It 's bothering him because Hami-Hami isn 't here . That 's not it ! She 's trying to be considerate by not being here , but she 's one of us ... She 's one of us , right ! ? Huh ? Y ... Yeah . She may not be from the Sanemori lineage , but she 's one of us . Why isn 't she here when we 're discussing something so important ? So it is bothering you , a lot . No , it 's not ! Oh , are you by yourself ? Hello ... Setsuna was it ? Pleased to meet you again . I 'm Muryou 's sister , Setsuna . Oh , you 're his sister ! Who did you think I was ? His older girlfriend ? The Tenmo adults and children are so serious . What about you ? I thought everyone was at the meeting . I 'm fine . If I 'm there , they won 't be able to talk freely . Because I ... Because I 'm a spy . It must be hard being the informant . When I realized why I wanted to protect Kyoichi that day , aside from my duty , I was able to release the tension off my shoulders . Your shoulders ? The one who taught me how was you , Murata , and ... And ? What 's wrong , Kyoichi ? Hami-Hami ? You bastard ! By the way ... What does your father do for work ? Tanegashima Space Development Center Hello , this is Murata . Hey , it 's you ! I 'm sorry it was so hectic last time I was there . No , it 's fine . I 'm sorry too , that I couldn 't really entertain you . Entertain me ? That 's my home . Yes , of course . So , did you need something ? You forgot something . Your cellphone . You forgot it . Huh ? Oh , you 're right ! You 're so careless . Do you want me to send it to you ? No , don 't worry about it . Give it to Hajime for me . It 's early , but it 'll be his birthday present . Are you sure ? Don 't you need it for work ? No , it 's okay . I 'm sure I won 't be needing it anymore . It 's not brand new , but it 's still really something . You 're just being lazy . Honestly , I 'm sure it 'll come in handy . Fine , I 'll give it to Hajime . But you can 't ask for it back . Yes , yes . Well , good luck with your work . Uh-huh . Tell Futaba and Hajime I said " Hi " . Bye . Record of the School Wars : MURYO U Hi . Hello . I wonder why Yama-chu was in such a hurry ? He took off right after homeroom . I don 't know . Maybe it 's a sign that something 's going to happen again . I wonder ? Yoo-hoo ! Muryou ! Everyone , thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to come here . Enough with the speech . Getting to the point , I 'd like you to take part in a survey to collect information for future lunches . Question one ! Was today 's lunch good ? Yes . I want to eat a lunch that 's less out-there ... Okay ! Question two ! I want to eat a lunch that 's less out-there ... Do you have any requests for Futaba 's lunch menu ? Tea Tea Good food . Yeah . Something good . Okay ! Sure ! Something good ! Muryou Operation : Love Love Lunch ! was today 's lunch good ? Yes No Do you have any requests towards Futaba 's lunch menu ? Something good . That 's it for the survey . In addition to the survey ... What is it ? I 'm inviting you to the Futaba Dinner Party ! Oh no ! Please , don 't be shy ! This way ! All right . Oh , you 're so sweet ! All right then ... Is this ... ? The head of a robot ? You 're saying , these guys were roaming around your house ? Yup . At first we didn 't bother with them , but then they started getting annoying , so we punished them the other night . I wouldn 't call it " punishment " if you broke them . You haven 't changed , have you ? The Galactic Federation doesn 't use this model of combat robot . Jil , don 't you know who 's behind this robot ? Who 's behind it ? Who 's controlling them . They have to be good-for-nothings like you if they 're trying to mess up my house . Excuse me , but what is your relationship with this Velunnian ? My relationship ? That has nothing to do with the robot . We 've just known each other for a long time is all . Your relationship aside , I ask that you please leave this matter to the Galactic Federation . I am currently inquiring with the Security Council Solar System branch office ... You 'll be too late . Hey Jil ! You know , don 't you ? I could care less that you 're an observer , but I really don 't like it that my house is being attacked every night . Umm ... Let 's see ... No , I don 't know anything ! Why would I know something that Hiromi Isozaki , the Galactic Federation 's Watcher of the Solar System , doesn 't know ? Liar ! Back in the day , you used to brag to me about how many risky situations you 'd been in . You said you knew a lot of people who were against the Galactic Federation ... Wrong ! She 's wrong ! I 'm a first class diplomat , acknowledged by the Galactic Federation ! Why would I do something that would be treasonous to the Federation ? This Earth lady is totally misunderstanding something ... Fine , I understand . I knew you would ! My understanding is that you 're an alien bastard that deceives Earth women with a bunch of lies . You 're wrong ! Or , you 're an alien heartbreaker committing treasonous acts on Earth against the Galactic Federation . It 's one or the other ! What ? Jiltosh , I 'm disappointed in you ! Who cares about the petty stuff ? Tell me about this robot ! These are not petty matters ! I 'd rather talk about the robot . Could you just shut up ? What did you just say ? N ... Now , now ! Oh jeez , well umm ... Hey , don 'tjust sit there quietly . Help me out ! How are we supposed help ? Right ? For now ... Yeah ! For now , what ? Let 's have some tea . Yes , let 's ... Right about now , Setsuna should be getting some information about the enemy . Is it an adversary of the Galactic Federation , as we suspected ? The power of Shingu , or the power of the stars , is something everyone is after notjust the Federation and its adversaries . Will the stars wage war against each other ? We didn 't want that to happen , so we hid it away on this distant planet of Earth , but it seems like that only bought us some time . The United Nations is trying to ally themselves with aliens , but from what planet ? I don 't know , but I don 't think it 's a bad thing . It 's probably about time the Earth was treated as an adult . You might be right . When I see the children , I think to myself , maybe the time has come . That 's why we , the adults , have to be strong . What I protect is your heart . The Shingu 's will . You have me . Yes . Huh ? There 's nothing going on today . Aren 't you going home ? Tomorrow 's the student assembly . I 'm going over the materials because I always end up getting pried by people asking questions . I 'm staying because of this . I know what you just thought ! You thought , " That 's not like her at all " ! No . I didn 't think that . I was just surprised . That 's rude too . I 'm sorry . I like how you 've changed . I really like the person you are now . I didn 't mean it in a weird way , so ... I hope that nothing will happen . Yeah . But I really doubt that 's going to be the case . Yeah . Is it me , or is everyone working twice as hard today ? What are you talking about ? Today 's the day the Cabinet Secretary is coming to visit . Oh , it is ? He 's coming here for the inspection , and to make a public announcement about this place . A bunch of press people are here to cover the story and guests from the stars are going to be here too . I forgot about it . That 's not something you 'd forget , Murata . Cabinet Secretary ! Hey ! What is it ? Did you come here incognito ? I thought coming here by a luxury government plane would be too predictable . So I came on a fishing boat . The ocean around here is great . Cabinet Secretary lto , who holds the key to Space Diplomacy , will be arriving shortly via a government plane . According to sources familiar with the project it was Cabinet Secretary lto who took a large role in putting together the policy with the United Nations . They 're getting excited . How ironic that you 're right here . Alert . Pattern B. Deploying defense walls . Visitors , please follow staff instructions . I repeat . Alert . Pattern B. Visitors please ... I repeat . Alert . Pattern B. Visitors please ... Looks like the fish took the bait . I repeat . Alert . Pattern B. Visitors please ... Hey , hey ! That 's the bait ? And now ... Everyone , please calm down . That was an unmanned decoy plane . I am fine . Watch out ! Ito ! It 's okay . Don 't concern yourself , it 's just a robot . I 'm taking your information . Mr. So ! Hiya . Murata , could you get off of me ? I did all this just in case , but I guess I screwed up in the end . What 's wrong ? Under your butt ... Looks like I sprained my leg . Sorry ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! I won 't be able to do an interview like this . Ow . Ow . Ow . Hey , is it that bad ? You better take responsibility , Kazuo Murata . H ... Hey ! Hey , wait ! Hey ! Hey ! Take the robot to Tenmo please . We should let Ms. Isozaki take a look at it too . It 's not nice to keep her out of the loop . Gotcha ! Continuing on with an interview with Kazuo Murata who is here on behalf of the Cabinet Secretary . Live Kazuo Murata Live from Tanegashima Space Development Center Live Kazuo Murata Live from Tanegashima Space Development Center lto has ... Live Live The Cabinet Secretary has asked me to do the interview on his behalf . Live Live I 'm Kazuo Murata , a businessman . That 's your dad ? Yeah ... While our peaceful days were passing by , lots of things were happening elsewhere . While nothing eventful has happened recently , it 's starting to look like turbulence is on its way . Never mind that . Dad , what in the world are you mixed up in ? To be continued in the next episode . To be continued Next Episode I 'm Jirou ! I 'm Atsushi ! I 'm Toshio Mikami . Finally , the Festival Club will be starting our campaign ! Yes , starting ! It has such a nice ring to it ! Starting ! Does it ? By the way , why is Moriyama taking charge of the club ? Next Episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou . Chaotic Apology . That 's my line ! Look forward to it . That 's my line ! Look forward to it . Hey ! You bastards ! Chaotic Apology
