 SANADON SANADON It 's good , right ? It sounds powerful . Shingu ! We are a spiral ! A spiral that lifts the power to the heavens ! Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru Thank You , Courage Before I knew it , a night walk had turned into climbing stone stairs . Muryou and Setsuna both ... What do they want me to do ? Are you all right ? Yeah ... Moriyama ... Well done . It wasn 't well done ! Ow , it hurts ! Looks like they 've cleared the first obstacle . Why don 't we have a drink then ? Let 's make a toast to our fabulous children . That 's enough ! He 's right . Kyoichi and the others are about to start fighting ! How are we supposed to make a toast ? Are you worried ? Of course we are ! Aren 't you worried about Shun ? I 'm worried . Then ... That 's why we invited you here . It 's better to have somebody to argue with rather than be by ourselves , running around and worrying . Let 's believe in them . This situation is different from the one eleven years ago . Oh boy ... Please hold her hand . This is the secret craft , passed down to the people of Tenmo ... Astral Deviation . Astral Deviation ? It enables the heart to be sent to the skies , and create the Shingu . And with the power of the spiral , it can be sent even further , to infinite distances . Nayuta 's heart is in space right now . A powerful enemy is approaching from space . Yet , humans are unable to go to space just as they are . So her heart is transformed into the Shingu , and then it 's ... Sent into space ? Shingu has materialized . It has passed the moon 's orbit . However , the flight path is a mess . Well , what did you expect ? Well done . I should ... just keep doing this , right ? In space there 's no ground , so there aren 't any ups or downs . Even if you understand that concept in your head ... it 's still difficult . People who aren 't used to it panic , or aren 't sure what to do . I 'm sure Nayuta 's calming herself down right about now . I 'm sure she is . But , I wonder what will happen when she goes into battle ? She 's not used to being in space , plus she 's fighting with her body and heart separated ... When that time comes well , it 's a secret . Indeed ! For generations , my family has protected the power of the Moriguchi clan . Moriguchi clan ? Oh , you mean Kyoichi 's family ? Nayuta has the power to become the Shingu . Shun has the power to move fast . Kyoichi has the power to gather . Gather ? Yes . He has the ability to send the gathered powers to the Shingu . It seems like such a mismatch though . Kyoichi is stubborn , rash and always likes to be the center of attention , but here he 's doing the background work . What the ... ? Don 't worry . Missiles have no effect on that mountain . All right then ... Mr. Yamamoto , are you going ? Well , I am their teacher , so ... Mr. Yamamoto ! Yes ? We , the Galactic Federation , aren 't able to intervene in a situation where the people of Earth have advanced into space and are engaged in combat . So ... I know that . I 'll see you later . Pub Kattpore Draft Beer Bar Ryu Pub Kattpore Draft Beer Bar Ryu Thanks for coming ! Pub Kattpore Draft Beer Bar Ryu You should have left with him . There 's the possibility that certain delinquent aliens might try to take advantage of this situation and mess things up . Are you referring to us ? Yeesh ! Scary ! This is an emergency measure . This will only be temporary , but I am taking you all into custody . Here you go ! Pure Heart Journey Here you go ! Today you 're going to keep me company , whether you like it or not , so ... Let 's get aquainted . Reserved Today Yo-chan Mineo , what kind of power do you have ? I don 't have anything like that . Mineo . Please take care of Nayuta . It 's started . There 's no turning back now . I 'm counting on you , Murata . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU For you . Oh , thank you . You 've adjusted really well . To Earth , I mean . If you take into consideration the amount of time I 've spent here and the amount of information I 've collected , this is only natural . You 're still pretty antisocial , though . For you . Thanks . Great tea ! Jiltosh , aren 't you able to decipher it ? Decipher what ? Where Sanadon is located . The robots that are currently attacking the mountain were transported here from Sanadon , correct ? If you take into consideration the numerical limitations of our planet 's quantum transport technology ... And the allowed distance to send one unit to Earth ... We can speculate that it is harboring within the orbit of Mars . If the myth I know is true , the God " Uelunn " could hear the voices of the cosmos . Oh ? His power would range from one end of the galaxy to the other , and he was praised as the Ears of Heaven . Oh , come on . You 're exaggerating a bit too much there ! Ah ! Ah ? What 's the matter ? Speak of the devil . I think Sanadon is making its move . It 's started . Can you tell me which way ? That way ! Got it . Good luck ! And let 's see , over here ... Eleven years ago ... Eleven years ago , there was also an incident where they had to use the secret craft of Astral Deviation . They were also attacked like this . My father couldn 't protect them . Kyoichi 's father and mother were killed . Huh ? But ... Kyoichi 's current parents are his aunt and uncle , his real father 's brother . Kyoichi 's late father and my father were best friends . They were friends , but he couldn 't protect them ... Because they were best friends , he couldn 't protect them ... The desire to protect them created an unguarded moment . It made him impatient . He couldn 't protect them . People died ... That 's why I ... Dumped Kyoichi ? Setsuna ? Huh ? When did you ... ? Whatever the reason may be , good job . There 's no one else left on the ground that could bother Nayuta and Kyoichi . Here ... And catch ! Nice catch . So , emotions are unnecessary in battle ? But , you understand why the emotion of wanting to protect someone happens , right ? It 's because you love them . Because you love them , you want to protect them . Because you love them , you can be courageous . You were just fighting , so I 'm sure you would understand . But ... " An honest heart is the ray of the sun , the flow of the wind . " " This is the heart of the wind and light . " How do you ... ? Huh ? Oh ! The rest of the tea is for everyone else . Make sure you share the candy too . Sharing is caring ! Bye ! Has the battle begun ? The battleship Jilton is able to separate and reassemble itself . It 's a mobile battleship that 's able to attack in various formations . We reviewed the data during the noon meeting but it was full of difficult terms and technical numbers . In short , is this mobile battleship supposed to be stronger than other ones ? Yes , it is . Let 's hold hands ... But ... You can do it , Nayuta ! You can do it ! You can do it ! What are you doing , Nayuta ? Kyo ! Kyo ! Kyo ! You can do it , Moriyama ! You can do it ! You can do it ! You can do it ! You can do it , Nayuta Moriyama ! You can do it ! You can do it ! You can do it ! You can do it ! You can do it , Nayuta ! You can do it . You can do it ! You can do it ! You can do it ! You can do it ! You can do it , Nayuta ! You can do it ! You can do it ! What are you doing , Nayuta Moriyama ? They 're watching ! I 'm watching . Murtata is watching too ! What are you here for ? lts opportunity ... is also its weakness ! Yes , that 's right . Well said . She did it ! Sanadon Destroyed She did it ! Sanadon Destroyed Yes ... Thank you very much . That was a call from the Galactic Federation . Sanadon has been destroyed by the Shingu . Thus , the immediate threat was avoided ... But , who 's after Earth and the power of the Shingu ? With Sanadon completely obliterated , there 's no way of knowing that now . Isn 't it the Sanatosians ? It could be aliens from another planet using weapons made in Planet Sanatos . I knew you saw it all . No one said that it was obliterated . So you are ... ! Man , oh man ! Moriyama . You had us quite worried there . I 'm watching ! Murata is watching too ! What are you here for ? Shun ! Love that spans the universe ! Murata ... Yeah ? Thanks . I heard your voice . Yes . H ... Harumi ! I ... Muryou ... ? Hey , are you all right ? Sort of , I missed my landing . It 's hard to calculate an estimate from Mars . What 's that ? Please show it to Ms. Isozaki . It 'll serve as proof . Good job everyone ! Everyone did their best . I don 't know how useful I was , but I 'll assume I did okay . What 's obvious , is that today 's classes are going to be tough after not sleeping . Whatever the case may be , I 'm going to fully enjoy this beautiful morning . To be continued in the next episode . To be continued Next Episode This is Momoe Sanemori . The big battle is over for now , and everyone will be gearing up for final exams . Afterwards , they should be looking forward to a fun summer vacation , but Nayuta is acting a little strange . What 's wrong , Nayuta ? Next Episode of Record of School Wars : Muryou . Despite Friendship Look forward to it . Despite Friendship
