 This is Planet Zaigle 's emergency communication capsule that was recovered near Saturn . Since its diplomatic relationship with Planet Velunn ceased two thousand years ago Planet Zaigle has analyzed the Galactic Federation 's technology , and has developed their own devices such as robots and spaceships . This capsule is one of them . Lights , please . On with the show ! I am Colonel Velosh , captain of the space battleship Hilton of the Zaigle Empire . Unfortunately , we are unable to escape the crisis we are currently facing . This is what we have encountered . This ... This ... This ... life ... What is that ? This ... This life form ... I believe this life form will act again , upon deciphering its next target . I pray that this information will be useful to whomever retrieves this capsule . The Earth will be attacked once again . By whom ? By Planet Sanatos' Living Weapon of Intelligence . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru For Tomorrow So , what are you going to do ? She basically told me to come back later this afternoon . I guess I have no choice but to go . What 's the reason for your participation ? What 's the goal of this club ? If it 's an idiotic reason , then you will not be allowed to participate ! She keeps saying I have to give her a valid reason when comic skit groups and bands are applying , and she 's approving them , no problem . Don 't you think that 's unfair ? If it 's too big a pain , don 't do it . I can 't do that . I 've come this far . I 'm going to be stubborn and stick it out . Toshio . My sympathies for you . Getting dragged into such a mess with a bunch of stubborn guys . Not at all . You 're so boring . This is boring ! Boring ! I wonder why Moriyama is so tough when it comes to Murata ? You 're so boring . This is boring ! Boring ! I wonder why Moriyama is so tough when it comes to Murata ? I could care less if you 're bored , so shut up ! I could care less if you 're bored , so shut up ! I 'm sure it 's because she likes him . But why are you trying to start a Festival Club in the first place ? Yeah , that 's right ! Why are you ? I thought it 'd be good if it were the start of something . What do you mean by that ? It could get a lot of things moving . Did you call for me ? Kyoichi was sprinting and screaming alongside the highway in the rain last night . It 's just like him to do that . I 'm sorry . Song of the Heart - Hachiyou Song of the Heart - Hachiyou I knew the reason was you . What was it this time ? Song of the Heart - Hachiyou Forget I asked . By the way , they 're having an emergency meeting at the Sanemori house right now . Is it an enemy again ? We might have to use the secret craft of Astral Deviation on the Shingu . But ... My predictions usually come true . Most likely , afternoon classes will be cancelled , so please make sure to submit the budget chart to the school during this class period . Sure ... Is it after the power of Shingu ? That is unknown . Planet Sanatos isn 't a member of the Galactic Federation . Right now we 're trying to figure out what exactly their deal is . But your captain was a fine man . Captain was an amazing person . He was a person who understood his responsibility , and also possessed the knowledge and courage to thoroughly carry out his duty . Yes , that 's true . He treated us equally , and was cordial to us . We admired his kindness and strictness , so we did our best to give back . It is a very unfortunate incident . Apparently there 's a misunderstanding , so I 'd like to introduce someone . I am Velosh , captain of battleship Hilton . You 're not dead ! No one said I was dead . Our associates rescued them while they were drifting in their shuttle . Ms. Isozaki , please tell us these things beforehand . The progression of the meeting agenda took precedence , so the explanation was delayed . See , look what happens when you lead them on with a lengthy speech . I only expressed how I truly feel . But I am glad to see you are safe . Thank you , Lieutenant . Well ... um ... Let 's get back on track . Student Government officers , please come to the smaller meeting room . I repeat . Student Government officers , please come to the smaller meeting room . Hajime . What 's going on ? I repeat . Student Government officers , please come to the smaller meeting room . How should I know ? I repeat . Student Government officers , please come to the smaller meeting room . How should I know ? Emergency Announcement Fifth period will be study hall due to an emergency faculty meeting . Announcement Afternoon classes have been cancelled . Your teacher will explain in homeroom after this period . Yes ! Being good does pay off ! This is awesome ! It 's been cancelled ! Hey , what 's wrong , Hajime ? It 's begun . Something that requires Moriyama and everyone else 's abilities . I 'm coming in . Hey . You 're ... You know him ? He 's ... I 'm Jiltosh , a Velunnian ! I 'm a first class foreign diplomat , acknowledged by the Galactic Federation . My hobbies are ... let 's see ... Worry about that later on your own time . Yeah , yeah . We don 't have time , so we 're going to cut straight to the explanation . I 'm sorry for canceling class , but this is a matter of emergency . Is it an enemy ? Yes , and a very powerful one . Sorry I 'm late . Earlier , the Zaiglians they 're the aliens that we were fighting against until recently , though we 're not anymore . A Living Weapon of Intelligence that swallowed up their spacecraft is apparently headed this way . A Living Weapon ... of Intelligence ? We 're currently investigating to find out who sent this weapon to Earth and for what reason . But one thing is certain . If you allow it into the Earth 's atmosphere , there 's going to be trouble . Planet Sanatos ' Living Weapon of Intelligence will do anything to accomplish its programmed mission . It 's a weapon that thinks . It 's a pain , because it absorbs or assimilates whatever 's in its surroundings . Greedy , isn 't it ? Is its objective really Earth ? I don 't know , but it 's definitely heading towards Earth . We will make the first move . There seems to be an increasing number of people who have figured out our planet 's secret , and they are launching systematic invasions . This time , we 're not going to be able to deal with them the same way we have previously . Therefore , we will use Astral Deviation . Astral Deviation ? In the past , we have used Astral Deviation only three times . Once a thousand years ago , once a hundred years ago and then in the tragedy eleven years ago . Since then , I was going to forbid the use of Astral Deviation , the secret craft that sends the heart to far off distances . Dad . But I have faith in you . Send your hearts to space . I 'm sorry , but the Galactic Federation cannot officially intervene in matters that concern the Earth , so ... That 's why we 're here , Ms. Isozaki . Moriyama . The Galactic Federation must avoid any forceful andlor cultural intervention towards an undeveloped planet because it would hinder the correct evolutionary path of that planet ! Those are the rules so there 's nothing they can do , is what she 's saying . It 's undeveloped , but they possess the power of Shingu ... Despite that , it 's still considered undeveloped ... Contradiction , contradiction ... What a contradiction ! But , we will still fight . That 's right . You have to fight ... And you have to win ! For your future , and for your loved ones ... Right ? Right ? Right ? Me and this lady over here can 't directly help you , but let me do this one thing ! As an act of sincerity ! One thing ? What are you going to do ? Name the enemy . " Living Weapon of Intelligence " is a wordy name ; it 's hard to get pumped up about it . Sa Na Do N Sana ... don ? Because it 's from Planet Sanatos ? Sanadon Sanadon It 's good , right ? It sounds powerful . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Huh ? Second year classroom C. Hajime Murata ! Looking for Nayuta ? Well ... uh , no ... No one 's there , so ... If you 're looking for Nayuta , she went home . Huh ? But ... Is this what I think it is ? Is this about Hachiyou 's evil scheme ? Stop making me sound like I 'm up to no good . Did Moriyama really go home ? Didn 't your teacher mention it during homeroom ? Due to the school 's system server malfunctioning , we 're going to do emergency maintenance . I 'm sorry to say , today 's classes are cancelled . Afternoon club activities and committee meetings are also cancelled . It 's more or less a day to do some studying for anyone who wants to . But I 'm glad this happened before the exams . If only the weather would clear up now ... Jirou . Take it as a sign from God saying you should get some studying done . Damn . She 's the one who told me that I 'd better come this afternoon , too ! How rude ! Now , now . Come back again tomorrow , Murata . Again tomorrow , huh ? Yes , again tomorrow . Then see you tomorrow ! First thing tomorrow morning , you 'd better show that lousy mug of yours in the PA room ! When you do , you will get the royal treatment and be served my very own special blended coffee ! You mean the one that Muryou spat out ? That 's not a royal treatment I 'm looking forward to . I 've got a lot of confidence in this one . Oh ? Hey . A little while ago , Hajime Murata and Nayuta Moriyama seemed as though they had nothing in common . We didn 't argue about the Cultural Festival , nor was there a tender turn of events . All we did was walk . I don 't know what Moriyama is thinking exactly , but ... I think I have a vague idea ... I 'm not a poet nor am I a writer . So of course , I don 't really know . I go this way , so ... Oh , okay . Bye then ... Bye , I 'll see you tomorrow . Yes . I 'll see you tomorrow . I 'm home ! Welcome home . Home ! Why are you looking so intent ? I hope I get a good score on my exam . Why are you looking so intent ? I hope I get a good score on my exam . I hope I get a good score on my exam . Futaba is very serious about it . You know that the Tanabata Festival is a long ways away , right ? Don 't you know the story , " The Grasshopper and the Ant " ? You find out how you did on the final exams exactly around the Tanabata Festival . Something good will come of it if you make a wish ahead of time ! I hope I get a good score on my exam . You 're relying on God without putting in any effort ? Don 't you think that 's more along the lines of the Grasshopper ? How so ? How am I the Grasshopper when I 'm working hard at making my wishes ? Now , now . What 's the deal with that poem slip ? Muryou Love Stop being so nosy , Hajime ! You know what it is ! So that 's the one you 're serious about . Exactly . I got it . Hello ? This is the Murata family . Hey , Muryou . Hey . I figured you 'd be getting home around now . What 's going on ? It 's unusual for you to call . I thought so too . Hello ? Muryou ? Hi Futaba . Last night 's nabe dinner was fun . Yes ! It would have been the best day of my life if my stupid brother hadn 't hit me after that . Don 't end your life just yet . Whatever ! Your life 's already over anyway ! It is not ! Dammit , stupid Futaba ! Go away ! Human rights violation ! You 're such an abusive brother ! Enough , Futaba ! Um ... Should I call back later ? It 's okay . It 's fine now . I moved away . Bleeeah ! Hey ! Tonight ... Tonight , when the rain stops ... When it stops ? You should go for a walk . You 'll be able to see a beautiful full moon . Huh ? A full moon ? But make sure you sneak out , so your family doesn 't know . What do you mean ? Talk to you later . Muryou ? A sudden mysterious message from a friend ... I feel like I 'm the main character in a role-playing game . Although personally , I 'm more of an action game fan . Is the rain ... going to stop ? It 's a beautiful full moon . Muryou Love One good deed a day Working . I 'll clean it up later . - Futaba Muryou Love And so , the hero set forth on his journey . Hi ! The call that Muryou made ... Did you make him call me ? I 'm so jealous about the Nabe Dinner Rally . It figures you guys have these fun events when I can 't go . That 's not true . You take part in a lot of events . What were you doing then ? Why couldn 't you come ? I was traveling over hills , mountains and towns doing all sorts of important work . For a part-time job ? Here we are ! Setsuna ? You 're on your own from here . This is the Tenmo Shrine . Nayuta 's house . Oh ... Hero , I shall bestow you with this ! Tadaa ! Hoshikaki Hard Fried Soy-Sauce Flavored Hoshikaki Hard Fried Soy-Sauce Flavored These are gifts from various places that I wasn 't able to give you until now . That 's great , but ... how are you always able to bring specialty sweets from so many different places ? Huh ? Huh ? Proceed ahead and the next guide shall lead you or something . It 's a little too early for a spook trail ... Tenmo Shrine I never would have guessed I 'd be having a midnight picnic . You 're ... I 've been waiting for you . Huh ? Oh ? Mineo , what 's about to happen ? The ritual for Astral Deviation . Astral Deviation ? A ritual that allows the heart to be sent to far off distances . Moriyama 's ... ? Are you the same as the people in the student government ? I 'm different . I 'm different from them . My role is to protect them . They 're watching us . Let 's keep going . Harumi is bringing him . Let 's hurry . Hachiyou , are you really sure about him ... ? Lady Momoe said so . I have no doubts . It 's going to be fine . But , he 's not a Tenmo native ! Are you jealous , Kyoichi ? Stop joking about it ! Don 't get so hotheaded , Kyoichi . You 're the very foundation of Astral Deviation . If you lose concentration , we 'll ... I know . Are you ready ? It 's almost time . Yes , it is . What is going to happen ? Those kids are going to fly into space to defeat Sanadon . Sanadon ? Sanadon ! Planet Sanatos' Living Weapon of Intelligence . As far as I know , there is no aircraft in this area that can travel between the stars . This is something that has been made evident in our investigation . Their hearts are placed upon and carried by the power . The Shingu is a physical , yet non-physical power . The power of Shingu ? That 's right . It 's the mysterious power that the elders of your planet wanted . Shingu ! It 's started . Power is not in thy body ! Carry our hearts , and the power shall become the new Shingu . To the sky ! To the sky ! To the sky ! We are a spiral ! A spiral that lifts the power to the heavens ! That light is Moriyama . I don 't know why , but that 's what I thought . That light is ... To be continued in the next episode . To Be Continued Next Episode I 'm Harumi Mineo . To face the enemy from outer space the people of the Sanemori clan will use the secret craft , Astral Deviation . It 's my duty to protect everyone 's empty bodies . Murata , please take care of Nayuta . Next Episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou . Thank You , Courage " Thank You , Courage . " Look forward to it . Thank You , Courage
