 Kyushu Mountain Range Tracing back three days ... Aliens have appeared in Kyushu ? The robot at Tanegashima was a decoy . The Protectors of Kyushu were unable to hold them back . I 've ordered all the Protectors in the country to gather . I 'm leaving the safety of Kyoichi , Hachiyou , and the other Chosen , to you . That day ... I won 't make the same mistake I made that day , eleven years ago ! We will intercept them at Hakone ! Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru Virtuous Fist Fight ! Fight ! Fight ! Fight ! Fight ! Fight ! Fight ! Fight ! Fight ! Fight ! Fight ! A ! E ! I ! U ! E ! O ! Ka ! Ko ! A ! E ! I ! U ! E ! O ! Ka ! Ko ! Looking back three days ago ... Thanks to Moriyama 's surprising and unexpected help the Festival Club 's activities had suddenly become lively . Very nice . Who brought them ? There 's only one member in the student government who 'd do something so thoughtful . Is it Mineo ? Probably . What are you doing ? I was watching the sky . I see . It sure is a beautiful morning . Yes . They 're wild chrysanthemum , right ? Wow , Murata , do you know flowers well ? Not really . My mom likes to do a lot of gardening . That 's why . Yeah , your house is really pretty , with flowers planted everywhere . Even my grandfather was impressed . So , about the poster ... Oh , right . Sorry . Wavering Bastard Boil , young blood ! Kick off the Earth and be moved by the power of youth ! A film of passion ! Was it Toshio who came up with this design ? Yes . Last night , I suddenly got an email from him saying , " This is what I came up with . " It 's very analog . I think it 's fine . Then , is it all right if we post them up ? Of course . I have no reason to object . Misumaru Middle School Student Government Stamp of Approval How many did you print up ? Um ... about thirty . That 's a lot of stamping . Sorry . What the ... ? Hey ! Morning . Morning . What are you guys blissfully staring at flowers for ? You 're creeping me out . I ... I 'm just getting permission to put up posters for our club ! Let 's see ... " Second Video Screening " ? It 's the periodic video screening I was telling you about . We 're thinking of doing it once a week for now . Your lecture about the festival was really informative . If something comes up again , we 'd really appreciate your help . You 'd appreciate my help ? Just so you know , I didn 't do it for you guys . Do you think a poster like that is going to be approved ? Ha-chan . How did it go ? As you can see , A-OK ! All right ! It feels so unresolved . What feels so unresolved ? Unresolved , or more like I can 't get myself pumped up ... Something 's not sitting quite right . Well , in the end , you are helping the Festival Club which you were against , so that 's probably why you 're feeling like that . I don 't want to hear that from you ! I somehow got dragged into this , and by association , no less . Every time I think about where my determination went it really starts to bug me . Whatever you guys are scheming I will run a fair student government following Misumaru Middle School 's spirit of freedom and independence ! I even wore that outfit , put on a mic and declared it in front of everyone too ... Come on , there 's nothing wrong with being a happy trio . You ! Stop suddenly popping up like Setsuna ! Call me unpredictable . So , who are you calling a happy trio ? Everyone 's saying it . Moriyama , Murata and Subaru are best buddies . E ... Everyone ? Everyone who ? To change the subject , here 's an invitation from the elementary school . It says they 're welcoming presentations for their school festival . Misumaru Elementary School Koyurugi Festival To ourmiddle school brothers and sisters , " Request forUpperclassmen Presentations " Next week Misumaru Elementary School will be havingthe We were wondering if we could have some help ... It 's a request for upperclassmen presentations . This is something new . Shun , why don 't you do something ? Hmm . Let 's see ... H ... Hey ! What happened to the " happy trio " subject we were just talking about ? This is a good opportunity , so let 's notify the other clubs . Sounds like a plan ! Whatever ! She 's stubborn as ever ! She wouldn 't be Nayuta if she weren 't . My father is headed to Hakone . Lady Momoe has already informed me . This school may become a battleground . I will take care of it . Can you do that ? I swear it , on the name of the Tenmo Style . Mineo ... She 's changed . Yes , she has . She 's still a gentle person , but somehow she seems more resilient . What is the Galactic Federation going to do about this ? The Federation aside , I will fight alongside everyone , since this school is also my workplace . That 's very encouraging . For the future of the children . Three days ago , a giant weapon appeared off the coast of Tanegashima . As everyone already knows , it was destroyed by the Shingu . At the same time , a group of aliens appeared in the Kyushu mountain range and the Katamukiyama Mountain area . They disappeared after they escaped the Protectors from that area . The next day , the aliens appeared in the Chugoku mountain range . Yesterday , they appeared in the Suzuka mountain range , then in the Kiso mountain range . As of this morning , they came into contact with the Protectors in the Mount Fuji woodland . According to the information we just received , we can speculate they are heading towards Hakone . They 've avoided Asougi 's village ... From Hakone to Tenmo Mountain ... As we suspected , their target is Tenmo . After all of those battles almost all of the Protectors of Western Japan have been killed . It 's headed that way ! Our powers are useless against it . Is our only hope the Tenmo Style ? Robots and battleships can be expected , but the aliens that are launching an attack along the mountain range are ... After the battle eleven years ago and the recent battle against Sanadon the enemy seems to have come up with various new tactics . We can 't make this public . We can 't send the Japanese police after them , and the enemy is too small to send the Shingu . Our Clan has been defending Earth , on our own , all this time , and now that seems to have backfired on us . Oh ! Excuse me . Yes , of course it 's unfortunate to the Protectors who have fallen victim . I have no intention of making a mockery of them . Let 's make a plea for help to the Galactic Federation . At this point , worrying about our reputation is not an option ! We should immediately ask the Galactic Federation ... We can 't do that . Why is that ? Yes , why ? For what reason have we been protecting the power of Shingu ? Our existence is at stake ! The Galactic Federation has an obligation to protect - They have no obligation ! If we make a plea for help , it means we must forfeit the various privileges we have been given , up till now . The Galactic Federation wants to protect the power of Shingu but that doesn 't mean that they want to protect us too . Please keep that in mind . It 's an important existence , but it can be taken lightly . That is Earth to them . But doesn 't that seem to be changing lately ? What with the Space Diplomacy and all ... Huh ? What are you talking about ? Anyway , for now we must do something about this by our own means . But the cost is too great . Kamiyama45 minutes Sounzan Station45 minutes Harumi ... the rest in your hands . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU The Seagull House is a jolly ol ' house . Jolly ol ' friends will be greeting you . That 's strange ... The Sanemori Clan is currently in a frenzy , but there is no news or talk that hints about the subject . Is the news being manipulated ? It 's not being manipulated . They don 't know about it . They don 't know ? They are the fighters ofjustice that have been defending Earth against the evil invaders of space , for over two-thousand years ! The fighters ofjustice are the Sanemori Clan and its members who live in a city , right here , in the Shonan area ! What is the matter ? No one knows . Society doesn 't know the hardships of the fighters ofjustice . Are you not going to help them ? Nope . Why ? Because ! They 're not fighting in the name ofjustice . They 're fighting for their own existence . They have to be able to handle something like this on their own . Plus , if they used their heads a little more they 'd be able to figure out what the enemy is after . Pondering for a moment ... Oh , I get it ! That was fast . An unidentified spaceship is approaching , but we 've lost track since they 've entered the solar system . The intruders seem to have risked an extreme-distance quantum-teleport from their ship . The result ... Three dead . They 're reckless . In order for them to approach Earth it 's best to prevent their biggest threat , the Shingu , from appearing in space . That should do it . By the way , why is Muryou absent today ? Oh , you 're right . I wonder what 's wrong with Muryou ? What kind of friend are you ? He 's been bombarded with Futaba 's lunches lately , so maybe that 's why he 's absent . The poster is crooked ! There she is ! Please submit your program for the Cultural Festival soon . Toshio is typing up the proposal right now . You can take a look at it later . I see . Then I 'll see you later . Make sure you put it up straight ! What was that ? This is Mineo . I understand . Thank you very much . 3rd Year Homeroom D Musashi Miyamoto Moriguchi ! You have a visitor ! So ... what did you want to talk to me about ? Please entrust me with your life . What 's happening ? My father has been defeated . Mr. Mineo has ? Please come with me . If you use me as bait and run away from the school , it won 't get attacked ! Is that the plan ? I 'm not as fast as Shun in running away , and I can 't fight like Hachiyou and Nayuta ! I 'm the perfect bait because my powers aren 't as threatening ! Your power is the power to gather . It 's the power to bring everyone 's power together . Without you , the Shingu cannot be sent to outer space . The Astral Deviation ... The one the aliens are after is you . I am the only one who can protect you . That 's why I want you by my ... Harumi . Mr. Yamamoto ! You guys will stay in the student government office ! But , Mr. Yamamoto ! Calm down , Nayuta . Hachiyou . The gohei must be ringing ... Eliminate the adversary with one strike . This is the fighting method of the Tenmo Style . What 's that ? It 's a protective charm . Harumi ! We 're not done yet ! Harumi ! Harumi ! Harumi ! The power of the Chosen is great , but there are opponents on which their powers are useless . That is why we , the Protectors , exist . The ones who are the source of the Shingu , although their power may be great are unqualified in combat requiring physical techniques . Thus , ones to protect them ... are needed . That 's right . The Chosen submit their bodies and take in the power of the stars , to make that power their own . For us , the Protectors , our power is here . Here ? " An honest heart is the ray of the sun , the flow of the wind . " " This is the heart of the wind and light . " Are you sure ? Maybe it is an enemy only Harumi can defeat ... It 's the Protectors ' duty to protect the Chosen ... But , Harumi is my friend , so ... You 're not making any sense . Hachiyou ! You 're right . Let 's go . Harumi ! Harumi ! Harumi ! Harumi ! Harumi ! Not again ! I don 't want someone I love to die again ! Not again ! That 's ... Muryou Subaru . Harumi ! Harumi ? Tenmo Style Technique , Fist of Wind and Light . Harumi ! Hang on ! Harumi ! Kyoichi ! Harumi ! Hey . Muryou ! Hey . Muryou ! You ! What have you been doing all this time ? I was in space . Space ? The tiger at the front gate is gone . All that 's left is ... The wolf ? Kyoichi ! Harumi ! Are you all right ? Yeah . Harumi ? She 's all right . She 's strong ... You 're so amazing . Amazing ... Kyoichi . Muryou . Muryou ! Okay ! That 's all of them ! Now we just have to be diligent and spread the word around . It 's the little things that amount to a ... Huh ? Muryou ! What happened ? Get Mr. Yamamoto and Ms. Isozaki ! Hurry ! Okay ! Muryou is unconscious . Mineo is tattered . Moriguchi is covered in dirt . I wonder what happened during lunch break ? I 'll hear what happened later in the infirmary , but for now ... Mr. Yamamoto ! Where are you ? To be continued in the next episode . To be continued Next Episode I 'm Hachiyou Tsumori . I can breathe easy now that I know Harumi and Kyoichi are safe . I wonder if Muryou is all right ? Let me sing a song to pray for his recovery . Seisa Untoko Yoito Yoito Seisa Untoko Yoito Yoi Haa ... Oh right ! Next episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou . Impatient Optimism impatient Optimism . Look forward to it .
