 BLUE HAWAII HEIGHTS BLUE HAWAII HEIGHTS Umm ... BLUE HAWAII HEIGHTS BLUE HAWAII HEIGHTS So , what 's your name and affiliation ? So , what 's your name and affiliation ? The Zaigle Empire Space Force ... I 'm Lieutenant Weinul of the Solar System Region Investigation Team . Lieutenant , when did your planet become divided and start the war ? I do not know . Plus , there is no history that says our planet was ever governed by one organization . We 're telling you that it was . A long time ago ! No one 's going to believe an alien stranger who says something like that . Before history ... In terms of Earth time , the truth becomes legend after two thousand years . It 's common for those who govern to lead their people into forgetting any inconvenient history . So we seem like a bunch of blasphemers , trying to teach you to take fairy tales seriously . And you look especially suspicious , too . I still have yet to fully trust you all . True . It 'd be wise for us to collect information for the time being . This should be a good opportunity for you . Being able to see the world you were living in from the outside isn 't something you 're usually able to do . We 'll listen to your story at a later time , then . You 'd better not tell him anything strange . I 'm a member of the Galactic Federation . Where 's your trust in me ? I 'll take full responsibility for giving him a place to stay , so don 't worry about it . But before that , there 's something we need to do immediately . Huh ? What 's that ? Clean this room . Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru Your Smile It 's about to start ! Let 's see Today Live that during memorable lunch campus scene break one more broadcast ! time ! in the Audio visual Hi everyone ! I 'm Shun Morihata ! I 'm Hikaru Inagaki ! Our apologies to the people who want to have a quiet lunch ! But ... bear with us just for today ! The following forty minutes we 're about to show are from last week 's 2070 Misumaru Middle School Athletic Festival ! Encore ! Encore ! We 'll show it ! You 're gonna hear it ! And you 're gonna cry from watching these countless memorable and funny moments ! We 're gonna cry ? You may end up crying about how amazing it was , or you may end up crying about how pathetic it was ... You 'll have to see it to find out ! Wasn 't this year 's Athletic Festival a lot of fun too ! ? It was fun ! Wasn 't this year 's Athletic Festival a lot of fun too ! ? It was fun ! It was fun ! That was just how we planned it . Good job . That was just how we planned it . Good job . It 's been ten days since the fierce Athletic Festival battles , and we 've now entered the rainy season . Our positive attitude and attention are currently turned towards finals at the end of the month , and to summer vacation afterwards . But , there are times when we look back and remember the fun , too . Fierce Athletic Festival Battle Fierce Athletic Festival Battle There you have it ! Fierce Athletic Festival Battle A broad overview of what happened at the Athletic Festival ! First we made it concise . Shun 's getting into it . First we made it concise . Shun 's getting into it . Then , we squished it into YOUR brain , and BAM - shook it all up ! Then , we squished it into YOUR brain , and BAM - shook it all up ! Yeah , he 's totally into it . Then , we squished it into YOUR brain , and BAM - shook it all up ! Then , we squished it into YOUR brain , and BAM - shook it all up ! By the way , it was very unfortunate for the White Team . Yes , it was . I 'm sure everyone knows , but just in case ... The final score was 280 to 27 4 ! The Red Team won by a mere six points . All the events were fought head to head , but there were two things that made the victory definitive . The Cheer Competition and the Cavalry Battle ! People are especially still talking about the surprising end of the Cavalry Battle ! And now we bring you ... the Cavalry Battle Digest ! What ? Why are you watching that ? Hey , what 's wrong ? There 's tea over on the table there . I thought it 'd be safe here ... You 're terrible , Hachiyou . What ? Nayuta , you don 't want to see Shun 's show ? Tea Tea No I do not ! This is so stupid . Tea Tea I don 't understand why people are so excited to watch stuff like that . Tea Tea Especially you , Kyoichi . Why are you watching it ? S-Shut up ! Now , now . Calm down , Nayuta . Oh ! Here 's the scene in question . Now , now . Calm down , Nayuta . Oh ! Here 's the scene in question . I 'm sure this is the first time this has ever happened in Misumaru Middle School history ! Yes ! The horses that the captains are on are about to meet their match ! Muryou Subaru and Kyoichi Moriguchi , who have had their ill encounters before ... " There 's going to be a fierce battle between these two ! " is what I thought ... And there 's no way I was the only one thinking it ! That 's for sure ! He 's right . Believe it or not , the horses they were on fell apart when they met in the middle and they both fell off their horses ! The battle ended with both captains losing the battle ! The result was an unexpected tie between the Red and White Teams ! The camera that taped the moment of truth only caught it from this angle ! Hikaru , you didn 't tape it when you were wandering around with the camera ? Sorry . I was taping somewhere else . We 've interviewed the participants on how and why this happened ! JudoClub Captain Nozomi Shimoyama ( 14 years old ) JudoClub Captain Nozomi Shimoyama ( 14 years old ) Well , I was just thinking that my feet suddenly felt light . JudoClub Captain Nozomi Shimoyama ( 14 years old ) JudoClub Captain Nozomi Shimoyama ( 14 years old ) We were headed straight towards Muryou 's horse and ... JudoClub Captain Nozomi Shimoyama ( 14 years old ) I don 't remember anything else . BaseballClub Captain Goro Yamaoka ( 14 years old ) Why did you have a head-on collision ? BaseballClub Captain Goro Yamaoka ( 14 years old ) BaseballClub Captain Goro Yamaoka ( 14 years old ) I don 't know . BaseballClub Captain Goro Yamaoka ( 14 years old ) BaseballClub Captain Goro Yamaoka ( 14 years old ) I 'm certain we were heading towards Moriguchi 's horse because we were ... BaseballClub Captain Goro Yamaoka ( 14 years old ) ... challenging him in the Captain 's Match , but ... How stupid ! Kyoichi , why did you have a head-on collision ? Why 'd you guys crash into each other when it 's supposed to be a Cavalry Battle ? How should I know ? It was the horse guys that did all the running ! In a Calvary Battle , you 're supposed to get the opponent 's headband . In short , you , Muryou and the guys from the sports clubs got all riled up and lost it ! Hah ! So the two cool , collected guys actually turned out to be hot-headed , simple-minded dummies . What ! ? Now , now ... Nayuta , you 've had a venomous tongue lately . Oh really ? Subaru and Moriguchi , the captains of the Red and White Teams , did not make any comments pertaining to this incident . Conclusion : It 's a Mystery ! Thus , " strange things like this do happen in the world " is the conclusion . Conclusion : It 's a Mystery ! So , since the Cavalry Battle ended as a tie the match that really decided victory between the Red and White teams was actually the event before that , the Cheer Competition ! Here are the memorable moments ! The Best in Japan What 's with this scripting ? How did it lead up to this ? Oh , this is great ! I am Momotaro of the White Team , best in Japan . I shall destroy you all ! Take that ! And that ! And just like that ! That 's so pathetic ! Moriyama and Hajime and Muryou are so ... M ... m ... m ... my stomach hurts ! It hurts sooo much ! Hey ! That 's rude ! You 're laughing too hard ! You guys were all great , especially vice president Moriyama ! Beat the Red ogres and ... White wins ! Wow ! This is a side of Nayuta Moriyama that we never could have imagined ! What an amazing act ! Her obsession for victory made her shed her real self ! I 'm sure everyone thought White would win for sure ! But wait ! The Red Team threw themselves out even further ! Let 's do it girls ! Yeah ! Hurrah ! Hurrah ! Hurrah ! What is that ? That 's so embarrassing ! Kyoichi , the heartthrob of all the girls has pom-poms ! What a let down ! Say what you will , but it won 't bother me one bit because it 's coming from the loser . He got you there , Nayuta . Come ! Let 's welcome our Goddess of Victory ! Goddess ! Goddess ! Goddess ! Goddess ! Everyone ! Don 't push ! Don 't push ! Red Team Victory Amazing ! I 'm sure the White Team has no regrets . The boys are all happy , and the girls are in awe ! It seems like the repulsive male cheerleaders were a prologue , leading up to this . Now , let 's continue on with the best of the funny moments ! First ... Here 's " I love mascot costumes ! " One ! Two ! One ! Two ! One ! Two ! One ! Two ! Stud y Hall Harumi is so amazing . She 's normally so quiet , so it didn 't seem like showing off at all . But it 's such a waste ! She 's so good at gymnastics , and cute , too . Maybe she not allowed to because she 's the family heir . That 's so old fashioned ! How many centuries ago are we talking about ? Come on ! Stop it Jirou ! Oh , stop it Jirou ! Harumi Mineo , the treasurer of the student government , is the only child of an ancient martial arts dojo master whose main dojo is here in Tenmo . I 'm not sure if she 's good at doing backflips in midair because she 's an expert martial artist , but everyone who lives in this town has some sort of specialty . That 's probably because ... Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Moriyama ! What are you doing ? A check up . Check up ? On this ? I 'm in a hurry . Later . Hey ! What 's so fun about following people around ? You 're trying to make fun of me too ! Yes , I know ! I 'm an idiot and a scatterbrain ! Yes , I dressed up as a water imp and wore a Momotaro outfit and said " White wins ! " I 'm not like Harumi ! Huh ... ? Don 't follow me ! You ... Sorry ... but ... But ? But what ? This is how I go home . Your Magistrate , you say that , but I have no idea what you 're talking about ... What do you think ? Samurai dramas are pretty fun , right ? Fine , then you leave me no choice . Take a look at this ! You 're ... ! You thought you could fool me ? You guys are the fools after all ! You ... You 're that goofball from ... That 's right ! I 'm the goofball Hayabusa ! What a trite fantasy drama . It lacks justice when the one who does the sentencing is investigating as an officer . Cut the show some slack . After all , it 's not too diffrent from the position that the Galactic Federation is taking towards the Earth right now . Have some . It 's pretty good . There is only one person who can become the law itself and administerjudgement . Only God can do that . Hey kid , you 're looking low ! Why are you talking like an old man ? Huh ? Hi . What 's wrong ? Well , they 're having a family meeting at the Sanemori house right now . Family ? Now is the time to reveal ourselves and destroy the Zaiglians ! It 's still too early ! You ... ! Are you really okay with your own child being in danger ? The Shingu will not lose ! I 'd rather not be around when dismal things are going on . Yeah , I sort of get what you mean . So , when I was walking around the shopping district , Futaba ... I walked out of the photo store and there he was ! It was such a fateful encounter ! This is a lot of pictures . How much did it cost you ? Don 't worry about it , because this time , I got a mommy sponsorship ! Do you like taking pictures ? Yes ... Ah ! This feels like a meeting for an arranged marriage ! Oh ! She 's cute ! Great smile . S-Setsuna ! Sis , what are you doing here ? My , what a nice greeting . I came to hang out because they 're having a dismal meeting at the Sanemori house . Isn 't that what you 're doing too ? Like brother , like sister . You guys think alike . Oh right ! I even brought goodies . Believe it or not , I brought butter cookies from Hokkaido ! And really fun friends ! Here 's the goodies and friends ! Hokkaido Hi ... I heard from Master Moriguchi that you were quite remarkable at the Athletic Festival while I was gone . Forgive me . Knowing you , I 'm sure you did it well , without being arrogant . As proof , Master Moriguchi was very happy . Once in a while is fine . After all , you 're still a middle-schooler . Protect Kyoichi . Day by day , the circumstances are leading us towards battle . H ... hey . It 's a coincidence . I absolutely was not waiting ... for you . I wasn 't ! It really was a coincidence . It 's because you suddenly ... Er no , I don 't mean that in a weird way ... How cute ! I didn 't come because I wanted to . Itjust so happened that that woman blocked my way and said " come with me ! " and dragged me here . Sure , sure . Setsuna didn 't mean it in a bad way , so ... I 'm sorry . I 've been acting strange lately . Have you ? I thought I could do anything , and I thought I understood everything . But ... What 's wrong with that ? In my case , there 've been a lot of things lately that I don 't understand . I think you know more than I do , because you were born and raised in this town . That 's not what I meant ... Harumi ... She 's cute , isn 't she ? Well , yeah ... I guess ... Oh whatever . This is my true nature . I 'm me , Harumi is Harumi ! All right ! I 'm done being depressed ! I 'm sorry about everything today . On top of that , I made you listen to me complain . Don 't worry about it . I don 't really get it , so ... What ? Is something wrong ? Where are you going ? What the ... ? BLUE HAWAII HEIGHTS It 's burning , it 's burning . Hey . What 's going on ? It 's a fire . Can 't you tell ? Where 's that Zaiglian ? I don 't know . Damn , I shouldn 't have asked him to watch the house . Seisa untoko yoito yoito ! Seisa untoko yoito yoito ! If the aliens want to quarrel amongst themselves , that 's fine by me ... That 's what I 'd like to say , but ... To be perfectly blunt , you 're an annoyance ! It 's a festival , it 's a festival ! Dokoi dokoi ! Here comes the portable shrine ! The portable shrine ! Yoitona ! Todoya todo , of the Shingu ! Untoko yoito selsa sei ! I appreciate your help . Sorry for the trouble . It 's no problem , Teacher . Hachiyou ! Hey , I was practicing the song for the festival , and then ... In short , there are a lot of strange people in this town . You 'll know soon enough . Humans can 't run at full speed for miles . You should try to pace yourself . Same as last time ... You 're being reckless . Pathetic ... This is pathetic ... Are you all right ? I think it 's over now . I 'm going home . Do you want me to call you a taxi , then ? Piggyback ... So , is it true ? Is what true ? You really didn 't tape the decisive moment of the cavalry battle ? We don 't have it . It 's such a shame ! Kyoichi didn 't suspect anything . The Student Government President is quite skilled , isn 't he ? Well , show it to me when you get the chance . This sort of feels like we 're manipulating the report , doesn 't it ? Your true self , that you don 't let other people see ... She 's hiding it with all her might . The duty that Moriyama carries seems to be quite a burden . Someday I might learn more about the circumstances surrounding that . Well , I 'll deal with that when the day comes . It doesn 't really matter , but ... she 's heavy . What did you say ! ? See you next episode . To Be Continued Next Episode I 'm Yamamoto , the teacher for Misumaru Middle School 's second year class , homeroom C. Now that the Athletic Festival is over , the students ' attention seems to be focused on final exams and summer vacation . In the midst of all that , three students from my class have come up with an interesting idea . Next Episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou . " A Humble Feast . " Look forward to it . A Humble Feast
