 The power of the Stars ... The power of the Shingu ... The body will become a new vessel ... You are yourself , but you 're not . Entrust and surrender your body to the tide . Remember the feeling when you transform into the Shingu . You will proceed to the next stage . From your body to the new vessel ... When the new vessel becomes your own ... Then , you will realize . The true power of Shingu ... The true meaning ... I haven 't realized it ! I haven 't realized anything yet , but I want the true power , now ! The true power ... The true meaning ! I want the strong power to protect everyone ! What 's wrong ? The body became a new vessel ... Record of the School Wars : MURYOU Record of the School Wars : MURYOU I looked up at the sky ... Ano sora o miagete Record of the School Wars : MURYOU ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita ... and drew it in my heart kokoro ni egaita Believe in your strength ... Sono chikara o shinji ... and walk along arukidaseba ii Because winds may stab painfully ... Itaku sasu kaze ya ... and uncertainty might wash you away fuan ni nagasare If you close your eyes ... Hitomi o tojitara jibun o ... you may lose yourself miushinau kara I can fly higher and higher Motto takaku , takaku toberu Don 't forget to take your courage Yuuki o wasurezu ni This won 't change for ... Iku sennen saki made ... thousands of years to come kawaranai Because the light is always there Hikari wa soko ni aru An Empty Soul Awakens I 'm going protect everyone ! I 'm going to protect everyone I love ! Moriyama disappeared . She flew to space , leaving only the cherry blossoms in her wake . Hey ! Do something ! Hey ! Calm down ! Kyoichi ! Didn 't you come to protect Nayuta ? Fly to space like you did ! Fly and save Nayuta ... But I wonder if Nayuta is still all right after flying to space ? What ? People can 't go to space in living flesh . That 's why we have the secret craft , the Astral Deviation ! That 's inappropriate ! Hang it up ! There 's no need to hang up . I will transfer the Galactic Federation 's data . Ms. Isozaki ! Ms. Isozaki is an agent of the Galactic Federation . Moriyama ! Yes . She was able to materialize safely , but she will soon make contact with the enemy . In sixty seconds ... That 's too fast ! Hey ! It 's moving ! So , the following people will patrol the area surrounding the school and the rest will be on the field protecting everyone ... Leave it to us , Mineo ! Yes . Everyone good luck . Huh ? I see , you see it too , huh ? Are you guys following it as well ? Tanegashima Space Development Center Tanegashima Space Development Center Yes , of course . As well as we can , anyway ... The giant ... After the Shingu materialized , it traveled past the orbit of the moon ... SANADON SHINGU ... and it will soon make contact with the enemy . Okay , you know what to do . Send the data to the various countries ... I 'll talk to you later . Thank you for letting me borrow it . Not a problem . Sorry about that . I gave my cellular phone to my son . Let 's take a look too . We 've pulled our fleet back so it doesn 't get in combat 's way . We 've done the same to our fleet . And you 've made the spaceships above Tenmo retreat as well ? Yes , should worse comes to worst . What do you mean , worst ? The moment Shingu turns to Mugen . Mugen ? What is that ? The name of the Shingu when it was once a man . Contact Shingu Sanadon 3 Sanadon 1 Sanadon 2 Sanadon 4 Japanese Version Contact ? One Destroyed Sanadon 4 Sanadon 3 Sanadon 2 Sanadon 1 Shingu Shingu Undamaged Japanese Version She did it ! One down ! Yes ! All right ! All right ! Go ! Go ! Moriyama ! You can do it , Nayuta Moriyama ! The Shingu is not energy . " Shingu " refers to both energy and the one who wields it . I 'm impressed you discovered that . And in addition , for figuring out who the Magistrate was , I 'll give you five cushions total ! In the war against the Cosmos Alliance ... In the last Great War there were three Heroes on the Galactic Federation 's side ... And opposing them were the five Heroes of the Cosmos Alliance . The power of the Heroes was tremendous on both sides . One Hero could destroy an enemy fleet by himself . Two down ! Destroyed Sanadon 1 Sanadon 4 Shingu Japanese Version Record of the School Wars : MURYOU You can 't believe it ? Does it seem like a myth or a fairytale ? But , didn 't you see the power of the Shingu yourself ? And you 're still watching now ... The power you gain using a machine and the power you gain from using your heart are the same . The same ? The war , of course , came down to the Heroes killing each other . Countless planets were blown away and many people died . Then ... Then ? One of the Heroes ' power surpassed its limit , and in effect , an entire galaxy was vaporized . Sanadon 3 Sanadon 4 Shingu Japanese Version I don 't want to hear about old stories ! That 's not what matters now ! Aren 't Nayuta and the Shingu important to you ? Yes , they are important . What ? That 's why I 'm telling you this story . Tenmo Shopping District Hajime , what is this ? This isn 't my cell . It must be him ... What is this ? It 's tedious to monitor it through the spaceship network so ... . I 'll share my information with the people who are involved . What do you mean by share ? Yes ! I 'm bringing everyone a live broadcast of what I 'm seeing . I 'll even add on-the-spot sound effects for you ! Mr. Aloha ? What was that ? You 're able ... You 're able to see space from here ? And show it to everyone ? I can let them see and hear it . Uelunn ... Are you really ... God ? No ... I 'm the Magistrate . Ve-yan ... Jiltosh is the Magistrate ... Space with sound effects ? That 's not really right but , hey ... She fell ? Nayuta ! Moriyama ... Moriyama ! It 's trying to absorb it ? Nayuta ! Moriyama ! It 's the same as what happened to the Jilton battleship ! As she is ... As she is , it would be best for her to get absorbed by Sanadon ... For Earth as well ... Stop it , Kyoichi ! Kyoichi ! You 're with him on this ? How is that the best ? What you just said . What does that mean ? The Shingu ... Moriyama won 't lose . The problem is what happens afterwards . The problem ? But the Shingu has been ... No , look at that ! Is this ... ? She made the power of the vessel ... her own . Yes ! She did it ! After this ? Yeah . What is going to happen after this ? What do you mean by that ? Now , the Shingu will regain its original form . What is that ? Until a few minutes ago , it was the Shingu . But not anymore ... Anymore ? What is it now ? The remains of what used to be a Hero of the Galactic Federation . The remains of a person who lost control of his power and took away many lives ... Mugen . Current Attack Status An attack from Tenmo Beach to the moon ? Ve-yan ... He 's serious . The Shingu is no longer the Shingu . It 's trying to regain its original form . Isn 't the original form supposed to be Moriyama ? Let me explain that . Jiltosh ! Let 's see ... I wanted to proceed with this as peacefully as possible but ... Seems like the space diplomacy is making progress , so we 'd better check now , or else ... It would be bad , right ? Check , meaning you are going to test Nayuta 's power ? Yes ! Out of all the people of Tenmo in the past two thousand years , she has been the best at commanding the Shingu . Her chemistry with the power of Shingu couldn 't be better ! But because she 's such a good match , there 's a great possibility of her getting taken in . You know why I came here , right ? To stop me ? You 've guessed it . Setsuna ! You 're ... ? Yes ... She 's part of the first generation of the Tenmo people . The original ... And also , Mugen 's younger sister ... You can 't stop me . Setsuna 's our ancestor ? It 's your choice to place hope in the people of Earth , but if we lose our chance now , many stars and lives will perish again . Wait ! Jiltosh . Tenmo Sports Field Tenmo Sports Field Hello , pretty lady . Tenmo Sports Field Tenmo Sports Field What are you doing by yourself ? I guess I 'm guarding the premises ... Is there something you need ? I came to see my grandson . Let 's save her ! We can save Moriyama ! It felt like everything had connected . The numerous events that have happened since Muryou came to our class ... My encounters with various people ... Moriyama , we 'll save you . To be continued in the next episode . To be continued Next Episode Jiltosh will head to the skies to seal the Shingu again . I also will go , to save Moriyama . Humans are unable to go to space in living flesh , but I have to go . With Tsumori , Moriguchi , Morihata , Jirou and everyone else 's help , Muryou and I will go . School Records Continue Next episode of Record of the School Wars : Muryou . School Records Continue School Records Continue Look forward to it .
