 Previously on Taken ... What do you want from me ? ! Leave my family alone ! You really do need to see someone . There is something in my head . I think the things are tracking devices . - Dad ? - He isn 't me , Charlie . He 's making me from the picture in your head . They 'll come for Charlie next . You gotta go . Charlie , we 're gonna move around for a while . Is this because of what happened to dad ? What are these ? - Tom Clarke . The Tom Clarke who ruined my father , who thought our entire program was a lie . Kind of ironic , Jake . The country 's leading debunker turns out to have a half - alien half brother . Don 't you want to know what changed his mind ? You 're sleeping with Eric Crawford , Owen Crawford 's son , the son of the man who ruined your mother 's life . How could you do that ? ! He 's not his father . He 's covering up the biggest secret in American history , he 's lying to the public on a regular basis - What in the hell makes you think that he 's not lying to you ? ! We believe you 're carrying the evidence of a spacecraft that crashed in the New Mexico desert in 1947 . What kind of evidence ? We believe you recovered bodies and that you 're transporting them . You and your friends here will be detained for interfering with a move of Air Force personnel . Look ! Look ! How long you think you can cover something like this up ? The crates . Get these people onto the trucks . - Do it now ! - Yes , sir . - Step up . - Let 's go . All right , everybody into the trucks ! Move it ! This way ! This way , please . Let 's go . That 's it , move it up . What are you gonna do with all these witnesses ? Hold them for 72 hours , convince them what they saw was the Goodyear blimp . They 're not gonna believe that . They 're gonna talk about this . Let them . The more people talk at once , The more it sounds like nothing but noise . They took your bodies , too , didn 't they ? Now what are you gonna do now they 've taken back all your proof ? It didn 't have to be this way . How could it have been any different ? It 's all gone . You gotta love it . We must have been getting close . Why do you say that ? Remember I said I thought they had an organic transmitter ? I think it was one of the bodies . We missed that . It was right in front of us , and we missed it . They couldn 't afford to have us figure it out , so they just ... Took it all back . Every last bit of it . Not quite everything . Well , as expected , they pulled our plug . eric : What are they going to do ? All our evidence , all our research is gone . I thought I made a pretty good argument . " Senator , " I said , " the reason we have nothing to show you " is that it was plucked from our slimy little hands " by a flying saucer . You can 't deny that . Right out of the sky , and pluck . " Too bad we couldn 't find Charlie Keys . You know what burns my ass ? I 'll tell you what burns my ass . If we 'd gotten any funding at all , I could have gotten that positioning system running . We could have tracked Keys by that thing in his head and found him or anyone else taken in 24 hours . What are you going to do now ? Couple of buddies of mine from Yale are going into biotech . How about you ? I just keep picturing Tom Clarke smiling that smug smile of his and saying , " Still don 't know how it flies , do you ? " What you keep picturing is his sister dumping you . I still want to know what made Tom Clarke a believer . You could have had your answer , but you thought with " little Eric . " " Hey , little buddy , where do you want to go ? " " Over to Becky 's house . " " Okay . " " Hey , let 's take her to see the alien . " " Good idea . That 'll really impress her . " My own personal foibles aside , I still want the answer to that . I want to know what changed his mind . ALLlE : Is every moment of our lives built into us before we 're born ? If it is. does that make us less responsible for the things we do . or is the responsibility built in. too ? After you hit the ball. do you stand and wait to see if it goes out . or do you start running and let nature take its course ? If that ball had been another couple of inches , it would have gone out of the park , end of story . I swung too late . I thought it was gonna sink . That 's why I like baseball - you can 't make assumptions . I thought you liked it because it was impossibly hard and there are useless statistics you could memorize . Yeah , that , too . Ohh - Are you all right ? Yeah , I 'll be fine . We 'd better get home . This was your grandmother 's . Love you , sweetie . Every day and twice on Sundays . Honey ! Stay with him . I 'm gonna call 911 . It 's beautiful . So are you . He 's gonna know it , too . Who ? The guy you 're gonna meet one day . He 's gonna take one look at you ... And he 's gonna know there is nowhere else he wants to be . # I gave you my time # # Why you wanna ... # Sorry it took so long , honey . Charlie ? Charlie ? Charlie ? Honey ? Charl - Honey . Honey ! You can 't run off like that . I thought - What 's wrong ? Where were you , sweetie ? Where 'd you go ? Oh , Charlie . He 'd been , um ... Getting weaker since your grandmother died . I kept asking him to see someone , but ... He wouldn 't . He was so ... resigned . I guess he understood what was happening to him . That sounds just like something he would say . Damn it ! Damn it , Danny ! Hey , Danny ! - Danny ! Carol , what 's up ? My husband just died is what 's up . My husband is dead , and I 'd appreciate it if you 'd stop making all that noise . Oh , man . I 'm so sorry . If there 's anything I can do ... ALLlE : People say that when we grow up . we kick at everything we 've been told . we rebel against the world our parents have worked so hard to bring us into . that part of growing up is kicking at the ties that bind . But I don 't think that 's why we kick at all . I think we kick when we find out that our parents don 't know much more about the world than we do . They don 't have all the answers . We rebel when we find out that they 've been lying to us all along . that there isn 't any Santa Claus at all . Hey , do you like Hüsker Dü ? I think Bob Mould is probably as deep as it gets . I saw them last year in Sacramento . He was great . I 'm Nina Toth . - I 'm Lisa . - Hi . So how was your first day ? Brutal ? This place is totally harsh , so I 'm gonna make a suggestion . You wanna be friends ? For life . Lisa ! And that 's my stepdad . - Really ? - Yep . My mum 's in Berkeley taking a class in alternative nutrition . Oh , cool . So it 's just me and Danny . Well , I gotta go . Okay . Make sure you call me . - All right . - Okay . - Bye . - Bye . Think how quickly our differences worldwide would vanish if we were facing an alien threat from outside this world . And yet . I ask you ... What could be more alien ... Wait till she forms her own band . All right . Lisa ! Dinner 's ready . Lisa , come on . Dinner 's ready . Potatoes ... Lise ? Lise ? Lisa ? I 'm in here . Oh . Sorry . Everything all right ? There 's a phone number in my jacket pocket . Could you get it for me ? Yeah . Number one ... And number two . That ought to hold you . Mr Holding , do you have any champagne ? I 've got some Pepsi . - Pepsi will do . - All right . Just don 't expect me to give you the " today you are a woman " speech . Please don 't . I 'm really glad you called me . I 'm really glad you came . Ladies . Thank you . Here you go . - Thanks . - Lisa ... Today you are a woman . - Well said ! - Cheers . You 're the very first person I ever met who 's lived in a trailer park . My stepdad 's a musician , and the lady who owned a bar he played at owed him money , so we just wound up with this trailer . Don 't apologize . It 's very , um ... Rockford Files . I know , I 'm totally strung out on television . Hey , Nina , thanks again . It was a pleasure meeting you . No problem . Next time Lisa needs anything from the store , give me a call , I 'll tell you which aisle . I 'll see you at school . - Bye . - Bye . You sure you don 't need a ride ? My mum 's picking me up . So ... Guess you 're gonna go out and get all grown up now , huh ? Your mum would be sad she was missing it . You 're getting really good on those drums . Thanks . Danny , I 'd like to take Watson for a walk now . I 'll leave the door open for you . Thanks . Come here . Come on . Watson , come on . Shh ! Watson ! Watson ! Watson , what is it ? Watson ! Watson ! Watson ! Lisa ... Today you are a woman . - Hi . - Hi . Why do you think the aliens took all their stuff back ? Well ... What makes you think they took it all ? Ha ha ha ! - Enjoy . - Thank you . I hear this was quite a show . Oh , w - What do you want ? I find I have a lot of free time on my hands . Imagine that . How 's Becky ? You want to have a conversation that doesn 't end up with me coming over this table and stuffing my fist down your throat , you stay off of that subject ! We 're not enemies anymore , Tom . We 're on the same side . I 'm a private citizen now . Our friends saw to that when they took all our evidence . What do you want ? You went from a sceptic to a believer in a nanosecond . That happened months before the Mojave Desert sightings . I want to know why . Maybe I just saw the light . What do you know that you 're not telling ? Say hello to your sister for me . Tell her I miss her . So , there was a lot of excitement around here while I was away . I 'm sorry I wasn 't here . I 'm fine , really . Your Uncle Tom has a lot of pretty weird ideas . You 're not starting to have the same ideas , are you ? What if I am ? You come from a special family . Your father had an amazing mind . He could look at things and figure them out . With people , too . He could see things other people couldn 't see . There was a lot about him that ... There was just a lot about him . Honey , your life is changing because you 're growing up . You 're not being abducted into a spaceship . You 're being " taken " into adulthood . Of the two , I 'd say that 's far and away the scarier proposition . Hi . For Austin , Texas , please . Yeah , the number for Tom Clarke . Thank you . How 's Pasadena ? You 've seen one genome , you 've seen ' em all . How 's Julie ? You two still haven 't gotten divorced ? Mary got into Yale , huh ? Thank you for that letter . I told you , they love me . Directed a play there my senior year , won a couple of awards . Gave Harry Hamlin his first part . How the hell you been , man ? Good . Really good . So , uh , what 's all this about ? They said they 'd tell us when we got here . Probably some investigation to find out how we lost a flying saucer . After 12 years , I think it 's about something a little bit more current than that . This is Mission Control . Do you copy ? Argonaut 1 , come in . Argonaut 1 , come in . Damn it. you guys . where the hell are you ? Mission Control . this is Argonaut 1 . What 's going on up there . Argonaut ? What do you mean . Houston ? You 've been off-line 2 hours and 20 minutes . Houston. our last transmission was only four minutes ago . We were at coordinates - Oh. my God ! About three weeks ago , we sent a manned mission into space . This launch was unannounced . The purpose of this mission was to put certain sensitive equipment into orbit . What sort of equipment ? Do you remember a program of President Reagan 's , the Strategic Defence Initiative ? Yeah . Star Wars . As you probably remember , there were some questions about whether or not this program was feasible . Before President Bush revisits the project , we need to know that it 's viable . So what did you send up ? A reactor ? One of the drawbacks to getting the program off its feet was finding a compact power system that could put out enough kilowatts to power both particle beam weapons and rail guns . You did ! You put this thing into orbit , didn 't you ? Our payload was highly classified . The capsule had been in orbit for 14 hours . It was two hours away from being in a position where the payload was to be delivered . The astronauts went dark for almost 21 / 2 hours . They disappeared . No contact . Nothing . Then they were back , clear as day . They had no idea they 'd lost 21 / 2 hours of their lives . The payload ? Gone . I guess they didn 't want a reactor messing with whatever they 've got going on up there . This is a waste of time . The people in this room represent $ 286 billion a year in defence spending . We need your help , gentlemen . Stop playing games and tell us everything you know about whoever it is who 's out there and what the hell they want . I assume you ladies and gentlemen have all seen E. T. They 're nowhere near that nice . We are back , baby , we are back ! I don 't think you get how big what just happened here is . We are reinstated , fully funded , blessed for as long as Bush is in . Probably after that ! Would you mind getting into this without me ? I 'm gonna keep on the Tom Clarke thing . He keeps getting calls from someone in Los Altos , California . The phone is registered to a Danny Holding . I thought I 'd run out there and take a look . For a while , I thought all this was a bluff . I thought you had something big , but you 've been on this Tom Clarke thing 12 years now , and the best you can do is check his phone bill ? Forget Tom Clarke , will you ? I 've looked at other things , but it keeps coming back to him . The Clarke family , they matter . They 're the key to this . This is about your father , isn 't it ? You 're just trying to finish something he started . What exactly you trying to atone for here ? You might as well be looking for Charlie Keys . You 're not gonna come in ? I said good-bye to your father 13 years ago . This is something for you to do yourself . Dad ? He isn 't me . He 's making me from the picture in your head . He 's lying . What do you want from me ? ! Leave my family alone ! Dad . Aah ! They 're coming for you ! We 've lived here for the last seven years . eric : " We " would be ? Myself , my wife , and my daughter . Do you rent , or do you own ? Who rents a trailer ? Are you interested in this sort of thing ? That 's my daughter 's . Well , it 's actually my stepdaughter . Is that important ? Sure it 's important . Everything 's important . Your stepdaughter ? Yeah , from my wife 's first marriage . She was married to the brother of the guy who wrote that book-Tom Clarke . Your wife 's first husband was ... - Jack . - Jack . Jack . That 's Lisa 's dad . We call him Jack , but I 've heard my wife refer to him as Jacob . Is this all part of a regular census questionnaire ? This is a follow-up , Mr Holding . It can never hurt to follow up . Well , here she is now . This is my daughter Lisa . This is Mister ... Jones . Mr Jones from the Census Bureau . I 'm very , very glad to meet you . Do you own any pets ? Oh , come on . Pick up , pick up . Tom Clarke . Uncle Tom , it 's Lisa . Lisa ! There 's a man here . I get a really bad feeling about him . You said I should listen to my feelings because they were from my dad . That 's right . You should . He says he 's from the Census Bureau , asking Danny a lot of questions . In civics , we learned about the census . It happens once every ten years . There 's not supposed to be another one until 2000 . What does he look like ? Blondish hair ... Shorter than you ... Kind of old , like 40 . He 's dangerous . You have to get out of there . Right now ? - Yeah. right now . - Okay Do you remember our plan ? Yes . Go to your friend Nina 's . I understand . I can be there by tomorrow night . ALLlE : My mum told me once that when you 're afraid of something . what you want more than anything else is to make it go away . You want your life back to the way it was before you found out there was something to be afraid of . You want to build a high wall and live your old life behind it . But nothing ever stays the same . It 's not your old life at all . but your new life with a wall around it . Your choice is not about going back to the way things were . Uncle Tom , thanks for coming . Your choice is about hiding or about going right to the heart of the thing that scares you . That was so awesome . Schooled that guy . - Got the hands for it . - All right , Charlie , see you . - Good night , Charlie . - See you , Charlie . See you guys tomorrow . It 's homey . A person starting college , a life of their own , they need homey . Homey . I kinda like it . How much ? I 'll give your mum a call and let her know we got you settled , but I don 't want you calling her or anybody else for quite a while . Tell me about these people , why they 're looking for me . The man that came into your house , his name was Eric Crawford . His father was an army colonel . His name was Owen Crawford . And he came after your father ... came after Jacob . Your Aunt Becky and I fooled him into thinking that Jake was dead , but I guess that Eric figured it out . But why was Owen Crawford looking for my dad ? This has to do with the things you write about . See ? You already knew . You knew the first time you called me . And you said one day , you 'd explain it all . Yeah , well ... I think you 've had enough excitement for one day . Don 't you ? Listen , if you ever need me , this is what I want you to do . I want you to take out a personal ad in the national edition of the New York Times and have it say , " Drummer seeking gig with ... Texas country band . " You 're young . You could still develop decent taste in music . Listen . I know . But you 're gonna be okay . Okay . Our first date , your dad and I went for hot dogs . You know , your dad never kept his own medals . I don 't think he ever went to collect them . But he carried your grandfather 's with him every day of his life . They were in his pockets when he died . Your grandfather was a hero , Charlie , just like your dad . How 's your job ? I like teaching . I think I 'm pretty good . I 'm sure you are . What 's this ? That is a picture of your father . He must be about eight . This guy with him is his stepdad . Your father used to talk about this . It was the most scared he 'd ever been in his life . Yeah , yeah . This is definitely that . What ? Well , his stepdad took him to a carnival , one of those travelling kind they set up in vacant lots . Some games , some rides , that sort of thing . Those rides , they can be pretty scary . They spin you around , turn you upside down , drop the floor out from underneath you . But none of that scared your father , uh-uh . It was the carnies ... The guys who ran the rides . He said there was something about them that just gave him the creeps . Well , like this guy . I guess if you were eight , he 'd seem pretty creepy , huh ? What was wrong with dad ? He had a - He had a brain disorder . Made him believe certain things . What kind of things ? He 's dead now . Do you really want to remember this part of him ? I want whatever I can get . He believed he 'd been taken ... by aliens . Lots of times . And the men ? The people we were hiding from ? - I guess they believed that , too . - How about you ? I don 't know , sweetie . I don 't know what I believe . Your dad said once they were like his guardian angels . He thought they were protecting him ? No , he thought they wanted him for something . He believed they had saved him from dying in Vietnam . I think , in the end , he thought they were coming after you . They have come for me . More than once . That 's why he screamed the last time he saw me . He could see that they were already taking me . If you were eight , yeah , maybe this would scare you . But you know what , mum ? None of this scares me anymore . Now it just makes me mad . If they come again , I 'm not going without a fight , and if that lands me in some hospital room , staring out some window , screaming , then that 's what it does . What was he like , my grandfather ? I didn 't really know him that well . He kind of frightened me . How come ? He was always nice to me . I-I don 't know . I guess he just terrified your father so much . All your father ever wanted from that man was a pat on the back . It 's amazing how not getting something so simple can do so much . When did you get in ? Night before last . I had a few days before fall quarter starts . Good to have you home . I 'm sorry , honey . He 's got a lot on his mind . Why don 't you leave him ? What ? Leave , as in pack your bags , walk out the door , and don 't come back . It 's not as simple as that . Yes , it is . He 's thoughtless , insensitive . If he can still get it up , he 's doubtless unfaithful . Honey - You know it 's true . I have my compensations . I have you . So move to New Haven . You 'll have more of me and less of him . I can set you up with my " Perspectives on Science " professor . He 's very cute . You 're terrible . It 's in the blood . Do you think I look anything like him ? " Home is the sailor home from the sea and the hunter home from the hill . " I 've got something important to tell you . It can keep . I 've got earth-shattering news . You ready ? You wanna sit down or ... What 's your news ? I was wrong . " About what ? " you ask . " It 's like this , " I answer . I take all the money the generals threw at us , and I tell my guys , " Build me something that will pick up the impulse signals from those implants " - The signals that were being amplified by that transformer . The transformer I said was the body we had stored at Groom Lake . Y-Yes . They build the thing . They turn it on . Voilà ! Lights up like a Christmas tree . " Now , why does this make me wrong ? " you ask . Okay . These signals are big and bad and boosted . Somewhere on this planet , there 's still a transmitter going strong , as if when they grabbed all their stuff , they deliberately left it behind . What does this give us ? What I always said it would . We can track any implant , anytime , anywhere . Look at this . Find Alan for me , will you ? Remember that chip we took out of the girl from Cleveland ? We put it into the head of a guy named Alan . Works for the Department of the Interior . - Thinks he went in for a root canal . - Found him , sir . Get him . Motel 6 . May I speak with Mr Alan Stewart ? One moment . Hello ? - Mr Stewart ? - Yes . Hold for Dr Lamarr . Who 's on the phone ? Quiet . It 's Dr Lamarr . Just wanted to check on your root canal . Is that your wife ? ! How does she know where you are ? I-I 'm fine . Dr Lamarr . how did you find me ? Mr Stewart , I 'm a dentist . That 's my job . If you 're gonna talk to her . what 's the point of being here with me ? I have to go . I 've got a patient in the chair . You understand . I still don 't understand how this helps us . Oh , yeah . This sea of blinking lights , our very own galaxy of abductees . How do we know who goes with each blinking light ? Exactly . We cross-reference known abductees , their movements , et cetera , with the implant data . We name them and eliminate them . That leaves unidentified abductees . If there 's someone we 're looking for , we feed in everything we can - data from field agents , all of that-compare patterns . Amazing what you can do with a modern computer and a couple of billion dollars in taxpayers ' money . Can you find Charlie Keys ? Yeah . How would you like to find somebody else ? You kinda suck . Do you think you can unsuck by a week from Wednesday ? We 've got a gig at the O.K. Hotel . I 'm in the band ? No one else answered the ad . No way , man ! Didn 't really mean it . About you sucking . You 're no worse than the rest of us . Thanks , I guess . Just felt kinda bad , like I hurt your feelings or something . I 'm tougher than that . First time away from home ? Yeah . I remember the first time I slept on my own in my new apartment . When I woke up . it took me a minute to remember where I was . I 'm lying there thinking how weird it is . Yesterday. when I woke up . everything was normal . Today. it 's gonna be different forever . That 's exactly what happened to me . I expect to wake up any minute and be back in my old room ... " It was all just a dream . " Thanks for being so nice . It makes all of this a little less heavy . Anytime . No , you are not gonna take me ! You are not gonna take me again ! You get the hell away from me ! Get the hell away from me ! It 's open . What are you doing ? Sorry , Naomi . I 'm sorry . Nothing . Sorry . This is how you 're spending your leave of absence ? Sitting in the dark , reading , with a baseball bat by the door in case anyone drops by ? I just needed a little time by myself . I 've been principal at Lincoln for ten years , and I taught there before that . Charlie , you 're the best teacher I 've ever seen . I 'm not gonna lose you without a fight . What is all this ? That 's nothing . " The Alien Agenda : What The Abductions Really Mean " ? Compendium of Alien Races ? " Adopt An Alien " ? What is this all about ? Oh , my God . You think you 've been abducted by aliens . Do you have any idea how many people say that they 've been abducted every year ? Charlie ... People believe in those things because they have to believe in something . If that 's all it is , how come all the stories are so similar ? Because we see the same movies , we read the same books ... They 've been taking me since I was nine . The last time they took me was only six weeks ago . They came into this house , and they took me . I tried to fight back . I kicked and I hit and I bit . It did nothing ! They ripped me right through the living room wall ! No ! You are not gonna take me ever again ! You 're not gonna take me ! You 're not ! Charlie . There 's no reason at all why you should believe me . So I 'm gonna get proof , and I 'm gonna show you and anyone else who will listen that I 'm not crazy . Okay , Charlie . Okay . It took us almost two months before we found her . Something wrong with your system ? No , the system 's fine . She just doesn 't have an implant . Why would she ? She 's Jacob Clarke 's daughter . What do you do for an amputee ? You build them a fake hand . From their point of view , we 'd be psychic amputees . We 're missing something they take for granted . So what did they give us ? Implants . They 've given us electronic versions of what they have biologically . Pull up the images of the brain tissue samples we took from that fire in Alaska . Spectrographic analysis turned up some weird trace compounds . Colour code for density threshold . This sample comes from the brain of that twin who died in the fire with your brother . The twins were failed attempts at crossbreeding , but we worked from the assumption their cellular structure is almost identical to Lisa 's . Good . Now zoom out . The tissue is doing double duty - spirals of neurons acting as antennae . We found her . She was just broadcasting on another frequency . Hey , dude ! Bye . Hey , Lisa , how you doing ? We got so much to talk about . Don 't stand there - do something ! Unh ! The national edition of the New York Times. please . I 'd like to place an ad in the personals . I never told anyone about your father . I didn 't put it in any of my books . But when Eric Crawford came after you , I should have told you . I don 't know if I would have believed you . So ... This Crawford came after me because I 'm ... One-quarter alien ? Does make you pretty interesting . Wow . From what I have experienced , and I 'm only talking about what I 've seen ... They don 't want to hurt anybody . They saved you . They walked you home . Your father was very important to them . And I guess that you are , too . I think I know why . These are the matched repeaters . We started with anyone who had been taken more than once . We noticed there was a subset - People repeatedly taken on the same day as others . We found Charlie Keys . Let 's assume he 's part of pair number 55 . Why 55 ? Numbers thing . Go with me for a moment . Charlie 's last abduction , right after we started tracking him , came on September 8th . If we backdate Lisa 's pregnancy , we can give her a conception date of September 8th . They 're breeding him with a girl who 's ... One-quarter alien already . It 's beautiful , isn 't it ? I 'm not quite getting it . That 's ' cause you don 't have my years of experience in the private sector . See , in the biotech world , most of our research goes into recessive traits - things we can breed out of a species or into it . What do we know about the Keys family ? The grandfather , Russell , is a bomber pilot . His son is a Vietnam vet and rescue worker . These men are strong , brave , extremely resilient . One other thing - When they 're taken , they fight back . And the Clarkes - Jacob , he could do things . My father was terrified of him . But he was physically weak . In a way , he was no more suited to survive than those mutant brothers in the Alaskan woods . And Lisa ... And Lisa , she doesn 't seem to have inherited her father 's gifts or his physical weakness . She seems to be nothing more than a carrier . - You ever cook with tarragon ? - Hmm ? It 's a very strong spice . One pinch is all you need . Otherwise , it overpowers the dish you 're making . Genetics is a lot like cooking - little pinch of this , little more of that . But what are they cooking ? That , my son and heir , is one hell of a whopper , isn 't it ? Super weapon or saviour , take your pick . ALLlE : Sometimes the best way to move into the unknown is to take familiar steps . small steps . to do ordinary things to deal with something that is in no way ordinary . We 're always going someplace new. all the time . Familiar things just let us pretend that we aren 't moving into unfamiliar territory . You take those small. familiar steps . and you try to be honest . not to live as if nothing had changed . but still to go on with your life . But there are times when what you need is a piece of how things used to be . Aah ! Mum ! Nina ! This guitar player , Tony ... I was auditioning for his band . I don 't think I like this guitar player . I went back to the rehearsal studio the next day to see him . He 'd left for L.A. Prick . No , that 's not what I mean at all . He 'd left for L.A. right from the rehearsal studio that night . A friend of his came by and got him . He hadn 't followed me home at all . Well , you went home with somebody . No , I didn 't . Honey , come home . The people you were hiding from , the same people who were looking for your father , Tom says they know where you are . They 're not gonna bother me . Because beings from another world are looking out for you ? Yes , mum . That 's exactly why . You weren 't here . You didn 't see what happened to me . Mum , I - Mum . This is gonna be all right . I know it . I can feel it . You can , can 't you ? You 're your father 's daughter . You know that . Sooner or later , you two are gonna have to tell me what this is all about . It started when I was eight . I used to have these ... at the time , I thought they were dreams . There was always the same guy ... What 's he saying ? " The craft are leaving . " This man is a farmer in Tierra Del Fuego . He 's reported sightings for the past eight years . We think many of the craft stay out of sight around the Antarctic . One day , two weeks ago , he sees the ships , sky full of them , all above his field , middle of the day . Then that 's it . Hasn 't seen ' em since . Woman from Siberia has a similar story . And Norway , Alaska , Zanzibar , Australia . 144 multi-witness , confirmable reports from all over the world . How long has this been going on ? About six weeks now . One big rush , then zilch . Absolutely no activity . Not one sighting . Nothing . Six weeks , and you never mentioned this to me ? - I 'm mentioning it now . - This is still my project . Abso-friggin ' - lutely . Eric , this is me , Chet . We 've been through the wars , buddy . I was just giving you a little space , letting you come to terms with your divorce and all . How you liking the single life , by the way ? What do you think this means ? It 's the calm . The calm ? Yeah . The one that comes before the storm . Speculation continues in the Pacific Northwest over the many reports of lights in the sky . The government will neither confirm nor deny the rumours ... They 're beautiful . ... of secret aircraft being tested as part of a new Strategic Defence Initiative recently funded by Congress ... It 's gonna be okay . Is it ? Definitely . What if there 's something wrong with the baby ? Honey , really . It 's gonna be great . No , it 's not that . I think my water just broke . You 're gonna be all right . Yeah . Less than a minute apart . Will you call my mum ? Good , here 's the general . Gentlemen . General . We feed directly off the Cheyenne Mountain computer . This grid shows the actions of every known man - made object in space - screws from a 1984 shuttle mission , a screwdriver the Russians dropped off Mir . and thousands - thousands-of satellites . You didn 't bring us up from Washington to see screws . We 've had unidentifieds before , but nothing like this . Look . We eliminate the ones we 've I.D. ' d , and we 're left with these . Earlier tonight , there were hundreds of new objects . We thought the system had gone down . And then the objects ... coalesced . That 's the only way I know how to explain it . There were lots of little ones , and now there 's one very , very big one . You 'd better have a good cover story , General . No one 's gonna believe this is marsh gas . - That 's right , a little more . - There you go . Can you scootch up a little ? What do you have in the way of drugs ? See if the doctor 's available . The mother 's b.p. is high . You 'll feel better in a couple of minutes . She 's nine centimetres . Stop pushing . I can 't . Listen to me , you have to stop . We have to bring your blood pressure down before you can have this baby . Get Dr Catrell . You 'll have to step out . It 's a slight complication . - What 's going on ? - You have to go now ! Sir , it 's coming down . Surface velocity , 388.1 meters per second at 249.4 degrees local . Altitude , - 75.2 meters per second . Deinclination and speed on this thing - they 're impossible . It 's over Seattle and coming down fast . Flash alert to ClNC-NORAD . Move to Defcon 2 . If it 's what I think it is , none of that 'll matter . Her blood pressure 's 200 over 100 . She 's had two seizures . There 's protein in her urine . She 's eclamptic . Let 's stabilize her . Two grams magnesium , five milligrams hydralazine . Altitude , - 37.0 meters per second . 54.4 at 231.2 , alt - 33.6 . 52.8 at 229.0 , alt - 30.1 . What 's happening to you is called eclampsia , but we 've treated your seizures , and we 're bringing down your blood pressure . Why is this happening ? 52.8 at 229.0 , alt - 30.1 . 51.2 at 227.8 , alt - 26.7 . It 's slowing down . It 's levelling out . - She 's stabilizing . - Okay , very nice . - No sign of foetal distress . - Here comes another contraction . If you can work with me , we can bring this baby into the world without a C-section , okay ? - Yeah . - Okay . We 're gonna try some pushing . 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... and push ! Push , push , push , push ! Okay , good girl . Stop . Nice job , Lisa . Vitals ? B.P ' . s down to 120 . She 's stabilizing . Very nice . We 're gonna do it again , Lisa , okay ? 30.6 meters per second at 213.8 degrees local . Altitude , - 9.3 meters per second . Great . Let 's just wait for another contraction . Just a second , and we 'll go again . Ready ? On three . 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... push ! Push , push , push , push . - Stop ! - Vitals still stable . Way to go , Lisa ! Estimated hover point - 47-39-14 north , 122 - 18 - 34 west . You 're almost there . Just a few more pushes , okay ? Oh , my God . My God ! Why is there so much blood ? It 's all right . Doctor , there 's foetal distress . I 'm taking this baby now . Forceps . Prep suction . She 's in D.I.C. She 's bleeding out ! Hurry up ! Hurry up ! We 're losing the baby , too . 25.2 at 211.0 , alt - 4.9 . It-it stopped ! It 's disappeared . What ? It 's gone . It can 't be gone . We have the mother 's heartbeat . Baby is stabilizing . She 's stopped bleeding . I want a teal-amber search , code red , right now . Go . Find the damn thing . Go ! Hey . You 're not supposed to be here , you know . You were bleeding to death . What happened ? The bleeding stopped . Nobody knows why . I told you they 'd look over you . My baby ? She 's beautiful . Seven pounds , three ounces . Perfect little baby girl . Oh ... hi . nina : Do you know what you 're gonna name her ? Allison . Allie . Her name is Allie . Hey there , Allie . ALLlE : My mum says that life is like a roller-coaster ride . There are ups and downs . there are big scares and slow builds and places where it levels out . The only difference with this roller coaster is that every time it stops . you get off in someplace totally different from where you got on . How 's your mother ? She 's fine . She does not send you her love . Thanks for coming . You said it was important . Your grandfather found this in Pine Lodge , New Mexico . He found it at a crash site . So it 's all true . What does it say ? No one 's been able to translate it . Maybe it 's a grocery list . He gave it to you ? Your father ? Left it for me . I found it after he died . And there was a note . My father and I ... We weren 't very close . Well , he left this for you . He must have changed his mind . My brother died . And your father just after that . Before he died , I think my father got a better look at me . What does Uncle Chet say about this ? Dr Wakeman hasn 't seen it . Why are you showing it to me now ? There 's a great deal of power that comes with the kind of knowledge I 'm privy to . I anticipate change . I want you to join me in the program , Mary . This is something that shouldn 't go outside the family . Hello , Thrillseekers . Look at you , little Mary , all grown up and beautiful ! How 's the quest for the Nobel Prize coming ? I got very close on a genomic mismatch scanning technique . " Close " like " should Miss America fail to fulfil her duties " close ? Close as in Patrick Brown got there first . You 're just a grad student . You 'll get there . Lisa had her baby . Little girl . Are we going to try to pick her up ? What would be the point in that ? God ! I 've been wanting to do this since you were 13 . Me , too . Why don 't you pick up the baby ? You don 't waste any time , do you ? She 's clearly important . In fact , I 'd say she 's the point of all this . Definitely . - So pick her up . - Take her . No , they 'd just take her back . They 're way better at that than we are . So what are we gonna do ? We watch and wait . And we figure out a way to take her that will work . Watch and wait . That sounds a lot like my father . I 'm nothing like your father ! I have a theory about who she is . You want to hear it ? Evolution tends to eliminate , or at least , uh ... Subjugate emotion . The limbic brain is still down there . But it 's way ... Down ... under . Why we don 't run through the streets killing people - at least most of us . Imagine their abilities combined with the energy of our strong emotion . They 'd be cherry bombs ... she 'd be a nuclear explosion . Ladies and gentlemen , may I present to you White Shadow . White Shadow comes to us after spending the last three years jumping through a flaming hoop at a sea show in Florida . Hopefully , over time , as we come to know and understand these creatures a little better , we 'll become more caring and compassionate in our behaviour towards them . Here at the aquarium , it is our hope that we can bring you that one step closer to truly knowing another species . Any questions ? Once the dolphin 's been in captivity , is it possible to return the animal to its native environment ? Not in most cases , although it depends on how long the animal has been away and under what conditions it was kept , but in most cases , once an animal has been taken , there 's little hope of an uneventful return . What 's the matter with them ? I remember the first time that I ever saw dolphins . I was three . It was the first time in my life I can remember knowing that something was beautiful ... and it was the first time I had the feeling there was something about me that was different from everybody else . Previously on Taken ... It started when I was eight . They 've been taking me since I was nine . At the time , I thought they were dreams . There was always the same guy . Grandfather was a hero , Charlie , just like your dad . He believed he 'd been taken by aliens . It was the carnies , the guys who ran the rides . He said there was something about them that just gave him the creeps . I think he thought they were coming after you . They have come for me . You think you 've been abducted by aliens . There is no reason at all why you should believe me , so I 'm gonna get proof , and I 'm gonna show you and anyone else who will listen that I 'm not crazy . eric : There 's a great deal of power that comes with the kind of knowledge I 'm privy to . What are you saying , Dad ? I anticipate change . I want you to join me in the program , Mary . I 've looked at other things , but it keeps coming back to the Clarke family . They matter . They 're the key to this . This is about your father . You 're just trying to finish something he started . Charlie and Lisa , both taken on September 8th of this year . The most recent simultaneous abduction . eric : They 're breeding him with a girl who 's - 1 / 4 alien already . The people you were hiding from know where you are . They 're not gonna bother me . Why ? Because beings from other world , they 're looking out for you ? Yes , that 's exactly why . Your father was very important to them . I guess that you are , too . lisa : I think I know why . My water just broke . Forceps . Prep suction . Lisa had her baby . Little girl . Do you know what you 're gonna name her ? Allie . Her name is Allie . We 're going to try to pick her up ? - Are you about ready , Patty ? - Ready . Okay . We were coming back from a fishing trip , and we 're on Highway 89 coming out of Tahoe City . It wasn 't a fishing trip . You always tell it as a fishing trip . We 'd gone to visit the Nortons . No , no , no . We didn 't visit the Nortons . We were fishing Echo Lake . There was no fishing on this trip . One of the most memorable nights of your life , and you don 't remember - - I know I wasn 't fishing . - Can I finish telling the man the story ? I 'm not saying don 't tell him . " Get your facts straight , " is all I 'm saying . You know what ? She always does this to me . Anyway , we 're coming down Highway 89 from Tahoe City - you 're not gonna argue about it being Highway 89 ? Why would I ? God . Anyway , so I look at my watch , and it 's 7.30 , and then , all of a sudden - All of a sudden , there 's this blinding flash . I mean ... you know what it 's like when you stare into the sun when you were a kid ? It was a lot brighter than that . Why would he have stared at the sun ? - Most kids do . - I never did . Well , aren 't we the second coming ? - Can I finish the story ? - Who 's stopping you ? You are , dear . Anyway , this light , it doesn 't even pass over us , but more like through us , and then it 's up in the sky , and then it goes down behind these pine trees , so we stop the car and we get out , we got this glowing behind the trees , and we have no idea what it is - My Mike was so brave . - Well , you were , sweetheart . - I didn 't do anything . You took my hand and told me not to worry . Yeah , well , anybody would 've done that . Oh , no , they wouldn 't have . So , anyway , this light starts coming through the trees , and then the car dies . We 're up on this mountain , and my car goes dead . We got curved roads , we got a steep drop-off , engine won 't start , I 've got no steering , but here 's the funny thing , see - with this light coming at us , I don 't care because I know that we 're gonna be all right . The next thing we know , we 're driving down Walnut Street and pulling up in front of our house . It 's 5.00 in the morning . The sky is just starting to get pink . We 're at the top of that hill at 7.30 at night , we didn 't get to the bottom till 5.00 in the morning , more than nine hours later . And this is all just what happened that night . It wasn 't till about three months later that Mike started having the dreams . You know , you wouldn 't think that dreams could scare you , but mine got so bad , I wouldn 't go to sleep . I was having them , too , but neither of us were talking about it , so neither of us knew what the other was dreaming . We 'd just be sitting there watching TV , trying not to fall asleep , not knowing what was on the other person 's mind . It wasn 't until we got sent to that hypnotherapist Dr Fulton . That 's when we both remembered where we 'd been that night for that nine and a half hours and who we 'd been with . This is a picture Mike drew when Dr Fulton asked him under hypnosis what happened to us on the road that night . And that there ... is a picture that Patty drew when the doc asked her the same question . This is the truth of it , and there can be no doubt - is that my wife Patricia and I were taken by aliens . We 've been interviewed quite a few times . You seem to have more than just a passing interest in this . Do you have your own story ? ALLlE : If a dream is just a dream . something that happens in your mind while you 're asleep . then that 's all right . It 's yours to take with you into the morning . and it fades away there in the light . But when the dreams start to come while you 're awake . and they come with the light . then that is not all right . What we look for then is other people who have dreamed what we 've dreamed . who have seen what we 've seen . When the dreams become real . sometimes the only comfort you can find is in knowing that you 're not alone . lisa singing TO radio : # I caught up with my ex - boyfriend # # You 're the reason I 'm in this mess # # And when they show up # # I 'll give them what you said # # Your address # I just get to this place where I feel like it is so totally out of my control . I just don 't see the point . It all ends , anyway , right ? So why bother ? I get up every day , all I see is the end of the day , and I just-I 'm not into doing anything at all . I-I could use some help with that . When you play a song , when you 're right in the middle , are you thinking about how the song ends ? No way . It 's all I can do to get through a song just staying focused right where I am . Oh ... okay . Okay . Thank you . Dude , this little girl 's profound . Hi , Mum . Hey . Are we here to get enlightenment or play some rock ' n ' roll ? Hey , you sit close to me , all right ? My timing 's always a little better when you 're around . That 's ' cause she 's a drummer 's daughter . # This is the heart of nowhere # # It 's a dark , one-way street # # This is the land ... # As long as I can remember . people have liked to talk to me . You know. kind of how somebody says something to you . Doesn 't have to mean so much . It 's just that it opens a door for you . and you can see into a room you couldn 't see into before . It doesn 't really matter how you got there . The important part is . you 're seeing something new and different . # This is the heart of nowhere # - Morning . - Morning . Rough waters out there . This new footage of Allie just came in from our man in Seattle . eric : She can block a shot on goal , but other than that , she hasn 't demonstrated any of the kind of powers we were expecting . She 's a little kid . Give her time . A lot of genetic traits don 't demonstrate until just before adolescence . Schizophrenia , for example . We still can 't pick her up . They 'll just take her back like they did when we tried for Lisa . - That used to be the case . - " Used to be " ? Wanna see what we can do ? Step this way . Microwave radiation - that part of the light spectrum , in the case of the oven , 12.5 centimetres , to be exact . We block that wavelength , and the hamster 's on easy street . But we let that same wavelength through ... Jeez . In meditation , we learn the oneness of all things , the harmony that flows through nature . This is the same idea , stripped of the comforting notion of divinity , that we find in science , more specifically in mathematics . One , one , two , three , five , eight . The Fibonacci Sequence . One number added to the one before it makes the next number in the sequence , and from this sequence , we get the golden mean . We find these numbers everywhere - shells , nebulae , the spiral of a pine cone , bee hives ... DNA . God 's equation writ large across the heavens . The cow grazing contentedly in the meadow , the grass on which she grazes , the breeze that blows through . All parts of the one , the whole . - Is this going somewhere ? - Their crafts hold five . Add the number of confirmed sightings in New Mexico last year-1,597 . They have three fingers , one thumb . The number of breeding pairs you charted last year when you were figuring out who Allie was-55 . 1 , 3 , 5 , 55 , 1,597 . All Fibonacci numbers . How many lights on the board ? 46,367 . - And with our little friend Allie ? - 46,368 . The 24th Fibonacci . So , how do we take our revelation and turn it into an effective block so that we can grab little 46,368 - our little Allie ? This is Peter Miller . Mr Miller 's been taken 13 times . Oh , don 't worry . I 'm not gonna splatter him all over the room . Janitorial would never forgive me . Mr Miller has an implant . We 're monitoring it . You can see it right here on the map . Topeka , Montpelier , Somerset , Augusta . There we are - Ellsworth , Maine . Right here . The implants broadcast on a spread spectrum . The frequencies are all based around the hydrogen hyperfine transition line , the most fundamental wavelength in the universe . Check this out . We block those frequencies , and in much the same manner as the hamster didn 't splatter , the implant doesn 't register . If we wanna pick someone up , we ought to be able to do it without having them grabbed right back . Will this work on the girl ? Allie has no implant . She doesn 't need one . She 's got the neuron spiral . But the same principle applies . We can block her frequency , too . And they can 't find her . Okay , let 's pick her up before she demonstrates . After that , we may not be able to . We 're sure she hasn 't demonstrated at all yet , right ? Not according to our agent . You know that therapy group her mother 's in ? We have someone in that group . Good . I believe this all has to do with the landing strip at the bottom of Lake Superior . You look at the contrails . As soon as they appeared in the sky above St. Paul , the incidence of severe upper respiratory infection quadrupled in the twin cities . These trails are messages . You 're reaching there . The idea of group is to listen . We 're not judging each other . I think you 're reaching here , Ray . There is a base and a landing strip at the bottom of Lake Superior . That 's why the government has spread this cover story about pollution in the lake , to keep the curious away . And those contrails , they are messages to the denizens of this base . Where do you get your information , Ray ? I was taken there on my third abduction . How come you didn 't drown ? They did something that enabled me to breathe underwater . That makes sense . We 're to believe your story about seeing your dead son on a spaceship , but I can 't go to the bottom of Lake Superior ? - I didn 't say I didn 't believe you . - It was on your face . The doubt . I was thinking about my own experience about my boy . Can you share some of that story with us , Dale ? We lost our son Luke in the Gulf War , Desert Storm . They got names for these things like movies , but this was no damn movie . This wasn 't anything that made any sense . He was driving in a truck , taking supplies somewhere in the desert . The war was already over . There was a mine . No one ever knew if it was theirs or ours . About six months after we got the news about Luke is when they first came for me . I woke up , and there were these five young men standing by my bed . Soldiers , just like my boy . They asked me if I wanted to see Luke , and I don 't remember anything else until I was in this big , bright room . And Luke was there . And we were talking . We ... had had this fight , Luke and I. You know , like boys and fathers do , then he went into the army before we had a chance to make it right . But there we were , talking like there was no tomorrow . They would come for me every night , these same soldiers . At first , I 'd just sit and talk with my son - how are the Mariners doing , and what 's going on down at the plant ? That sort of thing . It was wonderful ... to see my boy again . But then they started taking him away . We 'd be talking , and then , uh , he 'd be gone . It was as if they wanted to see what would happen if they could make me grieve again . Sometimes we 'd start to fight , having that same fight . Your son 's dead . You 're having bad dreams , that 's all . That 's what my wife said . That 's why the two of you separated , isn 't it ? That was just an excuse . Truth of it was , we couldn 't stand to look at each other anymore . All either one of us could see was Luke . You were a jerk to him , and you feel bad about it now that it 's too late , and it 's not something you can fix . Do these look like dreams to you ? Is that what you 'd name them ? That could 've happened any way . You could 've done it to yourself . Please . Please , Dale , sit down . Sit down . Now , you 're here , you 're all here because you believe you 've experienced something . This is hard work , it 's painful work , but we can get through it if we work together , all right ? Good . Why don 't you believe my experience ? You 've been taken . You know how it works . Just offering alternatives . Sorry , everybody . I had to drop off Allie at soccer practice . Lisa , we have a guest today . This is Charlie . Charlie 's been videotaping the session for a documentary he 's doing . He 's been interviewing people all around the country who 've had experiences like all of yours , and now he 's found his way to us . The rest of us have agreed to allow ourselves to be put on tape , but ... if you 're not comfortable with that , then - No , I 'm not . - Turn that off , please . - Sorry . I just try to keep my life private . I 'm sorry . I understand . Do I ... Did Dorothy share today ? She thinks her cats are aliens . Do they live at the bottom of Lake Superior ? That 's the nice thing about being in the group . It makes me feel positively normal . You 're doing a documentary ? Not exactly . I 've ... had experiences myself . How long have they been taking you ? Since I was a kid . I didn 't really know what was going on until I 'd grown up , but ... since I was a kid . Me , too . They don 't take me anymore . They haven 't in nine years . And what I 've been trying to do since then is prove that it really happened , figure out why they stopped . I 'd just stick to the story about being a documentary filmmaker . Did ... did you like your abductions ? charlie : Like them ? Yeah , as in look forward to ' em , enjoy ' em ? For me , it was always that . I used to get this buzz , this energy thing . It felt great . I believe this whole abduction deal is gonna turn out to be a positive event . Right now , people think we 're whack , fringe dwellers , but that 's gonna change . We 've been chosen for something . This thing busts open , we 're gonna be the folks to see . For me , it was never a buzz , anything like that . I didn 't know what was happening to me , and I fought back as hard as I could . Really ? I-I should get going . My daughter 'll be home soon from soccer practice . You have a daughter ? Allie . She 's nine . You have any pictures of yourself as a kid ? - You think it goes back that far ? - Why not ? Yeah , I have one of me and my mum . She 's pretty . Oh , that 's my dad . That 's him as a little kid with my grandfather . You would agree with me this whole thing 's kind of weird , right ? Well , it just got a whole lot weirder . This is the guy . I 've never come across anything like this . It 's extraordinary . This is your father ? He had been taken , too ? - It started with my grandfather . - It seems to run in families . We call these " screen memories . " It 's as if they take a sample of our memories and choose the realities they present us with . This was something , this carnival , that scared my father . And they used it . That 's not an uncommon part of the experience . But this ... to take a sample of your father 's memory and use it as a screen on both of you ? Why , it 's ... truly remarkable . I thought you 'd like it . I 'd like to regress you both , take you back to one of your abductions , see if we can figure out what this is all about , maybe even find out where the two of you met . Lisa , I think it might help Charlie if you and I were to work together first . With this new information , I might take you in a completely different direction . - Anytime . - How about now ? Do you mind if Charlie stays ? We ... do seem to have a lot in common . I guess we should 've gone home and changed first . I don 't care if you don 't . Doesn 't bother me at all . Have you ever been here before ? My dad took me here when I was a kid . Hope I remember which fork to use . With me and my mum , it was mostly pizza . Where 's your mum now ? Detroit . She 's a nurse . That 's how she met my dad . - Was he a doctor ? - He was a patient . How about you ? What does your dad do ? My dad died when I was eight . I 'm sorry . My stepdad , he 's a musician , a guitarist . My mum 's a nutritionist . She could tell you not to eat anything they serve here . My real dad - you use a computer ? Sure . He invented the buzz control scheme and half of the floating point logic . I thought , with our luck , we 'd wind up in a carnival . This is kind of like a carnival . - To us . - Us . - Hi . - Hi . - I 'm Charlie . - Okay . You 're in the third grade , right ? You 're doing State History ? You 're reading Sarah . Plain and Tall ? This is the " big ideas " year in science - electricity , magnetism . I taught third grade the last three years . We read Sarah . Plain and Tall last year . This year , it 's Island of the Blue Dolphins . charlie : It 's a good one . So this is the year I find out how everything works ? - The " big ideas " ? - Mm-hmm . And everybody takes these classes ? charlie : Pretty much . So then what happens , they all forget ? I never thought about it like that - lisa : Sorry , Al . I had to park all the way over by Parson Gardens . You 're cute . Where 's Lisa ? She , uh - Lisa 's getting garlic . Hey , girls . How was soccer practice ? I 'm trying to convince my god-daughter she doesn 't want to play goalie . It 's either boring , boring , boring or , oh , my God , oh , my God . I don 't think it 's so boring . You get to watch the play come to you . And then it gets there , and oh , my God , oh , my God . Not if you 've been watching the play . There 's no getting around you . Who are you ? We 've been trying to figure that out all day . - Oh , another day-tripper ? - It 's ... a long story . For which I don 't have time . I 've got four freshmen who want Celtic bands and a concept artist who designed his own tattoo . He says it goes across his face to cover the lie . I 'm gonna be up all night . I do tattoos . Oh . You should get Lisa to show you her alien . You know , you really are cute . I bet I 'm gonna be seeing you around . Will you take a picture of his face once you 've covered up the lie ? Without question . Good-bye , sweetheart . Bye . I guess Charlie 's staying for dinner . Maybe if you 're real good , he 'll help you set the table . Did I hear you say you 're a schoolteacher ? I was , yeah . What happened ? I got a little too interested in other things . You 've been on the spaceships , too ? At first , I wondered if I should tell her , but it would 've been weirder to try and go to the group without even mentioning it . Yes , I have . Was it scary ? Kind of . Did it make you mean ? I don 't think so . How come ? My mum didn 't get mean , either . But some of the people she knows did . I think people get mean when they 're scared . You 're working late . Just wanna make sure there 's nothing I missed . In this light , you look like my father . You have his singleness of vision , something I never had . I envy you for that . I just wanna see this through . That 's what I mean . She just looks like a little girl , doesn 't she ? She doesn 't look special at all . This is Brad . This is Devon . And this is Rich . He 's the cutest . lisa : She does this just to humiliate me . I 'm nine . I 'm supposed to like this stuff . I like this song . This Alayna one 's really good , too . Oh , my God , man , the both of you ... I drive a lot , I listen to the radio . I like these guys . What am I gonna do , brand my own child with a scarlet " L " ? " L " ? For " lame . " # Every time I press rewind # # Stop when the red light flashes # # Upsy-daisy , my whole world crashes # That 's my journal . I write down things I think of and stuff . Oh , that 's a good idea . I always wished I 'd done that , but every time I start , I kind of get too lazy . Maybe sometime I could read you mine . That 'd be great . You 're up next , you know . Up next ? Your regression with Harriet . You 're next . You 've never done it before , have you ? Sometimes that can be a lot of information , just so you know . # Talk to me and help me understand # # Tell me how my eye got black and blue # ALLlE : I grew up . just my mum and me . I never thought a lot about who my father was or where he 'd gone . I guess I knew there was something missing . but when you 're a kid . your life is just your life . You don 't think about all the other ways it might have been . - Allie ? - Hi , Mr Watson . Is your mum inside ? Guess I 'm a little early . I get cooped up in my apartment . Guess I just need to get out . Your son Luke ... He loved you very much . Why did you say that ? I just thought you should know . Thank you , sweetheart . Thank you very much . I think. when you 're older . what gets hard is that you forget how to take things as they come . And sometimes . the things that do come are more than anyone should have to take . girl : Come on , guys ! nina : Keep your feet moving . Don 't get stuck in one place . All right , let 's get two passes . Good . Good . Nice pass . Nice pass . Good . That boy 's going down . nina : Heads up , Allie ! nina : Okay , we got it back . Good . Good work , girls . Allie and I are very ... close . - How do you wanna tell her ? - I-I don 't know . I don 't know if I wanna tell her . She has to know . No , she doesn 't . We 're doing fine here . Allie and me are fine . I don 't know you . I don 't know if I want you to be her father . Yes ! She 's a beautiful little girl . Does she even wanna know who her dad is ? - I mean , does she ask about that ? - Sometimes . What do you tell her ? That he was a nice guy , that I didn 't know him very well , that sometimes people can mean a lot to each other for a short time . And she doesn 't even ask to see him ? No ... she doesn 't . I-I knew-I mean , I didn 't know you , but I knew she was ... damn it . I go around pretending I 'm cool with all of this , and I have to tell you , I 'm not cool with it at all . What are they doing ? What do they want out of all this ? They wanna make us better to enable us to move to the next rung of the ladder , and in doing that , they 'll better themselves as well . I have another idea . Say it began as a research project , a project on a scale completely beyond our imagination , a detailed accounting of our entire planet . A history of the planet , a catalogue of everything . Now imagine this-while they 're doing this research , this cataloguing , they inadvertently come across an incredible insight , something that utterly transforms the way they see the universe . And that 's what Allie is - the result of this insight . Yeah , but they 're smarter than us . They can do things we can 't even begin to understand . - They 're more highly evolved . - Evolution has a cost . Every choice is the death of all other possibilities . Maybe something was lost along the way . Yeah , probably something very simple . Possibly . And now they 've put it back . Maybe . Maybe it 's become something more than that . From the first time I set foot in that room in Groom Lake , saw that body , all I 've ever wanted was to understand them , to see through their eyes , just ... catch a glimpse . I feel kind of - I 've never said this to anyone - but I feel this sense of being with them . We are so close , Mary . We 'll have the girl . And through her , we 'll be able to talk to them . I 've waited my entire life for this moment . I-I 'm an arrogant bastard . I always knew I 'd get there in the end . I always knew . What I never knew , what I had no idea about , was that I 'd find someone to share the moment with me . Yeah ? Hello . Oh . Well , that is quite a surprise . Thank you very much . Um ... yeah , I look forward to seeing you as well . It is unexpected , but that is one of life 's great joys , isn 't it ? Happy accidents . Okay . There 's a new wrinkle . Allie 's dad just showed up . Well , that 's interesting . We 're gonna have to deal with that . I just can 't stand this feeling - that my life is out of control , that someone else is pulling the strings . Welcome to the world . No one has control . Who could say ? They 're more advanced than us , but that doesn 't make them God . It does from where we 're sitting . What makes me furious , somebody has cut a deal with these guys . That has to be what 's happening . The government knows about this , and they 're covering it up in return for something . For what ? You always come back to that , but I just don 't see it . I think the government is just as confused as we are . Yeah , but you 'll give me this - they know about it . Blah blah blah blah blah . You people . I mean , we 're all such victims . It 's time someone did something . I mean , they come into our homes , they take us up into their ships , they do things to us . And we just sit around here , and we talk about it . Ray , we talk about it because it helps . What else can we do ? With an attitude like that , nothing . It 's pathetic . You talk like we could fight back . I 've been taken so many times , I can 't count ' em . Fighting back is not an option . What about you , Ray ? Have you ever fought back ? Yeah , I-I-I 'd like to think that I have , but that 's not what I 'm talking about . There 's us here in this room , okay , fine . But those people out in the world , they treat us like we 're crazy . Like we 're making this up . If we 're all alone , then there 's no fighting back . But if we were believed ... if there was proof ... That was your idea , too , wasn 't it , Charlie ? - To get proof ? - It was , yeah . Not anymore ? Well , some things have come up that kind of rearrange my priorities . All right , come on , girls . Come on downfield . Stick to the fundamentals . Watch your dribbling . Throw the ball . All right . Shoot ! Shoot ! Come on ! nina : Good . Good . Remember the fundamentals . nina : Good . Good . Make eye contact with the other players . If you 're making a checklist of superpowers ... that was a big one . She can manipulate time . Let 's get back to the cars . Have you told Allie ? We ... we 've talked about it , but we don 't know how to do it yet . We want to understand it first before we try to help her to understand it . If I know Allie , she probably could explain the whole thing to you . This is so romantic , really . Soul mates destined to find each other in the stars . You seem threatened by Lisa 's story , Ray . She always comes here with these warm and fuzzy little tales . It 's like aliens are bunny rabbits , like they 're nice or something . Why don 't you back off and let Lisa tell her story ? Hey , Charlie , I don 't need your help . I 've been doing fine without you for nine years . You wanna go with that , Lisa ? I think it would be fair to say you have a certain a normal resentment about being a single mother , even under these truly abnormal circumstances . I just don 't need anyone weighing in at the 11th hour thinking I need taking care of . Hey , don 't get all over me . I didn 't know I was a father until yesterday afternoon . I 'm not all over you . I 'm just saying I don 't need any help . Just because you haven 't had any doesn 't mean you don 't need it . Meaning ? Meaning you 're living in a small apartment , supporting yourself and Allie by playing drums in a band . You could use a little help . What the hell do you know about how I 'm living ? I know what I see . You have nothing to say about it , not about me and not about my daughter . Hey , Lisa , I got a question . Which story do you think Allie 's gonna like better - Mummy got nailed by some loser musician , or Mummy and Daddy never met , but did the nasty on a flying saucer ? Why do you come ? Why do you come if all you 're gonna do Is heap abuse on everybody ? Why ? So I can spend more time with you . Go to hell , Ray . Oh , I 've been , on more than one occasion . Why don 't you lighten up , buddy ? Why don 't I lighten up ? Because I am sick and tired of your cosmic girlfriend 's incessant whining . " My father was half alien . " Yeah . All that crap . Oh , you didn 't know about that , did you ? Yeah , one of these guys shows up in Grandma 's barn , knocks the old lady up . Nine months later , you got yourself a walking , talking hybrid . It 's a wonder your back 's not broken , the size of that chip you 're carrying around . You gonna be the one to knock it off ? Gentlemen , please . Harriet , I think we need to ask him to leave the group . He does nothing but cause trouble . We are all here to help each other . He 's not helping anybody . He 's just making things worse . I agree . You know , Ray , all you ever do is shoot down everyone 's stories , spreading trash , but we 've never heard too much about your close encounter . She 's got a point , Ray . Yeah , you said you fought back . Tell us about that . - Come on . - Tell us your story . What are you looking at ? Maybe you should answer their questions . Yeah , come on , Ray . Tell us your story . You wanna hear my story ? Ray , sit down . Here 's my story . What are you doing ? ! Put your gun away , Ray . You don 't wanna do this . - Put the gun away ! - No , I don 't think so . I got a better idea . All right , everybody , get over in that corner . You stay away from the windows . Sit down on the floor where I can see you . Come on ! I 'll shoot the new boy first , then I 'll start in on the rest of you . Sit ! Ray , nobody 's getting shot here . That doesn 't have to happen . Oh , my God , he 's gonna shoot us . He 's not gonna shoot anybody . He 's just showing off . Is that what you think ? Is that what you truly believe ? Shoot me . See if I care . What are we doing here , Ray ? Hey ! I asked you to sit down . Get that thing out of my face . I 've been abducted by aliens . You think I care about your little toy trumpet ? You sit down , hero , or I will shoot your bride - to-be . Ray , I 'm sure if we talk about this , we can work it out . Ray , listen to Dr Penzler . It 's gonna be all right . Give me the gun . Give me the gun . Please , give it to her , Ray . Can 't think with the phone ringing . Dorothy , get over to the window and shut the blinds . The rest of you stay put . Don 't do anything stupid . Come on , Dorothy ! All right , back with the others . What 's that ? Whose is that ? Is that you ? Yeah . - Answer it . - You sure ? Just don 't say anything stupid , huh ? Okay . Hello ? Ni-Ni-Nina , it 's really not a good time . Allie doesn 't run off , Nina . That 's not something she does . I-I can 't . It 's really hard to explain . - Hang up . - My daughter 's missing . - Hang up the phone . - You can just wait . Is she okay ? - Yeah , she 's all right . - How do you know ? I know . She 's scared , but she 's all right . Listen , Nina - End the damn call , Lisa . Hang up now . Oh , my God . Help me sit him up . It 's all right . Come on . - There you go . - Oh , my God . charlie : Cellophane . - What ? - Cellophane . Cellophane . Somebody find some cellophane somewhere . All right , he 's got it . Get it off . I 've got a scarf ! I 've got a scarf ! Where are you going ? I 'm getting my scarf because you shot him , Ray ! Ray , Charlie is really hurt . We 've gotta get him to a hospital . I guess I wasn 't that much help to you after all , was I ? This doesn 't have to get any worse , Ray . Everything gets worse , Dr Penzler . Every stinking thing in this world . What are you gonna do ? Let me think ! I gotta think . Who else has a cell phone ? Um ... turn ' em off and slide ' em over to me . - Ray , it 's in my coat . - Go ahead . - What happens now , Ray ? - I 'm thinking . There 's no time , Ray . Charlie doesn 't have that kind of time . Okay ... I want you to call the fbi . You know which one of these is yours ? The little flip phone . This one ? What should I tell them ? The fbi , Ray . What should I tell them ? Um ... tell ' em I 'm armed , and I 'm gonna have to start shooting people if my demands aren 't met . Oh , God . We 're gonna die . We 're gonna die . Just shut up ! I 'm only gonna shoot you if they don 't do what I 'm asking them . - Ray ? - What ? What demands ? What are you asking them to do ? Tell ' em I wanna talk to the person in charge of their , um ... you know , whatever they call it , their-their extraterrestrial project . You want Will Smith or Tommy Lee Jones ? Cynthia , you 're not helping . I 'm not sure who I should be asking for . Dr Penzler , just make the call . All right , all right . fbi , please . What are you gonna do once you get to somebody in charge ? I 'm gonna make my demands . You 're gonna call the federal government and say , " Let me speak to the man in charge of your super-secret operation because , if I don 't , I 'll shoot a few people " ? That 's pathetic is what that is . Well , no one ever said that Ray wasn 't pathetic . cynthia : I knew I never should 've joined this damn group . This is like White people land . Do you know how many Asian people have been abducted since 1947 ? Will you please shut up ? Maybe seven , and you 're looking at one of them . So I decide to be open and honest about it , and this is what I get - I 'm abducted by Homer Simpson . White people land . Hello . Hello . Is this the-the fbi ? - You got ' em on the phone ? - Um , yes . Uh-huh . See ? This is , um , Dr Harriet Penzler . I 'm hoping you can help me . I have a bit of a problem here . Yes . Um , I have a group of people here , and one of them 's been shot . The-the man who shot him ... Lisa , what are you doing ? And , um ... hold on a minute . Lisa ? Sit down . Where do you think you 're going ? Isn 't this sweet ? Now we got the whole happy family . Allie ... it 's okay . Come here . Come here . It 's okay . Ten adults and one child . That 's right , exactly . Sit down . Okay , here 's the thing . I don 't want any cops . I don 't want any hostage negotiator or any of that Dog Day Afternoon crap ... Everything 's gonna be okay . I 'm not gonna let anyone hurt you . One SWAT team or anything , I start shooting these people . Good . I want someone here in 15 minutes . There is a problem here right now , Allie , but it 's gonna be all right . Ray is just a little angry . " Ray is just a little angry " ? No , Ray is majorly pissed off . I mean , you should be angry , too . Look what they did to you and what 's - his-name - Charlie . Look at that ! I mean , how can you sit here and let that kind of thing go unanswered ? Come on , we don 't need to talk about that . What , we 're not supposed to tell Allie she 's a test-tube baby ? You sorry bastard . Hey ... Charlie 's hurt . Yeah . Is he going to be all right ? I don 't know , honey . If Ray will let us get him to the hospital ... No one 's going anywhere until I get what I want . Campus security . Dr Penzler ? We had a report of a gunshot . Hands up . Get your hands up . Yeah , you keep ' em up there . Okay . Here 's the situation . I 'm holding these people hostage , all right ? I 've already shot one of them . I 'm angry and unpredictable . Look at me ! What we 're doing here , we 're waiting for the fbi . There 's two more security officers coming from other parts of the campus . Yeah , so ? What do you want me to do about them ? I want you to go out there and talk to them . I want you all to come up with something to clear this place out , okay ? Say something exploded , say anything you want . Just keep the world away from me till the fbi gets here , okay ? Hey , don 't be stupid . A lot of people are gonna get killed . You can go now . What are you doing , Ray ? What do you think you 're gonna get done ? We live in a world that 's out of our control . You should know that better than anyone . I mean , things happen , right ? What is that , God 's will ? The hell with that . We all feel that way sometimes - Spare me the couch , Dr Penzler . I 'm not a crazy person . I mean , things really happen to me , and I 'm sick and tired of nobody believing me but you fruit loops . What am I gonna do ? Okay , so it 's very simple . The government is gonna come clean on national TV . They 're gonna tell the world this is all real , and then no one ... no one will ever think I 'm crazy again . Answer your question ? We do exactly what he wants . We clear the area , evacuate the building , keep the students and faculty safe . By then , the fbi will be here , and then it will all be their problem . - Start setting up the barricades . - Right away . Something frightened you . That 's why you came here ? I don 't really know what happened . There were some people . And you felt as if they were coming after you ? - And I started to run ... - But ? And then ... I don 't know what happened . You did something . I think so . This way , folks . Come down this way as quickly as you can . All right , folks , calmly . This way . Quickly as you can , please move down . Just follow them . Thank you . Right through the barricades there . That 's right . Do you wanna know what I 'm worried about ? I wanna know who 's gonna feed my cats . We 'll all be out of here soon . You 'll be home to feed them yourself . And what if that doesn 't happen ? Relax , Dorothy . The aliens 'll feed ' em . Yeah , they 're old friends of your cats , right ? What ? What are you looking at ? You really think if you 're cruel enough to other people , all your own misery will go away ? No . Just keeps my mind off it for a while . Gas trucks . Nice touch . Answer it . Yes ? It 's for you . Sit down . Yeah ? Okay . I see you . What do I want ? How about a world cruise and a winning lottery ticket ? Why don 't you come up here ? We can talk about it . Just you . Your little friends can wait down there . Hey , sit down . What do you think you 're doing ? I 'm gonna get some ice for my neck because you hurt me . And tomorrow morning , after the fbi either lock you up or shoot you dead , I 'm gonna have to get up and go to work like any other day , and I 'd just as soon do that looking as fresh and pretty as possible . Get some water for Charlie , will you please , Cynthia ? cynthia : Yeah . Anybody else ? - Is that okay ? - Yeah . Thanks . We got to get him out of here , Ray . Yeah ? Let 's just hope this lady coming up the stairs now feels the same way about that as you do . I felt good about this guy as soon as I saw him . lisa : Me , too . Answer it . Come on . Out of the way , Dr Penzler . Let me see her . Are you the one who asked for the fbi ? Yeah . I 'm here . You can talk to me . Did anyone tell you what this was all about ? Man in therapist 's office holding ten hostages demands fbi agent . I asked for someone from the fbi extraterrestrial project . Someone who knows about aliens . You mean , like on X-Files ? I 'm the one you want . Okay . Let me bring you up to speed on our situation here . I shot him . And he 's gonna die if he doesn 't get medical attention . That 's one . After that , if I don 't get what I ask for , these people , they 're just fish in a barrel to me , you understand that ? That was the lady in the park , the one who tried to grab me . You understand ? This is what I want you to do . I want you to go public . Go public ? Call the New York Times . call CNN . Tell ' em everything you know , tell ' em this is all real . You just signed our death warrant . - You think she cares about killing 11 - - Shut up ! She 's not gonna call CNN , Ray . She 's gonna have us all killed . I can 't tell you how many times I 've wanted to make that call . My people have a very old-fashioned , Cold-War slant on things . It 's not right ... keeping something like this secret as I 'm sure everyone here would agree . This is news that belongs to the world . How do you know she 's from the government , Ray ? How do you know she 's not one of them ? Sit down . Why don 't you let the little girl come with me ? It 's the kind of gesture that would go a long way . Give me the girl , and I promise , I 'll do everything I can for you . wilson : Look at the eyes , Ray . You see ? Those are alien eyes . Wilson , shut up . Let me have the girl . Let Allie go , Ray . She doesn 't have to get hurt . Allie , stand up . Stand up . You 've got something I want , now I 've got something you want . Get out . Get out ! Clear it off the south perimeter ! Here comes your dad . The rooms here also - What 's the situation ? He 's gonna kill the girl unless we call CNN and tell the world we 're not alone . You two were going to pick her up . This was supposed to be easy . It got a little complicated . I 'm handling it . How ? I say what I have to , promise him anything he wants . Just make sure the girl doesn 't get hurt . No one 's going to get killed here today . - Hey . - Hey . You got a nice move to the post . That kid yesterday thought he could get one past you , but you were right there . What I do is I fool myself . I make myself believe I 'm really going to cover . Because I believe it , he believes it . How do you get yourself over to the post ? I don 't know . I 'm afraid if I ever stop to think about it , it won 't work anymore . Do you know why you 're here ? Do you know what this is about ? I 'm not sure yet , but I think we 're gonna find out soon . This is the year for the " big ideas , " right ? Hey ... hey . - I may pass out here . - No , you won 't . - Do you know CPR ? - Uh , n-no . You 're gonna need to take my right arm and put it across my chest . Okay . Make sure I don 't roll over . Then what do I do ? You 're gonna have to give me mouth-to - mouth . I 'm sorry I said those things about the way you live . I was scared . It 's like Allie said-people get mean when they get scared . All right . She 's a wonderful girl , Lisa . You did great . You want CNN here so badly , why don 't you call ' em yourself ? Because they 'd just think he was crazy , and he wants everyone to know that he isn 't crazy at all . Yeah ? Okay . The media 'll be here in 15 minutes . We 're almost home , fruit loops . Get down . Who took that shot ? What the hell do you think you 're doing ? ! What 'd you think would happen if you tried something like that ? It was a miscommunication . I 'm sorry . It won 't happen again . You 're damn right it won 't ! Next time something like that happens the little girl is coming out of the window with a bullet in her head . eric : Mary . Oh , what the hell , Ray ? Leave the little girl alone . You stay right there . You sad little man . Who do you think you are ? God ? You shut up . He 's not God , Dorothy . He 's just a poor excuse for a man . A man without any faith . Faith ? You 're gonna talk to me about faith ? God comes down and , pluck , there goes your son , no more Luke . Bye-bye . Why ? Dale , why ? Because He 's up in His Heaven and all 's right with the world ? Or because we live in a stinking sewer where nothing makes one bit of sense ? But you have faith . Your son dies for no reason , but you have faith . You get taken and tortured , but you have faith . If I didn 't , then I wouldn 't have any reason to go on living . Then you crawl away and you die , because this right here - this is as much sense as the world will ever make . What are you doing ? I told you I didn 't want anyone killed . What am I doing ? I 'm trying to keep the little girl alive . I put a man up there , I told him if he had a clean shot , he should take it . And he missed , and we 'll be lucky to get her out alive . Pull everybody back . And do what ? What do you suggest ? We should call CNN for him ? This little girl is everything . She 's what it 's all about . We can 't afford to lose her . Yes . Ray . I am so sorry about what happened by the window . There are some people out here who 've seen too many Lethal Weapon movies . Look up at the window . You get me what I want . Do it now . Go sit down with your mum and dad . You don 't have to be scared , Mum . This is all going to be all right . A lot of things are going to happen because of this . That 's all . But it 's going to be all right . You better hope you 're right , or you 're gonna have to start praying for a little intervention from your grandfather 's side of the family . You 're not gonna get it any cleaner . He 's gonna kill her . We 've gotta take him out . I 'm not gonna be a party to any more killing , Mary . I 'm done with that . I don 't think you are , Dad . You know who 's in there , right , besides the little girl ? Her mother and her father-Charlie . That means he knows . And that 's two people with a lot of information that have had some pretty bad experiences with us over the years . They have to go . Dr Penzler , too . I can 't risk a leak . It 's too important . They don 't matter anymore . It 's all about Allie . You 're not in charge here , Mary . I am . Take a step back . Calm down . I 'm sorry . You 're right . Just , the two of them having gotten together has made me a little nervous . - They could really gum us up . - No one 's getting killed here , Mary . Of course not . cynthia : I got to go to the bathroom . Grab a cup . Knock yourself out . Lisa , how 's he doing ? He 's still breathing . Are you all right ? I just don 't want any more bad news . Mr Watson ? Luke , when he died , he wasn 't mad at you anymore . He wasn 't ? He knew . It was just one of those things that happens . He was growing up , and that was hard for you both . He loved you very , very much , Mr Watson . And that 's what he was thinking when he died . I just wish I could see him one more time . I wish I could tell him that I was sorry . He knows , Mr Watson . He knows . It 's okay , Dad . You can let go . Now I can see why those people want you so badly . When it gets dark , we shoot for the windows again . At the same time , we bring two men through the hallway . He 'll be down on the floor , won 't be looking to the door . We 've got a man up in the heating ducts . He 'll coordinate by earphone , drop down through at the same time the two men from the hall enter . And then he turns and shoots the girl . That room is covered by snipers . These men know what they 're doing . It all goes by the numbers , we take him out . - And the others ? - Not a problem . I don 't want my father to see you do it . You look like a college kid doing his homework . - What are you working on ? - Oh , just a little theory . Their craft was , I like to call it , thought-powered . Allie may be a stronger manifestation of that power , that energy . How long have you been sleeping with my daughter ? About six years . You get some kind of sick pleasure from that , the boss ' daughter ? " Boss " ? I thought we were friends . I love Mary . And I think she loves me . I want your desk cleaned out by tomorrow . After this is over , I 'll be going back to Maine . I don 't wanna see you there when I go into the office . How you feeling ? What 's happening to me ? - It 's in her DNA , isn 't it ? - That 's what makes her special . Mum ... I never believed that part of your story - " My grandfather was an alien . " - Allie ... - Your dad - could he do things ? I never saw it , but , yes , he could . - But you never could . - I can play drums and sing harmony . A lot of people would tell you that 's amazing . There 's you and me . The way I know where you are , how you 're feeling , if you 're safe . I always figured that was just because I 'm your only daughter and you love me so much . Yeah , I suppose it could be that . It 's what made your dad sick , isn 't it , doing these things ? You 're not my dad , honey . You 've got a lot of other things in you . You 've got Charlie 's family , too . Everybody in position ? He 's not gonna last much longer . You got a lot of hell on your plate . What are we doing here , Ray ? This man needs help . Are you just gonna sit there while he bleeds to death ? Nothing you do is going to change anything about what happened to you , Mr Morrison . What are you talking about ? That man in the woods when you were eight . The one that took you in that shed . He wasn 't from another planet . He was just mean and crazy . You shut up about that . You 're just going to hurt more people , that 's all . It 's not going to make what happened to you go away . Shut up ! - lisa : Allie ... - It would be easier , wouldn 't it ? Blame it on them . They came down and took you . You stop it . It 's a lot scarier to think that the monsters might be us . Shut up ! - Ray ! - You shut up right now ! Ray ! She doesn 't mean it ! She 's a little kid . She doesn 't know what she 's saying . One day , you 're gonna stand in front of the Lord , and you 're gonna have to explain what happened here today . You are gonna have to explain . I 'm not the one who has the explaining to do . Dale 's son-explain that . Explain cancer . Explain war . Explain the whole damn thing to me just one time ... so I can understand why everything has to be so hard . Oh , God . I 'm sorry I hurt him . Oh , God , I 'm so sorry . Allie ... lisa : Allie ... What are you doing , Allie ? Charlie ... Look at me . Look at me . Look at me , Dad . He 's all right ? What do you think we ought to do now ? Yes , Ray ? Hello . Ray ? No . This is Allie . We 're all going to come out of the building now . Please tell everybody not to shoot . I 'll go with you . All right . They 're coming down . She says she 'll come with us if we let the others go . Everybody set ? - Mary ... you can 't do this . - Do what ? You can 't kill anyone . What makes you think they 'll let you ? They don 't care about Lisa and Charlie now any more than we do . It 's all about Allie . Then where are they ? We tried to pick up Lisa . Lisa was helpless . Allie can take care of herself . Then what makes you think any of this will work ? I don 't know if it 's gonna work . At least I 'm not afraid to try . Mary , don 't do this . Listen to me . I-I know this . Walk away . Even if you lose the project , walk away ... before you do something you can 't walk away from . Here they come . Why don 't you just fade away ? You 're a burden to the project . You don 't have the stomach for it , and you don 't have the brains . You have no idea what I 'm capable of ? What I 've done ? I won 't have any more blood on my hands . Everybody set ? Get a tight lead on that subject . Run away ! Take the little girl ! It 's a trick ! Run ! It 's a trick ! Oh , my God . It 's okay . Come on ! I 'll take care of you . Come on . It 's okay . Keep coming . I 'll take care of you all . Come on . It 's okay . It 's all right . Keep coming . I 'll take care of you . Come on . ALLlE : Miss Crawford . I 'm ready to go with you now . Little girl ... I love the way your mind works . Previously on Taken ... Do I ? To us . Us . Do you know what you 're gonna name her ? Allie . Her name is Allie . eric : I want you to join me in the program , Mary . You 're grandfather found this in Pine Lodge , New Mexico . Found it at a crash site . So it 's all true . This is something that shouldn 't go outside the family . What 's this , Allie ? That 's my journal . I write down things I think of and stuff . We need your help , gentlemen . You 'll stop playing games and tell us everything you know about whoever it is who 's out there and what the hell they want . Mr Miller has an implant . We 're monitoring it . The implants broadcast on a spread spectrum . We block those frequencies , the implant doesn 't register . eric : Will this work on Allie ? We can block her frequency , too . And they can 't find her . eric : Let 's pick her up . She can manipulate time . That therapy group her mother 's in ? We have someone in that group . Put your gun away , Ray ! You don 't want to do this . Put the gun away ! You know who 's in there , right , besides the little girl ? Her mother and her father-Charlie . That means he knows , and that 's two people with a lot of information that have had some pretty bad experiences with us over the years . They have to go . Dr Penzler , too . What are you doing , Allie ? Look at me , Dad . Get away ! Take the little girl and-it 's a trick ! Run ! Come on ! I 'll take care of you . Come on . Where did they go ? ALLlE : Miss Crawford ... I 'm ready to go with you now . ALLlE : I guess I always knew that there was something different about me . But when all of this began to happen . when I started to be able to do things . it was kind of scary - like in a dream where you start falling and it feels kind of good . until you begin to wonder if you 'll ever be able to stop . That was a good trick . You 're a very complicated little girl . What do you mean ? I mean , with what you can do , you could have walked out of that building . Why did you let us take you ? I wanted you to leave my mum and all the other people alone . I was afraid you might hurt someone . I thought if I went with you , they 'd be all right . Allie ? It 's 12.17 . We 've lost two hours . What ? We 've lost two hours . Are you all right ? Look , what I did-I 'm sorry . It 's okay . I 'm alive . We 're all alive . Everyone get out of here . Don 't go home . Find places where you 're gonna be safe . - Allie ? - Just get out of here ! Go ! lisa : Allie ! charlie : Go ! lisa : Allie ? Allie ! Lisa , she 's gone . She 's not here . Where did she go ? Where did they take her ? Allie ! I 've got to find my daughter , please ! I know . Allie did this ... the time ... all of it . Allie gave us missing time ? Y-Y-Yes . She ... she stopped time . She stopped us , she stopped us and let time keep moving . She wanted to keep us safe , and she did that . She needed the missing time so that she could go with them without us trying to stop her . She was trying to keep us safe . I 'm coming ! Oh , thank God . I 've been worried sick ! I went by your apartment four times . I kept calling . What happened ? Are you all right ? Allie 's gone . Do you know who I am ? Not exactly . Well ... um ... our families go way back - mine and your mum 's and your dad 's . I kind of think that you and I might be the end of all this . We might just be the beginning . Your grandfather wasn 't a very happy man . Why are you trying so hard to be like him ? We 're almost to the airstrip . We better get this thing in place . Lisa . Lisa , it 's all right . Lisa . Baby . Lisa ! Lisa ! Lisa ! N-N-N-Nina ? I 'm right here . I 'm right in front of you . I can 't see anything ! I can 't see anything at all ! nina : Lisa . Lisa ! All right ? Can you see me now ? What happened to you ? I don 't know . I was ... somewhere else . I was somewhere else , and ... wherever it was , I couldn 't see a thing . She 's always been a - she was a real good-looking baby right from the start . And really smart . At seven months ' old , she was already playing peek-a - boo . I 've got a video at home of her taking her first steps . You should see that . I 'd like to . We 've always had this link , you know , a connection . I 've always known exactly where she was , what she was thinking , how she was feeling . I 'd go to pick her up at school , I 'd stop off to get Tylenol ... she 'd walk out the building with a runny nose and a headache . Sounds silly , doesn 't it ? I mean , every mother has that . No , they don 't . Man , I 'm really , truly sorry . This is because Allie 's blessed , right ? These people that took her want to know what she 's all about . Yeah , pretty much . We 'll do whatever we can to help you get her back . I 've got a couple of shirts around that 'll fit you . Over the years , a girl winds up with a souvenir or two . Allie left this in the park when she ran away at soccer practice . 12 hours ago , there was a bullet in my lung . I should be dead . Why doesn 't it surprise me that you 're not ? She 's just a kid . She didn 't ask for any of this . She shouldn 't have to do any of this . It 's not fair ! It 's not fair at all ! We 'll get her back . How ? ALLlE : When you 've done something that you can 't take back . something that you don 't understand . you start to hold tightly to the things you do understand . and you try to make sense out of everything you can . Because if you believed that all you had to do to make things right was to find a reason . but what happens when you find the reasons and they are not your own ? How do you find any comfort or any sense in that ? They 're on their way . We haven 't had a chance to talk . What do you mean ? About your father . There 's nothing to say . You did what you had to do for the project . Ha Ha . " For the project . " When I was a kid , every time he went out of town , I used to imagine a car wreck , something like that , just how much better our lives would have been if he were gone . You 've been inside a craft . Many times , yeah - that one at Groom Lake . That was beautiful ... wasn 't it ? Yeah . That was my family legacy . The craft , the bodies . My grandfather 's legacy . My father squandered all that . He had it right there in his hand , and he let it all slip away . He couldn 't stop them . He could have tried . You don 't feel any remorse , do you ? Do you think that makes me a bad person ? You did what you had to do . I heard about your father . I 'm sorry for your loss . It was a terribly unfortunate mistake . Mistake ? You 've got the girl ? She 's inside . So you really believe that thing you put on her head is blocking her signal ? Right now , they 're in their ship , scratching their little grey heads , going , " Where 's our girl ? " Then , when we take that shield off , here they come . You 're confident we can take them down ? Wherever they come from - the most distant star , the furthest reaches of time - the moment they enter our time and space , our reality , they 're confronted by the laws of our physics . You 're sure of that ? In 1947 , in Roswell , New Mexico , a ship came down when it collided with a Mogul spy balloon-a balloon . Yeah , I 'm pretty damn sure . You done a fine job . We 're indebted to you . What is this ? soldier : Charlie company , move out ! I 'd like to thank you on behalf of your country for your contribution to this effort . You 've done your part , Miss Crawford . The little girl 's a part of a military operation now . We 'll take it from here . For three generations , my family 's been preparing for this . I 've dedicated my career - my life-to this . And don 't think we don 't appreciate it . In a matter of days , we may be able to set foot inside one of their craft , to meet these beings , to find out what this has all been about . If you think I 'm gonna stand by while you take that opportunity away from me , you 're out of your mind . You don 't really have a choice . You 've been benched . Go sit down . Grab some pine . What I 'd like you to do now ... I 'd like you to clean up the mess you made in Seattle . The doctor-she 's a liability . Marginalize her . And the girl 's parents-put them somewhere until this is over . Don 't want them stirring the pot . We have people for that . You mentioned your father 's death was a mistake . People spend the rest of their lives in prison for mistakes like that . Stay out of my way . You can ride with me , doctor . Brief me on the way . E-E-Excuse me ? We need your expertise . I 'm not giving you a choice here , doctor . Come on , let 's go . Now . Uh - Milo and I , we drove everywhere . We 'd ask people in diners and in gas stations , and we got guys from every band we know doing the same thing . Nothing . What about taking this public ? They 're not gonna come after you with the whole world watching . I called Channel 4 news . I said my daughter was kidnapped by a super - secret government agency . They-they said I should call the police . I told them I didn 't think it would do any good , and they gave me another number - for Highline West Psychiatric Hospital . We put an ad in the New York Times . That 's how Lisa gets in touch with her uncle . Tom will be calling us soon . I 'm cold . Shouldn 't be much longer . Thank you . Lisa . I 'm scared , Charlie . I 'm very , very scared . Just how powerful is this little girl , doctor ? She 's demonstrated powers beyond anything we imagined . She can manipulate time , she has amazing abilities to screen , to project images from our minds . Just how powerful is she ? The question you should be asking is , why is she letting us take her anywhere at all ? You 've reached the voice mail for Dr Chet Wakeman . Dr Wakeman is out of range of this cellular device . Please leave a message . General Beers ' office . This is Mary Crawford . Can you reach the general for me ? I 'm sorry , Miss Crawford . He 's not available . Tell him I have new information he 'll want to hear about . ALLlE : We had come to the time I had always known was coming . I had always had this feeling that. one day . I would have to do something very hard . I just hoped that I could find a way to do it without anyone getting hurt . Sorry , sir . There 's been a toxic spill . You need to turn your vehicle around . No one 's allowed to go through . Let 's get the gate . How you doin ' in there ? I 'm all right . Can I ask you something ? I heard that you let them take you , that you came right up to them and said you 'd go with them . Uh-huh . I also heard that you can do things , kind of like magic or something . Is that true ? Yes . So you 've got all of that power , why didn 't you just stop them ? I was afraid they 'd hurt other people . You 're one brave little girl . I don 't feel very brave right now . Hey ... maybe later , I could come back with a book or something . Did you ever read Huckleberry Finn ? No , I never have . Well , I 've got my copy in my duffle . I always carry it with me . It was my mum 's favourite book . She 'd bake us Toll House cookies , and we 'd share the whole plate of them while she read . If it wouldn 't make you too sad to remember her ... I 'd like to hear the story . No , it wouldn 't make me sad at all . It would be nice to remember her . We 're calling the operation " Dropping the Dishes . " The three Humvees equipped with the missiles will be here , here , and here , camo nets above ' em . The target , gentlemen , will be in the air . It will be big . Observation posts here on the mountains for early warning . Two men to each O.P. We 're gonna try to take this thing down intact , sir ? That 's the plan . Once we get it down , sir , how do we find these guys ? Y 'all have seen the S-2 briefing video . You know as much as I do . All right , they can do some pretty incredible things . They 've taken people through walls . They can make you see things that are not there . But no problem , right ? We 're the best . Y 'all are about to fight an enemy the likes of which no soldier has ever seen . I can 't tell you how it will go , but I can tell you this - you 're about to earn a place in history . She 's completely normal . No fluctuation in brain-wave pattern , nothing in her blood chemistry . Her biology is human . Of course it is . We won 't find anything . The part of her that isn 't human is capable of perfect mimicry . Then what are we looking for ? I don 't know . soldier : Any questions ? Is there anything we can do to maximize our cone of fire , sir ? I 'd aim for the centre of the damn thing and pray . Any other questions ? Uh , General ? General . I need to talk to you about the little girl-Allie . Something wrong ? Her powers are just beginning to manifest . We need to protect her for further study . So you 're uncomfortable with the notion of using her for bait . Let 's not think of this , then , in terms of fishing . In fishing , you put a worm on a hook , fish bites the worm , takes the hook , the worm 's toast . But this is hunting country , so think of her more as a ... a salt lick . A buck comes up to the salt , boom , you shoot the buck . No harm at all to the salt lick . General , I , uh ... I think there 's been a miscommunication here . A miscommunication . Really ? Yeah . See , um , my understanding of the plan - and I did design the plan - an explosion is to be detonated above the craft . The effect is to bring the ship down intact . We 're not trying to , uh , bag a buck , as you so elegantly put it . We 're trying to collect specimens for the zoo . My orders are to take down their craft and to replace the craft and the bodies you people lost and , if possible , to take the occupants of the craft alive , and if not , well , we 'll have more bodies to study . This is an opportunity to communicate with beings from another world . We 're on the brink of the single most important moment in human history . As far as I 'm concerned , we 're at war . These beings have taken our citizens against their will , they 've invaded our air space , our lives , even our gene pool . These are unparalleled acts of aggression . We 're at war here , fighting an enemy we don 't understand at all , so I 'll do whatever I have to do . You guys think these things will do the job ? You men are outclassed , outequipped , and probably outnumbered . Plan A , then , would be for the missiles to do their job and take these things out of the sky . Plan B would be for you to stick your head between your legs and kiss your asses good-bye . There is no plan C , gentlemen . You know about all the things they do ? The probes and stuff , man ? I hear they show you stuff that 'll rip your brain apart . I heard one of these came down in Nebraska two years ago ... took a squad and wiped them off the face of the earth . I think this is some sort of training exercise in psychological warfare , to see how we do with an impossible situation . - You saying there aren 't any aliens ? - That 's what I 'm saying . You 've all seen the S-2 briefing videos . I saw the alien autopsy video , too . Dude , that was awesome . That looked more real than any of our stuff . I met this guy once , special ops , had to debrief these two marines that were taken right through their barracks walls . Showed up a couple hours later with scars all over their bodies . They were never right again . See , it 's drug tests . Chemical warfare , something like that . We 're not fighting any aliens . We 're like lab rats being tested . You don 't think we 're gonna storm a flying saucer ? Tried to get my head around it , but , no . I think this is some very deep , weird zone of " don 't ask . " Either way , we 're toast . Ah ! Get it off ! Get it off ! Get it off ! I 've got this thing about roaches , all right ? And this is the man who 's going to save the world from the alien menace . Back to work . " They judged it was him , anyway . " Said this drowned man was just his size " and was ragged and had uncommon long hair , " which was all like pap . " But they couldn 't make nothin out of the face , " because it had been in the water so long . " Weren 't much like a face at all . " They said he was floating on his back in the water . " They took him and buried him on the bank . " But I weren 't comfortable long " because I happened to think of somethin ' . " I knowed mighty well that a drowned man " don 't float on his back , but on his face . So I knowed then that this weren 't pap . " This isn 't getting too scary , is it ? It 's good . I like it . I remember I would picture that river . When I imagined it , it was all kind of dark and mossy , trees hanging down and stuff . Not like those pictures you see of Tom and Huck fishing . Oh , I 'd get so scared , but I liked it , too . And my mum would get under the covers with me and read these parts . She was nice , your mum . Yeah , she was . My mum , too . My mum 's great . You want me to go on ? Yes , please . " We played robber now and then about a month , " and I resigned . " All the boys did . " We hadn 't robbed nobody , hadn 't killed any people , " but only just pretended . " We used to hop out of the woods " and go charging down on hog drovers . " Women in carts taking garden stuff to market - we never hogged any of ' em . " I appreciate that , Colonel . I thought with the history our families have shared over the years , you could give me an off-the - record location . Yeah , I understand what " need-to - know basis " means , you jackass . We need your help . Come in . Please , come in . Sit down . Close the curtains . You don 't have to worry . No one 's coming here . What do you mean ? I work for them , Charlie . I was the one who called them . You told them about Allie . Lisa ... Just tell me where she is . Please , Harriet , tell me where they took Allie . I don 't know . I tried to call them . All the numbers I 've been given are disconnected . I have no way of finding them . We trusted you , everyone in the group . We put our trust in you , and you betrayed it . They told me I was helping . They told me they had proof that people who had been taken were in greater danger than they knew . I thought - You thought you were helping ? ! You told them Charlie was here , you told them Allie was with us , and now they have her ! Lisa , I am so sorry . I want you to put me back under . Allie and I , we have this link . Yes , I believe that 's real . In regression , I 've had those moments where I feel Allie , where I get that sense of knowing where she is . Yes . I 've been experiencing things like that again since they took Allie . I keep getting this sense of knowing where she is and what she 's doing . It 's very strong . I - I want you to help me find her . We 'd have to go pretty deep . We 've gone there before , but frankly , Lisa , I 'm a little over my head here . Can you help me get there ? We 're dealing with something that I don 't fully understand . Even if I am able to access it ... hypnosis of this sort can be very dangerous . Are you sure you 're ready for that ? I 'll go wherever I have to if I can get my daughter back . You have to do this for me . You owe me that much . ALLlE : Most of the fights people have are about something simple - you want something the other person has . or maybe they 're afraid you 're going to want it . and they go after you first . People always think that if they win . then that 's the end . everything will be all right from then on . But everything changes . and tomorrow. the thing you were fighting for will just be a memory . Like everything else . it 's already happened . They 're ready to take the shield off , doctor . What we 're going to do is extremely delicate . It would be easier for Lisa and me to find a way in if there wasn 't anyone else in the room . It 's all right . And a third deep breath ... Now I want you to go to that place where you and Allie find each other . Can you find it for me ? Yes . soldier : " And so we would lay in ambuscade , " as he called it , " and kill the lot and scoop the things . " He said we must slick up our swords and guns and get ready . " Okay , I 'm going to take this thing off your head in just a moment . Now , it 's not very bright in here , but it may hurt your eyes at first , okay ? Okay . Now what do you see ? Darkness . All I see is darkness . I-I can make out something . lisa : There are people watching . It doesn 't feel good . There are all these people . They 're waiting for something to happen . They want something . They 're waiting for something . Do you know where you are ? It looks like a hospital ... but it 's not . It smells kind of mouldy ... it 's like an attic . Now what do you see ? Ugh ! But I don 't know if it 'll happen . There 's a lot of anger here and a lot of fear . Lisa ... Lisa . Charlie ? I don 't know if they 're gonna get what they want , but I know they 're going to keep her . They 're going to keep her until they get what they want . So what happens now ? We wait . How long should we wait ? I don 't know . You believe they 'll come ? Absolutely . But then again , I believe a lot of things . He threatens to become a major pain in the ass . nina : If they went for Dr Penzler , they 'll be coming for you next . I don 't care about that . All I care about is finding Allie . Where is she ? I was with her in this room . It 's ... it 's a room . Uh ... Bare walls , peeling wallpaper , like a ... farm . Why a farm ? The way the room looks and ... feels . Something on the wall - license plates ... old , rusted license plates and a calendar with a picture of a tractor on it . There were all these people . A man I saw the time they tried to pick me up , but there was someone in uniform - You said there were license plates on the wall ? Yeah , old ones . What state ? Let me think . North ... North Dakota ! North Dakota ! That 's a start . North Dakota and a farmhouse doesn 't exactly narrow it down that much . Wallington 's Feed and Grain . Wallington 's Feed and Grain ! The calendar on the wall ! That was the name of the place ! North Dakota . I don 't know what city . The listing 's for Wallington 's Feed and Grain . You 're sure ? Nothing . In the whole state of North Dakota , there 's nothing . Ask yourselves , what would Maddie Hayes and David Addison do ? And they say that watching five hours of TV a day for 26 years is a bad thing . This intelligence is of an other-than-human form . They let us see what they want us to see. nothing more . Your government knows this . Gulf Breeze . Exeter . Dayton - I love this guy . He believes in everything . The scary part is how often he comes close to the truth . ... our government has been involved in a massive conspiracy to cover this up . Call me and tell me your story . This is William Jeffries . Talk to me. and I 'll talk to you . Oh. hi . This is Theresa . from Pocatello . Idaho . and I just have to tell you . I 'm so glad you 're here . because I was abducted last September ... Snack time . I tried to talk to everybody about this . I tried the government - I live on bad coffee and stale Oreos from the vending machine . Thank God you 're on the air . Yes ? Little girl 's light just came back on . North Dakota , Benson County , just outside of Brinsmade . - Program worked . - Thank you . ALLlE : My mother used to sing to me a lot . folk songs mostly . and things she liked when she was a little girl . There was this one song called Further Along that always made me feel better when I was sad . " Further along . we 'll know more about it . " Further along . we 'll understand why . " Cheer up. my brother . live in the sunshine . We 'll understand it all . by and by . " When you get to wondering too much about things . a song like that can really help a lot . When we find her , she 's gonna want that . She 'll be glad you brought it . Thanks for the book . Well , I figured now that you had that thing off , you could read it for yourself if you wanted . I was kind of hoping you would keep reading it to me . Sure . I mean , I 'd like that . Me , too . Can I ask you something ? Sure . Are they really gonna come and get you ? I don 't know . Probably something like that . That sure will be something to see . " Well , three or four months run along , " and it was well into the winter now . " I 'd been to school most of all the time " and could spell and read and write just a little " and could say the multiplication table ... # Just before it gets dark # # When the light still hangs in the sky # # The day 's not quite come # # All its promises still in your own eyes # # Between the time your mother calls # Thanks . # And the time you put the ball away # soldier : " But before the cold weather , I used to slide out ... # There 's a lifetime to be lived # # And a world where every dream is here to stay # # Just before the night comes # # And you run back to the safety of your world # You 're sure you 've never heard of it - Wallington Feed and Grain ? No , I 'm sorry . # Just before it gets time # Are you folks asking about Wallington ? Yeah . Harry Wallington , he went bust in ' 75 . '75 ? Had a place up in Brinsmade . I used to stop in on my way back from fishing with my boys . Good prices , quality products . What 's a couple of young folks doing asking about a store that went under when you were still in diapers ? Thanks . Thanks a lot . # Well , nothin ' lasts forever # # But those moments keep forever far away # You didn 't mention that it was an old calendar . Sorry , my super-vision 's a little rusty . We 're gonna find her , Lisa . We 're going to Brinsmade . Are you from there ? No . We 're visiting a sick cousin . Brinsmade 's been evacuated . You 'll find your family member at the high-school gym in Leeds . Evacuated ? Why ? Toxic spill . A truck collided with a train . What kind of spill ? They don 't tell me . They just tell me to keep the cars out . You 're not afraid you 're standing downwind of something ? You folks turn around and do like I said . You 'll find your family member in Leeds . Move along . Let 's go . # Hold on tight # # And I promise you , baby # # It 'll all be all right # # I promise you , baby # # It 'll all be all right # Okay , so where are they ? I mean , they took that thing off the little girl 's head last night , so where are they ? When I was in Afghanistan last year . This was all we did ... sit and wait . Come out and kill me already . I don 't care . Don 't make me sit here and think about what might happen . You would have been lost at the Alamo , my friend . Day one of that siege , I 'd have been the first one over that wall . So what 's the deal with the little girl , Pierce ? I mean , you been with her . She 's special . Well , what 's so special about her ? You have to be in the room with her . You guys are gonna think this is really weird - We 're in a field waiting for a flying saucer to land . How weird could anything you tell us be ? I 've told you guys about my mum , what a good cook she was , the cookies she used to bake . We have heard the tales . My mum died in 1998 . And you start to lose ' em after they die - your loved ones . I mean , their memories just ... start to fade in your head . I don 't mean events - I remember birthdays , picnics , everything like that . I mean , your actual mental picture of the person . I 'm reading to Allie , just helping her pass the time . She 's just a scared little kid , and she misses her mum , just like I miss mine . The book I 'm reading , it 's something my mum used to read to me . It 's just like my mum 's there with us , that 's all I 'm trying to say . And you attribute this somehow to the little girl ? I 'm just saying , you have to be there with her . You can 't put it into words , but if you spend some time with her , you 'll get it . I can promise you that . Thank you . Sorry about how all this worked out . If you guys want to go hunting in a couple of weeks , they should have the spill cleaned up . There was no toxic spill . I can tell you that . How the hell you know that ? Because I worked that railroad 19 years . You know what they haul on those lines ? Lumber and steel . Nothing but lumber and steel . Now , I 'm up there at Cranberry Lake with Michael and Tony , and I 'm trying to explain a little of my philosophy of life in the woods . A couple of fellas up from Grand Forks desperate to kill something before the weekend is over , and I 'm trying to explain that that 's not really what hunting 's all about . Is this a story that goes someplace , or is this " Dewey 's Meaning of Life , Part 7 " ? The point is , the three of us are sitting around the campfire and I 'm explaining my philosophy , and this Humvee pulls up , a bunch of soldiers get out and tell us to head on back to civilization . On account of the spill . A toxic spill - if there had been one - they might have told us to evacuate the area and then gone on about their business . Not this bunch . They just stood there the whole time it took us to strike camp , and then they damn near followed us all the way out of the woods . Excuse me . I 'm looking for a Mr Clayton . - Over there . - That 's him ? Thanks . You 're Mr Clayton ? That would be my dad . I 'm Dewey . We 'd like to hire your services . Oh , you lookin ' for a guide ? We were told that you 're the best . And you two want to go huntin ' ? In a way , yes . Well , you 're out of luck . We 're shut down . Damn government 's locked us out of our own woods . We know that . But you 've got some reason you want to go up in there , anyway ? Why don 't you step into my office ? Now what have we got out in those woods that you two are so anxious to go huntin ' for ? Our daughter . She 's lost in the woods ? No . She ... The army has her . Would this have anything to do with that toxic spill that didn 't happen ? Yeah . And your daughter , you say ? That gear back there belongs to a couple of young killers I had out this morning . I promised to ship it to ' em so they could put it in storage . I sure don 't think they 'll be back . It 'll just sit in the garage with the exercycle and the cross-country skis and the racquetball rackets . Might as well put it to some use before then . It 'll get down pretty low tonight , but you get in them sleeping bags right away , you 'll survive . There 's only one farm out this way . Nobody 's lived there for 25 years , so if they 're keepin ' her anywhere around here , that 'll be the place . Now ... I take out all kinds of folks - hunters , what have you . There 's a lot of different game up here . But if I 'm lookin ' at grouse , then I have to go in with a whole different set-up than if I 'm lookin ' at deer or elk . Now , you don 't have to be in a rush to tell me anything , but at some point , you 're gonna have to let me know just exactly what it is that I 'm gonna be lookin ' at . Oh ... just bend these and give ' em a shake . Good night . I guess we 'd better get in our bags . They 're not gonna do anything to her , Lisa . She 's too important to them . # Just before it gets dark # # Before you grow # # Before you 're too old to pretend # # Just before it gets dark # # And you know your dreams will not come back again # # Hold on # # Hold on tight # # And I promise you , baby # # It 'll all be all right # # I promise you , baby # # It 'll all be all right # Williams . Williams , you asleep ? Not anymore . Keel 's got the night watch on the little girl . He 's gonna let us in to take a look . You in ? Yeah . All right . Let 's go . This is really dumb . This is a court - martial . We 'll be in and out in ten minutes . - No one 's gonna get court-martialed . - Is that right ? This kid 's gonna bring these guys down from outer space . The least we can do is look her in the eye . Hi . We were just kind of wondering - What the big deal was . Yeah , pretty much . I 'm not quite sure . I 'm important to the - do you guys call them aliens ? Yeah , usually . Okay , the aliens . And your general figures they 'll come get me . We kind of know that already . How come you 're so special to them ? They 're my other family . What do you mean ? I 'm part them . For real ? But you just look like a little kid . Maybe they 're not as different as you think . ALLlE : Can I ask you something ? Sure . Are you mad at them ? But you 'll fight with them just the same ? That 's our job . Grownups are weird . 36 hours-nothing from Cheyenne Mountain , nothing from NORAD , nothing in the sky . Damn it ! I knew this whole thing was a bust . I 'm a four-star general . I 've been serving my country for 30 years , now I 'm sitting in the middle of Old McDonaldland with a 9-year-old girl ? I 'll tell you one thing - I 'm gonna have that squirrelly - ass Dr Wakeman served up on a platter for this . I 'm not gonna be the only one taking this fall . You want to tell me what the hell went wrong ? Oh , you got a theory , don 't you ? They 're up in their craft worried about this girl , and as soon as you take that thing off her head , they 're gonna come swooping down . Well , we could have been mistaken . Well , that 's big of you to admit it . General , we 're talking about aliens here . By definition , their motives , their behaviour , everything about them would be ... alien . So how much longer do we wait ? That 's entirely up to you . What 's a five-letter word for " idiot " ? This whole culture is built on a fear of death . No one wants to talk about it , everyone wants to pretend it 's not gonna happen . That 's how come you get those vegetarians springing up all over the place . " If I don 't eat the little darlings , then they 're never gonna die . " Nonsense . Neither one of you has ever been hunting , am I right ? I went out with some guys once when I was maybe 14 . We were living in Wisconsin . I didn 't like it . It made me feel terrible . Well , you 're supposed to feel terrible . That 's a part of it - understanding what it costs for you to stay alive . Well , we better keep moving . As it is , it 'll be dark before we get to where I think we - That little girl of yours must be something special . - How are you ? - I 'm all right , ma 'am . What you got up there ? Some sort of toxic spill , ma 'am . Ah , is that what they told you ? Yes , ma 'am . You 'll have to let me through . I need to see General Beers . Do you have clearance ? Do you have any idea what spilled up there ? No , ma 'am , I don 't . You need to let me through . I have important information that General Beers is expecting . You 're not gonna let me through , are you ? No , ma 'am . I didn 't think so . Next time , I 'm just gonna run through the roadblock , so why don 't you arrest me ? What ? Arrest me and have someone take me to General Beers . No one goes in . We detain people here . Okay , well , then detain me and get General Beers on the phone and let him know that Mary Crawford has important new information about the project . I can 't do that without provocation , ma 'am . I see . How 's this ? They 're not coming , are they ? I told you she was powerful , right ? Maybe they 're not that worried about her , maybe they think she can fight her own battles . You don 't know when to quit , do you ? At the roadblock , you told one of my soldiers you had information for me . I lied . You son of a bitch . Did you think I was just going to let you take the project away from me , you and the general here ? You bastard . You sold me out the first chance you got . Worthless bastard ! At the roadblock . Trunk . Put her somewhere where she can 't hurt anyone . Creep . It 's a woman thing , right ? They know how to hold a grudge . My father had this idea that he could do dangerous things because they needed him , that they 'd keep him safe . Well , they took care of me more than once . Because they needed us to , uh ... to get together . Because they needed Allie . Exactly . So they 're not gonna let anything happen to her . We don 't know that . They 're not gods , Charlie . No . We 're outclassed enough , so they can act like gods . We don 't know what they want with Allie or why they did this . The odds are they didn 't go through all this trouble just so they could hand her over to these people . I think she 's gonna be all right . I 'm going to find Allie and do whatever I can to help her . I 'm not going to rely on them for anything . Hey ! Okay . I need to speak to Miss Crawford . This is for Miss Crawford 's ears only . You can wait over there . soldier : Yes , sir . You peeked , didn 't you ? My grandfather found it at Pine Lodge . At the crash site . I never thought your dad was all that bright . It can be very effective when a stupid person lies to you . I found some papers with these images on them when we moved out of Groom Lake . I asked your dad about them , he gave me nothing . I stood there with your father and told him I was wrong about the body from the Roswell wreckage being the transmitter . I told him there had to be something else . He just looked at me like he didn 't have a clue . You got to admire that . Mary ... I had to go with them . I couldn 't let all this happen without me . You understand ? Please . I would have done exactly the same thing . I know . So this is it , this is the transmitter , this is how they send the implant signals up . And your father had it stashed away all along . That thing 's a lot more than a transmitter . You see these engravings , these inscriptions here , whatever you want to call them ? Fascinating . You don 't know the half of it . Along this edge here , these markings are the same as the ones you saw on these rubbings from 1947 . But on this side , on this edge here , this is all new information . That was not there before . It-it gathers information ? Now we know why they left it behind . It 's been documenting this whole ... experiment . How long ago did you take off the shield ? Day and a half . Nothing 's happened ? We 've got this , which is important , and we 've got the little girl . It would be interesting to see what would happen if the two were brought together . It 'll be dark soon . I can make that happen . Excuse me ? What do you do for bathrooms around here ? We go out back . What do women do ? You go out back . I guess you 'd have to take me ? I 'll walk you there , yeah . Okay , let 's go . Whoa . What 's with the case ? It 's got my products . Products ? You never had a sister , did you ? I really do have to go . That 's it there . I can take it from here . Um , do you think I could borrow your flashlight ? I 'm kind of scared of the dark . I guess it would be okay . Thank you . " And we fished and hunted , and that 's what we lived on . " Every little while , he 'd lock me in " and went down to the store . Three miles - " I 'm Dr Crawford . The general sent me to have a look at Allie . I wasn 't told anything about it . No , you weren 't . I 'll need you to wait outside . It 's all right . She 's not going to hurt me . I cried when Huck found out Jim never told him it was his father floating in the water . We haven 't gotten that far . I 've spoiled it for you . I 'm sorry . I 'm really sorry . I can 't stand knowing how something ends . It makes the whole thing seem so pointless . It 's all right . I just don 't have a lot of experience with kids . It 's really okay . I kind of guessed something like that was going to happen . You 're pretty good at that-guessing . Yeah , sort of . It must be so strange for you - finding out how strong you are , all the things you can do . It is , a little . I frightened you a lot . I 'm-I 'm sorry . I never meant to scare you . You don 't care if you do . That 's not really true . I 'm not the kind of person who takes pleasure in frightening people , hurting them . But you do it , anyway . They 're not coming , are they ? I don 't know . Maybe that 's for the best . Do you want to go home ? Yes . This is something that belonged to my grandfather . Tell me what it says . Read it for me , and you can go . You can read it , can 't you ? Tell me what it says . What do you want it to say ? Don 't go little Buddha on me , honey . I don 't like it . Pick up the damn thing and read it . Pick it up ! Hah . Good as new . What happened ? Oh , my God . Well , there it is . I 'd say that now is a very good time for you to tell me what this is all about . This is gonna be a little hard to believe . Well , try me . You ever heard of the Roswell crash ? You mean that flying-saucer thing ? My father was half-alien . His father was the one survivor of that crash . Our daughter was conceived onboard an alien craft . She is of incredible importance to them . A government agency now has her . We don 't know why . She told you it was gonna be a little hard to believe . I believe every word she said . What were you doing with the girl ? Just getting acquainted . Either one of them tries to leave this area again , - Shoot ' em . Is there a problem , Sol - All units ! Target inbound ! Get ready ! soldier : Let 's go ! Move out ! Check out the little girl 's brain activity ! Look at this pattern ! It 's like an REM cycle kicked into overdrive ! I 've never seen anything like it ! soldier : We got a sighting ! soldier : Elevation-45 degrees ! soldier : Get ready to fire ! Allie must be in the farmhouse . We 've got to get her out ! Lisa , wait . You go running down there , and they 're gonna shoot you . I 've got to get her out of there . Lisa ! Lisa ! All batteries , report status ! Over . Alpha ready . Bravo ready . Charlie ready . All batteries , stand by ! All batteries , lock on target ! All batteries , fire on my command ! Ten , nine , eight , seven ... Sir , what about the little girl ? - Five , four ... - We 've got to get her . - At ease . - Sir ! At ease , soldier ! One . Fire ! Fall back ! Fall back ! Fall back ! - Mary ! Lisa . Lisa , wait ! I can 't ! Will you two quit playing tug-o - war with each other ! You 're no good to your daughter if you 're lying down there , shot dead in some field . I know another way into that valley . Come on . Come on . soldier : Watch your step over here . Let 's take her . Advance to the perimeter of the craft . Use extreme caution . Mary , no ! Shoot her . Call them off ! Assault positions ! Aah ! Previouslyon Taken ... I 've gotta find my daughter , please ! - lisa : Allie did this . - charlie : Allie gave us missing time ? Why did you let us take you ? I thought if I went with you , they 'd be all right . Our families go way back . ALLlE : Your grandfather wasn 't a very happy man . Why are you trying so hard to be like him ? Something 's about happen . Maybe next week , maybe in 30 years , but these visitors - they 're moving toward something . I saw the saucer and its occupants . This is from my grandmother . You take one with you , and I 'll keep the other . I think you and I might be the end of all this . We might just be the beginning . I can 't see anything ! I can 't see anything at all ! You believe that thing you put on her head blocks her signal ? In a matter of days , we may be able to set foot inside one of their craft , to meet these beings , to find out what this has all been about . They can do some pretty incredible things . They can make you see things that are not there . That thing 's a lot more than a transmitter . It gathers information ? - I 'm Dewey . - We 'd like to hire your services . What have we got out in those woods that you two are so anxious to go hunting for ? Our daughter . The army has her . I 've told you guys about my mum . She 'd bake us Toll House cookies , and we 'd share the whole plate of them while she read . You start to lose them after they die . My orders are to take down their craft . As far as I 'm concerned , we 're at war . - soldier : Alpha ready . - SECOND soldier : Bravo ready . Fire ! Advance to the perimeter of the craft ... use extreme caution . Mary , no ! Shoot . Secondary system 's up . The little girl 's in this revved-up REM state . I 've never seen anything like it . You check for equipment malfunction ? First thing . This is her brain - live and in person . She 's working hard at something . What do we got ? No further indication of energy from the craft since that last burst . Is it dead ? Interesting choice of words . Doctor , I need to know how much danger my men are in . What I don 't need is your mouth . If they were fixin ' to do something , they would have done it when they took Miss Crawford . - They 're done . We 're moving in . - You 'd be jeopardizing Mary - Miss Crawford . You and I both know Miss Crawford made that choice when she ran for the craft . You never should have stopped me . I should 've gotten her . We stand a better chance of helping her if we keep going this way . We don 't know if that 's true . All I know is , that 's my daughter down there . How do I get to that farmhouse ? My daughter 's in that farmhouse . How do I get down there ? You gotta climb down the side of the mountain here . Let 's keep coming around back - They won 't be able to see us with that thing in the ground . We should get out of here . I 'm just a hunting guide . This is way out of my league . I know it 's your kid down there , but ... We 're going . I 'm sorry . We 've got the cameras up . Good . All right , men , remember your training . Stay cool . Okay , move into positions . Men. we need to know what you see. when you see it . This is a reconnaissance . If you see anything . don 't engage unless they start it . Roger that . Approach the craft with extreme caution . Look for any indications of activity . Roger . Walker , take a team and go . Williams , Keel , Pierce , Ryan , Mack - let 's move out . Lisa , wait . Lisa , are you okay ? Lisa . Yeah ... Yeah . Come on . Lisa ? Allie 's all right . She 's doing something very ... very hard . Sweet Jesus , that 's big . Sir. we 're 20 yards from the perimeter . The craft appears to be dead . All right. men . Proceed and look for an opening . What the hell happened ? Where 's your image ? I can 't seem to locate the problem . Nothing wrong with the equipment . Get me a picture , soldier . Come on ! Would any of you nice young people like one of my Toll House cookies ? Lieutenant ! Mum ? Command. we 're not sure exactly what we just saw . but some sort of opening has appeared in the craft . We 've got you on video . Lost you . Command. how do you hear ? Okay . Here we go . Let 's get it together . And , Walker ... stay alert , stay alive . Roger . We 're going in . Here we go , fellas . What are we supposed to do when we get there , knock on the side and say , " Open up " ? I guess we do whatever we can . Walker . Walker ! Walker ? Lost coms . They 're flying blind . Let God be with them . Did you kids change your mind about the cookies ? What the hell is this , Pierce ? I don 't know . Maybe it 's heaven . It 's not heaven at all . It 's West Virginia . Now come in and have some cookies . This isn 't real , Pierce . None of this is real . I know . I don 't care . Walker , that 's my mum . I know she 's dead . I don 't care . I don 't care what 's real . You 'll shoot your eye out . Are you sure you don 't want a cookie ? Lieutenant ... let 's go . It feels like ... a thousand voices all talking at once . Dr Wakeman , have you noticed any fluctuations in the girl 's - Not now . You might want to consider a more cooperative attitude . Miss Crawford came here against my express orders . You , on the other hand , were invited to assist us . Miss Crawford left you out here , doctor . She left you , and now she 's in there , jeopardizing your years of research as much as she 's jeopardizing my operation . Is that what he 's doing ? I 'm ... I 'm okay . - Be still . Ma 'am . Hold it right there . Don 't move . I see your father in you . Not enough to ruin things . Your father really should have taken a closer look at you . But he was too busy staring at his own navel to appreciate what he had . You 've done all right to get this far , Mary . You 've done fine . Here , have a cookie . They 're really good . How is this happening ? They go into your head , and they pull things out . You 've seen pictures of me . You have an idea of how you want me to be . In my day , we called them " projections , " I think now you call them " screen memories . " There are so many things I want to ask you ... But I suppose I 'd just be asking myself . Give it a try . You might find out something about yourself you never knew . I 've done things , terrible things . - You had to . - Why ? To learn about them ? To see them ? What ? Because of your overwhelming sense of their power . Because you truly know the future lies with them . Do you have another idea ? They made this girl , Allie , because they weren 't complete without us , without ... without something we could give them . Either way , their power is what compels you . I know the feeling . You want to be a part of that power at all cost . You don 't need that doctor boyfriend of yours anymore , Mary . You can 't trust him , and you know more now than he does . Trust your gut , your instincts , and you 'll be fine . Believe me . No . You 're me . You 're saying what I want you to say . I 'm saying what you know . They 're gonna win , aren 't they ? What makes you think it 's a contest ? My mother told me once that she was kind of frightened of you , that you were a scary guy . I never thought of myself as scary . I don 't see it , either . What I see is a man who couldn 't live up to his dreams . What do you mean ? You had this-all of it . You had Jacob Clarke . You had him , and you let him go . - You think I had him ? - You did . You don 't know what happened . That little boy frightened you . He frightened you so badly that you let him go . You let him go , and you spent the rest of your life running from whatever it was you saw . - It 's not that simple . - It couldn 't be simpler . You saw something that frightened you , and you ran . You 're right , I did see something . You want to know what scared me so badly ? Yes . That 's what I want to know . You want to know what I saw ? Yes , damn it , I want to know what you saw ! Then look at me , Mary . Look at me . You sure you don 't want a cookie , Mary ? Found these two in the woods , sir . My God . You know these people ? Allie 's mother and father . Put ' em somewhere where they can 't bother anybody . Take him , too . I don 't want anybody else deciding to run and play in the spaceship . Any of ' em gives you any trouble at all , shoot ' em . That 's it , let 's go . Let 's go . Lisa , talk to me , Lisa . So you 're Charlie . You don 't use the last name " Keys , " do you ? There was a time when a great deal of money and technology went into looking for you . Kind of a boost to the old ego , wouldn 't you say ? If we have time when this is over , I 'd like a moment to knock you on your ass . Oh , yes-a fighter . No-nonsense . That 's what they always liked about the Keys family - you guys had ' tude . Your fight 's not with me anymore , Chuck . The soldier boys took over . It 's a whole new ball game now . Lisa , are you all right ? All these voices ... more and more . It 's too hard ... just a little longer ... You still think this is all some kind of weird experiment ? I think you ought to ask me later is what I think , sir . Get ' em off ! Get ' em off ! Get ' em off me ! Walker ! Walker ! They 're not real ! They 're in your head ! They 're in your head ! Okay , yeah . Did I also tell you guys that I 'm really , really scared of rabid dogs and cobras ? Joke . It was a joke . Let 's move out . Alle ihre erinnerungen und alle ihre angste . Miss Crawford - How do we know it 's really her ? Alle ihre erinnerungen und alle ihre angste . All your memories and all your fears . Come in , Colonel ! Come in ! - soldier : Anybody copy ? - We 're here . Say again . They 're everywhere ! Lieutenant Williams , get your people out of there ! Look at that . Walker , withdraw from the objective . Pull back now . Williams , do you copy ? Does anybody copy ? They 're coming out of the walls. sir . Keel ! Pierce ! Any stations . Do you copy ? What 's that ? Oh , my God . Hold steady , guys . Come on , come on . Fall back ! Fall back ! Fall back ! soldier : What do we do , sir ? Lisa . Lisa . Lisa . Lisa . I guess they got what they came for . That little girl is gone . ALLlE : When I was very little . my mother would read nursery rhymes to me . I always hated Humpty Dumpty . That 's a very scary poem . No one knows how to put it back together again - not all the king 's horses or all the king 's men . No one wants to think that there 's anything in the world that could fall apart that badly . but. of course ... anything can . I guess that 's what 's so scary about Humpty Dumpty . Move the troops and weapons out of here quick . I don 't want to be here when and if the media comes to see about this so-called toxic spill . We 'll debrief at Fort Ash . And , Colonel ... we were never here . Bring the mother and father , too . We 're gonna need to talk to them . They 're our only link to the girl . We don 't have a prayer in hell , do we ? Just get it all done ASAP . Sir , I found this in the back of the Humvee that Miss Crawford was in . You want to tell me what this is ? It 's theirs . No kidding . Get me Wakeman . Peters , send in Wakeman . You showed this to the little girl , didn 't you ? Damn it . Mary , you all right ? What happened ? What did you see ? What can you tell me about this , doctor ? Nice ... very nice . What is it ? Ahem ... it gathers information , responds to stimuli . It could be a recording device ... could be a brain . Just keep it up , doctor . You and Miss Crawford withheld valuable information . In my opinion , your actions and those of Miss Crawford are directly responsible for the failure of this mission . Nice to have someone to blame when things go wrong , huh ? Put ' em in the truck with the others and take ' em back to Fort Ash ! Maybe the ride will give ' em a little time to consider the consequences of being uncooperative . - Let 's go . - Ma 'am . I want two guards on them at all times . Where are we being taken ? She needs medical attention . I don 't need anything . Charlie , it 's gonna be all right . These two are coming with me . Lieutenant , I would like you to join us . What , you 're not even gonna try and find Allie ? They just take her away , and that 's that ? What would you suggest ? I don 't know . Just come with me , Charlie . It 's gonna be all right . You drive . I ride in the back with the mother . Can you tell me about it ? I don 't want to talk about it , Chet , I really don 't . I 'm sorry about the artefact . I was guarded . I couldn 't get to it . It 's not important anymore . How can you say that ? You saw it . It was working overtime . Something is still going on . When you went into that ship , what did you see ? Bugs . Cockroaches . Something you 're afraid of ? It 's been a thing with me ever since I was a kid . And the other soldier ? Pierce . He saw his mother . We all did . Turn around . Turn around ! Stop the truck and get the general on the radio . You 'll have to sit down . I don 't have to do anything . What you have to do is turn this truck around , unless you want to tell the general you refused to go back and get the girl . Stop the truck . Stop the truck ! Get on the radio and see if you can get the general . Honk your horn . Maybe he 'll see us . General Beers , do you copy ? Why are we stopping ? Where the hell 's the mother and father ? They 're with you , sir . What ? They were with you , sir . I can explain this to you , but you 're not gonna like it . They put the farmhouse back . They never took it away . See if the little girl is inside . What 's the meaning of this ? Do you see it ? There was nothing . No craft , no aliens-nothing . Everything we saw and just went through , it all came out of our heads . She took it . Allie took it . Our wishes , our dreams , our fears ... our memories . Then she played them all back . Is that possible , doctor ? You ever played tick - tack - toe with a chicken ? It 's something you do at county fairs . You see , when you pick a square , it releases feed into the spot where the chicken should go next . What you see from out there with all the suckers is a game of tick-tack-toe . But what the chicken sees from inside the game is a very different level of reality . So none of this really happened ? This little girl can manifest thought . That 's as simply as I know how to put it . Then find a way to put it more simply . She fooled us , General . Pure and simple . The house is clear . I 'm gonna check the perimeter . You with me . Check the back . Then where is she ? This is the part you 're definitely not gonna like . Sir , where am I going ? Where we 're going is back to find our daughter . Now get out ! Get out ! You don 't have to go anywhere . I don 't know what you did , honey , but you sure did it . Hey ... hey . Hey , honey . They wanted to use me to make the ship come down . I know . I thought if I could make them think that I 'd gone - that I had been taken - they would stop looking for me and everything could just go back to the way it was . It 's all right . It 's gonna be all right . But they were gonna take you away . Don 't . You did great . They 're gonna figure it out . And they 're gonna come looking for me again . Just ' cause they 're looking doesn 't mean they 'll find you . Charlie 's right . We are not gonna let them get you again . I 'm scared . Sweetheart ... I just wanted to say ... I don 't know what happened back there and I don 't think I ever will , but seeing my mum again - what you did for me was a pure kindness , and I 'll always thank you for it . Soldiers coming . Allie , can you help us ? Nothing 's happening . She 's exhausted . Come here . I 'm sorry about hitting you . You really care about Allie , don 't you ? Yeah . She needs your help . Took off over those hills about ten minutes ago . soldier : Load up ! Okay , just to recap - we got a giant craft - a mothership , if you will - that everyone saw but wasn 't really there at all because she made it all up . And then , while we 're standing around with our thumbs up our collective asses , she waltzes up looking just like me and takes off with her parents . That about sum it up ? Perimeter sealed ? Soldiers at every access . We 'll find ' em . If you do find them , General , then what will you do ? When Allie did what she did , when she manifested the ship and everything in it , she demonstrated a power far beyond anything the aliens themselves are capable of . So what , do we pack up our tents and go home ? I see it more as , uh ... sit back and enjoy the show . What happened , soldier ? They overpowered me , sir . They overpowered me and got away . Wonderful . Allie ? Thought them soldiers would never leave . I 've been up there watching you guys for a couple hours . You just gonna stand there waiting for me to apologize , or are you gonna get in the damn truck ? What did they do to that poor little girl ? ALLlE : I had done what I could . I tried to make the soldiers think that their plan to use me as bait hadn 't worked . that I had been taken away . I thought that if I could make them believe that I was gone. then they wouldn 't bother me anymore . and I could go back to who I used to be . But too much had happened to all of us by then for anything to go back to how it was . Well , this is as far as I go . Just leave me here and keep on going . You might need all them rich - boy tents and stuff in back . Thank you . Have you got a car around here ? In the parking lot of the bar . You better give me the keys . I 'll put it somewhere where they won 't find it right away . There 's something I gotta say here . I saw something that I never thought I 'd see . And as for me running out on you up there , I - No . - You take care of your little girl . - Thanks . I hope this ends well for you . Thank you . Now go on . Get out of here . Okay . That 's everything , right ? Hey . Hello . How ya doin ' ? I 'm all right . You helped her escape , didn 't you ? No ... I didn 't . I know you did . I can either tell the colonel , or you and I can talk . They overpowered me . Sure they did . She told me you could be trusted - Allie-when I was with her . She told me if things got out of hand , that you were a good guy , and you 'd been nice to her . I don 't understand . You 've noticed I 'm not exactly on good terms with your general . I was opposed to this entire operation - taking a little girl and using her as bait . It 's sick . It 's all right . Like I said , she told me you were a good guy . I 'm not asking just to know . I 'm worried about her . Worried ? If you had to help her , that means she couldn 't help herself . Do you mean , like , look like someone who wasn 't there ? For example . If she 's weak or sick , she may need my help . She tried to do something , but she couldn 't . So she 's weak . Is she gonna be all right ? I 'm sure she 'll be just fine . Here you go , come on . Got it , Dad . - Brought your favourite right here . How 's she doing ? She 's asleep . My father had some of what Allie has . My Uncle Tom-he said that using his abilities made my dad weak . That 's what killed him . She 's not your father . She 's got other things in her . Your blood ? Yeah , and your mum 's . Lisa , there 's a reason this all leads up to her . Maybe she can handle it . We don 't know that . What if she never gets better ? What if she just burned herself out and this is all that 's left ? Then we 'll get her some help . Who are we gonna get to help her ? The first thing is to get off the road , get someplace safe . My uncle and I have a plan . If things get bad enough , I put an ad in the personals of the New York Times - " Drummer seeks gig in country-western band . " Then Tom gets a message to me about where to meet him . How does he do that ? Talk radio . A guy named William Jeffries has a late-night talk show about aliens , government conspiracies - Crazy stuff . Right . And my uncle , having written these books about aliens and government conspiracies ... Jeffries is always glad to take his call . Then we 'll place an ad . I got it . Thanks . Nothing . Not on the little girl or her mother ? No signal ? What does that mean ? I 'd say it means that Allie was the point of all this , and now that she 's demonstrated , they don 't care about anyone else . - I want her back . - You don 't have the means . Find her for me . Are you asking me back into the fold , General ? Would you like for us to work together again ? This little girl is the product of three generations of selective breeding , of a genetic experiment on an unparalleled scale . Once they produced her , they sat back for nine more years . I would suggest to you that they were waiting for a moment when all that was latent in her would become active . When she did what she did here - made us see the craft - that was her " demonstrating " ? They saw the power they 'd been waiting to see . This little girl - this extremely powerful little girl - I don 't need to point out how important she is to us . There 's a big leap from looking at the sun to making a hydrogen bomb . In between , you just go blind . I 'm gonna find that little girl , with or without your help . And when you find her , then what ? When this started , you asked us just how powerful she was . She did this , she did all this , General , and I believe she 's just getting started . In a war , Miss Crawford , you don 't run away just because the enemy has superior firepower . Do you really still see this as a war ? I told you that before , yes . It 's between us and them . I can help you win it . I can help you find the girl . Mary - Your soldier Pierce helped her get away . He helped her because she was too weak to help herself . She 's weak now . You can pick her up . But when she gets strong again , she 'll be unstoppable . You 're thinking , " I can get to the girl . Why do I need this bitch in the mix ? " I don 't use the expression " in the mix . " When I showed her the artefact - that thing my grandfather found at Roswell - she saw something that frightened her deeply . I know what she saw . Do you ? I know because I saw it , too , and it frightened me . It 's what my grandfather saw . And you 're not sharing ? I agree that this is a war , and we 're fighting an enemy we can 't possibly defeat , not with any of the means at our disposal . But that little girl is much more powerful than they are . Here 's the kicker - I know how to talk her into working for us . What are you doing ? I told him what he wanted to hear . It sounded pretty real to me . We 'll give them just enough truth to hang themselves . You 'll help him use Allie to stop them ? That 's what I told him , yes . I think that 's what you want now , too . That 's not what I want at all . What scared you ? What did you see ? It 's like a walk through a mine field , isn 't it ? - What is ? - Life . When you start out , there 's just a few mines - childhood diseases , falls from high places - then you hit adolescence , and there 's more mines - drugs , unprotected sex , drunk drivers , lonely kids with guns - and the older you get , the more mines you see , and all you 're trying to do is get to the other side of the field , but that 's not possible , is it ? No , because the more you look , the more mines you see . Pretty soon , you realize that there 's nowhere left to step . Mary ... what did you see ? What did I see ? I saw where all the mines were . I saw everything I 'd ever done , everything that had ever happened to me . I saw where all this would end . That 's what Owen saw . That 's what destroyed him . I 'm not folding like my grandfather did . Did what I see frighten me ? Of course it did . Will it stop me ? No . Everybody dies . Don 't worry about the general , sweetheart . We 'll keep him around for as long as we have to . Once we have Allie on our side , he doesn 't stand a chance . What 's Allie scared of ? You said you thought the artefact was gathering information . Well , say that 's their record of this whole experiment , everything they 've done and intend to do here . You 'll agree that Allie is the end result of that . - She 's what this is all about ? - Of course . I think she saw her own destiny . I think she saw what they want her to do , and I don 't think she likes it . Happy birthday , Allie ! Allie , happy birthday . Yee-haw . We 're so glad to have you back , Allie . We never want you to go away again . Look at all the presents ! Look at all of your friends ! This is where you belong . This is where you should stay . We can all be one happy family . Stay with us , Allie . I can 't ! I can 't . You 're not going to come inside ? If somebody comes , what are you gonna do ? I don 't know . I want to keep watch . They had no right to do any of this . No . Our lives don 't belong to them , Lisa . There 's gotta be a way to stop this . You 're a good guy . I 'm glad you 're with us . Mum . Honey , you feeling better ? Can I talk to you for a minute ? Yeah . This is all getting pretty scary , huh ? When those people took me - the ones that thought they could trick the spaceship into coming down - Yeah . Do you remember that woman ? You know , the one that I went with at Dr Penzler 's ? Right . She said that her family and our family had known each other for a long time , that her grandfather knew your grandma . She had this thing that her grandfather had found when the spaceship crashed a long time ago . What sort of thing ? It was a piece of some sort of metal . It was more than that , though . It was part of them . I could feel in her head that it was important , that she had done a lot of things to get it . She asked me to read it to her . Could you ? No ... but I felt like I understood it . It made me feel like I was with all of them . Does that make sense ? If you felt it , then , yes , it does . She asked me to touch it , but I didn 't . Why not ? When I looked at it , I saw things . What ... kind of things ? Things that are going to happen . Mummy ... Yeah ? I just want to stay here with you . You are gonna stay here with me , okay ? - I won 't be long . - Okay . An army spokesperson said that the little girl and her parents had inadvertently wandered into an area under quarantine after a toxic spill . What about that little girl ? Whoever heard something like that ? Army chasing after a kid ? The little girl may have come in contact with something that is extremely dangerous . Sounds like some sort of secret biological hoodoo . One of those , like , flesh-eating viruses where you bleed out your eyeballs . The Bush Administration has issued a statement flatly denying the growing rumours of some sort of biological weapons test . What did I just say ? Flesh-eating virus . ... you 're urged to contact the FBI or your nearest army barracks with details . There is a substantial reward for any information leading to her whereabouts . Tell me how substantial that reward is , maybe I 'll forget about the extremely dangerous - Dude , your change ! What the heck crawled up his butt ? ... driving a silver GMC Sierra . Again. ifyou have any information on the girl or her parents - First thing we gotta do is get rid of this truck . We 'll take backroads , we won 't camp at sites . My mum and I moved around a lot , so I 've got experience with this kind of thing . Well , it seems to have stopped thinking for the moment . I know it shut down . What I want to know is , why ? Your grandfather tried to have it translated , right ? My father , too . Any luck ? You really should have told me about this earlier . Trust is the basis for all healthy relationships . I didn 't think we knew each other well enough . You two can work on your relationship on your own time . What can I tell you ? I take my work home with me . The artefact never came on when either your father or grandfather had it , right ? My father certainly never mentioned it . We 're gonna translate it . We 're gonna learn how to speak alien . The best way to crack any code is to know what they 're trying to say . This thing came on to record Allie 's demonstration of power . So then everything that happened in North Dakota should be on there right now . Or a recipe for chicken a la grey . I think we can do this and make this work . We 're gonna need a team of linguists , cryptologists - Mathematicians ? The Fibonacci Sequence again . I 'm glad you find it so promising . Why don 't see if it starts off by telling me where I can find the little girl ? The place is deserted . You 'll be safe here . Okay . You should probably give me all the money . Right . All we got . Charlie ... Be safe , okay ? We need you . Well , I could maybe give you that Datsun over there . Does it run ? On a wing and a prayer . You figure I 'm asking a lot , wanting you to take a truck with no papers ... Yeah , I do . Even though it 's fully tricked-out , less than 20,000 miles on it ? All the more reason to be dubious , my friend . I need something reliable . And I need a vehicle I don 't have to strip into parts to see a profit . You and I both know that , stripped down to parts , this truck will get you at least $ 15,000 . I have a feeling you couldn 't stand to watch a profit like that drive away . Why don 't I just turn you in ? Then the cops take the truck . Look , the only way this works out for you is if you cut a deal with me . All right . You look around and tell me what will meet your needs . I 'll go juggle some numbers , see what I can do . Hi there . Oh , uh ... just coffee . You sure you don 't want anything else ? Our early bird hasn 't killed too many people this week . Coffee 's fine . Let me get this mess for you . Oh , man . I 'm so sorry . No . Here , let me - Forget it ! Forget it ! Let me help . No . I gotta go wash this crap off . Let me help you . I think you 've done enough . Lousy cup of coffee , and you 're this much work ? You could 've ordered something . Getting hungry ? Yeah . Charlie should be back with some real food soon . He 's been gone a long time . I know . Here . Feeling better ? I 'm okay . Don 't , uh ... Don 't do anything for a while , even if people come for us , okay ? I don 't think I can yet . Well , don 't try . I thought you might want to have ... this . I knew I 'd find you . I knew I 'd be able to bring it to you . You 're gonna have a hell of a lot to write about . Yeah . " Yeah " ? That 's all you got from me ? Yeah ... Yeah . Probably just Charlie . Do you know how to use that ? Not a clue . But if I point it at someone , they 're not gonna know that . You stay here . I 'll go see who they are and what they want . And , baby ... don 't do anything . I can take care of this . Hello , Allie . Allie ? Allie ? Get away from my daughter right now ! Hello , Lisa . Please , don 't be frightened . I 'm your grandfather . Your grandmother gave this to me a long time ago . Whoo ! Yeah ! We know you 've got that little girl in there ! Come on out ! Dude , turn that up . Maybe they can 't hear us . Stay here . Let me take care of this . Get out here . Want us to come in there and get you ? Come on out . Got a little surprise for you . Come on out before we come in ! Yeah . We 've come about the little girl . There 's no little girl here . It 's just me . You 're lying . We followed you up from Halsey . We saw the guy take off in his truck . You and your friends should go away . There 's nothing here for you but trouble . This trouble supposed to be coming from you , huh ? Bang . Who the hell are you ? Huh ? Who the hell are you ? What the hell are you doing ? Make him stop . Shoot him ! Shoot him , somebody ! Shoot him ! Shoot him ! Shoot him ! Shoot him ! Somebody shoot him ! Allie ? Go away ! Go away now ! Allie , what are you doing ? Stop it , please ! Stop it . Get out of here ! What the hell is going on ? These guys came for Allie . She scared them off . charlie : Who 's that ? Allie 's ... great-grandfather . You mean he 's - They shot him . Good . He was trying to help . Help ? He 's the one who 's responsible for this whole thing . We wouldn 't need his help if he hadn 't started this . What do you want , huh ? What the hell do you want ? ! Charlie , stop it ! Let 's go . People are gonna come looking for this truck . What about him ? Leave him . Leave him and let 's go . We can 't just leave him here . Sweetheart , he 's not our friend . That doesn 't matter . It 's not the right thing to do . Can 't just leave him . No , sir , I don 't have another explanation . We didn 't get information about the vehicle until this morning . Thankfully , there 's been no media circus yet . Yes , I appreciate that fact , sir . Thank you , sir . " You can 't get re-elected if people perceive you as beatable . " Put that in the quote book right next to " Ask not what your country can do for you . " We got enough to do out in the field without having to cover junior 's ass . Okay , beautiful . Thanks . What do you think happened here ? I think it 's safe to say her strength is returning . You love me ... right ? What is this , Chet ? Remember I said that we didn 't have a signal on Allie , that we didn 't know where she was ? I lied . Yes , Chet . I love you . ALLlE : There 's a feeling you get sometimes in a bad dream . You 're running. and something dark and big is chasing you . and you want to just stop to let the dark. big thing catch up with you . Something bad is going to happen . you can 't change that . but you can turn and see it coming . You can see the face of your bad dream . Previouslyon Taken ... My daughter 's in that farmhouse . How do I get down there ? Our daughter was conceived onboard an alien craft . She is of incredible importance to them . Pull back ! Pull back ! They made this girl , Allie , because they weren 't complete without us . That was my grandfather 's legacy-craft , bodies ... What was he like , your grandfather ? You want to know what scared me so badly ? Yes , damn it , I want to know what you saw ! Then look at me , Mary . Look at me ! Their power is what compels you . I know the feeling . You want to be a part of that power at all costs . What 's the meaning of this ? Do you see it ? There was nothing . Everything we saw , went through , it all came out of our heads . This little girl can manifest a thought . When Allie did what she did , when she manifested the ship , she demonstrated a power far beyond anything the aliens themselves are capable of . I thought if I could make them think that I 'd gone , that I 'd been taken , they would stop looking for me . This girl is the product of three generations of selective breeding , of a genetic experiment on an unparalleled scale . You want to tell me what this is ? It gathers information , it responds to stimuli ... - She asked me to read it to her . - Could you ? They made me feel like I was with all of them . lisa : My uncle and I have a plan . I put an ad in the personals of the New York Times . Then Tom gets a message to me about where to meet him . Remember I said we didn 't have a signal on Allie , that we didn 't know where she was ? - I lied . - I love you . Hello , Allie . Get away from my daughter ! Right now ! Please , don 't be frightened . Lisa , I 'm your grandfather . Your grandmother gave this to me a long time ago . Make him stop ! Shoot him ! Somebody shoot him ! Shoot him ! Go away now ! Allie , what are you doing ? Stop it , please ! Stop it ! Doctor ! - Please . We 've got to get away from all these people . - They 're with somebody . - With somebody ? Another man . According to these gentlemen , a man stepped forward . A guy in his 30s . His eyes turned black , and they shot him . They were waiting for her to demonstrate . They see she 's got the power , and bam ! They 're here . You 're saying the one who did all this was an alien ? You are paying attention . She didn 't leave in a spaceship . She left in a Dodge Durango . Still doesn 't make you look very good , does it ? You take a nine-year-old girl and a special ops unit into the American heartland , you lose the girl , you come up with nothing . - You 're in the deep end . - You 're right in there with me . I have to go back to Washington and explain what happened here . Find me the girl and whoever she 's with . - How 'd you like us to do that ? - The little girl 's weak . This being who came to help her has been shot . You 'll have a definite advantage . - Smooth sailing , I 'd say . - Just do it . And when we find her ? Then find me . I 'll take it from there . That 's worked so well up till now . I 'm not goin ' down alone on this one . Try not to screw things up . They 're about ten hours ahead of us in Montana . I had our guy switch the monitoring to my laptop in case the general got it into his head to check . Good . Mary , you 've been through a lot with your father and everything with Allie . I just wanted you to know I 'm here for you . I know that . You said you thought they were waiting for her to demonstrate . Yeah . What happens now that she has ? Pie . - What ? - Pie . My rule of any car trip . Let 's find a place to get some . I 'll tell you my theory of everything . She 's exhausted from all that she 's been doing . - She 'll be all right . - Will she ? And then what ? They come for her again or she does something again . You 've gotta do something to change all this . I just want my little girl back . You started all this , and you don 't have any more of an idea where it 's gonna end than any of us do . Charlie ? What 's going on ? Get out . Get out ! lisa : What are you doing ? Just give me a minute . I want to talk to you . lisa : We need his help . Allie does . His help ? He 's the one responsible ! I want to know what the hell this is all about . Charlie , you 're hurting him . Stop it . He 's already weak . Sweetheart , it 's gonna be all right . Give me a minute . Why are you here ? Why have you been doing this ? What the hell do you want ? - We 're just trying to understand . - Understand what ? Everything . I 'll try to put this in terms that you commonly use . I 'm ... a scientist . We were all scientists . We came here to learn about your world . Our idea was to find out everything - your history , your biology ... everything . We came here to learn . We 're not that different from you genetically , biologically , but what you call evolution has changed us . We see things in you that ... we no longer recognize in ourselves . What do we know ? They 're this energy that can manifest itself in different ways - as the beings we 've seen , as their crafts , as our thoughts . There 's no right or wrong about them . The whole concept of right and wrong was ... alien to us . The idea that the things we were doing were cruel ... They have no concept of kindness or cruelty , no way of seeing beyond the oneness of all that energy to the separateness , the uniqueness , your ability to hate , to love , to feel . You have compassion as well as cruelty . We lack both . Or that is , the traits lie dormant in their brains , like the animal that lives far back inside all of us . But an experience of something basic can awaken that primitive thing . And that 's what happened . Your grandmother Sally , she took me in and showed me a great kindness . Something could have touched one of them , something simple , awakened the sense of what was missing , something gone and half-remembered . And so our greatest experiment began . Could they put it back , this thing that had been bred out of them for eons and eons ? Your emotional core - your strength , your feeling - and our more - evolved consciousness ... could we bring these two together ? If we could could do this , we would have the next step in the evolution of life . The experiment was an unqualified success . What do you think is gonna happen next ? Allie goes with us . We work with her . We help her to understand our part of the equation . That 's never gonna happen . You still don 't get it . This ... thing you saw in my grandmother , this compassion , our humanity - you still don 't have a clue what that means . Allie is my daughter . She is nine years old . I love her with all my heart and soul . You will never take her away from me . She can 't stay here , Lisa . She did too much . If she uses her power again , that part of her that 's us , it will kill her . You were right . Those people will keep coming after her , and she will do something to keep you or Charlie safe . It 's the only place for her . That is what 's next . No , it isn 't . You 've inflicted enough pain on this planet . It 's over . Let it go . Go away . Montana . Looks like they 've stopped . We should be able to catch up with them tonight . Tomorrow morning at the latest . We 've taken it all the way together , haven 't we ? I don 't know what you mean . We 're gonna be there when it comes together . We 're gonna know we did our part . Our part ? Keep Allie safe , so they can finish their work . You 're fine with that , aren 't you ? Them finishing their work . I can 't wait . That 's all you want , right ? Front seat at the show ? They 're more highly evolved than we are . She 's more highly evolved than they are . It 's the way of the Tao . Nature takes its course . What if it 's our nature to fight back ? Then we lose . Evolution 101 . Pretty weird couple of days . Yeah , pretty weird . You all right ? I just want to be home listening to my CDs playing soccer with my friends . I know . I 'm just a little kid . I didn 't ask anyone to make me special . WOMAN ON radio : My friend Dale . his son was killed in the Gulf War . Allie showed him his boy . We all saw him clear as day ... Your uncle should have seen the ad we put in the paper by now . He will . He 'll call . radio HOST : What else happened . Cynthia ? cynthia : People were there from the government . people who 'd come to take her . I want to hear the rest of this . but right now we 've got a call I 've been hoping for . I 'm gonna ask you to please stay on hold a few minutes . As he does from time to time . noted UFO-logist Tom Clarke is checking in . - Talk to me . Tom . Hi . Bill . Tom Clarke . What news from the front. my friend ? I 've got nothing tonight but a false alarm . I 'm calling from Gray 's Lake in Idaho . Gray 's Lake . Promising name . Uncle Tom ! Uncle Tom ! Hey , there , sweetie . Hey . - It 's good to see you . - Good to see you , too . Is this him ? - He 's my dad . - I know . - Tom . - Charlie . Thanks for taking such good care of our family . What kind of adventures you been on lately ? - A lot 's been goin ' on . - Oh , yeah ? Tom ? It 's good to see you . I thought we 'd go into Mexico through Texas . I got a guy down in El Paso . He 's working on the documents . He 's gonna meet us at my mum 's old place in Lubbock . I was thinking that you guys should go down to South America . I 've got a family there who can put you up indefinitely in Buenos Aires . It 's a big change , but I just think it 's something you have to do . What ? You 've got a feeling ? This is all supposed to be going somewhere , that 's all . Mexico sounds like a good idea . What do we do about him ? He doesn 't look too good . I don 't think we 'll have to worry about him much longer . ALLlE : People talk a lot as if the most important thing in life is to always see things for what they really are . But everything we do . every plan we make is kind of a lie . We 're closing our eyes and pretending the day won 't ever come when we won 't need to make any more plans . Hope is the biggest lie there is . and it is the best . You have to keep going as if it all mattered . or else we wouldn 't keep going at all . Want a granola bar ? Are they good ? They 're not as healthy as they say on the wrapper . They 've got a lot of sugar in them . You eat food , don 't you ? - We eat . - Try it . That 's good . I don 't want to do this . I know . At the gas station , I was gonna make those men hurt each other . I could have done that . - But you didn 't . - I almost did . I don 't want to hurt people . How do I make this stop ? I mean , if I couldn 't do any of those things , then people would leave me alone , wouldn 't they ? I don 't know that much about people . - Is there anything I can do ? - Nothing . Will the others come for you ? I 'm not important . Allie , things are gonna get hard for you for a while . You 'll be afraid , and you 'll be alone . You 're becoming more than you already are . I 'm not going to go with you . I belong here with my family . I brought this for you . What is it ? It was your great-grandmother 's . She gave it to me before I left . I can 't do this much longer . I know . - How you feelin ' ? - Okay . You always wanted to go on a long car trip , didn 't you ? Allie ... John ... he 's helped us out , and he 's hurt , but that doesn 't mean you have to do anything he asks . I already told him I wasn 't going to go with him . What did he say ? He gave me this . Let me have that . My dad , he used to say that kids shouldn 't ever have to think about anything more complicated than baseball . You 're gonna be a little girl again ... I promise . Hey , back together again . See how this looks , gorgeous . I 'm never gonna let you go , honey . Never . Oh , that 's lovely . I 've got a gun to your mother 's back . I 'm betting I can get a shot into her before you turn the gas station into a flying saucer or a house of pies . Allie , don 't try to do anything . Do you understand ? Be a good girl . Listen to your mum . Allie , when we were in that farmhouse , you saw something that scared you . I think you know what they want you to do , and I don 't think you want to do it . I can take care of you . I can keep you safe from your ... friends . We can work together on this . I don 't want to hurt anybody . I really don 't . You 're out of options . You must have realized that by now . I have the resources and technology to help you . It 's me or them . I just want to help . You 're lying . You can 't help anyone . Let 's go . Get in the car ... now ! Get in ! Move ! Move ! charlie : Lisa ! Allie ! Hey ! Hey ! Hold on ! - Allie , don 't do anything . It 's not safe ! - I didn 't do anything ! Come on ! - Stop it ! - You were gonna shoot her ! You 're damn right . She 's staying here with us ! That was too close . How did they find us ? charlie : Sweetheart , I want to ask you something . Those people from the government - when you went with them , you said they put something over your head . Right . I heard them say it was to block a signal . If those people know enough to block that signal , then they know how to read it , to track it . You have one , too , Lisa . That 's how they found you in Seattle . There 's not much point in going to Buenos Aires , is there ? No matter where we go , they 'd find us . There 's gotta be something we can do . You can shut her off , can 't you ? You can do something so they won 't be able to track her signal or mine . If you can do it , then do it . You owe us that much . I can 't do it . I don 't have the strength . But Allie can . Find it inside you , Allie . Can you ? lisa : Allie , don 't do anything . You 're weak . ALLlE : I have to . Allie , please , no . What are you doing ? The music helps me concentrate . We 're not picking up their signals . I know . You know ? Shut off . Gone . No more signals . - You didn 't bother to tell me ? - I was gettin ' to it . - Do you think Allie did it ? - Probably . - You seem pleased about it . - Check this out . The sightings are starting again . Lights in the sky . Idaho and Nebraska . We better be ready . You can 't do anything , Mary . Don 't you get it ? You want to talk about what happened at the parking lot ? - You were gonna shoot her . - I was going to stop her . That 's not up to you . You 're not gonna let it go , are you ? I can 't . Do you know the story of the Medusa ? You look at her and you turn to stone . Unless you know the secret which you have to be an enlightened warrior to learn . This is going somewhere , right ? If you know the secret ... you can kill her . And then the winged horse , Pegasus , flies from her head and the world becomes a very ... very beautiful place . I used to think we could get something out of this . A new science ... something . I even thought we could get the better of them somehow . But we 're not ready to be anything but spectators in this . Anything more stone . I 'm not giving up , Chet . I 'm gonna find her , and I 'm gonna be more than just a witness to this . MAN ON radio : If it 's really all about the little girl Allie like all your callers are saying . then maybe this isn 't some evil conspiracy after all . Mr Jeffries . Maybe this is all about coming together and moving on . JEFFRlES : Thank you . Bruce from Nebraska . End on a good note . I always say . Are these the last days ? Is it all coming to a head ? The lights are in the sky. and a little girl is out there somewhere on the road . She 's in our thoughts . and she has our prayers . This is William Jeffries saying . " Keep watching the skies and hope for an answer that doesn 't hurt . " lisa : I should 've stopped her . I never should 've let her shut us off . All right , all right . Take a breath . Take a breath . Let her come out of it a little before she travels again . Nobody 's gonna find you here . - What about John ? - Let him rest . Give Allie a couple of days until she 's stronger . My friend will be here by then with the papers , and we can move on . What are you doing ? I can 't stay with you anymore . If I 'm here , sooner or later you 'll be found . Now that you 've turned your signals off once I 'm gone ... none of us will know where you are . You mean no one will be able to find me ? I can 't promise you that . Then at least you 'll get the chance to be the little girl you said you wanted to be . But if things get too difficult if you feel that you can 't stay here any longer , you can find us again . You 'll know . Find the part of you that is us . We 'll hear you , and we 'll come for you . But unless you call us ... we won 't be able to find you . I 'm the one that 's gonna know ? When the time comes ... it 'll be your choice . What I 've learned from doing this what 's changed in me I would never , never do any of this again . This is all my fault . It wasn 't mine to meddle . You wouldn 't have been able to do it if you weren 't supposed to . I 'm very glad I got to see you . Good-bye , Allie . Can I walk with you a minute ? Just to the edge of the woods . This is as far as you should go . Good-bye , Allie . ALLlE : How do you let someone go ? How do you understand that that 's all right . that everything changes ? How do you find a way for that to make you feel good about life instead of breaking your heart ? The hardest thing you 'll ever learn is how to say good - bye . lisa : Allie ? Allie ? Allie ... Allie . Charlie ? Charlie ! What did he do to her ? He did something and just left ! No , I don 't think so . I think she was about to give out anyway . I think he left to protect her ! I had this feeling about John , something he was feeling . When John showed Allie how to block our signals , I think he made it so the aliens couldn 't find us , either . But as long as he stayed with us , sooner or later they were gonna find us . He was part of them ... I don 't know . But I think when he went back , he was giving Allie , giving us all a chance . So we should take it . Maybe they don 't know where she is , either . - That 's a thought , isn 't it ? - You can 't be serious . What if they 're lookin ' for her , too ? Her signal disappeared and then her mother 's . And then the lights appeared . How 's that possible ? She 's with one of them . Good question . So what do you think ? The man driving the camper was Tom Clarke , Lisa 's uncle . Yeah , I thought I recognized him . He 's gettin ' a little long in the tooth . I had the office upload my grandfather 's files , everything we have on Tom Clarke . My-my grandfather went to Texas once . Yeah , and got the bejesus scared out of him by Jacob Clarke , right ? Tom still owns his mother 's farmhouse , the one my grandfather went to to get Jacob . - You think that 's where they 've gone ? - I 'm all for takin ' a look . What if they 're there , Mary ? Then what ? Austin , Texas . Tom Clarke . This is Tom Clarke . I 'm not home right now . but ifyou 'd like to leave a message . just leave it at the tone . Tom Clarke , this is Chet Wakeman . I 'm calling you with a warning . I want to help you . You know , I never would have thought , 50-odd years ago , when we found him in the shed it was all leading towards something like this . They took you , right ? They did . And you stood up to them , didn 't you ? I tried . You stood by Allie and Lisa . This goes way back for you . Grandpa ? My dad , too . They didn 't do us any favours . - Well ... - Sorry . Nothing 's ever simple , is it ? I 'm gonna go inside and see how Allie 's doin ' . What happened ? I called you as soon as I heard . I 've explained a bit of the situation to the local authorities . They 've agreed to yield jurisdiction . How 'd it go in Washington ? In my years as a commanding officer , I find I get the best results from my people when I don 't refer to them as incompetent idiots . People perform best when they 're not riddled with self-doubt . The joint chiefs seem to favour a more direct approach . We got 48 hours to find the girl . I want to thank you for steppin ' up , Captain . Colonel Breck wasn 't up to the challenge , something this-this unusual . Thank you , sir . With all due respect to the colonel , sir , what did he expect ? It 's one thing to expect something , Captain , quite another to have it bite you in the ass . That is one cold and nasty bitch . Clearly , she knows where the little girl is . I imagine she and the doctor both knew , but there was a difference of opinion on what to do about it . That is one cold and nasty bitch . That 's exactly right , General . I made a call to my guy . He 'll be here as soon as the papers are ready . Probably be tomorrow . Then we 'll get you out of here , get you out of the country clean . What is it ? There was this ... there was this message on my machine at home ... from Chet Wakeman , one of the hotshots on the project , the guy who came after you in Seattle . Right . Right . He said he wanted to help us . Then he got cut off . Probably just some sort of bluff , get us to move too quickly . Yeah , probably . Can you get your guy to hurry with the papers ? I already made that call . - This way , Miss Crawford . - Are these really necessary ? For the authorities to feel comfortable handing you over , yeah , they are . Sit down . It disgusts me to have to deal with you . I want that on the table . I understand that . When we 're through all this , I 'm gonna see to it that you 're held accountable for what you 've done . So let 's get to it , then . You knew where the little girl was , and you chose not to tell me . You wanted to keep her for yourself . I thought I 'd use her to re-establish my power base . What changed your mind ? Dr Wakeman . You 've been monitoring the reports from the Northwest , the lights ? Yeah . So far , that 's all they 've been , just some sightings of lights . He thought that this was it , they 're coming for Allie . Why don 't they just take her , then ? Because , at the moment , they don 't know where she is . She 's with one of them , the one from the gas station . Maybe he 's the one who turned her signal off . Maybe he 's protecting her . Why would he be doin ' that ? Remorse ? I came after Allie in a gas station . She escaped with the help of that alien . Allie didn 't do a thing . It sounds like she didn 't have to . No . No . She 's down , General . She 's spent . Suppose I 'm right . Suppose they don 't know where she is . Then , for the moment , they can 't protect her . For the moment . So you want to get to her before they do . I want to finish what we started . After everything you 've done . You know what the stakes are , General . He was going to warn her . Warn her ? You 're gonna have to work with me . You want to take these off ? Tom Clarke 's mother 's house , Lubbock , Texas . This is what we didn 't want you to know . You 've taken this away from me before , and it blew up in your face . When this is over , you can have me arrested , do whatever you think you need to do , but for the moment , you need someone who understands what it is you might be up against . You need me . I want this quick and quiet . Get our people out of Fort Ash and down to Texas . ALLlE : They will be coming soon . coming to try to stop what was going to happen next . But maybe they could be stopped . Maybe something could happen that would make it hard for them to do what they wanted to do . - How is she ? - The same . - You think they 're coming ? - It 's just a matter of time . Well , there 's no point in running unless we have a place to run to . Something like this , the government can only do because nobody 's watching . - That 's what you always said . - Yeah . I have an idea . How far do you have to go to make a phone call ? Who are you going to call , Charlie ? I 'm not going to call anybody . You are . JEFFRlES : I 've never been inside a UFO , never met one of these creatures , and yet I believe with all my heart that this is real . Why ? Because I do not believe that hundreds of thousands of people could tell the same lie . If this next caller 's who I think it is , folks , we 're in for a real treat . " Tom Clarke back again , " it says here on my screen . To what do we owe the pleasure ? Did you find something in Idaho ? Talk to me , and I 'll talk to you . It 's about that little girl the army 's been looking for . We been gettin lots of calls about her . The people who have been calling are telling the truth . I know this little girl . I was hoping your listeners could help us out . I believe we have a lot to talk about , Tom , but I have to pay my bills first , so if you 'd just hang on ... you still there , Tom ? I 'm here . Listen , Tom , we 're off the air now . This little girl ... I 've been getting these really extreme calls out of Seattle . What can you tell me about her ? For starters ... she 's my niece . It 's done . JEFFRlES : I 've got information about this girl you 've heard about on the news , on this program , and , as usual , you 're not gettin ' the whole story . This little girl , she 's a piece of the sky , my friends . Have you been taken ? Well , so has she . Have you had experiences beyond human comprehension ? Same 's true of Allie . This little girl. my friends. she may hold the key to an understanding of all that you 've gone through . The government believes it . That 's why Allie 's not safe because they 're not going to rest till they have her in their hands where they can look at her . try to figure out what this is all about . That 's why she needs your help . They can do what they do because they can do it in secret . They don 't have to stand in the light of day . If you 're on the road tonight , turn your car toward the state of Texas . If you 're in bed , get up and get dressed because they 're not gonna be able to touch her if there are witnesses . The government must be on the road already . but we have to get out there first to save this little girl . So many of you call me , e-mail me , write to me , and you 're starving for an answer . You want to know why you were taken , what this has all been about . We 're gonna save one child. my friends . and. in doing so . we may just learn that answer . Tom , Lisa , you should come see this . Their target is a little girl . Her name is Allie . She 's the focus of our government and of a race of aliens that have been visiting this planet since the late 1940s . This is the girl in question . While the government has offered a reward for information that may help them to find her . army officials deny any connection between their search for the girl and reports of troop movements from Fort Ash . Mr Jeffries. do you believe that this troop movement is related to the government search for the girl ? We have come here to Texas to see this little girl and to understand what 's been going on for all these years . Super-secret missions , government conspiracies involving UFOs and aliens ? It may all be a bit hard to swallow , but Jeffries is not alone in his belief . Tom ? Tom Clarke ? Thanks for comin ' , Bill . This is really something . I guess people really do listen to the radio at 4.00 in the morning . How 's your niece ? One of these people happened to be a doctor . She 's in there with her right now . Good . This might be a little beyond my medical capabilities . Can she travel ? Look , I 'm a multiple abductee myself . I 've been taken repeatedly since I was seven , but I ... I still don 't even really know what we 're dealing with here . This might be something better suited to their medicine than to ours . No ! No way in hell is she going anywhere near them . We 'll-we 'll find a way to help her here . Okay ... okay . I 'll leave you folks alone with your little girl . You try to be strong for your kid , you know ? " I 'm your mum . I can take care of everything . I can keep you safe . " But really , you know , there 's nothing you can do . You can 't keep them safe from anything at all . Hey ... you 've done a lot . We 're gonna be all right . Tom 's got it all set up for us . His friend brings out the papers , and we disappear into the sunset . I spent my childhood disappearing . I 'm pretty good at it . - Nina . - Hi . Oh , my God ! I can 't believe you 're really here . Denny heard about it on the radio . God , is she all right ? No , she 's not all right at all , Nina . It was a series of miracles , that 's what it was . The things that happened , what they did to us , it was just a series of miracles , and the things that she can do - there 's a kindness to her power , an intention to do good . I was really angry . I still am , I guess . But what we saw , and what she did - I 'm with these people . After what I did to them , I 'm here with them . They were able to forgive me . That 's because of her . This is as close as we can get without getting the attention of the crowd . We 'll treat this like a riot situation , have the guards go in first , get the crowd out of there . Still , you gotta admire the move . We 're tryin ' to fly under the radar , and they put up a wall of people between us and the little girl . She must really mean a lot to those folks . Goin ' through these lengths . We 'll move in tonight . Video message waiting ... Hey. there. toots . I programmed this file to send if I didn 't delete it in 24 hours . I guess I didn 't delete it . which I guess means ... you deleted me . I kinda saw that one comin ' . You must be headed in for the final wing ding about now . God . I wish I could be there . There 's something I wanted to share with you . We 're all so desperate for meaning. aren 't we ? All of us . You. too . Mary ... even if you think you 're not . You want answers . and in that way . I think the aliens are gonna disappoint you . Here 's the stone truth of it . They 're still asking the same questions we are . No one is God here . We 're all in the same boat . That was our life together . wasn 't it ? We asked questions . I used to love the way you ... I used to love the way you 'd get that faraway look in your eye whenever you were workin ' something out . We could have been happy . Mary . I really believe that ... If only you 'd just let it go . That 's another question for them. isn 't it ? What is it that makes us so screwed up ? Why do we do the things we do ? Well. maybe ... they can create something better than the sum of its parts . Allie belongs with them . We 're not ready for the knowledge they have . It would destroy us . Look at me . Guess in the end . I turned out to be something of a humanist . You 're shakin ' your head. right ? See ? You do love me . What brought you here ? As soon as I heard what was happening with the little girl , I-I knew I had to be here . - How long do you think you 'll stay ? - As long as it takes . - And you ? - We all feel it . I don 't know if any of us could tell you exactly why , but we all knew we had to be here . It 's kind of hard to explain if you haven 't been taken , but ... we all knew we had to be here . The girl , Allie , is inside this house . Some say she 's resting , others say she 's dying . The question we haven 't been able to answer yet is what does she mean to this group of abductees , people who believe they 've been taken ? I really appreciate you doing this for me . No problem . Good luck , Tom . This is all of it - passports , visas . We have a car waiting for you in the woods . An old back road leads all the way to Highway 177 . Dale and I took it this morning . It leads all the way past the army . We came out on the other side . They weren 't any the wiser . You ready ? We went to the sporting goods store and cleared out the hunting section . If anyone tries to hurt our little girl , they 're gonna have to come through us first . I don 't want you to do that . Allie ? Tom , could I talk to her ? Just for a moment . No . Please go back to your cars ! Bill , please help me get these people ... Folks , please ... Uh ... uh ... she 's not ready to talk to us yet . She 's just not ready . - You all right ? - I 'm fine . Listen , we 're gonna get out of here . We 're going someplace where none of this matters , okay ? Everything 's ready . We gotta go . No , not now . I want to talk to them . Hi . I know you 're all scared , and you don 't have to be scared anymore . Honey ... honey ... you don 't have to do this . All you have to be is my little girl . The rest of it , it doesn 't have to happen . You don 't have to do anything . They 're scared . They need something . You don 't have to be the one to give it to them . I think maybe I do . You have something in your heads . It lets them know where you are . I can shut them off . When they shut off , they 'll fall out . Don 't be scared . ALLlE : They won 't come for you anymore . They won 't be able to find you . No one 's going to take you . It doesn 't seem right to , uh , interfere with us the way they did . Maybe not to us , but if we saw this from someplace else , it was just time for this to happen . For what to happen ? Me . Listen to me ! All of you ! All of you , listen to me ! They 're not gonna do anything ! There 's too many of us here ! Do you want to help ? Stay in front of the porch ! Go to the mayor now . Get me the wireless unit . Attention ! This area is under federal control ! Please make yourselves available for immediate relocation to a debriefing area . Your vehicles and personal belongings ... You don 't listen to that ! It 's a lie ! You stay right here ! Stay right in front of the porch ! Right here ! Stay in front of Allie . Stay right here . Stay in front of Allie . We 're stronger together ! Stay in front of the porch . Just so you know , a lot of us are armed and willing to give our lives to protect Allie or take some if we have to . Get out of here now . Put your plan into action . We 'll do what has to be done . charlie : Thanks . They 're here in force , come out of the night to put the monster back in the box . We better get back inside . No ... Allie ... Are they gonna come for you now ? John left that up to me . Do you think if we 'd been regular people , Charlie would have lived with us , and we could have been a family ? I know that would have happened . I don 't want to go . I want to stay here with you . Then stay ! We 've got a plan . We can get out of here right now ! It 'll be okay . Give the command . Troops ... advance ! Here they come . After a little girl , ladies and gentlemen ! Please disperse immediately ! Ifyou do not disperse . you will be in violation of Federal Ordinance 860 ... endangering of public welfare ... Oh , Allie . Allie , please , please don 't . Please . You heard Dale . If I stay here , people will kill each other . I don 't want that to happen because of me . Then we 'll go away . We have a plan . Where could we go ? This would all just happen again . Allie , Allie , listen to me . I am not gonna let that happen . We 're gonna get Charlie , and we 're gonna get out of here . We 'll figure out a way . There 's nothing we can do . We 're a family now . We can try . We were always a family . General . I didn 't ask for this ! I want to be a little girl ! I just want to be a little girl ! They 're really coming this time aren 't they ? Charlie ... I 'm glad you turned out to be my dad . I love you . I love you , too , Daddy . I have to go . No . No , I can 't . I can 't , I can 't . I won 't let you . I won 't let you go . You ... you said this was all meant to be . And I meant all of it . - This part , too . - I can 't stand this . I have to go . And I said I wouldn 't ever let you go . I love you , honey every day and twice on Sundays . I love you , too , Mama . Is she makin ' this all up ? Is this just another screen ? This is no screen , General . This is real . Can you stop them ? Can you stop them ? ! Please ! You gotta do something . This is my family . That 's my daughter ! We can 't . Allie belongs with them ... her and the knowledge of how they did all this . I 'm sorry . - That , too . - No . This is a record of everything . Even if we lose the little girl , at least we 'll still have this . Sooner or later , we 'll know what they know . Exactly . You 're the one who was gonna see this through to the end . I did . Sir ! Let her see the rest of this . She deserves that much . ALLlE : I don 't know what will happen next . I don 't know what I 'm going to be . what I 'm going to learn . but what I do know is this - Iife. all life . is about asking questions . not about knowing answers . It is wanting to see what 's over the next hill that keeps us all going . We have to keep asking questions . wanting to understand . Even when we know we 'll never find the answers . we have to keep on asking the questions . Excuse me . Did you know the little girl or her family personally ? No , I didn 't . I just came to see what the deal was . Sir , shall we pick up the mother and father ? The mother and father ? You 're talkin ' about the little girl 's parents ? Yes , sir , her parents . They must have slipped away in all the excitement . I don 't see them anywhere . Neither do I , sir . Shall I tell the JTF guys to head back to Fort Bliss ? I don 't see why not , Captain . There 's nothin ' for us here . Thought you might want this . She did all right , Lis . She took the other one with her . She took the other star . She 's gonna be back , Charlie . She really is . She 's gonna be back . ALLlE : My mother always talked to me a lot about the sky . She liked to watch the clouds in the day and the stars at night . Especially the stars . We would play a game sometimes . a game called " What 's beyond the sky ? " We would imagine darkness or a blinding light or something else that we didn 't know how to name . But. of course . that was just a game . There 's nothing beyond the sky . The sky just is . and it goes on and on . and we play all of our games beneath it . # Just before it gets dark # # When the light still hangs in the sky # # The day 's not quite come # # All its promises still in your own eyes # # Between the time your mother calls # # And the time you put the ball away # # There 's a lifetime to be lived # # And a world where every dream is here to stay # # Just before the night comes # # And you run back to the safety of your world # # Just before it gets dark # # You can believe in every story ever told # # In those last precious moments # # There 's a beauty no one wants to give away # # Well , nothin ' lasts forever # # But those moments keep forever far away # # Just before it gets dark # # Before you grow old # # Before you 're too old to pretend # # Just before it gets dark # # And you know your dreams will not come back again # # Hold on # # Hold on tight # # And I promise you , baby # # It 'll all be all right # # I promise you , baby # # It 'll all be all right #
