 ( monitor beeping ) ( panting ) MAN : Secondary system 's up . The little girl 's in this revved-up REM state . I 've never seen anything like it . You check for equipment malfunction ? First thing . This is her brain- - live and in person . She 's working hard at something . What do we got ? No further indication of energy from the craft since that last burst . Is it dead ? Interesting choice of words . Doctor , I need to know how much danger my men are in . What I don 't need is your mouth . If they were fixin ' to do something , they would have done it when they took Miss Crawford . - They 're done . We 're moving in . - You 'd be jeopardizing Mary- - Miss Crawford . You and I both know Miss Crawford made that choice when she ran for the craft . You never should have stopped me . I should 've gotten her . We stand a better chance of helping her if we keep going this way . We don 't know if that 's true . All I know is , that 's my daughter down there . How do I get to that farmhouse ? My daughter 's in that farmhouse . How do I get down there ? You gotta climb down the side of the mountain here . Let 's keep coming around back- - They won 't be able to see us with that thing in the ground . We should get out of here . I 'm just a hunting guide . This is way out of my league . I know it 's your kid down there , but ... We 're going . I 'm sorry . We 've got the cameras up . Good . All right , men , remember your training . Stay cool . Okay , move into positions . Men . We need to know what you see . When you see it . This is a reconnaissance . if you see anything . don 't engage unless they stand it . Rogen that . Approach the craft with extreme caution . Look for any indications of activity . Roger . Walker , take a team and go . Williams , Keel , Pierce , Ryan , Mack- - let 's move out . Lisa , wait . Lisa , are you okay ? Lisa . Yeah ... Yeah . Come on . Lisa ? Allie 's all right . She 's doing something very ... very hard . Sweet Jesus , that 's big . Sir . We 're 20 yards from the perimeter . The craft appears to be dead . All night . Men . Proceed and look for an opening . What the hell happened ? Where 's your image ? I can 't seem to locate the problem . Nothing wrong with the equipment . Get me a picture , soldier . Come on ! Would any of you nice young people like one of my Toll House cookies ? Lieutenant ! Mum ? Command . We 'ne not sure exactly what we just saw . but some sort of opening has appeared in the craft . We 've got you on video . Lost you . Command . How do you hear ? Okay . Here we go . Let 's get it together . And , Walker ... stay alert , stay alive . Roger . We 're going in . Here we go , fellas . What are we supposed to do when we get there , knock on the side and say , " Open up " ? WALKER : I guess we do whatever we can . Walker . Walker ! Walker ? Lost coms . They 're flying blind . Let God be with them . Did you kids change your mind about the cookies ? What the hell is this , Pierce ? I don 't know . Maybe it 's heaven . It 's not heaven at all . It 's West Virginia . Now come in and have some cookies . This isn 't real , Pierce . None of this is real . I know . I don 't care . Walker , that 's my mum . I know she 's dead . I don 't care . I don 't care what 's real . You 'll shoot your eye out . Are you sure you don 't want a cookie ? Lieutenant ... let 's go . It feels like ... a thousand voices all talking at once . Dr Wakeman , have you noticed any fluctuations in the girl 's- - Not now . You might want to consider a more cooperative attitude . Miss Crawford came here against my express orders . You , on the other hand , were invited to assist us . Miss Crawford left you out here , doctor . She left you , and now she 's in there , jeopardizing your years of research as much as she 's jeopardizing my operation . Is that what he 's doing ? I 'm ... I 'm okay . - Be still . - ( gasps ) Ma 'am . Hold it right there . Don 't move . I see your father in you . Not enough to ruin things . Your father really should have taken a closer look at you . But he was too busy staring at his own navel to appreciate what he had . You 've done all right to get this far , Mary . You 've done fine . Here , have a cookie . They 're really good . How is this happening ? They go into your head , and they pull things out . You 've seen pictures of me . You have an idea of how you want me to be . In my day , we called them " projections , " I think now you call them " screen memories . " There are so many things I want to ask you ... But I suppose I 'd just be asking myself . Give it a try . You might find out something about yourself you never knew . I 've done things , terrible things . - You had to . - Why ? To learn about them ? To see them ? What ? Because of your overwhelming sense of their power . Because you truly know the future lies with them . Do you have another idea ? They made this girl , Allie , because they weren 't complete without us , without ... without something we could give them . Either way , their power is what compels you . I know the feeling . You want to be a part of that power at all cost . You don 't need that doctor boyfriend of yours anymore , Mary . You can 't trust him , and you know more now than he does . Trust your gut , your instincts , and you 'll be fine . Believe me . No . You 're me . You 're saying what I want you to say . I 'm saying what you know . They 're gonna win , aren 't they ? What makes you think it 's a contest ? My mother told me once that she was kind of frightened of you , that you were a scary guy . I never thought of myself as scary . I don 't see it , either . What I see is a man who couldn 't live up to his dreams . What do you mean ? You had this--all of it . You had Jacob Clarke . You had him , and you let him go . - You think I had him ? - You did . You don 't know what happened . That little boy frightened you . He frightened you so badly that you let him go . You let him go , and you spent the rest of your life running from whatever it was you saw . - It 's not that simple . - It couldn 't be simpler . You saw something that frightened you , and you ran . You 're right , I did see something . You want to know what scared me so badly ? Yes . That 's what I want to know . You want to know what I saw ? Yes , damn it , I want to know what you saw ! Then look at me , Mary . Look at me . ( screaming and sobbing ) You sure you don 't want a cookie , Mary ? Found these two in the woods , sir . My God . You know these people ? Allie 's mother and father . Put ' em somewhere where they can 't bother anybody . Take him , too . I don 't want anybody else deciding to run and play in the spaceship . Any of ' em gives you any trouble at all , shoot ' em . That 's it , let 's go . Let 's go . Lisa , talk to me , Lisa . So you 're Charlie . You don 't use the last name " Keys , " do you ? There was a time when a great deal of money and technology went into looking for you . Kind of a boost to the old ego , wouldn 't you say ? If we have time when this is over , I 'd like a moment to knock you on your ass . Oh , yes--a fighter . No-nonsense . That 's what they always liked about the Keys family- - you guys had ' tude . Your fight 's not with me anymore , Chuck . The soldier boys took over . It 's a whole new ball game now . Lisa , are you all right ? All these voices ... more and more . It 's too hard ... just a little longer ... You still think this is all some kind of weird experiment ? I think you ought to ask me later is what I think , sir . ( gasps ) Get ' em off ! Get ' em off ! Get ' em off me ! Walker ! Walker ! They 're not real ! They 're in your head ! They 're in your head ! Okay , yeah . Did I also tell you guys that I 'm really , really scared of rabid dogs and cobras ? Joke . It was a joke . Let 's move out . Alle ihne eninnenungen und alle ihne angste . Miss Crawford- - How do we know it 's really her ? Alle ihne eninnenungen und alle ihne angste . All your memories and all your fears . ( guns firing ) WALKER : Come in , Colonel ! Come in ! - SOLDIER : Anybody copy ? - We 're here . Say again . They 're everywhere ! Lieutenant Williams , get your people out of there ! Look at that . Walker , withdraw from the objective . Pull back now . Williams , do you copy ? WALKER : Does anybody copy ? They 're coming out of the walls . Sir . ( panting heavily ) Keel ! Pierce ! Any stations . Do you copy ? MAN : What 's that ? ( rumbling ) Oh , my God . MAN : Hold steady , guys . Come on , come on . Fall back ! Fall back ! Fall back ! ( yelling orders ) SOLDIER : What do we do , sir ? Lisa . Lisa . Lisa . Lisa . I guess they got what they came for . That little girl is gone . ALLIE : When i was very little . my mother would read runseny rhymes to me . i always hated Humpty Dumpty . That 's a veny scany poem . No one knows how to put it back togethen again- - not all the king 's horses on all the king 's men . No one wants to think that there 's anything in the world that could fall apart that badly . but . Of course ... anything can . i guess that 's what 's so scary about Humpty Dumpty . Move the troops and weapons out of here quick . I don 't want to be here when and if the media comes to see about this so-called toxic spill . We 'll debrief at Fort Ash . And , Colonel ... we were never here . Bring the mother and father , too . We 're gonna need to talk to them . They 're our only link to the girl . We don 't have a prayer in hell , do we ? Just get it all done ASAP . Sir , I found this in the back of the Humvee that Miss Crawford was in . You want to tell me what this is ? It 's theirs . No kidding . Get me Wakeman . Peters , send in Wakeman . You showed this to the little girl , didn 't you ? Damn it . Mary , you all right ? What happened ? What did you see ? What can you tell me about this , doctor ? Nice ... very nice . What is it ? Ahem ... it gathers information , responds to stimuli . It could be a recording device ... could be a brain . Just keep it up , doctor . You and Miss Crawford withheld valuable information . In my opinion , your actions and those of Miss Crawford are directly responsible for the failure of this mission . Nice to have someone to blame when things go wrong , huh ? Put ' em in the truck with the others and take ' em back to Fort Ash ! Maybe the ride will give ' em a little time to consider the consequences of being uncooperative . - Let 's go . - Ma 'am . I want two guards on them at all times . Where are we being taken ? She needs medical attention . I don 't need anything . Charlie , it 's gonna be all right . These two are coming with me . Lieutenant , I would like you to join us . What , you 're not even gonna try and find Allie ? They just take her away , and that 's that ? What would you suggest ? I don 't know . Just come with me , Charlie . It 's gonna be all right . You drive . I ride in the back with the mother . Can you tell me about it ? I don 't want to talk about it , Chet , I really don 't . I 'm sorry about the artefact . I was guarded . I couldn 't get to it . It 's not important anymore . How can you say that ? You saw it . It was working overtime . Something is still going on . When you went into that ship , what did you see ? Bugs . Cockroaches . Something you 're afraid of ? It 's been a thing with me ever since I was a kid . And the other soldier ? Pierce . He saw his mother . We all did . Turn around . Turn around ! Stop the truck and get the general on the radio . You 'll have to sit down . I don 't have to do anything . What you have to do is turn this truck around , unless you want to tell the general you refused to go back and get the girl . Stop the truck . Stop the truck ! Get on the radio and see if you can get the general . Honk your horn . Maybe he 'll see us . ( honk honk ) General Beers , do you copy ? Why are we stopping ? Where the hell 's the mother and father ? They 're with you , sir . What ? They were with you , sir . I can explain this to you , but you 're not gonna like it . They put the farmhouse back . They never took it away . See if the little girl is inside . ( soldiers shout orders ) What 's the meaning of this ? Do you see it ? There was nothing . No craft , no aliens--nothing . Everything we saw and just went through , it all came out of our heads . She took it . Allie took it . Our wishes , our dreams , our fears ... our memories . Then she played them all back . Is that possible , doctor ? You ever played tick-tack-toe with a chicken ? It 's something you do at county fairs . You see , when you pick a square , it releases feed into the spot where the chicken should go next . What you see from out there with all the suckers is a game of tick-tack-toe . But what the chicken sees from inside the game is a very different level of reality . So none of this really happened ? This little girl can manifest thought . That 's as simply as I know how to put it . Then find a way to put it more simply . She fooled us , General . Pure and simple . The house is clear . I 'm gonna check the perimeter . You with me . Check the back . Then where is she ? This is the part you 're definitely not gonna like . Sir , where am I going ? Where we 're going is back to find our daughter . Now get out ! Get out ! You don 't have to go anywhere . I don 't know what you did , honey , but you sure did it . Hey ... hey . Hey , honey . They wanted to use me to make the ship come down . I know . I thought if I could make them think that I 'd gone- - that I had been taken- - they would stop looking for me and everything could just go back to the way it was . It 's all right . It 's gonna be all right . But they were gonna take you away . Don 't . You did great . They 're gonna figure it out . And they 're gonna come looking for me again . Just ' cause they 're looking doesn 't mean they 'll find you . Charlie 's right . We are not gonna let them get you again . I 'm scared . Sweetheart ... I just wanted to say ... I don 't know what happened back there and I don 't think I ever will , but seeing my mum again- - what you did for me was a pure kindness , and I 'll always thank you for it . Soldiers coming . Allie , can you help us ? Nothing 's happening . She 's exhausted . Come here . I 'm sorry about hitting you . You really care about Allie , don 't you ? Yeah . She needs your help . Took off over those hills about ten minutes ago . SOLDIER : Load up ! Okay , just to recap- - we got a giant craft- - a mothership , if you will- - that everyone saw but wasn 't really there at all because she made it all up . And then , while we 're standing around with our thumbs up our collective asses , she waltzes up looking just like me and takes off with her parents . That about sum it up ? Perimeter sealed ? Soldiers at every access . We 'll find ' em . If you do find them , General , then what will you do ? When Allie did what she did , when she manifested the ship and everything in it , she demonstrated a power far beyond anything the aliens themselves are capable of . So what , do we pack up our tents and go home ? I see it more as , uh ... sit back and enjoy the show . What happened , soldier ? They overpowered me , sir . They overpowered me and got away . Wonderful . Allie ? Thought them soldiers would never leave . I 've been up there watching you guys for a couple hours . You just gonna stand there waiting for me to apologize , or are you gonna get in the damn truck ? What did they do to that poor little girl ? ALLIE : i had done what i could . i tried to make the soldiers think that their plan to use me as bait hadn 't worked . that i had been taken away . i thought that if i could make them believe that i was gone . Then they wouldn 't bother me anymore . and i could go back to who i used to be . But too much had happened to all of us by then for anything to go back to how it was . Well , this is as far as I go . Just leave me here and keep on going . You might need all them rich-boy tents and stuff in back . Thank you . Have you got a car around here ? In the parking lot of the bar . You better give me the keys . I 'll put it somewhere where they won 't find it right away . There 's something I gotta say here . I saw something that I never thought I 'd see . And as for me running out on you up there , I- - No . - You take care of your little girl . - Thanks . I hope this ends well for you . Thank you . Now go on . Get out of here . Okay . That 's everything , right ? Hey . Hello . How ya doin ' ? I 'm all right . You helped her escape , didn 't you ? No ... I didn 't . I know you did . I can either tell the colonel , or you and I can talk . They overpowered me . Sure they did . She told me you could be trusted- - Allie--when I was with her . She told me if things got out of hand , that you were a good guy , and you 'd been nice to her . I don 't understand . You 've noticed I 'm not exactly on good terms with your general . I was opposed to this entire operation- - taking a little girl and using her as bait . It 's sick . It 's all right . Like I said , she told me you were a good guy . I 'm not asking just to know . I 'm worried about her . Worried ? If you had to help her , that means she couldn 't help herself . Do you mean , like , look like someone who wasn 't there ? For example . If she 's weak or sick , she may need my help . She tried to do something , but she couldn 't . So she 's weak . Is she gonna be all right ? I 'm sure she 'll be just fine . - WOMAN : Here you go , come on . - ( dog barks ) - BO Y : Got it , Dad . - Brought your favourite right here . How 's she doing ? She 's asleep . My father had some of what Allie has . My Uncle Tom--he said that using his abilities made my dad weak . That 's what killed him . She 's not your father . She 's got other things in her . Your blood ? Yeah , and your mum 's . Lisa , there 's a reason this all leads up to her . Maybe she can handle it . We don 't know that . What if she never gets better ? What if she just burned herself out and this is all that 's left ? Then we 'll get her some help . Who are we gonna get to help her ? The first thing is to get off the road , get someplace safe . My uncle and I have a plan . If things get bad enough , I put an ad in the personals of the New Yonk Times- - " Drummer seeks gig in country-western band . " Then Tom gets a message to me about where to meet him . How does he do that ? Talk radio . A guy named William Jeffries has a late-night talk show about aliens , government conspiracies- - Crazy stuff . Right . And my uncle , having written these books about aliens and government conspiracies ... Jeffries is always glad to take his call . Then we 'll place an ad . I got it . Thanks . Nothing . Not on the little girl or her mother ? No signal ? What does that mean ? I 'd say it means that Allie was the point of all this , and now that she 's demonstrated , they don 't care about anyone else . - I want her back . - You don 't have the means . Find her for me . Are you asking me back into the fold , General ? Would you like for us to work together again ? This little girl is the product of three generations of selective breeding , of a genetic experiment on an unparalleled scale . Once they produced her , they sat back for nine more years . I would suggest to you that they were waiting for a moment when all that was latent in her would become active . When she did what she did here- - made us see the craft- - that was her " demonstrating " ? They saw the power they 'd been waiting to see . This little girl- - this extremely powerful little girl- - I don 't need to point out how important she is to us . There 's a big leap from looking at the sun to making a hydrogen bomb . In between , you just go blind . I 'm gonna find that little girl , with or without your help . And when you find her , then what ? When this started , you asked us just how powerful she was . She did this , she did all this , General , and I believe she 's just getting started . In a war , Miss Crawford , you don 't run away just because the enemy has superior firepower . Do you really still see this as a war ? I told you that before , yes . It 's between us and them . I can help you win it . I can help you find the girl . Mary- - Your soldier Pierce helped her get away . He helped her because she was too weak to help herself . She 's weak now . You can pick her up . But when she gets strong again , she 'll be unstoppable . You 're thinking , " I can get to the girl . Why do I need this bitch in the mix ? " I don 't use the expression " in the mix . " When I showed her the artefact- - that thing my grandfather found at Roswell- - she saw something that frightened her deeply . I know what she saw . Do you ? I know because I saw it , too , and it frightened me . It 's what my grandfather saw . And you 're not sharing ? I agree that this is a war , and we 're fighting an enemy we can 't possibly defeat , not with any of the means at our disposal . But that little girl is much more powerful than they are . Here 's the kicker- - I know how to talk her into working for us . What are you doing ? I told him what he wanted to hear . It sounded pretty real to me . We 'll give them just enough truth to hang themselves . You 'll help him use Allie to stop them ? That 's what I told him , yes . I think that 's what you want now , too . That 's not what I want at all . What scared you ? What did you see ? It 's like a walk through a mine field , isn 't it ? - What is ? - Life . When you start out , there 's just a few mines- - childhood diseases , falls from high places- - then you hit adolescence , and there 's more mines- - drugs , unprotected sex , drunk drivers , lonely kids with guns- - and the older you get , the more mines you see , and all you 're trying to do is get to the other side of the field , but that 's not possible , is it ? No , because the more you look , the more mines you see . Pretty soon , you realize that there 's nowhere left to step . Mary ... what did you see ? What did I see ? I saw where all the mines were . I saw everything I 'd ever done , everything that had ever happened to me . I saw where all this would end . That 's what Owen saw . That 's what destroyed him . I 'm not folding like my grandfather did . Did what I see frighten me ? Of course it did . Will it stop me ? No . Everybody dies . Don 't worry about the general , sweetheart . We 'll keep him around for as long as we have to . Once we have Allie on our side , he doesn 't stand a chance . What 's Allie scared of ? You said you thought the artefact was gathering information . Well , say that 's their record of this whole experiment , everything they 've done and intend to do here . You 'll agree that Allie is the end result of that . - She 's what this is all about ? - Of course . I think she saw her own destiny . I think she saw what they want her to do , and I don 't think she likes it . ( cheering ) Happy birthday , Allie ! Allie , happy birthday . Yee-haw . We 're so glad to have you back , Allie . We never want you to go away again . ( cheering continues ) Look at all the presents ! Look at all of your friends ! This is where you belong . This is where you should stay . We can all be one happy family . ALL : Stay with us , Allie . ( all talk at once ) I can 't ! I can 't . ( breathing heavily ) ( truck door closes ) You 're not going to come inside ? If somebody comes , what are you gonna do ? I don 't know . I want to keep watch . They had no right to do any of this . No . Our lives don 't belong to them , Lisa . There 's gotta be a way to stop this . You 're a good guy . I 'm glad you 're with us . Mum . Honey , you feeling better ? Can I talk to you for a minute ? Yeah . This is all getting pretty scary , huh ? When those people took me- - the ones that thought they could trick the spaceship into coming down- - Yeah . Do you remember that woman ? You know , the one that I went with at Dr Penzler 's ? Right . She said that her family and our family had known each other for a long time , that her grandfather knew your grandma . She had this thing that her grandfather had found when the spaceship crashed a long time ago . What sort of thing ? It was a piece of some sort of metal . It was more than that , though . It was part of them . I could feel in her head that it was important , that she had done a lot of things to get it . She asked me to read it to her . Could you ? No ... but I felt like I understood it . It made me feel like I was with all of them . Does that make sense ? If you felt it , then , yes , it does . She asked me to touch it , but I didn 't . Why not ? When I looked at it , I saw things . What ... kind of things ? ( softly ) Things that are going to happen . Mummy ... Yeah ? I just want to stay here with you . You are gonna stay here with me , okay ? - I won 't be long . - Okay . An army spokespenson said that the little girl and her parents had inadvertertly wandered into an area under quarantine after a toxic spill . What about that little girl ? Whoever heard something like that ? Army chasing after a kid ? The little girl may have come in contact with something that is extremely dangerous . Sounds like some sort of secret biological hoodoo . One of those , like , flesh-eating viruses where you bleed out your eyeballs . The Bush Administnation has issued a statement flatly denying the gnowing numouns of some sort of biological weapons test . What did I just say ? Flesh-eating virus . ... you 'ne urged to contact the FBI or your nearest army barracks with details . There is a substantial reward for any information leading to her whereabouts . Tell me how substantial that reward is , maybe I 'll forget about the extremely dangerous- - Dude , your change ! What the heck crawled up his butt ? ... driving a silver GMC Sierra . Again . If you have any information on the girl on her parents- - First thing we gotta do is get rid of this truck . We 'll take backroads , we won 't camp at sites . My mum and I moved around a lot , so I 've got experience with this kind of thing . Well , it seems to have stopped thinking for the moment . I know it shut down . What I want to know is , why ? Your grandfather tried to have it translated , right ? My father , too . Any luck ? You really should have told me about this earlier . Trust is the basis for all healthy relationships . I didn 't think we knew each other well enough . You two can work on your relationship on your own time . What can I tell you ? I take my work home with me . The artefact never came on when either your father or grandfather had it , right ? My father certainly never mentioned it . We 're gonna translate it . We 're gonna learn how to speak alien . The best way to crack any code is to know what they 're trying to say . This thing came on to record Allie 's demonstration of power . So then everything that happened in North Dakota should be on there right now . Or a recipe for chicken a la grey . I think we can do this and make this work . We 're gonna need a team of linguists , cryptologists- - Mathematicians ? The Fibonacci Sequence again . I 'm glad you find it so promising . Why don 't see if it starts off by telling me where I can find the little girl ? The place is deserted . You 'll be safe here . Okay . You should probably give me all the money . Right . All we got . Charlie ... Be safe , okay ? We need you . Well , I could maybe give you that Datsun over there . Does it run ? On a wing and a prayer . You figure I 'm asking a lot , wanting you to take a truck with no papers ... Yeah , I do . Even though it 's fully tricked-out , less than 20,000 miles on it ? All the more reason to be dubious , my friend . I need something reliable . And I need a vehicle I don 't have to strip into parts to see a profit . You and I both know that , stripped down to parts , this truck will get you at least $ 15,000 . I have a feeling you couldn 't stand to watch a profit like that drive away . Why don 't I just turn you in ? Then the cops take the truck . Look , the only way this works out for you is if you cut a deal with me . All right . You look around and tell me what will meet your needs . I 'll go juggle some numbers , see what I can do . ( radio plays ) Hi there . Oh , uh ... just coffee . You sure you don 't want anything else ? Our early bird hasn 't killed too many people this week . Coffee 's fine . Let me get this mess for you . Oh , man . I 'm so sorry . No . Here , let me- - Forget it ! Forget it ! Let me help . No . I gotta go wash this crap off . Let me help you . I think you 've done enough . Lousy cup of coffee , and you 're this much work ? You could 've ordered something . Getting hungry ? Yeah . Charlie should be back with some real food soon . He 's been gone a long time . I know . Here . Feeling better ? I 'm okay . Don 't , uh ... Don 't do anything for a while , even if people come for us , okay ? I don 't think I can yet . Well , don 't try . I thought you might want to have ... this . I knew I 'd find you . I knew I 'd be able to bring it to you . You 're gonna have a hell of a lot to write about . Yeah . " Yeah " ? That 's all you got from me ? Yeah ... Yeah . Probably just Charlie . Do you know how to use that ? Not a clue . But if I point it at someone , they 're not gonna know that . You stay here . I 'll go see who they are and what they want . And , baby ... don 't do anything . I can take care of this . Hello , Allie . Allie ? Allie ? Get away from my daughter right now ! Hello , Lisa . Please , don 't be frightened . I 'm your grandfather . Your grandmother gave this to me a long time ago . ( truck approaching ) ( radio playing ) ( men yelling ) Whoo ! Yeah ! We know you 've got that little girl in there ! Come on out ! Dude , turn that up . Maybe they can 't hear us . Stay here . Let me take care of this . THUG : Get out here . Want us to come in there and get you ? Come on out . Got a little surprise for you . Come on out before we come in ! Yeah . We 've come about the little girl . There 's no little girl here . It 's just me . You 're lying . We followed you up from Halsey . We saw the guy take off in his truck . You and your friends should go away . There 's nothing here for you but trouble . This trouble supposed to be coming from you , huh ? Bang . Who the hell are you ? Huh ? Who the hell are you ? What the hell are you doing ? Make him stop . Shoot him ! Shoot him , somebody ! Shoot him ! Shoot him ! Shoot him ! Shoot him ! Somebody shoot him ! Allie ? Go away ! Go away now ! Allie , what are you doing ? Stop it , please ! Stop it . Get out of here ! ( all yelling at once ) ( tyres squeal ) What the hell is going on ? These guys came for Allie . She scared them off . CHARLIE : Who 's that ? Allie 's ... great-grandfather . You mean he 's- - They shot him . Good . He was trying to help . Help ? He 's the one who 's responsible for this whole thing . We wouldn 't need his help if he hadn 't started this . What do you want , huh ? What the hell do you want ? ! Charlie , stop it ! Let 's go . People are gonna come looking for this truck . What about him ? Leave him . Leave him and let 's go . We can 't just leave him here . Sweetheart , he 's not our friend . That doesn 't matter . It 's not the right thing to do . Can 't just leave him . No , sir , I don 't have another explanation . We didn 't get information about the vehicle until this morning . Thankfully , there 's been no media circus yet . Yes , I appreciate that fact , sir . Thank you , sir . " You can 't get re-elected if people perceive you as beatable . " Put that in the quote book right next to " Ask not what your country can do for you . " We got enough to do out in the field without having to cover junior 's ass . Okay , beautiful . Thanks . What do you think happened here ? I think it 's safe to say her strength is returning . You love me ... right ? What is this , Chet ? Remember I said that we didn 't have a signal on Allie , that we didn 't know where she was ? I lied . Yes , Chet . I love you . ALLIE : Thene 's a feeling you get sometimes in a bad dream . You 'ne running . And something dark and big is chasing you . and you want to just stop to let the dark . Big thing catch up with you . Something bad is going to happen . you can 't change that . but you can turn and see it coming . You can see the face of youn bad dream . Subtitle by Hervieu / Hovilmist
