 - Are you about ready , Patty ? - Ready . ( clears throat ) Okay . We were coming back from a fishing trip , and we 're on Highway 89 coming out of Tahoe City . It wasn 't a fishing trip . You always tell it as a fishing trip . We 'd gone to visit the Nortons . No , no , no . We didn 't visit the Nortons . We were fishing Echo Lake . There was no fishing on this trip . One of the most memorable nights of your life , and you don 't remember- - - I know I wasn 't fishing . - Can I finish telling the man the story ? I 'm not saying don 't tell him . " Get your facts straight , " is all I 'm saying . You know what ? She always does this to me . Anyway , we 're coming down Highway 89 from Tahoe City- - you 're not gonna argue about it being Highway 89 ? Why would I ? God . Anyway , so I look at my watch , and it 's 7.30 , and then , all of a sudden- - All of a sudden , there 's this blinding flash . I mean ... you know what it 's like when you stare into the sun when you were a kid ? It was a lot brighter than that . Why would he have stared at the sun ? - Most kids do . - I never did . Well , aren 't we the second coming ? - Can I finish the story ? - Who 's stopping you ? You are , dear . Anyway , this light , it doesn 't even pass over us , but more like through us , and then it 's up in the sky , and then it goes down behind these pine trees , so we stop the car and we get out , we got this glowing behind the trees , and we have no idea what it is- - My Mike was so brave . - Well , you were , sweetheart . - I didn 't do anything . You took my hand and told me not to worry . Yeah , well , anybody would 've done that . Oh , no , they wouldn 't have . So , anyway , this light starts coming through the trees , and then the car dies . We 're up on this mountain , and my car goes dead . We got curved roads , we got a steep drop-off , engine won 't start , I 've got no steering , but here 's the funny thing , see- - with this light coming at us , I don 't care because I know that we 're gonna be all right . The next thing we know , we 're driving down Walnut Street and pulling up in front of our house . It 's 5.00 in the morning . The sky is just starting to get pink . We 're at the top of that hill at 7.30 at night , we didn 't get to the bottom till 5.00 in the morning , more than nine hours later . And this is all just what happened that night . It wasn 't till about three months later that Mike started having the dreams . You know , you wouldn 't think that dreams could scare you , but mine got so bad , I wouldn 't go to sleep . I was having them , too , but neither of us were talking about it , so neither of us knew what the other was dreaming . We 'd just be sitting there watching TV , trying not to fall asleep , not knowing what was on the other person 's mind . It wasn 't until we got sent to that hypnotherapist Dr Fulton . That 's when we both remembered where we 'd been that night for that nine and a half hours and who we 'd been with . This is a picture Mike drew when Dr Fulton asked him under hypnosis what happened to us on the road that night . And that there ... is a picture that Patty drew when the doc asked her the same question . This is the truth of it , and there can be no doubt- - is that my wife Patricia and I were taken by aliens . We 've been interviewed quite a few times . You seem to have more than just a passing interest in this . Do you have your own story ? ( loud laughter echoing ) ( screams ) ALLIE : if a dream is just a dream , something that happens in your mind while you 're asleep , then that 's all right . it 's yours to take with you into the morning , and it fades away there in the Light . But when the dreams start to come while you 're awake , and they come with the Light , then that is not all right . What we look for then is other people who have dreamed what we 've dreamed , who have seen what we 've seen . When the dreams become real , sometimes the only comfort you can find is in knowing that you 're not alone . LISA SINGING TO RADIO : I caught up with my ex-boyfriend You 're the reason I 'm in this mess And when they show up I 'll give them what you said Your address I just get to this place where I feel like it is so totally out of my control . I just don 't see the point . It all ends , anyway , right ? So why bother ? I get up every day , all I see is the end of the day , and I just--I 'm not into doing anything at all . I--I could use some help with that . When you play a song , when you 're right in the middle , are you thinking about how the song ends ? No way . It 's all I can do to get through a song just staying focused right where I am . Oh ... okay . Okay . Thank you . Dude , this little girl 's profound . Hi , Mum . Hey . Are we here to get enlightenment or play some rock ' n ' roll ? Hey , you sit close to me , all right ? My timing 's always a little better when you 're around . That 's ' cause she 's a drummer 's daughter . This is the heart of nowhere It 's a dark , one-way street This is the land ... As long as i can remember , people have liked to talk to me . You know , kind of how somebody says something to you . Doesn 't have to mean so much . it 's just that it opens a door for you , and you can see into a room you couldn 't see into before . it doesn 't really matter how you got there . The important part is , you 're seeing something new and different . This is the heart of nowhere - Morning . - Morning . Rough waters out there . MARY : This new footage of Allie just came in from our man in Seattle . ERIC : She can block a shot on goal , but other than that , she hasn 't demonstrated any of the kind of powers we were expecting . She 's a little kid . Give her time . A lot of genetic traits don 't demonstrate until just before adolescence . Schizophrenia , for example . We still can 't pick her up . They 'll just take her back like they did when we tried for Lisa . - That used to be the case . - " Used to be " ? Wanna see what we can do ? Step this way . Microwave radiation- - that part of the light spectrum , in the case of the oven , 12.5 centimetres , to be exact . We block that wavelength , and the hamster 's on easy street . But we let that same wavelength through ... Jeez . In meditation , we learn the oneness of all things , the harmony that flows through nature . This is the same idea , stripped of the comforting notion of divinity , that we find in science , more specifically in mathematics . One , one , two , three , five , eight . The Fibonacci Sequence . One number added to the one before it makes the next number in the sequence , and from this sequence , we get the golden mean . We find these numbers everywhere- - shells , nebulae , the spiral of a pine cone , bee hives ... DNA . God 's equation writ large across the heavens . The cow grazing contentedly in the meadow , the grass on which she grazes , the breeze that blows through . All parts of the one , the whole . - Is this going somewhere ? - Their crafts hold five . Add the number of confirmed sightings in New Mexico last year--1,597 . They have three fingers , one thumb . The number of breeding pairs you charted last year when you were figuring out who Allie was--55 . 1 , 3 , 5 , 55 , 1,597 . All Fibonacci numbers . How many lights on the board ? 46,367 . - And with our little friend Allie ? - 46,368 . The 24 th Fibonacci . So , how do we take our revelation and turn it into an effective block so that we can grab little 46,368- - our little Allie ? WAKEMAN : This is Peter Miller . Mr Miller 's been taken 13 times . Oh , don 't worry . I 'm not gonna splatter him all over the room . Janitorial would never forgive me . Mr Miller has an implant . We 're monitoring it . You can see it right here on the map . Topeka , Montpelier , Somerset , Augusta . There we are- - Ellsworth , Maine . Right here . The implants broadcast on a spread spectrum . The frequencies are all based around the hydrogen hyperfine transition line , the most fundamental wavelength in the universe . Check this out . We block those frequencies , and in much the same manner as the hamster didn 't splatter , the implant doesn 't register . If we wanna pick someone up , we ought to be able to do it without having them grabbed right back . Will this work on the girl ? Allie has no implant . She doesn 't need one . She 's got the neuron spiral . But the same principle applies . We can block her frequency , too . And they can 't find her . Okay , let 's pick her up before she demonstrates . After that , we may not be able to . We 're sure she hasn 't demonstrated at all yet , right ? Not according to our agent . You know that therapy group her mother 's in ? We have someone in that group . Good . MAN : I believe this all has to do with the landing strip at the bottom of Lake Superior . You look at the contrails . As soon as they appeared in the sky above St. Paul , the incidence of severe upper respiratory infection quadrupled in the twin cities . These trails are messages . WOMAN : You 're reaching there . The idea of group is to listen . We 're not judging each other . I think you 're reaching here , Ray . There is a base and a landing strip at the bottom of Lake Superior . That 's why the government has spread this cover story about pollution in the lake , to keep the curious away . And those contrails , they are messages to the denizens of this base . WOMAN : Where do you get your information , Ray ? I was taken there on my third abduction . How come you didn 't drown ? RAY : They did something that enabled me to breathe underwater . That makes sense . We 're to believe your story about seeing your dead son on a spaceship , but I can 't go to the bottom of Lake Superior ? - I didn 't say I didn 't believe you . - It was on your face . The doubt . I was thinking about my own experience about my boy . Can you share some of that story with us , Dale ? We lost our son Luke in the Gulf War , Desert Storm . They got names for these things like movies , but this was no damn movie . This wasn 't anything that made any sense . He was driving in a truck , taking supplies somewhere in the desert . The war was already over . There was a mine . No one ever knew if it was theirs or ours . About six months after we got the news about Luke is when they first came for me . I woke up , and there were these five young men standing by my bed . Soldiers , just like my boy . They asked me if I wanted to see Luke , and I don 't remember anything else until I was in this big , bright room . And Luke was there . And we were talking . We ... had had this fight , Luke and I. You know , like boys and fathers do , then he went into the army before we had a chance to make it right . But there we were , talking like there was no tomorrow . They would come for me every night , these same soldiers . At first , I 'd just sit and talk with my son- - how are the Mariners doing , and what 's going on down at the plant ? That sort of thing . It was wonderful ... to see my boy again . But then they started taking him away . We 'd be talking , and then , uh , he 'd be gone . It was as if they wanted to see what would happen if they could make me grieve again . Sometimes we 'd start to fight , having that same fight . Your son 's dead . You 're having bad dreams , that 's all . DALE : That 's what my wife said . WOMAN : That 's why the two of you separated , isn 't it ? That was just an excuse . Truth of it was , we couldn 't stand to look at each other anymore . All either one of us could see was Luke . You were a jerk to him , and you feel bad about it now that it 's too late , and it 's not something you can fix . Do these look like dreams to you ? Is that what you 'd name them ? That could 've happened any way . You could 've done it to yourself . Please . Please , Dale , sit down . Sit down . Now , you 're here , you 're all here because you believe you 've experienced something . This is hard work , it 's painful work , but we can get through it if we work together , all right ? Good . Why don 't you believe my experience ? You 've been taken . You know how it works . Just offering alternatives . ( door opens ) Sorry , everybody . I had to drop off Allie at soccer practice . Lisa , we have a guest today . This is Charlie . Charlie 's been videotaping the session for a documentary he 's doing . He 's been interviewing people all around the country who 've had experiences like all of yours , and now he 's found his way to us . The rest of us have agreed to allow ourselves to be put on tape , but ... if you 're not comfortable with that , then- - No , I 'm not . - Turn that off , please . - Sorry . I just try to keep my life private . I 'm sorry . I understand . Do I ... Did Dorothy share today ? She thinks her cats are aliens . Do they live at the bottom of Lake Superior ? That 's the nice thing about being in the group . It makes me feel positively normal . ( chuckles ) You 're doing a documentary ? Not exactly . I 've ... had experiences myself . How long have they been taking you ? Since I was a kid . I didn 't really know what was going on until I 'd grown up , but ... since I was a kid . Me , too . They don 't take me anymore . They haven 't in nine years . And what I 've been trying to do since then is prove that it really happened , figure out why they stopped . I 'd just stick to the story about being a documentary filmmaker . Did ... did you like your abductions ? CHARLIE : Like them ? Yeah , as in look forward to ' em , enjoy ' em ? For me , it was always that . I used to get this buzz , this energy thing . It felt great . I believe this whole abduction deal is gonna turn out to be a positive event . Right now , people think we 're whack , fringe dwellers , but that 's gonna change . We 've been chosen for something . This thing busts open , we 're gonna be the folks to see . For me , it was never a buzz , anything like that . I didn 't know what was happening to me , and I fought back as hard as I could . Really ? I--I should get going . My daughter 'll be home soon from soccer practice . You have a daughter ? Allie . She 's nine . You have any pictures of yourself as a kid ? - You think it goes back that far ? - Why not ? Yeah , I have one of me and my mum . She 's pretty . Oh , that 's my dad . That 's him as a little kid with my grandfather . You would agree with me this whole thing 's kind of weird , right ? Well , it just got a whole lot weirder . This is the guy . I 've never come across anything like this . It 's extraordinary . This is your father ? He had been taken , too ? - It started with my grandfather . - It seems to run in families . We call these " screen memories . " It 's as if they take a sample of our memories and choose the realities they present us with . This was something , this carnival , that scared my father . And they used it . That 's not an uncommon part of the experience . But this ... to take a sample of your father 's memory and use it as a screen on both of you ? Why , it 's ... truly remarkable . I thought you 'd like it . I 'd like to regress you both , take you back to one of your abductions , see if we can figure out what this is all about , maybe even find out where the two of you met . Lisa , I think it might help Charlie if you and I were to work together first . With this new information , I might take you in a completely different direction . - Anytime . - How about now ? . Do you mind if Charlie stays ? We ... do seem to have a lot in common . ( piano music plays softly ) I guess we should 've gone home and changed first . I don 't care if you don 't . Doesn 't bother me at all . Have you ever been here before ? My dad took me here when I was a kid . Hope I remember which fork to use . With me and my mum , it was mostly pizza . Where 's your mum now ? . Detroit . She 's a nurse . That 's how she met my dad . - Was he a doctor ? - He was a patient . How about you ? What does your dad do ? My dad died when I was eight . I 'm sorry . My stepdad , he 's a musician , a guitarist . My mum 's a nutritionist . She could tell you not to eat anything they serve here . My real dad- - you use a computer ? Sure . He invented the buzz control scheme and half of the floating point logic . I thought , with our luck , we 'd wind up in a carnival . This is kind of like a carnival . - To us . - Us . - Hi . - Hi . - I 'm Charlie . - Okay . You 're in the third grade , right ? You 're doing State History ? You 're reading Sarah , Piain and Taii ? This is the " big ideas " year in science- - electricity , magnetism . I taught third grade the last three years . We read Sarah , Plain and Tail last year . This year , it 's island of the Blue Dolphins . CHARLIE : It 's a good one . So this is the year I find out how everything works ? - The " big ideas " ? - Mm-hmm . And everybody takes these classes ? CHARLIE : Pretty much . So then what happens , they all forget ? I never thought about it like that- - LISA : Sorry , Al . I had to park all the way over by Parson Gardens . You 're cute . Where 's Lisa ? She , uh- - Lisa 's getting garlic . Hey , girls . How was soccer practice ? I 'm trying to convince my god-daughter she doesn 't want to play goalie . It 's either boring , boring , boring or , oh , my God , oh , my God . I don 't think it 's so boring . You get to watch the play come to you . And then it gets there , and oh , my God , oh , my God . Not if you 've been watching the play . There 's no getting around you . Who are you ? We 've been trying to figure that out all day . - Oh , another day-tripper ? - It 's ... a long story . For which I don 't have time . I 've got four freshmen who want Celtic bands and a concept artist who designed his own tattoo . He says it goes across his face to cover the lie . I 'm gonna be up all night . I do tattoos . Oh . You should get Lisa to show you her alien . You know , you really are cute . I bet I 'm gonna be seeing you around . Will you take a picture of his face once you 've covered up the lie ? Without question . Good-bye , sweetheart . Bye . I guess Charlie 's staying for dinner . Maybe if you 're real good , he 'll help you set the table . Did I hear you say you 're a schoolteacher ? I was , yeah . What happened ? I got a little too interested in other things . You 've been on the spaceships , too ? At first , I wondered if I should tell her , but it would 've been weirder to try and go to the group without even mentioning it . Yes , I have . Was it scary ? Kind of . Did it make you mean ? I don 't think so . How come ? My mum didn 't get mean , either . But some of the people she knows did . I think people get mean when they 're scared . You 're working late . Just wanna make sure there 's nothing I missed . In this light , you look like my father . You have his singleness of vision , something I never had . I envy you for that . I just wanna see this through . That 's what I mean . She just looks like a little girl , doesn 't she ? She doesn 't look special at all . This is Brad . This is Devon . And this is Rich . He 's the cutest . LISA : She does this just to humiliate me . I 'm nine . I 'm supposed to like this stuff . I like this song . This Aiayna one 's really good , too . Oh , my God , man , the both of you ... I drive a lot , I listen to the radio . I like these guys . What am I gonna do , brand my own child with a scarlet " L " ? " L " ? For " lame . " Every time I press rewind Stop when the red light flashes Upsy-daisy , my whole world crashes That 's my journal . I write down things I think of and stuff . Oh , that 's a good idea . I always wished I 'd done that , but every time I start , I kind of get too lazy . Maybe sometime I could read you mine . That 'd be great . You 're up next , you know . Up next ? Your regression with Harriet . You 're next . You 've never done it before , have you ? Sometimes that can be a lot of information , just so you know . Talk to me and help me understand Tell me how my eye got black and blue ALLIE : i grew up , just my mum and me . i never thought a lot about who my father was or where he 'd gone . i guess i knew there was something missing , but when you 're a kid , your life is just your life . You don 't think about all the other ways it might have been . - Allie ? - Hi , Mr Watson . Is your mum inside ? Guess I 'm a little early . I get cooped up in my apartment . Guess I just need to get out . Your son Luke ... He loved you very much . Why did you say that ? I just thought you should know . Thank you , sweetheart . Thank you very much . i think , when you 're older , what gets hard is that you forget how to take things as they come . And sometimes , the things that do come are more than anyone should have to take . GIRL : Come on , guys ! NINA : Keep your feet moving . Don 't get stuck in one place . All right , let 's get two passes . Good . Good . Nice pass . Nice pass . Good . That boy 's going down . NINA : Heads up , Allie ! NINA : Okay , we got it back . Good . Good work , girls . Allie and I are very ... close . - How do you wanna tell her ? - I-I don 't know . I don 't know if I wanna tell her . She has to know . No , she doesn 't . We 're doing fine here . Allie and me are fine . I don 't know you . I don 't know if I want you to be her father . Yes ! She 's a beautiful little girl . Does she even wanna know who her dad is ? - I mean , does she ask about that ? - Sometimes . What do you tell her ? That he was a nice guy , that I didn 't know him very well , that sometimes people can mean a lot to each other for a short time . And she doesn 't even ask to see him ? No ... she doesn 't . I-I knew--I mean , I didn 't know you , but I knew she was ... damn it . I go around pretending I 'm cool with all of this , and I have to tell you , I 'm not cool with it at all . What are they doing ? What do they want out of all this ? WAKEMAN : They wanna make us better to enable us to move to the next rung of the ladder , and in doing that , they 'll better themselves as well . MARY : I have another idea . Say it began as a research project , a project on a scale completely beyond our imagination , a detailed accounting of our entire planet . A history of the planet , a catalogue of everything . Now imagine this--while they 're doing this research , this cataloguing , they inadvertently come across an incredible insight , something that utterly transforms the way they see the universe . And that 's what Allie is- - the result of this insight . Yeah , but they 're smarter than us . They can do things we can 't even begin to understand . - They 're more highly evolved . - Evolution has a cost . Every choice is the death of all other possibilities . Maybe something was lost along the way . Yeah , probably something very simple . Possibly . And now they 've put it back . Maybe . Maybe it 's become something more than that . From the first time I set foot in that room in Groom Lake , saw that body , all I 've ever wanted was to understand them , to see through their eyes , just ... catch a glimpse . I feel kind of- - I 've never said this to anyone- - but I feel this sense of being with them . We are so close , Mary . We 'll have the girl . And through her , we 'll be able to talk to them . I 've waited my entire life for this moment . I-I 'm an arrogant bastard . I always knew I 'd get there in the end . I always knew . What I never knew , what I had no idea about , was that I 'd find someone to share the moment with me . ( cell phone rings ) Yeah ? Hello . Oh . Well , that is quite a surprise . Thank you very much . Um ... yeah , I look forward to seeing you as well . It is unexpected , but that is one of life 's great joys , isn 't it ? Happy accidents . Okay . There 's a new wrinkle . Allie 's dad just showed up . Well , that 's interesting . We 're gonna have to deal with that . MAN : I just can 't stand this feeling- - that my life is out of control , that someone else is pulling the strings . Welcome to the world . No one has control . Who could say ? They 're more advanced than us , but that doesn 't make them God . It does from where we 're sitting . What makes me furious , somebody has cut a deal with these guys . That has to be what 's happening . The government knows about this , and they 're covering it up in return for something . For what ? You always come back to that , but I just don 't see it . I think the government is just as confused as we are . Yeah , but you 'll give me this- - they know about it . RAY : Blah blah blah blah blah . You people . I mean , we 're all such victims . It 's time someone did something . I mean , they come into our homes , they take us up into their ships , they do things to us . And we just sit around here , and we talk about it . Ray , we talk about it because it helps . What else can we do ? With an attitude like that , nothing . It 's pathetic . You talk like we could fight back . I 've been taken so many times , I can 't count ' em . Fighting back is not an option . What about you , Ray ? Have you ever fought back ? Yeah , I-I-I 'd like to think that I have , but that 's not what I 'm talking about . There 's us here in this room , okay , fine . But those people out in the world , they treat us like we 're crazy . Like we 're making this up . If we 're all alone , then there 's no fighting back . But if we were believed ... if there was proof ... That was your idea , too , wasn 't it , Charlie ? - To get proof ? - It was , yeah . Not anymore ? Well , some things have come up that kind of rearrange my priorities . ( whistle blows ) All right , come on , girls . Come on downfield . Stick to the fundamentals . Watch your dribbling . Throw the ball . All right . Shoot ! Shoot ! Come on ! NINA : Good . Good . Remember the fundamentals . ( car door closes ) NINA : Good . Good . Make eye contact with the other players . If you 're making a checklist of superpowers ... that was a big one . She can manipulate time . Let 's get back to the cars . Have you told Allie ? We ... we 've talked about it , but we don 't know how to do it yet . We want to understand it first before we try to help her to understand it . If I know Allie , she probably could explain the whole thing to you . This is so romantic , really . Soul mates destined to find each other in the stars . You seem threatened by Lisa 's story , Ray . She always comes here with these warm and fuzzy little tales . It 's like aliens are bunny rabbits , like they 're nice or something . Why don 't you back off and let Lisa tell her story ? Hey , Charlie , I don 't need your help . I 've been doing fine without you for nine years . You wanna go with that , Lisa ? I think it would be fair to say you have a certain a normal resentment about being a single mother , even under these truly abnormal circumstances . I just don 't need anyone weighing in at the 11th hour thinking I need taking care of . ( scoffs ) Hey , don 't get all over me . I didn 't know I was a father until yesterday afternoon . I 'm not all over you . I 'm just saying I don 't need any help . Just because you haven 't had any doesn 't mean you don 't need it . Meaning ? Meaning you 're living in a small apartment , supporting yourself and Allie by playing drums in a band . You could use a little help . What the hell do you know about how I 'm living ? I know what I see . You have nothing to say about it , not about me and not about my daughter . RAY : Hey , Lisa , I got a question . Which story do you think Allie 's gonna like better- - Mummy got nailed by some loser musician , or Mummy and Daddy never met , but did the nasty on a flying saucer ? Why do you come ? Why do you come if all you 're gonna do Is heap abuse on everybody ? Why ? So I can spend more time with you . Go to hell , Ray . Oh , I 've been , on more than one occasion . Why don 't you lighten up , buddy ? Why don 't I lighten up ? Because I am sick and tired of your cosmic girlfriend 's incessant whining . " My father was half alien . " Yeah . All that crap . Oh , you didn 't know about that , did you ? Yeah , one of these guys shows up in Grandma 's barn , knocks the old lady up . Nine months later , you got yourself a walking , talking hybrid . It 's a wonder your back 's not broken , the size of that chip you 're carrying around . You gonna be the one to knock it off ? Gentlemen , please . Harriet , I think we need to ask him to leave the group . He does nothing but cause trouble . We are all here to help each other . He 's not helping anybody . He 's just making things worse . I agree . You know , Ray , all you ever do is shoot down everyone 's stories , spreading trash , but we 've never heard too much about your close encounter . She 's got a point , Ray . Yeah , you said you fought back . Tell us about that . - Come on . - Tell us your story . What are you looking at ? Maybe you should answer their questions . EVERYONE : Yeah , come on , Ray . Tell us your story . You wanna hear my story ? Ray , sit down . Here 's my story . What are you doing ? ! Put your gun away , Ray . You don 't wanna do this . - Put the gun away ! - No , I don 't think so . I got a better idea . All right , everybody , get over in that corner . You stay away from the windows . Sit down on the floor where I can see you . Come on ! I 'll shoot the new boy first , then I 'll start in on the rest of you . Sit ! Ray , nobody 's getting shot here . That doesn 't have to happen . Oh , my God , he 's gonna shoot us . He 's not gonna shoot anybody . He 's just showing off . Is that what you think ? Is that what you truly believe ? Shoot me . See if I care . What are we doing here , Ray ? Hey ! I asked you to sit down . Get that thing out of my face . I 've been abducted by aliens . You think I care about your little toy trumpet ? ( group gasps ) RAY : You sit down , hero , or I will shoot your bride-to-be . DR PENZLER : Ray , I 'm sure if we talk about this , we can work it out . Ray , listen to Dr Penzler . It 's gonna be all right . DR PENZLER : Give me the gun . Give me the gun . Please , give it to her , Ray . ( phone rings ) ( people scream ) Can 't think with the phone ringing . Dorothy , get over to the window and shut the blinds . The rest of you stay put . Don 't do anything stupid . Come on , Dorothy ! All right , back with the others . ( cell phone rings ) What 's that ? Whose is that ? Is that you ? Yeah . - Answer it . - You sure ? Just don 't say anything stupid , huh ? Okay . Hello ? Ni-Ni-Nina , it 's really not a good time . Allie doesn 't run off , Nina . That 's not something she does . I-I can 't . It 's really hard to explain . - Hang up . - My daughter 's missing . - Hang up the phone . - You can just wait . Is she okay ? - Yeah , she 's all right . - How do you know ? . I know . She 's scared , but she 's all right . Listen , Nina- - End the damn call , Lisa . Hang up now . ( gunshot , people scream ) Oh , my God . ( Charlie gasping ) ( group gasps ) Help me sit him up . DR PENZLER : It 's all right . Come on . - There you go . - Oh , my God . CHARLIE : Cellophane . - What ? - Cellophane . Cellophane . Somebody find some cellophane somewhere . All right , he 's got it . Get it off . I 've got a scarf ! I 've got a scarf ! Where are you going ? I 'm getting my scarf because you shot him , Ray ! Ray , Charlie is really hurt . We 've gotta get him to a hospital . I guess I wasn 't that much help to you after all , was I ? This doesn 't have to get any worse , Ray . Everything gets worse , Dr Penzler . Every stinking thing in this world . What are you gonna do ? Let me think ! I gotta think . Who else has a cell phone ? Um ... turn ' em off and slide ' em over to me . - Ray , it 's in my coat . - Go ahead . - What happens now , Ray ? - I 'm thinking . There 's no time , Ray . Charlie doesn 't have that kind of time . Okay ... I want you to call the FBI . You know which one of these is yours ? The little flip phone . This one ? What should I tell them ? The FBI , Ray . What should I tell them ? Um ... tell ' em I 'm armed , and I 'm gonna have to start shooting people if my demands aren 't met . Oh , God . We 're gonna die . We 're gonna die . Just shut up ! I 'm only gonna shoot you if they don 't do what I 'm asking them . - Ray ? - What ? What demands ? What are you asking them to do ? Tell ' em I wanna talk to the person in charge of their , um ... you know , whatever they call it , their--their extraterrestrial project . You want Will Smith or Tommy Lee Jones ? Cynthia , you 're not helping . I 'm not sure who I should be asking for . Dr Penzler , just make the call . All right , all right . FBI , please . What are you gonna do once you get to somebody in charge ? I 'm gonna make my demands . You 're gonna call the federal government and say , " Let me speak to the man in charge of your super-secret operation because , if I don 't , I 'll shoot a few people That 's pathetic is what that is . Well , no one ever said that Ray wasn 't pathetic . CYNTHIA : I knew I never should 've joined this damn group . This is like White people land . Do you know how many Asian people have been abducted since 1947 ? Will you please shut up ? Maybe seven , and you 're looking at one of them . So I decide to be open and honest about it , and this is what I get- - I 'm abducted by Homer Simpson . White people land . Hello . Hello . Is this the--the FBI ? - You got ' em on the phone ? - Um , yes . Uh-huh . See ? This is , um , Dr Harriet Penzler . I 'm hoping you can help me . I have a bit of a problem here . DR PENZLER : Yes . Um , I have a group of people here , and one of them 's been shot . The--the man who shot him ... Lisa , what are you doing ? DR PENZLER : And , um ... hold on a minute . EVERYONE : Lisa ? Sit down . Where do you think you 're going ? Isn 't this sweet ? Now we got the whole happy family . Allie ... it 's okay . Come here . Come here . It 's okay . DR PENZLER : Ten adults and one child . That 's right , exactly . Sit down . Okay , here 's the thing . I don 't want any cops . I don 't want any hostage negotiator or any of that Dog Day Afternoon crap ... Everything 's gonna be okay . I 'm not gonna let anyone hurt you . RAY : One SWAT team or anything , I start shooting these people . Good . I want someone here in 15 minutes . There is a problem here right now , Allie , but it 's gonna be all right . Ray is just a little angry . " Ray is just a little angry " ? No , Ray is majorly pissed off . I mean , you should be angry , too . Look what they did to you and what 's-his-name--Charlie . Look at that ! I mean , how can you sit here and let that kind of thing go unanswered ? Come on , we don 't need to talk about that . What , we 're not supposed to tell Allie she 's a test-tube baby ? You sorry bastard . Hey ... Charlie 's hurt . Yeah . Is he going to be all right ? I don 't know , honey . If Ray will let us get him to the hospital ... No one 's going anywhere until I get what I want . ( knock on door ) GUARD : Campus security . Dr Penzler ? We had a report of a gunshot . Hands up . Get your hands up . Yeah , you keep ' em up there . Okay . Here 's the situation . I 'm holding these people hostage , all right ? I 've already shot one of them . I 'm angry and unpredictable . Look at me ! What we 're doing here , we 're waiting for the FBI . There 's two more security officers coming from other parts of the campus . Yeah , so ? What do you want me to do about them ? I want you to go out there and talk to them . I want you all to come up with something to clear this place out , okay ? Say something exploded , say anything you want . Just keep the world away from me till the FBI gets here , okay ? Hey , don 't be stupid . A lot of people are gonna get killed . You can go now . What are you doing , Ray ? What do you think you 're gonna get done ? We live in a world that 's out of our control . You should know that better than anyone . I mean , things happen , right ? What is that , God 's will ? The hell with that . We all feel that way sometimes- - Spare me the couch , Dr Penzler . I 'm not a crazy person . I mean , things really happen to me , and I 'm sick and tired of nobody believing me but you fruit loops . What am I gonna do ? Okay , so it 's very simple . The government is gonna come clean on national TV . They 're gonna tell the world this is all real , and then no one ... no one will ever think I 'm crazy again . Answer your question ? We do exactly what he wants . We clear the area , evacuate the building , keep the students and faculty safe . By then , the FBI will be here , and then it will all be their problem . - Start setting up the barricades . - Right away . Something frightened you . That 's why you came here ? I don 't really know what happened . There were some people . And you felt as if they were coming after you ? - And I started to run ... - But ? And then ... I don 't know what happened . You did something . I think so . GUARD : This way , folks . Come down this way as quickly as you can . SECOND GUARD : All right , folks , calmly . This way . Quickly as you can , please move down . Just follow them . Thank you . Right through the barricades there . That 's right . Do you wanna know what I 'm worried about ? I wanna know who 's gonna feed my cats . We 'll all be out of here soon . You 'll be home to feed them yourself . And what if that doesn 't happen ? Relax , Dorothy . The aliens 'll feed ' em . Yeah , they 're old friends of your cats , right ? What ? What are you looking at ? You really think if you 're cruel enough to other people , all your own misery will go away ? No . Just keeps my mind off it for a while . RAY : Gas trucks . Nice touch . ( tyres screech ) ( cell phone rings ) ( rings ) Answer it . Yes ? It 's for you . Sit down . Yeah ? Okay . I see you . What do I want ? How about a world cruise and a winning lottery ticket ? ( chuckles ) Why don 't you come up here ? We can talk about it . Just you . Your little friends can wait down there . Hey , sit down . What do you think you 're doing ? I 'm gonna get some ice for my neck because you hurt me . And tomorrow morning , after the FBI either lock you up or shoot you dead , I 'm gonna have to get up and go to work like any other day , and I 'd just as soon do that looking as fresh and pretty as possible . Get some water for Charlie , will you please , Cynthia ? CYNTHIA : Yeah . Anybody else ? - Is that okay ? - Yeah . Thanks . We got to get him out of here , Ray . Yeah ? Let 's just hope this lady coming up the stairs now feels the same way about that as you do . I felt good about this guy as soon as I saw him . LISA : Me , too . ( knock on door ) Answer it . Come on . Out of the way , Dr Penzler . Let me see her . Are you the one who asked for the FBI ? ( scoffs ) Yeah . I 'm here . You can talk to me . Did anyone tell you what this was all about ? Man in therapist 's office holding ten hostages demands FBI agent . I asked for someone from the FBI extraterrestrial project . Someone who knows about aliens . You mean , like on X-Fiies ? I 'm the one you want . RAY : Okay . Let me bring you up to speed on our situation here . I shot him . And he 's gonna die if he doesn 't get medical attention . That 's one . After that , if I don 't get what I ask for , these people , they 're just fish in a barrel to me , you understand that ? That was the lady in the park , the one who tried to grab me . RAY : You understand ? This is what I want you to do . I want you to go public . Go public ? Call the New York Times , call CNN . Tell ' em everything you know , tell ' em this is all real . You just signed our death warrant . - You think she cares about killing 11- - - Shut up ! She 's not gonna call CNN , Ray . She 's gonna have us all killed . I can 't tell you how many times I 've wanted to make that call . My people have a very old-fashioned , Cold-War slant on things . It 's not right ... keeping something like this secret as I 'm sure everyone here would agree . This is news that belongs to the world . How do you know she 's from the government , Ray ? How do you know she 's not one of them ? Sit down . Why don 't you let the little girl come with me ? It 's the kind of gesture that would go a long way . Give me the girl , and I promise , I 'll do everything I can for you . WILSON : Look at the eyes , Ray . You see ? Those are alien eyes . RAY : Wilson , shut up . Let me have the girl . Let Allie go , Ray . She doesn 't have to get hurt . Allie , stand up . Stand up . You 've got something I want , now I 've got something you want . Get out . Get out ! MAN : Clear it off the south perimeter ! MAN : Here comes your dad . The rooms here also- - What 's the situation ? He 's gonna kill the girl unless we call CNN and tell the world we 're not alone . You two were going to pick her up . This was supposed to be easy . It got a little complicated . I 'm handling it . How ? . I say what I have to , promise him anything he wants . Just make sure the girl doesn 't get hurt . No one 's going to get killed here today . - Hey . - Hey . You got a nice move to the post . That kid yesterday thought he could get one past you , but you were right there . What I do is I fool myself . I make myself believe I 'm really going to cover . Because I believe it , he believes it . How do you get yourself over to the post ? I don 't know . I 'm afraid if I ever stop to think about it , it won 't work anymore . Do you know why you 're here ? Do you know what this is about ? I 'm not sure yet , but I think we 're gonna find out soon . This is the year for the " big ideas , " right ? ( groans ) Hey ... hey . - I may pass out here . - No , you won 't . - Do you know CPR ? - Uh , n-no . You 're gonna need to take my right arm and put it across my chest . Okay . Make sure I don 't roll over . Then what do I do ? You 're gonna have to give me mouth-to-mouth . I 'm sorry I said those things about the way you live . I was scared . It 's like Allie said--people get mean when they get scared . All right . She 's a wonderful girl , Lisa . You did great . You want CNN here so badly , why don 't you call ' em yourself ? Because they 'd just think he was crazy , and he wants everyone to know that he isn 't crazy at all . ( cell phone rings ) Yeah ? Okay . The media 'll be here in 15 minutes . We 're almost home , fruit loops . ( gunshot ) ( everyone screams ) Get down . Who took that shot ? ( cell phone rings ) What the hell do you think you 're doing ? ! What 'd you think would happen if you tried something like that ? It was a miscommunication . I 'm sorry . It won 't happen again . You 're damn right it won 't ! Next time something like that happens the little girl is coming out of the window with a bullet in her head . ERIC : Mary . Oh , what the hell , Ray ? Leave the little girl alone . You stay right there . You sad little man . Who do you think you are ? God ? You shut up . He 's not God , Dorothy . He 's just a poor excuse for a man . A man without any faith . Faith ? You 're gonna talk to me about faith ? God comes down and , pluck , there goes your son , no more Luke . Bye-bye . Why ? Dale , why ? Because He 's up in His Heaven and all 's right with the world ? Or because we live in a stinking sewer where nothing makes one bit of sense ? RAY : But you have faith . Your son dies for no reason , but you have faith . You get taken and tortured , but you have faith . ( Ray laughs ) If I didn 't , then I wouldn 't have any reason to go on living . Then you crawl away and you die , because this right here- - this is as much sense as the world will ever make . What are you doing ? I told you I didn 't want anyone killed . What am I doing ? I 'm trying to keep the little girl alive . I put a man up there , I told him if he had a clean shot , he should take it . And he missed , and we 'll be lucky to get her out alive . Pull everybody back . And do what ? What do you suggest ? We should call CNN for him ? This little girl is everything . She 's what it 's all about . We can 't afford to lose her . ( cell phone rings ) Yes . Ray . I am so sorry about what happened by the window . There are some people out here who 've seen too many Lethai Weapon movies . Look up at the window . You get me what I want . Do it now . RAY : Go sit down with your mum and dad . You don 't have to be scared , Mum . This is all going to be all right . A lot of things are going to happen because of this . That 's all . But it 's going to be all right . You better hope you 're right , or you 're gonna have to start praying for a little intervention from your grandfather 's side of the family . You 're not gonna get it any cleaner . He 's gonna kill her . We 've gotta take him out . I 'm not gonna be a party to any more killing , Mary . I 'm done with that . I don 't think you are , Dad . You know who 's in there , right , besides the little girl ? Her mother and her father--Charlie . That means he knows . And that 's two people with a lot of information that have had some pretty bad experiences with us over the years . They have to go . Dr Penzler , too . I can 't risk a leak . It 's too important . They don 't matter anymore . It 's all about Allie . You 're not in charge here , Mary . I am . Take a step back . Calm down . I 'm sorry . You 're right . Just , the two of them having gotten together has made me a little nervous . - They could really gum us up . - No one 's getting killed here , Mary . Of course not . CYNTHIA : I got to go to the bathroom . Grab a cup . Knock yourself out . Lisa , hows he doing ? He 's still breathing . Are you all right ? I just don 't want any more bad news . Mr Watson ? Luke , when he died , he wasn 't mad at you anymore . DALE : He wasn 't ? He knew . It was just one of those things that happens . He was growing up , and that was hard for you both . He loved you very , very much , Mr Watson . And that 's what he was thinking when he died . I just wish I could see him one more time . I wish I could tell him that I was sorry . He knows , Mr Watson . He knows . ( cries ) It 's okay , Dad . You can let go . Now I can see why those people want you so badly . When it gets dark , we shoot for the windows again . At the same time , we bring two men through the hallway . He 'll be down on the floor , won 't be looking to the door . We 've got a man up in the heating ducts . He 'll coordinate by earphone , drop down through at the same time the two men from the hall enter . And then he turns and shoots the girl . That room is covered by snipers . These men know what they 're doing . It all goes by the numbers , we take him out . - And the others ? - Not a problem . I don 't want my father to see you do it . You look like a college kid doing his homework . - What are you working on ? - Oh , just a little theory . Their craft was , I like to call it , thought-powered . Allie may be a stronger manifestation of that power , that energy . How long have you been sleeping with my daughter ? About six years . You get some kind of sick pleasure from that , the boss ' daughter ? " Boss " ? I thought we were friends . I love Mary . And I think she loves me . I want your desk cleaned out by tomorrow . After this is over , I 'll be going back to Maine . I don 't wanna see you there when I go into the office . How you feeling ? What 's happening to me ? - It 's in her DNA , isn 't it ? - That 's what makes her special . Mum ... I never believed that part of your story- - " My grandfather was an alien . " - Allie ... - Your dad--could he do things ? I never saw it , but , yes , he could . - But you never could . - I can play drums and sing harmony . A lot of people would tell you that 's amazing . There 's you and me . The way I know where you are , how you 're feeling , if you 're safe . I always figured that was just because I 'm your only daughter and you love me so much . Yeah , I suppose it could be that . It 's what made your dad sick , isn 't it , doing these things ? You 're not my dad , honey . You 've got a lot of other things in you . You 've got Charlie 's family , too . MAN : Everybody in position ? He 's not gonna last much longer . You got a lot of hell on your plate . MAN : What are we doing here , Ray ? This man needs help . Are you just gonna sit there while he bleeds to death ? Nothing you do is going to change anything about what happened to you , Mr Morrison . What are you talking about ? That man in the woods when you were eight . The one that took you in that shed . He wasn 't from another planet . He was just mean and crazy . You shut up about that . You 're just going to hurt more people , that 's all . It 's not going to make what happened to you go away . Shut up ! - LISA : Allie ... - It would be easier , wouldn 't it ? Blame it on them . They came down and took you . You stop it . It 's a lot scarier to think that the monsters might be us . Shut up ! - Ray ! - You shut up right now ! Ray ! She doesn 't mean it ! She 's a little kid . She doesn 't know what she 's saying . DOROTHY : One day , you 're gonna stand in front of the Lord , and you 're gonna have to explain what happened here today . You are gonna have to explain . I 'm not the one who has the explaining to do . Dale 's son--explain that . Explain cancer . Explain war . Explain the whole damn thing to me just one time ... so I can understand why everything has to be so hard . ( sobs ) Oh , God . I 'm sorry I hurt him . Oh , God , I 'm so sorry . Allie ... LISA : Allie ... What are you doing , Allie ? Charlie ... Look at me . Look at me . Look at me , Dad . He 's all right ? What do you think we ought to do now ? . ( cell phone rings ) Yes , Ray ? Heiio , Ray ? No . This is Allie . We 're all going to come out of the building now . Please tell everybody not to shoot . I 'll go with you . All right . They 're coming down . She says she 'll come with us if we let the others go . Everybody set ? - Mary ... you can 't do this . - Do what ? You can 't kill anyone . What makes you think they 'll let you ? They don 't care about Lisa and Charlie now any more than we do . It 's all about Allie . Then where are they ? We tried to pick up Lisa . Lisa was helpless . Allie can take care of herself . Then what makes you think any of this will work ? I don 't know if it 's gonna work . At least I 'm not afraid to try . Mary , don 't do this . Listen to me . I-I know this . Walk away . Even if you lose the project , walk away ... before you do something you can 't walk away from . MAN : Here they come . Why don 't you just fade away ? You 're a burden to the project . You don 't have the stomach for it , and you don 't have the brains . You have no idea what I 'm capable of ? What I 've done ? I won 't have any more blood on my hands . Everybody set ? Get a tight lead on that subject . Run away ! Take the little girl ! It 's a trick ! Run ! It 's a trick ! WOMAN : Oh , my God . It 's okay . Come on ! I 'll take care of you . Come on . MARY : It 's okay . Keep coming . I 'll take care of you all . Come on . It 's okay . It 's all right . Keep coming . I 'll take care of you . Come on . ( laughs ) ALLIE : Miss Crawford . I 'm ready to go with you now . Little girl ... I love the way your mind works . Subtitle by Hovilmist
