 If our gods and our hopes are nothing but scientific phenomens , then it must be said that our love is scientific as well - " L 'Eve Future " Repo 202 to control . Arrived at target airspace . Commencing data relay . What 's the current situation ? 52 minutes ago we cornered the murderer . So far every squad we 've sent in has been killed within two minutes . Stay back ! This isn 't a time to try and save face . We really don 't know what 's in there . I 'll monitor him on the data link . Whatever is in there is extremely dangerous . Help me . The death toll is now up to 8 people The perpetrator is a female android one of the latest experimental models . This model is now being recalled due to errors in it 's programming . Did you hear that ? The new owner is very slow about recalling the new model . Complaints and civil suits from bereaved families mount up against the manufacturer I don 't know how it will turn out . All I can say is nine suits have been settled already What will that solve ? Elaborate ceremonies , newspaper articles , praying . In the end it boils down to two things , the lost loved ones and the injustice of the sin . This is the same in every case . We are the weapons that avenge those victims . You two clean up the mess . Enough talking , Go . So what do you think ? I don 't think it was the new model . I think it was tampered with . Perhaps ... It 's as if the system was deliberately corrupted . My younger brother wasted his life and became an alcoholic shell of his former self . He failed in his search for a reason to exist . He started to keep to himself and I lost all contact with him . All due to his problems with his own sense of identify , his own sense of identify , he didn 't even know his own programming . So where do we investigate first ? We start at the factory on the north side of town . The information we gather there should give us a good lead . What are you doing here ? We 're looking into an incident involving one of your second rate dolls . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Maybe you two should try the toy company . Your lack of cooperation will be noted in our report . If I don 't get these equations done right now , I will not be able to finish them . Fine . We 'll show ourselves around . You police sure like to throw your weight around . Was I supposed to bow or something ? Because you are a detective , you have to be patient and always have an inquisitive spirit . Thats why I 've trained to be just as curious as a newborn baby . Would you consider using a mirror as your model ? Yes , a mirror understands without instruction and without hesitation . Well , then here 's your chance to become a mirror . What are you here for ? Now is not a good time . My name is Togasa , I 'm investigating . My name is Koan Kyukan , I was told to expect you . It was shot with this 50 caliber hollow point bullet . It killed three of our men . So sorry if it was damaged a little . Two seconds before that , it sent out a signal then self-destructed . It killed itself ? Who was the target ? Harabe . What does Harabe have to do with this case ? He used to boast that he could put human consciousness into a machine . But that discussion ended with his imprisonment for illegal dissection . When human beings are hurt that is an unforgivable failure of medicine . You ever heard from this guy again ? We just wanted to explore the border between man and machine . No , I never saw him again . Perhaps , you can tell me why it wanted to kill itself . I really don 't know . These machines aren 't supposed to have emotions . There 's just no pride in construction these days . eh ? There 's been a model change and we are adjusting to the new model . When the new model came out it was like bringing a new life into the world . Go on . Humans and robots are different although they can distinguish between black and white they do not know their significance . That is the level of humans . Is that so ... The trouble with robots is that they can only see in straight lines . They can 't imagine so they can 't lie or deceive . These robots are very idealistic . Why can 't humans attain such splendor without our bodies to defile us ? If we could we 'd have a perfect world . Why can 't humans use the robots as an example ? Do you have any kids ? Yes , a daughter . Children usually train themselves to become human beings . They segregate themselves into roles but where can a child find a perfect model to learn from ? Obviously no human is perfect so they can 't follow a specific human being . Little girls use female dolls to practice being women . Playing with dolls at young ages teaches them how to be a woman . What are you trying to imply ? A child 's smiling face is learned from the false smile of a doll . But children are not dolls ! Humans , machines and animals have countless forms . The doll is the most perfect and the most sterile form . It is the form of consciousness that knows no pain . That is my opinion . Well that may be true . I want to hear the signal the 2052 model robot sent . Okay The signal survived because the body was very well made . What was it used for ? The body was made for someone looking for a good time . What ? It 's a sex toy . There 's a big market for partners that feel no pain and never complain . So this is the secret the bereaved families aren 't supposed to know . I got a call yesterday saying the shipment to America had a unit missing . I didn 't understand at the time , but ... But ? Then I found this . Help me ... Help me ... Help me ... Help me ... Help me ... Help me ... Help me ... Help me ... Help me ... Help me ... Help ... Time for us to go . eh Sorry I was rude earlier . My comments about children were only speculative . I may have gone too far . Thank you for your time . If anything else comes up , I will contact you . That was irritating . Now we have something to go on . What do you have on the tracer ? We 've found a previous residence and we already have ten men there . I 'll get directions now . Understood . We are on our way . This is one trip that we have no idea what kind of place we are headed to . What , just you ? In these times of reduced funding we use new tactics . How bad is it there ? This was from twenty minutes ago . This was really our man ? Yes , we 're sure of that . The victim was hiding here after he abducted a 15 year old girl sometime before the fifth of this month . We know that they stayed here for about a week ... before he got chopped in half . We haven 't figured out what evil tricks he was up to in here but he was obviously engaging in all kinds of brutal perversions . Wherever she was taken the girl 's abduction is something of a blessing ... Ah , found it . Glock 38 , standard issue . Hasn 't been discharged . Probably wouldn 't have done any good . The suspect was a professional . The forensic guys are on their way .. Prepare to vacate the premises . A little premature , isn 't it ? Whose insightful eyes will be taking over ? Forensics Units 979 and 969 . Today is my daughter 's birthday . my daughter 's birthday . Can we go now ? Go ahead . I 've got it covered . There 's no excuse for missing your own daughter 's birthday . your own daughter 's birthday . Oh , this looks like fun . You guys don 't get out much , do you ? Our permit requires you to leave immediately . Be sure to find everything we missed . Why do you surrender jurisdiction so easily ? Show the old man any pictures you take . Here it is ! The corpse is completely lacerated . The heart , lungs and liver have been ripped out . Smooth talking bastards . Got your dog some fresh food ? It will be a welcome relief from the dry stuff . I wouldn 't even call it food . This case has a lot of unknowns . Maybe we should ask around for information . Informants are useful but they can 't talk to both sides . The only who can make sense of all this for us is that girl . We - Ishikawa , don 't discuss this case for the time being . Cya . Batou . What ? Try and keep the horrors of this job separate from your personal life . Adjusting to it , is more realistic ... The victim 's spine was snapped in two . His heart , liver , and stomach were ripped out and his skull was smashed . Most of the damage was done after dead by head trauma . So we 're after a psycho . Thus was clearly done for perverted reasons . So we have a perverted psycho then . We 've determined that the damage is consistent with a specific weapon . Just like the disfigured door knob . The latest results point to a Chinese beauty-type . model NOR26 The top blade is capable of slicing and the wrist rolls out to form a fully functional hand . Naturally this model comes with super human strength . What can you tell us about the arm 's owner ? We have a probable location . Then quit stalling and spit it out . The location is on the monitor and in your vehicle 's tracking system . Your car has been revamped with the latest model stabilizers shocks and bullet proof glass . This cyborg is probably a low level bodyguard . in the employment of some yakuza boss . Maybe it has some anger issues . Who paid for the killings ? A rival mobster is probably the culprit he is suspected in the murder of these yakuza bosses All recently released from prison each one horribly ripped apart . Isn 't that obvious ? The previous Buddhist sermon orders were absolute . There are still two problems : The victim didn 't seem to be worried about a revenge killing . And he doesn 't seem to have any mob connections and his sentence is not mob related . The computer has no answers for those at this time . At any rate this was obviously a targeted killing . The robot 's boss does seem to target people with illegal ties to government . All these people have bribed government officials . One wrong move and we 'll be facing charges for misconduct . Proceed with extra caution and find out what we need to know to put an end to this . Dismissed . Togasa . Report to me before you go to bed . How is it ? We 're preparing to investigate . Foolishness ! If you want to successfully carry out your objectives you need to understand your perspective and other people 's perspectives . That 's why diversity is very important in a unit . That 's true , but I don 't have the abilities of an enhanced cyborg . Perspective for the sake of perspective makes sense to me . Regardless of your previous feelings , you should be happy now . What do you mean ? Batou is a perfect example . He looks like a ghost hardly knows who he is . Life for him seems to have a bitter taste . but he has still kept his compassion he still searches for what he 's lost and still has some hope to regain it . Chief , What is the real reason you chose me ? Because the one who introduced you was the Major . What did he say ? He talked about perspective . Perspective ? He thinks the whole world revolves around objectivity . You 're taking that to an investigation ? That building is going to be filled with yakuza . We 'll need weapons . But there 's something else we should do before using weapons . What ? Listen to what they have to say . Do you like yakuza ? I hate them . Me too . We are only going there to talk . That won 't happen inside a yakuza 's headquarters . Yakuza or not I 've got a family to take care of . I 'll go in by myself then . We 'll go together because we are partners ! Just promise me one thing . If it 's at all possible we should settle this by talking but if we are fired on I will return fire . Agreed . In the latter case be ready ... partner . What the fuck is this ? The police would like to ask you a few questions . Is that okay ? They didn 't even attempt to respond . For that reason , I skipped a step . It 's a known trick of the trade . He 's a hologram that 's why we couldn 't kill him . You guys and your half-assed strategies . How is it ? It 's narrow ahead . I can 't see what 's up there . What do we do ? I 'll clear the way . Your grenades exploded over my head . Now , you wouldn 't be able to tell me the location of a certain murderous cyborg , would you ? You think I 'm kidding ? If you 're useless to me all I have to do is kill you . I won 't be needing this . Come on , Mr. Can Opener I 'll take that arm from you first . It was over before it even began . Your chief exaggerated his abilities ! He was a gift from some bigshot corporate company ! I don 't know anything else . Still alive , partner ? My head and back bruised , thanks to you . Your daughter got a break this time . Let 's go tell the chief about the mission . No , they 're dead and so is the evidence we needed . I really don 't remember ordering you two to sneak into the Yakuza 's office . This isn 't a jungle and I don 't pay you two to be assassins ! Was it really worth it ? As officers of the law we have to respect life not just throw it away . Even if it 's to save our own lives can we stoop to such a low level ? You sound like a retired social worker . Sometimes investigations require those measures . In the end it will be forgiven . So you intended to kill them ? The old man knew it was necessary and is not really angry . Stop us here , please . Bye . You are trespassing on our turf . Your present arm is a replacement we just installed . It has the same movement and sensation software to be just as good as the old one . When the time comes . I 'll initialize them . Where is the original ? We threw it out . That copy is based on your DNA . So I 'll be able to use this just like the original , huh ? That hurts , wait a moment . Was it your idea to bring him ? No , it 's me that knows your soft spot . The company 's owner denies everything but we 've got him in custody for the time being . That dog sure does love you . Am I the only one in a hurry ? I 've got a lot to lose here . My daughter is depending on me and if I let her down my wife will be pissed . When do we start ? Anytime is fine with me . There 's no time to fool around . It 's your fault that you didn 't notice it . If you want to blame someone , blame the boss . Is that a clone ? Originals are expensive , aren 't they ? This is the first dog ever bred artificially . It 's not like you to have a cyberbrain hacked into . They 've set a trap for you because your living habits are so routine . Those are his favorite though . That 's the only store around here who sells them . He even shot his own arm five times and he almost killed the shopkeeper . Even though he was confused for a short time there are very few who can hack into this guy . Other than the Mayor . Why didn 't he blow up my head immediately ? His objective wasn 't to kill you but to discredit you . You rushed into the Yakuza 's base and sent ten people to heaven or hell . And on the same day there 's a random shooting at a store so it 's not odd to think that you were going crazy or that your cyberbrain is broken . Hold on . This is a message from the chief ... The investigation must carry on , that 's what she would say if she was here . But from this point , they say they can 't provide any further assistance without any material evidence . We 'll just have to go there then . Be quick , this classified information won 't last long . Go north immediately . North ? The two of you aren 't enough ? We 'll be okay , but what about this dog ? What are you suggesting ? Me taking care of this tiresome dog ? Do something by yourself for once ! Long ago it was built as the primary information center and it had always done it 's job . In the end , it 's nothing more than an abandoned area . Profiting from the weakness of the government 's system it has become the primary hideout of criminals nowadays . It 's a sector of anarchy in which even the federal police are powerless . " That which is created by solid beings will disintegrate just as the solid beings do . " Isn 't that just like the story about a beaver 's dam or a spider 's nest ? It 's an old Japanese saying . Well , I guess it 's not that beautiful after all If a living being 's base is information that makes up it 's DNA then culture and society are just huge centers of information therefore cities reflect society inside it . " Thy thoughts .. how great is the sum of them ! If I should count them , they are more in number than the send . " Isn 't that from the Old Testament 's Psalms , chapter 139 ? If you 're suddenly searching for such words he phenotype of your external memory unit must be a little bit off . I don 't want to hear that from you . Sorry to interrupt , but we will be arriving at Locus Solus soon . Since we came all this way make sure you don 't mess up . You are now above Locus Solus . Prepare for landing . " They ... who lay entranced thick as autumnal leaves like insane chaos roared ... " Now it 's Milton ... We are nothing like Satan . Batou ! You think you 're someone special now who can call me by my first name ? I haven 't forgotten about the fact that I owe a lot to you . Not forgetting but also not remembering either ? Please forgive me ... Mr. Batou . You don 't have the right to call me Mr. either . Forgive me , I beg you , please ! You must know something about Kim . I don 't know anything about Kim . I mean there are a lot of people called Kim in this big town . There 's only one Kim that I 'm looking for Even among people like us we must respect our mutual loyalties . There are two ways to be loyal ... By guarding a secret or guarding the truth , but you can 't be both . I don 't know him ! Him ? I mean someone who has that name . The great power of youth is what you question . The time wasted by a thousand fools . So ? In the past , he was a long distance scout in the military . Not serving for the upper class or commanding the lower class . Pretty good info for just laying down in the streets all day . While he was moving from one place to another such as special forces or electronic groups he sold weapons illegally and his career became tainted . In the end , he settled on being a hacker . A donkey can go on a trip but that doesn 't mean it will come back as a horse . He 's an idiot who couldn 't comprehend his own abilities . Let 's go . Batou , the master of the house is on the first floor . Looks like we got here too late . Most likely he tried to hide somewhere and got his head burned by some acidic liquid .. Nevertheless he won 't be of any help like this . Hey ! Confucius once said " One mustn 't lay around like a dead person . " Long time no see . I came here because of my work . Since that Nemura landing operation , huh ? Take caution from our vision Putting the factory plants in foreign countries . The dolls .. The dolls are well made over there . Enough to kill people and then commit suicide ? If that was true , that would be a very vulgar thought . I can 't understand people who blow souls into dolls and make them try to mimic humans . If there were to be a truly beautiful doll it would have a body of flesh without a soul . A corpse that would stand tall even at the brink of total destruction . Reducing yourself to a cyberbrain shell , is that what you want ? Humans judge things by the shape or gracefulness of movement no , even with regard to the existence itself of the doll this is the inadequacy of human cognition . Wanna get back to business now ? No , there is just one more entity that rivals dolls and the Gods ... Animals , huh ? Our great surroundings are filled with a deep subconscious pleasure that beings with strong self-consciousness such as ourselves will never be able to feel . For these are the descendants of those who took the throne of cognizance which is even more difficult than trying to become God . So there is no choice but to enter into a doll and pretend to be dead ... Is that what you are saying ? Confucius says " If one does not yet understand life , how does one understand death ? " The person who understands death must be born . Most endure this not with preparation and resolution but rather with stupidity and adaptation . In other words , although people die because they have no choice dolls of flesh take this as a given and live with it . Kim chose to completely robotize himself and that was his reason . So ? After that , he joined the Special Forces Electric Line Division , etc . During that time , because of black market arms dealings and a host of other things , his record became completely tainted . In the end , he settled down to become a lowly hacker . He had an incredible past , right ? Just because a donkey goes on a trip but that doesn 't mean it can come back as a horse . What 's wrong ? Let 's go . Batou ! I am pleased to announce that on this month this day , I have passed away . Hey ! It 's an unpleasant feeling , isn 't it ? I understand it well . You wonder if something that looks alive on the surface is actually alive or not . On the other hand you wonder if something with no life is actually alive . If you wonder where the creepiness of a doll comes from it 's because dolls are models of human beings in other words they are nothing more than humans themselves . The feat that perhaps humans will be reduces to simple gimmicks and materials . In other words , fear that maybe the phenomenon called " human " is actually a form of nihilism or nothingness . Let 's get down to business already . As Science tried to shed light on what this phenomenon called " life " is it started to take a role in the rise of this fear . The belied that nature was computable led to the conclusion that humans can also be reduced to simple mechanical parts . The human body is a machine that winds it 's own spring and is living proof of perpetual motion . The 18th century mechanist 's theory of the human body has revived due to technologies such as cyberbrains and shells . Ever since the externalization of human memory was made possible by computers in order to expand the limits of what is possibly an organism humans actively sought to mechanize themselves . It was a manifestation of the will to surpass the Darwinistic theory of natural selection to obtain by one 's own hands the right to evolve and also the will to surpass Mother Nature which begat that very being . It 's the phantasm of life , equipped with the hardware completely that is the wellspring of this nightmare . The True God is Geometry ... Let 's go ! Batou ! How do you feel ? What was ... I ... You were stuck in a virtual experience maze . Your cyberbrain was hacked . Just like good luck comes by three times bad luck also gives three signs . You don 't watch because you don 't want to see you don 't say anything even though you realize it don 't listen even if you are told ... and finally you face catastrophe . But in our world if you miss the first sign , you are done for . I told you that I don 't have time to fuck around with your jokes ! When will you realize ? The more a person lies in wait trying to deceive someone the easier that person is to deceive . You may have been an expert in electronic warfare but unfortunately for you I 'm a pro in intelligence warfare . Besides that , I have a guardian angel . Try searching the memory about the hall from your huge external memory banks of saved data . According to Jacob Grimm golems obtained their energy from the word " aemaeth " written on their foreheads in other words , from the word " truth " but the first two characters " ae " were erased to show " maeth " in other words " death " and thus they returned to the ground from whence they came . A divine message ... . mansion ... You 're saying that it infiltrated the protection that I wrote ? Impossible ! There is nobody that can do such a thing ... I told you . I have a guardian angel . Game over , Kim . I 'm going to have to spill the beans now . That one 's just a doll . You 've become a poor loser , Kim ! Batou . Can you say with confidence that this is not a continuation of the reality made by a virtual signal ? My ghost whispers it to me . Humans are nothing but a material to weave forth the dream called " life " . If Dreams and perceptions , no ... if even ghosts were the warping chasms of another otherwise regular matrix ... Then I 'd be a worthless being like yourself but the shoes we wear are different . To a guy that doesn 't believe in ghosts there aren 't such things as madness or multiple breakdowns . Then I 'd be a worthless being like yourself , but the shoes we wear are different . To a guy that doesn 't believe in ghosts there aren 't such things as madness or multiple breakdowns . Whatever remains of your flesh now will probably keep physically operating without a breakdown until you get what some some call a " fitting " death . Are we really in physical reality ? You better not be lying to me . There is nothing that differentiates between recollection and the actual memory itself . And whichever it may be you only come to understand it after the fact . It sucks that you can 't save your personal experiences . It 's the price you pay for getting a cyberbrain and having shared your memory on the network . Do your wife and child waiting at home really exist ? or are you still single alone in a room dreaming of someone else 's family ? Ever feel like checking into that ? If you realized it all along , then why ... I had to confirm their plans . They figured I 'd come , so they set up a trap . To take me on a spin through a virtual experience and chase me away . Something like that I guess ... When they played me for a fool and blew off my right arm they may have struck a branch in my cyberbrain . Like Ishikawa said , it 's not like you can find anyone who can do that ? Rokusu Sorusi would have probably figured out the same thing . So you knew from the beginning ? I was going to fake like I fell in the trap and then hand it to Kim The guardian angel that you were talking about ... Gone . To other side of the chasm in the uniform matrix ... Somewhere in the immense network ... Merging with it 's completeness ... Merging with it 's completeness ? If you want to find proof of your existence there are as many routes to finding that proof as there are limitless number of ghosts today . But we 've lost our viable lead on Kim . No we haven 't . Kim 's ghost-packed cyberbrain is still connected to Rokusu Sorusi . But we 've lost our viable lead on Kim ... No we haven 't . Kim 's ghost-packed cyberbrain is still connected to Rokusu Sorusi . We 've gotta settle this before they try to blot out and obliterate it all ... Those ancients had some good things to say . The Master said , " He is no disciple of mine . My little children when there is no right or wrong beat the drum and assail him . " The negotiations have broken down and it is now time for the violence to come out . Hey ! This isn 't like just barging into a yakuza 's office , you know ! I 'm not expecting anything from you ever . The birds hide high in the heavens and the fish lurk deep in the water ... I 've made contact with the escort . Roger . I 'm surprised you can move so well with that body . This place is very deep , so if you sink even we won 't be able to rescue you . eh ? I used to know a cyborg that used to dive as a hobby ... From what I 've heard , no one has ever come back alive from that ship . I can 't even understand why you 'd want to do it . You 're absolutely right . Take me there now . Hang on tight . Coming into contact with a sensor picket in 12 seconds . I 'll send a dummy signal through the line for only two seconds . Roger . This guy 's connected directly to the Security Chief 's cyberbrain ! Beginning synchronization . I 'm in . Now send me the ship 's data . Done loading . Are you on my eyes ? But of course . I wouldn 't want to miss my great teacher 's heroics . Video recording on . Well aren 't you a cute one . Intruder . Security system on Level 2 rebooting . Checking cyberbrain activity within all premises ... Searching for terminal whose memory activity matches the virus size ... Possibility of delayed effects from virus . Beginning collective / intermural surveillance . Unable to make logical connection to Security Chief . Return to Gits2 promo 01 mode . System reboot completed . Security Level 2 ... setting detour for intruder . Reconstructing logical protection . Loading antibodies . Searching for virus . Reverse search team : Equip decoys . Covert virus found by protection . Deploy all antibodies . Protection 014 broken through . Error type 280 occurred in protection 032 . Isolating affected area . Level 1 of outer protection undergoing reconstruction . Fluctuation patter of enemy 's attach-type protection identified . Sending anti-virus . Retreat , Togusa ! It 's too dangerous , you 'll get your brains fried in there ! Not yet . I can still go a little bit more . You fucking idiot ! Don 't be so reckless ! " Once you come upon death , everything returns to nothingness as if a puppet , whose strings have been cut , you just collapse .. " Gainoido Production Line . Non-standard input to type Halady during final manufacturing process . Presumed to be unidentified covert virus . Deploy all types of antibodies and destroy it . Unable to follow virus . All units booting up . Unable to make logical connection to system . Loading Battle-Ready Shell Control System ... And so the spirit arrives . It 's been a while , Major . Or what should I call you now ? To be exact , only part of me is loaded via satellite . This Gainoido cyberbrain doesn 't have enough capacity to hold all of me . It can only hold the Battle-Ready Shell Control System . So bear with this expression and voice because it 's all you are going to get . There should be an emergency terminal about 50 meters ahead in this corridor . We 'll connect from there and take over the system at once . You haven 't changed at all . Go point for me . I 'll secure the back . Just like old times . Just like old times . " There is something evil about several people holding mirrors . It is not that it exposes evil ; rather , it helps create evil . " Hey . This is not the time to be saturated in emotion . I don 't have many rounds left . " In other words , mirrors are to be glimpsed at not to be stared at " Are you OK ? It 's just that I have to get this ship 's control system under control . Connect to the auxiliary terminal . I 'm going to shut down this shell 's physical output until I can take over the system . Our only hope is your 30 caliber . As far as shooting goes , I don 't miss .. but I 've only got one clip left . There are no guarantees once it gets used up in white gun smoke . I 'm going to start now . Non-standard connection to main system coming from within the ship . Within the ship ? Determine the connection point . Release attack-type protection . Similar signals coming from multiple terminals . No fluctuation in increase of cyberbrain activity from each terminal . Searching all external connection points . Disconnecting every external connection including the Main Office line . External connection devices disconnection complete . No response from the emergency control system . Remote startup not working . Integration of delayed effect virus occurring at each location . Protection near system area will be broken through soon . Prepare for system reboot . Starting data quarantine Level 1 . There are multiple non-standard connections to the central system . Response speed cannot keep up . I 've taken control of it . I 've shut down all external connections . This ship is completely in stand-alone mode . Has it begun to move ? This ship is moving south from the north end that has no laws to a certain nearby country within jurisdiction of the law . Basically the ship itself is the evidence that will incriminate Rokusi Sorusu . They 're going to chase us down , you know . A convoy will come to escort us before that happens . I 've already informed them . Anyway , wouldn 't you like to see the truth behind Rokusi Sorusu 's magic that blew souls into dolls ? You know already , don 't you ? You have a good lead already . Am I right ? There 's no noise in here . They 've sealed off all electromagnetic radiation ? Ghost dubbing . In animal studies they found that they could make multiple degraded copies but since it was revealed that the original brain was destroyed in the process , it became illegal They brainwashed the kids they smuggled in using the Yakuza and subbed their ghosts into Gainoido units . No wonder Rokusi Sorusu 's Gainoidos were renowned . Help me ... Help me ... You came to save us ? Mr. Bockerson said the police would come for us . That they 'll save us . I 'm in the fourth stage , but Soana who came with me is already in the fifth stage and I can 't hear anything from her , and she won 't answer me anymore ! The head of inspections that was killed made some modifications to the logic program to save these children and after they discovered that he was then handed over to the Yakuza to be killed since his actions killed their leader . He said if the robots create some accidents , then someone would surely notice ! He said said someone would surely come to save us ! Didn 't you think about all the victims ? Not the human ones . Didn 't you think about the dolls Didn 't you think about the dolls who were forced to have souls blown into them ? But ... But ... I didn 't want to become a doll ! " Sadness over a bird killed , but no sadness over a fish killed . Lucky are those with voices " If the dolls had voices they probably would have cried out that they didn 't want to become humans . Let me ask one thing . Do you think you are happy the way you are now ? That 's a nostalgic set of values . At any rate , I am at peace with myself now . " I walk alone and do no evil , having only a few wishes just like an elephant in the forest " Batou , don 't forget . Whenever you are on the net , I am always by your side . Farewell . She appeared on that ship , didn 't she ? Your guardian angel . No response again , huh ? You think I 'd put that in the report ? I 'll be here to pick you up at 8 : 20am tomorrow . I 've got to repay you somehow for taking care of my dog . Would you like to come in ? I have no intention of mixing an outsider like me with your personal life . Papa ! Where 's my present ? Where 's my present ? I haven 't forgotten . Here it is baby . ! Yay !
