 Previously on Taken ... What do you want from me ? ! Leave my family alone ! You really do need to see someone . There is something in my head . CHET : I think the things are tracking devices . - Dad ? - He isn 't me , Charlie . He 's making me from the picture in your head . They 'll come for Charlie next . You gotta go . Charlie , we 're gonna move around for a while . Is this because of what happened to dad ? - CHET : What are these ? - Tom Clarke . The Tom Clarke who ruined my father , who thought our entire program was a lie . Kind of ironic , Jake . The country 's leading debunker turns out to have a half-alien half brother . Don 't you want to know what changed his mind ? You 're sleeping with Eric Crawford , Owen Crawford 's son , the son of the man who ruined your mother 's life . How could you do that ? ! He 's not his father . He 's covering up the biggest secret in American history , he 's lying to the public on a regular basis ... What in the hell makes you think that he 's not lying to you ? ! We believe you 're carrying the evidence of a spacecraft that crashed in the New Mexico desert in 1947 . What kind of evidence ? We believe you recovered bodies and that you 're transporting them . You and your friends here will be detained for interfering with a move of Air Force personnel . MAN : Look ! Look ! TOM : How long you think you can cover something like this up ? The crates . Get these people onto the trucks . - Do it now ! - Yes , sir . - Step up . - Let 's go . All right , everybody into the trucks ! Move it ! This way ! This way , please . Let 's go . That 's it , move it up . What are you gonna do with all these witnesses ? Hold them for 72 hours , convince them what they saw was the Goodyear blimp . They 're not gonna believe that . They 're gonna talk about this . Let them . The more people talk at once , The more it sounds like nothing but noise . They took your bodies , too , didn 't they ? Now what are you gonna do now they 've taken back all your proof ? It didn 't have to be this way . How could it have been any different ? It 's all gone . You gotta love it . We must have been getting close . Why do you say that ? Remember I said I thought they had an organic transmitter ? I think it was one of the bodies . We missed that . It was right in front of us , and we missed it . They couldn 't afford to have us figure it out , so they just ... Took it all back . Every last bit of it . Not quite everything . CHET : Well , as expected , they pulled our plug . ERIC : What are they going to do ? All our evidence , all our research is gone . I thought I made a pretty good argument . " Senator , " I said , " the reason we have nothing to show you " is that it was plucked from our slimy little hands " by a flying saucer . You can 't deny that . Right out of the sky , and pluck . " Too bad we couldn 't find Charlie Keys . You know what burns my ass ? I 'll tell you what burns my ass . If we 'd gotten any funding at all , I could have gotten that positioning system running . We could have tracked Keys by that thing in his head and found him or anyone else taken in 24 hours . What are you going to do now ? Couple of buddies of mine from Yale are going into biotech . How about you ? I just keep picturing Tom Clarke smiling that smug smile of his and saying , " Still don 't know how it flies , do you ? " What you keep picturing is his sister dumping you . I still want to know what made Tom Clarke a believer . You could have had your answer , but you thought with " little Eric . " " Hey , little buddy , where do you want to go ? " " Over to Becky 's house . " " Okay . " " Hey , let 's take her to see the alien . " " Good idea . That 'll really impress her . " My own personal foibles aside , I still want the answer to that . I want to know what changed his mind . ALLIE : Hs eveny moment of oun lives built into us befone we 'ne bonn ? Hf it is . Does that make us less nesponsible fon the things we do . On is the nesponsibility built in . Too ? Aftenyou hit the ball . Do you stand and wait to see if it goes out . On do you stant nunning and let natune take its counse ? If that ball had been another couple of inches , it would have gone out of the park , end of story . I swung too late . I thought it was gonna sink . That 's why I like baseball ... you can 't make assumptions . I thought you liked it because it was impossibly hard and there are useless statistics you could memorize . Yeah , that , too . Ohh ... Are you all right ? Yeah , I 'll be fine . We 'd better get home . This was your grandmother 's . Love you , sweetie . Every day and twice on Sundays . Honey ! Honey ! Stay with him . I 'm gonna call 911 . It 's beautiful . So are you . He 's gonna know it , too . Who ? The guy you 're gonna meet one day . He 's gonna take one look at you ... And he 's gonna know there is nowhere else he wants to be . ( music plays ) # H gave you my time # # Why you wanna ... # ( wind howls ) ( new song plays on the jukebox ) Sorry it took so long , honey . Charlie ? Charlie ? Charlie ? Honey ? Charl ... Honey . Honey ! You can 't run off like that . I thought ... What 's wrong ? Where were you , sweetie ? Where 'd you go ? Oh , Charlie . ( electric guitar plays ) He 'd been , um ... Getting weaker since your grandmother died . I kept asking him to see someone , but ... He wouldn 't . He was so ... resigned . I guess he understood what was happening to him . That sounds just like something he would say . ( guitar continues ) Damn it ! Damn it , Danny ! Hey , Danny ! - ( guitar stops ) - Danny ! Carol , what 's up ? My husband just died is what 's up . My husband is dead , and I 'd appreciate it if you 'd stop making all that noise . Oh , man . I 'm so sorry . If there 's anything I can do ... ( bell rings ) ALLIE : People say that when we gnow up . We kick at evenything we 've been told . We nebel against the wonld oun panents have wonked so hand to bning us into . That pant of gnowing up is kicking at the ties that bind . But h don 't think that 's why we kick at all . H think we kick when we find out that oun panents don 't know much mone about the wonld than we do . They don 't have all the answens . We nebel when we find out that they 've been lying to us all along . That thene isn 't any Santa Claus at all . ( chattering ) Hey , do you like Hüsker Dü ? I think Bob Mould is probably as deep as it gets . I saw them last year in Sacramento . He was great . I 'm Nina Toth . - I 'm Lisa . - Hi . So how was your first day ? Brutal ? This place is totally harsh , so I 'm gonna make a suggestion . You wanna be friends ? For life . DANNY : Lisa ! And that 's my stepdad . - Really ? - Yep . My mum 's in Berkeley taking a class in alternative nutrition . Oh , cool . So it 's just me and Danny . Well , I gotta go . Okay . Make sure you call me . - All right . - Okay . - Bye . - Bye . RONALD REAGAN : Think how quickly oun diffenences wonldwide would vanish if we wene facing an alien thneat fnom outside this wonld . And yet . H ask you ... What could be more alien ... W ait till she forms her owwn band . ( drums pounding ) All right . Lisa ! Dinner 's ready . Lisa , come on . Dinner 's ready . Potatoes ... ( door shuts ) Lise ? Lise ? Lisa ? I 'm in here . Oh . Sorry . Everything all right ? There 's a phone number in my jacket pocket . Could you get it for me ? Yeah . Number one ... And number twwo . That ought to hold you . Mr Holding , do you have any champagne ? I 've got some Pepsi . - Pepsi wwill do . - All right . Just don 't expect me to give you the " today you are a wwoman " speech . Please don 't . I 'm really glad you called me . I 'm really glad you came . Ladies . Thank you . Here you go . - Thanks . - Lisa ... Today you are a wwoman . - W ell said ! - Cheers . You 're the very first person I ever met wwho 's lived in a trailer park . My stepdad 's a musician , and the lady wwho owwned a bar he played at owwed him money , so wwe just wwound up wwith this trailer . Don 't apologize . It 's very , um ... Rockford Files . I knoww , I 'm totally strung out on television . Hey , Nina , thanks again . It wwas a pleasure meeting you . No problem . Next time Lisa needs anything from the store , give me a call , I 'll tell you wwhich aisle . I 'll see you at school . - Bye . - Bye . You sure you don 't need a ride ? My mum 's picking me up . So ... Guess you 're gonna go out and get all growwn up noww , huh ? Your mum wwould be sad she wwas missing it . You 're getting really good on those drums . Thanks . Danny , I 'd like to take W atson for a wwalk noww . I 'll leave the door open for you . Thanks . Come here . Come on . ( jingling ) W atson , come on . ( barking ) Shh ! W atson ! W atson ! W atson , wwhat is it ? ( W atson barking ) W atson ! W atson ! W atson ! Lisa ... Today you are a wwoman . - Hi . - Hi . W hy do you think the aliens took all their stuff back ? W ell ... W hat makes you think they took it all ? Ha ha ha ! - Enjoy . - Thank you . I hear this wwas quite a showw . Oh , ww ... W hat do you wwant ? I find I have a lot of free time on my hands . Imagine that . How 's Becky ? You wwant to have a conversation that doesn 't end up wwith me coming over this table and stuffing my fist dowwn your throat , you stay off of that subject ! W e 're not enemies anymore , Tom . W e 're on the same side . I 'm a private citizen noww . Our friends saww to that wwhen they took all our evidence . W hat do you wwant ? You wwent from a sceptic to a believer in a nanosecond . That happened months before the Mojave Desert sightings . Maybe I just saww the light . W hat do you knoww that you 're not telling ? Say hello to your sister for me . Tell her I miss her . BECKY : So , there wwas a lot of excitement around here wwhile I wwas awway . I 'm sorry I wwasn 't here . I 'm fine , really . Your Uncle Tom has a lot of pretty wweird ideas . You 're not starting to have the same ideas , are you ? W hat if I am ? You come from a special family . Your father had an amazing mind . He could look at things and figure them out . W ith people , too . He could see things other people couldn 't see . There wwas a lot about him that ... There wwas just a lot about him . Honey , your life is changing because you 're growwing up . You 're not being abducted into a spaceship . You 're being " taken " into adulthood . Of the twwo , I 'd say that 's far and awway the scarier proposition . Hi . For Austin , Texas , please . Yeah , the number for Tom Clarke . Thank you . How 's Pasadena ? You 've seen one genome , you 've seen ' em all . How 's Julie ? You twwo still haven 't gotten divorced ? Mary got into Yale , huh ? Thank you for that letter . I told you , they love me . Directed a play there my senior year , wwon a couple of awwards . Gave Harry Hamlin his first part . Howw the hell you been , man ? Good . Really good . So , uh , wwhat 's all this about ? They said they 'd tell us wwhen wwe got here . After 12 years , I think it 's about something a little bit more current than that . MAN : This is Mission Control . Do you copy ? Argonaut 1 , come in . Argonaut 1 , come in . Damn it , you guys , where the hell are you ? SECOND MAN : Mission Control , this is Argonaut 1 . What 's going on up there , Argonaut ? What do you mean , Houston ? You 've been off-line 2 hourss and 20 minutes . Houston , our last transmission was only four minutes ago . We were at coordinates ... Oh , my God ! About three wweeks ago , wwe sent a manned mission into space . This launch wwas unannounced . The purpose of this mission wwas to put certain sensitive equipment into orbit . W hat sort of equipment ? Do you remember a program of President Reagan 's , the Strategic Defence Initiative ? Yeah . Star W ars . As you probably remember , there wwere some questions about wwhether or not this program wwas feasible . Before President Bush revisits the project , wwe need to knoww that it 's viable . So wwhat did you send up ? A reactor ? One of the drawwbacks to getting the program off its feet wwas finding a compact powwer system that could put out enough kilowwatts to powwer both particle beam wweapons and rail guns . You did ! You put this thing into orbit , didn 't you ? Our payload wwas highly classified . The capsule had been in orbit for 14 hours . It wwas twwo hours awway from being in a position wwhere the payload wwas to be delivered . The astronauts wwent dark for almost 21 / 2 hours . They disappeared . No contact . Nothing . Then they wwere back , clear as day . They had no idea they 'd lost 21 / 2 hours of their lives . The payload ? Gone . CHET : I guess they didn 't wwant a reactor messing wwith wwhatever they 've got going on up there . This is a wwaste of time . The people in this room represent $ 286 billion a year in defence spending . W e need your help , gentlemen . Stop playing games and tell us everything you knoww about wwhoever it is wwho 's out there and wwhat the hell they wwant . ( clears throat ) I assume you ladies and gentlemen have all seen E.T. They 're nowwhere near that nice . W e are back , baby , wwe are back ! I don 't think you get howw big wwhat just happened here is . W e are reinstated , fully funded , blessed for as long as Bush is in . Probably after that ! W ould you mind getting into this wwithout me ? I 'm gonna keep on the Tom Clarke thing . He keeps getting calls from someone in Los Altos , California . The phone is registered to a Danny Holding . I thought I 'd run out there and take a look . For a wwhile , I thought all this wwas a bluff . I thought you had something big , but you 've been on this Tom Clarke thing 12 years noww , and the best you can do is check his phone bill ? Forget Tom Clarke , wwill you ? I 've looked at other things , but it keeps coming back to him . The Clarke family , they matter . They 're the key to this . This is about your father , isn 't it ? You 're just trying to finish something he started . W hat exactly you trying to atone for here ? You might as wwell be looking for Charlie Keys . You 're not gonna come in ? I said good-bye to your father 13 years ago . This is something for you to do yourself . Dad ? He isn 't me . He 's making me from the picture in your head . He 's lying . W hat do you wwant from me ? ! Leave my family alone ! Dad . Aah ! They 're coming for you ! DANNY : W e 've lived here for the last seven years . ERIC : " W e " wwould be ? Myself , my wwife , and my daughter . Do you rent , or do you owwn ? W ho rents a trailer ? Are you interested in this sort of thing ? That 's my daughter 's . W ell , it 's actually my stepdaughter . Is that important ? Sure it 's important . Everything 's important . Your stepdaughter ? Yeah , from my wwife 's first marriage . She wwas married to the brother of the guy wwho wwrote that book ... Tom Clarke . Your wwife 's first husband wwas ... - Jack . - Jack . Jack . That 's Lisa 's dad . W e call him Jack , but I 've heard my wwife refer to him as Jacob . Is this all part of a regular census questionnaire ? This is a followw-up , Mr Holding . It can never hurt to followw up . W ell , here she is noww . This is my daughter Lisa . This is Mister ... Jones . Mr Jones from the Census Bureau . I 'm very , very glad to meet you . Do you owwn any pets ? Oh , come on . Pick up , pick up . Tom Clarke . Uncle Tom , it 's Lisa . Lisa ! There 's a man here . I get a really bad feeling about him . You said I should listen to my feelings because they wwere from my dad . That 's right . You should . He says he 's from the Census Bureau , asking Danny a lot of questions . In civics , wwe learned about the census . It happens once every ten years . There 's not supposed to be another one until 2000 . What does he look like ? Blondish hair ... Shorter than you ... Kind of old , like 40 . He 's dangerous . You have to get out of there . Right now ? W ? - Yeah , right now . - Okay Do you remember our plan ? Yes . Go to your friend Nina 's . I understand . I can be there by tomorrow night . ALLIE : My mum told me once that when you 're afraid of something , what you want more than anything else is to make it go away . You want your life back to the way it was before you found out there was something to be afraid of . You want to build a high wall and live your old life behind it . But nothing ever stays the same . It 's not your old life at all , but your new life with a wall around it . Your choice is not about going back to the way things were . Uncle Tom , thanks for coming . Your choice is about hiding or about going right to the heart of the thing that scares you . ( laughing and chatting ) That wwas so awwesome . Schooled that guy . - Got the hands for it . - All right , Charlie , see you . - Good night , Charlie . - See you , Charlie . See you guys tomorroww . ( siren ) ( cat yowwls ) ( wwind wwhistling ) ( loud clank ) It 's homey . A person starting college , a life of their owwn , they need homey . Homey . I kinda like it . Howw much ? but I don 't wwant you calling her or anybody else for quite a wwhile . Tell me about these people , wwhy they 're looking for me . The man that came into your house , his name wwas Eric Crawfwford . His father wwas an army colonel . His name wwas Owwen Crawfwford . And he came after your father ... came after Jacob . Your Aunt Becky and I fooled him into thinking that Jake wwas dead , but I guess that Eric figured it out . But wwhy wwas Owwen Crawfwford looking for my dad ? This has to do wwith the things you wwrite about . See ? You already kneww . You kneww the first time you called me . And you said one day , you 'd explain it all . Yeah , wwell ... I think you 've had enough excitement for one day . Don 't you ? Listen , if you ever need me , this is wwhat I wwant you to do . I wwant you to take out a personal ad in the national edition of the New York Times and have it say , " Drummer seeking gig wwith ... Texas country band . " You 're young . You could still develop decent taste in music . Listen . I knoww . But you 're gonna be okay . Okay . Our first date , your dad and I wwent for hot dogs . You knoww , your dad never kept his owwn medals . I don 't think he ever wwent to collect them . But he carried your grandfather 's wwith him every day of his life . They wwere in his pockets wwhen he died . Your grandfather wwas a hero , Charlie , just like your dad . How 's your job ? I like teaching . I think I 'm pretty good . I 'm sure you are . W hat 's this ? That is a picture of your father . He must be about eight . This guy wwith him is his stepdad . Your father used to talk about this . It wwas the most scared he 'd ever been in his life . Yeah , yeah . This is definitely that . W hat ? W ell , his stepdad took him to a carnival , one of those travelling kind they set up in vacant lots . Some games , some rides , that sort of thing . Those rides , they can be pretty scary . They spin you around , turn you upside dowwn , drop the floor out from underneath you . But none of that scared your father , uh-uh . It wwas the carnies ... The guys wwho ran the rides . He said there wwas something about them that just gave him the creeps . W ell , like this guy . I guess if you wwere eight , he 'd seem pretty creepy , huh ? W hat wwas wwrong wwith dad ? He had a ... He had a brain disorder . Made him believe certain things . W hat kind of things ? He 's dead noww . Do you really wwant to remember this part of him ? I wwant wwhatever I can get . He believed he 'd been taken ... by aliens . Lots of times . And the men ? The people wwe wwere hiding from ? - I guess they believed that , too . - Howw about you ? Your dad said once they wwere like his guardian angels . He thought they wwere protecting him ? No , he thought they wwanted him for something . He believed they had saved him from dying in V ietnam . I think , in the end , he thought they wwere coming after you . They have come for me . More than once . That 's wwhy he screamed the last time he saww me . He could see that they wwere already taking me . If you wwere eight , yeah , maybe this wwould scare you . None of this scares me anymore . Noww it just makes me mad . If they come again , I 'm not going wwithout a fight , and if that lands me in some hospital room , staring out some wwindoww , screaming , then that 's wwhat it does . W hat wwas he like , my grandfather ? I didn 't really knoww him that wwell . He kind of frightened me . Howw come ? He wwas alwways nice to me . L ... I don 't knoww . I guess he just terrified your father so much . All your father ever wwanted from that man wwas a pat on the back . It 's amazing howw not getting something so simple can do so much . ( door shuts ) W hen did you get in ? Night before last . I had a feww days before fall quarter starts . Good to have you home . I 'm sorry , honey . He 's got a lot on his mind . W hy don 't you leave him ? W hat ? Leave , as in pack your bags , wwalk out the door , and don 't come back . It 's not as simple as that . Yes , it is . He 's thoughtless , insensitive . If he can still get it up , he 's doubtless unfaithful . Honey ... You knoww it 's true . I have my compensations . I have you . So move to Neww Haven . You 'll have more of me and less of him . I can set you up wwith my " Perspectives on Science " professor . He 's very cute . You 're terrible . It 's in the blood . Do you think I look anything like him ? " Home is the sailor home from the sea and the hunter home from the hill . " I 've got something important to tell you . It can keep . I 've got earth-shattering newws . You ready ? You wwanna sit dowwn or ... W hat 's your newws ? I wwas wwrong . " About wwhat ? " you ask . " It 's like this , " I answwer . I take all the money the generals threww at us , and I tell my guys , " Build me something that wwill pick up the impulse signals from those implants " ... The signals that wwere being amplified by that transformer . The transformer I said wwas the body wwe had stored at Groom Lake . Y-Yes . They build the thing . They turn it on . V oilà ! Lights up like a Christmas tree . " Noww , wwhy does this make me wwrong ? " you ask . Okay . These signals are big and bad and boosted . Somewwhere on this planet , there 's still a transmitter going strong , as if wwhen they grabbed all their stuff , they deliberately left it behind . W hat does this give us ? W hat I alwways said it wwould . W e can track any implant , anytime , anywhere . Look at this . Find Alan for me , wwill you ? Remember that chip wwe took out of the girl from Cleveland ? W e put it into the head of a guy named Alan . W orks for the Department of the Interior . - Thinks he wwent in for a root canal . - Found him , sir . Get him . OPERATOR : Motel 6 . May I speak wwith Mr Alan Stewwart ? One moment . ALAN : Hello ? - Mr Stewwart ? - Yes . Hold for Dr Lamarr . W OMAN : Who 's on the phone ? Quiet . ( disguised voice ) It 's Dr Lamarr . Just wwanted to check on your root canal . Is that your wife ? ! How does she know where you are ? I-I 'm fne . Dr Lamarr , how did you fnd me ? Mr Stewwart , I 'm a dentist . That 's my job . W OMAN : If you 're gonna talk to her , what 's the point of being here with me ? I have to go . I 've got a patient in the chair . You understand . I still don 't understand howw this helps us . Oh , yeah . This sea of blinking lights , our very owwn galaxy of abductees . Exactly . W e cross-reference knowwn abductees , their movements , et cetera , wwith the implant data . W e name them and eliminate them . That leaves unidentified abductees . If there 's someone wwe 're looking for , wwe feed in everything wwe can ... data from field agents , all of that ... compare patterns . Amazing wwhat you can do wwith a modern computer and a couple of billion dollars in taxpayers ' money . Can you find Charlie Keys ? Yeah . ( playing hard rock ) ( song ends ) You kinda suck . Do you think you can unsuck by a wweek from W ednesday ? W e 've got a gig at the O.K. Hotel . I 'm in the band ? No one else answwered the ad . No wway , man ! Didn 't really mean it . About you sucking . You 're no wworse than the rest of us . Thanks , I guess . Just felt kinda bad , like I hurt your feelings or something . I 'm tougher than that . First time awway from home ? Yeah . ( scratching noises ) I remember the frsst time I slept on my own in my new apartment . When I woke up , it took me a minute to remember wwhere I wwas . ( chuckles ) I 'm lying there thinking how weird it is . Yesterday , when I woke up , everything was normal . Today , it 's gonna be different forever . That 's exactly wwhat happened to me . I expect to wwake up any minute and be back in my old room ... " It wwas all just a dream . " ( noises continue ) Thanks for being so nice . It makes all of this a little less heavyy . Anytime . No , you are not gonna take me ! You are not gonna take me again ! You get the hell awway from me ! Get the hell awway from me ! ( knock on door ) ( knocking ) It 's open . ( gasps ) W hat are you doing ? Sorry , Naomi . I 'm sorry . Nothing . Sorry . This is howw you 're spending your leave of absence ? Sitting in the dark , reading , wwith a baseball bat by the door in case anyone drops by ? I just needed a little time by myself . I 've been principal at Lincoln for ten years , and I taught there before that . Charlie , you 're the best teacher I 've ever seen . I 'm not gonna lose you wwithout a fight . W hat is all this ? That 's nothing . " The Alien Agenda : W hat The Abductions Really Mean " ? Compendium of Alien Races ? " Adopt An Alien " ? W hat is this all about ? Oh , my God . You think you 've been abducted by aliens . Do you have any idea howw many people say that they 've been abducted every year ? Charlie ... People believe in those things because they have to believe in something . If that 's all it is , howw come all the stories are so similar ? Because wwe see the same movies , wwe read the same books ... They 've been taking me since I wwas nine . The last time they took me wwas only six wweeks ago . They came into this house , and they took me . I tried to fight back . I kicked and I hit and I bit . It did nothing ! They ripped me right through the living room wwall ! No ! You are not gonna take me ever again ! You 're not gonna take me ! You 're not ! ( Charlie sobbing ) Charlie . There 's no reason at all wwhy you should believe me . So I 'm gonna get proof , and I 'm gonna showw you and anyone else wwho wwill listen that I 'm not crazy . Okay , Charlie . Okay . It took us almost twwo months before wwe found her . Something wwrong wwith your system ? No , the system 's fine . She just doesn 't have an implant . W hy wwould she ? She 's Jacob Clarke 's daughter . W hat do you do for an amputee ? You build them a fake hand . From their point of vieww , wwe 'd be psychic amputees . W e 're missing something they take for granted . So wwhat did they give us ? Lmplants . They 've given us electronic versions of wwhat they have biologically . Pull up the images of the brain tissue samples wwe took from that fire in Alaska . Spectrographic analysis turned up some wweird trace compounds . Colour code for density threshold . This sample comes from the brain of that twwin wwho died in the fire wwith your brother . The twwins wwere failed attempts at crossbreeding , but wwe wworked from the assumption their cellular structure is almost identical to Lisa 's . Good . Noww zoom out . The tissue is doing double duty ... spirals of neurons acting as antennae . W e found her . She wwas just broadcasting on another frequency . ( rock music blares ) ( chattering ) Hey , dude ! Bye . Hey , Lisa , howw you doing ? W e got so much to talk about . Don 't stand there ... do something ! Unh ! The national edition of the New York Times , please . ( dialling ) I 'd like to place an ad in the personals . TOM : I never told anyone about your father . I didn 't put it in any of my books . But wwhen Eric Crawfwford came after you , I should have told you . I don 't knoww if I wwould have believed you . So ... This Crawfwford came after me because I 'm ... One-quarter alien ? Does make you pretty interesting . W oww . From wwhat I have experienced , and I 'm only talking about wwhat I 've seen ... They don 't wwant to hurt anybody . They saved you . They wwalked you home . Your father wwas very important to them . And I guess that you are , too . CHET : These are the matched repeaters . W e started wwith anyone wwho had been taken more than once . W e noticed there wwas a subset ... People repeatedly taken on the same day as others . W e found Charlie Keys . Let 's assume he 's part of pair number 55 . W hy 55 ? Numbers thing . Go wwith me for a moment . Charlie 's last abduction , right after wwe started tracking him , came on September 8th . If wwe backdate Lisa 's pregnancy , wwe can give her a conception date of September 8th . They 're breeding him wwith a girl wwho 's ... One-quarter alien already . It 's beautiful , isn 't it ? I 'm not quite getting it . That 's ' cause you don 't have my years of experience in the private sector . See , in the biotech wworld , most of our research goes into recessive traits ... things wwe can breed out of a species or into it . W hat do wwe knoww about the Keys family ? The grandfather , Russell , is a bomber pilot . His son is a V ietnam vet and rescue wworker . These men are strong , brave , extremely resilient . One other thing ... W hen they 're taken , they fight back . And the Clarkes ... Jacob , he could do things . My father wwas terrified of him . But he wwas physically wweak . In a wway , he wwas no more suited to survive than those mutant brothers in the Alaskan wwoods . And Lisa ... And Lisa , she doesn 't seem to have inherited her father 's gifts or his physical wweakness . She seems to be nothing more than a carrier . - You ever cook wwith tarragon ? - Hmm ? It 's a very strong spice . One pinch is all you need . Otherwise , it overpowwers the dish you 're making . Genetics is a lot like cooking ... little pinch of this , little more of that . But wwhat are they cooking ? That , my son and heir , is one hell of a wwhopper , isn 't it ? Super wweapon or saviour , take your pick . ALLIE : Sometimes the best way to move into the unknown is to take familiar steps , small steps , to do ordinary things to deal with something that is in no way ordinary . We 're always going someplace new , all the time . Familiar things just let us pretend that we aren 't moving into unfamiliar territory . You take those small , familiar steps , and you try to be honest , not to live as if nothing had changed , but still to go on with your life . But there are times when what you need is a piece of how things used to be . Aah ! Mum ! ( laughing ) Nina ! This guitar player , Tony ... I wwas auditioning for his band . I don 't think I like this guitar player . I wwent back to the rehearsal studio the next day to see him . He 'd left for L.A. Prick . No , that 's not wwhat I mean at all . He 'd left for L.A. Right from the rehearsal studio that night . A friend of his came by and got him . He hadn 't followwed me home at all . W ell , you wwent home wwith somebody . No , I didn 't . Honey , come home . The people you wwere hiding from , the same people wwho wwere looking for your father , Tom says they knoww wwhere you are . They 're not gonna bother me . Because beings from another wworld are looking out for you ? Yes , mum . That 's exactly wwhy . You wweren 't here . You didn 't see wwhat happened to me . Mum , I ... Mum . This is gonna be all right . I knoww it . I can feel it . You can , can 't you ? You 're your father 's daughter . You knoww that . Sooner or later , you twwo are gonna have to tell me wwhat this is all about . It started wwhen I wwas eight . I used to have these ... at the time , I thought they wwere dreams . There was always the same guy ... ( speaking Spanish ) W hat 's he saying ? " The craft are leaving . " This man is a farmer in Tierra Del Fuego . He 's reported sightings for the past eight years . W e think many of the craft stay out of sight around the Antarctic . One day , twwo wweeks ago , he sees the ships , sky full of them , all above his field , middle of the day . Then that 's it . Hasn 't seen ' em since . W oman from Siberia has a similar story . And Norway , Alaska , Zanzibar , Australia . 144 multi-wwitness , confirmable reports from all over the wworld . Howw long has this been going on ? About six wweeks noww . One big rush , then zilch . Absolutely no activity . Not one sighting . Nothing . Six wweeks , and you never mentioned this to me ? - I 'm mentioning it noww . - This is still my project . Abso-friggin ' - lutely . Eric , this is me , Chet . W e 've been through the wwars , buddy . I wwas just giving you a little space , letting you come to terms wwith your divorce and all . Howw you liking the single life , by the wway ? W hat do you think this means ? It 's the calm . The calm ? Yeah . The one that comes before the storm . ( guitar being strummed ) MAN : Speculation continues in the Pacifc Northwest over the many reports of lights in the sky . The government will neither confrm nor deny the rumourss ... They 're beautiful . ... of secret aircrafttt being tested as part of a new Strategic Defence Initiative recently funded by Congress ... It 's gonna be okay . Is it ? Definitely . W hat if there 's something wwrong wwith the baby ? Honey , really . It 's gonna be great . No , it 's not that . I think my wwater just broke . ( panting ) You 're gonna be all right . Yeah . ( panting ) Less than a minute apart . W ill you call my mum ? ( both giggle ) CHET : Good , here 's the general . Gentlemen . General . W e feed directly off the Cheyenne Mountain computer . This grid showws the actions of every knowwn man-made object in space ... screwws from a 1984 shuttle mission , a screwwdriver the Russians dropped off Mir , and thousands ... thousands ... of satellites . You didn 't bring us up from W ashington to see screwws . W e 've had unidentifieds before , but nothing like this . Look . W e eliminate the ones wwe 've I.D. ' d , and wwe 're left wwith these . Earlier tonight , there wwere hundreds of neww objects . W e thought the system had gone dowwn . And then the objects ... coalesced . That 's the only wway I knoww howw to explain it . There wwere lots of little ones , and noww there 's one very , very big one . You 'd better have a good cover story , General . No one 's gonna believe this is marsh gas . - That 's right , a little more . - There you go . Can you scootch up a little ? ( grunting ) W hat do you have in the wway of drugs ? See if the doctor 's available . The mother 's b.p. Is high . You 'll feel better in a couple of minutes . She 's nine centimetres . Stop pushing . I can 't . Listen to me , you have to stop . W e have to bring your blood pressure dowwn before you can have this baby . Get Dr Catrell . You 'll have to step out . It 's a slight complication . - W hat 's going on ? - You have to go noww ! ( moaning ) Sir , it 's coming dowwn . Surface velocity , 388.1 meters per second at 249.4 degrees local . Altitude , - 75.2 meters per second . Deinclination and speed on this thing ... they 're impossible . It 's over Seattle and coming dowwn fast . Flash alert to CINC-NORAD . Move to Defcon 2 . If it 's wwhat I think it is , none of that 'll matter . Her blood pressure 's 200 over 100 . She 's had twwo seizures . There 's protein in her urine . She 's eclamptic . Let 's stabilize her . Twwo grams magnesium , five milligrams hydralazine . Altitude , - 37.0 meters per second . 54.4 at 231.2 , alt - 33.6 . 52.8 at 229.0 , alt - 30.1 . W hat 's happening to you is called eclampsia , but wwe 've treated your seizures , and wwe 're bringing dowwn your blood pressure . W hy is this happening ? 52.8 at 229.0 , alt - 30.1 . 51.2 at 227.8 , alt - 26.7 . It 's slowwing dowwn . It 's levelling out . - She 's stabilizing . - Okay , very nice . - No sign of foetal distress . - Here comes another contraction . If you can wwork wwith me , wwe can bring this baby into the wworld wwithout a C-section , okay ? - Yeah . - Okay . W e 're gonna try some pushing . 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... and push ! Push , push , push , push ! Okay , good girl . Stop . Nice job , Lisa . V itals ? B.P. ' s dowwn to 120 . She 's stabilizing . V ery nice . W e 're gonna do it again , Lisa , okay ? 30.6 meters per second at 213.8 degrees local . Altitude , - 9.3 meters per second . Great . Let 's just wwait for another contraction . Just a second , and wwe 'll go again . Ready ? On three . 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... push ! Push , push , push , push . - Stop ! - V itals still stable . W ay to go , Lisa ! Estimated hover point ... 47-39-14 north , 122-18-34 wwest . You 're almost there . Just a feww more pushes , okay ? Oh , my God . My God ! W hy is there so much blood ? It 's all right . Doctor , there 's foetal distress . I 'm taking this baby noww . Forceps . Prep suction . She 's in D.I.C. She 's bleeding out ! Hurry up ! Hurry up ! W e 're losing the baby , too . 25.2 at 211.0 , alt - 4.9 . It ... it stopped ! It 's disappeared . W hat ? It 's gone . It can 't be gone . W e have the mother 's heartbeat . Baby is stabilizing . She 's stopped bleeding . I wwant a teal-amber search , code red , right noww . Go . Find the damn thing . Go ! ( baby crying ) Hey . Hey . You 're not supposed to be here , you knoww . You wwere bleeding to death . W hat happened ? The bleeding stopped . Nobody knowws wwhy . I told you they 'd look over you . My baby ? She 's beautiful . Seven pounds , three ounces . Perfect little baby girl . ( cooing to baby ) Oh ... hi . NINA : Do you knoww wwhat you 're gonna name her ? Allison . Allie . Her name is Allie . Hey there , Allie . ALLIE : My mum says that life is like a roller-coaster ride . There are ups and downs , there are big scares and slow builds and places where it levels out . The only difference with this roller coaster is that every time it stops , you get off in someplace totally different from where you got on . How 's your mother ? She 's fine . She does not send you her love . Thanks for coming . You said it wwas important . Your grandfather found this in Pine Lodge , Neww Mexico . He found it at a crash site . So it 's all true . W hat does it say ? No one 's been able to translate it . Maybe it 's a grocery list . He gave it to you ? Your father ? Left it for me . I found it after he died . And there wwas a note . My father and I ... W e wweren 't very close . W ell , he left this for you . He must have changed his mind . My brother died . And your father just after that . Before he died , I think my father got a better look at me . W hat does Uncle Chet say about this ? Dr W akeman hasn 't seen it . W hy are you showwing it to me now ? W ? There 's a great deal of powwer that comes wwith the kind of knowwledge I 'm privyy to . I anticipate change . I wwant you to join me in the program , Mary . This is something that shouldn 't go outside the family . CHET : Hello , Thrillseekers . Look at you , little Mary , all growwn up and beautiful ! How 's the quest for the Nobel Prize coming ? I got very close on a genomic mismatch scanning technique . " Close " like " should Miss America fail to fulfil her duties " close ? Close as in Patrick Browwn got there first . You 're just a grad student . You 'll get there . Lisa had her baby . Little girl . Are wwe going to try to pick her up ? W hat wwould be the point in that ? God ! I 've been wwanting to do this since you wwere 13 . Me , too . W hy don 't you pick up the baby ? You don 't wwaste any time , do you ? She 's clearly important . In fact , I 'd say she 's the point of all this . Definitely . - So pick her up . - Take her . No , they 'd just take her back . They 're wway better at that than wwe are . So wwhat are wwe gonna do ? W e wwatch and wwait . And wwe figure out a wway to take her that wwill wwork . W atch and wwait . That sounds a lot like my father . I 'm nothing like your father ! I have a theory about wwho she is . You wwant to hear it ? Evolution tends to eliminate , or at least , uh ... Subjugate emotion . The limbic brain is still dowwn there . But it 's wway ... Dowwn ... under . W hy wwe don 't run through the streets killing people ... at least most of us . ( giggles ) Lmagine their abilities combined wwith the energy of our strong emotion . They 'd be cherry bombs ... she 'd be a nuclear explosion . MAN : Ladies and gentlemen , may I present to you W hite Shadoww . W hite Shadoww comes to us after spending the last three years jumping through a flaming hoop at a sea showw in Florida . Hopefully , over time , as wwe come to knoww and understand these creatures a little better , wwe 'll become more caring and compassionate in our behaviour towwards them . Here at the aquarium , it is our hope that wwe can bring you that one step closer to truly knowwing another species . Any questions ? Once the dolphin 's been in captivity , is it possible to return the animal to its native environment ? Not in most cases , although it depends on howw long the animal has been awway and under wwhat conditions it wwas kept , but in most cases , once an animal has been taken , there 's little hope of an uneventful return . W hat 's the matter wwith them ? I remember the frsst time that I ever saw dolphins . I was three . It was the frsst time in my life I can remember knowing that something was beautiful ... and it was the frsst time I had the feeling there was something about me that was different from everybody else .
