 Imagine if you could halt the constant march of time . ... if you could slow it down ... and speed it up . Imagine if you could stop time ... or even reverse it . The world about us would look quite different . Imagine no longer ... come with us as we go on a journey through time . The earth is full of surprises . What is this sea creature doing on Mount Everest ? Why will East Africa end up under the sea ? And how did river crocs get stranded in the Sahara desert ? We can get answers , but ONLY if we play with time . We will show you the hidden forces that build mountains and tear our world apart . We will show you the planet as you have never seen it before . When we sit down in front of the telly we aren 't expecting the earth to move . But the ground beneath us IS shifting . You 'd only notice it if you could travel through time , if the sofa could become your very own time machine . Over millions of years the ground beneath your feet has gone through some extreme changes . It is still going on - but on a massive time scale . We 'll travel through the past , present and future . Get ready for a wild ride through time . We are so wrapped up in the day to day that we don 't even notice time passing . We 're taken aback when people change or when we suddenly realize how much we 've aged . So it 's hardly surprising we don 't clock change in the wider world . It 's so creepingly slow we don 't see a thing . Hidden in this icy landscape there lies a powerful force that 's shaping our planet , but we only notice it when something extraordinary happens . In 1950 a hiker in the mountains of New Zealand discovered some large pieces of metal under the icy foot of the Franz Josef Glacier . The glacier is in the middle of nowhere , so how they got there was anyone 's guess . They turned out to be pieces in a very strange puzzle . It all started six years earlier ... On October 29th 1943 a light aircraft took off on a sightseeing trip . It was a tour over the icescapes of New Zealand 's South Island . The tourists on-board were to get a lot more drama than they 'd bargained for . Technical problems forced the pilot to crash-land . The passengers were rescued and even the wreckage was recovered , all except a few pieces of fuselage . It was these missing pieces that the walker discovered six years later , melting out of the glacier . But the REALLY strange thing was that they were found over three kilometers from where the plane crashed . How on earth did they move so far ? The only thing linking the two sites was the Franz Josef Glacier . So what secrets could it hold ? Glaciers look solid and immovable ... But if you throw a fast forward switch they perk up . They turn into dynamic rivers of ice . Deep inside the ice it 's way below freezing , yet there 's water racing through . Its own massive weight and pressure causes the lower layers of ice to melt . This meltwater acts like a smear of slippery oil gravity does the rest . These frozen juggernauts grind down mountains , crumbling rock like biscuit crumbs . This glacier might only move two metres a day . But over six years that adds up to three kilometres the same distance the plane parts travelled down the mountain . Remarkably the plane has been put back together . A long , drawn-out pause in its flight-path . But nothing in the life of a glacier . The rocky valley below tells an even longer story , one that affects us all . When glaciers melt back they reveal the way they 've clawed at the rocks underneath . These marks read like a book . They tell us how glaciers ebb and flow over many centuries . To see the plot unfold we have to watch the Franz Josef glacier in action , thirty thousand years ago . Over this period it grew-not just down the valley , but out of the mountains . This was going on everywhere . Glaciers from Norway to Chile were advancing because the world was freezing up . This was the great Ice Age . Just 20,000 years ago almost half of the land was covered in ice . Today we 're concerned about global warming , but this could all be over-ridden by bigger changes ... which could send the glaciers on the march once again . When we squeeze thousands of years into seconds , glaciers spring to life . But time travel also allows us to throw new light on age-old secrets . The Ancient Egyptians left some stunning reminders of their wealth and power . But when the sun set on their civilization they also left a huge mystery behind . A grumpy camel ride can take us back to the heart of it - to the Sphinx and the Pyramids at Giza . We can only imagine what these immense monuments would have looked like at the height of the Egyptian empire . We 've always assumed the sphinx was built at the same time as the pyramids , but maybe it wasn 't . The Pyramids entombed the dead kings of Egypt . There are good records to show how and when they went up . What 's missing is anything about the origins of the Sphinx . No-one can even agree on how old it is . There is now a shocking suggestion that this half-man , half-lion wasn 't started by the Egyptians at all . But if they didn 't build it , who did ? 500 kilometres to the south of the sphinx the desert is full of natural monuments that might offer some clues . On a fine day it 's hard to imagine how this magical place came to be . It becomes easier when the wind gets up . The wind picks up loose sand and catapults it across the landscape for miles . It 's like being in a firing range . Each grain of sand becomes a tiny , stinging missile . A single , blowing sand grain doesn 't do a thing . But combine it with eons of time and you have a force that can carve rock itself . Believe it or not this is how these bizarre rocks were blasted into shape . But when the wind blows from just one direction the rock gets whittled into something even more distinctive , something remarkably sphinx-like . Did the force that created this also have a hand in creating the great sphinx ? In their minds , these tourists are re-visiting Egypt 's heyday - over three thousand years ago . But if they really want to get to grips with the sphinx they 'd need to go back fifty thousand years . They 'd be transported in front of a single giant rock outcrop jutting over the desert at Giza . No pyramids to be seen . The wind was already hard at work . Travelling now through thousands of years of fast forward , those tourists might watch the sand grains eating away at the rock - sculpting that distinctive shape . The early Egyptians may just have happened upon this rock and been inspired to add some finishing touches . They gave this rock a name and found it a job - guard duty for the pyramids which were built behind it . They added detail and dazzling paintwork . And they made it part of their culture . For thousands of years the Sphinx DID guard the pyramids of Egypt . But those days are over . The wind is a sculptor that never knows when to stop . This monumental rock is now a shadow of its former self . It needs high maintenance to fight the ravages of time . The modern stonemasons at Giza work year-round to shore it up , but in the end they are powerless against tiny grains of sand ... and time . Time-travel can show us the big picture . What happens as huge natural forces change the shape of the world around us ? Everything can and does change . Take the Sahara desert . It would cover the United States of America , but even something this big cannot be taken for granted . Temperatures regularly peak at 50 degrees . There are places where no rain has fallen for years . And yet living things attempt to cross it . The Paris-Dakar rally is one of the world 's great endurance tests . Swallows cross it when they fly from South Africa to breed in Europe . Bikers do this for kicks . But it 's no fun-run for the swallows . How did they end up with the journey from hell ? In the middle of the Sahara is a rock - and on it are paintings which might tell us . They were done five thousand years ago and show animals that couldn 't possibly survive in a desert . Was this the scene from the artist 's back door ? It is certainly not the Sahara we know . To see for ourselves , let 's go back five thousand years ... Unrecognisable ! This Sahara had vast lakes , forests and abundant wildlife , where today you 'd be dying of thirst . It was like this when swallows began their inter-continental flights - a much easier route . But then , rather suddenly , it all went pear-shaped . It began five thousand years ago with a small shift in the way our planet orbits the sun . Even a small change like this results in massive climate change . Rainfall dropped off and this triggered a dramatic chain reaction , which left plants gasping . The swallows ' migration was turning into an endurance test of its own . In some places the change from forest to desert may have happened in the space of just one hundred years . That 's why swallows still struggle across the Sahara . They haven 't had enough time to change their route . It 's the type of journey that sorts the men from the boys . Something this small really needs the right stuff to get to the other side . Their prize lies beyond the Mediterranean . Here it is - the insect-rich meadows of Europe . Swallows have a few short months swooping over the English countryside and raising their young before they have to do the whole thing over again . Their marathon journey back to South Africa is no less easy . But time offers a glimmer of hope . In the heart of the desert lies the Ennedi Gorge . This is not just an oasis . It 's a time warp . Deep in its shade is a tiny remnant of those vast lakes that once covered this region . It 's the only water for hundreds of kilometres . And it shelters one of the most unlikely survivors of the Sahara 's wetter past ... Nile Crocodiles . They are playing a waiting game . The Earth 's orbit is changing constantly , like a pendulum . It goes through cycles every 20,000 years , like clockwork . This means that the Sahara regularly alternates between dry and wet . If they can just hang on here for another 14,000 years , they may get a proper lake to swim in . And the swallows might have an easier ride . As for the Paris-Dakar rally ... well , it 'll be a picnic ! We 've travelled through thousands of years to see the morphing of the Sphinx and Sahara . But now we 're going to shift up several gears . It 's time to fasten seatbelts . We 're accelerating into deep time - through millions of years . Only then will we have enough time to witness the creation of the Grand Canyon . It is one of the world 's greatest natural wonders . Visitors can be silenced by its sheer scale . But it 's almost impossible to get your head around how long it 's been in the making . It 's taken 5 million years and it isn 't even finished yet ! The creator of this canyon is still at work - a force that will take your breath away . Enter the canyon at your peril . The Colorado River at the foot of the canyon will certainly get your heart racing . But these rafters aren 't in real danger . The steady flow of even white-water isn 't enough to carve out these walls . This is the work of something much scarier . A force that can really let rip through these narrow canyons . It 's these people who should stay on the alert . The danger signs are written all over the walls . These beautiful shapes have been sculpted by water - a huge amount of it and at phenomenal speed . But where is the water ? This place seems as dry as bone . The Grand Canyon lies at the heart of the Arizona Desert . Most of the year it doesn 't rain at all . But when it does you 'd better watch out . This is where timing comes in . Timing is everything . A single raindrop is nothing - it 's when they join forces that things get serious . The ground is so sun-baked that the raindrops just don 't soak in . They glance off it and stream across the surface . The thin desert soils put up little resistance - the floods simply sweep up everything in their path . From all over the desert the floods race towards the canyon . And then they begin to carve downwards . Tourist attraction becomes hellhole in a matter of minutes . In 1997 , eleven visitors were swept to their deaths . That was one flood but imagine if we could watch the effect of thousands of similar cataclysmic floods over millions of years . The Grand Canyon is a powerful reminder that the world can change , not gradually , but in short , sharp shocks . This is how one of the most terrifying forces on the planet is unleashed - not in days or even hours , but in seconds . The duration of an average earthquake is less than sixty seconds . Seconds filled with utter terror . They look like acts of God , but in fact they 're not random strikes at all . If we whip over to Wellington , New Zealand we 'll see what 's going on . It 's a city that seems on sure enough ground . But not if we travel back to a precise point in time ... Nine fifteen on the night of January 21st , 1855 . At this moment Wellington is just a small town . The coastline is made of steep cliffs , which plunge straight into the Pacific Ocean . The next few seconds were earth-shattering . A violent quake heaved the whole of this coastline upwards . As the cliffs rose , they pulled a whole new area of land out from under the waves . The sun rose on a different landscape . Where fish had swum and surf had pounded there was now dry land . It was on this newly exposed land that today 's city , its airport and roads were all built . But the 1855 earthquake was not a one-off . By racing through centuries we can see they 've wrenched up the coast , over and over again . There 's a pattern . And it 's a pattern that 's repeated in very particular places all around the world . The earth 's crust is not one solid piece of rock . It 's broken up - like crazy paving on a grand scale . The edges of these slabs are constantly grinding , and when they suddenly jolt past each other-that 's an earthquake . To live along one of these edges is asking for trouble . Wellington sits slap , bang on one of the boundaries . But then so do San Francisco , Tokyo and Istanbul ; millions of people sitting on borrowed time . An earthquake is bound to hit them sooner or later - there is no if here , it 's when . Within seconds these immense forces can tear open the earth 's crust . Over much , much longer time frames they can change the entire map of the world . But how can we possibly look so far back into the past ? It 's possible because some things can travel through vast amounts of time . This fossil is the remains of a sea creature that 's travelled through 150 million years of earth history . What it has told us about the past has rocked the way we see the world . It 's turned our view of this mountain upside down . At eight and a half thousand metres , Mount Everest is so high that a cruising jumbo jet would graze its wing tip on the summit . One of the first attempts to climb to the very top was made in 1924 by George Mallory . When asked why he was doing it , he quipped , " Because it 's there " . But what we now know is that it hasn 't always been there . And we know because this fossil tells us . It was found high up in the Himalayan mountains , but it 's the remains of a creature that lived only in the sea . These peaks are hundreds of kilometers from the nearest ocean , so how on earth were these sea creatures left high and dry ? We need to go back 150 million years ... to when ammonites were the most successful creatures in the world 's oceans . The seas looked very different but then we wouldn 't recognize the map of the world , either . It started to become more familiar about 100 million years ago when a chunk of land ripped away from Africa . That chunk was to become India . If we watch at a million years per second , India appears to race across the ocean . At first nothing blocked its way . But over the horizon lay a huge obstacle . India was on a collision course with Asia . In earth-time this was the equivalent of a motorway pile-up . The force of impact thrust the seabed between them out of the water . It 's been hurled skywards ever since . Everest , K2 and Annapurna are just part of a chain of wreckage along this crumple zone . They haven 't been up here very long - they 're raw , new mountains and animals have only just moved in . They may live on top of the world but they 're walking on rocks from the ocean floor , and it 's these rocks that contain the sea fossils . The collision is far from over . India is still ramming the mountains upwards . The world 's highest mountain is being forced northwards 2 centimetres each year . Things have changed even since Mallory 's first climb . Everest is not there any more - it 's moved a metre away-over there ! We 've whizzed through the past , but time doesn 't stop here , with the present . The earth 's not finished yet ! Let 's travel on - to see what happens next . In the tiny African country of Djibouti a maintenance crew turns up to repair a crack in the road . This is not your average wear and tear . This is a crack that allows us to peer into the future . What they 're about to shore up is the start of the biggest crack on the face of the planet . This is a crack that can be seen from space . It runs from that small road in Djibouti , widening out through Ethiopia and Kenya . It then spreads through Tanzania and Malawi . It ends in Mozambique , six thousand kilometres away . It 's Africa 's Great Rift Valley , and it 's remarkable not just for its size . This long , cliff-bound valley provides a stage for the biggest gatherings of wildlife in the world . It looks rosy . But the trouble is , the future doesn 't look bright at all . We know , because that Djibouti road crew at the north end of the crack is never out of a job . Every time they fix it , it ruptures again . So what 's pushing the tarmac apart ? Time to step back back 30 million years ... That 's half way between now and the extinction of the dinosaurs . The world was then home to some strange beasts . East Africa has no mountains , no volcanoes just gently rolling hills . But pressure was building up from below , a force destined to change Africa forever . A huge abscess of molten rock from the centre of the earth oozed upwards . It stretched the crust under East Africa to breaking point . Molten rock was squeezed out to form new mountains . And in less than a million years Mount Kilimanjaro grew from nothing to become the tallest peak in Africa . Even today there 's volcanic activity along the rift . There 's a string of lakes along the valley fed from water bubbling up through the hot rocks below . They 're so caustic that flamingos have it all to themselves . Periodic eruptions also come with the territory . The eruptions are proof that the valley is still rifting apart . It 's an inconvenience , but nothing compared with what 's going to happen next . In around ten million years time the crack will have become so wide that the ocean will breach in . All the wildlife in the Rift Valley will be destroyed and a new sea will be created as East Africa separates . No wonder these guys feel overwhelmed . But just because this seems a long time off , we shouldn 't feel too safe . Given enough time , something huge will rear its ugly head . Something that could destroy us all . It could be in a thousand years , a hundred years , ten years . Or tomorrow . Take a look at this showstopper . It 's lying in wait here ... in Yellowstone National Park . Yellowstone is famous for its hot springs and geysers - where the earth 's heat escapes as super-heated water . One in particular is renowned for the precision timing of its blowouts . Old Faithful . It goes off every 90 minutes . It 's the ultimate visitor attraction - a spectacular natural event that goes off on schedule . But maybe Old Faithful is not so much loyal friend as a sinister watchman . Each time it goes off , we could be 90 minutes closer to Armageddon . Yellowstone is sitting over a ticking clock , one whose beat is so slow that until recently no-one even knew it existed . Yellowstone is astride one of the biggest volcanoes in the world . It 's a volcano that 's over 70 kilometres across , and potentially so lethal that it makes Vesuvius look like a roman candle . The last three times , it exploded with such force that its ash buried half of North America . It doesn 't go off very often - but so far it 's followed a pattern . The eruptions come at 600,000-year intervals . 620,000 years have passed since the last eruption . So if it keeps to schedule , our time is up . No-one on the planet would escape this big smoker . It could trigger a chain reaction of volcanic winters and - for humans - potentially fatal climate change . Will it erupt soon ? Or is there some other unseen time bomb due to go off ? Only time will tell . Imagine if you could halt the constant march of time . ... if you could slow it down ... and speed it up . Imagine if you could stop time ... or even reverse it . The world about us would look quite different . Imagine no longer ... come with us as we go on a journey through time . Life is a race against the clock . For all of us , every second of every day the pressure is on to find food meet a mate and have a family all before our time is up . By speeding through days , months and years we 're going to see how plants and animals manipulate time to stay in the running . Why is it that a mouse lives for two years while a whale can live for 200 ? Why do these crabs have their own little alarm clocks that must be reset every day ? What drives these caribou to run thousands of kilometres , through some of the harshest conditions on earth ? And what has turned this hummingbird into the Pinocchio of the bird world ? It 's all down to time . By crushing centuries into seconds we 'll see life change beyond recognition and meet some real time travellers . But can anything truly cheat time and live forever ? Different animals have different life spans . Take a man and his dog . They both look like they could run and run ... but one of them is already past his prime . The dog may look full of beans but it 's six years old , and in dog-years that means well into middle age . Dogs live to about 12 , whereas we humans now expect to reach 80 . Why do we have these hugely different life spans ? Even with these creature comforts , a house mouse will be lucky if it survives till it 's two . Could life span be all down to size ? Of course , a mouse only has to grow a tiny body but that 's not the whole story . Its short time on earth is also about staying one step ahead of danger . A mouse 's life is so likely to come to a swift end that it pays to live life in the fast lane . A newborn mouse grows up at break-neck speed . Within a matter of days the first hair erupts ... Next their body lengthens ... The whiskers grow and the ears pop out . A baby mouse turns into an adult in just FIVE weeks . Right away it can start having babies of its own . In its short lifetime , a mouse can have several litters with up to 12 babies each time . You don 't have to do the sums to see how mice can quickly take over the place . Individuals may not live very long , but their fast and furious way of life is a winning one , if you 're constantly dicing with death . A wild owl lives up to eight years . So what gives them the extra-Iong lease ? It 's not just that they 're bigger than mice . It takes a lot longer to bring up their brood . What took the mice 5 weeks , takes the owls a whole year . By zooming through the months we can see that an infant owl has to develop some pretty complicated kit to become a successful hunter . It needs a beak that can rip into prey ... Special wing feathers that will help it glide silently through the night talons that can pincer a rodent and discs of specialized feathers around each eye . Like satellite dishes these focus the tiniest rustlings directly to its pin-sharp ears . Even when it 's fully fledged , our young owl still needs time to learn the tricks of its hunting trade . Only then can it hope to find a mate and have a family of its own . It 's a more demanding way of life so they have to take things step by step . That 's why barn owls live a lot longer than mice . But one animal has stretched its lifetime to an absolute extreme . Primitive harpoon heads have recently been found in a few bowhead whales - this proves that these whales can live for an incredible 200 years . Size matters , but living in the Arctic Ocean it might take decades to fatten up and reach breeding age . But that 's not the only delay . Over these frozen wastes , it can take ages to even find a partner . There is no speed dating here . In these tough waters bowheads need very , very long lives to make sure there is a next generation . So what about us ? Going by size , we humans should only live for 30 years . And in fact most people have found partners and had a family by their thirties . But our lives don 't stop there . Even though we might have done our bit to prolong the human race , we then expect to live way past our child-rearing years . Sociable animals apes , dolphins and humans , get an extension on life . We 've earned this extra time by becoming helpful in old age . Grandparents and other members of extended families offer wisdom , wealth and , of course , baby-sitting . Mouse , owl , whale or man - We 've all got different life spans which best suit how and where we live . But no matter how long or short our time on earth , We 're all under the thumb of one great clock . As dawn breaks over Hong Kong , millions of people begin their journey to work . This mad rush hour may seem as far removed from nature as you can get . But in fact we 're not the only animal trapped in a nine to five routine . Off a remote island in the Pacific , golden jellyfish crowd a marine lake . By speeding up the clock we can see that they too have a rush hour . Every day they rise at the same time and set off on the same commute across the lake . So why have they joined the rat race ? The clue lies in their golden glow , a colour caused by millions of tiny algae that live within the jellyfish . The algae produce sugars which they share with their jellyfish partners . But to keep their golden complexion the algae need a secret ingredient sunlight . That 's where their mobile homes come in . The jellyfish transport the algae up towards the sun each morning . The water glistens as the jellies break the surface , but their job isn 't over . All day they have to work the area of the lake - shifting position to follow the arc-ing sun . It 's a long day , but it 's the only way that both algae and jellies get enough to eat . The relationship is so successful that jellyfish numbers have boomed today there are over ten million of them . Unlike our jobs , there are no breaks . This is round the clock , day in , day out . The setting sun triggers a return commute - back down to the depths of the lake . Just as we need rest and recuperation the algae passengers must re-stock on vital nutrients that have sunk to the bottom . The algae get there on the jelly-train . Tomorrow the whole thing will start again . The sun is boss . We , and many other creatures , clock on while the sun floods the world with heat and light , and clock off when it sinks from view . Its daily rhythm is our daily grind . It may feel relentless , but the big clock in the sky sets the pace at which our bodies work best . But it 's not the only timepiece controlling life on earth ... Even though it is nearly 400,000 kilometres away , the moon also has a profound influence on many animals . As it spins around the earth it drags a great bulge of oceanic water in its wake the rising tide . It ebbs and flows twice a day but that 's not all . Each day the timing of the new tide shifts forwards by nearly an hour . It 's a highly complicated schedule so how can anything live by it ? It 's two in the afternoon and the incoming tide is driving waves towards the beach to a surfer 's paradise in Australia . The best surf is at the turn of the tide , but predicting when this is requires some precise astronomical calculations . Luckily , someone else has done the maths . All surfers need to do is check out the tide timetable ... and then just watch the clock . That 's it-surf 's up ! Being able to calculate these moments , means you can make the most of moon-power . But for other creatures this complicated shift in the tide times could make life very risky indeed . The receding tide is like a cloth being pulled back from over a hidden feast . The tiny creatures aren 't exactly on a plate , but they are there for the taking . While the tide 's out it 's dinnertime , not just for this one soldier crab , but a huge army of them . They 're on a regimented march to the water 's edge . With so many crabs to choose from , predators find it hard to single out their prey . Soldier crabs can only sieve out food along the shoreline while the sand is damp . So they haven 't got long . Something extraordinary happens , just before the tide turns . It 's as if a sergeant major has barked out the order to retreat . As one , the crabs scuttle back up the beach . Just as well . If they were to stay out a moment too long they would risk certain death . The incoming tide brings crab-hungry fish . Even though the tide times are constantly shifting , soldier crabs-amazingly - never get caught out . How do they get the timing right ? Are they sensing movement under the sand ? Is it down to remarkable eyesight ? Or is something else going on ? If we isolate crabs from the outside world we can reveal the secret of their precision timing . Just watch what happens to these crabs as the tide rises and falls . When it 's outthey run around , as if it 's time to feed . But when it re-floods , they mysteriously stop moving , as they would if they were in their burrows . It 's all down to an internal alarm clock that 's tied , not to the sun , but to the moon . What 's more , it is incredibly sophisticated . It 's self-adjusting . We wake up at more or less the same time each day . The crabs ' wake-up call shifts by almost an hour with each tide . This is how the soldiers get their timing right . But it 's not just animals that need to keep an eye on the clock . Many flowers open during daylight hours , but they don 't all open at the same time . Take the morning glory . It opens soon after dawn , but the South African mesemb waits until noon . The evening primrose , as its name suggests , saves itself for the twilight hours . So what on earth is going on ? Can plants really tell the time ? When it comes to setting seed , flowers have a big problem . They must exchange pollen with each other a bit tricky when you 're rooted to the spot . Flowers need go-betweens insects that can carry fertilizing pollen from one flower to another . To attract the attention of passing insects flowers have to flirt . And they do this with a dazzling array of colours and scents . But of course insects are being courted by every hot-blossomed flower in the bed . So some flowers have found a really cunning way of standing out in the crowd . And it 's all down to timing . At sunrise the morning glory is already on the pull - opening its petals before any other flower . This might seem risky as few insects are up and about during these chilly hours . But the morning glory is counting on another early riser . Bumblebees are so big that they can warm up independently of the sun . They vibrate their wing muscles to generate their own internal heat - and can get airborne as early as five a.m. Morning glories are ready and waiting . In return for spreading pollen , the bees are rewarded with a drink of nectar . The Mexican poppy takes a different approach . It 's less fussy about who it flirts with , so it waits ' til after breakfast before giving its all . Its bright orange outfit is critical to its future . If rain or wind threatens , the poppy folds its petals away . By late morning the flowerbed is a riot of colour - a scramble of flowers trying to win the attentions of winged helpers . But the South African Mesemb is only just opening . How can it afford this lazy start to the day ? Its long lie-in matches that of its chosen pollen courier an insect that needs a little more time to get going . Monkey beetles cannot take off until their body temperature reaches 27 degrees . So they 're only out and about during the very hottest part of the day . On cue , the eye-catching mesembs are ready . But time is limited . As soon as the temperature starts to drop , monkey beetles run out of steam . So the mesembs turn off the charm too . One flower saves itself until after sundown , when most others have gone to bed . Only then does the evening primrose waft its seductive scent over the garden . It lures in night-flyers , such as moths . By waiting this late , the evening primrose has the pick of the insect night shift . So it seems plants really can tell the time . Right through the day they keep appointments with their insect go-betweens . It 's a highly efficient way of getting fertilized . So , importantly , it guarantees the next generation of floral timekeepers . Judging time over a day is one thing , but how about over months and years ? Sometimes this is essential . Especially when it comes to keeping the whole family line on track . And for one North American animal it 's turned into a truly desperate struggle against the clock . It 's high summer in northern Quebec and a huge herd of caribou covers the tundra . This is the richest pasture around . It 's a perfect place to raise their young . But these caribou can 't stay here . They are about to be driven away . But what 's giving them the push ? They live so far north that their world flips between seasonal extremes . It 's June , and these warm summer meadows are about to become howling snowscapes . As the autumn weather closes in , the caribou are forced to run south . It 's the start of an incredible marathon . But there 's a deadline . They need to get back to the summer meadows by June next year to give birth to their young . The further they go south , the more time it will take to get back . So they 've got to keep one eye on the advancing weather and one on the clock . All the while their hormones are working to schedule . They flood through the males which kick-starts the rut . Antlers develop and harden in unison , allowing the males to battle for females . The shorter day-length has got female hormones racing too . It 's no accident that males and females have their minds on the same thing . It 's all part of the master plan to ensure that all the females get pregnant at the same time . Once that 's done , they 're desperate to head back north , back to their meadows . But now the bad weather is blocking their way . For now , they have to bide their time down here not a soft option . So they scratch a living from lichens under the snow . It 's a relentless search for the right diet . Lichens aren 't enough for expectant mothers . Sometimes time just runs out . The females are now living close to the wire . The June deadline is getting closer . They 're heavily pregnant but they 're still four thousand kilometers away from the rich summer meadows where they want to give birth . Even though the ground is still frozen , alarm bells are ringing , telling the females to head north again . They 've been on their feet for months . They 've clocked up nine thousand kilometres , all to make it back to the calving meadows in time . They arrive back , just as these rich meadows come to their peak . And that 's the clever bit . Thousands of calves are born within days of each other and it 's all been precision-timed . That 's because there 's just a short window when the grass is at its best and when the calves can grow up quickly on their mothers ' fortified milk . They 've met the deadline , but time doesn 't stand still . Within an hour of birth a calf is able to keep up with its mother , and will soon be ready to join the caribou herd 's annual marathon race against time . The natural rhythms of the earth hold animals in a vice-like grip . To survive , they 've simply got to keep up . But some remarkable creatures have managed to step off this time-treadmill . They 've set their own agenda . It 's the summer of 2003 and the town of Elkin , North Carolina , has been overwhelmed by a swarm of cicadas . Normally bird and mammal predators would be having a field day picking off these tasty morsels . But strangely enough , no-one 's eating them . It 's as if the cicadas aren 't really there . What 's going on ? These are periodic cicadas , so called because they 've come up with an ingenious strategy to outwit their enemies but to see it in action we have to go back in time half a century . It 's 1952 and the town of Elkin looks very different . The only familiar things are the cicadas . The residents of Elkin might have time on their hands , but the adult cicadas have no time to lose . They only have three more weeks to complete their life cycle . First they must find a partner , which they do with their own chirpy little number . Once they 've mated , the females lay all their eggs in the branches of trees . After they 've hatched the larvae fall to the ground and bury themselves . This in itself isn 't unusual . But what happens next is . If we whizz through to the same time the following year , 1953 , the fashions have moved on , but the cicadas are nowhere to be seen . In fact , we have to fast forward seventeen years to 1969 before there is any sign of them again . While Neil Armstrong takes his first steps on the moon , back on earth people are celebrating the summer of love . The cicadas have also emerged for their own summer loving . The world has moved on , but the cicadas go through the same old routine . Once again the nymphs bury themselves and disappear from view . But for how long will it be this time ? In 1986 , exactly 17 years later , they re-appear . How on earth can the next generation , buried deep underground , measure the passing of time so accurately ? It 's now thought that the cicadas pick up cues from the yearly rise and fall of sap in plant roots . Yep , these guys are actually counting . It 's only when they 've counted another 17 years that these little time travellers appear again . We 're back to where we started , in 2003 . But what 's the reason for taking time out for so long ? Well , since they show up so rarely , no animal can rely on them as a source of food . In fact most animals wouldn 't even recognize them as food - they might have seen this sight only once in a lifetime . With little to threaten them , the nymphs move into position for the last stage of their development . Here they can time-travel and emerge into adulthood in peace . By morning the whole town of Elkin is littered with their discarded nymphal shells . As long as they can accurately count up to 17 and emerge altogether , they will outwit any potential predators . It 's not just mathematically brilliant , it 's biologically clever . Periodic cicadas have , quite literally , calculated how to stay out of other creature 's mouths and in the race against time . By time travelling through three generations of cicadas we 've unlocked the secret of their success . But just imagine if we could travel back through thousands of generations . What stories would unfold in front of our eyes ? Flying around with a beak this big is no joke . How did this poor hummingbird become the Pinocchio of the bird world ? It 's the humbling story of what happens when a bird is driven to drink . All hummingbirds ' tipple of choice is sugar-rich nectar . But they have to work to get it - hovering in mid-air while shooting their long tongue down a flower . Just doing this uses up huge quantities of energy , so the more they drink , the more they need . They 're addicted to the stuff . But it 's the flowers that control the shots , because they need the birds to distribute their pollen . As the birds are given a good drink of nectar , pollen rubs off onto the bird 's forehead . As time moved on certain flowers got increasingly picky about who came for a drink . Their flowers changed shape so that not all hummers could get in . It 's like having a lock and key on the drinks cabinet . Only the birds with the right-shaped bill can get access . One bird tried to cheat the system . Thousands of years ago , swordbills with slightly longer beaks got an extra shot of nectar from the Datura flower . But their heads were no longer in contact with the pollen , so the flower grew longer in response . Over generations , flower and beak tried to outsmart each other . Both became longer and longer , increasingly dependent on each other . No other bird can reach the nectar from this outlandish flower and the swordbills are stuck in a rut too . And that could be their undoing . For them , the future is now a one-way street , one that 's more likely to be a dead end . By speeding through days , months and years we 've seen how life adapts to an ever-changing world , but is it possible for anything to truly cheat time and live forever ? We humans have done our best to extend our lifetimes . With family support , and better health we 've added decades to our life span . But there is something that 's taken almost magical control of its time on earth . To discover the secrets of its eternal life we must remain in this English churchyard , but imagine travelling back one thousand , six hundred years to a funeral in the Dark Ages . It was a simple ceremony but these early Christians were known to mark the grave by planting the sapling of a yew tree . Maybe our ancestors already had a hunch about the enduring nature of this tree . If we watch this yew sapling grow at speed , will its secrets be revealed ? In its first two hundred years it witnesses the felling of most of the wildwood around . Perhaps because it marks a grave , our yew tree is spared . It 's when it creeps into its third century that it starts to unveil mysterious powers . Only the flesh of its berries is safe to eat . The leaves and bark are highly poisonous and are left well alone . The needles are like a curse . As they fall their toxic juices leach out into the earth . It wipes out the competition so that the yew has all the goodness of the soil to itself . This is how it gives itself a head start . It might have stood out as monks were spreading the Christian faith across England , because our four hundred year old yew had become a favoured burial site . A church is built on this sacred ground . As the centuries pass the church increases in stature . Meanwhile the yew-tree seems master of its own destiny . It doesn 't just grow slowly . It appears to be able to stop itself growing altogether . These are tricks which our tree will need , because as we roll into the Middle Ages there 's trouble in store . The weather is at its worst . The winters are long and cold and it rains cats and dogs . Many of its neighbours are toppled by strong gales . But the yew stands firm . During its slow , slow growth it 's laid down hard , close-grained wood . And that gives its trunk and branches immense strength and flexibility . It weathers the middle ages , but at twelve hundred years old disaster is about to strike big time . While Cavaliers and Roundheads are tearing the country apart the yew tree has its own battle to fight . The dense wood , which served it so well , has trapped pools of water between the branches . The very heart of the tree is beginning to rot . Surely this is the end ? But at what seems like its final hour , it conjures up its most remarkable trick of all . The tree throws itself a lifeline . A young branch from the canopy does a U-turn and grows downwards ... right down into the rotting wood . There it feeds off its own compost . It has turned itself into a new root . It digs down through the heartwood into the ground , replanting itself . This is a tree that has the power to be born again , and again . Rejuvenated , the tree marches steadily on ... into the twenty-first century . It 's now sixteen hundred years old and still going strong . These days it often stands over a wedding . This yew has already outlived 80 generations of people ... but who knows how much further through time it might travel ? This ancient tree seems to know nothing of old age or death . It appears to have found life 's holy grail the ultimate time-busting strategy the ability to live forever . But the yew tree is not the only winner . Over time individuals may come and go , entire species may adapt or die . But life itself - in all its different forms - has been steadily marching through time - so far for an incredible three and a half billion years ! That 's staying power . And that 's what matters most in life 's race against time . Imagine if you could halt the constant march of time . ... if you could slow it down ... and speed it up . Imagine if you could stop time ... or even reverse it . The world about us would look quite different . Imagine no longer ... come with us as we go on a journey through time . Our lives are ruled by the clock . But our obsession with time should come as no surprise . Deep inside us we all have a clock that regulates our lives . Can this body clock tell us when we 're most likely to get drunk ? If we all wanted to live forever could this worm hold the key to eternal life ? In our busy lives we are always chasing time always trying to save it . But in a crisis how can we change time to help save ourselves ? We think of ourselves as slaves to the clock . Racing through life at breakneck speed , has become the norm . But could our pursuit of speed be the key to time travel , letting us visit the distant future ? Will we ever truly become masters of time ? Time is precious . We never seem to have enough . We 've spent centuries building clocks , all to more and more accurately measure the passing of hours , minutes and seconds . Yet it still doesn 't buy us any more of the stuff . Time has come to mean the straitjacketing of our day - the constant schedule that rules our lives . Yet , if you think about it , our everyday experience of time is far from constant . We all have long , lazy days when time seems to stand still . But time doesn 't change , only our sense of it . This sensation might all be down to how we process what we see . We can see the effect at the movies . A film seems to pass by in a seamless flow . But what we are really seeing is a series of static photographs , one following quickly after another . When slowed down it 's clear that each one is slightly different from the one before . Flash twenty-four of them past each second , and they create a sense of fluid movement . Your brain works in a similar way . When you leave the cinema you 're also seeing the world as a series of pictures . Your brain does a rapid scan of each new image to register what 's changed . It 's how we avoid bumping into things . But , like a film , we just see the joined-up effect . If we could reduce the number of images we see each second , just imagine how our sense of time would change too . Our lives would appear to flash past like an express train . The seasons would whiz past in minutes rather than months . If , on the other hand , our brains scanned a huge number of separate images every second , we 'd be swamped with detail . It would be like living in perpetual slow motion . And let 's face it , that 's just too chilled out . But not for a fly . A fly needs exactly this heightened level of awareness because it hurtles through the world at such high speed . Flies see things we don 't ; the flickering of a strip-light and the individual scans on a TV-screen . Most importantly it can see the need for a quick escape , from the fly swat , for instance . We don 't need to see the world like the fly . Day to day that level of detail is unnecessary . The rate at which we clock our surroundings is the one that best fits our pace of life . It can vary . When we 're waiting , time seems to drag . When we 're busy , time flies . But we can override all of this . We have a remarkable , hidden power over time . It kicks in during a crisis . Faced with extreme danger the mind enters an altered state . People report seeing in black and white - why bother to waste time processing colour when your brain is on overload ? But most importantly , people say time slows down . The brain is now on high alert , processing far more each second than normal . It buys you extra time-to think ... and act . So we can , when necessary , and without a second thought , fundamentally control our experience of time . Why , then , do we feel we 're such slaves to the clock ? Time is organized to a level that borders on obsession . We can now measure it to the nearest billionth of a second . How did this obsession start ? Well we 've come by it quite naturally . Even though the Egyptians were the first to formally divide daylight into hours , we were well equipped to tell the time way before this . Our earliest ancestors used the changing seasons to measure out the years . The phases of the moon marked out the months . But it was the daily arc of the sun that counted most . Nature follows this rhythm . So no surprise that the sun 's movement across the sky affects us too . Although we used the shadows it cast to mark time , the sun 's influence goes much deeper than this . It helps our bodies keep time by regulating a clock that we don 't even see . One that 's ticking away deep inside us . It 's a biological clock a master clock that 's set by the sun and which controls all aspects of our lives - when you are most alert , when you sleep , and even when you are most likely to visit the toilet . The exact location of this clock ? Right in the middle of your brain in an area called the hypothalamus . But , like man-made timepieces , this biological clock loses time . It has to be reset twice a day by the sun . It 's all done through a hotline of nerves that link this master clock , via the eye , to the outside world and so to the sun 's cycle . Mostly we 're oblivious to how our bodies keep time . And yet we 're riddled with different clocks . Even our liver has one . The liver does most of our detoxing , so knowing how it ticks is crucial if you need to stay sober , or if you really want to get legless . So what 's the low-down ? The liver is on go-slow and least able to break down alcohol around lunchtime - so drinking then will get you merrier , quicker . But a few too many does more than make you feel woozy . It can have some very strange effects on your other cycles . Your body temperature follows a very strong rhythm , which is also controlled by a biological clock . But this is knocked off track after a session at the pub . Using a thermal camera to monitor the body 's temperature scientists can track how the normal rhythm is upset . The changing colours show the temperature see-sawing through the night . It 's the disruption to this , and other body clocks , that 's thought to affect the size of your hangover . But science isn 't revealing all bad news . Just as there 's the best time to drink alcohol , there is also a prime time to take the cure . The latest research shows any medicine will most likely work best if taken at a particular time of day . It 's already known that painkillers do the job best when taken in the morning . So now you can deal with that hangover a bit quicker too . There seems to be no escape from the pressure of time . Our bodies are full of clocks regulating everything we do . But what we really want is more time and the only way to achieve that is to stretch the lifetime we 've got . When our biological clock stops ticking , so do we . Is there anything we can do to keep it going ? Scientists have always been searching for life 's holy grail-immortality . But now nature is giving them some clues . For most living things , freezing is deadly . But insects , such as this weta , some amphibians , and even a species of reptile , survive months of extreme cold by doing just this . They put time on hold . Ice-crystals usually destroy living cells . But not in these animals . When warm weather brings a thaw , they 're back in business . How they do this might prove useful one day , but some people can 't wait . They 've been frozen , in the belief that solutions to ageing and disease will be found . The catch is : you have to be dead first . After dying these optimists are suspended head first in liquid nitrogen at minus 196 degrees Centigrade . And there they remain , frozen in time , banking on a future when death can be reversed . Back in the real world , even our attempts to live longer are backfiring on us . The very air we need to breathe , is also killing us . We breathe in over 10,000 times a day and each time something in the air makes us age . It 's oxygen . Our cells need oxygen to make energy , but leftover oxygen slips away and starts a kind of rusting from within . Oxygen isn 't the only rogue element . Sunlight , pollution and tobacco smoke also form these so-called free radicals . And it 's these radicals that do the damage . The good news is there 's something that can stop the rot . Even though it proves your mum right . You have to eat your greens . Vegetables in particular contain antioxidants , which help soak up those free radicals . So broccoli and beans help keep those wrinkles at bay . If you had thought that was the bad news , well , there 's worse . The human body has a design flaw . All the billions of cells that make up our bodies contain the genetic instruction manual that makes us who we are DNA . Our cells need constant renewal and they do this by dividing . Each time the DNA instructions get copied and passed on . Sadly the system 's got a glitch and , surprisingly quickly , mistakes start creeping in . As the cells divide , a bit of DNA information might get lost . So the new cell isn 't an exact copy . It 's a bit like a game of Chinese whispers . It 's why our bodies end up looking very different from how they started . Ageing seems to be a fact of life , so how on earth can we stay forever young ? For starters you could try hiding your age . But even if all the surgery , creams , supplements and Botox in the world make you look younger , they won 't help you live forever . Still , we are pushing our lifetime as far as we can . Just a century ago life expectancy in the West was around 40 years . But thanks to better diets and medical back up , a child born now can expect to live to a ripe old age of 80 . Today in the UK there are more centenarians than ever before . In 1952 the Queen sent 225 telegrams to people on their 100th birthday . In 2003 she sent almost 5000 . But what 's our limit ? Well we believe the oldest human ever lived to 122 . So can we buy ourselves more time ? Some scientists think we can . They 've increased the life of one animal to the human equivalent of 500 years . Admittedly it 's only a worm . But it has genes that control ageing . By fiddling with these genes scientists have turned the worm , on the right , into a very ancient specimen indeed . Maybe , with a similar genetic nip and tuck , we could one day cheat time and live much , much longer . But for now , perhaps the best way to buy more time is not with science , but by having fun . You can grow even older - by staying young at heart . A happy , optimistic person could dramatically extend their life by over twenty years . Instead of reaching just 85 , you could laugh your way to 106 . So , keep on smiling . Oh , and remember to eat those greens ! Although our time eventually runs out , we 're finding ways of pushing life spans to the limit . Look after your body and it will look after you . Our brains can change how we experience time and avoid disaster . And with a little help from the sun , our body clocks keep ticking over nicely . So without even realising , our bodies already master time . But we 're not content with this . We expect more and more from the time we 've got . Which means everything else has to speed up . How has this race against time changed the world around us ? One of the biggest repercussions from doing things more quickly may have been triggered over 50,000 years ago . This was when man first set foot in Australia . The first people brought something that helped them to survive here , but it was something that may have changed the landscape forever . Fire . With fire they may have set off a chain of events that they knew nothing about . It 's just one example of how we humans cannot see the results of what we do . Not because the events aren 't dramatic , but because they happen on a timescale way , way beyond our own . To see what happened in Australia , we first have to appreciate how fire transformed these people 's lives . Fire is destructive , so why torch the very land they lived on ? It was all done to save time . With fire they could clear the land faster than ever before . And despite appearances the devastation was short lived . The bare ground was quickly filled with fresh new growth . These tender shoots attracted grazing animals . It made hunting quicker and easier . Saving time is all part of the human drive to survive . But now there 's a suggestion that these small-scale fires did more than just scorch a few plants . Only now , with the benefit of hindsight , can we see how the dramatic changes , here in Australia , might have begun . Fire was such a great time-saver that the early people relied on it more and more . As the blazes became more frequent , the plants had less and less time to grow back . Thousands of fires over thousands of generations may have changed the relationship between the plants and the climate . Eventually some of Australia 's annual monsoons just dried up . The skies cleared and the rivers ran dry . Gone was the water from in front of their eyes . But because it disappeared little by little , drop-by-drop over thousands of years , they never saw it happening . Some believed this continental-scale change in the weather dried up Australia 's largest lake . When the first people arrived , Lake Eyre covered a vast area in the middle of the country . Its disappearance coincided with man 's arrival . Tiny bits of timesaving the use of fire to clear the land and speed up the hunt for food added up , over time , to this . Australia turned into the largely desert continent we know today . And a once massive lake is gone . Fire is one of the first time saving devices but it certainly wasn 't the last . We humans will do anything to cut corners . But , even as we settled into the fast lane , we discovered something that took us up a whole new gear . The sun once ruled our day . Here we 're turning the sun 's heat into round the clock energy electricity . And with it we are changing our whole perspective on time . Since we discovered electricity , time itself has been given the shock treatment . Life today would be impossible without electricity . Everything happens with the flick of a switch . Electricity has pushed everything into over-drive . It 's the power behind the world 's fastest growing city Las Vegas . One minute there 's an empty plot of land , then a timber frame , turn the corner and the walls go up . Next street , the tiles go on . Opposite the houses are finished . And round the corner people have already moved in ready to live the dream . There can be a thousand new people a week , riding in on this power surge . It 's taken just decades to turn a vast area of desert into downtown . But it 's not just Vegas . It 's everywhere . Electricity hasn 't just transformed the world . It 's turned night into day . In Vegas buildings go up , even in the dark . When the sun goes down , the city lights up . The effect is like a whoop of victory over our age-old slavery to daylight . Now there 's no need to wait for anything . The slot machines , one-arm bandits , restaurants , are all open 24 hours a day . Dinnertime is anytime . Here you won 't run out of time only money . This round-the-clock existence is not just changing our habits . Many of the animals that share our cities have always been nocturnal . But 24-hour light is making some of them behave in strange ways . Birds come into our cities for warmth from the lights , especially at Christmas . But the light has also meant that some birds are singing their dawn chorus in the middle of the night . The trees are confused too . Longer nights in autumn signal the shedding of leaves . But trees growing by street lamps are now keeping their leaves longer than those in the dark . We can only wonder what this is doing to our own body clocks . Electricity has encouraged us to expect more and more from our day . We 're burning the candle at both ends . Electricity hasn 't just accelerated changes to the landscape . It 's given us control over the night as well as the day . It 's changed our whole attitude to time . Today our need for speed means we want everything now . And with so many of us all chasing the clock , we must get our food from plant to plate as quickly as possible . How have we done that ? Take rice - Across Asia it 's the staple diet for two billion people . It feeds over half the world 's population . In Indonesia the landscape is dominated by it . Huge tracts of the jungle have been replaced by rice fields and terraces . Devoting large areas of land to one single crop is the only way to feed so many people , quickly and easily . But this is just the start of high-speed farming . Rice growing still needs a large work force . And despite many hands making light work - it still takes a lot of time to grow and harvest . So what can be done to speed things up and save time ? Where possible machines take over . This is how we get our daily bread . Huge combine harvesters clear wheat-fields quickly and efficiently . But there 's another , bigger problem . Nature controls the speed at which food plants grow and ripen . And of course that dictates when they hit the shops . About 30 years ago tomatoes were only available in the summer . Now they 're in our shopping trollies year-round . There are plum tomatoes , vine-ripened tomatoes , cherry tomatoes , vittoria , pomodorino . We have an insatiable appetite for them : The British alone consume 420,000 tonnes every year . What happened to the humble tomato ? The tomato plant fell under our complete control . And what helped us do this was the glasshouse . With glasshouses , tomato growth went high-tech . In a short space of time the greenhouse has gone from rustic garden potting place to megalithic tomato factory . This one covers over 11 hectares of the English countryside . But it 's about as far from nature as you can get . Is this is a window on the future ? It 's a precision-controlled world within a world , where growing time is compressed and tomatoes hurtle through their cycle at unnatural speed . They 're grown in a special mineral base and drip-fed the water and food they need . As the temperature gets too hot the windows open automatically and once the best growing temperature is reached , they close . This is performance growth 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . Seasons are a thing of the past . There 's even a boiler , which kicks in to stop the tomatoes catching a chill . Nothing is left to chance . They ripen double-quick and then they 're picked . Even this happens round the clock . And although it 's done by hand , it 's made as easy as possible so no time is wasted . Demand is rocketing . It might not be long before we 're eating more tomatoes than any other fruit . No wonder we 're doing all we can to grow them as fast as possible . To speed up nature we have created artificial worlds . Is it only a matter of time before all we grow comes under our control ? The tomato 's rise , from market garden fruit to techno-plant , is just one of the many ways in which we 've taken time and shrunk it . If you drive down time , you drive down cost . Time is now money . So , where on earth do we go from here ? Iron-ore , coal , copper and aluminium are the raw ingredients of our material world . To get enough of them , you have to shift shed-Ioads of earth . This iron-ore mine in Australia is one of the most enormous holes in the ground we 've ever created . But where are the miners ? Who 's doing all the work ? Men have been replaced by monster machines . One 40 tonne scoop does the work of hundreds of men in a fraction of the time . The ultimate labour-saving device . Backbreaking work that used to take one man one month , now takes one minute . We have the power to move mountains . And what 's more , we can do it with breath-taking speed . A mine that today takes 30 years to dig , might , in the future , take only 30 days . But what 's behind the rush ? This iron ore is the essential ingredient in our drive to beat time . It goes to make steel and beyond that , all the tools that save us precious minutes . But one product above all , has changed our experience of time . This train is carrying enough ore to make 15,000 of them . The most revolutionary time saving machine ever invented . The car , perhaps more than anything else , has accelerated the way we live . It 's possibly our first ever time machine . It gives us the freedom to travel further , faster than ever before . The first ones didn 't exactly take your breath away . Though at the time people thought you 'd suffocate if you went much faster . But that didn 't hold us back ! Top speeds have gone from barely more than walking pace to over 300 kilometres per hour , in less than a century . A century ago most people never left their own village . Today we can get to anywhere on the planet in less than 48 hours . Because we can get about so fast , we 're always on the move . Speed is how we beat time . And speed may be the key to our ultimate dream . Time travel . Imagine being able to turn back the clock , and relive your life . Imagine turning your car into a time machine and taking a journey through time . Well today we are much closer to turning this dream into a reality . And that 's because we now know there 's no such thing as the constant march of time . In 1905 Albert Einstein suggested the mind-bending theory that time varies with speed . He proved that the length of one second depends on how fast you 're moving . The faster you travel the slower that second would take . So what would this mean in practice ? Take these twins . One travels into space at phenomenal speed , leaving his brother behind on earth . Neither will notice a change in time but when they meet again they 'll see a big difference . When our space traveller completes what was-for him a 4-month trip , he finds his brother on earth has aged over 40 years . The younger twin has time travelled into his brother 's future . So how fast would he have been going ? Something close to the speed of light . That 's around 300,000 kilometres per second . But is this actually possible ? Well in just 100 years we 've gone from top speeds of 12 kilometres an hour to 7 times the speed of sound . The speed of light is still a long way off , but new breakthroughs could find us hurtling towards it faster than we ever imagined . However far-fetched time travel may seem , don 't brush it off as a dream . Lots of things once seemed impossible . A little over a hundred years ago , the idea of talking to someone on the other side of the world , would have been laughed at . Today a telephone call to New Zealand where words move at the speed of light is taken for granted . So time travel might happen sooner than you think . But what about the time travel we see in science fiction ? Going back , as well as forward , in time ? Scientists have discovered tunnels that connect two areas of space , which might just do this . These tunnels , called wormholes , are a short cut between two points in time . At the moment it 's still a theory but , given time ... So , if you could become a Time Lord , what power would you have ? Just imagine the options . You could head into the future to visit your great grandchildren , perhaps even see their children 's children . What kind of world would they be living in ? You might prefer to take a trip into the past . Visit the world of the ancient Egyptians and see how they built the pyramids . Would you tell the early fire-makers of Australia the consequences of their actions ? Maybe you 'd go see the spectacles of the world , witness the creation of the Grand Canyon . You could even walk with dinosaurs ... Would you go back into the unknown , over 15 billion years , to witness the creation of the Universe and the very beginning of Time ? If you could become a true master of time where would you go ? What would you dare to change ?
