 Sub Rip by Frost This is Rudy BehImer speaking . For the next 71 minutes , I 'II be talking about the background and making of the 1933 film version of HG wells 's novel The Invisible Man , a film that still plays remarkably well . Various outlines , treatments and scripts were submitted by 12 writers , before RC Sherriff 's approach was accepted by all involved , including author HG wells . Four different directors were slated at various times to handle the production , before James whale was set . Boris karloff was definitely the studio 's choice for the title role until late in preproduction . The amazing special effects of 1933 by John FuIton are still amazing in this day of seemingly boundless effects technology , but details on all this and much more will follow as we go along . No , the music you are hearing is not Tchaikovsky 's Swan Lake , which was used under the main title for four universal horror films , beginning with Dracula in 1931 , but this is an original score by Heinz RoemheId . It 's a sparse score , to say the least . After the opening , you won 't hear any more of it until the Iast seven minutes of the film . The film and HG wells ' novel open in the exact same way . I quote from the beginning of chapter one in the book : " The stranger came early in February one wintry day , through a biting wind and a driving snow , the Iast snowfall of the year , over the down , walking as it seemed from BrambIehurst railway station . " " He was wrapped up from head to foot , and the brim of his soft felt hat hid every inch of his face but the shiny tip of his nose ; the snow had piled itself against his shoulders and chest , and added a white crest to the burden he carried . " wells 's story took place in the West Sussex village of Iping in england , but British director James whale drew upon his memories of growing up in the town of dudley , in the West midlands of england , in order to cast and direct character types . whale said " I do not doubt that when DudIey people see this film , they will recognise some of these types . " The village inn , in the film called " The Lion 's Head " , has a cross section of types engaging in characteristic activity . typical inn and pub . Conversation , laughter , a few pints of ale , and darts . Enter the mysterious stranger . He is dramatically pointed up by a series of three successively closer shots , similar to whale 's introduction of Frankenstein 's monster , played by Boris karloff in the 1931 production of Frankenstein . But the voice you 're going to hear is certainly not KarIoff 's . Rather , the unmistakable and unique vocal delivery of claude Rains , who was making his first sound film . What happened regarding the planned casting of Boris karloff in the title role ? After his success in Frankenstein , and to a lesser extent , The Mask of Fu Manchu , on Ioan to MGM , and The Mummy , back at his home studio , universal regarded him as a fuII-fIedged star , and all along had planned for him to do The Invisible Man . But the Great Depression had taken its toll on universal , as well as most of the other studios , and they were in dire straits . In May 1933 , when KarIoff returned from england , where he had been on Ioan to Gaumont-British for The Ghoul , he was still set for the starring role in The Invisible Man . Then , in June , he encountered contract problems with universal . As the trade paper Variety reported , " universal is continuing its policy of dumping contract players as soon as they reach the big-money class , and substituting them with new people at less money . " " The latest universal star to go off the list is Boris karloff . " " At the studio 18 months , KarIoff had been drawing $ 750 per week and was scheduled to get $ 1250 on his coming option jump . " " The sum represented a jump of $ 500 , or $ 250 each for two option periods . " " KarIoff waived the previous option increase , which would have boosted his salary to $ 1000 , on condition that he would get the full amount on the next option . " " universal refused to meet the figure , which came due Thursday , and KarIoff walked . " whale offered the role to fellow Britisher colin CIive , who had been the director 's leading man in both the stage and screen versions of the weII-received Journey 's End , and who played the Ieading role of Dr Frankenstein , who creates the monster , in whale 's 1931 film of Frankenstein . But CIive , who had a marvellous voice and delivery , had just completed two additional film roles in hollywood , and wanted to get back to england , although the part did appeal to him . In the British magazine Picturegoer , in july 1933 : " colin CIive gets a kick out of playing parts like his grim role in Frankenstein . " " He certainly does not see himself as a leading man or romantic lover . " " He wants the strong stuff . " Now what ? whale remembered CIaude Rains , and discovered that he had made a screen test for RKO Radio Pictures for the Ieading male role in A Bill of Divorcement in 1932 . apparently it was not good . In fact , it was , in the actor 's own words , " the worst screen test in the history of movie-making " . He said that when whale saw it , he howled with laughter . incidentally , the part in A Bill of Divorcement went to Iuminary John Barrymore . But whale wanted Rains and his special presence . A test was made , and Rains , who had been appearing in Broadway plays , was signed at virtually the Iast moment . unless one had seen him on the stage in his native england , or in New York , the unique and commanding texture of his vocal delivery would be a new experience for movie-goers at that time . That 's why whale wanted him , for his voice . whale knew Rains and his work and he knew the voice had to be a distinctive one because of the unusual nature of the role . He also wanted a highIy-trained and consummate actor , who would be able to give extra dimensions to what might be regarded as merely a highIy-charged , melodramatic role . Rains had played a vast range of roles in his many years in the theatre , and was never typecast . So far , the film has been following the HG wells novel very closely , but RC Sherriff quite rightly felt that some changes in wells 's novel were necessary in order to present a more unified structure for a 70-minute film and to give the mysterious stranger certain sympathetic qualities for contrast . Sherriff 's modifications were thoughtful and not capricious . A change of scene . We are introduced in this sequence to two characters not in the novel at all , but very much a strong presence in the screenplay . Dr CranIey , played by Henry Travers , is obviously a scientist or medical man , and we shortly find out that the mysterious man at the inn is probably Jack Griffin , a scientist employed by Dr CranIey who has been gone for a month , working on a private experiment . But his whereabouts are unknown . flora , played by gloria Stuart , is Dr CranIey 's distressed daughter , who , we can tell , is very much in love with Jack Griffin , the stranger at the inn . To get maximum mileage from this character introduction and exposition , we learn a bit about Griffin 's secretive experiments , which , combined with what we 've seen of his actions previously at the inn , and the film 's title , The Invisible Man , leaves little doubt about what he 's been up to . The gradual reveaIment is a necessary dramatic setup for the events that will follow . This exposition of character relationships is expanded by the introduction of Dr Kemp , played by william Harrigan , a character in the novel whose role is greatly enlarged for dramatic purposes in the film . He obviously is in the employ of flora 's father , as is Jack Griffin , the Rains character . It 's necessary to get flora and Kemp to another area , via whale 's use of the lateral camera move , which , as in the theatre , breaks away walls and leads us to another room . Now Kemp is able to have a more intimate discussion with flora . He 's presented here as a romantic rival for flora , and as a not particularly charming suitor . while under contract to universal Pictures for four years , gloria Stuart , who plays flora , did two other films for director James whale : The Old Dark House in 1932 and The Kiss Before the Mirror in 1933 . Stuart has said that whale was an exceptionally well prepared and enthusiastic director . On his script , he had each camera setup for the day 's shooting noted in his own handwriting opposite the dialogue . Many other performers and technicians have noted whale 's meticulous approach . william Harrigan had been an actor on the stage since the age of five . In 1929 , he went to hollywood with the advent of talking pictures , and the mass exodus of many Broadway players . Now , Dr Kemp is declaring , quite emphatically , his feelings for flora , who , not too subtly , is surrounded by flowers in the photographic compositions . flora , flowers . Anyway , flora amply demonstrates a definitive example of the attraction / repulsion theory by her reaction to Kemp 's romantic overture . In this instance , repulsion wins hands down . meanwhile , back at the inn , the mysterious stranger is trying desperately to find a solution to an aspect of his experiment , one of many , that we 're not too clear about as yet . We wonder about his intense frustration . Una O 'Connor , whose real name was Agnes McGIade , was born in belfast , ireland in 1880 . She attended convent school , and joined the school of the Abbey players in dublin . She made her official debut in 191 1 . Una acted with the Abbey players , the Irish Repertory Company , and the Irish Literary Theatre , in plays by Shakespeare , O 'Casey , Yeats , Ibsen , Shaw and GaIsworthy . In 1913 , she made her London debut at Court Theatre , and she acted in various London plays . In 1931 , there was that great success Cavalcade , which featured Una as the cockney charwoman . When Fox planned to film the noel Coward play , they sent for Una , and merle Tottenham , who had played the maid of Cavalcade , and reprises that role in this film . In 1933 , James whale , who had known Una from the London stage , invited her and merle to act in his invisible Man . For many years , she appeared in many memorable hollywood films , including James whale 's sequel to Frankenstein , the 1935 Bride of Frankenstein . Some of her other supporting roles include The Barretts of Wimpole Street , David Copperfield , The informer , The Adventures of Robin Hood , The Sea Hawk , How Green Was my Valley , Random Harvest , The Bells of St Mary 's , and Adventures of Don Juan . There are many British players in this film , most from theatre , both in england and America , and some who arrived in hollywood after the introduction of sound . whale had worked with or knew them , and naturally felt comfortable when he personally cast them in the film . This gentleman is Forrester Harvey , who was born in County Cork , ireland , in 1884 . He moved to London at a very young age , and before coming to America in 1924 Harvey had been featured in english film comedies for ten years . He then appeared in New York plays . Returning to London , he accepted the role of Lieutenant Trotter in the WhaIe-directed hit play Journey 's End , and then again came to America , this time to stay . His film roles include Tarzan the Ape Man , Red Dust , Tarzan and his Mate , Captain Blood , Rebecca , The Invisible Man Returns , the 1941 Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde , The Wolf Man , Mrs Miniver and many others . We now see that the stranger is capable of a furious outburst , and we 'II see extreme violence , a portent of his obviously unstable and dangerous state . Una O 'Connor is capable of bursting forth with an incredible volley of high-decibeI cackIes , screams , shrieks that seem rather over the top , to say the least . There 's another scene a little later where she reprises her full complement of these . Fair warning . obviously , director James whale didn 't think it was too rich . In fact , two years later , he had her going through her screech repertoire again for Bride of Frankenstein . But interestingly , you don 't hear her going anywhere near that level in her many other fine characterisations through the decades . HG wells 's novel The Invisible Man was first serialised in england in Pearson 's Weekly , in 1897 , and then published in book form that same year . universal had a synopsis in the late 1920s , when wells 's agent was offering motion picture rights . MGM apparently turned it down in 1931 because of potential technical obstacles . But universal , by late 1931 , was seriously considering the title as one of the foIIow-ups to their Dracula and Frankenstein . The studio executives turned to John FuIton , the head of what was then referred to as the " trick department " , to see if it was possible to create and execute acceptable effects for the subject . FuIton said yes , so universal bought the story rights on September 22nd 1931 for $ 10,000 , with author HG wells granted script approval as part of the deal . The studio also bought , about that same time , a new 1931 novel by philip WyIie called The Murderer invisible . But more about that anon . John FuIton , nicknamed " The Doctor " around the lot , knew that the traveIIing-matte technique would be the way to approach the most dazzling of the effects . Before coming to work at universal , FuIton worked for the Frank williams Laboratory in hollywood . where the traveIIing-matte system had evolved . FuIton wrote an article on The Invisible Man for the June 1934 issue of American Cinematographer , and I quote : " pulling off a nose . This scene was made by using a dummy , an exact replica of the player 's make-up . " " And then the unwrapping action was handled in the same fashion as the other haIf-cIad scenes , that is , by multiple printing with travelling mattes . " " We had considerable trouble in getting the actor to move naturally , yet without ever passing his hands in front of himself . " This is only a warm-up , of course , for the multiplicity of effects that follow . We are now about 1 7 minutes into the film , and the buiId-up to this moment has been just right . We were allowed one brief profile shot of an invisible mouth , chin and jaw several minutes ago , and now with the unwrapping shots we wait with fascinating anticipation to see what lengths the invisibility presentation will take us next . For the undressing scenes , RC Sherriff wrote a note in his screenplay ... Wait a minute . I guess the invisible man doesn 't wear underwear . Anyway , his note says : " I suggest that trick photography be employed here , as far as possible , with the aid of invisible wire frames manipulated by the marionette method . " But , as FuIton explained , " the wire technique could not be used , for the clothes would look empty and would hardly move naturally " . " So we had recourse to multiple printing with variations . " " Most of these scenes involve other , normal characters , so we shot these scenes in the normal manner but without any trace of the invisible man . " " AII of the action , of course , had to be carefully timed , as in any sort of doubIe-exposure work . " " The negative was then developed in the normal manner . " " The scenes in which he is totally invisible are , of course , very simple . " " Anything he may move about , such as furniture , books , a bicycle and so on , could be moved by fine wires invisible to the camera , and thereby give exactly the right effect . " Actor EE CIive , playing the police constable , made his film debut in The Invisible Man . incidentally , his first name was Edward . Born in wales , clive was a master of the various dialects of the British isles , and toured extensively in the provinces after taking up a stage career at the age of 22 . He moved to the United States in 1912 . He only spent seven years in hollywood films before dying from a heart attack , but in that short span , racked up over 80 movies . We 've now moved from melodrama into knockabout comedy , with the invisible man leading us through a parade of whale 's expertly choreographed physical wire effects , all carefully rigged and executed by AI Johnson and Bob LasIow . Of course , the actors had to move and react convincingly to make these quick cuts work . A bicycle riding away by itself is on a concealed track , and wires above kept the bike upright . The invisible man 's patter during this collage was not in the script , but was probably post-recorded by Rains . Much of Rains ' dialogue throughout the film was either pre - or post-recorded . Most of the exteriors made were shot on the back lot at universal . EE CIive worked for director James whale in five additional films . One More River , Bride of Frankenstein , Remember Last Night ? , Show Boat , and The Great Garrick . Some of his other credits include A Tale of Two Cities , Captain Blood , Libeled Lady , Camille , The Charge of the Light Brigade , The Hound of the Baskervilles , The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes , and his last film , Hitchcock 's Foreign Correspondent in 1940 . Not only a change of scene , but a total change in mood . More developments regarding Jack Griffin 's experiments , and one major discovery coming up , regarding a dangerous drug . We are so accustomed to the wonderful character actor Henry Travers being cast as a whimsical , bemused benign person , often slightly eccentric , that it 's curious here to see him playing seemingly straight and sombre . This was only his fourth film . although born of Irish parents in england on the Scottish border in 187 4 , he had been in America since the beginning of the 20th century , and appeared for years on Broadway in major works , including seven plays by George Bernard Shaw , in addition to Liliom , Volpone and Reunion in Vienna , et cetera . He made his film debut in the latter in 1933 . Travers , whose real name was Travers Heagerty , had appeared in two plays with CIaude Rains , Camel Through the Needle 's Eye in 1929 and the stage version of The Good Earth in 1932 . Dr CranIey tells Kemp about the drug monocane . The doctor has discovered this on a list of chemicals which had been left behind by Griffin . CranIey refers to monocane as " a terrible drug " that " draws colour from everything it touches " . He also says that the drug gradually induces madness . The fictional monocane was an invention by screenwriter RC Sherriff . In the book , Griffin , a university student , has damaged his mind with strychnine . But by having monocane be part of the invisibility formula as well as a mind-aItering drug , which presumably was not known by Griffin , per the dialogue in this scene , gives an acceptable motive for his various acts in the film , versus the book 's one-note monomania . In the 1940 universal sequel The Invisible Man Returns , the name of the drug is changed to duocane , presumably marketed underground as " New , improved and doubIe-strength " . A few of Henry Travers ' 52 films include Ball of Fire , High Sierra , Mrs Miniver , Random Harvest , Hitchcock 's Shadow of a Doubt , and that hardy perennial , Frank Capra 's lt 's a Wonderful Life in 1946 as the memorable CIarence , the angel . He died in 1965 . A quiet evening at home , reading and listening to the radio . A sidebar , if I may : The tune being played on the radio is that apotheosis of maudlin sentimentality " Hearts and flowers " , performed in an oId-fashioned manner even for 1933 , on what sounds like an upright piano with all the frills and trills . presumably , this is an inside joke , put in by a music editor some years later , to replace the music used for the initial release of the film . That music was " La Rosita " , a 1923 composition that became a semi-standard . The substitution probably stemmed from a music clearance situation . The invisible man has decided to pay a visit to his old colleague . The radio announcer begins the news with a report about an invisible man in the village of Iping . Kemp is interested . Then the radio , of course , is turned off by you know who . Both writer RC Sherriff and director whale did not want to rely on just the invisible man 's voice to indicate his presence during scenes when he 's totally invisible , as in this situation . They wanted the audience to be drawn to the character , so everything was set up , staged and photographed to this end . whale told Film Weekly " It was all very well to film the scenes without the actor , but I knew that I had in some way to let the audience know clearly that the actor was there all the time , although he was invisible . " " Therefore , in nearly every one of the ' invisible ' scenes , I had to devise bits of business so the audience should know where he was , what he was doing and so on . " " In one scene , I made him sit in a rocking chair , so by the movements of the chair , the audience would realise he was there , although there was no sign of his presence . " " He 's sitting in a chair talking to another person . " " I showed the seat of the chair sagging slightly as he sat down . " " Then , when his voice became more confidential , I had the chair moved a few inches toward the other person , as though the invisible man had drawn it closer for more intimate conversation . " although we have been seeing strictly wire effects here , Sherriff and whale mix it with intriguing traveIIing-matte work you 've just seen , for the cigarette lighter , the handling of the cigarette and smoking effect . william Harrigan , the actor playing Kemp , was a Iast-minute substitute for Chester Morris , who had been scheduled for the role . Morris was a leading player , who had come from the theatre to hollywood . He had starred in The Big House , The Bat Whispers and The Red-Headed Woman opposite Jean HarIow , just before being slated for The Invisible Man . But , when newcomer to American films CIaude Rains was signed and given top billing , Morris , who already was unhappy with his unsympathetic and colourless role , after finally reading the script , bowed out around mid-June , shortly before the start of filming . Harrigan and claude Rains had recently appeared in the weII-received Theatre guild production on Broadway of the Irish drama , The Moon in the Yellow River . It 's possible that Rains recommended him to whale after Morris pulled out . Harrigan had become a leading man on the Broadway stage by his 21st birthday . His family was one of the oldest in theatre history , having been on the stage uninterruptedIy since 1660 . Some of Harrigan 's films include 'G ' Men with James Cagney , The Farmer 's Daughter , with Loretta Young , Desert Fury with Burt Lancaster and Flying Leathernecks with John Wayne . He created the role of the Captain in the stage production of the extremely popular Mister Roberts in 1948 , and stayed with it during its original three-year run . His sister was film and stage actress Nedda Harrigan . The actor died in 1966 at age 79 . I would Iike to talk about the person who wrote The Invisible Man novel in 1897 , HG wells . Herbert George wells . An english novelist and journalist , who was known for his science fiction , his satirical novels and his popular books on history and science . He was a vigorous advocate of socialism , feminism , evoIutionism , nationalism and the advancement of science . Often called the first great writer of science fiction , wells wrote The Time Machine , The Island of Dr Moreau , The Invisible Man , The War of the Worlds , The First Men in the Moon , among many others . They were all published at the end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th . wells was not the first to write about a person becoming invisible . In 1833 , James DaIton composed an ambitious cautionary tale in a three-decker novel called The Invisible Gentleman . Later , Edward Page mitchell dealt with the subject in a story called The Crystal Man in 1881 . And CH Hinton wrote a tale of invisibility titled Stella in 1895 . These are just a few examples . In The Invisible Man novel , wells writes about Griffin 's experiments that involve a fourth dimension , in this case , light . Refraction , reflection . He goes into pigment research and optical density , which determines the degree of visibility of things . There is a two-phase process using a drug and a mechanical device . By an ingenious use of scientific patter it all seems perfectly logical and feasible , especially since wells wrote in a very straightforward style . Of course , his books contain highly imaginative ideas that have been the basis for many films over the past 100 years . In the film , the invisibility experiments are reduced to Griffin talking about trying " a thousand experiments , a thousand failures " , and mentioning " a mixture of drugs " . Add to this Dr CranIey discussing monocane in an earlier scene , and that takes care of what the audience is allowed to know . The scene between Griffin and Kemp was used for CIaude Rains ' test . He had been appearing in the play Peace Palace in New York in early June 1933 , so the test probably was made in New York and was not directed by whale . also , Rains was not done up in bandages and goggles for the test . The actor said that he had never read the novel , and he had no idea that his face would not be seen during the film . Rains said " For five years - five years , mind - I was prating to the Theatre guild about my artistic integrity . My artistic integrity ! " " Then , the first day at the studio , James brought over some bandages . " " I asked about them and he said I was to be bandaged during most of the picture . " " And I had been fighting with the Theatre guild about my artistic integrity ! " " It served me right . " Rains recalled also that " James kept talking about this and that in pictures , about actors of whom I 'd never heard . " " When he learned I 'd only seen six films or so in my Iife , he told me to go right out and see pictures , to see three a day until I knew something about them . " Now , listen to Griffin 's plan . I ... You mean ... ? I must have a partner , Kemp , a visible partner , to help me in the little things . You 're my partner , Kemp . We 'll begin with a reign of terror . A few murders here and there . Murders of great men and murders of little men , just to show we make no distinction . We might even wreck a train or two . Just these fingers round a signalman 's throat , that 's all . We think of claude Rains ' very distinctive and dramatically appealing voice , but it was not always thus . william CIaude Rains was born in 1889 in London . The family was poor . Hating school and teased by classmates because of a serious speech impediment , he ran away at a very young age . After appearing in a crowd scene on the stage of London 's Haymarket Theatre , Rains , at age 10 in 1900 , made the monumental decision to devote his life to the theatre . But in addition to a broad cockney accent and a stutter , Rains had other speech problems . Over 50 years later , when Rains received the medal for Good Speech on the Stage , in New York , he recalled : " almost my first occupation in the theatre was a callboy . " " I had to summon actors from their dressing rooms to the stage . " " It was difficult to be taken seriously because I had a speech impediment . " " I had no Rs . If anyone asked my name , my answer came out as ' willy Wains ' . " I had ideas that someday I would become an actor , so the aII-important thing was to get rid of the impediment . " " I discovered I had a ' lazy tongue ' , the muscle of which had never properly been used , because my mother thought I talked ' pwettiIy ' . " But Rains worked hard to overcome his problem . He took eIocution lessons , did voice and speech exercises , and worked on them with great intensity . He also listened , and observed everything in the theatrical atmosphere around him . He made his adult acting debut as CIaude Rains in 191 1 , again at the Haymarket Theatre , his voice and speech problems conquered . WaIter Brennan , before he became a major character actor . In the British Army in France during world War I , Rains was subjected to heavy artillery bombardment and poison gas . As a result , while in the infirmary he discovered that his vocal chords had been paralysed , and that his right eye was almost completely blind . eventually he was able to speak again , and Rains later would say that the unique , husky quality of his voice was due to the effects of the poison gas . But his near-bIindness in his right eye was another matter . only his family and some very close friends were aware of it . That lasted through the rest of his life . Rains had a distinguished career on the London stage , playing in some very important productions , including a series of George Bernard Shaw plays . He also became an acting teacher at the famous royal Academy of Dramatic Art , where he worked with such students and later Iuminaries as Laurence olivier and John GieIgud . In late 1926 , he moved to the Broadway stage in American touring companies of hit plays . Rains went on to become , in the late 1920s , the Theatre guild 's outstanding character actor . Now we 're going to see more physical effects - mostly wire effects - coming up to get material out of his room and down to the street . None of this involved travelling mattes , but it involved heavy-wire work that you couldn 't see because of the thinness of the wires . The actor playing Inspector Bird is Britisher Harry Stubbs , who had been in American films since 1929 . Horror film buffs will recognise him from later appearances in Werewolf of London , The Invisible Man Returns , The Mummy 's Hand , The Wolf Man and Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man . For those who wanted yet another round of Una 's shrieks , this is the moment . It is also her grand finale for this film . In 1954 , Una was a very frail and weak 7 4 years old , but she couldn 't resist taking the part of the deaf Scottish maid whose testimony provides comic relief in Agatha Christie 's play Witness for the Prosecution . A major hit , it ran for 645 performances in New York . Una 's portrayal delighted audiences . billy wilder directed the film version , starring Tyrone Power , charles Laughton and marlene Dietrich in 1957 , and Una went to hollywood for her last screen appearance , recreating her role . She died in 1959 at the age of 78 . Two years earlier , James whale , when he died , had left a bequest to the actress . Now the invisible man has started to put into practice his " reign of terror " . Remember that speech about beginning with a few murders , here and there ? Inspector Bird was his first murder victim , but we know there are more to come , perhaps on a big scale . Here 's actor John Carradine , then known as John Peter Richmond , when he was playing small roles around hollywood . Coming up very soon is one of the most ingenious but complicated traveIIing-matte shots in the film . SpeciaI-effects technician John FuIton will explain in his own words his working methods for the matte shots . As stated earlier , the scenes involving the invisible man partially clothed or totally invisible but with props such as cigarettes or lighters visible , along with other characters on the set , were photographed as normal , but without any evidence of the invisible man and / or the handled props . The negative was then developed . After the entire film was finished shooting , FuIton and his crew , along with director James whale , began the special process work . Said FuIton " We used a completely black set , walled and floored with black velvet , to be as nearly non-refIective as possible . " " Our actor was garbed from head to foot in black velvet tights , with black gloves and a black headpiece rather like a diver 's helmet . " " Over this , he wore whatever clothes might be required . " " This gave us a picture of unsupported clothes moving on a dead black field . " From this negative , we made a print and a duplicate negative , which we intensified to serve as mattes for printing . " " Then , with an ordinary printer , we made our composite . " Now here 's that scene I was talking about . John FuIton says " This shot had to show the man himself from the rear , and his reflection in the mirror . " " ordinarily this would be simple enough , but when you add the difficulties of showing the unwrapping of an invisible head , you have some complicated problems to solve . " " This required the making of four separate takes , combined by the traveIIing-matte printing system into one picture . " " First , there was the shot of the wall and the mirror , with the mirror itself masked out by black velvet . " " Next , a separate shot of the opposite wall of the room , as reflected in the mirror . " " ThirdIy , the shot of the invisible man from the rear , unwrapping his bandages , and lastly , the reflection of him from the front doing the same act . " " AII of these had to be perfectly coordinated , matched in viewpoint , perspective and action to a fraction of an inch . " " several of the negatives required hand retouching . " " And last , but far from least , the action had to be figured out so that the hands of the actor did not pass between himself and the camera or between the reflection and the camera . " " It was as difficult a shot as I have ever made . " In some scenes it was possible to leave small eyehoIes in the black headpiece the person in the aII-bIack outfit had on . But for other shots , such as the close shots of the head unwrapping , this was not possible , and the actor had to work blind . Sometimes the actor was CIaude Rains , but often it was a double . Air was supplied through tubes , as in a diving suit . The tubes were mostly concealed , running up a trouser leg . FuIton recalled that on at Ieast one occasion either the air supply developed a problem , or the summer heat along with the units lighting the set ... In any case , something . The double was overcome and he fainted mid-scene . FuIton recalled " In nearly all of these scenes , though they were made silent , it was difficult , sometimes impossible , to direct the actor . " " The helmet muffled the sound from outside , and the air tubes made a roaring rumble in his ears , which drowned out any sounds which might filter through the padding . " " When I used a Iarge megaphone , and shouted at the top of my voice , he could just barely hear a faint murmur . " " accordingly , we had to rehearse , and rehearse , and then make many takes . " " As a rule , by take 20 of any such scene , we felt ourselves merely well started toward getting our shot . " also , care had to be taken to get the actor to move naturally , yet in a way that did not present , for example , an open sIeeve-end to the camera , which would destroy the illusion . also , the actor couldn 't pass his hands in front of himself . Of course , there were small imperfections that were not detected until those involved viewed the developed and printed film the next day . Fixing these slight problem areas was accomplished by individuals who carefully retouched the film , frame by frame , with a very small brush and opaque dye . According to FuIton , approximately 64,000 frames were retouched in this way . until universal 's The Invisible Man Returns in 1940 , there was no attempt to deal with such spectacular invisibility effects in films . But , on a somewhat less spectacular level , in 1937 producer hai Roach made his first of three Topper features . The story related the humorous adventures of two ghosts , husband and wife , played by Cary Grant and Constance Bennett . They sometimes appeared in a transparent mode , other times they were invisible , and they often appeared to be completely visible . Roy Seawright 's effects weren 't as elaborate as those in The Invisible Man , but they were well done . One of the challenges for John FuIton , when he was doing his special invisible shots against a black velvet background , was matching the lighting on the visible part of the shots with the general lighting used by the cinematographer , Arthur Edeson , on the normal parts of the production . The Invisible Man was the Iast of five pictures Arthur Edeson photographed with James whale . The two apparently got along well . There were never any arguments or disagreements . whale learned a Iot from Edeson , beginning with their first film together , Waterloo Bridge in 1931 , and then Frankenstein that same year . But Edeson moved elsewhere after The Invisible Man . One of his major productions soon after was the 1935 Mutiny on the Bounty at MGM . Then there was the classic 1941 Maltese Falcon with Humphrey Bogart , and he just happened to photograph a picture called Casablanca in 1942 . Here 's John Carradine again . He was born Richmond Reed Carradine , but his name was changed to John Carradine when he went under contract to Twentieth Century Fox in 1935 . Arthur Edeson went way back as a cinematographer , way back to 191 4 . He shot some of douglas Fairbanks Senior 's big productions in the 1920s , including Robin Hood and The Thief of Bagdad . He did the first version of The Lost World in 1925 . Edeson and director Lewis milestone for All Quiet on the Western Front , in 1930 , Iiberated the camera from the cumbersome booths that had been used to muffle noise when sound was introduced in the late 1920s . believe it or not , there were motion pictures dealing with invisibility as far back as 1904 . A little number called The Invisible Siva , a Georges MeIies French production . MeIies was famous for doing trick films with the magic executed in the camera . Another French production , The Invisible Thief , was done in 1905 . The Invisible Fluid in 1908 bestowed temporary invisibility on men and inanimate objects . Then came the British invisible Dog in 1910 . The Light Unseen in 191 4 featured an invisible scientist . A 1923 feature picture directed by roland West called The Unknown Purple has an inventor , played by Henry B WaIthaII , discovering a purple light that renders the user invisible . He utilises the light to revenge himself against those who framed him for theft . And in 1933 , the same year The Invisible Man was made , there was a German film called The Invisible Man Goes Through the City . Even animated cartoons tried the invisible man theme . One example is a 1939 Warner Brothers Looney Tunes called Porky 's Movie Mystery , featuring Porky Pig as Mr Motto . No , not Mr Moto . He 's a detective trying to track down the invisible man , who is creating problems at the film studio . finally , the character becomes visible , and is revealed to be the caricatured image of Warner comedian of the time , Hugh Herbert . The above rundown of films constitutes only some examples , not a definitive and complete listing . Before and after the 1933 invisible Man film , there were various features , serials , TV versions , even commercials . whale 's biographer , James Curtis , many years ago interviewed Ted Kent , the film editor on nine of the director 's films , including The Invisible Man . recalling whale 's working methods , Kent talked about whale wanting to maintain control over all aspects of the productions . In scripts , for example , he would point out where cIose-ups were to be used . Then at the back of his scripts he would make suggested illustrations for the art and costume departments . apparently , in creative areas , it was difficult for whale to delegate . This is the first of only two scenes in the entire film between the invisible man and his beloved flora . In part , it is a very poignant scene . Griffin displays genuine tenderness toward his inamorata . You have the feeling that his love for flora has temporarily held in check his maniacal behaviour from the effects of the monocane drug . Griffin 's vocal delivery reflects his momentary change back to what was surely his personality prior to the nefarious experiment . After some devoted , touching comments by Griffin , flora asks : - Why did you do this ? - For you , Flora . - For me ? - Yes , for you , my darling . I wanted to do something tremendous , to achieve what men of science have dreamt of since the world began , to gain wealth and fame and honour , to write my name above the greatest scientists of all time . I was so pitifully poor . I had nothing to offer you , Flora . I was just a poor , struggling chemist . I shall come back to you , Flora , very soon now . The secret of invisibility lies there in my books . I shall work in Kemp 's laboratory till I find the way back . There is a way back , Flora . And then I shall come to you . I shall offer my secret to the world , with all its terrible power ! The nations of the world will bid for it - thousands , millions . The nation that wins my secret can sweep the world with invisible armies ! obviously the monocane is fighting to regain its power , and it succeeds . gloria Stuart has given many interviews regarding her reactions to playing scenes in this film with CIaude Rains . She found him rather distant , seIf-absorbed and prone to upstaging her in front of the camera . But whale intervened . AII in all , she did not find working with CIaude to be an enjoyable experience . Actor Peter Lorre told an amusing story about a joke played on CIaude that took place when they were filming Casablanca . " CIaude was constantly studying , making sure he had each line Ietter-perfect . " " One day we wrote a scene which had nothing to do with the script , and asked all the actors to memorise it , except CIaude , of course . " " When he came in the next day and saw us rehearsing the scene , he was frantic . " " He called me aside and said ' Peter , something terrible has happened to me . " ' " ' I can 't remember a single line . ' We all broke up , and he wasn 't even mad , just relieved that his memory wasn 't falling . " gloria Stuart was playing in The Seagull at the Pasadena playhouse in 1932 when phil Friedman , then universal 's casting director , saw her and asked her to make a test . A contract followed . In addition to her films at universal , including three with James whale , she was loaned for various pictures , including Here Comes the Navy with James Cagney and Pat O 'Brien , and Gold Diggers of 1935 with Dick powell . One day universal 's production chief , carl LaemmIe Junior , asked to see her . gloria recalled " Junior was sitting behind his desk . " " ' Sit down , gloria . We have a wonderful idea for you . " ' " ' We 're going to make you a female Tarzan ! " ' " I guess it was a count of one , two , three , then I really started screaming ! " She then went under contract to Twentieth Century Fox , and was featured in such films as The Prisoner of Shark Island , and two films with shirley temple , Poor Little Rich Girl and Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm . When she tried to make the move from screen to Broadway in the 1940s , " I never made it . It was years and years of disappointment . " Her second husband , screenwriter Arthur Sheekman , convinced her to stop trying . In 1983 she learned printing from Ward Ritchie , a master printer and book designer she had met back in 1930 . Both were widowed . Soon she was creating artists ' books in limited editions . Ritchie was her companion until his death in 1996 . When director James Cameron selected the 86-year-oId gloria for a leading role in Titanic in 1996 , yet another phase of her careers began . Since Titanic , she has appeared in other films and is still going strong aged 90 . clearly , RC Sherriff 's screenplay stayed reasonably close to HG wells ' novel . But what about those various treatments and 1 1 scripts prepared by 12 different writers that preceded Sherriff 's version ? Garrett Fort , who had worked on the scripts for both Dracula and Frankenstein , started the parade with a screenplay dated april 9 , 1932 . He worked with Robert FIorey , who at that time was slated to direct The Invisible Man . But the script was not based on wells 's book , but rather on philip WyIie 's 1931 novel , The Murderer invisible , that universal had recently purchased . WyIie 's novel was set in contemporary times in New York and New Jersey . It dealt with a research scientist , prior to disappearing himself , experimenting and making an octopus invisible in his laboratory tank . With his own invisibility comes megaIomania . He wreaks havoc on New York City by blowing up Grand central station , among other major acts . His plans are thwarted as he is about to place invisible cholera bacteria into New York 's water supply that no microscope would be able to detect . Then the heroine crashes a bottle of ink on his skull . The bottle breaks , and the ink deIuges him , making him visible and an easy target for the police . The early scripts were quite faithful to WyIie 's novel , except that Garrett Fort modified the invisible cholera to invisible rats carrying bubonic plague . But the invisible one is killed , along with the rats , by the police showering his refuge with chlorine gas . John L BaIderston , who had worked on the play versions of Dracula and Frankenstein , as well as the screenplay of universal 's The Mummy , wrote several drafts of the script based on Garrett Fort 's adaptation of The Murderer invisible . A later draft of BaIderston 's was done with the collaboration of CyriI Gardner , who for a while was going to direct the film . Through the Iong gestation period , various directors were announced by universal to do The Invisible Man . In addition to Gardner and FIorey , James whale was to be on the project at different times . Even EA Dupont , the German director . Since HG wells supposedly had script approval , it seems unlikely that universal would send versions based on another novel but still titled The Invisible Man , not The Murderer invisible . Perhaps these were considered experimental drafts and not sent to wells . A puzzlement . The train setting is a miniature on a three-quarter-inch scale , created for this film by charlie Baker and his miniature unit at universal . John FuIton and Baker worked as a team at the studio . The crash coming up is very well executed in all respects . universal got a Iot of mileage out of this scene , as it was recycled for other features and serials , one example being the 1942 feature Sherlock Holmes and the Voice of Terror , with basil Rathbone and nigel Bruce . philip WyIie , author of The Murderer invisible novel , was a prolific writer who worked in various genres . Science fiction buffs know such books as his When Worlds Collide and After Worlds Collide , among many others . At the time The Invisible Man was being prepared and filmed , WyIie was at Paramount working on the screenplay of another HG wells book , The Island of Dr Moreau . The title was changed to The Island of Lost Souls . In addition , he contributed to the scripts of Murders in the Zoo and King of the Jungle at Paramount during 1933 . The reporter asking the questions is played by Dwight Frye . We think of such characterisations as the crazed RenfieId in Dracula , as the hunchback Fritz , Frankenstein 's loony assistant in the 1931 Frankenstein and a similar role in Bride of Frankenstein . But here , his brief appearance is one of complete normality . Before coming to hollywood in 1930 , he had an impressive career in the theatre . Frye was in six of James whale 's films . Moving on with the saga of the evolving invisible Man screenplays ... New approaches included a treatment by Richard Schayer , which has a scientist render his mutilated assistant invisible and later stand trial for a murder committed by the assistant . Preston Sturges contributed a script that had a doctor treating his maniacal assistant with an invisibility drug , following which the two journey to Russia to avenge the killing of the scientist 's relatives during the revolution . James whale decided to do a six-page treatment of his own . The approach presents the invisible man as a scientist who was able to make himself invisible to obliterate a ghastly disfigurement . But he too has a mind alteration afterwards and goes on a killing spree . Gouverneur Morris wrote a screenplay based on whale 's six-page treatment . For this version , philip WyIie 's invisible octopus had a return engagement . apparently , Laird DoyIe did a script and John weld , we are told , wrote a treatment and screenplay that were actually based on HG wells ' novel . He was replaced by British playwright RC Sherriff , whose very successful play Journey 's End had been directed by James whale on the stage and screen . The actor playing the chief of detectives is DudIey Digges , another Irish-born actor who made his stage debut with the Abbey Theatre players in dublin , and first performed in the US in New York in 1904 . In 191 1 , he became stage manager for the distinguished actor George ArIiss , for seven years . And from 1919 to 1930 , Digges appeared in many Theatre guild productions , and staged or produced several plays . In 1923 he produced George Bernard Shaw 's The Doctor 's Dilemma , which featured CIaude Rains . Later , Rains relieved Digges the actor in two plays with extended runs and tours . Digges , starting in 1929 , appeared in many films , including the first version of The Maltese Falcon in 1931 , as Casper Gutman , Sydney Greenstreet 's role in the 1941 Bogart version . Other notable screen credits include the 1935 clark gable , charles Laughton Mutiny on the Bounty , The General Died at Dawn , The Light That Failed , Son of Fury , et cetera . He died in 1947 . RC Sherriff , in his 1968 autobiography , described some of the rejected adaptations he had read prior to starting his own . He mentioned that one turned the invisible man " into a man from Mars , who threatened to flood the world with invisible Martians " . That particular approach has not shown up as of now . Perhaps this was the elusive John Huston treatment , written in the summer of 1932 when he was under contract to universal as a writer . Or , perhaps Sherriff , in retrospect , was confusing this with a project that he and whale were working on at the time for universal called A Trip to Mars , which was never made . Sherriff reread HG WeIIs' novel after many years , and wondered why so many writers of the previous scripts had chosen to ignore what universal had purchased . With whale in agreement , Sherriff did a dramatically sound adaptation . Said Sherriff in his autobiography " To give reality to a fantastic story , HG wells knew it had to be told through the eyes of ordinary , pIain-spoken people . " " A screenplay , to my way of thinking , lay about halfway between a stage play and a novel . " " You were free from the narrow boundaries of the stage , but you had to keep from wandering down the bylanes open to the novelist . " " I had to add ingredients here and there to tighten up the drama . " Historian paul Jensen was the first to research and write an in-depth study of The Invisible Man , many years ago . He pointed out that some of the changes Sherriff made , such as adding flora and her father , expanding Kemp 's role , and making him a romantic rival , presented an interesting parallel . Jensen wrote " The model for these added aspects was probably Frankenstein . " " The two films share the situation of a passionate young scientist who has disappeared in order to experiment alone , leaving behind a worried fiancee , a fatherly associate - Dr CranIey here becomes Dr WaIdman , and Baron Frankenstein - and a friend who is fond of the fiancee . " " By increasing Kemp 's importance , Sherriff and whale provide Griffin with a specific antagonist , thereby creating a more precise conflict than exists in the novel . " " Such a conflict is dramatically necessary in The Invisible Man , because there is no overt struggle between the scientist and a monster , as in Frankenstein . " " Here , the scientist himself becomes the monster . " RC Sherriff , Robert Cedric Sherriff , was born in Kingston-upon-Thames , Surrey , england , in 1896 . He worked with whale on two other films at universal , One More River and The Road Back . He also wrote the unproduced version of Dracula 's Daughter that whale was originally set to direct . In 1939 he wrote the excellent script for Korda 's technicolor production of The Four Feathers . Other credits include the Robert Donat Goodbye , Mr Chips , That Hamilton Woman with Laurence olivier and Vivien Leigh , and Odd Man Out with James Mason . He died in 1975 . Kemp 's car going over the cliff was another of charlie Baker 's , and his universal miniature department 's efforts . As usual , a first-rate one . This scene was also reprised in other universal films , including Jungle Woman in 1944 and a 1945 SherIock holmes entry , The House of Fear . The British actor playing the chief of police is holmes Herbert . This policeman is played by Monte Montague , an American , who speaks here with a British accent . He was an actor and stunt man for decades . After a Iong absence , since the main title , actually , music returns as underscoring for the Iast seven minutes of the film . Composer Heinz RoemheId also did original scores for two other universal horror films at the time , The Black Cat in 1934 and Dracula 's Daughter in 1936 . In case the score sounds somewhat familiar , but you can 't quite place where else you heard it , how about trying universal 's 1930s Flash Gordon and Buck Rogers serials with Buster Crabbe ? The music you 're hearing provided a perfect accompaniment to the intrepid interplanetary adventures of flash , dale and Dr Zarkov . And The Invisible Man main title music was put into service whenever a rocket ship in those serials raced here and there . The farmer is Robert Browner , who goes back to 1909 as a film actor . although The Invisible Man was always thought to be CIaude Rains ' first film , it was confirmed recently that he had a supporting role in a silent British feature production of 1920 called Build Thy House , which apparently is a lost film . But based on items in the files of the British film Institute Rains was eighth billed and played a drunken Ioafer who , while applying for a job , gives some revealing and dramatic information about the Ieading character . After his success in The Invisible Man , Rains did two more pictures for universal : The Man Who Reclaimed his Head , which he had done earlier on the stage , and The Mystery of Edwin Drood , based on charles Dickens 's unfinished novel . And whale thought of him for the role of Dr Pretorius in Bride of Frankenstein , but we know that Ernest Thesiger played that part . In 1936 he signed with Warner Brothers . It was unusual in that he was paid only when actually working on a picture . When Rains finished shooting , he would head immediately for his beloved farm in pennsylvania . also , his deal was non-excIusive . He played the villainous Prince John in 1938 's The Adventures of Robin Hood , photographed in technicolor . He was nominated for an Academy Award for his performance as the suave but corrupt senator in Frank Capra 's Mr Smith Goes to Washington . Then he returned to universal to be top billed in The Wolf Man . No , he wasn 't the wolf man , but his father . Rains played the title role in universal 's opulent 1943 TechnicoIor remake of The Phantom of the Opera . There followed Now , Voyager , Casablanca , for which he won his second best supporting actor nomination , and Mr Skeffington , yet another Oscar nomination . Rains gave one of his finest performances in alfred Hitchcock 's Notorious , for which he was Academy-nominated for the fourth time . The eminent George Bernard Shaw personally chose him to star opposite Vivien Leigh in the British production of Shaw 's Caesar and Cleopatra , released in 1946 . He also did another HG wells story , The Passionate Friends , released in America as One Woman 's Story in 1949 . It was directed by David Lean . John FuIton described how the footprints in the snow coming up were done . " We dug a trench along the line where we wanted the footprints , and covered the trench with a board in which the footprints had been cut . " " The footprint openings were filled with wooden outlines , which had been cut to make the footprints . " " These were supported by pegs extended to the bottom of the trench , and a rope was looped around the pegs so that pulling upon it wouId pull out the pegs , causing the snow to drop down through the holes , giving us perfect footprints . " Those footprints look like shoe prints to me , but if he had shoes on , the shoes , of course , would be visible . What do you think ? Dramatic licence ? The doctor here is British actor Jameson Thomas . film buffs may recall his role as CIaudette CoIbert 's fiance , until she ran off with clark gable , in lt Happened One Night . During the late 1950s and early 1960s , claude Rains appeared in many prestige TV productions , including several alfred Hitchcock shows . He had a role in the epic big-screen Lawrence of Arabia in 1962 , and his final film was The Greatest Story Ever Told in 1965 . Rains died in 1967 at the age of 77 . In all , universal made seven films in which an invisible man or woman appeared . InvisibiIity-effects highlights from the group appear as part of the video documentary included on this speciaI-edition DVD . Check your menu . Once again , John FuIton describes how he accomplished the gradual reveaIment of Jack Griffin in peace in death . " This was done directly in the camera . " " The pillow , the indentation and all , was made of plaster , and the blankets and sheets of papier-mache . " " A long , slow lap dissolve revealed the skeleton " - a real one , by the way . " Another lap dissolve replaced the skeleton with a roughIy-scuIpted dummy , which suggested the contours of the actor . " " A further series of dissolves , each time using a slightly more finished dummy , brought us to the real actor himself . " Audiences finally get to see what CIaude Rains looks like . In marketing , universal decided to emphasise the novelty aspect of the film , rather than sell it as a horror film . The studio also stressed what was called at the time " feminine interest " . My favourite catch line is " Though he was invisible , she loved him . " The Invisible Man was a big success , critically and commercially , and a major factor in putting universal in the black for the first time in two years . Remember , this was the worst of times for the Great Depression . This is Rudy BehImer speaking .
