 Presenting the first major sound film of the French cinema The End of the World Based on an idea by Camille Flammarion My son ! Don 't cry , mama . I can 't bear it . What do you think of my daughter , Schomburg ? The real Mary Magdalene couldn 't have been more beautiful or more desirable , Monsieur de Murcie . I have to go , dear ; I don 't want to miss my train . - You 'll come with Martial to see me ? - Yes . - Are you alright ? - I 'm fine , mama . - I needn 't worry about leaving you ? - Not at all . Goodbye , dear . I 'm sick and tired of Genevieve ! I 've had enough ! This meeting is to discuss the war . I 've come to say goodbye , Jean . I 'm going to the Pic du Midi Observatory , as far from the world as possible . I can 't work in the Paris Observatory . - In spite of your Nobel Prize ? - Yes . An hour after my nomination I had 10 telegrams from different governments asking for exclusive rights to my work in order to build new weapons . The world revolts me . Does love play some part in your bitterness ? - If you want Genevieve ... - Quiet , Jean ! Never , never ! I even came to offer you some money , so you can afford to marry her . No , Martial , thank you . I could never accept . I know the purpose of my life . I must suffer . Don 't ask me to explain it . But money would divert me from my task . - And Genevieve ? - She 's not meant for me , Martial . I can 't condemn her to live here with me in poverty sharing my uncertainty and my suffering . No , I promise you , if you want to save her to save us ... Don 't break my heart like this . Leave me my courage . We 'll never speak of this again . I know you have the gift of sacrifice . But that doesn 't solve everything . What next ? You study the stars , Martial ! Help mankind to look up at them ! Guide them towards them ! Let them forget their hatred a little by looking at the stars . Humans want money , wealth , prosperity no matter what . But not idealism . They don 't give a damn about it . There are times in human existence when the need for a powerful shock a cataclysm which will shake Society to its roots arises beneath all the supports at once . Why are you showing me these lines by Kropotkin ? Because the time has come . You 're a poet . You wander through all these philosophies . Poetry ... love ... the heart ... But the modern world is fortified against the sublime . They can 't understand you , Jean . The language you speak is dead in this age . What are you reading ? The Kingdom of the Earth . Novalic , of course ! That family is the bane of my existence . One brother takes the prize that should have been mine and the other steals my daughter ! I won 't speak for Martial , but I won 't let you attack Jean . No one is good enough to understand him ! I 'll never get through to her ! Really ? Are you serious ? - Very serious . - That would make me so happy ! I can 't live at home anymore . Please , Jean , keep me , or someone else will take me . I need affection , love , arms to hold me . I 'll help you , comfort and encourage you . I have money - we could go off together , far away , just the two of us . We 'd be so happy ... No , Genevieve . Wealth would turn me away from my task . Some men are born to suffer so they can understand and help the suffering of others . Do you understand ? But what about me ? I can 't live here in poverty . I feel uncomfortable . That 's why it 's impossible for us to be together . Later , much later , we 'll see . This will buy you a much better observatory than Martial 's . You 're most generous . And what about Genevieve ? Don 't worry , I have an idea . Cauliflower , turnips ... Carrots , two francs a bunch ! Get out ! - How can you hit this child ? - Mind your own business ! He 's trying to seduce our girl ! What are you doing ? Leave her alone ! Let go of my daughter ! Get back in the house ! He tried to abduct her ! Dirty bastard ! You 've killed him ! Let 's get out of here ! Watch out , the cops ! My darling , Since you demand it , I will leave you but one sign from you will bring me back . I will await this sign . Farewell ... Genevieve Is he sleeping , Grandpa ? It 's Jean Novalic ! Good God , he 's collapsed ... can he be sick ? Oh my God , he 's hurt ... Help me . How can it be ... What 's the world coming to ? Open the door . Look at my hat , Grandpa . What 's wrong , Genevieve ? You always come back from Jean 's house more depressed than ever . There 's nothing for you there . He 's a visionary ... a poor madman . He hopes to renew humanity ; he can 't even pay his rent ! There 's a man who adores you . - Martial ? - Oh stop going on about that family ! He 's handsome , rich ; you 'd be happy with him . You 'd have everything you want . Up again ? You 're going to kill yourself ! How 's your head ? Bad , doctor . - Was it a very violent blow ? - Oh , yes . I need to know the truth . - Do you fear for my life ? - No , no . For my sanity ? Because of this ? Cheer up ; I 'll be back this evening . Your party is absolutely spellbinding , Schomburg . Be sensible . We 're not alone . The Princess is watching us . Doesn 't this bother you , Princess ? Yes , I admit it . I 'm watching Schomburg . But what can you expect ? He 's so handsome , so self-assured . Life is beautiful . I only have eyes and longing for you , divine Genevieve . Shh ... Isabelle ... " My last will and testament " Kill me or kill him . This is terrible ! I see only one way to avoid scandal : marriage . Nothing else can save the family from disgrace . No ! I 've discovered a comet in the Gemini constellation 21 h 1 ' 42 " right ascension , 49 ° 53 ' 45 " northern decline headed on a collision course with the Earth . Appalling forecast : the end of the world predicted ... I 'm his brother , Doctor ; you can tell me . He received a blow to the head . Then exhaustion , poverty and want ... He 's hovering on the brink . - Is he going to die ? - No , I don 't believe so . But he will certainly lose his reason . I 'm afraid the only thing is to take him to an asylum this evening . Do whatever is necessary , Doctor . Please summon our mother to the asylum . Martial , explain to me the end of the world . Lexell 's Comet , which I spotted 10 days ago in the Observatory is on a direct course with the Earth . - I knew it . - What do you mean ? Behind you ... open it ... Read ... " My last will and testament ... " The old world will end . But I feel that a part of the universe will be saved . " I leave to you , Martial , the tools to help bring about this rescue ... " ... taking advantage of the catastrophe to transform the hearts of men . " Keep these methods secret ... " Promise me , Martial that you 'll take advantage of this moment in human history to teach human beings to understand and love each other . I promise . Look over there . Open that cupboard . If you need my writings ... If you need my words and my pictures ... " For Martial " " To my English-speaking brothers " " Basis of the States-General of the Universal Convention " All Death will take from me is a body emptied of its light . I will remain here among you . Monsieur Novalic , you have the floor . I cannot put off any longer the serious news I have to report . My calculations show that a comet is heading for the Earth . But no other astronomer , here or abroad , has noticed anything unusual . What comet ? Silence , gentlemen . Please go on , Monsieur Novalic . I am speaking of the famous Lexell 's Comet which in 1570 came within 2 million kilometers of Earth and then vanished from our solar system . Its nucleus appears to be 7 times that of the Earth and its tail 300,000 kilometers long . In one month it will be visible to the naked eye and it will strike the Earth in 114 days . I 'm losing my mind ! I feel ... I can 't say it ... Come back , please , one last time ... Calm down , I beg you . Look , it 's me , Martial . Just look at me . Stay calm , please , Jean ! Genevieve ... I 'm going mad ! Jean ! Forgive me ! You 're ill ... forgive me . If only you knew ... The wretch ! The coward ! He took me ... he insulted me . I 've come back . I 'll take care of you . I 'll never leave you again . You 'll raise me up , so I 'll never fall again . The end of the world ! The end of the world ! The end of the world ... Just finish it all , Martial . Let me go ! Let me go ! Jean , speak to me ! Please , Martial , don 't let him go ! " For Genevieve , when she returns " Dearest Genevieve , my darling ... When you hear these words I may be dead or beyond reason . But your grief will be lessened when you know that my voice and my image despite everything , can come to you when you call . I didn 't tell you earlier , so you wouldn 't witness my physical decline . Now that my spirit has been set free I can reveal your part in the great mission you will share with Martial . Inscribe my words in your heart , Genevieve . From this time on , you must obey Martial in everything . Later , when your task is completed , you will marry him . You 'll look beyond the grave into my eyes my eyes , which loved you so much , and couldn 't tell you . And you 'll tell me gently " Jean , happiness is returning to Earth . " It seems to me that I will understand . Are you ready to do what he asks ? Think carefully ; it means breaking with your glamorous life . Yes , Martial . I will work with you . Dear Father , If you want to avoid unhappiness , do not search for me . I am leaving . I will work for your happiness and the happiness of all . Tell me , why did he keep repeating " The end of the world " ? Because we are hurtling towards it . That 's impossible ! Is that what you say , too ? It 's true , Genevieve . You can trust me absolutely . Then all those who hate each other , who want to kill each other ... They will all huddle together like a gigantic flock of sheep and we will be the shepherds . It 's him ! You 're tired and overwrought . There 's nothing there . It 's him ! That 's the life of a reporter ! Please be seated , gentlemen . I declare the meeting open . Will the interpreters come in ? The representative from China has the floor . All Monsieur Novalic 's calculations are absolutely correct and the catastrophe appears unavoidable . Novalic 's calculations on Lexell 's Comet are absolutely correct . The end of the world can be expected within 92 days . Take steps against panic . International Research Committee Naturally , these telegrams will be sent in code . Goodnight , gentlemen . Failure of negotiations . Conflict in the Pacific and World War . So you feel that nothing can prevent the outbreak of a world war ? Absolutely nothing . Then you will help me to prevent war . Tomorrow you will announce the end of the world and all the diplomatic problems will disappear as if by magic . I am not in the habit of joking and my scientific reputation still has some value . Of course . Here are my calculations on Lexell 's Comet which I discovered a week ago in my observatory . The scientific world has been informed . Amazing ! How much ? I didn 't come here for money . - Then how can I repay you ? - By publishing the news . At once . Everyone to my office , now . Martial Novalic has announced the end of the world . - The end of the world ? - Positively . I want the scientific documents featured on the front page . Banner headline . Get to work . There 's a man who knows how to make a headline ! The column 's too dark . Who cares ? It 's the end of the world ! Don 't be a wiseguy . A new version of the scientific conclusions from Stockholm . Anything that relates to post 203 . What 's the use of that ? Please take a seat . Please come in , gentlemen . Confirmation of the End of the World . Time left to live . Is it true what they 're saying ? Is it serious or a joke ? Very serious . The comet - are we talking collapse here ? Listen Werster , I wouldn 't sign my name to such a thing if I weren 't sure . Oh , I 'm so sick of this ! Come in . Sit down . The end of the world will take place in 90 days . But if you don 't act you 'll be ruined by Schomburg by the end of the week . If you cooperate with him and act against me to force stocks to rise you won 't prevent the catastrophe and you risk losing everything if you come through . On the other hand if you act with me against him when everything drops on condition of indemnity ... Oh , it 's all just a gambit ! No , it 's a question of human welfare . Open an account for Martial Novalic to a limit of 600 million francs . R228 . Thank you . 200 million at your disposal to acquire an immediate majority in newspapers and worldwide media outlets . I repeat : " worldwide " . Wherever you notice Schomburg 's influence buy up and act in opposition . Here is the text of the telegram : " Tests made by the chemist Dochi conclude that the comet is surrounded by billions of cubic meters of carbon monoxide . No human life will survive the cataclysm . Findings corroborated by the Erchel Committee , Philadelphia . " Set the wavelength on the Eiffel Tower to 2020 . Release the Philadelphia telegram as soon as the Stock Exchange opens . This is the Eiffel Tower national station . French squadrons are under pressure . The mobilization order will be ... Implement Plan 4 ! It 's me . I refuse ! Absolutely ! I will not take part in munitions manufacturing . I won 't speculate any further on the war ! Very well . As you please . Goodbye . Leave me alone . I don 't matter anymore . Concern yourself with humanity , like your brother . Obviously , it runs in the family . Leave me alone - I 'm very tired . Sell ! Sell ! Sell off everything , no matter how low it goes . Buy up everything ! Buy ! Buy ! Not a bad rise , eh ? Cash ! Stocks continue to fall ! Moscow exchange hit hard ! Wall Street has lost half its value ! Amsterdam 's in crisis ! Stocks collapsing ! London , average loss of one third . Quiet . This is Martial Novalic . 732 hours to live . Sell everything ! It 's all over ! I said sell everything ! There won 't be anything afterward . Sell everything ! Gentlemen ! Not a bad drop , Schomburg ! We 've lost everything , because we listened to you ! I 'm selling 5,000 mortgages for 1 franc ! I don 't care ! De Murcie , come with me to see the minister . Your name , sir ? Thank you , sir . Close the Stock Exchange at once , and set a currency freeze or even gold itself will become worthless . Nothing can halt this colossal hoax except the arrest of Martial Novalic and the speculator Werster . I order the arrest of Martial Novalic and Monsieur Werster . Yes , Minister , Martial Novalic and Werster will be arrested tonight . Destroy their radio station and seize their newspapers . Quick ! Quick ! Or everything will be lost . Gentlemen ! Listen ! The police are on their way ! Save what you can . Plan 3 - cut the 3 circuits . Listen to me on channel 2018 at 8 : 00 tomorrow . I 'll give you my orders . Trust me , and thank you all . Now go ! We 'll be with Jean Novalic at the Sacré-Coeur hospital . Cut all these switchboard wires . Monsieur Martin , show them . Cut the wires , remove the cables . Cut the high-tension wires . Cut the conductor cable . Genevieve ! It 's you ! What 's happened ? What 's wrong ? I was afraid you believed in this end of the world nonsense . Perhaps . That 's why I came back . I need to live ! I need to live - to live ! Pleasure , fun ... I 'm just a woman ... I don 't understand these things . I 'm too weak - do you understand ? Beauty ... beauty ! I can 't take anymore . My friends , we 'll go inside shortly . But for now , drink ! Gather ye roses while ye may ! Before we pair off in the approaching dusk let me remind you that tonight we 're supposed to see the famous comet . Well , look around ! There 's nothing ! Its absence is all the brighter ! It 's not working . The governments have seized control . The truth is being suppressed everywhere . Stocks are rising . And on top of it all , Genevieve is with Schomburg . - That 's impossible ! - I 'm sure of it . Genevieve , come with me . What about Isabelle ? This comet business is a colossal fraud . Martial and Werster are hiding with Jean Novalic . What should we do ? At 2 : 00 AM , if the Eiffel Tower radio can announce that Martial and Werster are dead , you 'll get 1 million . Go along with them . You can watch . I 'm not going . I said go ! Eiffel Tower national radio station . This is the Eiffel Tower national radio station . Thanks to Genevieve de Murcie , the police now have proof of a plot by the criminals Novalic and Werster for world domination . Genevieve de Murcie , abducted and held by these outlaws managed to escape and return to her father . The arrest of the two criminals is only a matter of hours . I 'll kill Schomburg and get back Genevieve ! The police will be here any minute ! Get away ! Please , leave at once . - Is this true ? - Yes , it 's true . Please , quickly ! We must prevent the Tower from broadcasting tonight . The comet ! Look ! Quick , get in my car ! Hide yourselves . We 're going to try to knock out the Tower radio station . If we fail , we 'll play our last card . - I 'll draw the police to the north side . - That 'll be very helpful . I 'm on your side now . Did you hear ? Come and see ! Is it the comet ? The comet - this I 've got to see ! The broadcasting booth must be here . Yes , Mr. Secretary . This is the Tower . I 'm waiting for orders from the minister . In one hour you will announce to all stations the order for general mobilization . " In one hour announce to all stations the order for general mobilization . " I understand , yes . - Please , darling ! - So it was true ? I won 't be beaten by Martial and Werster . Quick ! My car ! Don 't panic ! There 's nothing to worry about ! Come on ! Stay there . Let us know if something happens . We 've got a problem ! Something 's gone wrong with the equipment . Get the gauge to repair the station . There 's nothing we can do ; the antenna is on the ground . We 've seen lights on top of the tower twice . Someone must be working up there . Martial and Werster will finally pay for their crime . Seal all exits from the Tower . Stand by all the pillars . Werster ? Tell Martial that Schomburg is coming up on the elevator and all the exits are guarded . - Don 't come up with Schomburg . - Alright . Don 't move , Genevieve . Is this all ? Let 's go , then . Poor Martial . Perhaps I was wrong ; it wasn 't Genevieve . Think of our work , Martial . The elevator has fallen ! Change the wavelength to 1 330 . The latest telegrams say that all the foreign delegations are en route . The first will arrive in Paris this evening and the last will get here in 4 days by plane . Good ! The States General for a universal convention will open on August 5 , the night before the collision . I 'm counting on your courage and your loyalty to bring this supreme task to a successful conclusion . After the comet appeared , strange natural phenomena have been occurring all over the world . The end of the world is inevitable . St. John in Revelation predicts more terrible and awe-inspiring events . Terrible and awe-inspiring - remember this ! 32 hours to live ! 32 hours to live ! - My friends ! - Quiet ! Listen to him ! My friends , this is our last celebration . Forget gloomy thoughts ! Let our last hours be devoted to forgetting to pleasure and to love ! Let 's drink ! Drink ! What is this ? Why are you here ? To Life ! To Life ... Keep death away . I don 't want to die . Save me ! Save me ! In this drama between Earth and the heavens mankind has forgotten their hatreds of class and borders . Our solemn undertaking here will immortalize these moments for all time . Let us swear here to cement in the blood and fire of cataclysm the new universal law which will emerge from the States General and will be a sacred law for all who survive . First Article of the Constitution : The Universal Republic is proclaimed ! Article 2 : within the framework of the Universal Republic the Federated States of Europe are constituted . In the name of my country ... All those who survive ...
