 Hold it ! Ten . 20 . Did you hear about Mrs Mason 's little Willy ? Sent him to school and found him buried ten foot deep in a snowdrift . - How did they get him out ? - Brought the fire engine round . Put the hose pipe in , pumped it backwards and sucked him out . ( Applause ) ( Piano starts ) ( Laughter ) - Perfect bull 's-eye . - ( Door opening ) ( Piano stops abruptly ) I want a room and a fire . - Jenny ? - Hello ? There 's a gent here what wants a room and a fire . What , a room ? I said a room . We ain 't got none ready , not at this time of year . We don 't usually have folks stopping , except in the summer . You can get one ready . Certainly , sir . Millie ! Yes ? - I want a private sitting room , too . - Certainly , sir . Will you come through , sir ? This way , sir . It 's the coldest winter we 've had down here for years . They put all the sheep and the cows in for a fortnight now . Poor things . They can 't get a blade of green grass . You may be near-sighted , but you can 't be deaf-and-dumb as well . Could I take your coat and hat , sir , and give ' em a nice dry in the kitchen ? No . - I prefer to keep them on . - Very good , sir . The room will be warm soon . I 've got some luggage at the station . How can I have it sent ? I 'll get it dropped over tomorrow . Are you staying a bit ? Yes . - Is there no way of getting it tonight ? - Not tonight , sir . Very well . Bring me some food . Right away , sir . If you ask me , he 's a criminal flying from justice . Go on . He 's snow-blind , that 's what he is . Has to wear goggles to save his eyes . Anyway , you be careful , and lock your money up . A bottle of Bass , Herbert . Here you are , dear . I hope he 'll be a bit more communicative this time . ( Knocks ) Your supper 's there . Is there a key to that door ? A key , sir ? Ooh , I haven 't ever seen one . I don 't think there was one when we came here . I want to be left alone , and undisturbed . I 'll see that no one disturbs you , sir . The mustard , ma 'am . You 'll be the death of me with your slowness . You let me take his supper in and forget the mustard . And him wanting to be left alone ! ( Jenny mutters ) There she goes again . I told you not to disturb me . It 's only the mustard , sir . I forgot it . - I 'm sorry . - Thank you . Have you been motoring on them slippery roads , sir ? You can take my overcoat and dry it . Very good , sir . - Leave the hat . - Yes , sir . Bandages , right up to the top of his head . All round his ears . - Any blood ? - No . No blood . Looks like some kind of ' orrible accident . Bumped his head on the prison wall gettin ' over . Father . I wish you 'd leave me alone , Flora , when I 'm working . I can 't bear it . We 've got to do something . - Do something ? What about ? - About Jack . He 'll come back . Don 't you worry . Father , please put that horrid thing down and listen . It 's nearly a month now , without a word . But the note he left was quite clear . He said we might not hear for a while . It 's good to go away when you 're finishing a difficult experiment . - What kind of experiment is it , Father ? - Something of his own . I had a terrible feeling last night . I felt he was in desperate trouble . Hello , Kemp . Flora 's worried about Griffin . I don 't wonder . I should have thought at least he could drop a line . It 's a queer thing . It certainly is , considering he was in your employ . He had my permission to carry out his own experiments in his spare time . And to clear off when he liked ? What does it matter , if he 's in trouble ? ( Flora sobbing ) I 've got the car outside . It 'll give you a rest to come for a run . Do you think there are any papers in his room ? Surely he must have arranged where he was going . There may be letters . He left burnt papers in his fireplace , that 's all . He was so strange those last few days before he went . So excited and strung up . Yet he wouldn 't say a word to explain . I 've never seen him like it before . He was always so keen to tell me about his experiments . He meddled in things men should leave alone . Your father 's a scientist . He 's discovered more about preserving food than anyone . Jack and I were employed to help him . That 's a plain , straightforward job . It 's not romantic , but it saves hundreds of deaths and stomachaches . What things should men leave alone ? He worked in secret . He kept a lot of stuff locked in a big cupboard in his laboratory . He never opened it until he 'd barred the door and drawn the blinds . Straightforward scientists have no need for barred doors and drawn blinds . He cares nothing for you , Flora . He 'll never care about anything but test tubes and chemicals . How can he go away like this without a word ? Flora , dear . Please , darling , let me tell you how I feel . - I can 't work or sleep until I know . - Leave me alone ! How can you ? ( Mutters ) There 's a way back , you fool . There must be a way back . ( Knocking ) - What is it ? - Your luncheon . - Take it away . - You don 't want it cold , do you ? Do you suppose that I 'm going to carry trays backwards and forwards all day ? Luncheon 's at one , and it 's one now ! Get out ! ( Screams ) He 's not gonna stay under this roof , not another hour ! Crashed the tray out of me hand , and swore at me . Turns my best sitting room into a chemist 's shop . Spillages on the carpets ! And him a week behind with his money ! Go and tell him if he ain 't packed up and gone in half an hour , we 'll have the law in to turn him out . And take him his bill . Three pounds ten . And see you get it before you come out . Go on . Let 's leave him a bit , Jenny , till he cools off . Go on , do it now . Him and his goggles and his chemist 's shop ! If you don 't kick him out , I 'm clearing out myself , and I mean it this time ! And a whole day 's work ruined by a foolish , ignorant woman ! There must be a way back . - God knows there 's a way back . - ( Knocking ) If only they 'd leave me alone . Look ' ere , mister , we can 't have this no more . You broke the wife 's best china , you 're behind with the rent . Pack up and go . I 'm expecting some money , Mr Hall . I 'll pay you directly it comes . You said that last week . I came here for quiet and secrecy . I 'm carrying out a difficult experiment . I must be left alone . It 's vital . It 's life and death that I should be left alone . - You don 't understand . - I understand all right . You don 't pay . And what 's more , you 're driving folks away from our house . Mr Hall , I 've had a serious accident . It 's disfigured me , affected my eyes . I mean the way you carry on , throwing things about on the carpets and swearing . - It 's no good , mister , you 've got to go . - I implore you to let me stay . I beg of you . The wife says if you don 't go , she is , so it 's gotta be you . Come on . I 'll help you to get this stuff packed up . Leave that alone and get out of here ! Look here ! Is this my house or yours ? What are you doing ? ( Groaning ) Help ! Help ! Police ! ( Screaming and sobbing ) He 's a raving lunatic ! Go and get a policeman . Please don 't cry , now . - He 's all right . - ( Screams hysterically ) Oh , shut up ! - Come on , Jaffers ! - Here , what 's all this ? It 's the stranger with the goggles . He 's gone mad . He 's assaulted Mrs Hall and nearly killed her husband . Oh . - Where is he ? - He 's upstairs in the sitting room . He 's in there , in the sitting room . He 's homicidal . Oh . Let that there . ( Wails ) Here , keep back , you kids there . - Here , what 's all this ? - Keep back there . Keep back , me ? Do you know who you 're talking to ? I give you a last chance to leave me alone . Give me a last chance ? You 've committed assault , that 's what you 've done , and you can come along to the station with me . Come along , now . Come quietly , unless you want me to put the handcuffs on . Stop where you are . You don 't know what you 're doing . I know what I 'm doing all right . Come on . - Get hold of him . - Lock him up ! All right , you fools . You 've brought it on yourselves . Everything would have come right if you 'd only left me alone . You 've driven me near madness with your peering through the keyholes and gaping through the curtains . And now you 'll suffer for it ! You 're crazy to know who I am , aren 't you ? All right ! I 'll show you ! There 's a souvenir for you . And one for you . I 'll show you who I am and what I am . ( Laughs insanely ) Look . He 's all eaten away . How do you like that , eh ? ( Griffin laughs insanely ) ( Laughs insanely ) - It was ' orrible . - What 's wrong ? - Jaffers , what do you think ? - He 's invisible , that 's what 's the matter . If he gets the rest of them clothes off , we 'll never catch him in a thousand years . Come on . They 've asked for it , the country bumpkins . This 'll give them a bit of a shock . Something to write home about . A nice bedtime story for the kids , too , if they want it . ( Laughs insanely ) - Put the handcuffs on . - How can I handcuff a bloomin ' shirt ? - Quick ! Get hold of him ! - ( Cackling ) Ow ! Are you satisfied now , you fools ? It 's easy , really , if you 're clever . A few chemicals mixed together , that 's all , and flesh and blood and bone just fade away . A little of this injected under the skin of the arm every day for a month . An invisible man can rule the world . Nobody will see him come , nobody will see him go . He can hear every secret . He can rob and kill ! Not if he can 't get no further than this room , he won 't . Here , shut that door . - You 'd better come along quietly . - ( Cackles ) ( Jaffers ) Look out ! Mind that window ! You think I 'd escape like a common criminal ? You need a lesson . I think I 'll throttle you . Let go of me ! Let go ! You must be made to understand what I can do . Hey , look out ! ( Screams ) Hey , whoa ! Hey , hey ! Look out ! Get indoors ! Everybody get indoors ! ( Shouting and screaming ) I 'm afraid I need this bicycle . Ha-ha ! He stole me bike ! Here 's your blooming bicycle . You can do what you like with it . How 's that for a hairbrush , George Henry ? Good morning , Grandfather . How do you do ? We 'll do our part . Mama , give me the diamonds ! On the gospel , it 's the truth . He tried to strangle me , sir . Where are you speaking from , Jaffers ? Lion 's Head inn , eh ? Did you say an invisible man ? Well , look here , you put more water in it next time ! He won 't believe me . You tell him . Mr Hall speaking . The constable 's telling the truth all right . Not the slightest clue . I didn 't expect there would be . That 's where the clues are . He wasn 't leaving anything to chance . Griffin was never the man for secrets . He came to me with everything . He kept a lot of stuff locked in here . I came in one evening when he wasn 't expecting me . He was by this cupboard . It was full of instruments . When he saw me , he slammed the door and turned the key . You say he brought a packing case up here ? The night before he disappeared . I heard him hammering , packing everything up . - Here 's something , Kemp . - What is it ? - Bad news ? - It 's only a rough note . A list of chemicals , and the last on the list is monocane . Monocane ? What is monocane ? - Monocane 's a terrible drug . - I never heard of it . You wouldn 't , Kemp . It 's never used now . I didn 't know it was even made . It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India . It draws colour from everything it touches . Years ago they tried it for bleaching cloth . They gave it up because it destroyed the material . - That doesn 't sound very terrible . - I know , but it does something else . It was tried out on some poor animal - a dog , I believe . It was injected under the skin , and it turned the dog dead white , like a marble statue . - Is that so ? - Yes , and it also sent it raving mad . You surely don 't think ... ? I only pray to God that Griffin hasn 't been meddling with this ghastly stuff . - He 'd never touch a thing with madness . - He might not know . I found that experiment in an old German book just by chance . The English books only describe the bleaching power . - What are we going to do ? - Tell the police that Griffin 's disappeared . But only that he 's disappeared . I put you on your honour , Kemp , not to breathe a word of this to anyone . - Shall I go with you ? - It 's all right , Kemp . I 'll go tonight , when Inspector Lane 's on duty . I 'll run along back home , then . - Good night . - Good night , Kemp . ( Piano music on radio ) ( Radio ) This is the national station broadcasting this evening 's news . Remarkable story from country village . Police and doctors are investigating a story told this afternoon by the people of the village of Iping . A mysterious disease has broken out infecting many of the inhabitants . It takes the form of a delusion that an invisible man is living among them . Several people have been seriously injured , probably through fighting , in their belief that their opponent is an invisible man . The whole village is in a state of panic and everyone ... Everyone deserves the fate that 's coming to them . Panic , death , things worse than death . Don 't be afraid , Kemp . It 's me - Griffin . Jack Griffin . How are you , my friend ? Brrr ! I 'm frozen with cold . Dead tired . Thank God for a fire . ( Gasps ) Sit down , you fool . Let 's have a decent fire . D 'you hear me ? Sit down , unless you want me to knock your brains out . Sit down ! I want you to listen carefully , Kemp . I 've been through hell today . I want food and sleep , but before we sleep , there 's work to do . May I have a cigarette ? You always were a dirty little coward , Kemp . You 're frightened out of your wits , aren 't you ? Oh , it 's no good talking like this . Have you got a good long surgical bandage ? Good . And a pair of dark glasses ? Right . Go and get them , at once . Let me have a dressing gown and pyjamas and a pair of gloves . You 'll feel better if you can see me , won 't you ? Come on . You 've no time to waste . ( Door slams shut ) You 'll find some pyjamas in that room . Here are the gloves and bandages . - I 'll bring you the glasses . - Thank you . Don 't be long . Put them on the table . Now go down and draw the blinds in your sitting room . - Are we alone in the house ? - Yes . Good . All right , go now . If you raise a finger against me , you 're a dead man . I 'm strong and I 'll strangle you . Understand ? Wait for me downstairs . The sitting room , I said , Kemp . And if you try and escape by the window , I shall follow you , and no one in the world can save you . Here comes the inspector now . Get up . Nice fool you 've made of me . I 've got reports for ten miles around . Not a sign of anything . I 'll tell you what I think of your invisible man : It 's a hoax . Good business for the saloon bar , eh , Mr Hall ? Suppose I 'd break my neck to sell a gallon of beer ? I 'll have an inquiry right now . Bring in everybody who thinks they saw or heard anything . I 'll get to the bottom of this . Get those tables together . Now , Kemp . Now then , we can talk as man to man . Sit down . One day I 'll tell you everything . There 's no time now . I began five years ago in secret , working all night , every night , right into the dawn . A thousand experiments , a thousand failures , and then at last the great , wonderful day . - But , Griffin , it 's ghastly ! - The great , wonderful day . The last little mixture of drugs . I couldn 't stay here any longer , Kemp . I couldn 't let you see me slowly fading away . So I packed up and went to a village for secrecy and quiet , to finish the experiment and complete the antidote , the way back to visible man again . I meant to come back just as I was when you saw me last . But the fools wouldn 't let me work in peace . I had to teach them a lesson . But why ? Why do it , Griffin ? Just a scientific experiment at first . That 's all . To do something no other man in the world had done . But there 's more to it than that , Kemp . I know now . It came to me suddenly . The drugs I took seemed to light up my brain . Suddenly I realised the power I held , the power to rule , to make the world grovel at my feet . ( Chuckles ) We 'll soon put the world right now , Kemp . You and I. I ? You mean ... ? I must have a partner , Kemp , a visible partner , to help me in the little things . You 're my partner , Kemp . We 'll begin with a reign of terror . A few murders here and there . Murders of great men , murders of little men , just to show we make no distinction . We might even wreck a train or two . Just these fingers round a signalman 's throat , that 's all . Griffin , for heaven 's sake ! - Do you want me to take these off ? - No , no . Very well , then . We 'll make our plans tomorrow . Tonight we have a small job to do . Go and get your car out , Kemp . - Where are we going ? - To the village I left this morning . I came away without my notebooks . They contain all the results of my experiments . - But it 's past eight o 'clock . - It 's only 15 miles . Go now . Quickly . Take a bag with you for the books . Put a warm rug in the car . It 's cold outside when you have to go about naked . - All ready ? - Yes . Come on ! Get in ! - Where 's that rug ? - In the back . I 'm frozen . It 's cold enough to freeze the icicles off an Eskimo . We 'll stop in a lane near the inn . I 'll give you the books through the window . - They 'll have a guard . - What can a guard do , you fool ? I must have those books , Kemp . I 'll work in your laboratory till I find the antidote . Sometimes I 'll make you invisible , give me a rest . I was walking home to me lunch , sir , when all of a sudden something takes hold of me hat and throws it in the pond . - How many drinks did you have ? - Only a couple , sir , that 's all . A couple of drinks and a gust of wind . So much for you . Now then , about the bicycle . Where 's the owner of the bicycle ? Here , sir . It was pulled clean out of me hands , sir . Then it pedalled off down the street , all by itself . Stop here . Come on , get out . Take your bag and walk down the street . I 'll guide you . Wait outside the window till the books come out . Put them in your bag and come back to the car . Then wait for me . Don 't stare at me , you fool . Look in front of you . Come on ! Get a move on . Here we are , Kemp , in here . Here . Stroll up and down as though you were waiting for someone . Watch for that window to open . Griffin ? Griffin ? Are you there ? - Who 's that , opened that door ? - It 's them boys again , sir . ( Tutting ) Here , you leave this door alone ! It 's private , see ! - Aw , we never touched it . - Yes , you did . Go on , hop it . Go on ! ( Jeering ) There you are , Kemp . Lies from beginning to end ! I 've a good mind to prosecute all of you for conspiracy . I shall announce this evening that the whole thing 's a hoax , and you 'll be the laughing stock of the entire country . He 's here ! The invisible man ! ( Screams ) ( Shouting ) Don 't leave me ! Wait for me ! Don 't leave me ! Wait for me ! ( Griffin ) A hoax , is it ? All a hoax ? All a hoax ? There . ( Door closes ) ( Panting ) All right . Off you go . Go for your life , too . - Did you hear shouting and screaming ? - What was that screaming ? I had to take some exercise to keep warm . I killed a stupid policeman . Smashed his head in . We start in earnest tomorrow morning , Kemp . - Good evening , Doctor . - Is Inspector Lane at the station ? - I want a word with him . - Yes , sir . Extra special ! Invisible man slays policeman ! ( Commotion ) - Nasty business , this . - It 's a conjuring trick , that 's what it is . I saw a fella make a peanut disappear once . There are one or two things you must understand , Kemp . I must always remain in hiding for an hour after meals . The food is visible inside me until it is digested . I can only work on fine , clear days . If I work in the rain , the water can be seen on my head and shoulders . In a fog you can see me , like a bubble . In smoky cities the soot settles on me until you can see a dark outline . You must always be near at hand to wipe off my feet . Even dirt between my fingernails would give me away . It is difficult at first to walk down stairs . We are so accustomed to watching our feet . But these are trivial difficulties . We shall find ways of defeating everything . You will sleep in the room opposite . And bring me some more food at eight o 'clock . Good night . ( Clock chimes eleven ) ( Yawns ) Now you will understand my plans . You 're in charge of all country to the east , Thompson , - for 20 miles to the north of the road . - Very good , sir . Neville , you take the opposite section to the south . Stoland , you take charge of the search in the hills . And , Hogan , you take all the villages , out to the river . Now , we shall comb the country for 20 miles round . We 've got a terrible responsibility . He 's mad and he 's invisible . He may be standing beside us now . But he 's human and we shall get him . We shall have 1,000 men out tonight . Tomorrow we shall have 10,000 volunteers to help them . There 's a broadcast warning going out at 10.30 . Now , at all costs , we must avoid a panic spreading . Get word to your districts , and send me a note of your headquarters . And remember , he 'll leave tracks , even if he himself is invisible . I must interrupt the music for a moment . I have an urgent message from the police . Earlier this evening we broadcast a report of an invisible man . The report has now been confirmed . It appears that an unknown man by scientific means has made himself invisible . He has attacked and killed a police inspector and is now at large . The chief of police appeals to the public for help and assistance . Those willing to cooperate are requested to report tomorrow to their local station . The invisible man works without clothing . He will have to seek shelter . You 're requested to lock every door and window , and every outbuilding he may use to hide in . The police will be glad of any suggestions that will help in capturing the fugitive . Remember , he 's solid but cannot be seen . A reward of £ 1,000 will be given to any person whose information leads to his capture . The police appeal to the public to keep calm and to admit uniformed search parties to all property . ( Music resumes ) ( Shouts of panic ) - I 've got the doors padlocked . - I 'll keep him out ! Hello . Hello . Get me Esher , 1021 . ( Phone rings ) Hello ? Doctor , it 's something ghastly . It 's Griffin . He 's come back . He 's the invisible man . He 's asleep in my room . He 's mad , a raving lunatic . He 's killed a man tonight . Listen to me , Kemp . No one but you and I know that it 's Griffin . - I shall come in the morning . - You must come now . I can 't bear it ! If I come now , he 'll be suspicious and escape . You must keep him calm and quiet for tonight . I trust you , Kemp . - Who was that , Father ? - It was Kemp . It was about Jack . I know it . What is it ? Tell me . - Leave me alone , Flora , please . - I 'm not afraid . Tell me . Jack Griffin 's come back . He 's at Dr Kemp 's house now . Jack Griffin 's the invisible man . Is that the police ? Was that £ 1,000 reward all right ? Well , listen , I 've got a way to catch him . The paper says he threw ink at the man he killed . Get your own back and squirt ink about with a hose pipe till you hit him . The ink 'll stick on him . Then you can shoot him . Is that the police ? I wanna tell you how to catch the invisible man . The paper says it 's going to be frosty in a day or two . Well , you watch out when there 's frost , see , then you can see his breath . Police , quickly . Is this the police ? This is Dr Kemp . The invisible man is in my house , asleep upstairs . Come at once . Hurry ! But , listen , Doctor , I 've only got five men here . I 'd want 100 to surround the house . Yes , all right . I 'll send them up as soon as possible . Leave it to me and Kemp . We shall work day and night to undo this experiment . - You must let me go to him . - Only when he 's well again . No , now . I can do far more with Jack than you or Dr Kemp . But , Flora , he 's not normal . His mind 's unhinged . At present he 's mad . I can persuade him to help you . You 're powerless unless he does . - I 'll be ready in five minutes . - Wait till the morning . It 's life or death , Father . You know that . - I 'll go alone , then . - Flora . ( Knocking ) Who 's that ? Who 's that ? ( Griffin ) Unlock the door , Kemp . Let me in . - What are you doing here , Kemp ? - I couldn 't sleep . I had to get up and come down . - Why did you lock the door ? - I ... I was afraid . Wouldn 't you be afraid if I were invisible like you ? There 's no need to be afraid , Kemp . We 're partners . Bosom friends . We 've a busy day ahead . You must sleep . ( Car approaches ) I see . You told the police . That was why you went downstairs . No , I didn 't . I swear I didn 't . Look , it 's not the police . It 's Dr Cranley and Flora . Flora . - Why , yes , of course . - I had to tell them you were back , Griffin . - Flora was nearly mad with anxiety . - How could I forget ? ( Doorbell ) ( Kemp ) Shall I let them in ? Yes , of course you must let them in . I shall go and prepare myself in my room . I shall see Flora . Alone . - He knows you 're here . - He was asleep . He saw you from the window . He wants to see Flora alone . - No , Flora , don 't . - He 's calm now , and quiet . - Jack won 't do me any harm . - He 's insane . It 's for us to cure him - Kemp and I. Keep away , Flora . I must go to him . Doctor , he was a different man when he saw Flora leave the car . He won 't hurt her . We must play for time . - Why for time ? - We ... we must prepare things . If we try and bind him now , he 'll escape . We must take him when he 's asleep and chloroform him . Wait here . - Flora , my darling . - Thank God you 're home , Jack . I would have come to you at once , Flora , but for this . How wonderful it is to see you . How beautiful you look . That funny little hat . I always liked it . - You 've been crying . - I want to help you . Why did you do this ? - For you , Flora . - For me ? Yes , for you , my darling . I wanted to do something tremendous , to achieve what men of science have dreamt of since the world began , to gain wealth and fame and honour , to write my name above the greatest scientists of all time . I was so pitifully poor . I had nothing to offer you , Flora . I was just a poor , struggling chemist . I shall come back to you , Flora , very soon now . The secret of invisibility lies there in my books . I shall work in Kemp 's laboratory till I find the way back . There is a way back , Flora . And then I shall come to you . I shall offer my secret to the world , with all its terrible power ! The nations of the world will bid for it - thousands , millions . The nation that wins my secret can sweep the world with invisible armies ! Jack , I want you to let my father help you . You know how clever he is . He 'll work with you until you find that second secret that 'll bring you back to us . Then we 'll have lovely , peaceful days again out under the trees , after your work in the evening . Your father ? Clever ? ( laughs ) You think he can help me ? He 's got the brain of a tapeworm , a maggot , beside mine . Don 't you see what it means ? Power . Power to rule , to make the world grovel at my feet . Jack , listen to me . Listen ! My father found a note in your room . He knows something about monocane you don 't . It alters you , changes you , makes you feel differently . Father believes its power will go if you know what it is . Come and stay with us . Let 's fight this thing out together . Power , I said . Power to walk into the gold vaults of the nations , into the secrets of kings , into the holy of holies . Power to make multitudes run squealing in terror at the touch of my little invisible finger . Even the moon 's frightened of me , frightened to death . The whole world 's frightened to death . ( Dog barking ) So , I see . Kemp couldn 't sleep . He had to go downstairs . He was frightened . I put my trust in Kemp . I told him my secret and he gave me his word of honour . - You must go now , Flora . - I want to help you . There is nothing for you to do except to go . I shall come back . I swear I shall come back , because I shall defeat them . - Go now , my dear . - No . I want to stay . You must hide . Don 't worry . The whole world 's my hiding place . I can stand out there amongst them in the day or night and laugh at them . Come along , my darling . Oh , Father ! Link hands , all around the house . - Link hands . - Link hands . - Link hands . - Link hands . Keep close together , or he 'll slip under your arm . Now , boys , forward . Thank you , Kemp , for opening the window . You 're a true friend , Kemp . A man to trust . I 've no time now but , believe me , as surely as the moon will set and the sun will rise , I shall kill you tomorrow night . I shall kill you even if you hide in the deepest cave of the earth . At ten o 'clock tomorrow night I shall kill you . Help ! Help ! He 's here ! He 's here ! - Here he comes . - Stand where you are . - What is it ? - Something smacked my face . ( Griffin laughs ) Naughty boy . ( laughs ) Ow ! Let go ! - What 's the matter with you ? - He twisted my nose . Now , steady , boys . We 've got him all right this time . ( Griffin ) Good shot . ( Griffin laughs ) Get that hat . Now then , boys , advance slowly . It 's all right . He 's unarmed . We 've got him easy . Help ! Help ! He 's got me by the feet ! Here he is ! Help ! ( Shouting ) It 's the invisible man ! He 's got him by the feet ! After him ! Quick ! What do you know about that ? ( Woman screams ) Help ! Murder ! Murder ! ! Here we go gathering nuts in May , nuts in May , nuts in May ! Here we go gathering nuts in May on a cold and frosty morning Whoops ! He threatened to kill me at ten o 'clock tonight . You must lock me up . You 're not the only one in danger , Dr Kemp . I 'll see that you have protection . Now , Dr Cranley , you 're concealing something from me . One moment . Why were you and your daughter in this house at two o 'clock this morning ? Dr Kemp called me up . He told me the man was here . - He wanted my help . - Why did he ring you before the police ? - Why did your daughter come too ? - She came to drive the car . You know who the invisible man is , Doctor . I understand you have another assistant besides Dr Kemp , a Dr Griffin . - Where is Dr Griffin ? - He 's gone away . It is Griffin ! What 's the good of concealing it ? It 's Griffin , and he 's threatened to murder me . He may be here now , in the garden looking through the window , or in the corner of my bedroom waiting for me , waiting to kill me ! And you all sit there doing nothing ! Nothing ! We 've doubled the search party around Kemp 's house . Nothing to report , sir . The policeman 's trousers were found a mile away . - That 's all . - Well , it 's beaten me . I 'll give £ 1,000 for a practical idea . He 's roaming the country at will , a madman . ( Griffin ) Here I am . Aren 't you pleased you 've found me ? Aagh ! ( Griffin ) Would you like to keep him company ? ( Man ) Stand away ! Keep back ! ( Train whistle ) Thank you . - Give me £ 5 worth of silver , please . - Yes , sir . Thank you . Good day . - Morning . - Morning , sir . There you are . A present from the invisible man . Money ! Money ! Money ! Money ! ( Laughs ) ! Up and down the City Road ! In and out the Eagle ! That 's the way the money goes ! Pop goes the weasel ! Money ! Money ! Money ! Money ! 20 men of the search parties have been killed , and 100 in the train disaster . The invisible man has been reported in a hundred different places . Now I appeal to you to help us keep the public calm . What plans have you got for capturing him ? 100,000 men are searching and watching . But have you any special secret means of getting him ? The police have offered £ 2,000 for the first effective means . - Why not bloodhounds ? - The bloodhounds have lost the scent . Why not put wet tar on all the roads , then chase the black soles of his feet ? Because he 's not a fool . Now , we 've got one hope , gentlemen . But I daren 't say a word of it here . He may be standing there beside you listening . Try and sleep now , my dear . There 's nothing you can do . We must just pray that the police can take him without harming him . Stand back , close against the wall . Now then . Drag that net clear across the room . Now everything depends on the way we carry out my plan . I 'll tell you it after we 've made certain he 's not in this room . Good . Now we 're safe here at last . Constable , keep an eye on that window . Now , come here . All of you , sit down . Now listen carefully . We 've got a chance tonight that will never come again . He 's threatened to murder Dr Kemp at ten o 'clock . From what we know of him , he 'll do his utmost to carry that out . He 's certain to be near this house , watching , for some time beforehand . Now , at half past nine , Dr Kemp , with a bodyguard of police , will leave this house and walk down to the police station . It 's a natural thing for Dr Kemp to seek protection . The invisible man is certain to be near . He 's certain to see what 's happening . You mean you 're going to use me as a bait ? I can 't ! - You must . You 'll be perfectly safe . - Safe ? He 's not human . - He can go through prison walls . - Don 't be a fool . I can 't sit in that station waiting . He 'll kill you , kill you all , and then take the keys and come to me . Very well . If you 're afraid of waiting in the police station , you can leave it directly you 're inside . There 's a secret way out through the inspector 's house . We 'll disguise you as a policeman and you can walk out and drive away . Even if he sees you , he won 't recognise you . He 'll probably be waiting to break in at ten o 'clock . - What happens to me then ? - I 'll have you driven quietly back here . Then get into your car and drive away into the country , miles away , and stay there until we 've got him . Now , you needn 't be afraid . We 'll get him all right this time . I 'll lay traps that even an invisible man can 't pass . You see ? It covers a fairly wide range . Now , I 've got 20 of these guns and a good man to each . One splash of this on his skin and we 've got something to follow at last . - Why not paint the top of the wall ? - Because he 'd smell it . I 've got a better plan . I 'm going to put a thin layer of loose earth on top of the wall . The slightest touch will disturb it , and we 've got him trapped . Oh , I see . Pretty good . Quick march ! ( Griffin ) They think they 're very clever . All right , take him straight inside . 20 minutes to ten . Keep your eyes open now , boys . Here , quick , sir . I heard footsteps outside , soft footsteps , like naked feet . Listen . Come on . - Where are you going to ? - The mountains , 100 miles away . Drive away quickly . It 's ten minutes to ten . He 's bound to do something in a minute . - Will he try and get into the station ? - Every door and window is barred . No , he 'll try the wall right enough . There he goes ! - Go to your stations now . Watch the wall . - He 's over the wall ! I felt breathing down my neck . He 's in here . Ten o 'clock ! Ten o 'clock he wanted to murder me . ( Griffin ) I think this 'll do nicely , Kemp . We 'll stop here . It 's ten o 'clock . I came with you to keep my promise . No ! It 's all a mistake , Griffin . I swear I never told the police . I want to help you . Let me be your partner . I 've had a cold and uncomfortable journey just to keep my promise at ten o 'clock . I went into the police station with you . I stood by while you changed into that coat . I rode on the running board of the car that took you home again . There . You sit there . I 've got you where I want you . I hope your car 's insured . I 'm afraid there 's going to be a nasty accident . A very nasty accident . - I 'll do anything . Everything you ask me . - You will ? That 's fine . Sit where you are . I 'll get out and take the handbrake off and give you a little shove . You 'll run down and through the railings . Then you 'll have a big thrill for 100 yards till you hit a boulder . Then you 'll do a somersault and break your arms , then a grand finish-up with a broken neck . Well , goodbye , Kemp . I always said you were a dirty little coward . You 're a dirty , sneaking little rat as well . Goodbye . ( Griffin laughs insanely ) 1,000 replies have come to my appeal for ways of catching the invisible man . Some are clever , some stupid , but all are impossible . He 's got to sleep . They might catch him asleep . - He 's got to eat and drink . - A café was robbed last night in Manton . There 's no proof he did it . There are robberies every night by ordinary burglars . ( Griffin sighs ) This feels good . ( Sneezes ) ( Snoring ) ( Snoring continues ) Look there . We wanted help-there it is . It 's now or never . The snow won 't lie long at this time of year . It may be gone in a few hours . Norton , find out if the snow is yet all over the country . Send out a broadcast message . He can 't stay out in this bitter cold . He 'll seek shelter . Excuse me , sir . There 's breathing in my barn . What do you mean , breathing in your barn ? The invisible man , sir . Sure as I stand here . The farmer may have imagined it , but we can 't leave it to chance . Surround the barn . No use trying to take him on the inside . Force him out into the snow . Take some wood and gasoline and set fire to it . That 's it , sir . He 's in there under a pile of straw , sir . Are there any windows he can watch from ? No , sir . Only the door , sir . ( Yawning ) There 's a reward of £ 1,000 waiting for you if we 're successful . We 're lucky to have the open country . Take your men and cover the country from the road to the hill . Line the ridge through those trees . There 's no time to lose . We can 't wait till he comes out to search for food . We must fire the barn at once and drive him out into the snow . Keep in single file . We don 't want a lot of your footprints around the barn . We want to keep the snow for his feet alone . Get that searchlight on the door of that barn . He 's out ! Look ! Shall I give the signal to advance ? ( Gunshots ) I don 't think your guard is needed any longer . - How is he ? - He 's very near the end . - Are you Dr Cranley ? - Yes . I got word to come immediately . Towards dawn this morning he grew quiet . He called the name of a girl - I understand , your daughter . She 's waiting below . Is there any chance ? The bullet passed through both lungs . It 's impossible to treat the wound . Do you think your daughter could bear to go to him ? I 'm afraid the end may be rather terrible . The effect of the drugs will die with him . His body will become visible as life goes . I 'll bring her now . - Is Flora there ? - She 's coming now . I knew you would come to me , Flora . I wanted to come back to you . My darling . I failed . I meddled in things ... that man must leave alone . ( Moans ) Father , come quickly . This is Rudy Behlmer speaking . For the next 71 minutes , I 'll be talking about the background and making of the 1933 film version of HG Wells 's novel The Invisible Man , a film that still plays remarkably well . Various outlines , treatments and scripts were submitted by 12 writers , before RC Sherriff 's approach was accepted by all involved , including author HG Wells . Four different directors were slated at various times to handle the production , before James Whale was set . Boris Karloff was definitely the studio 's choice for the title role until late in preproduction . The amazing special effects of 1933 by John Fulton are still amazing in this day of seemingly boundless effects technology , but details on all this and much more will follow as we go along . No , the music you are hearing is not Tchaikovsky 's Swan Lake , which was used under the main title for four Universal horror films , beginning with Dracula in 1931 , but this is an original score by Heinz Roemheld . It 's a sparse score , to say the least . After the opening , you won 't hear any more of it until the last seven minutes of the film . The film and HG Wells ' novel open in the exact same way . I quote from the beginning of chapter one in the book : " The stranger came early in February one wintry day , through a biting wind and a driving snow , the last snowfall of the year , over the down , walking as it seemed from Bramblehurst railway station . " " He was wrapped up from head to foot , and the brim of his soft felt hat hid every inch of his face but the shiny tip of his nose ; the snow had piled itself against his shoulders and chest , and added a white crest to the burden he carried . " Wells 's story took place in the West Sussex village of Iping in England , but British director James Whale drew upon his memories of growing up in the town of Dudley , in the West Midlands of England , in order to cast and direct character types . Whale said " I do not doubt that when Dudley people see this film , they will recognise some of these types . " The village inn , in the film called " The Lion 's Head " , has a cross section of types engaging in characteristic activity . Typical inn and pub . Conversation , laughter , a few pints of ale , and darts . Enter the mysterious stranger . He is dramatically pointed up by a series of three successively closer shots , similar to Whale 's introduction of Frankenstein 's monster , played by Boris Karloff in the 1931 production of Frankenstein . But the voice you 're going to hear is certainly not Karloff 's . Rather , the unmistakable and unique vocal delivery of Claude Rains , who was making his first sound film . What happened regarding the planned casting of Boris Karloff in the title role ? After his success in Frankenstein , and to a lesser extent , The Mask of Fu Manchu , on loan to MGM , and The Mummy , back at his home studio , Universal regarded him as a full-fledged star , and all along had planned for him to do The Invisible Man . But the Great Depression had taken its toll on Universal , as well as most of the other studios , and they were in dire straits . In May 1933 , when Karloff returned from England , where he had been on loan to Gaumont-British for The Ghoul , he was still set for the starring role in The Invisible Man . Then , in June , he encountered contract problems with Universal . As the trade paper Variety reported , " Universal is continuing its policy of dumping contract players as soon as they reach the big-money class , and substituting them with new people at less money . " " The latest Universal star to go off the list is Boris Karloff . " " At the studio 18 months , Karloff had been drawing $ 750 per week and was scheduled to get $ 1250 on his coming option jump . " " The sum represented a jump of $ 500 , or $ 250 each for two option periods . " " Karloff waived the previous option increase , which would have boosted his salary to $ 1000 , on condition that he would get the full amount on the next option . " " Universal refused to meet the figure , which came due Thursday , and Karloff walked . " Whale offered the role to fellow Britisher Colin Clive , who had been the director 's leading man in both the stage and screen versions of the well-received Journey 's End , and who played the leading role of Dr Frankenstein , who creates the monster , in Whale 's 1931 film of Frankenstein . But Clive , who had a marvellous voice and delivery , had just completed two additional film roles in Hollywood , and wanted to get back to England , although the part did appeal to him . In the British magazine Picturegoer , in July 1933 : " Colin Clive gets a kick out of playing parts like his grim role in Frankenstein . " " He certainly does not see himself as a leading man or romantic lover . " " He wants the strong stuff . " Now what ? Whale remembered Claude Rains , and discovered that he had made a screen test for RKO Radio Pictures for the leading male role in A Bill of Divorcement in 1932 . Apparently it was not good . In fact , it was , in the actor 's own words , " the worst screen test in the history of movie-making " . He said that when Whale saw it , he howled with laughter . Incidentally , the part in A Bill of Divorcement went to luminary John Barrymore . But Whale wanted Rains and his special presence . A test was made , and Rains , who had been appearing in Broadway plays , was signed at virtually the last moment . Unless one had seen him on the stage in his native England , or in New York , the unique and commanding texture of his vocal delivery would be a new experience for movie-goers at that time . That 's why Whale wanted him , for his voice . Whale knew Rains and his work and he knew the voice had to be a distinctive one because of the unusual nature of the role . He also wanted a highly-trained and consummate actor , who would be able to give extra dimensions to what might be regarded as merely a highly-charged , melodramatic role . Rains had played a vast range of roles in his many years in the theatre , and was never typecast . So far , the film has been following the HG Wells novel very closely , but RC Sherriff quite rightly felt that some changes in Wells 's novel were necessary in order to present a more unified structure for a 70-minute film and to give the mysterious stranger certain sympathetic qualities for contrast . Sherriff 's modifications were thoughtful and not capricious . A change of scene . We are introduced in this sequence to two characters not in the novel at all , but very much a strong presence in the screenplay . Dr Cranley , played by Henry Travers , is obviously a scientist or medical man , and we shortly find out that the mysterious man at the inn is probably Jack Griffin , a scientist employed by Dr Cranley who has been gone for a month , working on a private experiment . But his whereabouts are unknown . Flora , played by Gloria Stuart , is Dr Cranley 's distressed daughter , who , we can tell , is very much in love with Jack Griffin , the stranger at the inn . To get maximum mileage from this character introduction and exposition , we learn a bit about Griffin 's secretive experiments , which , combined with what we 've seen of his actions previously at the inn , and the film 's title , The Invisible Man , leaves little doubt about what he 's been up to . The gradual revealment is a necessary dramatic setup for the events that will follow . This exposition of character relationships is expanded by the introduction of Dr Kemp , played by William Harrigan , a character in the novel whose role is greatly enlarged for dramatic purposes in the film . He obviously is in the employ of Flora 's father , as is Jack Griffin , the Rains character . It 's necessary to get Flora and Kemp to another area , via Whale 's use of the lateral camera move , which , as in the theatre , breaks away walls and leads us to another room . Now Kemp is able to have a more intimate discussion with Flora . He 's presented here as a romantic rival for Flora , and as a not particularly charming suitor . While under contract to Universal Pictures for four years , Gloria Stuart , who plays Flora , did two other films for director James Whale : The Old Dark House in 1932 and The Kiss Before the Mirror in 1933 . Stuart has said that Whale was an exceptionally well prepared and enthusiastic director . On his script , he had each camera setup for the day 's shooting noted in his own handwriting opposite the dialogue . Many other performers and technicians have noted Whale 's meticulous approach . William Harrigan had been an actor on the stage since the age of five . In 1929 , he went to Hollywood with the advent of talking pictures , and the mass exodus of many Broadway players . Now , Dr Kemp is declaring , quite emphatically , his feelings for Flora , who , not too subtly , is surrounded by flowers in the photographic compositions . Flora , flowers . Anyway , Flora amply demonstrates a definitive example of the attraction / repulsion theory by her reaction to Kemp 's romantic overture . In this instance , repulsion wins hands down . Meanwhile , back at the inn , the mysterious stranger is trying desperately to find a solution to an aspect of his experiment , one of many , that we 're not too clear about as yet . We wonder about his intense frustration . Una O 'Connor , whose real name was Agnes McGlade , was born in Belfast , Ireland in 1880 . She attended convent school , and joined the school of the Abbey Players in Dublin . She made her official debut in 1911 . Una acted with the Abbey Players , the Irish Repertory Company , and the Irish Literary Theatre , in plays by Shakespeare , O 'Casey , Yeats , Ibsen , Shaw and Galsworthy . In 1913 , she made her London debut at Court Theatre , and she acted in various London plays . In 1931 , there was that great success Cavalcade , which featured Una as the cockney charwoman . When Fox planned to film the Noël Coward play , they sent for Una , and Merle Tottenham , who had played the maid of Cavalcade , and reprises that role in this film . In 1933 , James Whale , who had known Una from the London stage , invited her and Merle to act in his Invisible Man . For many years , she appeared in many memorable Hollywood films , including James Whale 's sequel to Frankenstein , the 1935 Bride of Frankenstein . Some of her other supporting roles include The Barretts of Wimpole Street , David Copperfield , The Informer , The Adventures of Robin Hood , The Sea Hawk , How Green Was my Valley , Random Harvest , The Bells of St Mary 's , and Adventures of Don Juan . There are many British players in this film , most from theatre , both in England and America , and some who arrived in Hollywood after the introduction of sound . Whale had worked with or knew them , and naturally felt comfortable when he personally cast them in the film . This gentleman is Forrester Harvey , who was born in County Cork , Ireland , in 1884 . He moved to London at a very young age , and before coming to America in 1924 Harvey had been featured in English film comedies for ten years . He then appeared in New York plays . Returning to London , he accepted the role of Lieutenant Trotter in the Whale-directed hit play Journey 's End , and then again came to America , this time to stay . His film roles include Tarzan the Ape Man , Red Dust , Tarzan and his Mate , Captain Blood , Rebecca , The Invisible Man Returns , the 1941 Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde , The Wolf Man , Mrs Miniver and many others . We now see that the stranger is capable of a furious outburst , and we 'll see extreme violence , a portent of his obviously unstable and dangerous state . Una O 'Connor is capable of bursting forth with an incredible volley of high-decibel cackles , screams , shrieks that seem rather over the top , to say the least . There 's another scene a little later where she reprises her full complement of these . Fair warning . Obviously , director James Whale didn 't think it was too rich . In fact , two years later , he had her going through her screech repertoire again for Bride of Frankenstein . But interestingly , you don 't hear her going anywhere near that level in her many other fine characterisations through the decades . HG Wells 's novel The Invisible Man was first serialised in England in Pearson 's Weekly , in 1897 , and then published in book form that same year . Universal had a synopsis in the late 1920s , when Wells 's agent was offering motion picture rights . MGM apparently turned it down in 1931 because of potential technical obstacles . But Universal , by late 1931 , was seriously considering the title as one of the follow-ups to their Dracula and Frankenstein . The studio executives turned to John Fulton , the head of what was then referred to as the " trick department " , to see if it was possible to create and execute acceptable effects for the subject . Fulton said yes , so Universal bought the story rights on September 22nd 1931 for $ 10,000 , with author HG Wells granted script approval as part of the deal . The studio also bought , about that same time , a new 1931 novel by Philip Wylie called The Murderer Invisible . But more about that anon . John Fulton , nicknamed " The Doctor " around the lot , knew that the travelling-matte technique would be the way to approach the most dazzling of the effects . Before coming to work at Universal , Fulton worked for the Frank Williams Laboratory in Hollywood . Where the travelling-matte system had evolved . Fulton wrote an article on The Invisible Man for the June 1934 issue of American Cinematographer , and I quote : " Pulling off a nose . This scene was made by using a dummy , an exact replica of the player 's make-up . " " And then the unwrapping action was handled in the same fashion as the other half-clad scenes , that is , by multiple printing with travelling mattes . " " We had considerable trouble in getting the actor to move naturally , yet without ever passing his hands in front of himself . " This is only a warm-up , of course , for the multiplicity of effects that follow . We are now about 17 minutes into the film , and the build-up to this moment has been just right . We were allowed one brief profile shot of an invisible mouth , chin and jaw several minutes ago , and now with the unwrapping shots we wait with fascinating anticipation to see what lengths the invisibility presentation will take us next . For the undressing scenes , RC Sherriff wrote a note in his screenplay ... Wait a minute . I guess the invisible man doesn 't wear underwear . Anyway , his note says : " I suggest that trick photography be employed here , as far as possible , with the aid of invisible wire frames manipulated by the marionette method . " But , as Fulton explained , " the wire technique could not be used , for the clothes would look empty and would hardly move naturally " . " So we had recourse to multiple printing with variations . " " Most of these scenes involve other , normal characters , so we shot these scenes in the normal manner but without any trace of the invisible man . " " All of the action , of course , had to be carefully timed , as in any sort of double-exposure work . " " The negative was then developed in the normal manner . " " The scenes in which he is totally invisible are , of course , very simple . " " Anything he may move about , such as furniture , books , a bicycle and so on , could be moved by fine wires invisible to the camera , and thereby give exactly the right effect . " Actor EE Clive , playing the police constable , made his film debut in The Invisible Man . Incidentally , his first name was Edward . Born in Wales , Clive was a master of the various dialects of the British Isles , and toured extensively in the provinces after taking up a stage career at the age of 22 . He moved to the United States in 1912 . He only spent seven years in Hollywood films before dying from a heart attack , but in that short span , racked up over 80 movies . We 've now moved from melodrama into knockabout comedy , with the invisible man leading us through a parade of Whale 's expertly choreographed physical wire effects , all carefully rigged and executed by Al Johnson and Bob Laslow . Of course , the actors had to move and react convincingly to make these quick cuts work . A bicycle riding away by itself is on a concealed track , and wires above kept the bike upright . The invisible man 's patter during this collage was not in the script , but was probably post-recorded by Rains . Much of Rains ' dialogue throughout the film was either pre - Or post-recorded . Most of the exteriors made were shot on the back lot at Universal . EE Clive worked for director James Whale in five additional films . One More River , Bride of Frankenstein , Remember Last Night ? Show Boat , and The Great Garrick . Some of his other credits include A Tale of Two Cities , Captain Blood , Libeled Lady , Camille , The Charge of the Light Brigade , The Hound of the Baskervilles , The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes , and his last film , Hitchcock 's Foreign Correspondent in 1940 . Not only a change of scene , but a total change in mood . More developments regarding Jack Griffin 's experiments , and one major discovery coming up , regarding a dangerous drug . We are so accustomed to the wonderful character actor Henry Travers being cast as a whimsical , bemused benign person , often slightly eccentric , that it 's curious here to see him playing seemingly straight and sombre . This was only his fourth film . Although born of Irish parents in England on the Scottish border in 1874 , he had been in America since the beginning of the 20th century , and appeared for years on Broadway in major works , including seven plays by George Bernard Shaw , in addition to Liliom , Volpone and Reunion in Vienna , et cetera . He made his film debut in the latter in 1933 . Travers , whose real name was Travers Heagerty , had appeared in two plays with Claude Rains , Camel Through the Needle 's Eye in 1929 and the stage version of The Good Earth in 1932 . Dr Cranley tells Kemp about the drug monocane . The doctor has discovered this on a list of chemicals which had been left behind by Griffin . Cranley refers to monocane as " a terrible drug " that " draws colour from everything it touches " . He also says that the drug gradually induces madness . The fictional monocane was an invention by screenwriter RC Sherriff . In the book , Griffin , a university student , has damaged his mind with strychnine . But by having monocane be part of the invisibility formula as well as a mind-altering drug , which presumably was not known by Griffin , per the dialogue in this scene , gives an acceptable motive for his various acts in the film , versus the book 's one-note monomania . In the 1940 Universal sequel The Invisible Man Returns , the name of the drug is changed to duocane , presumably marketed underground as " New , improved and double-strength " . A few of Henry Travers ' 52 films include Ball of Fire , High Sierra , Mrs Miniver , Random Harvest , Hitchcock 's Shadow of a Doubt , and that hardy perennial , Frank Capra 's It 's a Wonderful Life in 1946 as the memorable Clarence , the angel . He died in 1965 . A quiet evening at home , reading and listening to the radio . A sidebar , if I may : The tune being played on the radio is that apotheosis of maudlin sentimentality " Hearts and Flowers " , performed in an old-fashioned manner even for 1933 , on what sounds like an upright piano with all the frills and trills . Presumably , this is an inside joke , put in by a music editor some years later , to replace the music used for the initial release of the film . That music was " La Rosita " , a 1923 composition that became a semi-standard . The substitution probably stemmed from a music clearance situation . The invisible man has decided to pay a visit to his old colleague . The radio announcer begins the news with a report about an invisible man in the village of Iping . Kemp is interested . Then the radio , of course , is turned off by you know who . Both writer RC Sherriff and director Whale did not want to rely on just the invisible man 's voice to indicate his presence during scenes when he 's totally invisible , as in this situation . They wanted the audience to be drawn to the character , so everything was set up , staged and photographed to this end . Whale told Film Weekly " It was all very well to film the scenes without the actor , but I knew that I had in some way to let the audience know clearly that the actor was there all the time , although he was invisible . " " Therefore , in nearly every one of the ' invisible ' scenes , I had to devise bits of business so the audience should know where he was , what he was doing and so on . " " In one scene , I made him sit in a rocking chair , so by the movements of the chair , the audience would realise he was there , although there was no sign of his presence . " " He 's sitting in a chair talking to another person . " " I showed the seat of the chair sagging slightly as he sat down . " " Then , when his voice became more confidential , I had the chair moved a few inches toward the other person , as though the invisible man had drawn it closer for more intimate conversation . " Although we have been seeing strictly wire effects here , Sherriff and Whale mix it with intriguing travelling-matte work you 've just seen , for the cigarette lighter , the handling of the cigarette and smoking effect . William Harrigan , the actor playing Kemp , was a last-minute substitute for Chester Morris , who had been scheduled for the role . Morris was a leading player , who had come from the theatre to Hollywood . He had starred in The Big House , The Bat Whispers and The Red-Headed Woman opposite Jean Harlow , just before being slated for The Invisible Man . But , when newcomer to American films Claude Rains was signed and given top billing , Morris , who already was unhappy with his unsympathetic and colourless role , after finally reading the script , bowed out around mid-June , shortly before the start of filming . Harrigan and Claude Rains had recently appeared in the well-received Theatre Guild production on Broadway of the Irish drama , The Moon in the Yellow River . It 's possible that Rains recommended him to Whale after Morris pulled out . Harrigan had become a leading man on the Broadway stage by his 21st birthday . His family was one of the oldest in theatre history , having been on the stage uninterruptedly since 1660 . Some of Harrigan 's films include 'G ' Men with James Cagney , The Farmer 's Daughter , with Loretta Young , Desert Fury with Burt Lancaster and Flying Leathernecks with John Wayne . He created the role of the Captain in the stage production of the extremely popular Mister Roberts in 1948 , and stayed with it during its original three-year run . His sister was film and stage actress Nedda Harrigan . The actor died in 1966 at age 79 . I would like to talk about the person who wrote The Invisible Man novel in 1897 , HG Wells . Herbert George Wells . An English novelist and journalist , who was known for his science fiction , his satirical novels and his popular books on history and science . He was a vigorous advocate of socialism , feminism , evolutionism , nationalism and the advancement of science . Often called the first great writer of science fiction , Wells wrote The Time Machine , The Island of Dr Moreau , The Invisible Man , The War of the Worlds , The First Men in the Moon , among many others . They were all published at the end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th . Wells was not the first to write about a person becoming invisible . In 1833 , James Dalton composed an ambitious cautionary tale in a three-decker novel called The Invisible Gentleman . Later , Edward Page Mitchell dealt with the subject in a story called The Crystal Man in 1881 . And CH Hinton wrote a tale of invisibility titled Stella in 1895 . These are just a few examples . In The Invisible Man novel , Wells writes about Griffin 's experiments that involve a fourth dimension , in this case , light . Refraction , reflection . He goes into pigment research and optical density , which determines the degree of visibility of things . There is a two-phase process using a drug and a mechanical device . By an ingenious use of scientific patter it all seems perfectly logical and feasible , especially since Wells wrote in a very straightforward style . Of course , his books contain highly imaginative ideas that have been the basis for many films over the past 100 years . In the film , the invisibility experiments are reduced to Griffin talking about trying " a thousand experiments , a thousand failures " , and mentioning " a mixture of drugs " . Add to this Dr Cranley discussing monocane in an earlier scene , and that takes care of what the audience is allowed to know . The scene between Griffin and Kemp was used for Claude Rains ' test . He had been appearing in the play Peace Palace in New York in early June 1933 , so the test probably was made in New York and was not directed by Whale . Also , Rains was not done up in bandages and goggles for the test . The actor said that he had never read the novel , and he had no idea that his face would not be seen during the film . Rains said " For five years-five years , mind - I was prating to the Theatre Guild about my artistic integrity . My artistic integrity ! " " Then , the first day at the studio , James brought over some bandages . " " I asked about them and he said I was to be bandaged during most of the picture . " " And I had been fighting with the Theatre Guild about my artistic integrity ! " " It served me right . " Rains recalled also that " James kept talking about this and that in pictures , about actors of whom I 'd never heard . " " When he learned I 'd only seen six films or so in my life , he told me to go right out and see pictures , to see three a day until I knew something about them . " Now , listen to Griffin 's plan . I ... You mean ... ? I must have a partner , Kemp , a visible partner , to help me in the little things . You 're my partner , Kemp . We 'll begin with a reign of terror . A few murders here and there . Murders of great men and murders of little men , just to show we make no distinction . We might even wreck a train or two . Just these fingers round a signalman 's throat , that 's all . We think of Claude Rains ' very distinctive and dramatically appealing voice , but it was not always thus . William Claude Rains was born in 1889 in London . The family was poor . Hating school and teased by classmates because of a serious speech impediment , he ran away at a very young age . After appearing in a crowd scene on the stage of London 's Haymarket Theatre , Rains , at age 10 in 1900 , made the monumental decision to devote his life to the theatre . But in addition to a broad cockney accent and a stutter , Rains had other speech problems . Over 50 years later , when Rains received the Medal for Good Speech on the Stage , in New York , he recalled : " Almost my first occupation in the theatre was a callboy . " " I had to summon actors from their dressing rooms to the stage . " " It was difficult to be taken seriously because I had a speech impediment . " " I had no Rs . If anyone asked my name , my answer came out as ' Willy Wains ' . " I had ideas that someday I would become an actor , so the all-important thing was to get rid of the impediment . " " I discovered I had a ' lazy tongue ' , the muscle of which had never properly been used , because my mother thought I talked ' pwettily ' . " But Rains worked hard to overcome his problem . He took elocution lessons , did voice and speech exercises , and worked on them with great intensity . He also listened , and observed everything in the theatrical atmosphere around him . He made his adult acting debut as Claude Rains in 1911 , again at the Haymarket Theatre , his voice and speech problems conquered . Walter Brennan , before he became a major character actor . In the British Army in France during World War I , Rains was subjected to heavy artillery bombardment and poison gas . As a result , while in the infirmary he discovered that his vocal chords had been paralysed , and that his right eye was almost completely blind . Eventually he was able to speak again , and Rains later would say that the unique , husky quality of his voice was due to the effects of the poison gas . But his near-blindness in his right eye was another matter . Only his family and some very close friends were aware of it . That lasted through the rest of his life . Rains had a distinguished career on the London stage , playing in some very important productions , including a series of George Bernard Shaw plays . He also became an acting teacher at the famous Royal Academy of Dramatic Art , where he worked with such students and later luminaries as Laurence Olivier and John Gielgud . In late 1926 , he moved to the Broadway stage in American touring companies of hit plays . Rains went on to become , in the late 1920s , the Theatre Guild 's outstanding character actor . Now we 're going to see more physical effects-mostly wire effects-coming up to get material out of his room and down to the street . None of this involved travelling mattes , but it involved heavy-wire work that you couldn 't see because of the thinness of the wires . The actor playing Inspector Bird is Britisher Harry Stubbs , who had been in American films since 1929 . Horror film buffs will recognise him from later appearances in Werewolf of London , The Invisible Man Returns , The Mummy 's Hand , The Wolf Man and Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man . For those who wanted yet another round of Una 's shrieks , this is the moment . It is also her grand finale for this film . In 1954 , Una was a very frail and weak 74 years old , but she couldn 't resist taking the part of the deaf Scottish maid whose testimony provides comic relief in Agatha Christie 's play Witness for the Prosecution . A major hit , it ran for 645 performances in New York . Una 's portrayal delighted audiences . Billy Wilder directed the film version , starring Tyrone Power , Charles Laughton and Marlene Dietrich in 1957 , and Una went to Hollywood for her last screen appearance , recreating her role . She died in 1959 at the age of 78 . Two years earlier , James Whale , when he died , had left a bequest to the actress . Now the invisible man has started to put into practice his " reign of terror " . Remember that speech about beginning with a few murders , here and there ? Inspector Bird was his first murder victim , but we know there are more to come , perhaps on a big scale . Here 's actor John Carradine , then known as John Peter Richmond , when he was playing small roles around Hollywood . Coming up very soon is one of the most ingenious but complicated travelling-matte shots in the film . Special-effects technician John Fulton will explain in his own words his working methods for the matte shots . As stated earlier , the scenes involving the invisible man partially clothed or totally invisible but with props such as cigarettes or lighters visible , along with other characters on the set , were photographed as normal , but without any evidence of the invisible man and / or the handled props . The negative was then developed . After the entire film was finished shooting , Fulton and his crew , along with director James Whale , began the special process work . Said Fulton " We used a completely black set , walled and floored with black velvet , to be as nearly non-reflective as possible . " " Our actor was garbed from head to foot in black velvet tights , with black gloves and a black headpiece rather like a diver 's helmet . " " Over this , he wore whatever clothes might be required . " " This gave us a picture of unsupported clothes moving on a dead black field . " From this negative , we made a print and a duplicate negative , which we intensified to serve as mattes for printing . " " Then , with an ordinary printer , we made our composite . " Now here 's that scene I was talking about . John Fulton says " This shot had to show the man himself from the rear , and his reflection in the mirror . " " Ordinarily this would be simple enough , but when you add the difficulties of showing the unwrapping of an invisible head , you have some complicated problems to solve . " " This required the making of four separate takes , combined by the travelling-matte printing system into one picture . " " First , there was the shot of the wall and the mirror , with the mirror itself masked out by black velvet . " " Next , a separate shot of the opposite wall of the room , as reflected in the mirror . " " Thirdly , the shot of the invisible man from the rear , unwrapping his bandages , and lastly , the reflection of him from the front doing the same act . " " All of these had to be perfectly coordinated , matched in viewpoint , perspective and action to a fraction of an inch . " " Several of the negatives required hand retouching . " " And last , but far from least , the action had to be figured out so that the hands of the actor did not pass between himself and the camera or between the reflection and the camera . " " It was as difficult a shot as I have ever made . " In some scenes it was possible to leave small eyeholes in the black headpiece the person in the all-black outfit had on . But for other shots , such as the close shots of the head unwrapping , this was not possible , and the actor had to work blind . Sometimes the actor was Claude Rains , but often it was a double . Air was supplied through tubes , as in a diving suit . The tubes were mostly concealed , running up a trouser leg . Fulton recalled that on at least one occasion either the air supply developed a problem , or the summer heat along with the units lighting the set ... In any case , something . The double was overcome and he fainted mid-scene . Fulton recalled " In nearly all of these scenes , though they were made silent , it was difficult , sometimes impossible , to direct the actor . " " The helmet muffled the sound from outside , and the air tubes made a roaring rumble in his ears , which drowned out any sounds which might filter through the padding . " " When I used a large megaphone , and shouted at the top of my voice , he could just barely hear a faint murmur . " " Accordingly , we had to rehearse , and rehearse , and then make many takes . " " As a rule , by take 20 of any such scene , we felt ourselves merely well started toward getting our shot . " Also , care had to be taken to get the actor to move naturally , yet in a way that did not present , for example , an open sleeve-end to the camera , which would destroy the illusion . Also , the actor couldn 't pass his hands in front of himself . Of course , there were small imperfections that were not detected until those involved viewed the developed and printed film the next day . Fixing these slight problem areas was accomplished by individuals who carefully retouched the film , frame by frame , with a very small brush and opaque dye . According to Fulton , approximately 64,000 frames were retouched in this way . Until Universal 's The Invisible Man Returns in 1940 , there was no attempt to deal with such spectacular invisibility effects in films . But , on a somewhat less spectacular level , in 1937 producer Hal Roach made his first of three Topper features . The story related the humorous adventures of two ghosts , husband and wife , played by Cary Grant and Constance Bennett . They sometimes appeared in a transparent mode , other times they were invisible , and they often appeared to be completely visible . Roy Seawright 's effects weren 't as elaborate as those in The Invisible Man , but they were well done . One of the challenges for John Fulton , when he was doing his special invisible shots against a black velvet background , was matching the lighting on the visible part of the shots with the general lighting used by the cinematographer , Arthur Edeson , on the normal parts of the production . The Invisible Man was the last of five pictures Arthur Edeson photographed with James Whale . The two apparently got along well . There were never any arguments or disagreements . Whale learned a lot from Edeson , beginning with their first film together , Waterloo Bridge in 1931 , and then Frankenstein that same year . But Edeson moved elsewhere after The Invisible Man . One of his major productions soon after was the 1935 Mutiny on the Bounty at MGM . Then there was the classic 1941 Maltese Falcon with Humphrey Bogart , and he just happened to photograph a picture called Casablanca in 1942 . Here 's John Carradine again . He was born Richmond Reed Carradine , but his name was changed to John Carradine when he went under contract to Twentieth Century Fox in 1935 . Arthur Edeson went way back as a cinematographer , way back to 1914 . He shot some of Douglas Fairbanks Senior 's big productions in the 1920s , including Robin Hood and The Thief of Bagdad . He did the first version of The Lost World in 1925 . Edeson and director Lewis Milestone for All Quiet on the Western Front , in 1930 , liberated the camera from the cumbersome booths that had been used to muffle noise when sound was introduced in the late 1920s . Believe it or not , there were motion pictures dealing with invisibility as far back as 1904 . A little number called The Invisible Siva , a Georges Méliès French production . Méliès was famous for doing trick films with the magic executed in the camera . Another French production , The Invisible Thief , was done in 1905 . The Invisible Fluid in 1908 bestowed temporary invisibility on men and inanimate objects . Then came the British Invisible Dog in 1910 . The Light Unseen in 1914 featured an invisible scientist . A 1923 feature picture directed by Roland West called The Unknown Purple has an inventor , played by Henry B Walthall , discovering a purple light that renders the user invisible . He utilises the light to revenge himself against those who framed him for theft . And in 1933 , the same year The Invisible Man was made , there was a German film called The Invisible Man Goes Through the City . Even animated cartoons tried the invisible man theme . One example is a 1939 Warner Brothers Looney Tunes called Porky 's Movie Mystery , featuring Porky Pig as Mr Motto . No , not Mr Moto . He 's a detective trying to track down the invisible man , who is creating problems at the film studio . Finally , the character becomes visible , and is revealed to be the caricatured image of Warner comedian of the time , Hugh Herbert . The above rundown of films constitutes only some examples , not a definitive and complete listing . Before and after the 1933 Invisible Man film , there were various features , serials , TV versions , even commercials . Whale 's biographer , James Curtis , many years ago interviewed Ted Kent , the film editor on nine of the director 's films , including The Invisible Man . Recalling Whale 's working methods , Kent talked about Whale wanting to maintain control over all aspects of the productions . In scripts , for example , he would point out where close-ups were to be used . Then at the back of his scripts he would make suggested illustrations for the art and costume departments . Apparently , in creative areas , it was difficult for Whale to delegate . This is the first of only two scenes in the entire film between the invisible man and his beloved Flora . In part , it is a very poignant scene . Griffin displays genuine tenderness toward his inamorata . You have the feeling that his love for Flora has temporarily held in check his maniacal behaviour from the effects of the monocane drug . Griffin 's vocal delivery reflects his momentary change back to what was surely his personality prior to the nefarious experiment . After some devoted , touching comments by Griffin , Flora asks : - Why did you do this ? - For you , Flora . - For me ? - Yes , for you , my darling . I wanted to do something tremendous , to achieve what men of science have dreamt of since the world began , to gain wealth and fame and honour , to write my name above the greatest scientists of all time . I was so pitifully poor . I had nothing to offer you , Flora . I was just a poor , struggling chemist . I shall come back to you , Flora , very soon now . The secret of invisibility lies there in my books . I shall work in Kemp 's laboratory till I find the way back . There is a way back , Flora . And then I shall come to you . I shall offer my secret to the world , with all its terrible power / The nations of the world will bid for it - thousands , millions . The nation that wins my secret can sweep the world with invisible armies / Obviously the monocane is fighting to regain its power , and it succeeds . Gloria Stuart has given many interviews regarding her reactions to playing scenes in this film with Claude Rains . She found him rather distant , self-absorbed and prone to upstaging her in front of the camera . But Whale intervened . All in all , she did not find working with Claude to be an enjoyable experience . Actor Peter Lorre told an amusing story about a joke played on Claude that took place when they were filming Casablanca . " Claude was constantly studying , making sure he had each line letter-perfect . " " One day we wrote a scene which had nothing to do with the script , and asked all the actors to memorise it , except Claude , of course . " " When he came in the next day and saw us rehearsing the scene , he was frantic . " " He called me aside and said ' Peter , something terrible has happened to me . " ' " ' I can 't remember a single line . ' We all broke up , and he wasn 't even mad , just relieved that his memory wasn 't failing . " Gloria Stuart was playing in The Seagull at the Pasadena Playhouse in 1932 when Phil Friedman , then Universal 's casting director , saw her and asked her to make a test . A contract followed . In addition to her films at Universal , including three with James Whale , she was loaned for various pictures , including Here Comes the Navy with James Cagney and Pat O 'Brien , and Gold Diggers of 1935 with Dick Powell . One day Universal 's production chief , Carl Laemmle Junior , asked to see her . Gloria recalled " Junior was sitting behind his desk . " " ' Sit down , Gloria . We have a wonderful idea for you . " ' " ' We 're going to make you a female Tarzan ! " ' " I guess it was a count of one , two , three , then I really started screaming ! " She then went under contract to Twentieth Century Fox , and was featured in such films as The Prisoner of Shark Island , and two films with Shirley Temple , Poor Little Rich Girl and Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm . When she tried to make the move from screen to Broadway in the 1940s , " I never made it . It was years and years of disappointment . " Her second husband , screenwriter Arthur Sheekman , convinced her to stop trying . In 1983 she learned printing from Ward Ritchie , a master printer and book designer she had met back in 1930 . Both were widowed . Soon she was creating artists ' books in limited editions . Ritchie was her companion until his death in 1996 . When director James Cameron selected the 86-year-old Gloria for a leading role in Titanic in 1996 , yet another phase of her careers began . Since Titanic , she has appeared in other films and is still going strong aged 90 . Clearly , RC Sherriff 's screenplay stayed reasonably close to HG Wells ' novel . But what about those various treatments and 11 scripts prepared by 12 different writers that preceded Sherriff 's version ? Garrett Fort , who had worked on the scripts for both Dracula and Frankenstein , started the parade with a screenplay dated April 9 , 1932 . He worked with Robert Florey , who at that time was slated to direct The Invisible Man . But the script was not based on Wells 's book , but rather on Philip Wylie 's 1931 novel , The Murderer Invisible , that Universal had recently purchased . Wylie 's novel was set in contemporary times in New York and New Jersey . It dealt with a research scientist , prior to disappearing himself , experimenting and making an octopus invisible in his laboratory tank . With his own invisibility comes megalomania . He wreaks havoc on New York City by blowing up Grand Central station , among other major acts . His plans are thwarted as he is about to place invisible cholera bacteria into New York 's water supply that no microscope would be able to detect . Then the heroine crashes a bottle of ink on his skull . The bottle breaks , and the ink deluges him , making him visible and an easy target for the police . The early scripts were quite faithful to Wylie 's novel , except that Garrett Fort modified the invisible cholera to invisible rats carrying bubonic plague . But the invisible one is killed , along with the rats , by the police showering his refuge with chlorine gas . John L Balderston , who had worked on the play versions of Dracula and Frankenstein , as well as the screenplay of Universal 's The Mummy , wrote several drafts of the script based on Garrett Fort 's adaptation of The Murderer Invisible . A later draft of Balderston 's was done with the collaboration of Cyril Gardner , who for a while was going to direct the film . Through the long gestation period , various directors were announced by Universal to do The Invisible Man . In addition to Gardner and Florey , James Whale was to be on the project at different times . Even EA Dupont , the German director . Since HG Wells supposedly had script approval , it seems unlikely that Universal would send versions based on another novel but still titled The Invisible Man , not The Murderer Invisible . Perhaps these were considered experimental drafts and not sent to Wells . A puzzlement . The train setting is a miniature on a three-quarter-inch scale , created for this film by Charlie Baker and his miniature unit at Universal . John Fulton and Baker worked as a team at the studio . The crash coming up is very well executed in all respects . Universal got a lot of mileage out of this scene , as it was recycled for other features and serials , one example being the 1942 feature Sherlock Holmes and the Voice of Terror , with Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce . Philip Wylie , author of The Murderer Invisible novel , was a prolific writer who worked in various genres . Science fiction buffs know such books as his When Worlds Collide and After Worlds Collide , among many others . At the time The Invisible Man was being prepared and filmed , Wylie was at Paramount working on the screenplay of another HG Wells book , The Island of Dr Moreau . The title was changed to The Island of Lost Souls . In addition , he contributed to the scripts of Murders in the Zoo and King of the Jungle at Paramount during 1933 . The reporter asking the questions is played by Dwight Frye . We think of such characterisations as the crazed Renfield in Dracula , as the hunchback Fritz , Frankenstein 's loony assistant in the 1931 Frankenstein and a similar role in Bride of Frankenstein . But here , his brief appearance is one of complete normality . Before coming to Hollywood in 1930 , he had an impressive career in the theatre . Frye was in six of James Whale 's films . Moving on with the saga of the evolving Invisible Man screenplays ... New approaches included a treatment by Richard Schayer , which has a scientist render his mutilated assistant invisible and later stand trial for a murder committed by the assistant . Preston Sturges contributed a script that had a doctor treating his maniacal assistant with an invisibility drug , following which the two journey to Russia to avenge the killing of the scientist 's relatives during the revolution . James Whale decided to do a six-page treatment of his own . The approach presents the invisible man as a scientist who was able to make himself invisible to obliterate a ghastly disfigurement . But he too has a mind alteration afterwards and goes on a killing spree . Gouverneur Morris wrote a screenplay based on Whale 's six-page treatment . For this version , Philip Wylie 's invisible octopus had a return engagement . Apparently , Laird Doyle did a script and John Weld , we are told , wrote a treatment and screenplay that were actually based on HG Wells ' novel . He was replaced by British playwright RC Sherriff , whose very successful play Journey 's End had been directed by James Whale on the stage and screen . The actor playing the chief of detectives is Dudley Digges , another Irish-born actor who made his stage debut with the Abbey Theatre Players in Dublin , and first performed in the US in New York in 1904 . In 1911 , he became stage manager for the distinguished actor George Arliss , for seven years . And from 1919 to 1930 , Digges appeared in many Theatre Guild productions , and staged or produced several plays . In 1923 he produced George Bernard Shaw 's The Doctor 's Dilemma , which featured Claude Rains . Later , Rains relieved Digges the actor in two plays with extended runs and tours . Digges , starting in 1929 , appeared in many films , including the first version of The Maltese Falcon in 1931 , as Casper Gutman , Sydney Greenstreet 's role in the 1941 Bogart version . Other notable screen credits include the 1935 Clark Gable , Charles Laughton Mutiny on the Bounty , The General Died at Dawn , The Light That Failed , Son of Fury , et cetera . He died in 1947 . RC Sherriff , in his 1968 autobiography , described some of the rejected adaptations he had read prior to starting his own . He mentioned that one turned the invisible man " into a man from Mars , who threatened to flood the world with invisible Martians " . That particular approach has not shown up as of now . Perhaps this was the elusive John Huston treatment , written in the summer of 1932 when he was under contract to Universal as a writer . Or , perhaps Sherriff , in retrospect , was confusing this with a project that he and Whale were working on at the time for Universal called A Trip to Mars , which was never made . Sherriff reread HG Wells novel after many years , and wondered why so many writers of the previous scripts had chosen to ignore what Universal had purchased . With Whale in agreement , Sherriff did a dramatically sound adaptation . Said Sherriff in his autobiography " To give reality to a fantastic story , HG Wells knew it had to be told through the eyes of ordinary , plain-spoken people . " " A screenplay , to my way of thinking , lay about halfway between a stage play and a novel . " " You were free from the narrow boundaries of the stage , but you had to keep from wandering down the bylanes open to the novelist . " " I had to add ingredients here and there to tighten up the drama . " Historian Paul Jensen was the first to research and write an in-depth study of The Invisible Man , many years ago . He pointed out that some of the changes Sherriff made , such as adding Flora and her father , expanding Kemp 's role , and making him a romantic rival , presented an interesting parallel . Jensen wrote " The model for these added aspects was probably Frankenstein . " " The two films share the situation of a passionate young scientist who has disappeared in order to experiment alone , leaving behind a worried fiancée , a fatherly associate - Dr Cranley here becomes Dr Waldman , and Baron Frankenstein - and a friend who is fond of the fiancée . " " By increasing Kemp 's importance , Sherriff and Whale provide Griffin with a specific antagonist , thereby creating a more precise conflict than exists in the novel . " " Such a conflict is dramatically necessary in The Invisible Man , because there is no overt struggle between the scientist and a monster , as in Frankenstein . " " Here , the scientist himself becomes the monster . " RC Sherriff , Robert Cedric Sherriff , was born in Kingston-upon-Thames , Surrey , England , in 1896 . He worked with Whale on two other films at Universal , One More River and The Road Back . He also wrote the unproduced version of Dracula 's Daughter that Whale was originally set to direct . In 1939 he wrote the excellent script for Korda 's Technicolor production of The Four Feathers . Other credits include the Robert Donat Goodbye , Mr Chips , That Hamilton Woman with Laurence Olivier and Vivien Leigh , and Odd Man Out with James Mason . He died in 1975 . Kemp 's car going over the cliff was another of Charlie Baker 's , and his Universal miniature department 's efforts . As usual , a first-rate one . This scene was also reprised in other Universal films , including Jungle Woman in 1944 and a 1945 Sherlock Holmes entry , The House of Fear . The British actor playing the chief of police is Holmes Herbert . This policeman is played by Monte Montague , an American , who speaks here with a British accent . He was an actor and stunt man for decades . After a long absence , since the main title , actually , music returns as underscoring for the last seven minutes of the film . Composer Heinz Roemheld also did original scores for two other Universal horror films at the time , The Black Cat in 1934 and Dracula 's Daughter in 1936 . In case the score sounds somewhat familiar , but you can 't quite place where else you heard it , how about trying Universal 's 1930s Flash Gordon and Buck Rogers serials with Buster Crabbe ? The music you 're hearing provided a perfect accompaniment to the intrepid interplanetary adventures of Flash , Dale and Dr Zarkov . And The Invisible Man main title music was put into service whenever a rocket ship in those serials raced here and there . The farmer is Robert Browner , who goes back to 1909 as a film actor . Although The Invisible Man was always thought to be Claude Rains ' first film , it was confirmed recently that he had a supporting role in a silent British feature production of 1920 called Build Thy House , which apparently is a lost film . But based on items in the files of the British Film Institute Rains was eighth billed and played a drunken loafer who , while applying for a job , gives some revealing and dramatic information about the leading character . After his success in The Invisible Man , Rains did two more pictures for Universal : The Man Who Reclaimed his Head , which he had done earlier on the stage , and The Mystery of Edwin Drood , based on Charles Dickens 's unfinished novel . And Whale thought of him for the role of Dr Pretorius in Bride of Frankenstein , but we know that Ernest Thesiger played that part . In 1936 he signed with Warner Brothers . It was unusual in that he was paid only when actually working on a picture . When Rains finished shooting , he would head immediately for his beloved farm in Pennsylvania . Also , his deal was non-exclusive . He played the villainous Prince John in 1938 's The Adventures of Robin Hood , photographed in Technicolor . He was nominated for an Academy Award for his performance as the suave but corrupt senator in Frank Capra 's Mr Smith Goes to Washington . Then he returned to Universal to be top billed in The Wolf Man . No , he wasn 't the wolf man , but his father . Rains played the title role in Universal 's opulent 1943 Technicolor remake of The Phantom of the Opera . There followed Now , Voyager , Casablanca , for which he won his second best supporting actor nomination , and Mr Skeffington , yet another Oscar nomination . Rains gave one of his finest performances in Alfred Hitchcock 's Notorious , for which he was Academy-nominated for the fourth time . The eminent George Bernard Shaw personally chose him to star opposite Vivien Leigh in the British production of Shaw 's Caesar and Cleopatra , released in 1946 . He also did another HG Wells story , The Passionate Friends , released in America as One Woman 's Story in 1949 . It was directed by David Lean . John Fulton described how the footprints in the snow coming up were done . " We dug a trench along the line where we wanted the footprints , and covered the trench with a board in which the footprints had been cut . " " The footprint openings were filled with wooden outlines , which had been cut to make the footprints . " " These were supported by pegs extended to the bottom of the trench , and a rope was looped around the pegs so that pulling upon it would pull out the pegs , causing the snow to drop down through the holes , giving us perfect footprints . " Those footprints look like shoe prints to me , but if he had shoes on , the shoes , of course , would be visible . What do you think ? Dramatic licence ? The doctor here is British actor Jameson Thomas . Film buffs may recall his role as Claudette Colbert 's fiancé , until she ran off with Clark Gable , in It Happened One Night . During the late 1950s and early 1960s , Claude Rains appeared in many prestige TV productions , including several Alfred Hitchcock shows . He had a role in the epic big-screen Lawrence of Arabia in 1962 , and his final film was The Greatest Story Ever Told in 1965 . Rains died in 1967 at the age of 77 . In all , Universal made seven films in which an invisible man or woman appeared . Invisibility-effects highlights from the group appear as part of the video documentary included on this special-edition DVD . Check your menu . Once again , John Fulton describes how he accomplished the gradual revealment of Jack Griffin in peace in death . " This was done directly in the camera . " " The pillow , the indentation and all , was made of plaster , and the blankets and sheets of papier-mâché . " " A long , slow lap dissolve revealed the skeleton " - A real one , by the way . " Another lap dissolve replaced the skeleton with a roughly-sculpted dummy , which suggested the contours of the actor . " " A further series of dissolves , each time using a slightly more finished dummy , brought us to the real actor himself . " Audiences finally get to see what Claude Rains looks like . In marketing , Universal decided to emphasise the novelty aspect of the film , rather than sell it as a horror film . The studio also stressed what was called at the time " feminine interest " . My favourite catch line is " Though he was invisible , she loved him . " The Invisible Man was a big success , critically and commercially , and a major factor in putting Universal in the black for the first time in two years . Remember , this was the worst of times for the Great Depression . This is Rudy Behlmer speaking .
