 ( WIND HOWLING ) ( WIND CONTINUES HOWLING ) ( PIANO PLAYING ) ( ALL CHATTERING LOUDLY ) MAN : Twenty . You hear about Mrs. Mason 's little Willy ? Sent him to school and found him buried 10-foot-deep in a snow drift . How did they get him out ? Brought the fire engine round . Put the hose pipe in , pumped it backwards and sucked him out . ( ALL LAUGHING ) ( LAUGHING CONTINUES ) ( PEOPLE APPLAUDING ) ( PIANO PLAYING ) ( ALL LAUGHING ) Fifty . Well done . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) ( WIND HOWLING ) ( LAUGHING STOPS ) I want a room and a fire . Jenny ? Hello ? There 's a gent here who wants a room and a fire . Want a room ? I said a room . We ain 't got none ready , not at this time of year . We don 't usually have folks stop in , except in the summer . You can get one ready . Certainly , sir . Minnie ! Yes ? I want a private sitting room too . Certainly , sir . Will you come through , sir ? This way , sir . It 's the coldest winter we 've had down here for years . They 've had all the sheep and the cows in for a fortnight now . Poor things . They can 't get a blade of green grass . You may be near-sighted , but you can 't be deaf and dumb as well . ( BLOWING ) Could I take your coat and hat , sir , and give them a nice dry in the kitchen ? No . I prefer to keep them on . Very good , sir . The room will be warm soon . I 've got some luggage at the station . How can I have it sent ? I 'll get it brought over tomorrow , sir . Are you going to stay a bit ? Yes . Is there no way of getting it tonight ? Oh , not tonight , sir . Very well . Bring me some food . Right away , sir . If you ask me , he 's a criminal flying from justice . Go on . He 's snow-blind , that 's what he is . Has to wear goggles to save his eyes . Anyway , you be careful and lock your money up . A bottle of Bass , Herbert . Here you are , dear . I hope he 'll be a bit more communicative this time . ( KNOCKING ) Your supper , sir . Is there a key to that door ? A key , sir ? I haven 't ever seen one . I don 't think there was one when we came here . I want to be left alone and undisturbed . I 'll see that no one disturbs you , sir . ( DOOR CLOSING ) Here 's the mustard , ma 'am . You 'll be the death of me with your slowness . Here , you let me take the gentleman 's supper in and forget the mustard ! And him wanting to be left alone ! ( MUTTERING ) There she goes again ... I told you not to disturb me . It 's only the mustard , sir . I forgot it . I 'm sorry . Thank you . Have you been motoring on them slippery roads , sir ? You can take my overcoat and dry it . Very good , sir . Leave the hat . Yes , sir . Bandages right up to the top of his head , all round his ears . Any blood ? No , no blood . Looks like some kind of horrible accident . Bumped his head on the prison wall getting over . Father . I wish you 'd leave me alone , Flora , when I 'm working . I can 't bear it . We 've got to do something . Do something ? What about ? About Jack . Oh , he 'll come back . Don 't you worry . Father , please put that horrid thing down and listen . It 's nearly a month now without a word . But the note he left was quite clear . He said we might not hear for a while . It 's a good thing to go away when you 're finishing a difficult experiment . What kind of experiment is it , Father ? Something of his own . I had a terrible feeling last night . I felt he was in desperate trouble . Hello , Kemp . Flora 's worried about Griffin . I don 't wonder . I should 've thought at least he could drop a line . It 's a queer thing . It certainly is , considering he was in your employ . He had my permission to carry out his own experiments in his spare time . And clear off when he liked , for as long as he liked ? What does it matter , if he 's in trouble ? ( FLORA SOBBING ) I 've got the car outside . It 'll give you a rest to come for a run . Do you think there are any papers in his room to help us ? Surely he must have arranged where he was going . There may be letters . He left a heap of burnt papers in his fireplace , that 's all . He was so strange those last few days before he went ... So excited and strung up . And yet he wouldn 't say a word to explain . I 've never seen him like it before . He was always so keen to tell me about his experiments . He meddled in things men should leave alone . What do you mean ? Your father 's a scientist , Flora . He 's discovered more about preserving food than any man living . Jack and I were employed to help him . That 's a plain , straightforward job . It 's not romantic , but it saves hundreds of deaths and thousands of stomach aches . What did you mean about " things men should leave alone " ? He worked in secret . He kept a lot of stuff locked in a cupboard in his laboratory . He never opened that cupboard until he 'd barred the door and drawn the blinds . Straightforward scientists have no need for barred doors and drawn blinds . He cares nothing for you , Flora . He 'll never care about anything but test tubes and chemicals . How can he go away like this without a word ? Flora , dear ... Please , darling , let me tell you how I feel . I can 't work or sleep until I know . Oh , leave me alone ! How can you ? ( SOBBING CONTINUES ) Damn ! You annoy me . There 's a way back , you fool . There must be a way back . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) What is it ? JENNY : Your lunch , sir . Take it away . You don 't want it cold , do you ? Do you suppose that I 'm going to carry trays backwards and forwards all day ? Lunch is at 1 : 00 , and it 's 1 : 00 now ! Get out ! ( TRAY CRASHING ) ( SCREAMING ) He 's not gonna stay under this roof , not another hour . Crashed the tray out of me hand and swore at me . Turned my best sitting room into a chemist 's shop . Spilled it on the carpets . And him a week behind with his money . Go and tell him if he ain 't packed up and gone in half an hour , we 'll have the law in to turn him out . And take him his bill ! Three pounds ten . And see you get it before you come out . Go on ! Let 's leave him a bit , Jenny , till he cools off . Go on . Do it now . Him and his goggles and his chemist 's shop . If you don 't kick him out , I 'm clearing out meself , and that 's the truth . And I mean it this time . ( SIGHS ) And a whole day 's work ruined , by a foolish , ignorant woman ! There must be a way back . God knows there 's a way back . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) If only they 'd leave me alone . Look here , mister . We can 't have this no more . You 've broken the wife 's best china . You 're a week behind with the rent . You 've got to pack up and go . I 'm expecting some money , Mr. Hall . I 'll pay you directly it comes . You said that last week , and it hasn 't come yet . I came here for quiet and secrecy . I 'm carrying out a difficult experiment . I must be left alone . It 's vital . It 's life and death that I should be left alone . You don 't understand . I understand all right . You don 't pay . And what 's more , you 're driving folks away from our house . Mr. Hall , I 've had a serious accident . It 's disfigured me , affected my eyes . I don 't mean that . I mean the way you carry on , throwing things about on the carpets and swearing . It 's no good , mister . You 've got to go . I implore you to let me stay . I beg of you . The wife says if you don 't go , she is . So it 's got to be you . Come on . I 'll help you to get this stuff packed up . Leave that alone and get out of here ! Look here ! Is this my house or yours ? ( GRUNTING ) ( YELLING ) What are you doing ? Help ! ( GRUNTING ) ( GROANING ) Help ! Help ! Police ! ( SOBBING ) ( ALL CHATTERING ) He 's a raving lunatic ! ( SOBBING CONTINUES ) Go and get a policeman . Please don 't cry , now . He 'll be all right . He 's not harmed . He 's all right . Please don 't cry . ( SCREAMING ) ( CHATTERING ) Shut up ! Please don 't cry . Come on , Jaffers . What 's all this ? It 's the stranger with the goggles . He 's gone mad . He assaulted Mrs. Hall and nearly killed her husband . ( ALL CHATTERING ) Where is he ? He 's upstairs in the sitting room . He 's in there in the sitting room . He 's homicidal . ( SCREAMS ) Let that down . ( CRYING LOUDLY ) Keep back , you kids there . Go on out . What 's all this ? Keep back there . Keep back ? Me ? Do you know who you 're talking to ? I give you a last chance to leave me alone . Give me a last chance ? You 've committed assault , that 's what you 've done . You can come along to the station with me . Come along , now . Come quietly . Unless you want me to put the handcuffs on . Stop where you are . You don 't know what you 're doing . I know what I 'm doing all right . Come on . MAN 1 : Get hold of him . MAN 2 : Lock him up . All right , you fools . You 've brought it on yourselves . Everything would 've come right if you 'd only left me alone . You 've driven me near madness with your peering through the keyholes ... And peeping through the curtains . And now you 'll suffer for it ! You 're crazy to know who I am , aren 't you ? All right , I 'll show you ! There 's a souvenir for you . And one for you ! I 'll show you who I am and what I am ! ( LAUGHING MANIACALLY ) Look . He 's all eaten away . How do you like that , eh ? ( ALL CLAMORING ) ( JACK LAUGHING ) ( LAUGHING CONTINUES ) It was horrible . What 's wrong ? Well , Jaffers , what do you think ? He 's invisible . That 's what 's the matter with him . If he gets the rest of them clothes off , we 'll never catch him in a thousand years . Come on . They 've asked for it , the country bumpkins . This will give them a bit of a shock . Something to write home about . A nice bedtime story for the kids , too , if they want it . ( LAUGHING ) Put the handcuffs on . How can I handcuff a bloomin ' shirt ? Quick , get hold of him ! ( LAUGHING ) ( LAUGHING CONTINUES ) JACK : Are you satisfied now , you fools ? It 's easy , really , if you 're clever . A few chemicals mixed together , that 's all . And flesh and blood and bone just fade away . A little of this injected under the skin of the arm every day for a month . An invisible man can rule the world ! Nobody will see him come . Nobody will see him go . He can hear every secret . He can rob and rape and kill ! ( LAUGHING ) Not if he can 't get no further than this room , he won 't . Here , shut that door . Now , then , you 'd better come along quietly . ( JACK LAUGHING ) MAN : Look out ! Mind that window ! ( JACK LAUGHS ) JACK : You think I 'd escape like a common criminal ? You need a lesson . I think I 'll throttle you . ( CHOKING ) Let go of me ! Let go ! ( GRUNTS ) JACK : You must be made to understand what I can do . ( MEN GRUNTING ) MAN : Hey , look out ! ( RAPID FOOTSTEPS ) ( SCREAMING ) Hey , whoa ! ( MUGS SHATTERING ) Hey ! Hey ! Let him go ! Look out ! ( ALL CHATTERING ) JACK : I 'm afraid I need this bicycle . ( CHUCKLES ) MAN : He stole my bike ! Stop him ! Stop him ! JACK : Here 's your blooming bicycle . You can do what you like with it . How 's that for a hair brush , George Henry ? ( SCREAMS ) Good morning , grandfather . How do you do ? ( CHUCKLING ) We do our part . ( CRYING ) ( WHIMPERING ) Mama , never mind the plated goods . Give me the diamonds . On the gospel , it 's the truth . He tried to strangle me , sir . Where are you speaking from , Jaffers ? Lion 's Head Inn , eh ? Did you say an invisible man ? Well , look here . You put more water in it next time . He won 't believe me . You tell him . Mr. Hall speaking . The constable 's telling the truth , all right . MAN : Invisible man special ! Horrible murder in Iping ! Invisible man ... Not the slightest clue . I didn 't expect there would be . That 's where the clues are . He wasn 't leaving anything to chance . Griffin was never the man for secrets . He came to me with everything . He kept a lot of stuff locked in here . I came in one evening when he wasn 't expecting me . He was standing here by this cupboard . It was full of instruments . When he saw me , he slammed the door and turned the key . Hmm . You say he brought a packing case up here ? The night before he disappeared , I heard him hammering , packing everything up . Here 's something , Kemp . What is it ? Bad news ? It 's only a rough note , a list of chemicals . And the last on the list is monocaine . Monocaine ? What is monocaine ? Monocaine 's a terrible drug . I never heard of it . You wouldn 't , Kemp . It 's never used now . I didn 't know it was even made . It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India . It draws color from everything it touches . Years ago they tried it for bleaching cloth . They gave it up because it destroyed the material . That doesn 't sound terrible . Yes , I know . But it does something else , Kemp . It was tried out on some poor animal ... A dog , I believe . It was injected under the skin , and it turned the dog dead white like a marble statue . Is that so ? Yes , and it also sent it raving mad . You surely don 't think ... I only pray to God that Griffin hasn 't been meddling with this ghastly stuff . He 'd never touch a thing with madness in it . He might not know . I found that experiment in an old German book , just by chance . The English books only described the bleaching power . They were printed before the German experiment . What are we going to do , Doctor ? I think we must tell the police that Griffin 's disappeared . But only that he 's disappeared . I put you on your honor , Kemp , not to breathe a word of this to anyone . Shall I go down to the police station with you ? It 's all right , Kemp . I 'll go tonight when Inspector Lane 's on duty . I 'll run along back home , then . Good night . Good night , Kemp . ( PIANO PLAYING ON RADIO ) MAN : ( OVER RADIO ) This is the national station broadcasting this evening 's news . Remarkable story from country village . Police and doctors are investigating an astonishing story told this afternoon by the people of the village of Iping . It appears that a mysterious disease has broken out infecting a large number of the inhabitants . It takes the form of a delusion that an invisible man is living among them . Several people have been seriously injured , probably through fighting among themselves in the belief the their opponent is an invisible man . The whole village is in a state of panic , and everyone ... JACK : And everyone deserves the fate that 's coming to them . Panic , death , things worse than death . Don 't be afraid , Kemp . It 's me , Griffin . Jack Griffin . How are you , my friend ? ( SHIVERING ) I 'm frozen with cold . Dead tired . Thank God for a fire . ( GASPS ) Sit down , you fool . Let 's have a decent fire . Did you hear me ? Sit down . Unless you want me to knock your brains out . Sit down ! I want you to listen carefully , Kemp . I 've been through hell today . I want food and sleep . But before we sleep , there 's work to do . May I have a cigarette ? You always were a dirty little card , Kemp . You 're frightened out of your wits , aren 't you ? Oh , it 's no good talking like this . Have you got a good long surgical bandage ? Good . And a pair of dark glasses ? Right . Go and get them at once . Let me have a dressing gown , and pajamas , and a pair of gloves . You 'll feel better if you can see me , won 't you ? Come on . We 've no time to waste . ( DOOR SLAMMING ) You 'll find some pajamas in that room . Here are the gloves and bandages . I 'll bring you the glasses . Thank you . Don 't be long . JACK : Put them on the table . Now go down and draw the blinds in your sitting room . Are we alone in the house ? Yes . Good . All right , go now . If you raise a finger against me , you 're a dead man . I 'm strong , and I 'll strangle you . Understand ? Wait for me downstairs . JACK : The sitting room , I said , Kemp . And if you try and escape by the window , I shall follow you . And no one in the world can save you . Here comes the inspector now . Get up . Nice fool you 've made of me . I 've got reports for ten miles around . Not a sign of anything . I 'll tell you what I think of your invisible man . It 's a hoax . Good business for the saloon bar , Mr. Hall ? Suppose I 'd break my neck to sell a gallon of beer ? I 'll have an inquiry right now . Bring in everybody who thinks they saw or heard anything . I 'll get at the bottom of this before the night 's out . CONSTABLE : Here . Get those tables together . Now , Kemp . Now , then , we can talk as man to man . Sit down . One day I 'll tell you everything . There 's no time now . I began five years ago in secret , working all night , every night , right into the dawn . A thousand experiments , a thousand failures . And then , at last , the great , wonderful day . But , Griffin , it 's ghastly . The great , wonderful day . The last little mixture of drugs . I couldn 't stay here any longer , Kemp . I couldn 't let you see me slowly fading away . So I packed up and went to a little village for secrecy and quiet , to finish the experiment and complete the antidote , the way back to visible man again . I meant to come back just as I was when you saw me last . The fools wouldn 't let me work in peace . I had to teach them a lesson . But why ... Why do it , Griffin ? Just a scientific experiment at first . That 's all . To do something no other man in the world had done . But there 's more to it than that , Kemp . I know now . It came to me suddenly . The drugs I took seemed to light up my brain . Suddenly I realized the power I held . The power to rule , to make the world grovel at my feet . ( LAUGHS ) We 'll soon put the world right now , Kemp . You and I. I ? You mean ... I must have a partner , Kemp . A visible partner to help me in the little things . You 're my partner , Kemp . We 'll begin with a reign of terror , a few murders here and there . Murders of great men , murders of little men , just to show we make no distinction . We might even wreck a train or two . Just these fingers around a signalman 's throat . That 's all . Griffin , for heaven 's sake ! You want me to take these off ? No , no . Very well , then . We 'll make our plans tomorrow . Tonight we have a small job to do . Go and get your car out , Kemp . Why ? Where are we going ? Back to the village I left this morning . I came away without my notebooks . They contain all the results of my experiments . I must have them here . But it 's past 8 : 00 . It 's only 15 miles . Go now , quickly . And take a bag with you for the books . Put a warm rug in the car . It 's cold outside when you have to go about naked . JACK : All ready ? Yes . JACK : Come on ! Get in ! Where is that rug ? In the back . I 'm frozen . Cold enough to freeze the icicles off an Eskimo . We 'll stop in a lane 100 yards from the inn . I 'll go in and give you the books through the window . They 'll have a guard . What can a guard do , you fool ? I must have those books , Kemp . I 'll work in your laboratory till I find the antidote . And sometimes I 'll make you invisible , give me a rest . I was walkin ' home to my lunch , sir , when all of a sudden , something takes hold of me hat and throws it in the pond . How many drinks did you have on your way home ? Only a couple , sir . That 's all . A couple of drinks and a gust of wind . So much for you . Now , then , about the bicycle . Where 's the owner of the bicycle ? Here , sir . It was pulled clean out of me hands , sir . Then it went peddling off down the street , all by itself . JACK : Stop here . Come on , get out . Take your bag and walk straight down the street . I 'll guide you . Wait outside the pub window till the books come out . Put them in your bag and come back to the car . Then wait for me . Don 't stare at me , you fool . Look in front of you . Come on , get a move on ! Here we are , Kemp . In here . ( CHUCKLES ) Here . Stroll up and down as though you were waiting for someone . Watch for that window to open . Griffin ? Griffin ? Are you there ? Who 's that , opened that door ? It 's them boys again , sir . ( CLICKING TONGUE ) Here , you leave this door alone . It 's private , see ? We never touched it ! Yes , you did . Go on ! Go on ! Off you go ! Crazies ! Crazies ! ( STAIRS CREAKING ) JACK : Here you are , Kemp . Lies from beginning to end ! I have a good mind to prosecute the whole lot of you for conspiracy . I shall announce this evening that the whole thing is a hoax and you 'll be the laughingstock of the entire country . He 's here ! The Invisible Man ! ( SCREAMING ) ( SCREAMING CONTINUES ) ( ALL CLAMORING ) ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) Don 't leave me ! Wait for me ! Don 't leave me ! Wait for me ! ( CHOKING ) JACK : A hoax , is it ? All a hoax ? ( GRUNTS ) All a hoax ? There . ( DOOR CLOSING ) ( JACK PANTING ) All right , off you go . ( ENGINE STARTS ) Go for your life too ! JACK : Did you hear some shouting and screaming ? What was that screaming ? Had to take some exercise to keep warm . I killed a stupid little policeman . Smashed his head in . We start in earnest tomorrow morning , Kemp . Good evening , Doctor . Good evening . Is Inspector Lane at the station ? I want a word with him . Yes , sir ... Extra special ! Invisible Man slays policeman ! ( ALL CHATTERING EXCITEDLY ) ( CHATTERING CONTINUES ) BOY : Evening paper ! Get your paper ! Nasty business , this . It 's a conjuring trick , that 's what it is . I saw a fellow make a peanut disappear once . There are one or two things you must understand , Kemp . I must always remain in hiding for an hour after meals . The food is visible inside me until it is digested . I can only work on fine , clear days . If I work in the rain , the water can be seen on my head and shoulders . In a fog , you can see me , like a bubble . In smoky cities , the soot settles on me , until you can see a dark outline . You must always be near at hand to wipe off my feet . Even dirt between my fingernails would give me away . It is difficult , at first , to walk down stairs . We are so accustomed to watching our feet . But these are trivial difficulties . We shall find ways of defeating everything . You will sleep in the room opposite and bring me some more food at 8 : 00 . Good night . ( CLOCK CHIMING ) ( DOG BARKING DISTANTLY ) ( YAWNING ) ( SOBBING ) Now you 'll understand my plans . You 're in charge of all country east of here , Thompson , for 20 miles to the north of the main road . Very good , sir . Neville , you take the opposite section to the south . Stollen , you take charge of the search in the hills . And Hogan , you 'll take all the villages out to the river . Right , sir . Now , we shall comb the country for 20 miles round . We 've got a terrible responsibility . He 's mad , and he 's invisible . He may be standing beside us now . But he 's human , and we shall get him . We shall have 1000 men out tonight . Tomorrow we shall have 10,000 volunteers to help them . There 's a broadcast warning going out at 10 : 30 . Now , at all costs , we must avoid a panic spreading . Now get away to your districts at once , and send me a note of your headquarters . And remember , he 'll leave tracks , even if he himself is invisible . ( INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING ) MAN : ( OVER RADIO ) I must interrupt the dance music for a moment . I have an urgent message from police headquarters . Earlier this evening , we broadcast a report of an invisible man . The report has now been confirmed . It appears that an unknown man , by scientific means , has made himself invisible . He has attacked and killed a police inspector and is now at large . The chief of police appeals to the public for help and assistance . Those willing to cooperate in the search are requested to report tomorrow morning to their local station . The Invisible Man works without clothing . He will have to seek shelter . You 're requested to lock every door and window and every outbuilding he may use to hide in . The police will be glad to receive any suggestions that will help in capturing the fugitive . Remember , he 's solid but cannot be seen . A reward of £ 1,000 will be given to any person , whose information leads to his capture . The police appeal to the public to keep calm and to admit uniformed search parties to all property . ( DANCE MUSIC RESUMES ) MAN 1 : Bar the windows . WOMAN 1 : Keep the fiend out . MAN 2 : Lock up the doors . MAN 3 : Take no chances . Lock the windows . MAN 4 : Check the building round back . WOMAN 2 : Lock the door . MAN 5 : I 've got the doors padlocked . MAN 6 : I 'll keep him out . Hello ? Hello . Get me eashire , 1021 . ( PHONE RINGING ) Hello ? Doctor , listen . There 's something ghastly . It 's Griffin . He 's come back . He 's the Invisible Man . He 's asleep in my room . He 's mad , a raving lunatic ! He 's killed a man tonight . Listen to me , Kemp . No one but you and I know that it 's Griffin . I shall come in the morning . You must come now ! I can 't bear it ! If I come now , he 'll be suspicious and escape . You must keep him calm and quiet for tonight . I trust you , Kemp . Who was that , Father ? It was Kemp . It was about Jack . I know it . What is it ? Tell me . Oh , leave me alone , Flora , please . I 'm not afraid . Tell me . Jack Griffin 's come back . He 's at Dr. Kemp 's house now . Jack Griffin 's the Invisible Man . Say , is that the police ? Was that £ 1,000 reward right ? Well , listen , I 've got a way to catch him . The paper says he threw ink at the man he killed . Well , you get your own back and squirt ink about with a hosepipe until you hit him . The ink 'll stick on him , see ? Then you can shoot him . Is that the police ? I want to tell you how to catch the Invisible Man . The paper says it 's gonna be frosty in a day or two . Well , you watch out when it 's frosty , then you can see his breath . Police , quickly . Is this the police ? This is Dr. Kemp . The Invisible Man is in my house , asleep upstairs . Come at once . Hurry ! Listen , Doctor , I 've only got five men here . I 'll want a hundred to surround the house . Yes , all right , I 'll send them up as soon as possible . You must leave it to me and Kemp . We shall work day and night to undo this terrible experiment . You must let me go to him . Only when he 's well again . No , now . I can do more with Jack than you or Dr. Kemp . But , Flora , he 's not normal . His mind 's unhinged . At present , he 's mad . I can persuade him to help you . You 're powerless unless he does . Get your coat , Father . I 'll be ready in five minutes . But it 's past midnight . Wait till the morning . It 's life or death , Father . You know that . I 'll go alone , then . Flora . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) Who 's that ? Who 's that ? Unlock the door , Kemp . Let me in . What are you doing here , Kemp ? I couldn 't sleep . I had to get up , come down . Why did you lock the door ? I ... I was afraid . Wouldn 't you be afraid if I were invisible like you ? There 's no need to be afraid , Kemp . We 're partners . Bosom friends . We 've a busy day ahead . You must sleep . ( CAR APPROACHING ) I see . You told the police . That was why you went downstairs . No , I ... I didn 't . I swear I didn 't . Look , it 's not the police . It 's Dr. Cranley and Flora . Flora . Why , yes , of course . I had to tell them you were back , Griffin . Flora was nearly mad with anxiety . How could I forget ? ( DOORBELL JINGLING ) KEMP : Shall I let them in ? Yes , of course you must let them in . I shall go and prepare myself in my room . I shall see Flora ... alone . ( DOOR CLOSING ) He knows you 're here . You said he was asleep . He saw you from the window . He wants to see Flora alone . No , Flora , don 't . He 's calm now , quiet . Jack won 't do me any harm . I tell you , he 's insane . It 's for us to cure him , Kemp and I. Keep away , Flora . I must go to him . Listen , Doctor , he was a different man when he saw Flora leave the car . He won 't hurt her . We must play for time . Why for time ? We must prepare things . If we try and bind him now , he 'll throw us off and escape . We must take him when he 's asleep and chloroform him . Wait here . Flora , my darling . Thank God you 're home , Jack . I would have come to you at once , Flora , but for this . How wonderful it is to see you . How beautiful you look . ( CHUCKLES ) That funny little hat , I always liked . You 've been crying . I want to help you . Why did you do this ? For you , Flora . For me ? Yes , for you , my darling . I wanted to do something tremendous , to achieve what men of science have dreamt of since the world began , to gain wealth and fame and honor . To write my name above the greatest scientists of all time . I was so pitifully poor . I had nothing to offer you , Flora . I was just a poor , struggling chemist . I shall come back to you , Flora , very soon now . The secret of invisibility lies there in my books . I shall work in Kemp 's laboratory till I find a way back . There is a way back , Flora . And then I shall come to you . I shall offer my secret to the world , with all its terrible power . The nations of the world will bid for it . Thousands , millions . The nation that wins my secret can sweep the world with invisible armies . Jack , I want you to let my father help you . You know how clever he is . He 'll work with you day and night , until you find that second secret , the one that 'll bring you back to us . Then we 'll have those lovely , peaceful days again , out under the trees , after your work in the evening . Your father ? Clever ? ( CHUCKLES ) You think he can help me ? He 's got the brain of a tapeworm , a maggot beside mine . Don 't you see what it means ? Power ! Power to rule ! To make the world grovel at my feet ! Jack , listen to me ! Listen ! My father found a note in your room . He knows something about monocaine even you don 't know . It alters you , changes you , makes you feel differently . Father believes the power of it will go , if you know what you 're fighting . Oh , come and stay with us . Let 's fight this thing out together . Power , I said ! Power to walk into the gold vaults of the nations , into the secrets of kings , into the Holy of Holies , power to make multitudes run , squealing in terror at the touch of my little invisible finger . Even the moon 's frightened of me , frightened to death . The whole world 's frightened to death . ( DOGS BARKING ) So , I see . Kemp couldn 't sleep . He had to go downstairs . He was frightened . I put my trust in Kemp . I told him my secret , and he gave me his word of honor . You must go now , Flora . I want to help you . There is nothing for you to do , my dear , except to go . I shall come back . I swear I shall come back , because I shall defeat them . Go now , my dear . No . I want to stay . You must hide . Don 't worry . The whole world 's my hiding place . I can stand out there amongst them in the day or night and laugh at them . Come along , my darling . Oh , Father . Pass on word , link hands all around the house . Link hands . Link hands . Link hands . Link hands . Stay close together , or he 'll slip under your arm . Now , boys , forward . JACK : Thank you , Kemp , for opening the window . You 're a true friend , Kemp , a man to trust . I 've no time now , but believe me , as surely as the moon will set and the sun will rise , I shall kill you tomorrow night . I shall kill you , even if you hide in the deepest cave of the earth . At 10 : 00 tomorrow night , I shall kill you . Help ! Help ! He 's here ! He 's here ! Here he comes ! Link hands where you are ! Keep your arms down . What is it ? Something smacked my face . ( JACK LAUGHING ) JACK : Naughty boy . ( LAUGHING CONTINUES ) Let go ! What 's the matter with you ? He pinched my nose . Now , steady , boys . We 've got him all right this time . JACK : Good shot . ( JACK LAUGHS ) Get that hat ! Now , then , boys , advance slowly . It 's all right , he 's unarmed , and we 've got him easy . Help ! Help ! He 's got me by the feet ! Here he is ! Help ! ( SCREAMING ) ( POLICE CHATTERING ) It 's the Invisible Man ! He 's got him by the feet . Help him , boys , quick ! ( ALL CLAMORING ) Grab him ! Grab him ! ( CLAMORING CONTINUES ) Help me ! What do you know about that ? ( WOMAN SCREAMING ) ( SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ) ( JACK SINGING ) Here we go gathering nuts in May Nuts in May , nuts in May Here we go gathering nuts in May On a cold and frosty morning ( WHOOPS ) He threatened to kill me at 10 : 00 tonight . You must lock me up . Put me in prison . You 're not the only one in danger , Dr. Kemp . I 'll see that you have protection . Now , Dr. Cranley , you 're concealing something from me . Well ... One moment ! I want you to explain why you and your daughter were in this house at 2 : 00 this morning ? Dr. Kemp called me up , he told me the man was here , he wanted my help . Why did he ring you before the police ? Why did your daughter come too ? She came to drive the car . You know who the Invisible Man is , Doctor . I understand you have another assistant besides Dr. Kemp . A Dr. Griffin . Where is Dr. Griffin ? He 's gone away . It is Griffin ! What 's the good of concealing it ? It 's Griffin , and he 's threatened to murder me ! He may be here now , beside us , or in the garden looking through the window , or in a corner of my bedroom waiting for me , waiting to kill me ! And you all sit there , doing nothing ! Nothing ! We 've doubled the search party ten miles around Kemp 's house . There 's nothing to report , sir . The policeman 's trousers were found in a ditch a mile away . That 's all . Well , it 's beaten me . I 'll give £ 1,000 for a practical idea . He 's roaming the country at will . A madman ! JACK : Here I am . Aren 't you pleased you 've found me ? ( GASPING ) ( SCREAMING ) JACK : Would you like to keep him company ? ( SCREAMING ) Stand away ! Keep back ! ( TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING ) ( PASSENGERS SCREAMING ) Thank you . MAN : Give me £ 5 worth of silver , please . BANKER : Yes , sir . Thank you . Good day . WOMAN : Good morning , Mr. Simpson . Good morning . Morning . Morning , sir . Pleasant day , sir ? Rather nice . JACK : There you are . A present from the Invisible Man ! Money ! Money ! Money ! Money ! ( JACK LAUGHING ) ( JACK SINGING ) Up and down the City Road In and out the eagle That 's the way the money goes Pop goes the weasel Money , money , money , money , money , money , money ! Twenty men of the search parties have been killed and a hundred in the train disaster . The Invisible Man has been reported in a hundred different places . Now , I appeal to you to help us keep the public calm . Can you tell us what plans you 've got for capturing him ? A hundred thousand men are searching and watching . Yes , I know . But have you any secret means of getting him ? The police have offered £ 2,000 for the first effective means . Why not bloodhounds ? The bloodhounds have lost the scent . Why not put wet tar on all the roads , then chase the black soles of his feet ? Because he 's not a fool . Now , we 've got one hope , gentlemen , but I daren 't say a word of it here . He may be standing there beside you , listening . Try and sleep now , my dear . There 's nothing you can do . We must just pray that the police can take him without harming him . ( DOOR CLOSING ) ( SOBBING ) Stand back , close against the wall . Now , then , drag that net clear across the room . Now , everything depends on the way we carry out my plan . I 'll tell you after we 've made certain he 's not in this room . Good . Now we 're safe here at last . Constable , keep an eye on that window . Now come here , all of you , and sit down . ( CHUCKLING ) Now listen carefully . We 've got a chance tonight that will never come again . He 's threatened to murder Dr. Kemp at 10 : 00 . And from what we know of him , he 'll do his utmost to carry that out . He 's certain to be near this house , watching for some time beforehand . Now , at 9 : 30 , Dr. Kemp , with a bodyguard of police , will leave this house and walk down to the police station . It 's a natural thing for Dr. Kemp to seek protection . Now , the Invisible Man is certain to be near . He 's certain to see what 's happening . You mean you 're going to use me as a bait ? Yes . I can 't . You must . You 'll be perfectly safe . Safe ? I tell you , he 's not human . He can go through anything . Prison walls , everything . Don 't be a fool . I tell you , I can 't sit in that station waiting . He 'll kill you , kill you all , then take the keys and come to me . Very well . If you 're afraid of waiting in the police station , you can leave it directly you 're inside . There 's a secret way out through the inspector 's private house . We 'll disguise you as a policeman , and you can walk out with other uniformed men and drive away . Even if he sees you , he won 't recognize you . He 'll most probably be waiting in front to break in at 10 : 00 . What happens to me then ? I 'll have you driven back quietly to this house by the back lanes . Then get into your car and drive away into the country . Miles away . And stay there until you heard we 've got him . Now you needn 't be afraid . We 'll get him all right this time . I 'll lay traps that even an invisible man can 't pass . You see , it covers a fairly wide range . I 've got 20 of these guns and a good man to each . One splash of this on his skin , and we 've got something to follow at last . Why not paint the top of the wall ? Because he 'd smell it . I 've got a better plan . I 'm going to put a thin layer of loose earth along the top of the wall . The slightest touch will disturb it , and we 've got him trapped . Oh , I see . Pretty good . Forward . Quick , march ! They think they 're very clever . All right , take him straight inside . Twenty minutes to 10 : 00 . Keep your eyes open now , boys . Here , quick , sir . I heard footsteps outside . Soft footsteps , like naked feet . Listen . ( ENGINE RUNNING ) MAN : All ready . Come on . Where are you going to ? In the mountains , 100 miles away . Drive away quickly . Well ... It 's ten minutes to 10 : 00 . He 's bound to do something any minute . Do you suppose he 'll try getting in through the station ? Every door and window is barred , with a double guard on each . He 'll try the wall right enough . There he goes ! There ! To your stations now . Watch the wall . He 's over the wall . I felt breathing down my neck . He 's in here ! 10 : 00 ! 10 : 00 he wanted to murder me ! JACK : I think this 'll do nicely , Kemp . We 'll stop here . It 's 10 : 00 . I came with you to keep my promise . ( BELL TOLLING ) No ! It 's all a mistake , Griffin . I swear , I never told the police . I want to help you . Let me be your partner . I 've had a cold and uncomfortable journey just to keep my promise at 10 : 00 . I went into the police station with you , Kemp . I stood by while you changed into that coat . I rode on the running board of the car that took you home again . ( GASPING ) ( CHOKING ) ( GRUNTING ) I know that I could never tell who you are . Who are you ? There . You sit there . I 've got you where I want you . JACK : I hope your car 's insured , Kemp . I 'm afraid there 's going to be a nasty accident in a minute . A very nasty accident . Listen , I 'll do anything , everything you ask me . You will ? That 's fine . Just sit where you are . I 'll get out and take the hand brake off and give you a little shove to help you on . You 'll run gently down and through the railings . You 'll have a big thrill for 100 yards or so till you hit a boulder . Then you 'll do a somersault and probably break your arms . Then a grand finish-up with a broken neck . Well , good-bye , Kemp . I always said you were a dirty little coward . You 're a dirty , sneaking little rat as well . Good-bye . ( JACK LAUGHING ) ( KEMP SCREAMING ) A thousand replies have come to my appeal for suggesting ways of catching the Invisible Man . Some are clever , some stupid , but all are impossible . He 's got to sleep . They might catch him asleep . He 's got to eat and drink . A cafe was robbed last night in Manton . There 's no proof he did it . There are robberies every night by ordinary burglars . ( JACK SIGHS ) This feels good . ( SNEEZING ) ( JACK SNORING ) ( RUSTLING ) ( SNORING CONTINUES ) Look there ! We wanted help . There it is . It 's now or never . Snow won 't lie long at this time of year . It may be gone in a few hours . Find out if the snow is general over the country . Send out a broadcast message . He can 't stay out in this bitter cold . He 'll seek shelter . Excuse me , sir . There 's breathing in my barn . What do you mean , breathing in your barn ? The Invisible Man , sir , sure as I stand here . The farmer may have imagined it , but we can 't leave anything to chance . Surround the barn . No use trying to take him on the inside . Force him out into the snow . Take a pile of wood and gasoline and set fire to it . ( ALL CHATTERING ) That 's it , sir . He 's in there under a pile of straw , sir . Are there any windows he can watch from ? No , sir . Only the door , sir . ( JACK MOANING ) There 's a reward of £ 1 , 000 waiting for you if we 're successful . That 's the place , and we 're lucky to have the open country . Take your men over to the line of trees and cover the country from the road to the top of the hill . Line the ridge through those trees , double . Now , Chief . There 's no time to lose . We can 't wait till he comes out to search for food . We must fire the barn at once and drive him out into the snow . You men , keep in single file . We don 't want a lot of your footprints around the barn . We want to keep the snow for his feet alone . Get that searchlight on the door of that barn . He 's out ! Look ! Shall I give the signal to advance ? ( GUNSHOTS ) I don 't think your guard will be needed any longer . How is he ? He 's very near the end . Are you Dr. Cranley ? Yes . I had a message to come immediately . Towards dawn this morning , he grew quiet . He called the name of a girl . I understand your daughter , Dr. Cranley . She 's waiting below . ls there any chance ? Bullet passed through both lungs . It 's impossible to treat the wound . Do you think your daughter could bear to go to him ? I 'm afraid the end may be rather terrible . The effect of the drugs will die with him . His body will become visible as life goes . I 'll bring her now . JACK : ls Flora there ? She 's coming now . I knew you would come to me , Flora . I wanted to come back to you . My darling , I failed . I meddled in things that man must leave alone . ( JACK GROANS ) Father , come quickly !
