 The Tunnel Based on the novel by B. Kellermann Documentary footage courtesy of PIEUX FRANKI Co . - Wasn 't that Lloyd ? - Nope . Vanderstift , the famous banker Tell us , Mr. Woolf , what 's the meeting about ? No idea . Ask Mr. Lloyd I 'd like a room on the top floor , facing Broadway Normally it 's quiet up there But today there 's a meeting on the terrace Just my luck Show the gentleman to Room 530 Sir ! You 'll have to come out . The terrace is off-limits today But I 'm a reporter ! Hello - New York Herald ? I 've set up a receiver on the terrace The meeting is about to start - listen ! You 're so elusive , Woolf ! I couldn 't get you on the phone You 'll support the project , won 't you ? Naturally ; your father 's for it and I 'm his right-hand man Mac Allan is such a strong , straightforward man Obviously So you 'll help him ? For your sake Gentlemen , let 's get started Ladies and gentlemen , the meeting is underway First , thank you all for coming The importance of the project we 're seeking to finance will , I 'm sure , make the trouble I 've caused you worthwhile First of all , let me introduce Mr. Mac Allan The project he will outline to you will surpass in scope anything attempted up until now And the expense will too Naturally , Mrs. Brown I won 't attempt to influence your decision But I 'd like to say that if you support Mac Allan 's project I will personally pledge 25 million for my participation in the enterprise Now Mac Allan , the floor is yours Seeing as how Mr. Lloyd has raised your curiosity I 'm afraid of disappointing you The project is very simple Wait , hang on - it 's nothing I 'll fix it Here 's America - - here 's Europe I want to link them with a tunnel Trains will be able to cross the Atlantic in under 20 hours There you have it Now I 'll give you a few technical details The figures are - - 125 , 126 , 127 , 128 , 129 ... 130 I can 't Yes , go on counting ! Nothing works - I can 't keep calm Six years of work , Hobby - six years ! And it could all be wiped out in one hour I 'm scared Imagine what that will do to Allan It 'll crush him Don 't worry so much , Mary It takes more than that to crush a man like him Mac Allan 's wife mustn 't be afraid I 'll be brave , I promise If it all falls through , no one will know I 'm upset , not even him - Listen , Mary : do you want to help him ? - Yes - Really ? - Yes , really ! Then you must believe in him no matter what I do believe ! But I 'm scared You were supposed to wait downstairs Did you want every reporter in New York to overhear us ? Did you carry out my orders ? I 've sold 9 / 10ths of your shipping shares That comes to over 10 million dollars gross Naturally , all the sales were in fake names That only leaves 50,000 in Trans-Oceanic Steamships Not very sharp work on your part , Gordon Get rid of them , at any price And how 's it going ? Leave that to me Stay here - don 't move I prefer we not be seen together ... a length of 100,000 kilometers Work will start on the European and American sides at the same time My task is not one of innovation , but in carrying out a work one hundred - one thousand times greater than any to date And if my forecast is correct , the job will be done in 15 years If What do you mean , " If " ? If the forecast turns out You 're an idiot , Mr. Vanderstift ! Against a great project that will double your investment ! Mind your own business , Mrs. Brown ! It 's certainly no business of mine if you don 't want to make money What about competition from planes ? I 've thought of that , Mr. Field . I 'll match their speed And move thousands daily between America and Europe Gentlemen , there are so many ways of losing money these days I don 't care to explore new ones I 'm not interested in this Mac Allan Ladies and gentlemen , your attention please Could I ask Mr. Mac Allan to leave us alone for a moment ? Excuse us , Mac Allan . I 'll call you when it 's time - You were wonderful , Mac Allan ! - Thank you Mr. Lloyd is investing 25 million in the tunnel I will pledge 10 million Let me share a few facts I 've jotted down Nothing you say will prop up shipping stocks If this succeeds , all the shipping companies will be out of business I hold no shares in shipping companies Really ? Since when , Woolf ? I 'll have shares in the tunnel Mr. Vanderstift , you 're involved in all the big shipping interests You 're not very enthusiastic about the tunnel - I understand Do you think your opposition will stop progress ? This tunnel guarantees 15 years of work for millions It will produce an incredible boost to the construction industry Let 's be honest It 's not a question of supporting the tunnel It 's a question of seizing the opportunity the tunnel offers us Mac Allan has left the terrace This is from a reliable source : Mac Allan has invented a method of extracting carbonic acid from the air using a rotary machine The meeting is behind closed doors . It started a half hour ago In addition , Mr. Maurice Detross and Mr. Woolf are there - Hurry up ! - Get lost ! Hello , Evening Post ? Banner headline : " On the top floor of the Astoria , 15 people are meeting They have a combined worth of 7.5 billion dollars ... " No point pacing around ; I 've got a good feeling about this Darling , you 'll see , it 'll all be fine No , it 's all down the drain . The atmosphere up there- - Usually I 'm not too bad at speaking But I choked in front of that bunch of sharks But you said several were on your side Mrs. Brown was for you Mrs. Brown doesn 't care about Mac Allan , the tunnel or the link with Europe She barely knows Europe exists There 's only one thing she cares about : her money I guess it 's back to Buffalo for us Is that so bad ? We were happy in Buffalo Sit down and eat something . You 'll see more clearly if you 're not starving Yes ... what ? They 're going ahead with the tunnel ? Allan ! It 's happened ! They 're going ahead with the tunnel ! What do you mean ? They 're going ahead with the tunnel ! You 're joking No , they 're going ahead with the tunnel Mac Allan , they want more photos Come on , Mary When I was named President of the Tunnel Syndicate , it became clear to me that this gigantic enterprise is not only of material and economic interest What attracted me is its spiritual and intellectual importance As a tool of social improvement Ladies and gentlemen , will you please make room for the world press Silence , please Would you care to say a few words on this momentous occasion ? Allan , I never doubted you You 'll build the tunnel ... I 'm very happy It 'll be a masterpiece ; I 'm very proud of you I 'm sure you 'll build the tunnel I 've nothing to add to what my wife has said I can 't argue with her The Atlantic Tunnel Syndicate is formed The Tunnel Syndicate presents this weekly update on the tunnel excavation We 'll use both words and pictures to illustrate Mac Allan meeting with his engineers The tunnel 's army of workers is on the march Preparatory work : the first blasting on Long Island Enormous quantities of materiel and thousands of kilometers of rails collect on Long Island Drilling of the tunnel begins The tunnel dives deep into the earth The Long Island shoreline , under which the tunnel runs During the first year , Mac Allan and his men have built a section 180 km long and up to 1200 meters deep The second year the work stretches 300 km long and 2000 meters beneath the sea The third year we reach 430 km Maximum depth : 3000 meters Warning - fire ! Warning - fire ! - Everything ready Harryman ? - All ready , Mr. Allan All the workers out ? Everyone out ! The third one ! Stay back ! It could go off ! What the hell is going on here ? I knew it ! Why didn 't he listen to me ? Harryman ! That was a narrow escape ! Are you OK ? - Are you hurt ? - It 's nothing How do you feel ? It 's nothing . We got the last one - Hello - What do you want ? To talk to the boss You mean Mr. Mac Allan ? I mean I want to talk to the boss Not write to him - I want to talk to him If you want to see Mac Allan you need an appointment You think he can personally meet every one of the thousands who turn up here ? I don 't care about the thousands ; I just want him to talk to me Maybe you think the boss- - There he is ! - Hello Mr. Allan - Hurry up , will you ? Are those for me ? - What do you want ? - To talk to you , sir Come on , then . What 's your name ? Charles Baillère Get my bath ready What do you do ? My last job was as a blasting specialist in a coal mine - Where ? - Nances - Where 's that ? - In France I started there as a horse-handler Yeah ? Me too - What kind of horse did you have ? - A white one Yikes , a white horse down the mine ! You spend all your time cleaning it - Mine was a brown bay , named Polly - Mine was Max Are you coming ? - So you want to work with us ? - I 'd like nothing better Then go straight to B-9 Thank you , Mr. Allan Well it 's about time you got here If it were a few pretty girls I could understand I couldn 't come any faster , I was talking to an old mineworker I 've hired him as a blasting specialist - Another inventor ? - No , a horse-handler Careful , here comes the rinse That feels good ! A week in the tunnel , I think I 've brought 3 / 4 of it back with me We 'll look hilarious all dressed up tonight I 'm happy for Mary ; we spend so little time together It 's not the banquet I care about It 's the party with all the workers after ! Come on , get down and join us ! Have some fun with us ! I can 't , I 've got too much work to do Who cares about those bigshots ? Come on and have some fun ! Just to make them happy , let 's get out for a moment Okay , five minutes Step right up , ladies and gentlemen , the cream of society 's here ! Ah , Mr. Hobby ! - I have to ask you something - What ? Do we have to go to this banquet ? But there are very important people there , all waiting for us I just want a few minutes alone with you I get to see you less and less Can 't you forget the tunnel just for a moment ? - All right , let 's go then - Really ? Sure , we 'll go tonight , wherever you want Oh Allan ! You 're the most wonderful man in the world ! Now remember , you 're the wife of a famous man We need to keep up appearances Go home , pack a bag , we 'll leave at 5 : 00 and by 7 : 00 we 'll be in the country I love you I hope we 're not the last Get me the Head Office I have to talk to Mac Allan at once ! He 's at the banquet at the Head Office Get Mac Allan quick ! Quick ! Don 't be long . I 'll expect you at the house in half an hour I 'll be right along , darling Lizzie ! What is it ? Never mind - help me We 're going away for 3 days ! Isn 't it wonderful ? But such a short a trip- - 3 whole days alone with him - it 's an eternity ! Paradise ! Gentlemen , let 's get started How did it happen ? It was exactly 23 : 05 . I was on the job in B-9 The alarm went off , I phoned and Baillère answered Gallery B-9 struck a subterranean stream which we couldn 't hold back We 're trying to save the gallery We 've built a temporary dam Go on B-9 , where the flooding is , is 500m below sea level The water pressure on the dam is so strong it won 't last long Who was the engineer in charge ? Me What are you doing here ? I got a replacement . I was at B-8 for half an hour Tomorrow we 'll replace you for good . Get out But Mr. Allan- - There 's nothing to discuss ! I 'm going down I 'll send instructions from B-9 I want complete secrecy from you all Tell B-9 I 'm coming Hello ? Get me B-9 , quickly ! I won 't force anyone But we can 't leave our comrades to drown What 'll it be , boys ? I thought I could count on you I have a wife and children Stay behind then . Any volunteers , follow me It 's me , Mary Hobby ! Where 's Allan ? He 's sorry , but he was called down to the gallery - What 's happened ? - Nothing serious You know how they call him up for nothing He didn 't give you a message for me ? No , but I 'm sure he 'll be back tomorrow morning Why do you ask ? Nothing ... We were just ... But it doesn 't matter . Well , goodnight You can unpack , Lizzie We 're not going You 'll buy shares in shipping using all available funds You 're President of the Tunnel Syndicate and you 're buying shipping shares ? Absolutely - sit down I 've been having some problems Complications I need cash right away I 've got a chance to make a killing I don 't understand There was a leak in the tunnel tonight They 're fearing - and I 'm counting on - a massive collapse Collapse ? Brilliant Shipping shares will skyrocket The news isn 't out yet Not yet ? The Tunnel Syndicate is keeping it quiet But tonight the workers will talk about it at their meeting , thanks to me Comrades ! They 're asking us to be heros No deal . We 're workers , and we 've proved it The Tunnel Syndicate just celebrated the 500th kilometer How did they get there ? Who worked in the cold , the heat , the mud , the water ? Keep saying the same thing : the sea 's rising in the gallery Twenty comrades are already dead Next time it 'll be a thousand ! Two thousand ! Don 't listen ! He 's a traitor ! Mac Allan will come and explain ! Comrades , we 're not sewer rats ! We 're men ! It 's easy for them to talk ; they 're not down there When the water is pouring into the gallery it 's you , and you who 'll pay the price ! Don 't listen , comrades ! He 's a false brother , a traitor ! Mac Allan will come here to explain " Mac Allan ! Mac Allan ! " That 's all anyone says Are there still any poor saps here who trust Mac Allan ? Mac Allan is just like the others He 's lying ! You think he cares about you ? He cares about his celebrity , his success He 's lying ! Whether we die for the Syndicate 's profits or for Mac Allan 's glory I don 't give a damn ! We 're dying no matter what ! I know we 're making good money But for the guys who died , was it worth it ? The Syndicate is entitled to our work It 's not entitled to our lives ! You 're all crazy ! Wait for Mac Allan ! Fellow workers ! Fellow workers , you 've met here to discuss your work Not just the tunnel ! Us too ! And you make me come here instead of staying in gallery B-9 ? - Go on back , then ! - Go back and drown ! So , you 're saying we 're not on the same side ? Haven 't I worked side by side with you ? I 'm a worker like you I feel as bad about this disaster as you do I 'm sorry for all who died down there Yes , too bad for the workers , eh ? Two hundred have been killed so far That 's right ! Two hundred ! Do we stop work every time someone dies ? No ! We struggle - work is struggle There 's no work without risk : in the mine , on the sea , in the factory There 's danger everywhere ! Where there 's life there 's danger ! Why should we go back down there ? Tell us it 's not dangerous ! I 'm telling you the truth : I don 't say there 's no danger But we 're equal to the danger ; we can still build the tunnel Tomorrow will be too late Half of the men down there could die It 's not about that . It 's about millions of workers thrown out of work That 's what waits for all of us if we shut down Then promise that we won 't drown Swear and we 'll follow We 'll all follow you ! Did we ask for the danger ? No ! But the risk is there ; are we going to run ? Be strong , Mac Allan ; tell us the truth Promise us , and we 'll believe you I 'm a loyal comrade I promise you nothing , but I tell you with all my heart : I believe . I have confidence And I ask you to follow me It 's man versus the mud . Iron and concrete are nothing without you Listen men , every minute we waste is a crime That water 's rising - I ask just one thing of you : your trust Here 's some coffee Why are you bringing it ? Isn 't Lizzie here ? She 's gone to bed , it 's late - You shouldn 't have bothered - It doesn 't matter And what about you ? Are you tired ? A little Look at all these papers to go through I 'll be up most of the night Goodnight , Allan No kiss tonight ? - What 's wrong ? Are you crying ? - It 's nothing I 'm a little stressed . It happens - What is it ? - Let me go , Allan You 're not leaving until I know what 's wrong Tell me I feel so alone It 's stupid . It 's been going on for weeks Months I shouldn 't tell you - you can 't help it You 're right ; but all this work ... I promise , I 'll take 1 day a week and spend it just with you Of course , Allan . It 's not important- - I 've just been carrying this around Now that I 've told you , it 'll be better Give me a smile now Goodnight Sleep well Thanks to Mac Allan 's intervention , we were able to avert a strike Furthermore , gallery B-9 has been sealed But there have been various attempts at sabotage by persons unknown To prevent attacks , Mac Allan proposes armed guards He 's unable to join us , as he 's been called to Mr. Lloyd 's sickbed I don 't understand ; he made the building of the tunnel possible Unfortunately , we have to face it Woolf is a crook Great - the President of the Tunnel Syndicate gambling with shipping stocks I 've always thought him capable of anything . This time he 's gone too far It was a clever plan If we hadn 't averted the strike , if the disaster had happened today he 'd be on top of the markets What should we do ? We can 't leave things like this , we have to act I 'm old and tired ; I can 't handle this unpleasantness It 's up to you to stop Woolf OK I 'll handle it Whatever happens , you 're always smiling , Woolf Always the flower in the buttonhole Mr. Woolf Ah , Mac Allan , you made it I got them to agree to armed guards The strike has left them worried It 's not that - it 's about you What do you mean ? You cost the Syndicate 3 million dollars What do you base this accusation on ? Don 't deny it You 've doctored the books ; now everyone knows it Unfortunately for us it 's all too clear I speculated on the Syndicate 's behalf ; I admit it But that 's no reason to take that tone with me The Syndicate can survive the losses it took in its name But you personally speculated on your own account You 've diverted 3 million dollars Here 's the proof ; we 've been watching you Don 't try to intimidate me . Without me , there would be no tunnel I know You have 3 days If you haven 't made good by then I 'll have you arrested Thursday , 6 : 00 sharp Not one minute later Understand ? You have a back exit , right ? What 's wrong , Woolf ? Watch out So they caught you ? It was bound to happen No one knows yet . Find me the money to cover it up I have 3 days With the police on your heels ? Are you nuts ? So you 're just going to hang me out to dry ? I can 't save you If the Syndicate has checked its books , they know what 's happened You 're cooked So the answer 's no ? No I 've got another trick up my sleeve Where are you going ? Go out this way It 's late , Mr. Woolf . What 's up ? Let me in Brooce , I 'm here to offer you a great opportunity Another stunt like the strike ? But it needs a guy with nerve That 's why I 've come to you If it 's about the tunnel , forget it Scared ? Maybe I am And to stiffen your nerve - how much ? You may not have enough Not enough ? What do you mean ? Listen - I have ways of forcing you You know it , and I don 't mean money Are you kidding ? The answer 's no Do you expect me to get down on my knees and beg ? You think I 'm here in the middle of the night because I 'm at the end of my rope ? Not at all If you had the tiniest bit of courage we could blow them all sky-high Lloyd , Vanderstift , the whole crew I 'm playing the biggest hand of my life , and you too Brooce Listen : in three days- - Can 't see a thing ; I know it was that way , not far It 's on the other side , where the gallery starts Yes , right behind ; there 's no parallel gallery here It 's really close Who 's there ? Come back ! That could be it Does Mac Allan know ? Yes ... Fine Where ? Johnson ? Alright What is it ? Superintendent Bléry wants you right away at C-24 The gallery again ? They can 't leave me alone for a minute ! I can 't get even five minute 's shut-eye You 'll see Baillère , tomorrow morning when everyone leaves I promise we 'll get them in the end Over here ! Over here ! Quick ! They 're tearing up the rails ! This is station 463 . This is Mac Allan Block every exit between kilometers 2 and 25 ! Send Security ! Cheer up , Mary . I promised Allan I 'd entertain you That 's why he sent us here - Hear that music ? - Yes , a waltz A Viennese waltz . Vienna - Europe ! You 'll soon be able to go there using Allan 's tunnel He 'll be with you instead and you 'll be happy . Much happier than tonight Sometimes I wonder why I didn 't marry you You 're always here . You have time to stay with me A quarter hour with Allan is worth 6 years with me - You 're right - To Allan We 'll get them all , they can 't get out of the tunnel We 'll stop at every cross-gallery and make a search Since we 're no more than 50 km from B-9 , it 'll be over by morning I 'm afraid it may not be so simple We 'll do everything we can Look over there ! Someone 's there ! What 's he up to ? Stop ! He 's running away - stop ! Quick ! After him ! Stop ! Stop him ! What are you doing down here ? Leave him ! My name 's Mac Allan , and I don 't waste words I 'll count to 3 You tell me what you 're doing and who for or I 'll put a bullet in you One Two Stop - I 'll tell you I 've planted a bomb in gallery B-9 It 's set to go off at 9 : 00 Precisely You want to know who I 'm working for ? - For- - - Who ? Mr. Woolf Mr. Lloyd asks you to wait a few minutes - Good evening - Come in , Woolf ! What 's new ? - Have you seen papa ? - Not yet . He 's expecting me - We 're not on the best of terms - Nothing serious , I hope That depends - What is it ? - Nothing I 've leaving the Tunnel Syndicate I admit I 'm not sorry I need a wider field . A new future As I regain my freedom I feel- - I 'm telling you this because I admire and respect you A feeling of exhilaration I 've felt only once before : When I went into business with your father Today I 'm leaving . But I hope our friendship will last even if , by chance , I should become his rival I 'm afraid for you , Woolf You 're taking a wrong turn I 've never had more confidence in my lucky star Excuse me ; two gentlemen wish to see you Already ? I 'm coming What 's wrong , Woolf ? Nothing They 're waiting for me Strange that we haven 't seen any other trains The men must be out by now We 've taken all precautions We 've called all the stations They 've been warned of a possible explosion - How much longer ? - Eight minutes But if they 've sabotaged the alarm- - Faster Look up there ! They 've cut all communication further on ! Anyone there ? Somebody answer ! So , have you got hold of anyone ? No , Mr. Bléry , only the next station - There 's no connection further on - Well get it back - Bernard ! - Yes ? Wait a minute Go around behind the slag-heap And change the drill bits Mac Allan ! Don 't go any further ! It 's suicide ! You can 't do anything to stop it now ! Be careful , Mac Allan ; it 's 9 : 00 Let me go ! Are you asleep , Mary ? Almost Give me a light - What time is it ? - Just past 9 : 00 - Are you tired ? - Yes We 'll be there soon What a good pal you are ; you like me Don 't try to stay awake ; sleep I think I had a little too much to drink - My head- - - I think so too Allan - what 's he doing right now ? - Where are you going ? - To the tunnel What 's happened ? Huge accident - the tunnel 's on fire ! Allan ! I have to find Allan ! Mary , where are you going ? Mary , you 're crazy ! You can 't do anything ! Get going ! We 're staying here until we get all the men from gallery 106 They 're all dead ! Quit fooling around , Baillère ! We 'll wait until the last comrade is saved ! Just hang on until they 're here , then we 'll go Knock the bastard down ! Be reasonable ! We can 't betray them ! But it 's not your fault Don 't try to persuade me ; I 'm going You don 't know what you 're doing - think ! Nothing you say can change my mind - I 'm giving it up You can 't decide now ; wait a few weeks You 'll see more clearly More clearly ? After everything that 's happened ? It won 't change a thing You go on with the tunnel if you want to , but me- - I can 't You 're crazy ; after everything you 've gone through- - No , I can 't , do you understand ? I 'm through ! What have I done ? Every time I think of starting up again- - I cause disaster wherever I go And you want me to go on ? Why ? For whom ? I don 't care about any of it Calm down , man And Mary- - Poor kid , what sort of life did you have ? You wanted a little happiness , and now- - I can 't , I can 't . Why didn 't I die like the others ? What are you saying ? Do you think they went through all this struggle just for you ? No , it 's because you 're a man with a great idea You have no right to give up after so much sacrifice Allan , your life is not your own You 're a man , you 've proved it . So do something Pull yourself together Come on , work . It 's the best thing for you now Leave me alone for a bit The tunnel excavation continues under the supervision of Mac Allan The two sections grow closer , and are only 50 km apart The workers now work at a depth of 3,500 meters under the sea Everyone back ! We 're 3,500 meters below the surface of the Atlantic The giant drills have reached the furthest point of the American section I 'm here on site The European section is a few meters away , separated by a rock wall The shot-firers place the final charges Clear the gallery ! Mr. Hobby ! Would you care to say a few words ? For 15 years we 've blasted and drilled If we don 't match up the two parts as I hope we will , it 'll be disappointing In a few moments the press will tell you if we 've succeeded or failed I- - well ... Goodbye ! You 've just heard what Mr. Hobby said . Goodbye ! European gallery clear ? Clear ! Clear the gallery ! Warning : Fire ! Hello , America ! This is Europe ! Where 's Mac Allan ? Here Let me shake your hand Thanks and congratulations from all the workers of the European section I 'm the one who thanks you My work is finished My happiness would be more complete if it hadn 't cost so much So much suffering ... So much sacrifice ... Thanks to all who helped me , followed me , and had faith in me
