 The day shift . The workers ' city , far below the surface of the earth . And high above , a pleasure garden for the sons of the masters of Metropolis . " Freder ! " " Look , these are your brothers . " " Who was that ? " " Just the daughter of a worker . " The great machines , far underground , yet high above the workers ' city . " Moloch ! " " Such acidents are unavoidable . " " Why was my son allowed to go into the machine-rooms ? " " Why did you go down there ? " " I wanted to see what my brothers looked like . " " It was their hands that built this city of ours , father . " " In their proper place-- - the depts . " " What will you do if they turn against you some day ? " " The foreman from the central dynamo room is here with an urgent message . " " More of those plans , sir . " " They were found on two of the men who were killed today . " " Joseph , why was it not you who brought me these plans ? " " You are dismissed . Go to the G-Bank for the balance of your wages . " " Father , don 't you realize what it means to be dismissed by you ? " " Joseph , I need your help . " " I have far to go today - - alone , into the depths - - to my borthers . " " The machine ! Someone must stay with the machine . " " I will stay at the machine . " In the middle of the city was an old house . Here lived , Rotwang , the inventor . " At last , my work is ready . " " I have created a machine in the image of man , that never tires or makes a mistake . " " Now we have no further use for living workers . " " Isn 't it worth the loss of a hand to have created the workers of the future - - - - the machine men ? " " Give me another 24 hours , and I 'll bring you a machine which no one will be able to tell from a hum " As always , when my experts fail I come to you for advice . " " For months now , we have been finding these plans in the workers ' clothing . What do they mean ? " " At two - - at the end of this shift . She has called another meeting . " " These are the plans of the ancient catacombs - - far below the lowest levels of the workers ' city . " " What is down there that interests the workers ? " " Today I will tell you the story of the Tower of Babel . " " Let us build a tower whose summit will touch the skies- - " " - - and on it we will inscribe : ' Great is the world and its Creator . And great is Man . ' " " Those who had conceived the idea of this tower could not build it themselves , so they hired thousan " Between the brain that plans and the hands that build there must be a mediator . " " It is the heart that must bring about an understanding between them . " " But where is our mediator , Maria ? " " Be patient , he will surely come . " " We will wait , but not for long . " " Rotwang , make your Robot in the likeness of that girl . " " Hide the girl in your house , I will send the Robot down to the workers , to sow discord among them a " Leave me here , John Fredersen . " " Until tomorrow-- - in the cathedral . " The Seven Deadly Sins . Maria was a prisoner in Rotwang 's house . " Come , I am going to make the Robot look like you . " " Maria ! " " Where is Maria ? " " She is with your father . " " The copy is perfect . Now go down to the workers and undo Maria 's teaching ; stir them up to criminal " Maria ! " " Now we shall see whether people believe the Robot is a creature of flesh and blood . " " John Fredersen is looking for an excuse to use violence against the workers . " " Maria , you always pleaded for peace - - but now the Robot in your likeness has been commanded to inc The workers accept the Robot as Maria . " I have preached patience - - " " But your mediator has not come - - and will never come . " " Maria is inciting the workers to revolt . " " She has told them to destroy everything . " " I cannot believe it . " " You have waited patiently too long . The time has come to act ! " " Why should you sweat yourself to death to benefit the Lord of Metropolis ? " " Who keeps the machines going ? " " Who are the slaves of the machines ? " " Let the machines stop ! " " Destroy the machines ! " " You are not Maria ! " " Maria pleads for peace , not for violence . This is not Maria ! " " John Fredersen 's son ! " " Kill him ! " Not one man or woman remained behind . " To the central power house ! " " The workers are destroying the machines . " " What shall I do ? " " If they destroy the power house , the workers ' city will be flooded . " " Open the doors . " " Have you gone mad ? You are flooding your own homes . " At last Maria managed to escape . " Yes , you are the real Maria . " " To the airshaft - - quickly ! The reservoirs have burst . " " Where is my son ? " " Tomorrow thousands will ask in anguish - - where is my son ? " " Save the children - - I will tell the workers that they are safe . " " Where are your children ? " " The entire workers ' city is under water . " " Who told you to destroy the machines , you fools - - and thus to destroy yourselves ? " " The witch ! She 's to blame for all this . Find her ! Kill her . " " Let 's watch the world going to the devil ! " " Maria ! " " If the mob sees you they will kill me for having tricked them . " " The witch , the witch ! " " Where are our children ? " " John Fredersen 's son has saved your children . " " Save my son ! " " Thank heaven ! " " There can be no understanding between the hands and the brain unless the heart acts as mediator . " THE END
