 ( All ages have their hope of tomorrow ) Now , our country will extend to the heaven It 's my honor to deliver the historical ... wisdom and the achievement of science This glory surprised me greatly Our strength will shine the whole world ... and the entire space And exist in the world forever ! Our ' Ziggurat' [ Grand City ] The robot runs wild recently It 's too mad ! The economy can 't make any progress without the labor of the robot The problem is how to deal with the conflict between the robot and the workers ... We heard that the enemy was developing a new weapon " So , we need a " more representative and powerful leader ! Congratulations on the top out of Ziggurat " Duke Red , will you get into power next time ? " No kidding As long as our President Boon is in his power our nation will be peaceful I have no qualification to do that President Boon , will you invite Duke Red to join your cabinet ? Don 't provocate our feeling As for the popularity to the people I can 't compare with Duke Red I heard there 's some military device in this Ziggurat Let 's invite Mayor Ryon to deliver his opinion to us You 'd ask that question to minister Shukenke Long live , Ziggurat ! Long live Grand City ! Uncle What does the name Ziggurat mean ? I don 't know " Hey , look there " What 's that ? [ Marduk ] ... It 's Marduk ... Damn ! I saw it ! It 's there ! No wonder ... Haven 't you promised to show me it tonight ? Dr.Laughton That ... I 've provided you the capital you need and the best equipment to you What 's the matter ! ? Please give me more time I 'll finish it soon I 've heard what you said hundreds of times ! I 'll go to see it tomorrow evening How come ... It 's not suitable for you to go there It 's out of order ... Go back to work ! It 's me I heard something happened on the plaza " Yes , the robot rebels were making trouble " I don 't want to listen to your explanation I have given you the security task " Yes , father " Stupid ! I 'm not your father ! I only accepted you as an orphan in the battle last time Don 't flatter yourself Yes There 's a traffic accident in 45 Dingmu ! The vehicle patrolling nearby ... Please go to the locale at once " This is the car NO.3 , we 're pursuiting ... " the suspectful robot rebels . All the patrol wagons near to the air-station " please get ready to fight , wait for orders \ " " Headquarter , Headquarter ! This is the car NO . 8 " I 'm a private detective from Japan My name is Shunsaku Ban I want to see Majordomo Nuodaning I have the reference of the Police Majordomo of Tokyo " No wonder , do you mean Dr.Laughton ... " is hiding in Grand City Do you mean so ? Right , my intelligence is provided by the organ smuggler who does business with him International Human Rights Committee etc ... 7 human rights group have released the wanted order for them because they 're suspected to smuggle and trade in organs " So , we hope you can help us " Because we 're not familiar with here And know nothing here ... Of course I 'll assist you But the vacation celebrating the top out of Ziggurat will be over in a week Many criminals will come out to make trouble in this period of time We 're very busy now " Now , the people I can appoint to you ... " No ... nobody If you don 't mind the robot ... robot ... ! ? Right , robot , it 's very excellent " But , it has no rights to arrest mankind " but it has the rights to search I think it can help you Won 't you send it back after we supplement it fuel ... The fuel is supplemented 5 years once We don 't need mankind now My name is Kenichi , nice to meet you My type is 803-D R-P ... D • M • 497-3C Nice to meet you Nice to meet you After Ziggurat is built up our Grand City will become a country ranking first in the world " and we 'll lead the industry , economy and culture " It 's almost the birth of a great power an outstanding progress in the history It 's my honor to deliver the historical ... wisdom and the achievement of science This glory surprised me greatly Our strength will shine the whole world ... and the entire space And exist in the world forever ! Our ' Ziggurat' " OK , where shall we start from ? " Oh ... 803 ... DR-P D • M • 497-3C Do you have a simple name ? We can 't have a name as mankind or we 'll trespass on human rights " Right , you 'll be called 'Pero , Pero from today on " As if it 's a dog 's name Right , it 's the name of a dog of mine before It 's very famous In my eyes , inside this Grand City there 's not any place for the criminal to hide What did you say ? According to the reliable intelligence I got ... He 's in the city If Dr. Laughton hides here he must be in Area 1 Area 1 ? That 's a world understand This is your intuition as a detective " No , it 's the possibility rate calculated by computer " Dangerous ! Except our robots 'original usage our other actions are strictly controlled robots are forbidden to move around here " But , Those people like fascists " Who 're they ? Their name is Marduk 's Militia It 's a political organization at first In Grand City There 's different limit for the come-and-go of different class Only mankind without mark and robot ... can move around the world Do you mean the robot just now has some mark ? " Right , there 's an entrance in every area " But there 's someone who knows where there 's a secret passage after all So the things of just now happens from time to time That regulation is w { Area 1 } There 's really some shadow where there 's light There 's nothing dangerous on this layer But there 're some places we can 't manage " Be careful , you two " We will Because we 're not here for sightseeing " Hi , long time no see , come here " Come back quickly ! Where 's that child gone on earth ! ? I was out a few days ago Where 've you been on earth ? I heard something interesting from outside Duke Red Let me have a look " It 's set up well , hasn 't it finished ? " The final energy disposition device isn 't steady now Have you used the generating system which you 're best at ? " No , I won 't do that illegal thing " Because although it 's convenient and quick it 's can 't last long I only make it with machine this time This is my masterwork of the whole life When 'll you finish it ? Within a week Because if we start it by a narrow shave there 'll be overplus energy and it 'll burn " As a result , it may bomb at last " My Tima I won 't give you to anyone I 'll finish you now And then I 'll take you away from here You 're Rock ... Why 're you here ? It 's my important task to protect father Father ? Duke Red has not a son And hasn 't his daughter die ? Shut up ! I know you attempt You want to cheat father with your crazy science How can father be moved by such useless puppet ? What 're you doing ! ? Duke Red asked me to make this Tima for him Do you know there 's chair on the top of Ziggurat ? The one who 'll sit on it is Tima You 're fooling me ! It 's impossible for father to ... put Ziggurat on the top ! " Then , you may go to ask Duke Red yourself " ' Can you fire ? It 's a superman which is wanted by your father named Duke Red I won 't turn father to a robot Stop ... ! " Got , please give me courage " In order to protect father from the evil robot Please give me strength Fire Alarm ! There 's a fire alarm ! Fire Alarm ... ! The one who set fire is a member of Marduk Party I saw that myself The above guy wants to burn us What Atlas said is right They regard us as rubbish ! Take our arms ! We 'll fight now ! " Everybody , please calm down " The fire-fighting robot will begin to work soon " It 's dangerous here , please keep off " ' " Don 't prevent , robot ! " Do you want to make us lose our job and kill us this time ... Stupid ! It 's not the time to quarrel ! What 's up ! ? But Why did they set fire in this abandoned plant ? Well A strange man often came in and out there Is that man this guy ? Yes Thank you " Sir , there 's someone inside ! " " Bad , Kenichi , you come in from the behind " Yes Hurry ! " Cheer up , Laughton " Note ... Do you want that note ? Laughton ! What ! ? Laughton 's research office is burnt ! ? As if some experiment is being carried out there And the fire is quite terrible And the research office is all burnt How about Dr. Laughton ? He died in the fire What 's he researching on earth ? He 's an international wanted person He must be doing a dangerous experiment " What 's up , father ? " Do you know him ? Shut up ! Retreat ! Let me alone What 's it here . .. ? That fire alarm is so surprising But It 's nothing for this abandoned factory to be burnt Because it 's good for those useless to be destroyed It 's strange , even it 's burnt completely that robot has the highest level its bone 'd be found ... yeah " Pero , that man is ? " He 's Rock of Marduk Party He 's great power in the party while he 's so young It 's said Duke Red believes in him very much Duke Red ? What 's the relationship between Duke Red and Marduk ? The creator of Marduk is Duke Red Although it 's nothing to do with him seemingly But the fund of the movement is provided " Although it 's a secret , they have too much stink " People in the city all know it " Hey , where does this sewer lead ? " It connects with those of Area 2 and then flow to the processing plant in Area 3 One 'll die if he falls into it Because he 'll be dealt with as rubbish Common mankind are like so The criminal must return to the crime locale What people said before is really reasonable Let 's go to look for Mr. Kenichi Who 're you on earth ? Who 're you on earth ? " It 's wrong , do you know ? " You 'd call yourself ' I' Who am I ? I You 're I " No , listen " You 're ' I ' , I 'm ' you Oops ? Who am I ? " Right , I 'm Kenichi " Kenichi Kenichi Do you remember the thing happened before ? " such as the name , family , parents etc . " Family ... Father ... " Thank you , these are really food " But they 've rottened Food ... " Right , put them into the mouth like this ... " And then swallow it You can 't eat it ! Your stomache will feel uncomfortable if you eat like that You can 't eat it . .. or ... Open the round ceiling The weather group is called the main control center The cloud on the above is 1.1 It won 't effect the experiment The magnetic error is 3.7 The tramroad is being adjusted The fluidal refrigeration began The round ceiling is beginning " It 's 40 , 39 ... to the radiation place " The motivity system , refrigeration system , exploration system ... and operation system are all normal The main control center has given the last acceptance to the experiment The energy presser maintains 3 + 33 I see The condition observing group is called the primary control center We 've received the picture of the downtown and now we 're transmitting it to you " Get into the last stage , begin taking aim " " Magnetic collimation , error 0.25 " " Optics collimation , error 1.06 " the radiation device has been fixed at the final place Radiation time is 3 minutes That effect citizens But the robot below will vary I have ordered someone to write down the whole experiment for this material is quite valuable Begin the experiment from 3 degree Got it Begin radiating The radiation of degree 3 will be over in 180 seconds The sun 's data is - 24 It 's 5 seconds to get to R location " 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ... " 'Omotenium ' fuse together The macula 's movement is extending The sun 's spectrum 'Fulanghuo Ray' is as the same as the fusion mode of Omotenium 35000 ... 40000 ... 45000 ... There 're 49 maculas in location R The density of macula magnetic field ... is rising from 800 That perturb the ionosphere All the communication is violated Radiation of degree 3 is over The primary control system is quitted The experiment is quite successful That will make the whole world raise a dust Because you 've mastered the great God Now , as long as there 's Grand City 's Lar made by Dr.Laughton ... it 'll be perfect How come he carry out the experiment and made the macula increase quickly and the earth surface is effected by harmful electric wave It 's too unscrupulous to develop that without considering the country ! Marduk Party which is catching the out-control robot ... is adging on citizens now ... and shouting ' Human beings come into power They announced they 'd emend ' robot Law' The citizen group which approve robot said that idea was unreasonable They protested everywhere and had some conflicts with Marduk Party " This is a good chance , President " If things go smoothly We may sentence him as he turned against the country Is the army ready ? There 're some troops which are loyal to Duke Red " Don 't worry , let me manage it " We 'll blab the intelligence and whip up citizens and make more people argue against Duke Red and then we 'll arrest him as he turns against the country We can send the force if he wants to revolt I believe it 's that guy who killed Laughton But I don 't know the relationship between Laughton and him What experiment is Laughton making ? What 's you plan ? Since Laughton has died now I 'd report the reason to the consignee or it 'll be hard for me to do that Where 'll that guy plan to go ? I think he 's going to Area 2 Is there any other underground world besides here ? What 's the matter with this city ? Area 2 has the energy plants and Area 3 has some equipment dealing with polluted water Equipment dealing with polluted water ... In other words , that guy is always searching ... the outfall behind the abandoned factory I 'll applied the document to enter Area 2 after I returned to the headquarter and ask to search Mr. Kenichi Bastard ! You 're so old , but you still eat it secretly ! How much ... ? [ Area 2 ] If there 's someone moving around here I can recognize him at once Because the monitor of the management bureau us very strict Do you often come down ? Twice a week My purpose is to repair and maintain the robot These are ' Aibai Model' They 'll have the final examination in this week [ Area3 ] Is there anyone here ? " But , it always smells terrible " whenever I come here We mankind can 't work here for a day What 's up ? There 's someone ! Impossible Hey ! What 're you doing ! ? It 's forbidden to enter here ! He really doesn 't die Hey ! What do you want to do ? Don 't worry , they 're criminals Please tell me where the exit is Please stop ! It 'll be terrible if the equipment is hit Are you alright ? Damn ! What 'll we do ? That guy wants to kill us Keep off ! Keep off ! Don 't stop me ! Keep off ! Waste iron ! Keep off ! Can you come out now ? There 's no problem here What 's up ? " Right , Fi-Fi can 't pass that strobe " " Thank you very much , Fi-Fi " See you later Keep off ! It 's that guy ! Fi-Fi ! It 'll break the rules to bring a gun in Show me you pass I 'm Rock from Marduk ! It 's forbidden to parade in vacation Please dismiss yourselves quickly " Repeat , it 's forbidden ... " Kenichi ... ! ? ... Please dismiss yourselves quickly Hey ! Kenichi ! Stop ! Stop there ! Pay out ! Long time no see such a good product I don 't want it " Don 't say that , buy it " How are things going with you ? I didn 't find it " Impossible , search it completely ! " I see Search there too Yes ... " What 's up , Atlas ? " We can 't receive the uprising signal The uprising stops today The guy from Marduk is wandering there Is the information released ? It 's all because of them Rock wants to kill them Come on quickly As if I 'd seen him in the fire locale in the abandoned plant Right What 's your name ? Where 're you from ? My name is Kenichi My uncle and I are from Japan , my uncle is a spy ... Spy ? NO ... my uncle ... is a reporter and my work is to assist him Why will Rock kill you ? I don 't know either " In a word , he shot at us suddenly " It 's suspectable Will you get rid of them ? " Calm down , we 're not criminals or riffraffs " You said you were reporters just now It 'll be very good to let the whole world know the condition of Grand City At this jungle We have no time to choose clothes to let others take a photo for us At least I 've the rights to choose what clothes I 'd put on when I die I want to put on the clothes of a famous revolutionist to die " Hey , look there ... " as if it 's like an angel ... It 's an angel Around this place There 're three families living in a small house There 's not a school nor any job All people here live on admeasure But after Ziggurat is set up even the admeasure will be stopped What does Ziggurat mean ? It means the tower built by ancient Babylon It 's the most famous Babel Do you know the result ? The proud king of Babylon peeved God and the tower was destroyed History will repeat itself That Duke Red will have the same fate It 's not God this time We 'll ruin it ourselves [ Kenichi ] Am I wrong ? " No , you 're not " I only feel you hair become longer Kenichi , what kind of hairstyle do you like ? The present one is OK What 's more ... , go on practicing Wow ... the following is ... Tima What ? " Tima , my name " Really ? Do you remember your name ? " Great , Tima " You 'd remember more things " Thank you , Kenichi " I almost forget that this uniform was borrowed from Mr. Atlas Kenichi Is it ? I won 't worry if the army come to help Although the underground people agree to rise up they worry about that they have not such ability The celebration of the top out of Ziggurat will be operated by Marduk Party I hope you can get rid of them at a blow And then break into Ziggurat Meanwhile , president will formally announce ... " Duke Red turns against our nation , and we 'll arrest him " " On that day , I 'll use my power " let the army and police come under the leadership of President Boon Then , the power of Grand City will recover And we 'll come into power as a new party " Of course , Atlas " President will welcome you himself I 'm very angry ! I 'm really useless ! " It 's rare to find Kenichi , but I made him like that " " Sorry , I can 't help you at jungle " What did you say ? I know nothing here , I 'd thank you Don 't worry about Kenichi He ... Stop ! Run away ! They did too much Be careful ... Hide ... robot ... Hide ... change ... Be careful , robot , hide ... coup ... What ! ? Coup ! ? It 's over ... " Listen , look carefully , Kenichi " I hope you can ... tell the whole world clearly our anger I 'm OK ... " Let 's go , Pero " We can 't deal with it only by ourselves Please ask for help to headquarter Wait ! I can 't let you leave alone Do you know ? They 'll attack you robots first I 'll be OK What ! ? And you 've nothing to do with this city I 've the duty to protect you I see " Listen , Pero " You can 't incite them before I come back What 's up ? Are you going to protect here alone ? It 's forbidden to parade in vacation Please dismiss yourselves quickly " No , because time is almost up " Why mankind always settle problems with force ? We know It 's really a problem to call it ' Feeling' We have to ebb and flow in our feeling ... and make progress step by step If we don 't say yes to that point we can 't live on It 's time to rise up When 'll I deliver the speech ? The situation will become steady at 1 : 00 pm Maybe it 's 3 : 00 or half past 3 : 00 " What 's up , minister ? " Do you feel uneasy ? " Right , president " Because I have a boring task What 's it ... ! ? You ... ! You threw yourself into the lap of Duke Red ! I 'm fair to history Wait ... ! Let 's talkabout it carefully ... ! Why ... ? Why do mankind often ruin robot ? What 's revolution ? The coup failed Grand City is now operated by Duke Red and the army Those who take part in the mutiny , give up your arms and surrender now ! Repeat : The coup failed Grand City is now operated by Duke Red and the army Those who take part in the mutiny , / / give up your arms and surrender now ! Kenichi ! Hey ! Kenichi ! Uncle ! " You 're safe , great ... " " Are you alright , uncle ? " This wound is nothing Who 's she ? Her name is Tima I went into exile with her from the fire " Tima , let me introduce " This is my uncle Uncle ! Mr.Atlas ... We ... jumped at that bait ... You came out finally Don 't move ! Don 't rebel ! If you turn out that girl you may go back to you country Don 't do the grand ! Rock ! Your attempt ... Bastard ! Tima ... ! Take your pistol ! Come on Gime me the gun Don 't give it to him . .. ! Can you fire ? I 'm a man Rock ! These are the people whom you gave up public business and always chased Tima ... ! Are you Tima ... Rock ! What 's the matter ? In the fire alarm in Laughton 's research office , Tima ... Your report says there 's no survivor from the fire And how did you know the thing of Tima ? Answer me ! Father Because you must take the superman 's seat Don 't let such robot control Ziggurat ... and the future of Grand City ! Stupid ! robot Do you want to control me ? You 'll have your moment as long as I think a little of you ! Get up ! Don 't appear in front of me again ! Kenichi ! It 's you who always hired Laughton ... What 'll you do if it is ? I come to arrest Laughton ... from Japan ... My name is Shunsaku Ban " Come on , get on the car " Where 's Kenichi ? You 'll see him after you finish it I want to see Majordomo Nuodaning the Majordomo is posted away " The successor hasn 't be confirmed , you may come on another day " " In fact , because some misunderstanding , my nephew ... " was taken away by Marduk Party As a foreigner ... you 'd propound a request to your embassy " Now , our country will extend to the heaven " It 's my honor to deliver the historical ... wisdom and the achievement of science This glory surprised me greatly Our strength will shine the whole world ... Sake should be heated We only have hot whisky and Tanyou Mr. Spy from Japan Bring me two bottles of hot whisky Yes Bastard ... ! What 's Ziggurat ! " Shit , Marduk ! Damn ! " Please help yourself " Hey , the guy who was here just now is Rock " I heard he 'd left the party But he wandered around here Thank you Take care Wow ... Miss Tima , there 's a man just now ... who asked me to give you this letter I had refused him originally but he told me not to inform Duke Red and others I told me I can 't manage that " But he called himself 'Kenichi ' , so I ... " It 's not convenient for me to move now So I can 't come to see you now I 'll leave this country soon I want to meet you very much Kenichi ! " What 's the matter , Aimei ? " Please keep your words and give miss Tima to me quickly I 'll fall into catastrophe if others know it " Don 't worry , I 'll speak over soon " In fact I didn 't want to help him " Then , excuse me " You fooled me " If I 'd done like that , I 'd have no chance to speak to you " Where 's Kenichi ? Please let me meet him if you know where he is No wonder When I speak to you you 're really not like a robot No wonder that mad scientist ... selected my father What do you want to say on earth ? I said you were a robot " No , I 'm not " Then what 're you ? A man ? " Then , who 're your parents ? " Where 're they now ? They 're .. . Kenichi Is this useless puppet a superman ? Since you don 't know where Kenichi is I 'll go back now What ! ? Tima is gone ! ? Yes ! Bastard ! Be careful when you drive ! Let me have a look ... Is there any secret with the superman which father wants ? " Cheer up , Laughton " Note ... Do you want that note ? Don 't worry I 've punished Rock Where 's Kenichi ? I 'm looking for Kenichi too " So , I need you help " Help ? I believe he 's imprisoned somewhere in Ziggurat So I need your intelligence to invade Ziggurat and then search out where Kenichi is Can I manage that kind of thing ? " Come on , show me your hand " Kenichi ! How do you like ? Kenichi is in that building ... OK ! Succeeded ! He 's really there What 's the matter with me just now ? Really ? Don 't you know the story of yourself ? What do you mean ? " Yes , We 'll report to you as long as we search it " Is it Duke Red ? Yes How do you like ? We can search the place where the information is released Because the energy is too strong The fork of the circuit is burnt I found it Where 's it ? " South Area 17 , [ Coconut Hotel ] " " Please tell me , am I a man or ... " " It 's true , you ... " are different from other robots I 'm a man I 'm a man as Kenichi " Right , of course " " In a word , we 'd save Kenichi out first " " I 've been looking for you for a long time , Tima " What 's your attempt ? " If I like , I can arrest you with the sin that you kidnapped others " You are wrong ! You 'd ask your son about the reason It 's Rock ! ? I don 't know what attempt you have But I know ... " you belong to the same gang as the wanted person , Dr.Laughton " I believe it 's you who planned to kill him And your purpose is to vanish the proof Take him back Yes ! Follow me ! This treasure seat is specially made for you You 'll control the world here soon I ... ? Why ? " This is your fate , you 'll be clear soon " Kenichi ! Kenichi ? Kenichi ! " Cheer up , Kenichi ! " It 's me ! Can you recognize ! ? Hey ! Kenichi ! Kenichi Kenichi Damn ! What have you done to Kenichi ! ? He isn 't in danger now Because he 's shouting loudly So we ask him to calm down Kenichi Kenichi The thing this time ... I 'll present my protest to the embassy formally ! " It 'll become a diplomatic problem , Duke Red " Really ? I don 't know you 're some top bananas in the political circle I 'm so stupid " But , no matter what country it is " it 'll give in before Tima Please let Kenichi recover " What 's up , Tima ? " One or two this kind of guys are nothing You 've the power to control the world What 's my strength ? Am I a man ? Am I as the same as those poor robots . .. ? Why do you ask such a foolish question ? You 're different from that waste iron " Then , am I a man like Kenichi ? " " What did you say , you 're not a man at all " You won 't be effected by emotion or feeling and won 't be puzzled by love or moral You 're not so poor as mankind You 're a superman ! " Then , I 'm really ... " I brought the clothes of miss Tima You 're really a robot But you 're the noblest in the world You 're fooling me " I have my feeling and love , because I 'm tired of you " You 're still not perfect Because you haven 't reach the final configuration It 's only that your unstable energy shows out as feeling and love When that moment comes ... You 'll incorporate with that superman 's seat and become a PC weapon controlling the whole world ! " At that time , your emotion and memory ... " will disappear How could you know that ? I 'm a spy after all " Come on , change your shirt , miss Tima " " Dad , please wake up " Rock ! ? What ... ! ? What do you want to do ! ? " You must take this seat , dad " " Dad , only you are our leader " What do you want to do ! ? Tima ! You woke up I 'm an artificial man a machine to ruin the world No ! Not ruin but rebuild ! Stop ! Kenichi ... What 's up ! ? Who pressed the switch ! ? The system started itself ! Change to hand-control ! Cut off the power ! It lost control ! Such an phenomenon never appeared in the experiment before ! Dr.Ponkotz ! Why did you ring the alarm ! Omotenium generation device began losing control ! What 's up , Doctor ? That ... Stop ! Tima ! If it goes on like this , Ziggurat 'll ... ! It 's an punishment for those who twiddled with robot Tima 's memory is swallowed by too much message She began to lose control Babel has made God angry Tima ! Don 't go there ! She isn 't the Tima you were familiar with now ! " OK , I see " Duke Red If we don 't stop Omotenium generation device now the world will disappear ! The possibility of mankind 's survival ... will be less 30 % My earth weapons will begin to work in 30 minutes The targets are the main city and equipment of the world There 're 7 , 586 places totally And as for those who survive It 'll use the order of gene to make a new biological weapon It may take 17 hours and 27 minutes Can you hear me , Duke Red ? The superman you made said it didn 't need mankind ! Tima ! Don 't go ! Kenichi ... ! Kenichi ... ! Kenichi ... ! Kenichi ... ! Tima ... Tima ... Tima ! Doctor ! The underground motility center and control center ... are both occupied . .. ! What 's up ... ! ? Go away ! You 'd not come here " Tima , it 's me ! " Kenichi I 'm Kenichi ! Stop ! I won 't let you ... kill ... my father ... You can 't ... ! Rock ... ! Tima ... ! Tima ! Tima ! Catch my hand ! I 'm Kenichi Who 're you on earth ? Who 're you on earth ? " It 's wrong , do you know ? " You 'd call yourself ' I' Kenichi ... ! Catch me tightly ! Who am I ? Tima ! May I ask ... where did you find this ? Kenichi ... Fi-Fi ? Fi-Fi ! Fi-Fi ... Fi-Fi ... Tima ... Tima ... Uncle ! Hey ! Uncle ! I want to stay in this city for some time more Who am I ?
