 English Subtitles by Mr.Radar Version 1 Adopted from 2002 R1 Kino Video DVD release and Google Translate The film " Metropolis " was heavily edited and abridged shortly after its premier . About 1 / 4 of the film was considerd lost forever . Only in 2008 , in Buenos Aires , was a nearly-complete copy discovered . Unfortunately it was in terrible condition and a cropped 16 mm version . A substantially complete reconstruction was made using the Argentinian material and material from the previous restoration . Spanish intertitles were identified using censor cards translated into German . To accurately portray the correct position of the cropped images , black borders have been added to them . The Intertitles appear in their original font . Intertitles with a different typeface ( like this one ) have been added to summarize the plot of missing segments . Black film stock indicates shorter sections of missing footage . An Ufa production Distributed by Parufamet . Director : Fritz Lang . Screenplay : Thea van Harbou . Set Design : Otto Hunte , Erich Kettelhut , Karl Vollbrecht . Camera : Karl Freund , Gunther Rittau . Music : Gottfried Huppertz . Sculptor : Walter Schultze-Mittendorf . Thea von Harbou 's novel Metropolis first appeared in the magazine Illustriertes Blatt , Frankfurt . The book was published by August Scherl Verlag G.m.b.H. The film 's cast : Joh Fredersen : Alfred Abel Freder , Joh Fredersen 's Son : Gustav Frölich Rotwang , the inventor : Rudolf Klein-Rogge The Thin Man : Fritz Rasp Josaphat : Theodor Loos 11811 : Erwin Biswanger Grot , the guardian of the Heart Machine : Heinrich George The Creative Man The Machine Man Death The Seven Deadly Sins Maria : Brigitte Helm Epigram : THE MEDIATOR BETWEEN HEAD AND HANDS MUST BE THE HEART ! Shift change . Deep below the earth 's surface lay the worker 's city . As deep as lay the workers city below the earth , so high above it towered the complex named the " Club of the Sons , " with its lecture halls and libraries , its theaters and stadiums . Fathers , for whom every revolution of a machine wheel meant gold , had created for their sons the miracle of the Eternal Gardens . " Which of you ladies shall today have the honor of entertaining Master Freder , Joh Fredersen 's Son ? " " Freder - ! Freder - ! " " Look ! These are your brothers ! " " L o o k - - ! " " These are your brothers ! " " Who - was that ? " But this is what happened to Freder - son of Joh Fredersen , master of Metropolis - when he went in search of the girl : " To the new Tower of Babel - to my father - ! " " Why is it , Josaphat , that I learn of the explosion from my son , and not from you- - ! " " The details- - ! " " What were you doing in the machine halls , Freder ? " " I wanted to look into the faces of the people whose little children are my brothers , my sisters ... " " Your magnificent city , Father - and you the brain of this city - and all of us in the city 's light ... - - " " ... and where are the people , father , whose hands built your city-- - ? " " Where they belong ... " " ... where they belong ... ? " " ... in the depths ... ? " " And if those in the depths should rise up against you ? " " The chief foreman of the Heart Machine , Grot - with an important message ... " " Two more of those damned plans , Mr. Fredersen ... " " ... in the pockets of two men involved in today 's accident at the M-Machine ... " " Why is it , Josaphat , that these plans were brought to me by Grot and not by you ? " " Apply to the G-Bank for your remaining wages ... " " Father , do you know what it means to be dismissed by you ? - - It means : Go below ! - Father ! - go below ! Into the depths- - ! " " Do you know what it means to be dismissed like that by Joh Fredersen ? " " Do you want to work for me , Josaphat ? " " Go home , Josaphat , and wait for me ... I still have a long way to go tonight ... " " Into the depths , - to be with my brothers ... " " Beginning today I wish to be kept informed of every step taken by my son ... " " Brother ... " " ... the machine ! ... Someone h a s t o stay at the machine ! " " Someone w i l l stay at the machine ... " " ME " " Listen to me ... I want to trade lives with you ! " " Wait for me - both of you ... " In the middle of Metropolis there was a strange house , overlooked by the centuries . The man who lived in it was Rotwang , the inventor . " Joh Fredersen ... ... " HEL ; BORN FOR MY HAPPINESS AND MANKIND 'S BLESSING LOST TO JOH FREDERSEN ; DIED GIVING BIRTH TO FREDER , HIS SON " A brain like yours , Rotwang , should be able to forget ... " " Only once in my life did I forget anything : that Hel was a woman and you a man ... " " Let the dead rest in peace , Rotwang ... For you , as for me , she is dead ... ... " " For me , she is not dead , Joh Fredersen , - for me , s h e l i v e s - - ! " " Do you think that losing a hand is too high a price to pay for re-creating Hel - ? ! " " Do you want to see her - ? ! " " So , Joh Fredersen - ? ! Isn 't it worth the loss of a hand to have created the man of the future , the M a c h i n e - M a n - ? ! " " Give me another 24 hours - , and no one , Joh Fredersen , no one will be able to tell a Machine-Man from a mortal- - ! " " The woman is m i n e , Joh Fredersen ! The son of Hel was yours ! " " And what brings you to me , Joh Fredersen ? " " As usual , when my experts fail me , I come to you for advice ... " " For months now , we have been finding these plans in my workers ' clothes . What do they mean ? " " ... at two ... at the end of the shift ! S h e has summoned us again ... " " Father - ! Father - ! Will ten hours n e v e r end- - ? ! " " - it is a plan of the 2000-year-old catacombs deep below the lowest levels of your Metropolis ... " " I should like to know what my workers are doing in the catacombs ... " " Today I will tell you the legend of THE TOWER OF BABEL ... " The legend of THE TOWER OF BABEL ... " Come , let us build us a tower whose top may reach unto the stars ! " " And on the top of the tower we will write these words : Great is the world and its creator ! And great is Man ! " ... but the minds that had conceived the Tower of Babel could not build it . The task was too great . So they hired hands for wages . But the h a n d s that built the Tower of Babel knew nothing of the dream of the b r a i n that had conceived it . One man 's hymns of praise became other men 's curses . People spoke the same language , but could not understand each other ... GREAT IS THE WORLD AND ITS CREATOR AND GREAT IS MAN " HEAD and HANDS need a mediator . " " THE MEDIATOR BETWEEN HEAD AND HANDS MUST BE THE HEART ! " " And where is o u r mediator , Maria - ? " " Wait for him ! He will surely come ! " " We will wait , Maria ... ! But not much longer- - ! " " Oh mediator , have you finally come ? " " You called me- - here I am ! " " Rotwang , give the Machine-Man the likeness of that girl . " " I shall show discord between them and her ! I shall destroy their belief in this woman- - " " Leave me alone now , Joh Fredersen ... You will find the way back without me ... " " You fool ! Now you will lose the one remaining thing you have from Hel - y o u r s o n ! " " Until tomorrow , in the cathedral ! " Freder sees a monk in the pulpit who preaches : " Verily , I say unto you , the days spoken of in the Apocalypse are nigh ! " The monk 's hand points to the Bible , in which is written : " And I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet colored beast , full of names of blasphemy having seven heads and ten horns . And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color , having a golden cup in her hand . And upon her forehad was a name , written , mystery , Babylon the Great , the mother of abominations of the Earth . " " You will destroy Joh Fredersen - him and his city and his son - ! " Gluttony , Greed , Pride Lust , Envy , Wrath , Sloth " If you had come earlier , you wouldn 't have scared me ... But now I beg you : Stay away from me and my beloved ... ! " " Where is the man whose clothes you wear ? " " Will you please wake Georgy ? We must go at once to the workers ' city ... " " No. 11811 , go back to your machine and forget this ever happened - understood ? " " I must have someone who is faithful to me , Josaphat , how else can I fulfil my destiny ? ! " " I must go , Josaphat , - I must look on my own for the person to whom 11811 was supposed to lead me . " " Tonight , Josaphat - tonight when I come back ... " " So , what is your price for leaving this appartment tonight ? " " You do not seem to understand on whose behalf I am here ... " " T h i s m a n does not wish his son to be here this evening ! " " In three hours I will come for you ! " " Come ! It is time to give the Machine-Man your face ! " " Maria- - ! " " MARIA ! " " Where is Maria - ? ! " " She is with your father ... " " I tell you , she is with your father-- - ! " " She is the most perfect and obedient tool that ever man possed . You will see , tonight , when she dances before the eyes of the the hundred richest gentlemen ... " " I w a n t you to visit those in the depths , in order to destroy the work of the woman in whose image you were created ! " C.A. Rotwang invites Mr. Joh Fredersen to be his guest tonight . " Verily I say unto you : the days spoken of in the Apocalypse are nigh ... ! " " For her - all seven deadly sins ! " " Death descends upon the city-- - ! " The Book of Revelations " I put on this disguise to escape from the Thin Man ... But for ten days your father 's spy has been making even the workers ' city risky ... " " Only their hope for a mediator is keeping the workers in check ... " " There are still more strange things happening , Freder ... " " On the evening when you fell sick ... " " ... once the best of friends ... because of that woman ... " " ... the other man ... the same evening ... " " ... The Eternal Gardens lie abandoned ... but night after night in Yoshiwara ... " " And this woman , at whose feet all sins are heaped ... is a l s o named Maria ... " " The same woman who those in the depths look up to as a saint-- - ? ! " " Many now go to the city of the dead , to a woman who has proven herself as true as gold ... " " But the mediator must appear ... " " Whatever happens tonight : it is my express order to let the workers do as they will ... " " Joh Fredersen wants to let those in the depths use force and do wrong , so that he can claim the right to use force against them ... " " When you spoke to your poor brothers , you spoke of peace , Maria ... Today a mouthpiece of Joh Fredersen is inciting them to rebel against him ... " " She will destroy their belief in a mediator ! " " You know that I have always spoken of peace ... but your mediator has not come ... " " You have waited long enough ! Your time has come - ! " " ... but I have tricked Joh Fredersen ! Your double does not obey h i s will - only m i n e ! " " Who is the living food for the machines in Metropolis - ? ! " " Who lubricates the machine joints with their own blood - ? ! " " Who feeds the machines with their own flesh- - ? ! " " Let the machines starve , you fools - ! Let them die - ! " " Kill them - the machines - ! " " You are not Maria - ! " " YOU ARE NOT MARIA - ! " " Maria speaks of peace , not killing - ! This is not Maria - ! " " Joh Fredersen 's Son - ! " " Kill him , the dog , in his white silken fur - ! " " Get your women , your sons , from the workers ' city ! Let no one stay behind ! Death to the machines - ! " In the attic with Maria , Rotwang grows ever more intoxicated by his triumph over Fredersen . " ... and I tricked Joh Fredersen twice over - ! For I concealed from him that his son wants to be your brothers mediator - and loves you - ! " Maria is not the only one listening to Rotwang . Outside the attic window Joh Fredersen has been evesdropping ... Joh Fredersen breaks into Rotwang 's attic . He battles with his old rival , overcoming him . Maria is free . " ... faithful after all ... " " Come on , Freder ! We still have the workers ' city . " " Women and men , let no one miss today - ! Death to the machines - ! " " Not one man - or woman remaines behind - ! " " Away from the machines - ! L e t them spin out of control - ! " " The Heart Machine - ! " DANGER " Open the gates ! " " Open the gates , I said ! " " If the Heart Machine is destroyed , the entire machine district will end up in ruins ! " " Have you gone mad - ? If the Heart Machine is destroyed , the entire workers ' city will be flooded - ! " " Where are your fathers , your mothers ? " " Do you know that your son is among the workers ? " " Yes-you ! You are Maria - ! " " To the air shaftes - quickly ! The reservoirs have burst ! The city is flooding - ! " " We will take the children to the Club of the Sons ! " " Why are all the lights out ? " " I must know ! Where is my son ? ! " " Tomorrow thousands will ask in fury and desperation : Joh Fredersen , where is my son - ! " " Where are your children ? ! " " The city lies underwater , the shafts are completely flooded - ! " " Who told you to attack the machines , you idiots ? Without them you 'll all die ! " " It 's the witch 's fault - ! " " Let 's all watch as the world goes to the devil ! " " Find the witch , this is all her fault - ! Strike her dead - ! " " Now I 'm going to take you home , my Hel ! " " The witch - ! the witch - ! There she is - ! there she is - ! " " Where are our children , you witch - ? ! " " Burn the witch. - To the stake with her ! " " To the stake with her - ! " " Maria- - ! " " Maria- - ! " " Hel - ! My Hel - ! " " Your children ... saved- - ! " " Head and hands want to join together , but they don 't have the heart to do it ... Oh mediator , show them the way to each other ... "
