 Following its first projection , the film " Metropolis " was considerably shortened and modified . More than 25 % of the original film was regarded as lost . In 2008 , an almost complete copy was found in Buenos Aires . The print was seriously deteriorated and the image partly truncated because of the copy 's 16-mm format . This version contains new scenes and made it possible to correct the order of sequences . The Spanish inter-titles were recreated . A black edge was applied where the image is truncated to fit the 16-mm format . The intertitles appear in their original style . The lost parts essential to the comprehension of the plot are summarized by titles in a modern font . The shorter missing sections are marked with black frames . A film produced by Ufa and distributed by Parafumet . Shift change . Down below the Earth 's surface the workers ' city . As deep as lay the workers ' city below the earth , So high above it towered the complex club named the " Club of the Sons , " with its lecture halls and libraries , its theaters and stadiums Fathers for whom every revolution of a machine wheel meant gold had created for their sons the miracle of the Eternal Gardens " Which of you ladies shall today have the honor of entertaining Master Freder , Jon Fredersen 's son ? " " Look ! These are your brothers ! Look ! " These are your brothers ! " " Who was that ? " But this is what happened to Freder son of Joh Fredersen , master of Metropolis ! master of Metropolis when he went in search of the girl : when he went in search of the girl : " To the new Tower of Babel ! To my father ! " " Why is it , Josaphat , that I learn of the explosion from my son , and not from you ! " " The details ! " " What were you doing in the machine halls , Freder ? " " I wanted to see the faces of the people whose children are my brothers and sisters " Your marvelous city , father , and you the city 's brain and all of us the city 's light " " And where are the people , Father , whose hands built your city ? " " Where they belong " " Where they belong ? " " in the depths ? " " What if one day those in the depths rise up against you ? " " The chief foreman of the Heart Machine , Grot with an important message " " Two more of those damned plans , Mr. Fredersen " " in the pockets of two men involved in today 's accident at the M-Machine " " Why is it , Josaphat , that these plans were brought to me by Grot , and not by you ? " " Apply to the G-Bank for your remaining wages " " Father , do you know what it means to be dismissed by you ? It means : Go below ! Father ! go below ! Into the depths ! " " Do you know what it means to be dismissed like that by Jon Fredersen ? " " Do you want to work for me , Josaphat ? " " Go home , Josaphat , and wait for me ¦ I still have a long way to go tonight " " Into the depths , to be with my brothers " " Beginning today I wish to be kept informed of every step my son takes " " Brother " " the machine ! Someone h a s to stay at the machine ! " " Someone w i l l stay at the machine " ME . " " Listen to me . I want to trade lives with you ! " " Wait for me , both of you " Yoshiwara , the district of vice . In the heart of Metropolis there was a strange house , overlooked by the centuries . The man who lived in it was Rotwang , the inventor . Born for my happiness and mankind 's blessing . Lost to Joh Fredersen . Died giving birth to Freder , Joh Fredersen 's son . " A brain like yours , Rotwang , should be able to forget . " " Only once in my life did I forget anything : that Hel was a woman , and you a man " " Let the dead rest in peace , Rotwang For you , as for me , she is dead " " For me , she is not dead , Joh Fredersen , for me , s h e l i v e s ! " 77 00 : 40 : 38,260 - - 00 : 40 : 38,300 For me she isn 't dead " Do you think that losing a hand is too high a price to pay for re-creating Hel ? ! " Do you want to see her ? " So , Joh Fredersen ? ! Isn 't it worth the loss of a hand to have created the man of the future ? the MACHINE-Man ? ! " Give me another 24 hours , and no one , Joh Fredersen , no one will be able to tell a Machine-Man from a mortal ! " " The woman is m i n e , Joh Fredersen ! The son of Hel was yours ! " " And what brings you to me , Joh Fredersen ? " " As usual , when my experts fail me , I come to you for advice " For months now , we have been finding these plans in my workers ' clothes . What do they mean ? " at two at the end of the shift ! S H E has summoned us again " " Father ! Father ! Will ten hours never end ? ! " " it is a plan of the 2000-year-old catacombs deep below the lowest level of your Metropolis " " I should like to know what my workers are doing in the catacombs . " " Today I will tell you the legend of the TOWER OF BABEL " Come , let us build a tower whose top may reach unto the stars ! " And on the top of the tower we will write the words : Great is the World and its Creator ! And Great is Man ! " but the minds that had conceived the Tower of Babel could not build it . The task was too great . So they hired hands for wages . But the hands that build the Tower of Babel knew nothing of the dream of the brain that had conceived it . One man 's hymns of praise became other men 's curses People spoke the same language , but could not understand each other Great is the world and its Creator And Great is Man There must be a mediator between HEADS and HANDS " THE MEDIATOR BETWEEN HEAD AND HANDS MUST BE THE HEART ! " " But where is O U R mediator , Maria ? " " Wait for him ! He will surely come ! " " We will wait , Maria ! But not much longer ! " " Oh , mediator , have you finally come ? " " You called me . Here I am ! " Rotwang , give the Machine-Man the likeness of that girl . I shall sow discord between them and her ! " I shall destroy their belief in this woman " Leave me alone now , Joh Fredersen You will find the way back without me " " You fool ! Now you will lose the one remaining thing you have from Hel , your son ! " " Until tomorrow , in the cathedral ! " Freder sees a monk in the pulpit who preaches : " Verily , I say unto you , the days spoken of in the Apocalypse are nigh ! " The monk 's hand points to the Bible , in which is written : " And I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet colored beast , full of names of blasphemy , having seven heads and ten horns " And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color , having a golden cup in her hand And upon her forehead was a name written , mystery , Babylon the Great , the mother of abominations of the earth . " " You will destroy Joh Fredersen him and his city and his son ! " " If you had come earlier , you wouldn 't have scared me . But now I beg you : Stay away from me and my beloved ! " " Where is he , whose clothes you wear ? " " Will you please wake Georgy ? He must take me at once to the Worker 's City " " No. 11811 , you will return to your machine and forget that you ever left it understand ? " " I must have someone who is loyal to me , Josaphat . how else can I reach the end of my Journey ? ! " " I must continue , Josaphat I must now look only to the People , to whom Georgy pointed the way ... " " This evening , Josaphat this evening , when I return ... " " So , what price do you ask in order to leave this house this evening ? " " You do not seem to have understood , on whose behalf I am here " " This man does not wish that his son be found here this evening ! " " In three hours I 'll come for you ! " " Come ! It is time to give the Machine-Man your face ! " " Where is Maria ? ! " " She is with your father " " I tell you , she is with your father ! " She is the most perfect and obedient tool that ever a man possessed ! Tonight you 'll see , as she is unveiled before the eyes of the top hundred . You 'll see her dancing ... C.A. Rotwang requests Joh Fredersen to be his guest this evening . " I want you to visit those in the depths , in order to destroy the work of the woman in whose image you were created ! " C.A. Rotwang requests Joh Frederson to be his guest this evening . " Verily , I say unto you , the days spoken of in the Apocalypse are nigh ! " " All seven deadly sins for her sake ! " " Death descends upon the city ! " The Book of Revelations I put on this disguise to escape from the Thin Man But for ten days your father 's spy has been making even the workers ' city risky " " The only thing keeping the workers in check is that they still wait for the Mediator that was promised to them " " More strange things have happened , Freder " " On the night you fell sick " " once the best of friends were , because of that woman " " the other man the same evening " " The Eternal Gardens lie abandoned , but night after night in Yoshiwara " " And this woman , at whose feet all sins are heaped " is also named Maria " " The same woman who those in the depths look up to as a saint ? ! " " Many now go to the City of the Dead , to a woman who has proven herself as true as gold . " " But the mediator must not be missing ! " " Whatever happens tonight , it is my express orders to let the workers do as they will " " Joh Fredersen wants to let those in the depths use force and do wrong , " so that he can claim the right to use force against them " " When you spoke to your poor brothers , you spoke of peace , Maria Today a mouthpiece of Joh Fredersen is inciting them to rebel against him " " She will destroy their belief in a mediator ! " " You know that I have always spoken of peace , but your mediator has not come " " You have waited long enough ! Your time as come ! " " but I have tricked Joh Fredersen ! Your double does not obey his will , only mine ! " " Who is the living food for the machines in Metropolis ? ! " " Who lubricates the machine joints with their own blood ? ! " " Who feeds the machines with their own flesh ? ! " " Let the machines starve , you fools ! Let them die ! " " Kill them the machines ! " " You are not Maria ! " " YOU ARE NOT MARIA ! " " Maria speaks of peace , not killing ! This is not Maria ! " Joh Fredersen 's son ! " " Kill him , the dog , in his white silken fur ! " " Get your women , your sons , from the workers ' city ! Let no one stay behind ! Death to the machines ! " In the attic with Maria , Rotwang grows ever more intoxicated by his triumph over Fredersen . " and I tricked Joh Fredersen twice over ! For I concealed from him that his son wants to be your brothers ' mediator and loves you ! " Maria is not the only one listening to Rotwang . Outside the attic window Joh Fredersen has been eavesdropping Joh Fredersen breaks into Rotwang 's attic . He battles with his old rival , overcoming him . Maria is free . " faithful after all " " Come , Freder ! We must cross the workers ' quarters . " " Women and men , let no one miss today ! Death to the machines ! " " None , none remained behind ! " " Don 't touch the machines ! Let them speed to their deaths ! " " To the Heart-Machine ! " " Open the gates ! " " I said , open the gates ! " " If the Heart-Machine is destroyed , the entire machine district will end up in ruins . " " Have you gone mad ? If the Heart-Machine is destroyed , the entire workers ' city will flood ! " " Where are you fathers , your mothers ? " " Do you know that your son is among the workers ? " " Yes You ! You are Maria ! " " To the air shafts , quickly ! Quickly ! The reservoirs have burst ! The city is flooding ! " " We 'll take the children to the Club of the Sons ! " " Why are all the lights out ? " " I must know ! Where is my son ? ! " " Tomorrow thousands will ask in fury and desperation , Joh Fredersen , where is my son ! ? " " Where are your children ? ! " " The city lies underwater , the shafts are completely flooded ! " " Who told you to attack the machines , you idiots ? Without them you 'll all die ! " " It 's the witch 's fault ! " " Let 's all watch as the world goes to the devil ! " " Find the witch , this is all her fault ! Strike her dead ! " " Now I 'm going to take you home , my Hel ! " " The witch ! The witch ! There she is ! There she is ! " " Where are our children , you witch ? ! " " Burn the witch . To the stake with her ! " " To the stake with her ! " " Hel ! My Hel ! " " Your children saved ! " " Head and hands want to join together , but they don 't have the heart to do it " Oh mediator , show them the way to each other . "
