 I hope I 'm not very late . They 're upstairs . His heart is perfect . Hear that , Betty ? I 'm in perfect shape . How did the new valves work on the heart ? Beautifully . They 'll give any pressure you want . Then we 'll get the apparatus ready at once . Yes , Doctor . Are you quite sure you want to go through with this ? Yes , Doctor . You realize , of course , that the possibilities may be unpleasant ? I studied those possibilities all the time you were developing the mechanical heart . It 's worked on every other kind of animal . Why should man be an exception ? He shouldn 't , but we can 't be sure until we try . Well , can 't you try on a body that 's already dead ? Unfortunately , no . But if we can revive a man who 's been scientifically put to death , then we have the perfect anesthetic . And in that moment the art of surgery will have advanced a thousand years . It 's the most tremendous thing we 've ever worked on . But what good will that do you if this fails ? I 'd rather take a chance on something this great than to live to be 90 , marking time . - Then you 're still determined ? - Yes , Doctor . Oh , Bob , you can 't do it . I won 't let you . Now take it easy . There 's nothing to be panicky about . But don 't you realize he 's going to kill you ? You 're going to die . That sounds a lot tougher than it is . I 'll be under anesthetic . That 's all . There 's nothing to it . - Well , what if he can 't bring you back ? - He won 't miss . Why , inside of two hours , we 'll be eating chop suey and fighting about where we 're going to go on our honeymoon . Now don 't worry . Nothing 's going to happen to anybody . Oh , please don 't , Bob . All ready . Now , don 't forget we got a date for chop suey in two hours . All set . No , please . You stay here . And we 're not to be interrupted on any account . Pulse , 47 . Forty . Respiration , 15 . Dropping fast . He 's dead . Now to draw out the vital heat . It 'll take at least 30 minutes for the body to chill . I 'll test the heart . How frail a thing to solve the riddle of death . We 're really very stupid , Lang . We lived surrounded by working models of this machine , and only now it occurs to us to duplicate them in machinery . The heart is nothing but a pump like this . Veins and arteries are only tubes like these . So what could be simpler than to use the glass pump to force the real pump into action after it has stopped ? Maybe we should have made this of steel . No , then we couldn 't watch the course of the blood from the machine into the body . - We must see in order to learn . - But if it should break ? If anything fails us now , our lives , as well as his , are lost . - I don 't understand . - We 've taken a human life . If we don 't restore that life , the law will call it murder . Now look , Lieutenant , all I want is a little statement for the morning edition . Is the Mayor guilty of that bribery charge or isn 't he ? Listen , if I told you newspaper guys what I really thought , they 'd snatch my badge right off me . Officer , Dr. Savaard 's going to kill someone . You 've got to stop him . - How do you know ? - I 'm his nurse . I work there . He 's going to kill a young medical student . - Where 's all this happening ? - At Dr. Savaard 's house . Hurry ! - What 's the address ? - 8700 , Post Road . I 'll show you the way . Shane talking . Get hold of Dr. Stoddard and have him meet me at the Savaard home as soon as he can . The address is 8700 , Post Road . - Does Dr. Savaard live here ? - I don 't know if Dad 's in , but I 'll see . This house is so rambling , we have a regular phone system . He 's not in the library . I 'll try the laboratory . Hello , Dad . There 's a gentleman here to see you . No , no , Janet , I must not be disturbed . I 'm in the midst of a crucial experiment . Send him away and don 't let anybody else in . Careful . What 's causing those gas locks ? They 'll wreck the whole thing . There 's the trouble . Those tubes . Why , they should curve down , not up . Betty , what 's the matter ? In there . Open up . It 's the police . - The police ? How did they get in ? - I don 't know . Hand me the shears . Take this and hide . - I 'll face this with you . - No , I 'll need you later . Hide somewhere . I 'll be able to get in touch with you . What 'll I say if I 'm caught ? Say I sent you away before the operation started so you wouldn 't see how the machine works . Where will I go ? In the cellar for now . But hide , and stay hidden . Open up , I say ! Break it in . Betty , what 's the matter ? What 's happening ? He 's killing Bob . - All right . - Over here . He 's dead . - Dad , what happened ? - That 's what I 'd like to know . It 's very simple . I 've created a technique for restoring the dead to life , and that young man volunteered to be my first subject . Now , if you gentlemen will be so kind as to leave my house , I 'll go on with my work . - Did you kill him ? - I told you , he volunteered . How did you kill him ? I made use of certain gases that end life without poisoning the tissues . That 's just what I wanted to know . Unlock my hands ! I 've got to restore that boy to life . - Hello , Lieutenant , what 's the trouble ? - Take a look in that box over there . Look , give me one hour , just one hour to work on that boy . Why don 't you give him a break ? What have you got to lose ? Nothing but my badge . Well , he 's good and dead , all right . This man says he can bring that body back to life . - What about it ? - Fantastic . Inside of an hour , I can have that boy walking and talking , and explaining it all to you himself . From what I 've seen so far , I 'd say Dr. Savaard has developed a homicidal mania . Idiots . Watch out he doesn 't hurt himself . Now , gentlemen , you can think what you like , but give me one hour , just one hour to work on that boy . I 'll get an autopsy order right away . If you touch a knife to that boy , it 'll cost him his life ! Oh , please let him try anything to bring Bob back . We 'll do everything possible , but I tell you now , it 's hopeless . - I 'll call the ambulance . - Doctor ! Now look , that boy trusted me . He put his life into my hands . I 've got to have one hour to work on him . Just one hour . You must ! Not a chance , Doc . Please , it 's Doctor Savaard who 's asking you this . A man whose opinion is honored throughout the world . He 'd never have attempted this unless he could see his way through to the end . You 've got to give him a chance . Oh , come along . Dr. Stoddard , how long have you been a police surgeon ? About 14 years . Calling your attention to the night of May 2nd , were you called by Lieutenant Shane to investigate an occurrence at the clinic of Dr. Savaard ? I was . Would you tell the court what you saw , please ? I found the body of young Roberts in a sort of casket . He was dead and cold . I reported his death to Lieutenant Shane officially , then had the body removed to the morgue for autopsy . In your opinion , could any power on Earth have restored young Roberts to life ? - No . - Thank you . Your witness . Dr. Stoddard , is it not a fact that Dr. Savaard begged you for a chance to restore young Roberts to life , - and that you refused ? - It is . - Why ? - Because the idea was fantastic . Have you never heard of dead persons being revived by drugs ? - Certainly . - That 's all . Dr. Savaard , will you tell the court very simply just what you hoped to accomplish by placing a man in a so-called state of death ? Today , the surgeon is forced to work against time , because the patient still lives and breathes , and the bloodstream is still flowing . But think what it would mean to the surgeon if there were no loss of blood , no race against time , no nerve shock , and no fear of death on the table . It would mean more time for work , work that 's undreamed of today , on the heart , on the brain , on the ... Perhaps the jury may find it a bit difficult to follow that explanation , Doctor . Could you make it even simpler ? To operate on a living body is like trying to repair a motor when it 's still running . But with a motor you can turn the power off . You can take it apart , find out what 's wrong , replace the worn and broken parts , it can be put together and made to run just as good as new . And you hoped to be able to do that with the human body ? But for the treachery of a stupid woman , my discovery would be part of the knowledge of the world today . And you really believe that such a thing would be of great and lasting benefit to humanity ? I can think of nothing nearly so great . This body , this mechanism means nothing . The mind is all that counts . But when the body dies , the mind dies with it . But this we can prevent . So our first great objective is the replacement of vital organs that have worn out . And with the body scientifically dead , the surgery of such operations is simple . But the real secret lies in the pumping of an artificial bloodstream through the body by means of a mechanical heart until the life functions pick up their own rhythm , the heart begins to beat , and life is restored . Oh , believe me , all this and as much more as the mind of man can encompass is ours for the asking when once we 've found the way to make death our servant , and not our master . Think of it . The Edison or the Pasteur of tomorrow need not die merely because his heart is worn out . We 'll give him a new heart , taken , perhaps , from the body of a young man who 's been killed in an automobile accident . And our great genius is awakened to another 60 years of useful life . You ask me if that 's of benefit to mankind ? I answer , it 's the gift of eternal life . But whether man is wise enough or old enough to receive such a gift , I don 't know . I don 't know . That is all . Your witness . I 've enjoyed the lecture very much , Dr. Savaard , but if you don 't mind , let 's return to the object of this trial . Did you or did you not personally , deliberately and with planned purpose , put young Roberts to death ? I 've explained all that . Answer my question . Well , I ... That is , I ... Did you kill him ? Yes , I did . That 's all . The counsel for the defense is asking you to free Dr. Savaard because he killed in the name of science , for a high and noble purpose , for humanity . In Dr. Savaard 's own statement , stripped of its fine phrases and reduced to its actual meaning , it means we 're to butcher our young athletes so their hearts can be used to prolong the life of some doddering old man , preferably a scientist . I assure you , ladies and gentlemen of the jury , Dr. Savaard 's fine ideal would never be permitted in any civilized country . And yet he wants you to set him free so he can continue that kind of experimentation . He wants you to license him to kill young men and women . He wants you to suspend the law and give him the right to go on committing murder without fear of punishment . I have no quarrel with the great army of honest doctors and legitimate scientists who are trying to make life in this world better . I ask only that you stop this one killer in his tracks , and you must do more than merely find him guilty . You must make very sure that no way is left for him to squirm his way out of the hangman 's noose . You must deliver this killer not to a court of appeal , but to the hangman 's noose . You must serve notice to the whole world that the law is still supreme , that human life is still a sacred thing , and that murder , even in the name of science , carries the punishment of death . He killed the boy . He admitted it . What more do you want ? It 's not as though he 'd shot him with a gun . What do we care how he killed him ? The boy agreed to the experiment . It wasn 't murder . How do we know he did ? Ladies , gentlemen , we 're not getting anywhere at this rate . Let 's get your opinions one at a time , and no interruptions . - Mr. Sutton ? - As a 100 % law-abiding citizen , I say let the law take its course and hang him . Men like you have blocked progress for hundreds of years . Mr. Richards ? I don 't think Dr. Savaard is guilty of what we ordinarily consider murder . What do you call it , then ? - Mr. Watkins ? - I say hang him . I say hang him , too . - Mrs. Valentine ? - Couldn 't we give him life imprisonment ? And have his lawyers turn him loose in a few years ? - Not while I 'm on the jury . - Yeah . Dr. Avery ? There 's absolutely no reason why life functions can 't be restored to a body that 's not fatally injured or diseased , providing circulation can be restored . We 're not here to discuss theories , Doctor , but to agree on a verdict of guilty . Or not guilty ! - All in favor of hanging , stand up . - Right . - I 'm standing . - Here I stand . I suppose you 'd pin a medal on Savaard for killing that boy , huh ? Hanging 's too good for him , anybody with an ounce of brains knows that . How can you even turn a man like that loose ? It 's open and shut . Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , have you reached a verdict ? We have , Your Honor . We the jury find the defendant guilty of murder in the first degree , without recommendation for clemency . Your Honor . - Your Honor ! - Order ! Before you condemn me to death , I would like the privilege of addressing this court for two minutes . Request granted . I thank you . You who have condemned me , I know your kind . Your forbears poisoned Socrates , burned Joan of Arc , hanged , tortured all those whose only offense was to bring light into darkness . For you to condemn me in my work is a crime so shameful that the judgment of history will be against you for all the years to come . You , Mr. Prosecutor , are guilty of murdering not only me , but countless thousands who might have lived , had you not destroyed the only man who could save their lives . When your last moment comes , always remember that you killed the one man who could have made your life secure . Although the stupid , unthinking world may approve what you have done , in your heart you know that but for your treachery , the boy you loved would be alive today . If anyone is responsible for his death , you killed him . And for that murder you will live and die in the contempt and loathing of your own heart . When those you love best lie dying , think back to this moment , when you held their salvation in your hands , and threw it away . Always remember that I offered you life and you gave me death . That 'll be all , Dr. Savaard . And you who are about to sentence me , after my death you will be overtaken by a punishment far more terrible than anything that you can do to me . Sentence will be passed on you at 10 : 00 a.m. next Tuesday , the 15th . Take him away . The jury is dismissed . Court adjourned . Come on , give her a break , will you , boys ? Let her alone . Tell me more about it . Here , now . - It 's all so unfair . - Yeah , it 's a rotten shame . Here 's a man who 's spent his whole life trying to do nothing but good , and he gets the works because what he did happens to fit the legal definition of a murder . Do you suppose if I went to the Governor , there 'd be a chance for a pardon ? Look , Janet , nobody can do anything today . So why not shut off the worries ? Sure , I know it 's tough , but you 've gotta get ahold of yourself , or you 'll crack up . Now , isn 't there a nice quiet place you could go where there 'd be someone to look out for you ? Relatives , maybe ? - My Aunt Lucy lives in Baycrest . - Why , that 's swell . It 'll be close enough to run into town if you 're needed , and far enough out to lose the snoopers and curiosity-seekers . Hey , buddy , drive us to Baycrest . On the flat rate . - But my things ... - Send for them . Right now , you 're gonna hide and stay hidden until this thing quiets down . You 've been very nice to me . Oh , forget it . I charge all this to expenses . I don 't mean the money . You 've been my only real friend through all this trouble . How do you know it wasn 't just a gag to get exclusive stories ? I know better than that now . Oh , Dad ! Janet , my dear . You shouldn 't have come here . Now , you mustn 't grieve or be unhappy . Why , you mustn 't even think of me as being dead . I want you to remember me always as being alive and well and happy , just like someone who 's gone away on a pleasant journey . I 've given my body to science , dear . There 'll be no funeral , no grave , and no reminder of my passing . Now , dear , please . Well , I guess they 're about ready to start . I 've seen eight of these hangings , and each one of them gets worse . We get many requests for bodies from you doctors , but naturally , we can 't do anything without consulting the man himself . This is by his request . Dr. Savaard , this man says you instructed him to take your body . - Is that right ? - Of course . I 'm so glad to see you , Dr. Bruchner . Sorry , gentlemen . You 'll have to keep apart . Prison rules . Sorry , I did not understand . Will you sign this release , Dr. Savaard ? I have some very special equipment ready and waiting to perform an interesting experiment , Doctor . One that I am sure you would approve of completely . I approve of anything that is in the interests of science . Goodbye , Dr. Savaard , and thank you . And good luck , Dr. Bruchner . Good evening . It seems strange to see you in such good spirits , Doctor . Strange that I should have no fear of dying ? Well , I have lived so long questioning the unknown that this plunge into its depths is only the last and perhaps the greatest of my experiments . Have you no faith ? As a scientist , I 'm afraid I 'm a professional skeptic who doubts everything , even the certainties . But do you not recognize certain great truths that all men accept ? I 've never found one that would bear analysis . Can 't you conceive of a truth too great for the human mind to analyze ? Tonight , no . But tomorrow I may know better . Okay for you boys to go in now . - Aren 't you coming ? - No , thanks . I can see everything I don 't wanna see from here . It 's time to go . And Dr. Savaard was hanged at State 's Prison for the scientific murder of one of his students . The man of science mounted the scaffold with a firm step , betraying no nervousness . And giving his last message to the world with a clear voice , said , " Though my life be taken , my work will not be left undone . " This is thought to refer to his theories in the hands of his students , and not to the so-called death threat he uttered at the time of his conviction to the nine men and three women who condemned him to die . Sign right here . Thank you . Don 't try to speak . Don 't try to speak . No pain . Can 't move . Paralyzed . No , you 're not . You 're strapped to the table . - Where is instrument ? - Broken . It burst under the pressure . The next one must be much stronger to force open the capillaries closed by rigor mortis . Is the break in my neck very bad ? Not now . But it took desperate surgery to make the repair . It would have been impossible , had you not been dead . Good work , Lang . Congratulations . I only followed your teachings . When you stand once more on the platform , the living proof of your own triumph , the whole world will pay you homage . Never . When they see , they will have to believe . They won 't come to learn , only to stare . I 'll be a freak in a sideshow . Lazarus II . - Fifty cents to look , a dollar to touch . - Please , Doctor , you must rest . Yes , I must rest . Gain strength and power for what I have to do . Boss , take a look at that . Yes , it 's all been attended to . " The body of Harley Ross , 40 , well-known local businessman , " was found late last night by police officers . " No reason was ascribed for the suicide . " Mr. Ross chose death by hanging himself . " - Well , what about it ? - Well , does it mean anything to you ? - No . - Well , look at this one . Two weeks ago , Ramsay Leith , salesman . Another suicide , also by hanging . I still don 't get the point . What are you driving at ? Here 's another one about Graham Duff . Hanged himself over a month ago . Ahead of him was Percy Shore , and here 's two more . Six of them , all by hanging . So , over a period of time six guys hanged themselves . - What about it ? - Nothing , boss , nothing . Except all six of them were on the Savaard jury . All six were on the ... What ? Somebody 's paying off for what happened to Savaard . And six of the jurors are gone already . Scoop , drop everything and go to work . Get hold of all the remaining Savaard jurors . Get statements , work up the biggest story you can get . " Is the Savaard curse working ? " Get the DA , the judge , and everybody else he threatened . - Statements , pictures , the whole works . - Okay . And make it weird , make it dramatic . And make it snappy . Right . Hello . Hello . Funny , none of these people answer . They can 't all be hiding under their beds . You know , there 've been a lot of cases where a curse actually did work out . Hello , I 'd like to speak to Mr. Kearney , please . He went where ? Are you sure ? Thanks . Kearney 's wife said he got a summons from Judge Bowman who tried Savaard , to meet him at Savaard 's house . Maybe that 's why none of the others are home . The Judge probably called them all . Here , call the rest of these , will you , and see what you can find out . Long distance , Baycrest , 732 . Yeah , it 's official business . I wanna talk to Janet Savaard . I can 't imagine why Judge Bowman should call anyone there . The house is locked up and I 've got the keys . Hold on a minute , will you ? Get ahold of Lieutenant Shane at Headquarters . Listen , Janet , I haven 't much time to explain , but there 's something funny going on out at the house . No , don 't go out there . Stay out of it . I 'll investigate and call you back later . Goodbye . Okay . Lieutenant Shane 's gone out to Dr. Savaard 's house . That 's where I 'm going . If I 'm not back for the deadline , call out the Marine . I 'm Mr. Foley . I 'd like to see Judge Bowman , please . - Have you an invitation , sir ? - No , but I 've got a message from his office . A matter of utmost importance that I must deliver to him immediately in person . The Judge hasn 't arrived yet , sir . I have strict orders to admit no one without an invitation . Sorry , sir . Good evening , Your Honor . Remember me ? I 'm Scoop Foley of the Tribune . - Oh , yes , of course . - What 's the meeting for , Judge ? Meeting ? Yes , you called all these people here tonight , didn 't you ? Why , no . As a matter of fact , I received a telegram signed by Janet Savaard , asking me to meet her here on a matter of life and death . Well , that 's funny . I talked to her just a little while ago , and she didn 't know anything about the meeting . Well , we 'll soon find out what this is about . If this is someone 's idea of a practical joke , we 'll soon correct their viewpoint . - I 'm Judge Bowman . - May I see your invitation , please ? You may come in , sir . I 'm sorry , sir . I can 't let you in . Those are my orders . - I 'll give the orders . Let him in . - Very good , sir . In there , please . Good evening , Your Honor . What 's the idea , Judge ? Are we reopening the Savaard case ? - What brought you here ? - A telegram signed by you . I sent no telegram , issued no orders . - Good evening , Judge . - Why , hello , Judge . Good evening , Judge Bowman . I presume you 've all been called here by messages supposedly sent by me ? - Yes . - Yeah . I was served with a court order . - Well , so was I. - Mine was a wire . - Mine also . - I got a wire , too . Let me see them . All fakes . - This is insane . - Extraordinary . Get the butler . No , you don 't . You stick around , too . Evidently , we 're the objects of someone 's practical joke . I 'll guarantee them very little laughter when we find out who 's responsible . - Well , I hope so . - Me , too . Yes , sir ? - Who is your employer ? - I don 't know , sir . Are you trying to tell us you don 't know who hired you ? That 's right , sir . We were engaged through the employment agency and given orders to come here with food and service for nine persons . But who let you in ? A key was sent with our instructions , sir . We let ourselves in . - Who else is in this house ? - Nobody , sir . That is , nobody that we know of . What were your instructions ? " You will arrive not later than 5 : 00 p.m. " Prepare a cold buffet for the following persons , " who will bear the following identifications . " Everyone named on this list is here . - That will be all . - Thank you , sir . I was supposed to go to a business meeting . What time did you receive your telegram ? - Oh , about 3 : 30 or 4 : 00 . - That 's about the time I received mine . Hello ? I understand . Yes , sir . Well , if you 're smart , you 'll scram out of this place faster than you came in . Six of the Savaard jurors have been killed already , and you 're here to get the rub-out as sure as you 're alive . You 're crazy . Okay , wise guy , but I still say scatter , and scatter fast . - Maybe he 's right . Come on . - No , he 's just dreaming up headlines ... Surely you wouldn 't leave without speaking to your host ? Judge Bowman , I can 't tell you how glad I am to see you again . I trust you 'll forgive the unauthorized use of your name to effect this little gathering ? You can understand it would have been indiscreet to use my own . Shane . And Kearney . Good evening , Mr. Drake . Still skeptical , my police surgeon friend ? You can 't be Dr. Savaard . He 's dead . As you perhaps know , hanging breaks the neck . Would you be professionally interested in seeing how it is repaired ? - How did you do it ? - Too long a story to tell you now . Perhaps , if you 're still interested , at dinner with ... You 'll join me in a cocktail , won 't you ? Dr. Savaard ! Alive ! My only regret is that your fiancé is not here as a living proof of his faith in me . - Well , what do you think now ? - He wouldn 't invite us here to kill us . That 'd be sticking his neck out too far . Yeah ? Well , I 've got an uncomfortable hunch that we 're the ones behind the eight ball , not Dr. Savaard . Allow me . - No . - Oh , come . You 're not working for me now . I happen to know you like sherry . No . I want to try something . - Dr. Savaard , my name is Foley . - I know . Scoop Foley . The young man who gets into places without an invitation . Well , that 's my job . Now look , haven 't you forgotten some of the jurors ? There was Dr. Avery and ... And Mr. Richards and Miss Forsythe , who fought for over 60 hours in my defense . I 've no need of them here tonight . - I see . Thanks . - Not at all . Won 't you join me in a cocktail ? Thanks , no . I never drink . Well , what 'd I tell you ? What can he do ? We outnumber him eight to one . Well , won 't anybody drink with me ? I assure you they 're not poisoned . I 'm sorry , Doctor , but my time is limited . If you have anything to say , I 'll hear you now . As a matter of fact , Dr. Savaard , we have more business with you than you have with us . About those six jurors who mysteriously died . My dear Mr. District Attorney , your law is shockingly bad . I have the perfect alibi . I am legally dead . Your business is with the living . - lf you have nothing to say , I 'll be going . - One moment , please . I asked you all here because there 's a plot afoot against your lives . That same fiend who killed the six unfortunate jurors plans to take your lives tonight . Why should you want to protect me ? I 'll explain all that at dinner . Shall we go in ? I 'm afraid all this is rather informal . I hope you found your places . Miss Crawford , you are here on my right . Allow me . I thought it best to dispense with the servants , so I dismissed them . Oh , do sit down , please , all of you . May I offer you some pheasant , Mr. Shane ? No , thank you . How were you brought back to life ? I thought I described the method very thoroughly in your courtroom . Won 't you try some pheasant , Judge Bowman ? Mr. Drake ? Did you know all along you 'd be able to do this ? I gambled that my assistant , Lang , could bring me back . And here I am , not only alive , but beyond the reach of any law . Six jurors have been killed . But what public officer would dare suggest that Henryk Savaard was guilty of the crimes when all the world knows that Henryk Savaard is dead ? Did you kill them ? My dear Shane , and if I did , and if I decided to kill all of you tonight , who would believe that I had done it ? Oh , by the way , your place cards are rather amusing . If you care to glance at them , you 'll find something to your disadvantage . In this corner is a figure which gives you the order in which you are to die tonight . And in this corner , the exact time . You will be the first , Judge Bowman , at exactly 7 : 00 . In fact , you have a trifle less than two minutes to live . The man 's insane ! - Put him under arrest and lock him up . - Come on . Judge Bowman , if you attempt to leave this house , it will be the last act of your life . Judge Bowman , do not leave this house . Come on . - He 's dead . - Well , what killed him ? No marks of any kind . Might be heart failure . The grille 's charged with electricity ! You 're telling me . 7 : 00 . Right on the dot . He knew the surest way to drive Bowman into that grille was to forbid him to leave . Hey , where is Savaard ? Cover the back door , through the kitchen . Yell if you see anything . Boilerplate , eh ? I ran into the same thing . The window . More boilerplate . Don 't look now , but I think we 're trapped . May I have your attention , please ? All the doors and windows that you can reach have been sealed , and there is no way for you to leave this house . You will now be punished for your disbelief in the order and the time stated on your place cards . Judge Bowman was taken first out of deference to the exalted office he adorned . The foreman of the jury , Clifford Kearney , who worked so hard to convict me , will be taken next , in recognition of his untiring efforts to secure my death . It 'll do you no good to search for me . You can never reach me where I am , but I can and will reach you , once every 15 minutes . At 7 : 15 , Mr. Kearney , you will die . Until then , goodbye , Mr. Kearney . He can 't do this ! You gotta protect me ! You 've worked in this house , miss . Where could he get to from here ? Almost anywhere . Well , he couldn 't have gotten through any of the doors . Isn 't there any way to the balcony except the stairway ? Yes , it connects with the back of the house . Oh , that 's blocked . The grille cuts us off . - I tell you , you gotta get me out of here ! - Take it easy . Getting panicky is not going to help us any . If we could get through that grille and reach the front door , one of us could get to a phone and ... Wait a minute . Look , there 's an extension wire . It runs down on the baseboard and right in here , see ? And across there . Dead . I hope you don 't think me stupid enough to leave you any means of calling help . Can you hear me ? Please don 't shout , Mr. Drake . I can hear and see you perfectly . - And what is it ? - We 'll be missed . People know where we 've gone . They 'll find us . They 'll find you , too , no matter where you go or try to hide . Aren 't you being a little ridiculous , Mr. District Attorney ? What sane police officer would dare even whisper that what they 'll find here tonight might be the work of a dead man ? Oh , no , Mr. Drake , my alibi is perfect . Have you forgotten ? I was hanged three months ago . And now , Mr. Kearney , time is flying . May I draw your attention to the clock ? What time is it ? What 's the time ? 7 : 10 by my watch . Only five minutes left . We 've wasted it all by talking . - Get me out of here ! Get me out of here ! - Take it easy . We gotta protect him somehow . Now look , Bowman was tricked into killing himself . It 's a cinch Savaard isn 't coming down here alone to face all eight of us . Let 's get in the middle of the room away from the balcony , away from everything , and form a circle around him . Now you 're talking . And if he so much as shows his face out of anywhere , I won 't miss . You 'd better get inside , too , miss . No , I 'll take my chances out here where I have room . Well , all right . Join hands , everybody . Face out and watch your side of the room . What time is it now ? Can anyone see the clock ? He may turn out the lights . Don 't let go of your neighbor 's hand no matter what happens . Quiet everyone . Don 't move , so we can hear if anyone 's coming . I thought you said the phone was dead . Sometimes you can call in when you can 't call out . - That may be a chance to get help . - Don 't break the circle . It may be a trick . If it 's an outside call , we 're throwing our lives right down the sink by not answering it . Let me loose . I 'll answer it , and the rest of you keep the circle . All right . Hello ? Who ? Mr. Kearney ? Yes . Who 's calling , please ? Mr. Cantrell ? Cantrell 's my business partner . He was expecting me at the meeting tonight . Stay where you are ! Tell him to call the police . Mr. Cantrell , listen closely . Call the police and tell them Dr. Savaard is alive in his house . He 's already killed Judge Bowman , and he 's gonna kill the rest of us . It 's on the level , I tell you . Here , you talk to him and make him believe it . Mr. Kearney , don 't touch that phone . Don 't let him bluff you , Kearney . Hello , Frank . Listen . Listen to me . Frank , can you hear me ? What 's that ? Well , speak louder . I can 't hear you ... - Look at that ! - What is it , a needle ? Must have worked on a spring inside the receiver . However it worked , it pierced right into his brain through the ear . Don 't touch that point unless you 're eager to leave before your time . The poison is very active . You can put the phone back into the drawer . I 'll not need it again this evening . Miss Elizabeth Crawford . For your distinguished treachery that caused two deaths , you will be the next to die . Over my dead body . That is easily arranged , Mr. Shane . He must be up there somewhere . You 're quite right , Mr. Shane . But you 'll never reach me . Come on , fellows , give me a hand with that table . Over under the balcony . Move him out of the way . Stop where you are . If you think we 're just gonna sit here and take it , you 're crazy . Come on , fellows . Give me that chair . Stop ! I warn you , don 't jump for that railing . Let me up there . I 'm not on his list . You are now , Mr. Reporter . I can 't leave anyone alive to tell what happened here tonight . It 's your move , gentlemen . Stand back , everybody . Just as I thought . The railing 's loaded with high voltage , too . Well , that 's that . You 're quite correct . It makes no difference what you do . You 're completely at my mercy . In 13 minutes Miss Crawford will die . Goodbye , Miss Crawford . - What 's that ? - Somebody 's at the front door . - It 's a trick . - Suppose it isn 't ? Yeah , that 's what you said about the phone . Janet , don 't touch that grille . It 's charged with high voltage . Beat it for the nearest phone and call the police . Hurry , before it 's too late . Hurry . He 's already killed Judge Bowman . - Killed Judge Bowman ? - Yes , Dr. Savaard . He 's alive . My father ? But it can 't be . - We 've seen him and talked to him . - He 's trying to kill us one at a time . - Where is he now ? - Upstairs somewhere . We can 't get at him . Janet , don 't ! Janet , keep away from him . Dad . What brought you here ? You are alive . What brought you here ? Dad , Dad . Oh , Janet , my darling . What are you going to do with that gun ? - You must leave here at once . - Did you kill Judge Bowman ? - He killed himself . - Dad , why did you do it ? Are you gonna throw this miracle away only for a cheap revenge ? Not revenge , retribution . But why anything ? Isn 't your mere presence alive rebuke enough ? You only have to show yourself and the world will beg your forgiveness . Not this world of savage cruelty . We gave them wings to fly , and they rained death on us . We gave them a voice to be heard around the world , and they preach hatred to poison the minds of nations . Even the medicine we gave them to ease their pain is turned into a vice to enslave half mankind for the profit of a few . Oh , Janet dear , don 't you see ? Every gift that science has given them has been twisted into a thing of hate and greed . But not this one . That instrument is perfect , the secret of eternity . But it dies with me after I 've made them pay for all they made me suffer . The shame , the months in prison , the hopelessness , the hideous waiting , knowing the exact hour and moment of the end . Dad , you 're not the man that said goodbye to me . They killed the man I was . All that 's left is the will to hate and to destroy . Now go . All right . Don 't try to send for the police to help these people . It 's useless . Now , those switches control the lower floor , the grille , the railing , the telephone , everything . And if there 's any interference , I have only to throw that switch to destroy them all instantly . But after this is over they 'll hunt you down , no matter where you hide . Oh , no , they won 't . All the clues I 'm leaving point to Lang . They 'll hunt for him , but they won 't find him . Lang is dead . You ... You killed Lang ? He threatened to expose my plan to destroy these people . I had to . - And you 'd kill me too if I tried to interfere . - Oh , Janet . You 're the only thing in my life that 's never hurt me . You 've never brought me anything but happiness . I don 't want anything to hurt you , ever . - So go away from here , away from me . - No , I 'm not going . Janet , I have no time . You must go now , or stay here till the end . I 'm not going . Then stay out of my way until this is over . Dad , you don 't know what you 're doing . - Janet , you must . You must . - Dad , wait , wait ! Let me out ! Let me out ! Let me out ! So , you thought you could escape me by turning out the lights , huh ? So , there you are . You make a beautiful target , Miss Crawford . What have you done with Janet ? She 's perfectly safe . I only kill my enemies . In just a few seconds , the clock will begin to strike . No ! Let me out ! Let me out ! Dad , come and let me out ! Let me out ! Dad , let me out ! Please come and let me out ! Please let me out ! Dad , let me out ! Let me out ! Oh , I can 't stand it ! - Are you all right ? - I 'm all right . Nice going , kid . I wanted to spare you all this , Janet . - You 'll go now ? - Yes . It 's better that way . Goodbye . Go , dear . You will please not endanger my daughter 's safety by making any foolish appeals . I am sending her away to spare her any unnecessary shock or pain . - Are you all right ? - She 's quite unharmed . Miss Savaard , when you get out , call my office , tell them what 's happening . My daughter may call anyone , because her discovery of what is happening here has made it necessary for me to change my plans . I can no longer wait and to kill you one by one . As soon as she is out of this house and her car has left the driveway , I 'll end this matter for all of you at once . Janet , get away before he changes his mind . - We 'll get out of here somehow . - We 'll be all right . Your pity is wasted , Janet . Nothing can save them . - Dad , can you see me ? - I can see every move you make . - Dad , can you see my hand ? - Yes . I 'm going to open this grille . Janet , don 't touch that grille ! You only have to throw a switch to save my life . - I 'm going to open this grille . - Don 't ! Don 't ! What happens now is for you to decide . The juice is off . Break through the grille . - How does it open ? Get a light , somebody . - I got a flashlight . Hold it so I can see . This time I 'm not gonna let go for anybody . - Save Janet . - She 's beyond saving , thanks to you . Get her upstairs . The laboratory . The heart will save her . - Do as he says . - Yeah , let 's go . The heart 's picking up . It 's getting stronger . Turn off the machine . Disconnect . Sterilize . Bandage her arm . - Is she all right ? - Yes . It 's a miracle . Believe now , Doctor ? - Dad . - It 's all right , Janet . You 're through the faint of the excitement . Take her away . She must rest . We better call an ambulance . He 'll need it . I 'll do it . You stick here . Drake . - Get Dr. Stoddard . - Sure . Dr. Savaard ! Don 't ! Why did you destroy it ?
