 SPACE VOYAGE a science fiction story Dedicated to the renowned scientist and this film 's consultant K.E.Tsiolkovsky MOSFlLM 1935 lt took place in Moscow in the summer of 1946 when the famous astro-physicist Sedych decided to fly to the Moon the USSR Tsiolkovskiy All-Union Institute of interplanetary Communication Victor Orlov - a post-graduate student at the Institute Andriusha - his brother EXPRESS TELEGRAM Staggered at Sedych 's decision to fly to the Moon . Lost his mind . Detain him . Will bring proof . KARIN Marina - professor Karin 's assistant - Let 's go to the hangar . We 'll analyze it over there - You 'd be better off going to school ! Faster ! The Constructor of the First Rocketplane Academician Pavel lvanovitch Sedych - How many times have I to tell you - no filming until I 'm back from the Moon - lt 's bad to be so bothersome - l sympathize with you - popularityis awfully tiring ! - l 'm also an inventor ! - My invention - the catapult with telescopic aim - former simple boy 's catapult - That 's amazing ! Let 's go - l 'll show you my invention - Yeah ! This is wonderful ! The passengers ' cabin - central part of the Rocketplane 's steering - What a lucky man you are ! You 'll be the first man on the Moon - The oxygen apparatus is ready for the flight Director of the Institute 's Experimental Department - Professor Karin EXPRESS TELEGRAM Staggered at Sedych 's decision to fly to the Moon . Lost his mind . Detain him . Will bring proof . KARIN - So where is your proof ? - Here 's the brilliant proof 100 thousand kilometres from the Earth ... and its heart couldn 't take the strain ! - But I 'm not a rabbit , my friend ! - You 're an old man though ! - Until my experimental rockets give a signal from the Moon I won 't allow you to risk your life - We can 't risk the life of such a prominent man - We can 't risk the life of such a prominent man That evening the prof . Karin 's rocket Ή 128 was setting off to the Moon ... with the new test object aboard - a pussycat - These experiments can last forever - Victor ! Let 's fly ourselves and open the way to Space ! It was the night of the space voyage and the last preparations were under way At the Sedych 's house everyone was preparing for the Voyage - Why are you packing so many things , darling ? - Listen to me ! I can 't keep quiet anymore ! - There 's a whole conspiracy against you - Karin has been plotting with Victor to stop you flying to the Moon ! - And Victor ? - Mother always called Victor a cry-baby - l 'd be ready to go with you anywhere you wanted ! Comrade on Duty ! Let these young astronauts through to the hangar . Sedych . - And where are you going ? - To the Moon ! - You don 't even get through to the starting area - Don 't excite your Mummy , I 'll bring you a present from the Moon That night Prof. Karin was waiting for the landing flash of the Rocket Ή 128 - Get ready - a few minutes to go ! Comrade on Duty ! Let these young astronauts through to the hangar . Sedych . - The Starting Brigade - take your places ! - The rocket Ή 128 has disappeared ! - Pavel lvanovitch ! - We won 't allow you to fly there ... ! - Crew ! Get ready ! - Marina ! I suggest you fly with me to the Moon - To the Moon ! ? - l 'm ready ! - Pavel ... you 're insane ... STOP ! - Andriusha ! I 'm flying ! - My old man is flying to the Moon . The temperature there is - 270 degrees ... but he 's forgotten his warm felt boots ! - Forward into Space ! ! - And Long Live Youth ! - Do what you want with me but I 'm not leaving . Before the start the Crew immersed themselves in special baths to avoid fatal jolts from the blast-off In the 5th minute of the flight Sedych switched off the rocket-fires and at that very moment the austronauts became weightless - Be careful ! - Mind you 're weightless ! - Bravely ! - What a wonderful feeling it is ! - l want to fly to you but fly back ! - What a world without weight ! - Let 's open the portholes and start observing ! - Aim more accurately ! - There it is - Our Moon ! The landing time was approaching . Astronomers were waiting for a flash from the rocketplane as agreed The moon was getting nearer - Get into the baths ! - Quick to the porthole ! - The Moon ! On 9th August dressed in impenetrable costumes supplied with oxygen apparatus the Austronauts went out onto the airless Moon Radio equipment gave them the possibility to communicate with each other - Where 's the Earth ? - We landed on the side of the Moon which can never be seen from the Earth - What 's there to think about ? - Let 's start the rockets and fly over to the opposite side - But the oxygen supply is only enough for the way back - l dont 't want to risk it - Make all the preparations for the signal flash and I 'll go and explore - You know - l haven 't slept for 48 hours ! - Then eat smth. and go to bed quickly - lt 's hard - going out there - But at least I 've seen the Earth ! - Pavel lvanovitch ! - lt seems the oxygen tank is damaged ! An unexpected accident - our return is under threat - We have to tell Earth that we have reached the Moon - let 's send the signal straight away ! - Let the boy sleep - this journey has been beyond his strenght - Marina ! I haven 't slept so well in ages ! An unexpected accident - our return is under threat - Comrades ! - We 've had an accident on board but you conceal it from me ! - You 're going to send the signal without me ! - Am I a small boy ? - The Earth ! - And where is Pavel lvanovitch ? - Pavel lvanovitch ! ! - Pavel lvanovitch ! ! - Hold on , Marina ! the expedition is not over yet ! - Quick to the telescopes - the Moon ! USSR - Let 's search - quickly ! - Pavel lvanovitch ! ! - Pavel lvanovitch ! ! - What are the flashes over there ? - Pavel lvanovitch ! - The rocket H 128 is signaling . it means the pussycat is alive ! - Pavel lvanovitch ! - Marina ! His radio - he is near - Look - these are my catapult 's balls - We 've signaled to the Earth ! - We 've got an answer ! - What is this white stuff ? - ls it snow ? ! - No - these are frozen remains of the Moon 's atmosphere - They 'll replace our lost oxygen - You collect the atmosphere and I 'll help the pussycat ! Many days have passed since the signal from the Moon . The rocketplane hasn 't returned . The decision has been made to send a second interplanetary giant on a voyage - The first austronauts have paved the way to Space - They reached the Moon but some obstacle won 't allow them to come back home - We 'll reach the Moon and all return together ! - Give these flowers to Andriusha ! - Look - a rocket is landing with parachutes ! - lt 's them ! ! ! - And where is the 4th passenger ? - The pussycat ! ... - Alive ! ! - So professor Karin , as you see the Moon has been reached and our hearts still intact - Comrades ! The Experimental Space Voyage is complete ! - The way to Space has been opened ! The end
