 Hello . This is Scott MacQueen , and we 're about to watch the perfect horror movie , James Whale 's 1935 Universal production of Bride of Frankenstein . Wanting nothing to do with a sequel to his 1931 film Frankenstein , James Whale responded to the inevitable with style , wit and production value . He extracted the absolute best in concept and craft from his cast and technical staff . Every department excels under a director who knew exactly the effect he wanted : An opera of the macabre , distilling ideas and fusing imagery of a myriad antecedents , instilling them with subtext and theme . Mastery , control and purpose inform every frame of this remarkable film . A stellar cast of largely British principals is amended at the bottom with " The Monster 's Mate " played by ... a question mark . The servant walking Lord Byron 's hounds is Irish actress Una O 'Connor . We 'll meet her again in her principal role as Minnie , housekeeper of Castle Frankenstein . This whimsical doubling foreshadows that of actress Elsa Lanchester . In an hour or so , we 'll meet Elsa as the monster 's bride . Here she is as Mary Godwin . The cast list notwithstanding , she 's not Mary Shelley yet . The prologue was conceived by Whale and first written by Edmund Pearson . Pearson created anachronisms , as he put it , " for the benefit of the censors " . In historical reality , English poet Percy Shelley abandoned his wife Harriet and their two children to live abroad with his lover , Mary Godwin . Mary bore their love child , William . They wed only after Harriet 's convenient suicide , coincident with the publication of Frankenstein in 1818 - its author also anonymous , like the cipher in the Universal cast list . Originally , the prologue celebrated the naughty behaviour of its principals . " We are all three infidels , scoffers at marriage ties , believing only in living fully and freely " stated Mary in dialogue cut from the prologue - along with lingering views of Elsa 's décolletage . When Mary refers to " such an audience " , she doesn 't mean her reading public , but her circle of friends . Contract player Frank Lawton was considered to play Shelley . David Niven tested for the part , but was rejected . Screenwriter John Balderston worked the prologue into his second draft , but only in William Hurlbut 's final script was the precision achieved that makes Bride of Frankenstein so memorable . Eight writers worked on it , but the story and language of Bride of Frankenstein is ultimately due almost entirely to William Hurlbut and James Whale . This shot of the funeral cortege was the original opening of Frankenstein , curiously still missing from prints today . As originally recorded , Franz Waxman 's music for the prologue ran 5 ¾ minutes , indicating that the sequence has been trimmed by nearly two minutes . Waxman scored the prologue as salon music of the early 19th century , utilising strings and celeste to create a delicate minuet in A-B-C-A form : Statement , development , followed by a scherzo as the original picture 's horrors are relived in flashback . The scherzo is a minor-key desyncopated variation of the minuet . At each depiction of the monster is sounded a nine-note ascending / descending chromatic run , patterned on the monster 's growl . It will recur as a danger motif several times in the score , usually in conjunction with a five-tone third-interval motif for the monster . The motif that we heard in the main title is saved for Karloff 's first entrance . That was Torben Meyer being throttled by the monster - the only new footage in the flashback . Meyer played the Danish tenant in Universal 's Murders in the Rue Morgue . Some thought the prologue immaterial . Film editor Ted Kent argued for its complete elimination . As the flashback ends , the demure 'A ' section of the minuet returns . The anticipatory mood is reflected as the violins play the minuet col legno , tapping the wood of their bows on the strings . The metre slows , the musical phrase fails to complete , the key changes to minor with drawn strings . In what period and place is this story occurring ? Post-Tesla generators , telephonic electrical devices and 1930s marcelled hairstyles will coexist with a peasantry by Brueghel . Burgomasters and serfs with Teutonic names like Hans and Karl speak in accents hailing from Glasgow , County Cork and Pasadena . Quote : " I 've taken the rest of the story far into the future and made use of developments which science will someday know , 100 years to come " , said Mary Shelley in dialogue removed from the prologue , rationalising an alternate universe peppered with anachronisms . Gilbert and Sullivan 's The Mikado takes place in a Japan that is suspiciously like Victorian England . In similar fashion , the English-born Whale has created a Goldstadt that is really a British never-never land . Several 1935 press squibs actually stated that the locale for the picture is England . In a contemporary interview , Whale explained . " The whole of the theatre , both stage and screen , is unreal , and if , for 1 ½ hours , the audience can be transported into a strange atmosphere in which unnatural things happen , but appear to happen naturally and believably , the object of the film producer is accomplished . " " While the intention is a thrilling melodrama " , states a production note , " it is punctuated by the comedy of the burgomaster and the housekeeper , who voice the scepticism of the audience in the manner of The Invisible Man . " Whale knew during the writing who would play these two . Essentially reprising their roles from that 1933 film are Whale favourites EE Clive as the burgomaster and Una O 'Connor as Minnie , the housekeeper . The parts were written for these specific performers . The unforgettable role of Dr Pretorius was apparently tailored for Claude Rains . It is not known why Rains bowed out . According to later studio memos , he declined the Basil Rathbone part in Son of Frankenstein because it was a horror picture . Ernest Thesiger , another Whale favourite , filled the gap , dramatically changing the movie 's orbit . The old Baron Frankenstein , referred to here , is never mentioned again . In the preview version , the news of Henry 's alleged death did the old man in . The baron wasn 't shown , but the priest and altar boys attending last rites were , and they can still be found in one or two production stills . The parents of Maria , the child drowned in the original film , are played by Reginald Barlow and Mary Gordon . Michael Mark , the father in Frankenstein , was called Ludwig . Reginald Barlow , here called Hans , appeared in the concurrent Werewolf of London as the estate caretaker , Timothy . Upon reviewing the November 30th , 1934 , shooting script , Joseph Breen , the omnipotent censor of the Production Code Administration , wrote the studio " We counted ten separate scenes in which the monster either strangles or tramples people to death - this in addition to murders by secondary characters . " " Such a great amount of slaughter is unwise , and we recommend earnestly that you do something about toning this down . " Whale balked : " Kill them all . Let Breen sort them out . " Whale 's first cut contained no less than 21 deaths either committed or alluded to . After Breen 's sorting , the casualty rate plummeted to a mere ten confirmed decedents . Franz Waxman 's famous five-note motif for the monster , usually played by brass , provides the backbone of the score , and will recur in various guises and developments , including flutter tonguing for danger and harmon mutes for comic effect . As developed , it comments both on the creature and other characters ' reactions to him . Poor Mary Gordon is Hans ' wife . Her Mrs Hudson suffered for years the eccentricities of Basil Rathbone in the Sherlock Holmes films . The Scottish-born actress is tossed into the cistern here by Boris Karloff , and would be throttled by Lon Chaney in The Mummy 's Tomb . She survived a rematch with Karloff in The Body Snatcher , only to see Boris bludgeon her wee doggie and steal her son 's corpse . That 's Hollywood for you . Jack Pierce brilliantly extrapolated Karloff 's make-up in Bride , creating several stages of distress and regeneration , all in narrative continuity . The wounded monster healed progressively . Karloff seems fleshier because he is more padded than in the first film . The need to speak means that he does not remove his dental plate this time , forfeiting the cadaverous sunken cheek . Nor did Pierce paint him with as many hollows . The hollow in the monster 's cheek became an annoying grace note until , in Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man , it looked like Bela Lugosi 's monster and Ilona Massey 's heroine both sported duelling beauty marks . Elizabeth , the true bride of Frankenstein , played by a 17-year-old Valerie Hobson - truly a child bride . Whale would have liked Mae Clarke , his original , but her frail health by 1935 made this impossible . D 'Arcy Corrigan , who plays the morgue attendant in Murders in the Rue Morgue , delivers the bad news to Valerie . He is flanked by the family of Whale 's longtime companion David Lewis . His mother , Fanny Levy , is the chubby peasant , his father , Pon Levy , the stout , bearded man . David 's sister , Leah Bishan , is the sweet-faced girl blinking back tears . Leah 's daughter recalls Uncle Jimmy helping the Levys survive the Depression with extra work in Bride , One More River and The Road Back . How soon after Frankenstein was a sequel planned ? According to Robert Florey , that film 's disinvited director , almost immediately . Florey submitted an unsolicited seven-page treatment , which was returned to him without comment in February 1932 . Frankenstein hit , a money machine , and Carl Laemmle Junior wanted more . James Whale refused , finding the entire premise repellent . Former newspaperman Tom Reed wrote a sequel in June and July 1933 , floating random chunks of the Shelley novel into his own mindless stew . The now-educated monster demands a mate , killing Elizabeth for body parts . Henry destroys himself and his creatures . The old baron , written as the grumpy Frederick Kerr from the first film , monopolises the first half of the script until the monster mercifully chokes him . Then bad comedy with villagers , the bishop , a gay dance-instructor , take over . Henry steals the legs of Frau von Hassenbagovitz from a pompous undertaker 's embalming room , he ambulance-chases a train wreck to scavenge body parts , and steals the hydrocephalic head of a suicided circus giantess to build the bride . A glimmer or two emerge from the dross to be retained - the monster seeing his reflection in a pool , his education in speech , the befriending of a blind man , the mate , the destruction of the lab , and the thematic seed of religious piety . Josef Berne and Morton Coyne prepared an independent treatment based on Reed 's material that was equally uneventful . By September 1933 , Kurt Neumann was announced to direct , but the returns on The Invisible Man made Whale the obvious commercial - protesting - choice . " They 've had a script prepared " , he told The Invisible Man 's writer , RC Sherriff , " and it stinks to heaven . " Whale was preparing One More River with Sherriff , a property Whale was passionate about , but that made the Laemmles yawn . A bargain was made : One for James , one for the Laemmles . Whale resigned himself to the sequel . Two original treatments were evolved independently by mystery writers Lawrence Blochman and Philip MacDonald , in December 1933 . Blochman 's treatment seems partially inspired by Todd Browning 's 1932 film Freaks . Henry and Elizabeth , incognito , have joined a travelling carnival as puppeteers . They re-enact the monster 's drama with marionettes . All the carnival oddities have spouses and lovers - even Emma , the lion tamer , who boasts about how she beats her husband even as she dallies with Fifi , the giantess . Enter the monster , wanting a love match . The bride is produced in a carnival wagon and the enraged monster dies in the jaws of Emma 's lions . Philip MacDonald 's story was absolutely up to date , equally original as Blochman 's and equally useless . War clouds over Europe , and Henry has developed his delta death ray , that he wishes to sell to the League of Nations as a deterrent to war . Henry has neglected his sickly wife Elizabeth , over whom family friend Victor Moritz is still spooning . A nocturnal demonstration of the ray inadvertently revives the monster , and a second exposure gives him superhuman strength . The monster plays with the apparatus ' dials like a child , inadvertently raining death and destruction across Europe , decimating whole cities . A remorseful Henry apologises to his creature , vaporises him with the ray , and then immolates himself in its beam . It was written that Elizabeth 's vision would be a classical grim reaper , a ghost of Christmas yet-to-come , bearing a strong whiff of the monster . It would have been dangerous to go over the top so early on , with so many fancies yet to come . Far better to drop the other shoe with the arrival of Dr Pretorius , a literal figure of death . We 're ready for our wake-up call , Dr P. Promethean hubris drives the story - or this telling of it . Henry rationalises his blasphemy by conjecturing that his actions are part of the divine plan : The devil didn 't make him do it , God did . Having created a shambling revenant with unpredictable powers , Frankenstein refuses to take responsibility for its care or destruction . Whale was a man of absolutely no religious convictions , according to his biographer , James Curtis . It is fashionable to view the religious parable and Christ imagery in Bride of Frankenstein as mocking , and to attribute it to Whale 's nonconformity . This view assumes the fey Dr Pretorius is the director 's absolute alter ego , and that the godless reprobate represents an alternative to the vulgar Philistines of Goldstadt . As the movie unfolds , I will suggest that the story 's thesis is larger . His entrance here is yet another one of Whale 's bravura stage entrances . Several pages of dialogue , eliminated here , made it clear that this is an old acquaintance . Pretorius had been Henry 's teacher at school , passing on his forbidden Promethean knowledge . Henry 's indiscretions in monstermaking had been traced to the doctor , causing Pretorius to be sacked . Pretorius also made it clear that the monster is most likely immortal . The invisible man merely dreamt of walking into the holy of holies . Dr Pretorius has done it , and stolen God 's fire . Like all worthy devils , Pretorius is magnetic . He fascinates us with wit , intelligence , self-assurance . He tempts us by giving voice to our worst impulses . He controls destiny , irresponsibly and without consequence . Disdainful of women , contemptuous of mankind and God , utterly self-absorbed , ingenuous about vice , Pretorius is literally one hell of a guy . He is the climax of a noble line of cinematic Mephistos that include Mr Scratch in All That Money Can Buy and Emil Jannings ' primordial Mephistopheles in FW Murnau 's Faust . The return of Frankenstein malingered while Whale shot One More River and developed A Trip To Mars , which was ultimately abandoned . He asked RC Sherriff to work on the sequel of Frankenstein , but Sherriff refused , as he said , " to spend his summer writing pulp " . Whale conceived a prologue with Mary Shelley as a frame , and Edmund Pearson wrote the earliest treatment . Whale hired John Balderston , coauthor of the Dracula and Frankenstein plays , and coauthor of the film The Mummy . Now Hollywood 's horror specialist , Balderston would contribute to such films as Mad Love , Dracula 's Daughter and Mark of the Vampire . Raised in the Quaker faith , John Balderston balanced grim brutality and equally grim religious moralising in his stories . He worked through June and July 1934 on a workmanlike but unmagical script that supplies a road map but no gas . Rough narrative lines are there , but no spirit . Elsa Lanchester is indicated as the player for Mary Shelley and the monster 's mate . The soul of the picture arrived with William Hurlbut in November 1934 . Born in Illinois in 1886 , Hurlbut had been a New York playwright for 30 years . He arrived at Universal as a dialogue writer - on pictures such as The Cat Creeps - when talkies came in . Trained as an illustrator , background in theatre , a confirmed bachelor , Hurlbut and Whale shared much common ground . Whale wanted to treat the film as a hoot , and he found the idea of a female monster delirious . He preferred the title " Bride of Frankenstein " . With Hurlbut , Whale re-engineered the story on fanciful , witty lines . Dr Pretorius , his miniature creations , Minnie , and the burgomaster , were born . Balderston 's piety was rather suspect . In his finale , the monster jealously kills Henry and the mate . In an unbelievably maudlin scene , a priest , Father Gerard , convinces the monster to accept God - and indeed , he proves his love by dispatching the hapless brute with a lightning bolt . Deus ex machina . With Hurlbut , Whale developed the spiritual subtext into something meaningful and special . To a new world of gods and monsters . The perfect line , the perfect staging : English gin in a chemist 's retort , as drunken science toasts itself . The cabinet of Dr Pretorius . He has donned a medieval skullcap , an archaic fashion associated with alchemy , as depicted in Murnau 's Faust and Paul Wegener 's The Golem . More like black magic than science . Pretorius is wardrobed in black , with high , white , nearly clerical collar and cuffs , like an English country vicar . The skullcap makes the image discordant : The Reverend Dr Pretorius , High Priest of Satanic Arts . Special effects men John Fulton and David Horsley shot the little people over two days in full-scale jars against black velvet . This was meticulously lined up to match the production plates of Thesiger , Clive and the practical jars . The film , or foreground plate , of the tiny people was rotoscoped , then matted into the background plate . As usual with John Fulton , the optical work is flawless . Joan Woodbury , formerly Nana Martinez , was at the start of her career portraying the queen . In short order , she was a busy B-picture ingénue . The king is the image of Henry Vlll , 16th-century English sovereign . Henry defied the Catholic Church to divorce Catherine of Aragon . The rutting monarch is portrayed by English actor Arthur S Byron . No , not Sir Joseph Whemple in The Mummy - that was Arthur " Pops " Byron . Elsa Lanchester 's husband , Charles Laughton , had just copped an Academy Award playing Henry for Alex Korda . Norman Ainsley is the drowsy archbishop . The religious parody is probably institutional , not canonical . The screenplay even indicated the cleric 's mitre askew at a " deliberately nonepiscopal angle " . Peter Shaw plays the devil - not as a cloven-hoofed satyr , as in the script , but as an urbane Mephisto . Franz Waxman provides an off-kilter quotation from Faust by Charles Gounod . He would again write musical miniatures for Todd Browning 's The Devil-Doll . Monte Montague is the stunt double as the mini monarch is airlifted to his jar . If you slow down the soundtrack , you can hear an engineer say " And the king gets picked up by the ears . " Montague was the sleepy policeman in The Invisible Man . Bride received its only Academy Award nomination for Best Sound Recording . Kansas DeForest plays the tiny toe-dancer . Josephine McKim , in blonde wig and fins , was a 1932 Olympic swim champion . She was also Maureen O 'Sullivan 's nude body double in the erotic underwater pas de deux with Johnny Weissmuller in 1934 's Tarzan and His Mate . In the right front bottle , seen from behind , is Billy Barty as the baby , seated in a highchair , rending a flower to bits and waving his rattle . Whale went over the top here , and wisely eliminated the main business . The tyke is described as " looking like it might develop into Boris Karloff . " " I think this baby will grow into something worth watching " , quipped Pretorius . The censors softened Pretorius 's reference to scripture as " fairy tales " to " Bible stories " . Thesiger restores blasphemy with his inimitable reading of the line . A book novelisation was prepared in England in 1936 by author Michael Harrison , writing as Michael Egremont . Harrison recalls consulting the script and a single screening - but once was enough . In his story , Harrison coyly enunciates the flamboyant homosexuality that Thesiger brings to the character . Quote : " I disobey the Biblical injunction 'be fruitful and multiply ' . " " ' You " ' he tells Henry , " ' have the choice of natural means , but as for me , I am afraid there is no course open to me but the scientific method . ' He chuckled throatily . " Curtain down on act one . Bride of Frankenstein has three neat acts , each lasting about 25 minutes . Karloff portrays the monster as a lost soul desperately seeking contact with humanity and desiring friendship . He 's met by a population that responds with nothing but cruelty and anger . Whale 's brilliance in cutting is evident here . Cutting back to the hand already over the mouth , truncating the action for effect . Among the villagers is John George , a diminutive actor whose stature - or lack of it - made him a fixture as a decorative gargoyle in pictures like Babes in Toyland , East of Java and Trick for Trick . You 'll spot him again , pushing to the front of the crowd before the dissolve . The sets for the earlier forest scenes are lush with waterfalls , grass and fir trees . Here , as the monster is pursued by the mob , Whale , himself a former stage designer , has instructed art director Charles D Hall to provide an expressionistic forest of the dead - dirt , rocks , leafless trees like upright telephone poles , all the better to play the monster 's crucifixion . Whale is often incorrectly called expressionistic - Whale used expressionism when it suited him , as in this sequence and the " OI ' Man River " number in Show Boat . Bride , if anything , is rococo , a robust co-mingling of baroque , gothic , the decorative , the expressionistic and the derivative . Dwight Frye , body snatcher to the stars , is first glimpsed leaning against a tree . David Lewis 's sister is again kibitzing with the rabble . There 's Dwight . Mr Levy , wearing spectacles and leaning on his cane , has just darted behind EE Clive . The point is not that the monster is Christ . In Christian theology , Jesus is the redeemer . His death and resurrection contain the promise of eternal life . The monster is the son of man , a gross parody of all that is human , lacking the divine spark and therefore a mockery of the divine . Whale was an ironist , not a parodist . He doesn 't crucify the monster to suggest that Golgotha was a cosmic joke , he punches our buttons by inverting a fundamental tradition of Western culture : The monster , the son of man , is resurrected from the dead , then crucified . Strangely enough , the film would open on Good Friday , 1935 . Everything about the look of the film is stylised . Nowhere do we see a natural sky . With glowering , painted skies , it 's as if a thunderstorm is always looming . Here , the sky is filled with an architectural matte painting by Jack Cosgrove and Russell Lawson . These are the only back-lot exteriors in the picture , tightly composed on the German village set from All Quiet on the Western Front . The monster 's jailer here , who gives EE Clive some lip , is Charlie Murphy , curator of the Universal zoo in the early ' 30s and a frequent bit player in action pictures for Universal and Republic . Thanks to Breen , much of the monster 's rampage was cut - actually improving the picture . The fatter film contained a vignette in the morgue , followed by an inquest sequence where Minnie and others admit not actually witnessing any murders . The pompous burgomaster is insisting there is no monster when the creature plucks him through a window and cuffs him about the head . Just as Minnie was spared at the ruined mill , the burgomaster is a fool figure , the voice of the audience - he can be humbled , but he must not be killed . Fleeing in the crowd , we then met Auntie and Uncle Glutz , played by Tempe Pigott and Gunnis Davis , and their nephew , played by Dwight Frye in his amalgamated state . At their house , nephew killed his uncle and stole his hoard , blaming it on the monster . The scene closed as nephew pondered the convenience of a scapegoat and mused that the monster might soon visit auntie . The communion girl who speaks is Helen Parrish , sister of film director Robert Parrish . Helen grew up to become a leading lady in Three Smart Girls Grow Up and was Boris Karloff 's ingénue in You 'll Find Out in 1940 . A shot of Frieda 's mother carrying the body was cut by the censor . Gossiping with Una O 'Connor is David Lewis 's mother , Fanny Levy , earning her seven and a half dollars a day extra-player 's pay . Poor old Newman has been hacked to death by the monster . That 's Walter Brennan handling the murder weapon . Mr and Mrs Newman 's moans were dubbed in later to lessen the official body count . Perhaps they aren 't dead yet , but , in Monty Python fashion , are feeling much better after the dissolve . The Gypsy camp was added during reshoots in April to bridge the deletions in the village . Maurice Black plays the Gypsy man , and Elspeth Dudgeon is his sour mother . She 's made up to evoke Eva Moore 's crusty matriarch in The Old Dark House . Elspeth also appeared in that film - billed as John Dudgeon - as the 102-year-old family patriarch . Whale used her again in Show Boat and The Great Garrick . She is memorable as the titular villain in a loony 1938 horror comedy for Warner Bros , Sh / The Octopus . Elspeth played the octopus , not the imperative , and her transformation as the grandmother from hell was an unsung high point of ' 30s horror movies . In a sequence inspired by Shelley 's novel , the monster finds refuge with a blind hermit . Whale had shut the picture down February 19th to March 2nd , 1935 , waiting for OP Heggie to finish a picture at RKO Radio Pictures . Whale was on dangerous ground here - with the censor and the audience . One false step , and this delicately charged material could explode into maudlin sentimentality , ecclesiastical heresies or baggy-pants burlesque . The integrity of this performance from Heggie was crucial , or we would have had Mel Brooks 45 years ahead of schedule . The hermit is a saintly figure , aged , bearded , possessed of inner sight , deliberately wardrobed to suggest a New Testament figure . Breen had cautioned Whale that his script contained references to Dr Frankenstein that " compare him to God , and which compare his creation of the monster to God 's creation of man . " " All such references should be eliminated . " Craftily , Whale and Hurlbut retained these as shooting drew nearer . Three weeks before production , Whale helpfully reminded Breen of his oversight in his last communication : " There are points about God , entrails , immortality and mermaids , which you did not bring up again , and I am very anxious to have the script meet with your approval in every detail . " Greg Mank asked Valerie Hobson late in her life if she could pinpoint why Bride of Frankenstein remained so popular . She replied " Karloff is so moving , like one of the great clowns who make you cry . " " I think this was the secret of its enduring success . " Franz Waxman asked for Clifford Vaughan as his orchestrator specifically because of Vaughan 's expertise with the organ . The instrument is associated with sacred music , evident in this solo rendition of Schubert 's " Ave Maria " . Oliver Wallace , later a mainstay of Disney 's music department , was the session player on a Wurlitzer-style theatre organ . Elsewhere , the organ is used for profane colour , notably in the danse macabre of the crypt sequence and in multiple renditions of the bride 's theme . Vaughan also orchestrated for staff composers Edward Ward and Heinz Roemheld in 1934-35 . He was also a fine composer , contributing the memorable main title and recap music to Universal 's first Flash Gordon serial . Film editor Ted Kent maintained that he executed the glowing crucifix behind this scene all on his own . Whale didn 't much care for it , but let it stay . Symbols of Christian ritual are hidden in plain sight . When the monster says " Bread good , wine good " , he is really reading the Eucharist . This is his Last Supper , complete with the holy sacraments of bread and wine . Soon the Romans will come for him . Perhaps this explains Dr Pretorius 's otherwise inexplicable name : From " praetor " , a Roman magistrate . Like his namesake , Pretorius is his own law , meting out life and death . Thesiger would play a genuine praetor in the CinemaScope epic The Robe . In teaching the monster the pleasures of a cigar , Whale lets the creature indulge in the director 's own trademark habit . When fire threatened to engulf Whale 's home in the early 1950s , his cigars were the one thing he cared to rescue , and stood by , calmly puffing , as he watched the blaze . Karloff thought giving the monster speech was stupid , and destroyed whatever impact he had . He argued against it . Karloff was right , for speech removed the alien remoteness of the creature . But the monster could now no longer be the totemic black Injun of the first film . He had to be an evolving character and interact with the others , or he would become the lifeless prop Karloff sensed coming into being after Son of Frankenstein . Universal publicists refused to believe the novelty was gone . A New York Times squib reported that , during production , Laemmle insisted that Karloff wear a veil over his monstrous features when walking to and from the stage - the same gambit they had milked in 1931 . The Times reporter was sceptical - who , in 1935 , didn 't know already what the monster looked like ? The melody being fiddled is an original by Franz Waxman called " Children 's Theme " , that will be quoted later at the end of this sequence . The hunters - on the left , John Carradine , and Robert Adair . Whale had used Carradine in a small part in The Invisible Man . In the 1940s , Carradine added the role of Dracula to his considerable résumé . In late life , Carradine raised eyebrows by insisting that he had turned down the role of the Frankenstein monster in 1931 . Karloff emits the warning growl which Franz Waxman picked up on as the monster 's secondary danger-motif . Shortly , the monster will stumble into a group of children and be posed before an icon of Jesus Christ . He beseeches the children , and is again rejected by humanity . Marilyn Harris , the drowned Maria of the first film , is the children 's leader . Also fleeing in the gaggle is child actress Carmencita Johnson . Whale upgraded Marilyn 's silent bit with one word of dialogue , making the part a higher-paying speaking role . He would use Marilyn again in Show Boat and The Road Back . Balderston 's July 23rd script had the angry monster wrestle and destroy a stone angel in the cemetery - literally a fallen angel . Hurlbut 's shooting script had the monster come upon a crucified Nazarene , etched against a glowering sky . Seeing it as a living figure , tortured as he has been , the monster toppled the effigy and attempted to free it from the cross . The Breen office told Whale in no uncertain terms to find another monument . Whale salvaged the ghost of the intention by including the unmolested Christ icon in the margin . Censor cuts in Frankenstein perverted the poignant encounter with a little girl into an act of paedophilic depravity . As if Pretorius , the burgomaster and Minnie jointly ran the Production Code Administration , the most resonant Christian image was twisted into an act of godlessness . Casting sheets show that Dwight Frye was originally cast for his part here as Ghoul Number One . A screenplay anachronism retained Fritz , the hunchback assistant who had been killed in the first film . Dwight Frye Jr recalls that Whale helped his father by creating roles , and Frye 's Karl is an amalgam of four characters in the Hurlbut script - Pretorius 's servant , first Ghoul , Nephew Glutz and Fritz . This is why Frye has two different partners . Neil Fitzgerald , here in the crypt , is Rudy , aka Ghoul Number Two . Ted Billings , as Ludwig , will help to fly the kites at the climax . Dwight Frye 's reading of the tombstone gives the story a definite anchor in time . He tells us the girl died in 1899 . Corruption is complete , and now , years later , only her bones remain . As Universal 's press book stated in 1935 , " The time of the story is the present " - though clearly an alternate universe . Déjeuner sur le crypte . The drunken doctor blows smoke in the face of death , just as Henry tossed dirt at the grim reaper in the original film . Franz Waxman titled this cue " Danse Macabre " , using organ and padded xylophone to mock the skeletal décor in three-quarter time . This is the role of a lifetime for Ernest Thesiger . A true eccentric , his performance draws much from his private persona . Valerie Hobson remembered him as a terribly sweet man with a good heart . " I don 't think he had a very strong male approach to things , " she told historian Greg Mank . " He was one of the very first people to make , almost , camp fun . " " He did it as a serious thing , you know . " " Sort of the arched eyebrow and arched nostril . " Elsa Lanchester recalled him as weird , strange and acid-tongued . Thesiger opened in the play A Sleeping Clergyman at the Theatre Guild , New York , on October 8th , 1934 . When it closed after 40 performances , he was able to train west to join the cast of Bride after the New Year . Reading Pretorius 's dialogue , it is easy to hear Claude Rains ' brushed-velvet tones and imagine the cynical , twinkling bemusement with which he played Captain Renault in Casablanca . That same dialogue plays very differently when enunciated by the man who , in The Old Dark House , spoke the phrase " Have a potato " and endowed it with seven levels of malevolence . Thesiger 's best film roles are all macabre . Less well-known than The Old Dark House and The Ghoul are his parts as Marley 's undertaker in the Alistair Sim version of Scrooge , the asthmatic industrial tycoon , swathed in furs , in The Man in the White Suit , a 19th-century wraith who must release his dead lover 's soul from the body of a possessed girl in the 1948 British thriller A Place of One 's Own , and the milk-toast Mr Hoover , the silk-stocking killer of the 1938 Warner Bros British production They Drive by Night . Pretorius 's preoccupation with the female being radiates an unhealthy , prurient interest . As the monster realises the implication of the word " wife " , Thesiger 's glance suggests that Pretorius will be a most interested spectator on the honeymoon . Whale had a good film editor in Ted Kent , but Kent was the first to credit his director with pinpointing precisely where and when to cut , both to punch dialogue and to catch the eye . Notice these opposing shots of Thesiger and Clive , each pushing in to close-ups . This symmetrical pairing of shots will be seen again in the creation sequence . Another bravura entrance here , as the monster is revealed at the door . The successively closer cuts play on our memory of the first film and repeat its impact . Whale reveals his strange characters in this fashion frequently - Rains in The Invisible Man , Karloff in The Old Dark House , even Colin Clive in One More River . This time the monster is the master , as the " sit down " tutorial from the first film is inverted , with Henry as pupil . In Hurlbut 's script , Elizabeth is stolen off-screen . Valerie and Boris were to appear together for only one shot in the cave . Whale realised he had omitted the beauty-and-the-beast ritual , and seized this opportunity to make , not a parody , but a reprise , of Elizabeth 's symbolic rape in the first film . The setting is again the bedroom , but with Frau Frankenstein no longer a Fraulein , the bed is less functional furniture than associative backdrop to Elizabeth 's abduction by her robber bridegroom . Here 's another example of Whale and Hurlbut 's good theatrical instincts . As written , Pretorius and Dr Frankenstein remain together during this episode . Pretorius merely shrugs at the suggestion that he is behind the abduction . On the set , Whale contrived for Pretorius to make another grand entrance , smashing the bric-a-brac while the camera dollies in to a low angle to punch the impact of the moment . Here 's another Whale trademark : Moving his camera through the wall of a set . The watchtower set from the first film is revisited , with a crossbeam now spanning the staircase - just in case one feels like hanging oneself from a convenient rafter . The mordant pleasantries about slimy steps and the charms of the house are ad-libs . The next four minutes are mainly the contribution of John Balderston . The immediate necessity of a fresh heart is a full incident retained from his script . Pretorius 's line to Henry about " once upon a time being burnt at the stake as wizards for the experiment " is rather ingenuous . He fails to consider that kidnapping , grave-robbing , corpse mutilation and murdering young girls for their body parts - have I forgotten anything ? - Might merit the gallows , if not the stake . This line was spoken in Balderston 's script by a professor of anatomy , while energising dead frog parts with a galvanic battery . In his screenplay , Balderston shamelessly rehashed the medical-school business of the first film , even to reviving the deceased hunchback Fritz . Apparently nothing is impossible when your boss is Dr Frankenstein . Fritz procures a desiccated specimen , enraging Henry , who demands a fresh one , and offers the 1,000-crown bounty . Fritz obliges - in the Great Depression people would do anything for money . Having appeared in every crowd scene in the film for seven and a half dollars a day , it seemed the only way to get rid of David Lewis ' sister , Leah Bishan , was to kill her . But it was worth it for Leah - records show that the Goldstadt street victim was a 50-dollar turn . Hardly 1,000 crowns , but not to be sneezed at in 1935 . One myth that has been repeated over the years held that the fresh heart for the bride was at one time intended to be Elizabeth 's . A still of Dwight Frye hovering near Valerie Hobson with a knife , and the bride 's instantaneous attraction to Henry , have been cited as proofs . At no time was this ever considered . More 's the pity that it wasn 't - it 's in tune with the story , and Elizabeth died anyway in the final cataclysm - at least , until the preview . The monster 's recitation of the work ethic to Henry is also courtesy of Balderston . Cinematographer John Mescall had first worked for Whale on The Invisible Man before filming By Candlelight , The Kiss Before the Mirror , Bride of Frankenstein and Show Boat for the director . Mescall was an alcoholic . On the set he was efficient and produced luminous work - provided that he made it to the set , which the studio ensured by sending a car daily . Despite a good rapport , Whale finally sacked Mescall for drunkenness on the set of the much-troubled The Road Back . By the late ' 50s , he was working for Roger Corman , and ended his days on skid row . His work on Bride ranks it as one of the most exquisitely photographed films ever . In a 1935 interview with Movie Makers , magazine of the Amateur Cinema League , Mescall spoke of his use of Rembrandt lighting and asserted that , despite the greasepaint Jack Pierce applied , the monster was never intended to be a jolly green giant , but " a dead-white corpse . " With variations , Rembrandt lighting is used throughout - a hard and contrasty light , with deep , rich shadows and brilliant highlights . It involves neither a straight crosslight nor a flat light from the front , but a combination of the two , with the light originating from a point in front and to one side of the objects to be photographed . This tends to impart a roundness to the features , and this pseudo-stereoscopic effect is heightened by having a dark background behind the bright side of the face , and vice versa . " It was our desire to maintain an eerie , mysterious atmosphere . " " Supplementary lights were projected from odd angles , especially for Karloff . " " Many settings were filled with dark shadows . " " The sets themselves had distorted walls , involving many angles and offsets . " " In scenes in which only the monster appeared , the camera , with a short-angle lens , was placed low and comparatively close to the subject , and thus was gained the impression of a distorted figure and unusual height . " " In contrast , we placed the camera at a high elevation in photographing the rascally Pretorius , and thus achieved the effect of a bulging cranium . " " To give the effect of deadness , Karloff 's make-up was blue-green in colour , and the light was projected through blue filters . " " When other characters appeared with him , the make-ups of the others were pink or reddish in tone , and lights of a corresponding shade had to be trained on them , while the blue lights must be shielded from them . " The laboratory scenes are patterned in equal parts on sequences from two silent films produced in Europe . They are the creation of the female robot in Fritz Lang 's 1927 Metropolis , filmed in Germany , and the medieval climax of the 1926 Rex Ingram film The Magician , filmed in France . Kenneth Strickfaden built the electrical apparatus . " I got my start in high school from my interest in science " he said . " Otherwise , I might have been a teenage werewolf . " His high-voltage Art-Deco assemblages - all sizzle and no steak - are the original light show , a defining image of science fiction . Mrs Strickfaden didn 't think much of horror pictures . " She 's no fan " he said . " I have to remind her that she lives in a house built and paid for by Frankenstein . " Universal 's publicity claimed , after the fact , that an intense hunt had been mounted to engage the bride . The exhibitor 's trade magazine , Universal Weekly , named a few also-rans : Brigitte Helm , the malevolent female robot from Metropolis , Phyllis Brooks , a fashion model just edging her way into supporting roles , and Arletta Duncan , a Universal bit player who had been Mae Clarke 's maid of honour in Frankenstein . Poor Arletta - always a bridesmaid , never a bride . But Whale knew who he wanted , and Elsa Lanchester 's name , with a question mark , is prominent on the cast page of Balderston 's first draft of June 9th , 1934 . It 's still there six weeks later in the July 23rd script , only now Elsa is indicated as both Mary Shelley and the mate . Ted Kent 's montage for the creation sequence is as artistically valid as anything by Sergei Eisenstein - and it won 't give you an urge to take up collective farming . It was noted in the 1970s that the first three notes of the bride 's musical theme are the same as the first three notes of the song " Bali Hai " from South Pacific . By the 1990s , this casual observation became conflated into an urban legend that had Franz Waxman receiving a hefty settlement from Oscar Hammerstein . The Waxman archives confirm that no litigation occurred . Franz would hardly sue the librettist of a Richard Rodgers composition , and there are , after all , only eight notes in the diatonic scale . Waxman 's score for Fritz Lang 's 1933 French production Liliom for Fox Europa caught Whale 's ear - particularly the ethereal music for the heaven sequence , with its airy colouring of celeste and ondes Martenot , an early electronic instrument . Mere days before production started on January 2nd , Whale and Waxman met at a Christmas party . Whale explained that nothing in the story would be resolved , everyone would die , and offered Waxman the job if he would give him an unresolved musical score . The orchestra for the Bride sessions was conducted by Constantin Bakaleinikoff . Session photographs show 32 players on the recording stage , 14 of whom are violinists . Orchestration sheets reveal that at its largest the orchestra had 40 players . Waxman music appeared memorably in Universal 's Flash Gordon serials . Cues from his score have been recorded by Charles Gerhardt and Erich Kunzel . In 1993 , Kenneth Alwyn conducted the first substantial recording of the nearly complete score . Waxman 's use of timpani here echoes the heartbeat of the monster bride . Boris 's monster in the first film looked like triage at an auto wreck , his face and torso swathed in bandages , naked legs truncating in size 16 , triple-E foot splints . The script called for the mate to give the effect of an Egyptian mummy , and this was realised exactly , including leg bindings . Will the bride be beautiful or ghastly ? Whale fools us with quick , progressively closer cuts , deliberately non-matching , alternating from diffuse to crisp . He even has the actress ' mouth stuffed with wadding to distort and swell her features for one flash cut . Dr Pretorius , bridesmaid to the bride . Franz Waxman provides wedding bells . The script described Elsa 's ' do as " curled close to her head , hanging straight and dark on either side . " Keeping to the mummy idea , Whale and Jack Pierce memorably designed this Nefertiti number . Lanchester 's own hair is marcelled and swept back on a wire cage . She looks like she has stuck her finger in a socket . The white electric bolts from her temples add the final exclamation points . Monster coiffure would never be the same . Elsa 's streaks and tips set a fashion craze - for Rafaela Ottiano in The Devil-Doll , Ramsay Ames in The Mummy 's Ghost , Humphrey Bogart in The Return of Doctor X , even Boris Karloff himself in The Walking Dead . Elsa Lanchester told Greg Mank " Jack Pierce did really feel like he made these people , like he was a god who created human beings . " Lanchester elaborated in her memoirs : " He had his own sanctum sanctorum , and as you entered you did not ' go in ' , you ' entered ' . " " He said ' Good morning ' first . " " If I spoke first , he glared and slightly showed his upper teeth . " " He would be dressed in a full hospital doctor 's operating outfit . " " At five in the morning , this made me dislike him intensely . " Another baroque camera angle , with a short lens to keep the bride distorted . No one can explain the presence of this lever - unless it 's the lever to heaven . Lanchester said she cultivated her hiss by observing angry swans at Regent 's Park in London . The Production Code Administration saw Whale 's original cut on March 20th and demanded changes . Subsequently , the picture was previewed at 92 minutes on April 6th , and in this form reviewed by the Hollywood Reporter . Breen approved it on April 15th . Mere days before the April 19th , San Francisco , Good Friday opening , Whale relented on the script 's " positively final fade-out " , and reshot the ending so that Henry and Elizabeth would live . Yes , there was going to be a Son of Frankenstein . Waxman 's unresolved musical ending now had a coda , cracked from the creation cue . James Whale 's biographer , James Curtis , tells us that Whale had the last laugh . Taking friends to a revival showing in the late 1940s , the director was snickering at his ironic creation when an irate moviegoer whipped around in her seat . " If you don 't like the show " she commanded , " you can damn well leave . " 65 years later , no one in the audience is leaving .
