 FILMEXPORT HOME VIDEO Presents THE WHITE PLAGUE Based on the Play by Karel Capek Screenplay by Director of Photography Music by Architect / Sound Editor Cast Directed by The film was made in 1937 Everyone must understand that for our nation , which is outgrowing other nations due to our population laws , the existing boundaries are becoming far too restraining ! We are therefore in the right to demand more space for the fathers of our children to earn their livelihoods ! We are in the right to demand more space for our people , a wider economic framework even if it means seizing them at the cost of weaker and decaying nations ! We are in the right for we are ready to throw our nation 's elite into the scale of history ! Our powerful army ! Our beautiful and brave young men . Who are eager to bring on the tips of their swords new and wider boundaries to their people ! Lord Jesus Christ , have mercy on me ... It 's plague . - No , it 's leprosy . They call it the white plague . - It 's God 's punishment . He would be a strange god to punish poor men . It first appears on your skin but when it starts eating you from the inside like me ... There 's too many people in the world . - That 's why the plague came . If it were plague , your whole body would turn black . But you are as white as chalk . - Lord , have mercy on me . Report number 10 to pathology . Lord Jesus Christ , have mercy on me . Shut up , I can 't bear listening to you . This way , please . Come here . Do you see that ? A small white spot on the skin surface , cold and insensitive . Bring me a needle , nurse . Do you feel anything ? - Nothing , professor . It is macula marmorea . That is why it is known as the white plague . Although we simply call it Cheng 's Disease or Morbus Chengi after Doctor Cheng who had first described several cases in a Pei-Pin hospital . It is a disease threatening to become a pandemic that could spread all over the world . Where are you going ? I am here to see Professor Sigelius . - In what matter ? ln a matter of science . - The professor is busy . I and my school , which takes pride in being the clinic of the renowned Lilienthal , my late father-in-law , we believe that Morbus Chengi is a contagious disease transmitted by an unknown bacillus . The disease , however , afflicts only adults aged 45-50 and older , not younger organisms . - Very interesting , indeed . Is it ? How old are you ? Thirty . - I thought so . I doubt you 'd find it as interesting if you were older . Morbus Chengi is a disease typical of advanced age . Favourable conditions for disease development are probably the result of normal organic changes , which we call aging . Science is helpless so far . Simply inform your readers to see their doctor should first symptoms appear . And what will their doctor do ? - Prescribe them a liniment . Potash to paupers and Peruvian Balsam to the moneyed . Will it help ? - Yes , against the odour from open wounds . That 's the second stage . And the third stage ? - Morphine . What was that ? - I don 't know . An explosion . - War gas . I beg your pardon . Let me in , please ! I 'm a doctor ! Who let this man in ? He said he was a doctor . - You 're fired . You know that access is restricted . Thank you for helping my people , sir . Not at all . It is my duty . Who was that ? - Baron Krog . What brings you here , dear friend ? There was an accident , Your Excellency . With our new C Gas . - What happened ? A vial broke in one of the workshops . - How many died ? All . - An excellent result . It is sad , of course , but ... Congratulations , Krog . We must make sure that nothing gets in the papers . How are things going ? - Ammunition is sufficient . We can supply 30 % more than demanded by the headquarters . And aircraft ? - 150 airfighters , 50 air bombers per day . And tanks ? - Sixty per day . It seems we are ready . Father is here ! Good day , dear . - Hello , dear . Good day , Daddy ! - Good day . What 's the news , dear ? You seem very happy today . Everything is going quite smoothly . We 're building up arms at full pace . By the way , the new war gas caused a minor accident today . But I 'm not supposed to talk about it . The main thing is that it proved successful . We 're working in three shifts at Krog 's factory now . And the baron is building six new ammunition works ! Stop that thrumming . - Will there be a war ? Definitely . It would be a shame not to have a war with such a great commander and army . I hope they won 't call up our boy . He too must fulfil his duty . Besides ... Besides , he 's too frail to serve in the army . Not to worry , dear , the war will last but a week ! The enemy will be crushed before even knowing that a war has broken out . That 's how it is done nowadays . HEAD OF THE clinic Come in . What do you want ? Beg your pardon , my name is Doctor Galen . What can I do for you ? I 've been trying to reach you five times , professor . I must talk to you . - Well , if you must . I have only three minutes , though . - Professor , I am what you call a doctor for the poor and I 've had many cases , especially lately when the white plague is spreading ... Morbus Chengi , a doctor of medicine is expected to use exact medical terms . But when one sees those poor lepers putrefying before the eyes of their families , and the terrible smell , so to speak . You ought to use agents removing odour . But one wants to save those people . I had many horrible cases . And as I was standing by their bed with my bare hands , completely desperate ... That 's a mistake ! A doctor should never be desperate . But it 's such a horrifying sight , professor . I told myself something had to happen , that I had to try something . Not just stand there helplessly . And did you ? I did . - That 's another mistake ! In my opinion , a general practitioner should adhere to well-tried methods . What good would it do to test those wondrous methods of yours on your patients ? - But professor ... I beg your pardon , I haven 't finished yet . And as regards Cheng 's Disease , I advise you to use ... Professor Sigelius to number 13 agents removing odour and morphine . Mainly morphine . This way . FUHRER 'S voice What an army ! There 's an article about that disease again . When will they stop ? My sister wrote it is spreading there too . Nonsense ! It 's just panic . I 'd lock the lepers up and keep them away from people . If someone gets the white plague , away with him . It 's simple as that ! He 's a fool . - Who ? The newspaperman . I 'm surprised they didn 't ban it . He writes that nobody can protect himself against the disease and that it will afflict all people in their fifties . Calm down . He 's not supposed to write like that ! I 'll never buy that paper again . I 'll teach them a lesson ! Is a man expected to die at fifty ? It would be strange justice if only the middle-aged were to get the disease . Why ? I ask you why ! To make space for younger people , don 't you think ? Is that so ? So even if your parents sustain you , work hard for you , they get in your way all the same ! And they should die of leprosy to make more space for you youngsters ! What a brilliant idea ! - She didn 't mean it that way . That 's what she said ! - What 's the matter ? All I said was that something had to happen to make space for young people . - And it made your father angry ? I wonder why ? Everybody says so . If it weren 't for leprosy , who knows what would become of us . Things may get better now . As soon as the old peg out , isn 't it so ? ! What 's the matter ? It 's my mother . A white spot appeared . Here . Don 't smoke in the corridor , gentlemen . You 're still here ? Professor ... - Is there anything else you want ? The thing is ... I can cure the white plague . More than a dozen have claimed the same as you . But I have applied my methods in practice with specific results . - What is the recovery rate ? About sixty percent and I 'm still not certain in some other cases . Listen , had you said 100 percent , I would have had you escorted out as a lunatic or a charlatan . What am I supposed to do with you ? Look , I understand that the idea of discovering a cure for Cheng 's Disease is tempting . It would mean fame , wealth , and even a university chair , wouldn 't it ? You 're a foreigner , aren 't you ? Yes , I come from Pergamo in Greece . Besides , I doubt that Lilienthal would allow a general practitioner to work at his scientific institute . If you excuse me now . He would let me work here . I used to be his assistant . What ? You were his assistant ? Why didn 't you say so right away ? Come , dear Galen . Do sit down . So you were my father-in-law 's assistant . I don 't remember him ever mentioning your name . He used to call me Doctor Childish . Good Lord , so you are Childish ? He used to say you were his best student . Do you smoke , Galen ? - No , thank you . I have angina pectoris . It can 't be that bad . Let me have a look at you , my friend . It 's not what worries me now , professor . I would like to ask your permission to apply my method here at the clinic on a few lepers that your consider lost . They all are , Galen . But since you are my father-in-law 's favourite student , I have a proposition for you . You will tell us on what your method is based , we will consider it and possibly conduct clinical tests . Just a moment . That 's not possible . Unless clinically tested , I cannot tell anyone how I treat the white plague . Not even me ? Nobody . ln that case , there 's nothing I can do , my friend . It would be against the clinic rules . I know , but I have my reasons . What reasons ? - They are hard to explain . I don 't know how ... I will explain later . As you wish . Given the circumstances , we ought to close this matter . ln any case , it was a pleasure to meet you . Don 't do it , professor . I give you my word of honour that my preparation works . I haven 't had a single case of relapse . I have letters from my colleagues who are sending lepers to me from the whole district . It is a poor area , it will hardly ever become public . See for yourself . - No , thank you . What a pity ! It seems I should leave , shouldn 't I ? - Yes , I am sorry . It 's such a dreadful disease . Some day perhaps , you yourself may ... - What ? I meant to say that one day you may need the medicine yourself . That wasn 't necessary . It 's a horrible disease . I wouldn 't like to putrefy while still alive . - Well , you ought to use agents removing odour . Wait . Let me see the letters . Here they are . But this means you have excellent results ! Let me tell you something , Galen . I 'd like to use your method on several patients . But I would ... - Would you like to do it yourself ? Yes . - Will you make it public then ? On certain terms . What terms ? I will explain them later . I see . You would like the clinic to verify your method , reserving its further application solely to yourself . That 's quite impudent . Come in . Wait a moment ! ln which rooms are the Morbus Chengi patients ? ln almost all . And non-payers ? The poor are in room No. 13 . - Who is their attending physician ? The second assistant . - Very well , first assistant , tell the second assistant that starting from today , all patients in room No. 13 are taken over by Doctor Galen . They will be his patients . Furthermore , tell the second assistant that Doctor Galen 's examination and treatment methods are none of his concern . How much time will you need ? Six weeks is enough . - You don 't want to work magic , do you ? Show Doctor Galen to room No. 13 . Professor , I am more than ... Good luck ! Don 't go away ! Give me your word of honour that your methods will be applied solely in room No. 13 . You have my word . You sent for me , Baron Krog . As you know the accounting director died of the white plague 3 days ago . You shall take up his office . I am most grateful , sir , and I promise ... You may go . I didn 't want to tell you straight away , dear , but Baron Krog himself called me today and told me : " My friend , the accounting director died and because you are the best and most diligent clerk , I have appointed you in his place , my dear friend . " He always calls me " my friend . " " My pleasure , Baron Krog . " It 's just like that . Surprised , aren 't you ? Accounting director . Five colleagues of mine wanted the job and they all died of the white plague . One is tempted to say : " Thank God for the leprosy . " How can you say such a thing ! - It 's true . Look at how it helped us . If it weren 't for the white plague , we would not be so well off . Besides , nothing can happen to us because they found a cure . Really ? What marvellous results ! That Galen ... He 's a miracle . - He 's a lunatic . I 've heard he closed his shabby practice in the suburb . The nurse said he barely eats , except for a few rolls he carries in his pockets . She wanted to order lunch for him but the administrator refused . He said Doctor Galen wasn 't on the list of boarders . He 's right , don 't you think ? Feeling any better today ? Yes , thank you , doctor . - Like I told you . I need some rest , nurse . Doctor Galen , my mother ... A white spot appeared on her neck . Could you help her ? Please . I 'm afraid it 's not that easy , my friend . I had to give my word not to use my methods on private cases unless they are tested on room No. 13 . I regret to say it but I cannot . I have no choice . Talk to Professor Sigelius . I regret to say it , assistant , but I cannot allow any exceptions on my clinic . Goodbye . Good day , minister . I beg your pardon ? His Excellency heard about your success in curing the white plague and he decided to ... It is a great honour for me and the clinic . Your Excellency , I can hardly speak . We at Lilienthal 's Clinic are immensely honoured by your presence . As scientists , however , we are aware of how negligible and petty are our merits compared to those that have removed the malign tumour of anarchy , averted an epidemic of barbarian freedom , leprosy of corruption , and plague of social decay , which have afflicted and enfeebled the organism of our people . - Bravo , bravo . I would therefore like to use this unique opportunity to pay homage as a simple physician to the greatest of all healers who cured us all of national leprosy with radical , yet life-saving therapy . Bravo , bravo . This way , please . It 's amazing how many employees the clinic has . Nonsense , most are the secret police . ln white coats ! Don 't put that down . ln room No. 12 , we have control patients suffering from Cheng 's Disease . They are not treated with our new method to allow us compare the achieved results . I see . I would like to see them . I should warn you , Your Excellency . The disease is contagious . Moreover , it is a terrible sight , and the odour is unbearable despite all measures . We soldiers and doctors are expected to withstand anything , aren 't we ? Let us go in . - Very well . How can the Marshal stand it ? It 's horrible . Gentlemen ... - I am a journalist . Wait until the Marshal leaves , please . It seems you cannot withstand much , gentlemen . Let us proceed . - This way . The picture is quite different in room No. 13 . We apply our new method there . Your Excellency may see for yourself . What are you doing here ? Who let him in ? It 's Doctor Galen . - Should he be here at all ? Yes . He works in room No. 13 . Why didn 't you come to the welcoming ceremony ? I was busy making medicine for my patients . ln that case , you have to wait here . You can 't go inside until the Marshal leaves . It 's a miracle . Congratulations , Sigelius , you have done great work . Your Excellency , we are proud to contribute with our minor scientific achievement to the victories achieved by our great Marshal . Professor Sigelius ! You have three minutes , gentlemen . - Professor ... Besides , I am most excited . If you only saw the compassion , the deep moral bravery of the Marshal leaning over the beds of the pitiful patients . It was an unforgettable moment , gentlemen . What did the Marshal say ? The Marshal commended our work far too highly . I am proud that our nation bears the palm and that this major victory was achieved at the clinic of my great teacher and predecessor Lilienthal . Come in , Galen . Join us . This is one my meritorious brothers-in-arms . Come , don 't be shy , Doctor Childish . Could you tell us , professor , on what your method is based ? - It is not my method . It 's the method of Lilienthal 's Clinic . Simply write that a cure for the world 's most deadly disease was discovered ! Nothing more . However , if you wish to enshrine this joyful day let the whole world know about our leader and great commander , about our glorious hero who went among the lepers to fight the horror and the disease . It was superhuman , gentlemen ! Now if you excuse me , gentlemen , I have work to do . Farewell . Gentlemen , could you spare a moment . Could you tell them that I , Doctor Galen , doctor of the poor ... To whom are we to tell that ? - To whom ... To all kings and sovereigns all over the world . Please , gentlemen . Let me explain . I was in the war . I was a military doctor . And I don 't want any more wars . Tell them this , gentlemen . Do you think they will listen ? - Tell them that otherwise all people will die of leprosy . I found the cure for Cheng 's Disease . I discovered the medicine . It 's mine and I won 't give it to them unless they promise to stop the slaughtering ! Tell them I said so ! Tell all the rulers they are old . Tell them they will putrefy while still alive just as those people there ! That all people will end like that ! Would you let people die like that ? Would you let people get killed like that ? Why ? When people are killed by bullets and gas , why should we doctors save them ? If you only knew how hard it is to save a child 's life or to cure caries . It is easy to say " war " . As a doctor I must disapprove shooting and yperite ! I saw what mess it can make in a human being ! It is the duty of every doctor to eliminate wars ! And how do you intend to eliminate wars ? How ? Very simply . Tell them to abandon wars and I 'll give them the medicine for the white plague . Do you expect to force the governments of the whole world ? I admit it would be very hard and I don 't expect them to negotiate with me . Though , you can write it in your papers . Let them know that no nation will get the medicine unless it undertakes not to wage war ! But no state will accede to such terms . Just a moment ! Maybe there is something to it . It would mean involving the public , of course . You 're absolutely right ! And you will tell them this : Do not fear , there is a cure ! Urge your sovereigns to make eternal peace and the white plague will become history ! And what if no government accedes to it ? It would be a great pity but I could not give them my medicine . I could not do that . - What would you do with it ? As a doctor , I am to cure people so I would cure the poor . - Why only the poor ? Because there 's plenty of poor people . I 'd have crowds of patients . Would you treat the rich ? Look , the rich never came to me . Let the rich and powerful advocate peace . They can push it through . I 'll help them and everyone else . But first they have to make peace ! Don 't you think that 's a little unfair to the rich ? I must admit it is . But don 't you think it is a little unfair to the poor to live from hand to mouth ? Look , more poor people have always been dying . It doesn 't have to be that way , though . Everyone has a right to live ! If as much money was given to hospitals as it is expended on war ships ... Gentlemen , I kindly ask you to leave the clinic . Doctor Galen is suffering from nervous exhaustion . And there 's the highly contagious disease . This way , gentlemen . Come with me . You must be out of your mind , Galen ! I won 't have anyone talk such nonsense at my clinic ! Stop this nonsense ! For the last time I ask you as the head of this clinic to give me your medicine formula . I am very sorry but I cannot do that . ln that case , you will leave at once and never set foot in my clinic again ! As you wish . I am very sorry indeed but ... - So am I. Call the second assistant . What will they think of me now ? After I have officially announced that we have a cure for leprosy ! Yet , I 'd rather suffer such defeat than allow your Utopian extortion ! I 'd rather let all mankind die of leprosy than permit you to spread your pacifist plague for a single moment ! You shouldn 't talk like that . As a doctor , you shouldn 't be saying things like that . I am not a mere doctor , sir . I have the honour to serve our country and our Marshal . You sent for me . You will take over room No. 13 from Doctor Galen . Doctor Galen will never set foot in the room again . Get out ! Come here . Mummy ! Damned man ! How dares he ? ! I 'd have him arrested and shot ! He 's a traitor ! - Who , dear ? It says here that the cure was found by a Doctor Galen . And that he won 't give it to any state unless eternal peace is made . What is so bad about that ? How can you ask such a silly question ? No state can do that ! Were all the billions we had put in arms wasted ? Eternal peace . Why it 's a crime ! I 'd lock him up ! - But he found the cure . Scoundrel ! Isn 't the nation 's glory nothing ? And if our country needs more territory do you expect it will get it amicably ? The doctor only said he wanted to eliminate wars . Who is against killing is against our highest interests . Do you understand ? As you think , dear . What 's the matter with you ? You seem somewhat ... Why did you put the scarf around your neck ? Are you cold or what ? No , I 'm not . - Take it off then . Or you 'll catch a cold . Let me do it . Oh my God ! Dear ... you have a white spot on your neck ! Don 't come in , the doctor would get angry . You 're alone . But when your own wife and children shrink from you ... I can 't blame them for not being able to stand it . Look here , on the neck . - It looks fine . I think so too and the doctor said it 's healing well . I wish I was doing well as you . Next . You too . I haven 't see you around . - No . What do you do for a living ? - I 'm a baker . A baker can 't be poor . And I treat only poor people . - Doctor , when a baker is a leper , nobody will buy a single roll from him . Even a beggar is better off than me . Very well , come in . - Thank you , doctor . I 've heard that Doctor Galen strictly refuses to treat the rich . He is a fanatic . As a doctor , I believe he should be put into an insane asylum . Sit down . And what is the situation ... - With Cheng 's Disease ? I 'm glad you asked . It 's spreading rapidly . Fortunately , people are more concerned about the war than the white plague . They are absolutely confident . - In conquering the disease ? No , in winning the war . They place their trust in the Marshal , you , and our magnificent army . Hasn 't a cure been found yet ? No , not yet . Only Galen 's preparation . Under such circumstances , there is nothing we can do to fight the white plague . We can , Baron Krog . Thank God we can . I am glad to hear that , dear friend . And what is it ? It is strictly confident for the time being . Briefly speaking , an order introducing compulsory isolation of all lepers will be issued presently . It is my work and the Marshal himself promised to put it through . What do you mean by " isolation " ? - Camps . Anyone with a white spot shall be transported to a guarded camp . And left there to die slowly . Yes , but under medical supervision . How much do I owe you , doctor ? Are you penniless ? - Well ... Give me as much as you can afford . It 's for medicine for those who are even needier than you . Dear Professor Sigelius ... - What ? Are you alright , Baron Krog ? Perhaps you could have a look . Good Lord ! Do you feel anything ? You can adjust yourself , Baron Krog . Is it ... ? - It is too early to say . It 's just a small white spot . - What would you advise me to do ? If you could persuade Doctor Galen somehow ... Galen ? Thank you , Professor Sigelius . Shouldn 't I shake hands with you ? - With no one , Baron Krog . You shouldn 't shake hands with anyone . Did you say the law on isolation of the sick will be issued soon ? ln that case , I must arrange for higher production of barbed wire in my factories . Come tomorrow , I 've run out of my medicine . I 've used 300 doses . Come tomorrow . You all will have to come tomorrow , I 've run out of my medicine . Tomorrow morning . What can I do for you ? If you could be so kind , doctor , my wife ... - Who are you ? I 'm an accounting director at Krog 's works . - At Krog 's works ? It is a pity because I only treat the poor . I am very sorry indeed but ... - Have mercy , doctor . No . I only treat the poor . The poor can hardly do anything . But the others are able to enforce peace . I say , what if you persuade Baron Krog to stop producing arms and ammunition ? Well ? - But I ... I couldn 't possibly do that . It 's out of the question . I would never have the temerity to do it . See ? And how am I supposed to ... It 's so difficult . Doctor , it is your human duty . Indeed . I did assume such duty , though ... Look ... What if you resign from your office at Baron Krog 's works ? Tell him you don 't want to help him make more ammunition ! But how would I make my livelihood ? Do you see ? Your livelihood is war . If only I could work as an accounting director elsewhere , yet one usually attains such position in old age . You cannot ask me to do that , doctor . That 's just it . One cannot ask anything from others . Nothing doing . It is a great pity . Don 't be angry at me , please . You can 't imagine how sorry I am but ... I cannot . Believe me . I cannot . What a heartless knave ! Give me strength , Lord . Here you are . You at the back , don 't you want any ? There . Who 's there ? - I came to see you , Galen . Who are you ? I don 't know you . Elevation point 306 . Elevation point 306 ? You are ... you are ... Doctor Martin . - Doctor Galen . It seems we belong to enemy camps , colleague . Help me with this man . He 's one of yours judging from his uniform . He is dying . He is so young . What a sin ! When will this madness end , my enemy friend ? Is it you , Martin ? It 's been so many years . Come and sit down . Why have you come ? Are you ill ? - No , not yet . I read about you in the papers and I need to talk to you . Do you really have the medicine that can cure the white plague ? I do . - And you won 't surrender it ? No . - But how can you ... Withhold the medicine ? Listen , Martin . The whole world is again talking about war . And it wants war . Not the whole world , Galen . Our people don 't want war . While our people can 't wait for it to start . Are they so bloodthirsty ? - Not at all . They 're as good as your people . As anywhere in the world . But they are bred for war . There would have to be someone who would bred them for peace . You arming too , aren 't you ? We are a small nation , Galen . We only want to and have to defend ourselves . What would become of us if we could not defend our freedom ? We won 't give in , Galen . And when someone attacks us , I myself will take a gun and shoot . We all will ! Maybe you 're right , my friend . Good Lord , how dreadful ! Martin , do you think I don 't have the right to withhold my medicine from the world ? To force them to make peace ? You don 't have the right , Galen . As a doctor and a man you 're not in the right . Should you succeed , though , you may have had the right . Galen . What would happen to all the sick people in case you die ? Come . It has all gone too far . The public mind of the world will be fiercely against any war . It is the fear of leprosy , Your Excellency . People don 't want politics . It is the medicine they want . They prefer health to laurels . Cowards . And just now when we are ready . I want your guarantee that this tendency will be suppressed ! Your Excellency , I cannot guarantee that for long . Fear and distress is spreading among older people . While the youth is enthusiastic and eager to follow you into fire . It is the youth I need more . We take small doses of the vaccinated animal 's blood . Pay attention because now we will add the D solution . Do you understand ? We sterilize it at 100 degrees . Then we add 0.5 % of phenol , and fill these vials in a rather primitive manner . Why it 's so simple ! Thank you . Martin , you must promise to use the medicine only to treat your poor . And not to give it to anyone as long as I am alive . ln case something happens to me , you 'll fight instead of me . Give my regards to you small , brave and free country . What 's the matter with you ? I 've got the white plague , doctor . Let me see . It 's not that bad . It is the white plague but ... What do you do ? - I 'm jobless . I used to work at a metal workshop . And now ? - Whatever I can find . Doctor , I heard you help the poor . Well , it will take fortnight . I 'll give you six injections . Can you afford six injections ? - Of course I can ... I mean it depends on how much it would cost . It would cost you dearly , Baron Krog . Doctor , I 'm no baron . Enough of this ! We would just be wasting our time . I know you only treat the poor , doctor . But if you treat me , I 'd give you ... A million ? A million ? Five millions . Ten millions . You could do a lot with ten millions , particularly if you have specific propaganda in mind . Wait . Did you say ten millions ? I did . - For peace propaganda . For whatever you wish . You can buy the press with it . My propaganda doesn 't cost me that much in a year . Would it really cost that much to make the press promote peace ? It sometimes costs heaps of money to promote peace or war . Look , I don 't know anything ... Sit down . Could you tell me how it 's done ? First of all , you must have contacts . - Contacts , eh ? That 's difficult . I really don 't know how I could ... Listen , Baron Krog , wouldn 't you like to take charge of it yourself ? You mean organize propaganda for eternal peace ? Yes . Organize the propaganda . You have contacts , don 't you ? And I would cure you . I 'm afraid I wouldn 't be able to do that . You wouldn 't ? Listen here ... Strange as it may seem , you are a quite honest man . - Maybe . And you 're a very naive man . Do you honestly think you alone can enforce eternal peace ? I 'm not alone . I have a powerful ally . You are right . The white plague . And fear . You can 't imagine how afraid I am . If fear alone were enough to overwhelm people , there would never be another war . Do you think that most people aren 't afraid of war ? All the same , there always will be another war . Is your fear of the white plague so strong ? It is . Listen , Baron Krog . What if your factories stop producing arms ? I couldn 't do that . Good Lord , it 's so hard . What can you offer me then ? - Money ! Money ? Can 't you see I wouldn 't even know what to do with it . You don 't want to treat me , do you ? I am truly sorry , baron . You can dress . Krog . I sent for you , Baron Krog . It 's been decided . - This means that ... We will strike tomorrow at midnight . And we will strike at the weakest point . The tiny country standing in our way will not have a chance to defend itself . One air raid should do it . What shall be the grounds for such military action , minister ? We have prepared them long ago . lntrigues against our state , continuous provocations ... Enter . Our ambassador did a magnificent job . After being offended , he left his post and is on his way home . And ... Your nephew is a superb soldier . My daughter keeps telling me about him . It seems , my dear friend , we shall soon become related , don 't you think ? I would be most honoured , Your Excellency . And I would be most happy , dear baron . Because I would not be who I am today were it not for you . I will never forget that . - I did it for my country . Besides ... It was in the interest of my industrial corporation . Do you remember how we shook hands before I took the field with my soldiers against the government back then ? One doesn 't forget such moments . Let us shake hands now , my dear old friend . On the eve of a greater and more glorious war campaign . Your Excellency , I cannot shake hands with you . Why ? - I am a leper . But , Krog ! Oh my God ! Krog . Have you been to Sigelius ? - I have . And ? - He sent me to Doctor Galen . I 've been to Galen . - And what did he say ? That he could cure me in a fortnight . Galen ? Galen could cure you ? On one condition , though . Fulfil his condition then ! It 's an order . What is his condition anyway ? He wants my factories to stop producing war material . Galen must be insane ! Perhaps . ln your eyes most definitely . And in your eyes ? Tell me what you think . Your Excellency , last night I was ready to accept Galen 's condition . You would be insane , Krog ! Fear will make me go insane , Your Excellency . Is your fear so strong ? If you only knew what a loathsome feeling it is when fear penetrates deep into your bones . I keep hearing myself screaming behind barbed wire : " Jesus Christ ! Doesn 't anyone have mercy ? Won 't anyone help me ? " I am fond of you , Krog . You are like my own brother to me . But what am I supposed to do with you ? ! Make peace , Your Excellency . Make peace ! Save me ! Save us all ! Save me , Marshal ! Stand up , Baron Krog ! I expect you to fulfil your duty to your country . As you order , Marshal . You will give me your hand on that . I am a leper , Marshal . I am not afraid ! If I was afraid , I could not be a leader . Your hand ! Baron ... Gentlemen , you know my orders . We shall strike at midnight . Thank you . Doctor Galen ? Yes . - Come with us ! Enter . Doctor Galen ? - Yes . I invited you to personally congratulate you on your success in treating the white plague . Congratulations . Thank you very much . This way . I have prepared a project . Sit down . I want the Holy Spirit Hospital to become a state institute for Cheng 's Disease control . And you are appointed as the head physician , Doctor Galen . I am afraid I cannot accept it . I have so many patients now . It isn 't possible . Consider it an order , Doctor Galen . I would be most pleased but ... I can 't manage an institute , I don 't have the experience ... Let me put it differently ! You refused to treat Baron Krog . I did not . There was one condition , though . I know ! You will treat Baron Krog without any condition , Doctor Galen ! Your Excellency , I am truly sorry , nevertheless , I must insist on my condition . Doctor , there are means to force people to fulfil their orders . Look , I know you can put me in prison ... And I will ! - Don 't do it . I have so many patients . You will kill them if you put me in prison . They wouldn 't be the first dead on my journey . You will change your mind , won 't you ? Are you such a fool or a hero ? ! I 'm certainly not a hero . I was in the war as a military doctor and I saw so many healthy people die . I too served in the army , doctor . Yet , I saw people fight for their country ! And I brought them back as winners ! - That 's just it ! I saw those whom you didn 't bring back . Where did you serve ? I was an assistant doctor with the 36th Infantry Regiment . A great regiment ! Any decorations ? The Golden Cross with Swords , Marshal . Bravo . Thank you , Marshal . Very well . Now , you will go and report to Baron Krog . I request to be arrested for disobedience , sir ! You will arrest Doctor Galen . Yes , Your Excellency ! - Don 't do it . Even you may need me some day . Me ? ! Never ! You may leave . How am I to persuade such a hardheaded man ! Look , I am very fond of Baron Krog , he is a rare man . My only friend . You can 't imagine how lonely a dictator can be . I 'm talking to you as a man . Doctor , save Baron Krog . I haven 't asked anyone to do me a favour for years . It 's so hard . Although , I also have a favour to ask . You haven 't answered me , doctor . - Just a moment . Look , your a statesman . You have immense power . Not that I want to flatter you , but it is unfortunately true . If you offer eternal peace to the world , everyone would be so happy . You 're the only one the world dreads ! The arms race is because of you . If you said you wanted peace , there would be no wars in the world . I was talking about Baron Krog ! Your Excellency , it all depends on you . Please ! I beg you , save the poor lepers . And as to Baron Krog , I am very sorry indeed but ... I beg you , if only you do it for him ! Baron Krog cannot accept your condition ! But you can ! You can do anything you wish . I cannot ! Do you think peace or war depend on my will ? I must act in the interests of my people . And should my people ever go to war , it is my duty to breed them for battle . - If it weren 't for you , though , your people would never go to war . - They would not . They could not ! They wouldn 't be so well prepared . They wouldn 't be aware of their strength and chances ! Today , they are well aware of them ! And I merely fulfil my people 's will . You believe that peace is better than war ! While I believe that a victorious war is better than peace ! And I must not deprive my people of their victory ! Or of their dead . - Or of their dead ! It is the blood of the dead that makes a homeland out of a piece of land ! Only the war makes a nation out of people and heroes out of men ! Dead men . I saw more dead . It 's the nature of your profession , doctor . ln my profession , I always saw more heroes . They were behind the front line . We at the trenches were not as brave . What did you receive the Golden Cross for ? For nothing . I just bandaged a couple of wounded . It was between trenches on the battlefield , wasn 't it ? Wasn 't that brave ? - Not at all . When one is a doctor , it is one 's duty , isn 't it ? Listen , you and that peace of yours ... Why ? What right have you to do all this ? Has someone ordered you to do so ? I don 't seem to understand , sir . I mean whether you are on higher mission ? - Oh no . I 'm doing for no special reason , I 'm just an ordinary man . ln that case , you mustn 't . There has to be a higher mission ! There has to be a higher will guiding us all ! Whose will ? - God 's will . God put me in charge , otherwise I could not be a leader ! - I see . That 's why you 're waging war . - Yes ! ln the name of my people ... - ... whose children will die in battle . Yet gain victory ! ln the name of the people whose fathers and mothers will die of leprosy . They are of no interest to me , they would never make soldiers . I 'm surprised I haven 't had you arrested yet . What are your orders , Your Excellency ? You will cure Baron Krog ! Our country needs him ! Tell the baron to see me . So that you could make him accept your absurd condition ? Yes , Your Excellency . After he accepts my absurd condition . Do you insist on it ? - I do . ln that case , however ... Yes , it is me speaking . No ... And is he ... ? When did it happen ? Thank you . Thank you . You may go . Thank God , Baron Krog shot himself five minutes ago . Daddy ... You ought to go to bed . You don 't look well . You must be tired . No , my dear , ... Leave me alone now . Go . At this moment , when our silver planes are spreading destruction across the towns and cities of our deceitful enemies , I wish to answer to my people for the most difficult step I had to make ! I have started a war . I have started the war without declaring it . I have taken the field to put a stop to further degrading negotiations with the small rotten country that thought it could get away with provocations and insults aimed at our great nation ! There was no other way but to punish and destroy this tiny bothersome state , that was continuously threatening our peace ! To annihilate the lesser and inferior people who do not have the right to live ! To destroy them no matter who protects them ! Let the other superpowers show what they can . All I say is : " We fear no one ! " Hail to the Marshal ! We didn 't want the war ! But we will win the war ! We will be victorious for we are in the right ! We are in the right . What 's wrong , Daddy ? - What 's the matter , Your Excellency ? We are in the right . We are in the right ! What is it ? We are in the right ! I can 't feel anything ! Take a look , please . It 's like marble . - No , Daddy . It 's nothing . There 's no need to look . I know what it is . Go , dear . Leave me alone . I 'm coming ! Hello ! Get Professor Sigelius ! Quick ! They love me after all . It is a great day ! Don 't cry , dear . Your Excellency , I 've sent for Professor Sigelius . Well done , Pavel . I should be treated according scientific rules , shouldn 't I ? Any news of our planes ? None . Do you hear them cheering ? I 've finally made a nation out of them ! It 's strange , it 's cold as marble . As if it wasn 't me anymore . I 'm coming ! The Marshal would like to thank you all ! He shall proceed in his work now ! Poor Krog . Poor Baron Krog . It looks like a sick room now . You won 't be sick , Daddy . You 'll see . The world 's best doctors will come and cure you . You mustn 't think about it , Daddy . No , I mustn 't . Wait till you see me riding at the head of my soldiers . War is beautiful , Pavel . It 's the greatest thing a man can experience . Strike on the right wing ! Outflank ! Until you have ten army corps there ! Hello . Professor Sigelius . - Send him to my father 's bedroom . Show the professor to His Excellency 's bedroom . Oh , I see . The world 's best doctors . Your Excellency , only one man can help you . Galen . That 's out of the question . How much time do I have ? Two or three months . So little time . - Express cables . I shouldn 't but ... Forgive me . I can hardly believe it . Such a small nation . They are fighting back . Like hamsters ! The attack on the capital failed . We have lost eighty aircraft . The tanks met fierce resistance at the borders . The Marshal thought the initial strike would be enough . His calculations were wrong this time . An ultimatum . Your Excellency , I bring news from the battlefield . What ? Leave me alone . I can 't . Not now . Three months . Only three months . Go away . I have bad news , Your Excellency ! What ? ! Give it to me ! This changes the situation ! Send for ... No , I don 't need anyone . I 'll give my orders in writing . Mobilize another year ! - Yes , Your Excellency ! Orders for the air force ! - Yes , Marshal . No , it needs to be done differently . Just a moment . Lord , have mercy . Lord , have mercy . I await your further orders , Your Excellency . Oh yes . Here are my orders ! Tomorrow I will head the attacking army . I will command all the operations myself . And my boys will follow me . And after I win , I will lead my soldiers on horseback . Through ruins . A capital used to stand here once ! And I will ride ! Through ruins ! With no flesh on me ! And only my eyes left ! I will lead my soldiers , a skeleton on a white horse . And people will call out : " Hail to His Excellency , the Grim Reaper ! " Doctor Galen 's surgery ! Hello , is that Doctor Galen ? This is Krog . You have to see the Marshal ! Yes , he is seriously ill . I am truly sorry but ... I know . Your condition is peace . Yes , I will tell him . Wait a moment , please . No ! I don 't want peace ! I must lead my war ! We must win the war ! We are in the right ! We are not , Your Excellency ! I know we aren 't , young man . But I want my people to win . Hang up the phone . I can die for my people . You indeed can but what will happen then ? After I die ? One ought to count with one 's mortality , young man . You didn 't , though . Nobody can replace you in the middle of a war ! You 've made yourself irreplaceable ! We will be defeated without you ! You 're right . I must first win the war ! The war won 't end in three months ! You 're right . Three months . God shouldn 't have done this to me . Hello , doctor ... - What ? He said yes ? Well , not yet but ... Yes , I will tell him . Daddy , if you tell him one word ... No , dear , hang up . I cannot do it . Your Excellency must do it ! - Do what ? Call that man ? - Yes ! To humbly offer peace ? Pull out with my army ? Yes ! - To apologize and accept punishment ? Yes ! - To humiliate my people for nothing ? Yes , sir ! - And to leave all the same . Yes ! But at a time of peace , sir ! - Never ! Do you hear me ? Never ! Let someone else do it ! - No one else can do it , Excellency . Why not ? - It would mean civil war . Only you can order the army to retreat . Let such a nation that cannot rule by itself be wiped out ! You taught our people that . You must live ! It 's a political necessity , sir ! Maybe you are right . Please ... Hello ? Doctor ? - Is it you , Marshal ? - Yes . Yes . Yes . - Will you sign the peace treaty ? I told you so . Take a private car . He should get off earlier not to arouse any attention . I 'm so glad , Daddy . I 'm so happy ! He 's coming in a few minutes . We have to stop offensive at once and announce to all governments ... What a pity ! It could have been a great war . Such a magnificent army . I 've been working on it for twenty years . You will work on peace now . Tell the people it 's God 's will . God ... If I knew it was God 's will it would be a mission , wouldn 't it ? Peace . God wants me to make peace . Stop pushing . - Let me pass , please . I need to get inside . There 's someone waiting for me . Hail to the Marshal ! Hail to war ! - No ! There shall be no war ! - Coward ! - Traitor ! - Knock him down ! Stop ! Let him be . What did you say ? That there shall be no war ! Wait a moment ! Say it again ! - There has to be peace ! Understand ? Let me go , gentlemen . Here you are and call out with us : " Hail to war ! " Will you or not ? - No ! The whole world will call out with me one day : " Hail to peace ! " Kill him ! - Hang him ! Beat it , blackguard ! Get up and be off ! - Wait . He 's dead . - No loss ! Just one traitor less . It seems he was a doctor . Hail to war ! Hail to the Marshal ! Furthermore , I order our army to halt offensive . All forces that have penetrated into foreign territory shall immediately retreat beyond our borders . The immense task lying ahead of us is not war but ... - Peace ! Your signature . What is the matter , Krog ? Your Excellency , Doctor Galen is dead . My pen ! God wants me to make peace ! It is time to go . Even a marshal has to observe his laws . The Marshal shall address his nation . My people . I speak to you as your marshal . I speak to you from a place of pain , from a camp of lepers , in the name of the suffering . I was destined to learn that there is more human pain in the world than glory . And only he who experienced glory may understand the pain and suffering of the human spirit . And only he may fulfil the mission of humankind to bring peace among nations . My people , my great and mighty people , only on the threshold of eternity , I realize I was led astray . I therefore beseech you all to fulfil the peace treaty I signed . Secure peace among nations , wish freedom to all people . Help the weak and be on guard against violence . Thereby you will gain your greatest victory and glory and you shall become the foremost and greatest nation of all . We , the doomed and suffering , are praying for you and are proclaiming with you : Hail to peace ! THE END English Subtitles : Renata Palova
