 Subtitles by Daniel Callahan Stay with ' im , Red ! Stay with ' im , cowboy ! Look out ! What is it ? It 's Autry 's men making another raid ! You know what we 're after ... Throw it out and be quick about it ! Alright , hand them out . That 's not all , there 's one more . That 's fine ! Yes , folks , it 's Gene Autry making another raid on your time with his Radio Riders broadcasting from Radio Ranch ! We 're about to bust right into your homes with some real ranch music and singing . Nevertheless , we 're going to give you some real ranch music and singing ! A long , long time ago as all you folks should know Uncle Noah built himself an Ark . For 40 days and nights , the rain was sure a fright And the animals nearly tore his Ark apart The duck went quack The cow went moo The rooster : cock-a-doodle-doo ! The old tom cats sure raised an awful row ! The little pig squeeled The billy goat : BAAAAH ! The little frog said : Biggest rain we 've had ! Uncle Noah 's Ark 's a madhouse now . The horses and cattle and fowls of the air Even the long-eared jackass was there ! Quack ! Moo ! Yow-zay-doo ! * meow ! * * woof ! * Cock-a-doodle-doo ! All were there on Uncle Noah 's Ark ! At last the sun did shine through the window bright and fine And Uncle Noah thought t 'was time to land ! He couldn 't open the door with his hammer on the shore And the animals roared and growled to beat the band ! The duck went quack ! The cow went WOOF ! The rooster : cock-a-doodle-doo ! The old tom cats sure raised an awful row ! The little pig squeeled The little goat : BAAAH ! The little frog said : Biggest rain we 've had ! Uncle Noah 's Ark a madhouse now The horses and cattle and fowls of the air even the long-eared jackass was there Quack ! Moo ! Meow ! Moo ! Squeek ! Whinny ! They all were there on Uncle Noah 's Ark ! We 're now turning the microphone over to Frankie and Betsy Baxter , President and Vice-President of the National Thunderriders ' Club . You 're on the air , kids , it 's all yours . FIRST I WANT TO ASK ALL OF YOU TO- - FIRST I WANT TO- - Pardon the static , folks . First I want to ask all of you to join our National Thunderriders ' Club . So you can come out here to our vacation camp and see a radio broadcast put on like it should be . Ridin ' , ropin ' , real horses , real guns , real cowboys - All you boys - - - And girls , too ! - We don 't want any girls ! - We do , too ! Now to reply to your letters , boys - - and girls ! - - how we chose the name " Thunderriders " for our club ... One day Frankie and I were having a horse race out in the desert ... FRANKIE : We were riding like the wind just having a lot of fun when all of a sudden we heard something that sounded like a roar of thunder ! Thunder ! It 's gonna rain ! Rain , nothin ' ! Why , there isn 't a cloud in the sky ! That 's from Thunder Valley ! I heard it once before ! BETSY : The Thunderriders ! And that 's how we came to call our club The Thunderriders ! The legend is a reality for Betsy and me If we ever see those riders again we 'll sure tell you more about ' em ! Thank you , Frankie and Betsy , thank you ! Remember all you kids that can 't come out to the ranch ... You can form a Thunderriders ' Club in your own town and ride with us every afternoon ! Just send in your name , and we 'll send you a pattern so that your mother can make you a costume . - Everybody ready ? - Yo ! Let me remind you that when we left our radio show yesterday the settler 's wife was cowering in the corner of her log cabin while the heroic husband , willing to give his life for those he loves , suffered terrific torture . You remember he had substituted his arm for the wooden bar across the door which the bandits outside were trying to batter in ! Already the door is beginning to shatter under their blows ! And it seems but a moment until his tired , bruised arm will break . And now for the Thunderriders ! Y 'all set , Eddie ? Here they come ! Will the Thunderriders get there in time ? And that , folks , you will learn when you tune in tomorrow . Good afternoon ! Radio Ranch now signing off ! Hey , is our ranch becoming popular ! And all on account of your broadcasts ! Why our guests are coming on trains and horses and in automobiles ! And now , they 're arriving by airplane ! You said that ranch was deserted ! It 's deserted , all right ! What about the fortune in radium you promised us ? You 'll get your radium . Gentlemen , I am firmly convinced that this is the site of the buried city of Mu and with proper excavation , we 'll find more than radium . We 'll find secrets that have been lost to the world for thousands of years . As the special greeters , we 'd better get out and meet ' em ! Welcome to Radio Ranch , gentlemen ! Mighty surprised to see a plane around here ! The world is full of surprises . Beechan is my name , Prof. Beechan . I 'm Gene Autry . Do you think that we might secure accomodations ? Sure , we can take care of you . This way , gentlemen , please . In a vine covered shack in the mountains Bravely fighting the battle of time is a dear one wearing a sombrero It 's that silver-haired daddy of mine If I could recall all the heartaches dear old Daddy I 've caused you to bear If I could erase those lines from your face and bring back the gold to your hair If God would just grant me the power that could turn back the pages of time [ singing continues faintly ] Hope nobody saw you come up here ... I don 't want my secret labratory discovered . I sneaked away ... So you 're the one that took that calibre-catho-cyclometer tooth that the radio engineer was looking for ! SSH ! This is scientifically important to me ! Look here , sis ... This shows you exactly how to make a direction finder ... and I just made one . What 's a direction finder ? Well , when you hear something on the radio , this will tell you exactly what direction it 's coming from . Look , I 'll show you ... that is , I 'll show you if I made this thing right ! [ classical music plays on radio ] See ? ! It 's point two degrees west of north . That means the music 's coming from San Francisco ! There 's those funny signals again ! Frankie , look ! The direction finder is standing on its head ! [ Cowboys continue singing ] If God would just grant me the power just to turn back the pages of time I 'd give all I own if I could see the home of that silver-haired Daddy of mine Alright , Oscar , it 's your time . They seem to stand for anything ! OK ! You know those funny signals I 've been getting for the last two weeks ? - Yeah ? - Well , I got ' em again tonight ! And my direction finder say they 're coming from straight down ! Say , do you suppose there 's anything to any of those books Frankie 's been reading about a world underground with people and cities and everything ? ! Why of course there 's something to them ! Let 's go see those scientists that came today ! Maybe they can tell us something about it ! Maybe they can ! But the signals were coming from the center of the Earth and I wanted you to explain it to me , Professor . I see that you have a perfect understanding of radio beams . You probably encountered some unusual internal interference , undoubtedly magnetic static . Yes sir , but the signals sounded like human signals . Static , just static . However , I 'll give the matter some thought and look into it further a little later . Did you ever see anything like this ? Peculiar little fellow , inn 't he ? Huh ... An interesting example of Antediluvian Americana ... - Where did you get it ? - Found it at the head of Thunder Valley . - Could you lead my colleagues to the spot ? - Gladly ! - We 'd appreciate it very much . - We 'd have to get an early start . I have a broadcast at 2 o 'clock ... If we miss it , we lose our contract . - We 'll say 8 o 'clock . - Good . - Goodnight ! - Goodnight ! You heard everything ? Autry 's radio program and his singing make this ranch popular . Without him , there 'd be nothing here to interest anyone and the place would soon become deserted . And we could go on with our secret explorations without anyone to molest us . Exactly . Tomorrow morning , when he leads Cooper and Saunders to spot where he found that idol your job is to see that he doesn 't come back ! - What 's that ? ! - Must be a Muranian ! - Alive ? Impossible ! - I tell you , it is ! Hey , Beechan ! Prof. Beechan ! - What is it ? - Come on ! I found a Muranian ! - He 's gone ! - I see that . Here 's the proof ! And there 's the bullet hole ! You perforated his oxygen tank . Evidently , they can 't function on the air we breathe . This is undoubtedly a breathing apparatus that permits the Muranians to live at ground level . The eye-pieces are colored against zaktetic rays . It proves that the Muranians live underground probably have since the first Ice Age 100,000 years ago ! Must have had confederates who helped him escape ! - Halt ! [ background : ] 1,2,3,4,5,6 , ... He 'll gain some strength when we get down to the 20,000 ft level . Her Imperial Majesty , the Queen ! - Did I receive your report correctly ? - Yes , your majesty . - Her majesty is waiting ! - I know ... ! Clear the way ! Stand fast for the Queen 's guards ! The surface men in our Garden of Life ! It has never happened before , and it shall never happen again ! No , you Imperial Majesty ! It has never happened before and it shall never happen again ! [ Gong sounds ] The Queen 's guards ! We welcome your return . - Your Imperial Majesty , I have to report- - - SILENCE ! You are not here to report . I have seen everything ! You are here to be commended for your loyalty and skill in having safetly returned with your wounded comrade without once having been seen by the surface men . I do so commend you . Conduct him to the Radio Revival Chamber . [ Gong ] - Quick , the Garden of Life ! - Yes , your Majesty ! Fools ... ! The surface people are always in a hurry ! Their world today is a madhouse . We of Murania are indeed fortunate . Death , suffering ... Speed , accidents ... Do I have to witness this insane material because you are unable to find the Garden of Life ? ! Sound ! I want to hear this ! [ static and muffled voices ] ... with those two out of the way , Radio Ranch will soon be deserted and we 'll have our discovery to ourselves ! And we 'll have a fortune in radium ! Wouldn 't it be a good idea if we explored a little today ? Plenty of time , Saunderson . The principal thing now is to protect our secret from spies . Enough ! [ Gong ] Our very cilivization is at stake . The lives and future of all my subjects are in jeopardy because these inquisitive surface people seem bent upon discovery of our empire ! - But , your Majesty ! - As you already know they have actually invaded the Garden of Life ! They will soon return to investigate further . I shall order the Royal Guard to rid Murania of these intruders ! For my part , I should send for the Garden of Life and there capture them when they return . No , the entrance to the Garden of Life must be destroyed ! They must never be able to find it again ! Yes , your Imperial Majesty ! Proceed at once to the Garden of Life and destroy the entrance so that no surface man may ever find it again ! - Yes , your Majesty ! Alert ! You hearby swear that you will abide by all the rules and regulations of the National Thunderriders Club ? - I do . - You are now a full-fledged member . Be seated . We will now continue with our regular business . The secretary will read the minutes of the last meeting . The meeting , called to order at 4 o 'clock . Dale reported his committee couldn 't find any motto for our club . Bub thought it would be better to have a banquet than a motto . Meeting was adjourned because everybody got hungry . Has anyone any suggestions for the motto of our club ? - All for one and one for all ! - " To the rescue " ' s mine . - No more school ! - Do a good turn deed ! Thank you , Dale , your suggestion is a good one . But that 's the Boy Scouts ' motto , and we must have one of our own . [ Thunder in the distance ] Listen ! There 's that thunder sound ! That 's the same sound that we heard the day when we saw the Thunderriders ! Maybe they 're riding again ! Meeting adjourned ! Isn 't that Gene 's horse ? ! Something must have happened to him ! Maybe the real Thunderriders got him ! To the rescue ! That 's our motto ! " To the rescue ! " - TO THE RESCUE ! To the rescue ! To the rescue ! TO THE RESCUE ! We 'll scatter here . All you kids break up into parties of two . We 'll search this whole country . And don 't all go in the same way . Betsy and I will ride up toward Thunder Valley . - Look , a smoke signal ! - It must be Gene ! Come on , help him , quick ! Get the canteen , quick ! Thanks ! - Fell better now ? - Sure , I 'm all right . - Boy , you sure had a narrow escape . - Yeah . Hey , we got a broadcast a 2 o 'clock ! If we miss it , we 'll lost our contract ! - That means we 'll lose Radio Ranch ! - We 'll have to ride like the dickens ! You and Betsy ride double ! There 's the key to our entire situation ! Explain yourself , Argo . If we can capture Gene Autry , Radio Ranch would soon become deserted and the entrance to our underground kingdom would forever remain undiscovered . We can never allow Murania to become desecrated by the presence of surface people ! Our lives are serene , our minds are superior , our accomplishments greater ! Gene Autry must be captured ! Get the captain of the Thunderriders on the wireless telephone . Captain of the Thunderguard reporting ! " Gene Autry approaches Thunder Valley . Capture him ! " Yes , your Imperial Majesty . Thunderguards , fall in ! - The Thunderriders ! - Get back , quick ! Head for the cliff ! Woah ! Tie it to that tree ! They 're coming ! They 've hit the rope ! - It 's gonna break ! - If it does , we 're lost !
