 It 's an old cliché that a sequel is never as good as the original . But director James Whale set that on its head with Bride of Frankenstein , the crowning achievement of Universal 's golden age of horror . Never had a studio lavished so much production value and acting talent on a so-called monster movie . Bride of Frankenstein transcended its genre and remains one of Universal 's best-loved films . For Mary Shelley , author of Frankenstein , the attempted creation of the monster 's bride was always part of her original vision . How James Whale and Universal Pictures played matchmaker for Boris Karloff and Elsa Lanchester is quite a story . And , like a good cast , well worth repeating . Oh . I thought I was alone . It 's one of the great American films . It 's right up there with Citizen Kane and Sunset Boulevard . It 's usually discussed as " Oh , just a horror movie " , but it 's much more complex . Do you know who Henry Frankenstein is ? And who you are ? Yes . I know . Made me from dead . The various story elements , the intellectual elements , the artistic and acting elements that came to bear in this film , really crystallised all the things that had been building in that genre , at that studio , at that time . I love dead . Hate living . You 're wise in your generation . The Bride of Frankenstein quite simply is the most complex and most brilliantly achieved and conceived horror film ever made , and certainly the crowning jewel in Universal 's initial series of horror films . You make man like me ? No . Woman . Friend for you . It 's a wonderful film . It 's just delightful . Certainly there are some scenes where humour and terror are all beautifully blended . When you get into Bride of Frankenstein , you 're making it all up . There are no rules . The only rules are those of the imagination . Whale had an extraordinary imagination . There are some imaginations which are best left to go do their own Gothic thing . This isn 't science . It 's more like black magic . When Universal unleashed the original Frankenstein in 1931 , it found a new formula for box-office magic . In a stunning portrayal , Boris Karloff was catapulted to international stardom . James Whale , well-regarded for his British stage work , had been imported to Hollywood for his ability to direct dialogue . Ironically , as movies were learning to talk , it was a silent performance that made the Hollywood careers of both Karloff and Whale . Universal 's founder , Carl Laemmle , didn 't want his son , Carl Junior , to make films like Dracula and Frankenstein . But there was no arguing with the box office . As soon as Frankenstein was complete , the studio began planning a follow-up . This time it was the director who objected . James Whale didn 't want to do a sequel to Frankenstein . He seemed to be trying to squirm out of it , as it were , avoid it , bypass it . Do something else instead . He said he 'd gotten everything out of the first one , that he 'd " wrung it dry " . Maybe that was the phrase . You have to remember that Frankenstein was the Jaws or Star Wars of its day . It was such a big hit . The studio had so much invested in it that finally he agreed to do it . But again I love the fact that he only did it on his terms . Meantime , Universal again teamed Whale and Karloff for The Old Dark House , a sardonic thriller that introduced Whale 's mischievous sense of humour . The Invisible Man , with Claude Rains , mixed laughs and chills , and showcased state-of-the-art special effects . The effects in The Invisible Man are just extraordinary . You still watch them and wonder how some were done . You 're crazy to know who I am , aren 't you ? All right / I 'll show you . There 's a souvenir for you . And one for you . I 'll show you who I am and what I am . How do you like that , eh ? Whale directed some stylish non-horror films for Universal in the early ' 30s , including By Candlelight in the manner of Lubitsch , an adaptation of Galsworthy 's One More River , and a screwball comedy mystery Remember Last Night ? He always had very mixed feelings about his horror films . He liked them , but he wanted to be an A-list director . He wanted to make the big-money projects , like John Stahl at Universal did . And , curiously enough , who remembers who John Stahl was ? But we all remember the movies made by James Whale . Junior Laemmle , who was the general manager at Universal , had enormous respect for Whale . I think that he felt that certainly what Whale had done with Frankenstein , The Old Dark House , The Invisible Man , with the other non-horror-genre films that he had done , showed a great stylist at work . Although Junior Laemmle himself was not a creative man , he had a very instinctive feel , I think , for something that was good . I think he felt James Whale was the director at Universal who probably had the best chance of putting Universal on par with MGM , and with Warner Bros , and with the big boys in Hollywood . So he really gave him free rein to do whatever he wanted with the picture . After rejecting several scripts for the Frankenstein sequel , Whale took personal control over the screenplay 's development . The fact that Whale didn 't especially want to make the film , and then agreed to , prompted him to offer ideas for the script to the writers . Suggest things . At least , we have a very good indication that he did this . People such as Elsa Lanchester mentioned this , that this was his idea , that that was his idea . The little people in the bottles was his idea . He insisted that he have the opening prologue with Mary Shelley and Byron and Percy Shelley . That was essential , otherwise he wouldn 't do it . Elsa Lanchester , for example , told me that Whale insisted that she be allowed to play Mary Shelley , and also the bride . It was either that or he wouldn 't make the film . It was a great thrill to meet Elsa Lanchester . I met her in 1981 . She said that it was Whale 's intention to show that very pretty people , which is how Mary Shelley is presented in the film , actually inside have very wicked thoughts . Can you believe that lovely brow conceived of Frankenstein ? A monster created from cadavers out of rifled graves ? The money was available to him to make a much more elaborate film than the first one . Because of the success , they let him go with the sets , and go with the care and the time and the photography and the music , so that he could polish and refine and elaborate , in a way that the earlier films , which were made faster , wouldn 't have permitted . It 's an odd sequel in many ways . For example , after a brief glimpse of the monster in the beginning of the movie , he doesn 't show up again for a half-hour , a third of the way into the movie . Meanwhile , you 've spent most of your time with this odd character , Dr Pretorius . I think if you look at Dr Pretorius , that 's an example of how the movie has changed so radically from the first one . In the first one , there was the boring Dr Waldman . And in this one , suddenly there 's this full-blown eccentric , very , very gay and funny character , that was created by Whale in the development of the screenplay for the second film . Frankenstein . Yes , there have been developments since he came to me . Unlike the original film , Mary Shelley 's novel featured a highly articulate monster . Bride of Frankenstein restored the monster 's speech . Before you came , I was all alone . It is bad to be alone . Alone . Bad . Friend . Good . Speech was the essential difference between the original Frankenstein and the Bride of Frankenstein . My father really objected to the monster being given speech . He felt it would take away from the original portrayal , and I think he was wrong . Cinema history has proven him wrong . It 's one of the few sequels that really ... most film critics regard as surpassing the original . Once more , Boris Karloff faced a gruelling and uncomfortable make-up , designed and applied by the legendary Jack Pierce . One of the changes in the make-up , besides the fact that Karloff had gained weight ... He wasn 't as cadaverous . I think success ... He was able to eat more and unfortunately he had a little fuller face . But one of the biggest changes was the results of the fire . So they singed his hair off and gave him almost this crew cut , which through the film grows , which I thought was pretty neat . His make-up goes through four or five stages of regeneration , allowing him to grow both visually as well as spiritually as the film unfolds . They gave him a burn on his hand and a bit of a burn on this side of his face . But other than that the make-up was basically the same . The flat head , and they still had the electrodes in the brow . Just a slightly fuller face with a few little burn scars and the singed-off hair . A great make-up . Actually there was another change . In the original make-up , he only had one clamp on his head - this side actually . It was something they didn 't notice for the longest time . You would see pictures from the Bride , and you saw the two big clamps , the little ones in-between and the ones on the side . I used to always assume that was the same on the original make-up . Later , when I started looking at it , I said " He only has one clamp . " During the filming of Frankenstein , Karloff sustained a serious back injury , and suffered many discomforts due to the weighted boots and padded costume . For the sequel , efforts were made to lessen the ordeal . I 'm sure they treated him more like a star , because he was successful with Frankenstein and some films after that . I think that , in the original , the top of his head was probably fabricated each day , built up out of cotton and collodion . In the Bride and the Son later on , there was a rubber forehead that went on , which probably sped up the process for Boris and Jack . I know they gave Karloff a slant board , because he still couldn 't quite sit down . I have a picture in my office of him in this great slant board , drinking a cup of tea . The make-up posed technical challenges for cinematographer John Mescall , who required special lighting for the monster 's skin tones . Jack Pierce 's make-up for the monster essentially was a blue-green colour . This was not due to any belief in a colour aesthetic for the monster . But if the monster were photographed wearing this shade of greasepaint , on orthochromatic film , and if he was lit as Mescall lit him , with blue-gelled light , he would read as dead white . Mescall had red added into the make-up of those who had scenes with the monster and often trained warmer lights on them . The make-up for the Bride of Frankenstein is an absolute masterpiece . It 's the only iconic female monster to ever come out of the movies . I mean , if you were to think of a classic female monster , it 's the Bride of Frankenstein that comes to mind . The Elsa Lanchester make-up was very different from the Karloff make-up . I 'm sure what they wanted to do was have her attractive . You didn 't want to have a hideous woman monster . I don 't know if it was an executive decision or what . " We can 't have an ugly woman monster . " So they came up with this ... again , another icon . You think of the Bride of Frankenstein , everybody knows that wacky hairstyle . It had that Egyptian Nefertiti look to it . They had this wire cage on her head and that was really her hair mixed in with it . They probably filled it in with some crepe wool . And the white streaks , the crazy white streaks . Yet she was very made-up , almost wore basically a glamour make-up . If it wasn 't for the scar around the neck , it would have looked like some glamorous woman with a wacky hairstyle . I heard that Elsa Lanchester wasn 't too fond of Pierce , which I was sorry to hear . Someone who I idolise like Jack Pierce . I 've heard from people that he was a crotchety old guy . Elsa Lanchester talked about Jack Pierce , and she said that he was an unusual personality . He really almost felt , in her opinion , that he was a god who created these horror characters that Universal marketed . In the morning , he 'd be all dressed up in a surgeon 's smock as if he were about to perform an operation . She said you went into his sanctum sanctorum to have the make-up done , and you waited for him to say hello . You didn 't say hello first . He had to say hello first . So he was very , very much in control . He really was a divine presence within his own realm of creating these make-ups . She was very funny . She talked about the scar under the neck of the bride . She said that Jack Pierce took the longest time to do this , that he went through this incredible ritual of applying this scar , that she said hardly shows in the film . She said " I 'm sure he could have bought a scar for ten cents in a joke shop . " But he had his own way of doing it , and he lovingly and painstakingly applied this scar each morning to the bride . The idea of the hiss of the female monster came from she and Charles Laughton feeding the swans at Regents Park . She said " When swans would come up , if you went to feed them , that was all right , but if you got too near them or got near their young , they would hiss . " So she thought of this incredible hiss of the swans and she incorporated it into the character . Frankenstein combined English and American actors , not always convincingly . Bride of Frankenstein was cast mainly with British players . Mae Clarke , the original Elizabeth , was replaced by the 17-year-old ingénue Valerie Hobson . Valerie Hobson gives an amazing performance , I think , as Elizabeth . Very stylised . She 's like a Christmas angel , the way she appears with the dress and the flowing hair . I talked to her in 1989 and she had warm memories of making the film . She said the first time she saw Karloff , it was an extraordinary experience . There he was in complete Frankenstein monster make-up , and she said " I just was so amazed . All of a sudden he opened his mouth and out came this very gentle British accent with a lisp . " She said that he was like the great clowns who make you cry . He really made you cry . This monster whose heart was just bleeding to get out of his monstrous self , to find somebody to love , to find somebody to love him in return . And he pulled it off . Remarkable feat of acting . She was very impressed by it . Valerie Hobson was very appreciative of James Whale . Not only was he a great director , but he was , as she put it , so English . Here she was , a 17-year-old British girl in Hollywood , and he made her feel very much at home . She said she was the victim of James Whale 's rather bizarre wit , because the first time she met Colin Clive as Henry Frankenstein , it was the scene where she becomes hysterical and falls into bed with him . As they rehearsed this scene and she fell into bed , James Whale said " Mr Clive , this is Miss Hobson . " And she was in bed with him . So she said it was pretty strange , even for Hollywood , as an introduction . Colin Clive played Henry Frankenstein again in one of his last performances . Emotionally tortured and ravaged by alcohol , he died two years later aged 37 . Frankenstein 's mentor , Dr Septimus Pretorius , a role originally intended for Claude Rains , was played by James Whale 's real-life theatrical mentor , Ernest Thesiger , an actor reportedly just as eccentric off-screen as on . To a new world of gods and monsters . Una O 'Connor , who was in The Invisible Man , was another Whale favourite and a perfect choice for Frankenstein 's twittering housekeeper , Minnie . Although Frankenstein 's assistant , played by Dwight Frye , met a nasty end in the first film , James Whale combined several small parts to give the actor a memorable assignment . Fritz von Frankenstein of course had been killed by the monster in Frankenstein . Jimmy Whale - I say Jimmy Whale because that 's what my father called him - liked my dad 's work . What we need is a female victim of sudden death . Can you do it ? If you promise me a thousand crowns . It will be well worth it , and the baron will pay . I 'll try . Bride of Frankenstein is visually the best Universal horror classic , thanks to art director Charles Hall and cinematographer John Mescall . Expressionistic tricks , totally artificial lighting , these great painted skyscapes , and the way the tombs are all at weird angles . Magnificent stuff like that . One of the things that intrigues me about Whale 's career , his work in general , is the background ... the backgrounds that he had . That is , as a theatre actor and theatre director , but as a set designer in theatre , as well as a painter and so forth . One wonders to what extent he might have had input into the visual appearance , the look of the sets of his films , in a way that most directors at that time would not be likely to do . Elsa Lanchester said , when she was not actually needed on the set at one point , he took her to the studio and showed off the forest set . He was proud of his achievement here . I said " Was this his design ? " This telephone-pole forest , where the tree trunks are just trunks and it 's just bare and stark , in contrast to earlier , when there 's a bucolic scene and it 's a very attractive nature forest . She said " Yes , of course it was his idea . " Not that he drew the plans for it , but he would give the ideas and maybe make little sketches and give them to the department heads and have them develop it . Cinematographer Mescall achieved new visual heights with Bride of Frankenstein , the result of a seasoned working relationship with Whale . John Mescall did a total of five pictures with James Whale . Bride is probably his best remembered . The film itself is probably the high-mark of Whale 's late period at Universal . Mescall used a style of lighting he referred to as Rembrandt lighting , which was to use a central light and a cross-light about three-quarters through the scene , to provide illumination of the subject against a dark background . It 's very much like Rembrandt 's painting style , where there is light that is directional and gives contours and definition . The crowning touch in Bride of Frankenstein was the inspired musical score by Franz Waxman . You 've got a first-rate cast in an extremely well-written script with a tremendous musical score . One of the most important Hollywood scores of the mid - ' 30s by Franz Waxman . For the opening sequence of Byron and Shelley on a stormy evening at the villa , Waxman wrote a very charming period-style minuet , which speaks of the life of ease and delicacy that we see depicted . As the flashback story is told by Byron ... " A winter setting in the churchyard ... " ... he evolves into a huge fugue to illustrate the horrors and terrors of the original story , before returning back to the minuet that sets us pretty much with period parlour music . There is an awful lot of commentary through the music . Sometimes impish , sometimes emotionally reinforcing , but , like so much that 's in this film , heightened . The basic structure of Waxman 's score is Wagnerian . He uses motives for each of the major characters or sequences . These are thematic building blocks which can introduce or herald each character 's entrance or imply their presence off-camera when they aren 't present . Almost operatically , isn 't it ? The leitmotif approach , where you have a particular phrase or melody associated with a person , one character or a different character . The monster has a four-note motive which seems to be patterned upon his growl . It 's almost as if Waxman had observed the performance and deduced that from it . The bride herself has a very exotic high-flown three-note melody . It is very open-ended and that allows it to be utilised in many different forms . We first hear it , narrative-wise , when Pretorius speaks of her imminent birth . - Friend for you . - Woman ? Friend . Yes . Dr Pretorius , who is the kind of Mephistophelean interloper . He 's a figure both of humour and tremendous evil . He has a very mad , loping theme . It portends all kinds of things to come , usually resolved with a small coda , which is again open-ended and unresolved . You never know what Pretorius is going to do or where his actions will lead . There 's a wonderful sequence , where he is slightly drunk in the crypt , dreaming of monsters to come , and is surprised by the Karloff creature . It 's done in a very metric fashion , recalling the Danse Macabre of Saint-Saëns . In fact Waxman called the cue Danse Macabre . Bride of Frankenstein attracted censorship , during and after production . The prologue was shortened , in part to eliminate all close-ups of Elsa Lanchester 's décolletage . That was just the beginning . The film had about 15 minutes of cuts made before it was nationally released . I think again Universal was trying to play it safe . The film was incredibly outrageous and in some ways almost subversive . I think they wanted to make sure it didn 't get them in too much trouble . Like all Hollywood scripts , the script for the Bride had to be presented to the Breen office , the censorship board within Hollywood , to have approval and discussion of any objectionable issues . The script contained many religious references , some of which could be intended or construed as bordering on blasphemy . It may be that I 'm intended to know the secret of life . It may be part of the divine plan . Henry , don 't say those things . Don 't think them . It 's blasphemous and wicked . We are not meant to know those things . The monster is man-made , not God-made , but he goes through a Christ-like orbit of misunderstanding and ultimate betrayal . The original script had the monster mistaking the figure on a crucifix for a suffering , persecuted creature like himself . The censors would have none of that , so now the Christus is a background prop and he instead - more blasphemously - topples the statue of a bishop , as though he 's assaulting organised religion . That 's a visual cue that was not in the script and therefore didn 't receive objection . When Henry and Dr Pretorius speak about the possible mad plan to create new female life , the blasphemous Dr Pretorius invokes religious iconography and says " Follow the lead of nature , or of God ... " It was scripted " ... if you like your fairytales . " Well , this is not how one speaks about organised religion . It 's changed to " Bible stories " , which is a statement of fact . Follow the lead of nature , or of God , if you like your Bible stories . The way Ernest Thesiger reads the line , " Bible stories " contains such invective and disdain that it 's more offensive than if he 'd said " fairytales " . This is how one got around the letter of the censor and the spirit of intent . Bride initially had a fairly lengthy subplot involving the Dwight Frye character . It was probably a misbegotten script idea that was meant to illustrate the monster as victim . Carl had this uncle and aunt in the film , who he killed , and led everybody to believe that the monster had killed them . It was probably about a ten-minute sequence followed by a morgue inquest . It had no bearing on the narrative line and probably stopped the film dead in its tracks at the midpoint . Whale , probably wisely , removed this , and that narrative bridge was filled by a retake , where the monster is discovered in the woods , quite benignly trying to get food from some Gypsies , who of course react in abject terror . This leads us on to the monster and the hermit sequence . Every time I watch that scene with the hermit , the blind man , I 'm struck by how sincerely moving it is . There is no overtone there of condescension or ridicule or making fun of either of those two characters in that scene , or of their relationship , of their need for each other , and their relief at finding a friend . It wasn 't just " I 'm going to play games with odd humour . " It was sensitivity , and that sensibility of the warmth and mutual need that those people find , that he indulged himself with too . That wasn 't in the first film either . Those kinds of feelings - both extremes - weren 't in the first film . Humour has never been so artfully blended into a horror film as in the Bride . Very bizarre , this little chap . There 's a certain resemblance to me , don 't you think ? Or do I flatter myself ? Hindsight tells us that Whale 's sense of humour is sort of camp . I 'm not sure that that 's really quite how it was at the time . I think the camp and kitschy elements of his humour may be something ... a gloss we 're putting on it , some 60 years ... 65 years after the picture was made . The humour in Bride of Frankenstein permeates much of the story line . It isn 't in comedy-relief segments , but it is part and parcel with the characters and what they do in the main story line . Pretorius is a comic figure because of the way he stands outside of life , of the world , of Henry , of his own existence , and comments on it , if only in the irony of his perspective . He doesn 't take existence seriously . So he makes comments about his creations of these little people , he makes comments about himself being like the devil or vice versa . He has an ironic twist to existence , which is , from what I can tell , something that he shares - that character shares - and the actor who played him , Ernest Thesiger , shared - with James Whale himself . Dr Pretorius is firstly an archetypal old queen . I think we should fess up about that right from the beginning . He is however also Mephistopheles to Colin Clive as Frankenstein 's ... Faust , I think . He 's the one seducing Frankenstein away from , if I may say , the straight and narrow back into this very much more twisted vision of what he should be doing with his life . I gather we not only did her hair , but dressed her . What a couple of queens we are , Colin . Yes , that 's right . A couple of flaming queens . Pretorius is a little bit in love with Dr Frankenstein , you know . The gay sensibility responds to outsiders . Bride of Frankenstein contains several . Pretorius is an outsider . Frankenstein becomes an outsider by being seduced away from marriage and the home to becoming the mad scientist again . And most obviously , most dramatically , and most poignantly , the monster is an outsider . It 's very tempting to assume that Whale identified with an individual who is an outsider like this , that the average person does not understand . I 'm sure James Whale knew what that felt like when he was a youth , as an artistically inclined person in a factory town , in a factory family . He knew what that was like probably well before he knew it as a homosexual . But it was also the artistry , being an artist , being a sensitive person , being somebody who people made fun of , for whatever reason . You find that in so many of the characters in Bride of Frankenstein . The film also makes a serious comment on the tensions , sometimes violent , between society and the non-conforming individual . The monster is ... the unleashing of the id , that which must be kept under control , and when it 's unleashed , this is a threat to stability of society , of human nature . So somebody must come and either kill or otherwise tame that monster that 's been unleashed . And the villagers do that . The villagers in Frankenstein and in Bride are almost the villains of the piece . That 's especially the case in the end of Frankenstein , where they 're a lynch mob . He had the idea that , when people thought as a group , it could only lead to trouble . Somehow the mob mentality was a scarier thing to face than any monster could possibly be . With Show Boat , Whale had nearly achieved his dream of creative autonomy and prestige productions . But Universal was burdened with debt and in 1936 Carl Laemmle lost his studio . Whale had this amazing niche for five years , working under Junior Laemmle . He almost acted as an independent filmmaker today . He really had control . There was nobody - either a studio person or a producer - over his shoulder , telling him what to do . When the Laemmles lost control over Universal , that was gone . Whale suddenly found himself working for people who were not in sympathy with his methods at all . It was much closer to the factory assembly-line form of filmmaking that they were doing at MGM and the other studios . Whale worked very badly in those conditions . Whale 's last stand at Universal was The Road Back , an uncompromising sequel to All Quiet on the Western Front . Under pressure from Germany , the studio regime severely cut the picture and it died at the box office . Whale retired from Hollywood in 1941 . Although financially secure for life , he did not live to enjoy the critical acclaim his work finally received . Disabled and disoriented by a series of strokes , he took his own life in 1957 . Without Whale 's masterful touch , the later Frankenstein films were of little interest to their star . My father played the monster three times . The third time was Son of Frankenstein , and at that point he decided he would not do it again . He felt that the story line had been exhausted and the monster , as he had created him , had done all that he should be asked to do . He was afraid that it would become the brunt of bad jokes and bad scripts , and there are those that would agree with him . Bill Condon 's Academy Award-winning film Gods and Monsters featured a reunion between the stars of Bride of Frankenstein and their director . Hey , you / With the camera / We got a historical moment here . This is Mr James Whale , who made " Frankenstein " and " Bride of Frankenstein " . And this - forget the baby a second - is the monster and his bride . Oh , Karloff . Right / Don 't you just love being famous ? The figure of the bride is so iconic that she crops up in all kinds of films . There 's this absolutely wonderful Bride of Frankenstein parody in Small Soldiers . The Bride of Frankenstein shows up in the Bride of Chucky in a very clever way . She 's alive / Alive / We belong dead . You can do a little drawing of the bride and people will say " I know what that is . " I remember building little Aurora kits of the Bride of Frankenstein when I was a little kid , way before I could see the movies , and being totally enchanted by these creatures lumbering across my desk when I went to sleep at night . It felt safe . Some of these youngsters - seven , eight , nine years old - they know the script backwards and forwards . Of course , with the advent of video , it brought it into everybody 's living room , and now on DVD . It perpetuates the availability , and the appeal is long-lasting and multi-generational . It 's a brilliant film , it 's a work of genius . I think it 's a picture in which the acting , particularly the performances of Karloff and Elsa Lanchester , Ernest Thesiger , transcend anything you saw being done in Hollywood at that time . Brilliant , almost operatic performances . And if ever somebody needs to study a film to see how a director injects his own personality into a picture , Bride of Frankenstein is the perfect example . You can almost watch it and feel like you spent an evening with James Whale , listening to his wit , his ideas , and listening to his remarkable personality . It 's all there in that movie . It 's like an evening with Jimmy . 1935 was an incredible year for horror movies . In addition to Bride of Frankenstein , there was Werewolf of London , The Raven , Mark of the Vampire and Mad Love . All these are classics , but , almost 70 years later , Bride of Frankenstein towers above them . As a follow-up , James Whale was scheduled to direct Dracula 's Daughter as a baroque black comedy even more outrageous than Bride of Frankenstein . But the script was too much for the censors . We missed the daughter , but we still have the bride , and that 's something to be grateful for . I 'm Joe Dante . How beautifully dramatic . The crudest , savage , exhibition of nature at her worst , without , and we three , we elegant three , within . I should like to think that an irate Jehovah was pointing those arrows of lightning directly at my head . The unbowed head of George Gordon , Lord Byron , England 's greatest sinner . But I cannot flatter myself to that extent . Possibly those thunders are for our dear Shelley . Heaven 's applause for England 's greatest poet . - What of my Mary ? - She is an angel . - You think so ? - ( thunder ) You hear ? Come , Mary . Come and watch the storm . You know how lightning alarms me . Shelley , darling , will you please light these candles for me ? Mary , darling . Astonishing creature . - I , Lord Byron ? - Frightened of thunder , fearful of the dark . And yet you have written a tale that sent my blood into icy creeps . Look at her , Shelley . Can you believe that lovely brow conceived of Frankenstein ? A monster created from cadavers out of rifled graves . - Isn 't it astonishing ? - I don 't know why you should think so . What do you expect ? Such an audience needs something stronger than a pretty little love story . So why shouldn 't I write of monsters ? No wonder Murray 's refused to publish the book . His public would be shocked . It will be published , I think . Then , darling , you will have much to answer for . The publishers did not see that my purpose was to write a moral lesson of the punishment that befell a mortal man who dared to emulate God . Whatever your purpose was , I take great relish in savouring each separate horror . I roll them over on my tongue . Don 't , Lord Byron . Don 't remind me of it tonight . What a setting in that churchyard to begin with ! The sobbing women , the first clod of earth on the coffin . That was a pretty chill . Frankenstein and the dwarf stealing the body out of its new-made grave . Cutting the hanged man down from the gallows , where he swung in the wind . The cunning of Frankenstein in his mountain laboratory , picking dead men apart and building up a human monster so fearful and so horrible that only a half-crazed brain could have devised . And then the murders , the little child who drowned . Henry Frankenstein himself thrown from the top of the burning mill by the very monster he had created . And it was these fragile white fingers that penned the nightmare . Ah ! You 've made me prick myself , Byron . It 's bleeding . There , there . I do think it a shame , Mary , to end your story quite so suddenly . That wasn 't the end at all . Would you like to hear what happened after that ? I feel like telling it . It 's a perfect night for mystery and horror . The air itself is filled with monsters . I 'm all ears . While heaven blasts the night without , open up your pits of hell . Well , then , imagine yourselves standing by the wreckage of the mill . The fire is dying down . Soon the bare skeleton of the building rolls over , the gaunt rafters against the sky . ( yelling ) Well , I must say , that 's the best fire I ever saw in all me life . - What are you cryin ' for ? - It 's terrible . I know . But after all them murders and poor Mr Henry being brought home to die , I 'm glad to see the monster roasted to death before my very eyes . It 's too good for him . It 's all the devil 's work , and you 'd better cross yourself quick before he gets you . Come along , come along . It 's all over . Get back to your homes and go to sleep . There it goes again . It ain 't burnt out at all . - There 's more yet . - Isn 't the monster dead yet ? It 's high time every decent man and wife was in bed . That 's his insides caught at last . Insides is always the last to be consumed . Move on . You 've had enough excitement for one night . This strange man you call a monster is dead . Monster , indeed ! You may thank your lucky stars they sent for me to safeguard life and property . Why didn 't you safeguard those drownded and murdered ? Come , now . We want no rallying , no riots . - Who 's rioting ' ? - Move on , move on . Good night all , and pleasant dreams . Ah , pleasant dreams yourself . Thinks he 's everybody just because he 's a burgomaster . Huh ! Poor Mr Henry . He was to have been married today to that lovely girl Elizabeth . Cover him up . Someone must break the news to the poor girl . Ride as fast as you can to the castle , and tell the old Baron Frankenstein we are bringing his son home . - Oh , dear . - Oh , shut up . Come home , Hans . The monster is dead now . Nothing could be left alive in that furnace . Why do you stay here ? I want to see with my own eyes . Oh , Hans , he must be dead . And , dead or alive , nothing can bring our little Maria back to us . If I can see his blackened bones , I can sleep at night . Come back , Hans ! You will be burned yourself ! Maria drowned to death and you burned up ! What should I do then ? No ! ( growls ) Hans . Hans ! Where are you ? Hans ! Are you all right ? I hear you . Here , give me your hand , Hans . Here . ( screams ) ( growls ) ( screams ) ( bangs on door ) Oh , heaven , what is this ? Henry ? Tell me . Oh , milady , how can we tell you ? Bring him in . - Albert . - What do you want ? It 's alive . The monster , it 's alive ! - Ah , shut up , you old fool . - I saw it . It ain 't turned to no skeleton at all . It lived right through the fire . Ah , go bite your tongue off . We don 't believe in ghosts . Nobody 'll believe me . All right , I 'll wash my hands of it . Let ' em all be murdered in their beds . - Speak to me , Henry . - Oh , milady , he 'll never speak again . I was foretold of this . I was told beware my wedding night . Oh , look , milady ! He 's alive ! Henry , darling . Elizabeth . Oh , what a terrible wedding night . You can go to bed now , Mary . - You 'll soon be better . - I feel almost myself again . When you 're strong enough , we 'll go away and forget this horrible experience . Forget ? If only I could forget . But it 's never out of my mind . I 've been cursed for delving into the mysteries of life . Perhaps death is sacred , and I 've profaned it . For what a wonderful vision it was . I dreamed of being the first to give to the world the secret that God is so jealous of . The formula for life . Think of the power to create a man . And I did . I did it . I created a man . And who knows ? In time I could have trained him to do my will . I could have bred a race . I might even have found the secret of eternal life . Henry , don 't say those things . Don 't think them . It 's blasphemous and wicked . We are not meant to know those things . It may be that I 'm intended to know the secret of life . It may be part of the divine plan . No , no . It 's the devil that prompts you . It 's death , not life , that is in it all and at the end of it all . Listen , while you 've been lying here , tossing in your delirium , I couldn 't sleep . And when you rave of your insane desire to create living men from the dust of the dead , a strange apparition has seemed to appear in the room . It comes , a figure like Death . And each time it comes more clearly , nearer . It seems to be reaching out for you , as if it would take you away from me ! There it is . Look . - There . - I see nothing , Elizabeth . Where ? There 's nothing there . There ! There ! It 's coming for you ! Nearer ! Henry ! Henry ! Henry ! Henry ! ( laughs hysterically ) Henry ! ( banging on door ) Albert ! Drat the man . He 's never here when he 's wanted . - What 's the good of footmen anyway ? - ( bell rings ) All right . All right ! Don 't knock the castle over ! We 're not all dead yet . - There 's nobody at home . - Let me in , my good woman . I know the young Baron Frankenstein is at home . He 's sick . He 's in his bed , where all decent folk should be at this time of night . Tell him that Dr Pretorius is here on a secret matter of grave importance , and must see him alone , tonight . Dr Pretorius ? Pretorius ? - What was it ? What was the name ? - Dr Pretorius . There ain 't no such name . Now , you stay there . - Who 's there ? - It 's Minnie , milady . ( Henry ) Oh , come in . It 's Dr Pretorius . He says he wants to see the master . Most insistent . Pretorius ? He 's a very queer-looking old gentleman , sir . And must see you , on a secret , grave matter , he said . Tonight . Alone . - Bring him in . - Henry , who is this man ? Dr Pretorius . Baron Frankenstein now , I believe ? Won 't you come in , Doctor ? I trust you will pardon this intrusion at so late an hour . I would not have ventured to come , had I not a communication to make which I suspect may be of the utmost importance to yourself . This is Professor Pretorius . He used to be Doctor of Philosophy at the university . - But , uh ... - But was booted out . Booted , my dear Baron , is the word . For knowing too much . Henry 's been very ill , Professor . He shouldn 't be disturbed . I am also a doctor , Baroness . Why have you come here tonight ? My business with you , Baron , is private . Elizabeth , please . I do hope he won 't upset Henry . - What do you want ? - We must work together . Never . This is outrageous . I 'm through with it . I 'll have no more of this hell-spawn . As soon as I 'm well , I 'm to be married , and I 'm going away . I must beg you to reconsider . You know , do you not , that it is you , really , who are responsible for all those murders ? There are penalties to pay for killing people . And with your creature still at large in the countryside ... Are you threatening me ? Don 't put it so crudely . I had ventured to hope that you and I together , no longer as master and pupil , but as fellow scientists , might probe the mysteries of life and death ... Never . No further . ... and reach a goal undreamed of by science . I can 't make any further experiments . I 've had a terrible lesson . That is sad , very sad . But you and I have gone too far to stop . Nor can it be stopped so easily . I also have continued with my experiments . That is why I am here tonight . You must see my creation . Have you also succeeded in bringing life to the dead ? If you , Herr Baron , will do me the honour of visiting my humble abode , I think you will be interested in what I have to show you . After 20 years of secret scientific research , and countless failures , I also have created life , as we say , in God 's own image . I must know . When can I see it ? I thought you might change your mind . Why not tonight ? It is not very late . - Is it far ? - No , but you will need a coat . I think your coachman had better wait here . Won 't you sit down , Herr Baron ? Before I show you the results of my trifling experiments , I would like to drink to our partnership . Do you like gin ? It is my only weakness . To a new world of gods and monsters . Creation of life is enthralling , distinctly enthralling , is it not ? I cannot account precisely for all that I am going to show you . But perhaps now that you are my partner , you can . My experiments did not turn out quite like yours , Henry . But science , like love , has her little surprises , as you shall see . Good heavens , Doctor . What are these ? There is a pleasing variety about my exhibits . My first experiment was so lovely that we made her a queen . Charming , don 't you think ? Then , of course , we had to have a king . Now he 's so madly in love with her that we have to segregate them . Now now . I have to be very careful with the king . Now , behave . My next production looked so disapprovingly at the other two that they made him an archbishop . He seems to be asleep . I must wake him up . The next one is the very devil . Very bizarre , this little chap . There 's a certain resemblance to me , don 't you think ? Or do I flatter myself ? I took a great deal of pains with him . Sometimes I have wondered whether life wouldn 't be much more amusing if we were all devils , and no nonsense about angels and being good . Oh , there 's the king out again . Even royal amours are a nuisance . ( squeaking ) ( blows whistle ) Poor Archbishop . He has his hands full . There . That 'll keep you quiet . My little ballerina is charming , but such a bore . She 'll only dance to Mendelssohn 's " Spring Song " , and it gets so monotonous . My next is very conventional , I 'm afraid . But you can never tell how these things will turn out . It was an experiment with seaweed . Normal size has been my difficulty . You did achieve size . I need to work that out with you . But this isn 't science . It 's more like black magic . You think I 'm mad . Perhaps I am . But listen , Henry Frankenstein , while you were digging in your graves piecing together dead tissues , I , my dear pupil , went for my material to the source of life . I grew my creatures , like cultures . Grew them as nature does , from seed . But , still , you did achieve results that I have missed . Now , think . What a world-astounding collaboration we should be , you and I , together . No . No , no , no . Leave the charnel house and follow the lead of nature , or of God , if you like your Bible stories . Male and female , created He them . Be fruitful and multiply . Create a race , a man-made race upon the face of the earth . Why not ? I daren 't . I daren 't even think of such a thing . Our mad dream is only half realised . Alone you have created a man . Now together we will create his mate . You mean ... ? Yes , a woman . That should be really interesting . ( cries out ) Please don 't touch me ! - There she is ! Quick ! - ( screams ) There he is . Shoot . Run to the village , quick . It 's the monster . Tell the burgomaster . - What is it now ? - The monster ! He 's in the woods . Get the bloodhounds . Raise all the men you can , lock the women indoors and wait for me . Now then ! Monster , indeed ! I 'll show him . Follow me . ( growls ) Where is he ? Bind him securely . I don 't want anything slipshod . Tie his feet first . His feet first ! I get no cooperation . None at all . Have you got him ? That 's what I want to know . Have you got him ? Of course we 've got him , my good woman . A good job too . Mind he don 't get loose again . He might do some damage and hurt somebody . - Bring him down when you 've bound him . - You want any help there ? I 'll bind him ! Now take him down to the old dungeon and put him in chains . There you are . Find some rope and tie him up . Come on , then . Get back to your work . Keep still . That 's quite enough . Come and lock your doors . We can 't take all day over this . I 'd hate to find him under my bed at night . He 's a nightmare in the daylight , he is . Get away , there ! Clear that window ! Hah ! You mind your own business and see he doesn 't get out . He 's dangerous . Now I can get back to more important duties . - Way past our hours . - Hm ? - The night , sir . - Monster , indeed . Tush , tush . ( growls ) He 's loose ! Shoot him ! Help ! He 's loose ! Go to your homes . Just an escaped lunatic . Merely wanted someone to handle it , that 's all . Quite harmless . Shoot him ! Why don 't you shoot him ? Where 's Frieda ? Frieda ! Frieda ! - Frieda ? Where 's Frieda ? - She just left . - Oh , look ! - ( screams ) Frieda ! Oh , what have they done to you ? ( terrible scream ) Mrs Newman . Oh ! Come on ! ( moaning ) - Poor old Newman . - Where 's his wife , Frau Newman ? Frau Newman . - Frau Newman ! - Frau Newman ! Frau Newman ! ( moaning ) There 's another one in there . - Frau Newman . - ( gasps ) Aurora , you stay close to me . We 'd better get away from these parts . - It isn 't safe . - Why ? I 'm frightened . The monster . Ah , there 's no danger . He 's safe in jail and they 'll keep him there . Where 's the pepper and salt ? We got no pepper and salt . All right , Mother . I 'll get it . Don 't worry . You shall have your meat . Ah . ( sniffs ) - ( grunts ) - ( screams ) Get away from there . ( cries ) ( growls ) ( # violin plays Schubert 's " Ave Maria " ) ( small grunts of pleasure ) Who 's there ? ( growls ) Who is it ? You 're welcome , my friend , whoever you are . Who are you ? I think you 're a stranger to me . I cannot see you . I cannot see anything . You must please excuse me , but I am blind . ( small grunts ) Come in , my poor friend . No one will hurt you here . If you 're in trouble , perhaps I can help you . But you need not tell me about it if you don 't want to . - What 's the matter ? - ( growls ) You 're hurt , my poor friend . Come . Sit down . Now tell me , who are you ? ( faint moans ) I don 't understand . Can you not speak ? It 's strange . Perhaps ... perhaps you 're afflicted too . I cannot see and you cannot speak . Is that it ? If you understand what I 'm saying , put your hand on my shoulder . That is good . No , you stay here . I 'll get you some food . We shall be friends . I have prayed many times for God to send me a friend . It 's very lonely here , and it 's been a long time since any human being came into this hut . I shall look after you , and you will comfort me . Now you must lie down , and go to sleep . Yes , yes , now you must sleep . Our Father , I thank thee , that , in thy great mercy , thou hast taken pity on my great loneliness . And now , out of the silence of the night , hath brought two of thy lonely children together , and sent me a friend to be a light to mine eyes and a comfort in time of trouble . Amen . And now for our lesson . Remember , this is bread . Bread . Bread . And this is wine ... to drink . - Drink . - Drink . Good . Good . We are friends , you and I. - Friends . - Friends . - Good . - Good ! And now for a smoke . ( laughs ) No , no . This is good . Smoke . You try . Smoke . Good , good . Good . Before you came , I was all alone . It is bad to be alone . Alone . Bad . Friend . Good . Friend . Good . Now , come here . And what is this ? This is wood for the fire . Wood . - And this is fire . - ( growls ) No , no . Fire is good . Fire no good . There is good and there is bad . Good . Bad . Good . Music ? ( knocking ) Can you tell us how to get out of this wood ? We 've lost our way . Come in , friends , and rest a while . - Look . - It 's the monster . ( growls ) What are you doing ? This is my friend . Friend ? This is the fiend that 's been murdering half the countryside . Good heavens , man , can 't you see ? Oh , he 's blind . He isn 't human . Frankenstein made him out of dead bodies . ( growls ) My friend . Why do you do this ? Friend . Look . ( screaming ) ( growls ) Which way did he go ? This way ! He 's gone this way ! Friend . ( tapping ) ( rattling ) - I can smell the ghosts already . - I never could stand graves . Shut up and follow me . Read the inscription . What does it say ? " Died 1899 . Maddalena Ernestine , beloved daughter of ... " Oh , never mind that . How old was she ? " Aged 19 years , three months . " Well , that 's the one . Get to work . - What are you waiting for ? - Mercy on us . - You want me to send you to the gallows ? - Could be no worse than this . - Well , are you ready ? - Yes . Here goes . Pretty little thing , in her way , wasn 't she ? I hope her bones are firm . - It seems lighter now . - Yes . Well , Doctor , I guess that 's all for tonight . - Can we go home now ? - Yes . I shall wait here for a bit . I rather like this place . - Be careful nobody sees you leave . - We know . - And leave me that lantern down there . - All right , all right . If there 's more like this , what do you say , pal ? We give ourselves up and let ' em hang us ? - That goes for me too . - This is no life for murderers . ( laughs ) I give you the monster . ( laughs ) Oh . I thought I was alone . Good evening . Smoke . - Friend . - Yes , I hope so . Have a cigar . They are my only weakness . Good , good . Drink . Good . Good . You make man like me ? No . Woman . - Friend for you . - Woman ? Friend . Yes . I want friend . Like me . I think you can be very useful . And you will add a little force to the argument , if necessary . Do you know who Henry Frankenstein is ? And who you are ? Yes . I know . Made me from dead . I love dead . Hate living . You 're wise in your generation . We must have a long talk , and then I have an important call to make . Woman . Friend . Wife . That Dr Pretorius is here again , sir . There , I knew it . - Send him away . I won 't see him . - I certainly will . Good evening , Henry . Baroness , I 've not yet had the opportunity of offering you my congratulations on your marriage . - Pray accept them now . - Dr Pretorius . I don 't know what your business is but , whatever it may be , I tell you frankly that I am not frightened of it or of you . Henry 's been very ill . He 's in no state to be alarmed or annoyed . Your visit now is most unwelcome . Henry , I heard the carriage drive up . I 'll see that the baggage is put in . Then we 're leaving . I think you know why I am here , Henry . All the necessary preparations are made . My part in the experiments is complete . I have created , by my method , a perfect human brain - already living , but dormant . Everything is now ready for you and me to begin our supreme collaboration . No , no . Don 't tell me of it . I don 't want to hear . I 've changed my mind . I won 't do it . I expected this . I thought we might need another assistant . Perhaps he can persuade you . - Nothing can persuade me . - We shall see . - No ! Not that ! - Oh , he 's harmless , except when crossed . Frankenstein . Yes , there have been developments since he came to me . Sit down . - What do you want ? - You know . - This is your work . - Yes . I 'll have no hand in such a monstrous thing . - Yes . Must . - Get him out . I won 't even discuss it until he 's gone . Go now . ( Iow growl ) Go . - Must do it . - Nothing can make me go on with it . ( growls ) Now . Put the bags in the carriage and I 'll be out in a moment . Go and tell the master to hurry , Minnie , or we shall lose the train . Excuse me for being so nervous , milady , but I don 't like leaving you alone . - Oh , nonsense , Minnie , I shall be all right . - I hope so , milady . Is that you , Henry ? ( screams ) Henry ! Henry , help ! ( screams ) Henry ! Milady ! ( screaming ) - Elizabeth . - ( Minnie screams ) What is it ? What 's the matter ? Oh , sir , she 's gone ! The monster , he 's got her ! I saw it . The baroness is gone ! This is Pretorius ' doing . Quick , search parties . There 's not a moment to lose . ( crash ) I charge you , as you value your mistress ' life , to do nothing and say nothing of this episode . I assure you that the baroness will be safely returned , if you will leave everything to me . Nothing , that is , except what he demands . I can find no trace of Elizabeth . Oh , I admit I 'm beaten . But if you can bring her back , I 'll do anything that you want . Are you ready to complete with me this final experiment ? - What about Elizabeth ? - She is well , and will be safely returned if you will proceed . - I 'm ready . - Ah . Mind the steps . They 're a bit slimy , I expect . I think it 's a charming house . It is interesting to think that once upon a time we should have been burnt at the stake as wizards for this experiment . Doctor , I think the heart is beating . Look . It 's beating . - But the rhythm of the beat is uneven . - Increase the saline solution . - Is there any life yet ? - No , not life itself yet . This is only the simulacrum of life . This action only responds when the current is applied . We must be patient . The heart is more complex than any other part of the body . Look . The beat is increasing . Yes ... - It 's stopped . - Shall I increase the current ? This heart is useless . I must have another . And it must be sound and young . Karl . You must go to your friend at the accident hospital . What we need is a female victim of sudden death . Can you do it ? If you promise me a thousand crowns . It will be well worth it , and the baron will pay . - Yes , yes . Go and get it . - I 'll try . There are always accidental deaths occurring . Always . I 'll get your heart . I 'll go into that room , I 'll go into that room and I 'll take my knife out . I 'll get her . I 'll hold her down and there she 'll be . Where , I ask you ? Where will she be ? A thousand crowns . It 's beating perfectly . Just as in life . - Oh , if only I can keep it going until ... - It was a very fresh one . ( crash ) Where did you get it ? I gave the gendarme 50 crowns . - What gendarme ? - It was a ... - police case . - Yes , very sad . Only , we can 't bother about that now . Can I do anything ? No , no , no ! I can work better alone . ( growls ) - Work . - Where 's Elizabeth ? - Have you brought her ? - She wait . I wait . I 'm exhausted . I must get sleep . Work . Finish . Then sleep . But I can 't work like this . He must go away . Send him away . I 'll settle him for a little while . Drink . Drink . Good . ( drops glass ) ( Pretorius laughs ) That 'll keep you quiet . Elizabeth - she 's dead . Elizabeth is alive and she is well . - I don 't believe you . - I have proof . - Proof ? - In a few moments from now , she will speak to you from where she is through this electrical machine . - Where is she ? - Not far from here . ( buzzing ) Speak , and she will hear you and answer . Yes , yes , this is Henry . Henry , yes , I 'm safe . But , oh , Henry , how long ? Come for me . I 'm in ... Elizabeth ? Elizabeth ! - She 's gone . - That is all now . But you heard her . Yes , she 's alive . As soon as our work is completed she will be returned to you . The heart is beating more regularly now . Yes , it 's been beating for nine hours . Not yet , but soon ... - And the brain ? - Perfect and already in position . - Then we are almost ready . - Almost . Shall we put the heart in now ? - Yes . - Ludwig . It 's beating quite normally now . Bring it over . ( thunder ) - The storm is rising . - All right . The air is heavy with electricity . It 's going to be a terrific storm . We shall be ready . Isn 't it amazing , Henry , that lying here within this cowl is an artificially developed human brain ? Each cell , each convolution ready , waiting for life to come . ( thunder ) Look . The storm is coming up over the mountains . - It will be here soon . - The kites . Are the kites ready ? - Yes . - Send them up as soon as the wind rises . - Hurry , hurry ! - The kites , the kites , get ' em ready . Ludwig ! He wants the kites ! Stand back . Careful on the roof ! The big diffuser ! Wires ! Slip down your wires ! All right . Stop your winches . I 'm coming up ! - Now , off with the kites ! - You take number two , Ludwig . - Have you made your connections ? - Yes . Stand by ! Let go of number one ! Let her go ! It 's coming up ! - Go back . Go back down ! - ( growls ) Go back ! No ! Get away ! Frankenstein ! Get away ! Get away ! ( wild screams ) Don 't come near me ! Get away ! Don 't ! No ! No ! Don 't ! Don 't ! ( screams ) Raise the cosmic diffuser . Remove the diffuser bands . ( Iow moan ) She 's alive ! Alive ! The bride of Frankenstein . Friend ? ( strangled sound ) Friend ? - Stand back . Stand back . - ( growls ) She hate me . Like others . - Look out ! The lever ! - Get away from that lever ! You 'll blow us all to atoms . Henry ! Open the door ! Henry ! - Get back ! Get back ! - I won 't unless you come ! But I can 't leave them ! I can 't ! Yes , go ! You live ! Go ! You stay . We belong dead . ( growls ) ( hisses ) Darling , darling . Hello . This is Scott MacQueen , and we 're about to watch the perfect horror movie , James Whale 's 1935 Universal production of Bride of Frankenstein . Wanting nothing to do with a sequel to his 1931 film Frankenstein , James Whale responded to the inevitable with style , wit and production value . He extracted the absolute best in concept and craft from his cast and technical staff . Every department excels under a director who knew exactly the effect he wanted : An opera of the macabre , distilling ideas and fusing imagery of a myriad antecedents , instilling them with subtext and theme . Mastery , control and purpose inform every frame of this remarkable film . A stellar cast of largely British principals is amended at the bottom with " The Monster 's Mate " played by ... a question mark . The servant walking Lord Byron 's hounds is Irish actress Una O 'Connor . We 'll meet her again in her principal role as Minnie , housekeeper of Castle Frankenstein . This whimsical doubling foreshadows that of actress Elsa Lanchester . In an hour or so , we 'll meet Elsa as the monster 's bride . Here she is as Mary Godwin . The cast list notwithstanding , she 's not Mary Shelley yet . The prologue was conceived by Whale and first written by Edmund Pearson . Pearson created anachronisms , as he put it , " for the benefit of the censors " . In historical reality , English poet Percy Shelley abandoned his wife Harriet and their two children to live abroad with his lover , Mary Godwin . Mary bore their love child , William . They wed only after Harriet 's convenient suicide , coincident with the publication of Frankenstein in 1818 - its author also anonymous , like the cipher in the Universal cast list . Originally , the prologue celebrated the naughty behaviour of its principals . " We are all three infidels , scoffers at marriage ties , believing only in living fully and freely " stated Mary in dialogue cut from the prologue - along with lingering views of Elsa 's décolletage . When Mary refers to " such an audience " , she doesn 't mean her reading public , but her circle of friends . Contract player Frank Lawton was considered to play Shelley . David Niven tested for the part , but was rejected . Screenwriter John Balderston worked the prologue into his second draft , but only in William Hurlbut 's final script was the precision achieved that makes Bride of Frankenstein so memorable . Eight writers worked on it , but the story and language of Bride of Frankenstein is ultimately due almost entirely to William Hurlbut and James Whale . This shot of the funeral cortege was the original opening of Frankenstein , curiously still missing from prints today . As originally recorded , Franz Waxman 's music for the prologue ran 5 ¾ minutes , indicating that the sequence has been trimmed by nearly two minutes . Waxman scored the prologue as salon music of the early 19th century , utilising strings and celeste to create a delicate minuet in A-B-C-A form : Statement , development , followed by a scherzo as the original picture 's horrors are relived in flashback . The scherzo is a minor-key desyncopated variation of the minuet . At each depiction of the monster is sounded a nine-note ascending / descending chromatic run , patterned on the monster 's growl . It will recur as a danger motif several times in the score , usually in conjunction with a five-tone third-interval motif for the monster . The motif that we heard in the main title is saved for Karloff 's first entrance . That was Torben Meyer being throttled by the monster - the only new footage in the flashback . Meyer played the Danish tenant in Universal 's Murders in the Rue Morgue . Some thought the prologue immaterial . Film editor Ted Kent argued for its complete elimination . As the flashback ends , the demure 'A ' section of the minuet returns . The anticipatory mood is reflected as the violins play the minuet col legno , tapping the wood of their bows on the strings . The metre slows , the musical phrase fails to complete , the key changes to minor with drawn strings . In what period and place is this story occurring ? Post-Tesla generators , telephonic electrical devices and 1930s marcelled hairstyles will coexist with a peasantry by Brueghel . Burgomasters and serfs with Teutonic names like Hans and Karl speak in accents hailing from Glasgow , County Cork and Pasadena . Quote : " I 've taken the rest of the story far into the future and made use of developments which science will someday know , 100 years to come " , said Mary Shelley in dialogue removed from the prologue , rationalising an alternate universe peppered with anachronisms . Gilbert and Sullivan 's The Mikado takes place in a Japan that is suspiciously like Victorian England . In similar fashion , the English-born Whale has created a Goldstadt that is really a British never-never land . Several 1935 press squibs actually stated that the locale for the picture is England . In a contemporary interview , Whale explained . " The whole of the theatre , both stage and screen , is unreal , and if , for 1 ½ hours , the audience can be transported into a strange atmosphere in which unnatural things happen , but appear to happen naturally and believably , the object of the film producer is accomplished . " " While the intention is a thrilling melodrama " , states a production note , " it is punctuated by the comedy of the burgomaster and the housekeeper , who voice the scepticism of the audience in the manner of The Invisible Man . " Whale knew during the writing who would play these two . Essentially reprising their roles from that 1933 film are Whale favourites EE Clive as the burgomaster and Una O 'Connor as Minnie , the housekeeper . The parts were written for these specific performers . The unforgettable role of Dr Pretorius was apparently tailored for Claude Rains . It is not known why Rains bowed out . According to later studio memos , he declined the Basil Rathbone part in Son of Frankenstein because it was a horror picture . Ernest Thesiger , another Whale favourite , filled the gap , dramatically changing the movie 's orbit . The old Baron Frankenstein , referred to here , is never mentioned again . In the preview version , the news of Henry 's alleged death did the old man in . The baron wasn 't shown , but the priest and altar boys attending last rites were , and they can still be found in one or two production stills . The parents of Maria , the child drowned in the original film , are played by Reginald Barlow and Mary Gordon . Michael Mark , the father in Frankenstein , was called Ludwig . Reginald Barlow , here called Hans , appeared in the concurrent Werewolf of London as the estate caretaker , Timothy . Upon reviewing the November 30th , 1934 , shooting script , Joseph Breen , the omnipotent censor of the Production Code Administration , wrote the studio " We counted ten separate scenes in which the monster either strangles or tramples people to death - this in addition to murders by secondary characters . " " Such a great amount of slaughter is unwise , and we recommend earnestly that you do something about toning this down . " Whale balked : " Kill them all . Let Breen sort them out . " Whale 's first cut contained no less than 21 deaths either committed or alluded to . After Breen 's sorting , the casualty rate plummeted to a mere ten confirmed decedents . Franz Waxman 's famous five-note motif for the monster , usually played by brass , provides the backbone of the score , and will recur in various guises and developments , including flutter tonguing for danger and harmon mutes for comic effect . As developed , it comments both on the creature and other characters ' reactions to him . Poor Mary Gordon is Hans ' wife . Her Mrs Hudson suffered for years the eccentricities of Basil Rathbone in the Sherlock Holmes films . The Scottish-born actress is tossed into the cistern here by Boris Karloff , and would be throttled by Lon Chaney in The Mummy 's Tomb . She survived a rematch with Karloff in The Body Snatcher , only to see Boris bludgeon her wee doggie and steal her son 's corpse . That 's Hollywood for you . Jack Pierce brilliantly extrapolated Karloff 's make-up in Bride , creating several stages of distress and regeneration , all in narrative continuity . The wounded monster healed progressively . Karloff seems fleshier because he is more padded than in the first film . The need to speak means that he does not remove his dental plate this time , forfeiting the cadaverous sunken cheek . Nor did Pierce paint him with as many hollows . The hollow in the monster 's cheek became an annoying grace note until , in Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man , it looked like Bela Lugosi 's monster and Ilona Massey 's heroine both sported duelling beauty marks . Elizabeth , the true bride of Frankenstein , played by a 17-year-old Valerie Hobson - truly a child bride . Whale would have liked Mae Clarke , his original , but her frail health by 1935 made this impossible . D 'Arcy Corrigan , who plays the morgue attendant in Murders in the Rue Morgue , delivers the bad news to Valerie . He is flanked by the family of Whale 's longtime companion David Lewis . His mother , Fanny Levy , is the chubby peasant , his father , Pon Levy , the stout , bearded man . David 's sister , Leah Bishan , is the sweet-faced girl blinking back tears . Leah 's daughter recalls Uncle Jimmy helping the Levys survive the Depression with extra work in Bride , One More River and The Road Back . How soon after Frankenstein was a sequel planned ? According to Robert Florey , that film 's disinvited director , almost immediately . Florey submitted an unsolicited seven-page treatment , which was returned to him without comment in February 1932 . Frankenstein hit , a money machine , and Carl Laemmle Junior wanted more . James Whale refused , finding the entire premise repellent . Former newspaperman Tom Reed wrote a sequel in June and July 1933 , floating random chunks of the Shelley novel into his own mindless stew . The now-educated monster demands a mate , killing Elizabeth for body parts . Henry destroys himself and his creatures . The old baron , written as the grumpy Frederick Kerr from the first film , monopolises the first half of the script until the monster mercifully chokes him . Then bad comedy with villagers , the bishop , a gay dance-instructor , take over . Henry steals the legs of Frau von Hassenbagovitz from a pompous undertaker 's embalming room , he ambulance-chases a train wreck to scavenge body parts , and steals the hydrocephalic head of a suicided circus giantess to build the bride . A glimmer or two emerge from the dross to be retained - the monster seeing his reflection in a pool , his education in speech , the befriending of a blind man , the mate , the destruction of the lab , and the thematic seed of religious piety . Josef Berne and Morton Coyne prepared an independent treatment based on Reed 's material that was equally uneventful . By September 1933 , Kurt Neumann was announced to direct , but the returns on The Invisible Man made Whale the obvious commercial - protesting - choice . " They 've had a script prepared " , he told The Invisible Man 's writer , RC Sherriff , " and it stinks to heaven . " Whale was preparing One More River with Sherriff , a property Whale was passionate about , but that made the Laemmles yawn . A bargain was made : One for James , one for the Laemmles . Whale resigned himself to the sequel . Two original treatments were evolved independently by mystery writers Lawrence Blochman and Philip MacDonald , in December 1933 . Blochman 's treatment seems partially inspired by Todd Browning 's 1932 film Freaks . Henry and Elizabeth , incognito , have joined a travelling carnival as puppeteers . They re-enact the monster 's drama with marionettes . All the carnival oddities have spouses and lovers - even Emma , the lion tamer , who boasts about how she beats her husband even as she dallies with Fifi , the giantess . Enter the monster , wanting a love match . The bride is produced in a carnival wagon and the enraged monster dies in the jaws of Emma 's lions . Philip MacDonald 's story was absolutely up to date , equally original as Blochman 's and equally useless . War clouds over Europe , and Henry has developed his delta death ray , that he wishes to sell to the League of Nations as a deterrent to war . Henry has neglected his sickly wife Elizabeth , over whom family friend Victor Moritz is still spooning . A nocturnal demonstration of the ray inadvertently revives the monster , and a second exposure gives him superhuman strength . The monster plays with the apparatus ' dials like a child , inadvertently raining death and destruction across Europe , decimating whole cities . A remorseful Henry apologises to his creature , vaporises him with the ray , and then immolates himself in its beam . It was written that Elizabeth 's vision would be a classical grim reaper , a ghost of Christmas yet-to-come , bearing a strong whiff of the monster . It would have been dangerous to go over the top so early on , with so many fancies yet to come . Far better to drop the other shoe with the arrival of Dr Pretorius , a literal figure of death . We 're ready for our wake-up call , Dr P. Promethean hubris drives the story - or this telling of it . Henry rationalises his blasphemy by conjecturing that his actions are part of the divine plan : The devil didn 't make him do it , God did . Having created a shambling revenant with unpredictable powers , Frankenstein refuses to take responsibility for its care or destruction . Whale was a man of absolutely no religious convictions , according to his biographer , James Curtis . It is fashionable to view the religious parable and Christ imagery in Bride of Frankenstein as mocking , and to attribute it to Whale 's nonconformity . This view assumes the fey Dr Pretorius is the director 's absolute alter ego , and that the godless reprobate represents an alternative to the vulgar Philistines of Goldstadt . As the movie unfolds , I will suggest that the story 's thesis is larger . His entrance here is yet another one of Whale 's bravura stage entrances . Several pages of dialogue , eliminated here , made it clear that this is an old acquaintance . Pretorius had been Henry 's teacher at school , passing on his forbidden Promethean knowledge . Henry 's indiscretions in monstermaking had been traced to the doctor , causing Pretorius to be sacked . Pretorius also made it clear that the monster is most likely immortal . The invisible man merely dreamt of walking into the holy of holies . Dr Pretorius has done it , and stolen God 's fire . Like all worthy devils , Pretorius is magnetic . He fascinates us with wit , intelligence , self-assurance . He tempts us by giving voice to our worst impulses . He controls destiny , irresponsibly and without consequence . Disdainful of women , contemptuous of mankind and God , utterly self-absorbed , ingenuous about vice , Pretorius is literally one hell of a guy . He is the climax of a noble line of cinematic Mephistos that include Mr Scratch in All That Money Can Buy and Emil Jannings ' primordial Mephistopheles in FW Murnau 's Faust . The return of Frankenstein malingered while Whale shot One More River and developed A Trip To Mars , which was ultimately abandoned . He asked RC Sherriff to work on the sequel of Frankenstein , but Sherriff refused , as he said , " to spend his summer writing pulp " . Whale conceived a prologue with Mary Shelley as a frame , and Edmund Pearson wrote the earliest treatment . Whale hired John Balderston , coauthor of the Dracula and Frankenstein plays , and coauthor of the film The Mummy . Now Hollywood 's horror specialist , Balderston would contribute to such films as Mad Love , Dracula 's Daughter and Mark of the Vampire . Raised in the Quaker faith , John Balderston balanced grim brutality and equally grim religious moralising in his stories . He worked through June and July 1934 on a workmanlike but unmagical script that supplies a road map but no gas . Rough narrative lines are there , but no spirit . Elsa Lanchester is indicated as the player for Mary Shelley and the monster 's mate . The soul of the picture arrived with William Hurlbut in November 1934 . Born in Illinois in 1886 , Hurlbut had been a New York playwright for 30 years . He arrived at Universal as a dialogue writer - on pictures such as The Cat Creeps - when talkies came in . Trained as an illustrator , background in theatre , a confirmed bachelor , Hurlbut and Whale shared much common ground . Whale wanted to treat the film as a hoot , and he found the idea of a female monster delirious . He preferred the title " Bride of Frankenstein " . With Hurlbut , Whale re-engineered the story on fanciful , witty lines . Dr Pretorius , his miniature creations , Minnie , and the burgomaster , were born . Balderston 's piety was rather suspect . In his finale , the monster jealously kills Henry and the mate . In an unbelievably maudlin scene , a priest , Father Gerard , convinces the monster to accept God - and indeed , he proves his love by dispatching the hapless brute with a lightning bolt . Deus ex machina . With Hurlbut , Whale developed the spiritual subtext into something meaningful and special . To a new world of gods and monsters . The perfect line , the perfect staging : English gin in a chemist 's retort , as drunken science toasts itself . The cabinet of Dr Pretorius . He has donned a medieval skullcap , an archaic fashion associated with alchemy , as depicted in Murnau 's Faust and Paul Wegener 's The Golem . More like black magic than science . Pretorius is wardrobed in black , with high , white , nearly clerical collar and cuffs , like an English country vicar . The skullcap makes the image discordant : The Reverend Dr Pretorius , High Priest of Satanic Arts . Special effects men John Fulton and David Horsley shot the little people over two days in full-scale jars against black velvet . This was meticulously lined up to match the production plates of Thesiger , Clive and the practical jars . The film , or foreground plate , of the tiny people was rotoscoped , then matted into the background plate . As usual with John Fulton , the optical work is flawless . Joan Woodbury , formerly Nana Martinez , was at the start of her career portraying the queen . In short order , she was a busy B-picture ingénue . The king is the image of Henry Vlll , 16th-century English sovereign . Henry defied the Catholic Church to divorce Catherine of Aragon . The rutting monarch is portrayed by English actor Arthur S Byron . No , not Sir Joseph Whemple in The Mummy - that was Arthur " Pops " Byron . Elsa Lanchester 's husband , Charles Laughton , had just copped an Academy Award playing Henry for Alex Korda . Norman Ainsley is the drowsy archbishop . The religious parody is probably institutional , not canonical . The screenplay even indicated the cleric 's mitre askew at a " deliberately nonepiscopal angle " . Peter Shaw plays the devil - not as a cloven-hoofed satyr , as in the script , but as an urbane Mephisto . Franz Waxman provides an off-kilter quotation from Faust by Charles Gounod . He would again write musical miniatures for Todd Browning 's The Devil-Doll . Monte Montague is the stunt double as the mini monarch is airlifted to his jar . If you slow down the soundtrack , you can hear an engineer say " And the king gets picked up by the ears . " Montague was the sleepy policeman in The Invisible Man . Bride received its only Academy Award nomination for Best Sound Recording . Kansas DeForest plays the tiny toe-dancer . Josephine McKim , in blonde wig and fins , was a 1932 Olympic swim champion . She was also Maureen O 'Sullivan 's nude body double in the erotic underwater pas de deux with Johnny Weissmuller in 1934 's Tarzan and His Mate . In the right front bottle , seen from behind , is Billy Barty as the baby , seated in a highchair , rending a flower to bits and waving his rattle . Whale went over the top here , and wisely eliminated the main business . The tyke is described as " looking like it might develop into Boris Karloff . " " I think this baby will grow into something worth watching " , quipped Pretorius . The censors softened Pretorius 's reference to scripture as " fairy tales " to " Bible stories " . Thesiger restores blasphemy with his inimitable reading of the line . A book novelisation was prepared in England in 1936 by author Michael Harrison , writing as Michael Egremont . Harrison recalls consulting the script and a single screening - but once was enough . In his story , Harrison coyly enunciates the flamboyant homosexuality that Thesiger brings to the character . Quote : " I disobey the Biblical injunction 'be fruitful and multiply ' . " " ' You " ' he tells Henry , " ' have the choice of natural means , but as for me , I am afraid there is no course open to me but the scientific method . ' He chuckled throatily . " Curtain down on act one . Bride of Frankenstein has three neat acts , each lasting about 25 minutes . Karloff portrays the monster as a lost soul desperately seeking contact with humanity and desiring friendship . He 's met by a population that responds with nothing but cruelty and anger . Whale 's brilliance in cutting is evident here . Cutting back to the hand already over the mouth , truncating the action for effect . Among the villagers is John George , a diminutive actor whose stature - or lack of it - made him a fixture as a decorative gargoyle in pictures like Babes in Toyland , East of Java and Trick for Trick . You 'll spot him again , pushing to the front of the crowd before the dissolve . The sets for the earlier forest scenes are lush with waterfalls , grass and fir trees . Here , as the monster is pursued by the mob , Whale , himself a former stage designer , has instructed art director Charles D Hall to provide an expressionistic forest of the dead - dirt , rocks , leafless trees like upright telephone poles , all the better to play the monster 's crucifixion . Whale is often incorrectly called expressionistic - Whale used expressionism when it suited him , as in this sequence and the " OI ' Man River " number in Show Boat . Bride , if anything , is rococo , a robust co-mingling of baroque , gothic , the decorative , the expressionistic and the derivative . Dwight Frye , body snatcher to the stars , is first glimpsed leaning against a tree . David Lewis 's sister is again kibitzing with the rabble . There 's Dwight . Mr Levy , wearing spectacles and leaning on his cane , has just darted behind EE Clive . The point is not that the monster is Christ . In Christian theology , Jesus is the redeemer . His death and resurrection contain the promise of eternal life . The monster is the son of man , a gross parody of all that is human , lacking the divine spark and therefore a mockery of the divine . Whale was an ironist , not a parodist . He doesn 't crucify the monster to suggest that Golgotha was a cosmic joke , he punches our buttons by inverting a fundamental tradition of Western culture : The monster , the son of man , is resurrected from the dead , then crucified . Strangely enough , the film would open on Good Friday , 1935 . Everything about the look of the film is stylised . Nowhere do we see a natural sky . With glowering , painted skies , it 's as if a thunderstorm is always looming . Here , the sky is filled with an architectural matte painting by Jack Cosgrove and Russell Lawson . These are the only back-lot exteriors in the picture , tightly composed on the German village set from All Quiet on the Western Front . The monster 's jailer here , who gives EE Clive some lip , is Charlie Murphy , curator of the Universal zoo in the early ' 30s and a frequent bit player in action pictures for Universal and Republic . Thanks to Breen , much of the monster 's rampage was cut - actually improving the picture . The fatter film contained a vignette in the morgue , followed by an inquest sequence where Minnie and others admit not actually witnessing any murders . The pompous burgomaster is insisting there is no monster when the creature plucks him through a window and cuffs him about the head . Just as Minnie was spared at the ruined mill , the burgomaster is a fool figure , the voice of the audience - he can be humbled , but he must not be killed . Fleeing in the crowd , we then met Auntie and Uncle Glutz , played by Tempe Pigott and Gunnis Davis , and their nephew , played by Dwight Frye in his amalgamated state . At their house , nephew killed his uncle and stole his hoard , blaming it on the monster . The scene closed as nephew pondered the convenience of a scapegoat and mused that the monster might soon visit auntie . The communion girl who speaks is Helen Parrish , sister of film director Robert Parrish . Helen grew up to become a leading lady in Three Smart Girls Grow Up and was Boris Karloff 's ingénue in You 'll Find Out in 1940 . A shot of Frieda 's mother carrying the body was cut by the censor . Gossiping with Una O 'Connor is David Lewis 's mother , Fanny Levy , earning her seven and a half dollars a day extra-player 's pay . Poor old Newman has been hacked to death by the monster . That 's Walter Brennan handling the murder weapon . Mr and Mrs Newman 's moans were dubbed in later to lessen the official body count . Perhaps they aren 't dead yet , but , in Monty Python fashion , are feeling much better after the dissolve . The Gypsy camp was added during reshoots in April to bridge the deletions in the village . Maurice Black plays the Gypsy man , and Elspeth Dudgeon is his sour mother . She 's made up to evoke Eva Moore 's crusty matriarch in The Old Dark House . Elspeth also appeared in that film - billed as John Dudgeon - as the 102-year-old family patriarch . Whale used her again in Show Boat and The Great Garrick . She is memorable as the titular villain in a loony 1938 horror comedy for Warner Bros , Sh / The Octopus . Elspeth played the octopus , not the imperative , and her transformation as the grandmother from hell was an unsung high point of ' 30s horror movies . In a sequence inspired by Shelley 's novel , the monster finds refuge with a blind hermit . Whale had shut the picture down February 19th to March 2nd , 1935 , waiting for OP Heggie to finish a picture at RKO Radio Pictures . Whale was on dangerous ground here - with the censor and the audience . One false step , and this delicately charged material could explode into maudlin sentimentality , ecclesiastical heresies or baggy-pants burlesque . The integrity of this performance from Heggie was crucial , or we would have had Mel Brooks 45 years ahead of schedule . The hermit is a saintly figure , aged , bearded , possessed of inner sight , deliberately wardrobed to suggest a New Testament figure . Breen had cautioned Whale that his script contained references to Dr Frankenstein that " compare him to God , and which compare his creation of the monster to God 's creation of man . " " All such references should be eliminated . " Craftily , Whale and Hurlbut retained these as shooting drew nearer . Three weeks before production , Whale helpfully reminded Breen of his oversight in his last communication : " There are points about God , entrails , immortality and mermaids , which you did not bring up again , and I am very anxious to have the script meet with your approval in every detail . " Greg Mank asked Valerie Hobson late in her life if she could pinpoint why Bride of Frankenstein remained so popular . She replied " Karloff is so moving , like one of the great clowns who make you cry . " " I think this was the secret of its enduring success . " Franz Waxman asked for Clifford Vaughan as his orchestrator specifically because of Vaughan 's expertise with the organ . The instrument is associated with sacred music , evident in this solo rendition of Schubert 's " Ave Maria " . Oliver Wallace , later a mainstay of Disney 's music department , was the session player on a Wurlitzer-style theatre organ . Elsewhere , the organ is used for profane colour , notably in the danse macabre of the crypt sequence and in multiple renditions of the bride 's theme . Vaughan also orchestrated for staff composers Edward Ward and Heinz Roemheld in 1934-35 . He was also a fine composer , contributing the memorable main title and recap music to Universal 's first Flash Gordon serial . Film editor Ted Kent maintained that he executed the glowing crucifix behind this scene all on his own . Whale didn 't much care for it , but let it stay . Symbols of Christian ritual are hidden in plain sight . When the monster says " Bread good , wine good " , he is really reading the Eucharist . This is his Last Supper , complete with the holy sacraments of bread and wine . Soon the Romans will come for him . Perhaps this explains Dr Pretorius 's otherwise inexplicable name : From " praetor " , a Roman magistrate . Like his namesake , Pretorius is his own law , meting out life and death . Thesiger would play a genuine praetor in the CinemaScope epic The Robe . In teaching the monster the pleasures of a cigar , Whale lets the creature indulge in the director 's own trademark habit . When fire threatened to engulf Whale 's home in the early 1950s , his cigars were the one thing he cared to rescue , and stood by , calmly puffing , as he watched the blaze . Karloff thought giving the monster speech was stupid , and destroyed whatever impact he had . He argued against it . Karloff was right , for speech removed the alien remoteness of the creature . But the monster could now no longer be the totemic black Injun of the first film . He had to be an evolving character and interact with the others , or he would become the lifeless prop Karloff sensed coming into being after Son of Frankenstein . Universal publicists refused to believe the novelty was gone . A New York Times squib reported that , during production , Laemmle insisted that Karloff wear a veil over his monstrous features when walking to and from the stage - the same gambit they had milked in 1931 . The Times reporter was sceptical - who , in 1935 , didn 't know already what the monster looked like ? The melody being fiddled is an original by Franz Waxman called " Children 's Theme " , that will be quoted later at the end of this sequence . The hunters - on the left , John Carradine , and Robert Adair . Whale had used Carradine in a small part in The Invisible Man . In the 1940s , Carradine added the role of Dracula to his considerable résumé . In late life , Carradine raised eyebrows by insisting that he had turned down the role of the Frankenstein monster in 1931 . Karloff emits the warning growl which Franz Waxman picked up on as the monster 's secondary danger-motif . Shortly , the monster will stumble into a group of children and be posed before an icon of Jesus Christ . He beseeches the children , and is again rejected by humanity . Marilyn Harris , the drowned Maria of the first film , is the children 's leader . Also fleeing in the gaggle is child actress Carmencita Johnson . Whale upgraded Marilyn 's silent bit with one word of dialogue , making the part a higher-paying speaking role . He would use Marilyn again in Show Boat and The Road Back . Balderston 's July 23rd script had the angry monster wrestle and destroy a stone angel in the cemetery - literally a fallen angel . Hurlbut 's shooting script had the monster come upon a crucified Nazarene , etched against a glowering sky . Seeing it as a living figure , tortured as he has been , the monster toppled the effigy and attempted to free it from the cross . The Breen office told Whale in no uncertain terms to find another monument . Whale salvaged the ghost of the intention by including the unmolested Christ icon in the margin . Censor cuts in Frankenstein perverted the poignant encounter with a little girl into an act of paedophilic depravity . As if Pretorius , the burgomaster and Minnie jointly ran the Production Code Administration , the most resonant Christian image was twisted into an act of godlessness . Casting sheets show that Dwight Frye was originally cast for his part here as Ghoul Number One . A screenplay anachronism retained Fritz , the hunchback assistant who had been killed in the first film . Dwight Frye Jr recalls that Whale helped his father by creating roles , and Frye 's Karl is an amalgam of four characters in the Hurlbut script - Pretorius 's servant , first Ghoul , Nephew Glutz and Fritz . This is why Frye has two different partners . Neil Fitzgerald , here in the crypt , is Rudy , aka Ghoul Number Two . Ted Billings , as Ludwig , will help to fly the kites at the climax . Dwight Frye 's reading of the tombstone gives the story a definite anchor in time . He tells us the girl died in 1899 . Corruption is complete , and now , years later , only her bones remain . As Universal 's press book stated in 1935 , " The time of the story is the present " - though clearly an alternate universe . Déjeuner sur le crypte . The drunken doctor blows smoke in the face of death , just as Henry tossed dirt at the grim reaper in the original film . Franz Waxman titled this cue " Danse Macabre " , using organ and padded xylophone to mock the skeletal décor in three-quarter time . This is the role of a lifetime for Ernest Thesiger . A true eccentric , his performance draws much from his private persona . Valerie Hobson remembered him as a terribly sweet man with a good heart . " I don 't think he had a very strong male approach to things , " she told historian Greg Mank . " He was one of the very first people to make , almost , camp fun . " " He did it as a serious thing , you know . " " Sort of the arched eyebrow and arched nostril . " Elsa Lanchester recalled him as weird , strange and acid-tongued . Thesiger opened in the play A Sleeping Clergyman at the Theatre Guild , New York , on October 8th , 1934 . When it closed after 40 performances , he was able to train west to join the cast of Bride after the New Year . Reading Pretorius 's dialogue , it is easy to hear Claude Rains ' brushed-velvet tones and imagine the cynical , twinkling bemusement with which he played Captain Renault in Casablanca . That same dialogue plays very differently when enunciated by the man who , in The Old Dark House , spoke the phrase " Have a potato " and endowed it with seven levels of malevolence . Thesiger 's best film roles are all macabre . Less well-known than The Old Dark House and The Ghoul are his parts as Marley 's undertaker in the Alistair Sim version of Scrooge , the asthmatic industrial tycoon , swathed in furs , in The Man in the White Suit , a 19th-century wraith who must release his dead lover 's soul from the body of a possessed girl in the 1948 British thriller A Place of One 's Own , and the milk-toast Mr Hoover , the silk-stocking killer of the 1938 Warner Bros British production They Drive by Night . Pretorius 's preoccupation with the female being radiates an unhealthy , prurient interest . As the monster realises the implication of the word " wife " , Thesiger 's glance suggests that Pretorius will be a most interested spectator on the honeymoon . Whale had a good film editor in Ted Kent , but Kent was the first to credit his director with pinpointing precisely where and when to cut , both to punch dialogue and to catch the eye . Notice these opposing shots of Thesiger and Clive , each pushing in to close-ups . This symmetrical pairing of shots will be seen again in the creation sequence . Another bravura entrance here , as the monster is revealed at the door . The successively closer cuts play on our memory of the first film and repeat its impact . Whale reveals his strange characters in this fashion frequently - Rains in The Invisible Man , Karloff in The Old Dark House , even Colin Clive in One More River . This time the monster is the master , as the " sit down " tutorial from the first film is inverted , with Henry as pupil . In Hurlbut 's script , Elizabeth is stolen off-screen . Valerie and Boris were to appear together for only one shot in the cave . Whale realised he had omitted the beauty-and-the-beast ritual , and seized this opportunity to make , not a parody , but a reprise , of Elizabeth 's symbolic rape in the first film . The setting is again the bedroom , but with Frau Frankenstein no longer a Fräulein , the bed is less functional furniture than associative backdrop to Elizabeth 's abduction by her robber bridegroom . Here 's another example of Whale and Hurlbut 's good theatrical instincts . As written , Pretorius and Dr Frankenstein remain together during this episode . Pretorius merely shrugs at the suggestion that he is behind the abduction . On the set , Whale contrived for Pretorius to make another grand entrance , smashing the bric-a-brac while the camera dollies in to a low angle to punch the impact of the moment . Here 's another Whale trademark : Moving his camera through the wall of a set . The watchtower set from the first film is revisited , with a crossbeam now spanning the staircase - just in case one feels like hanging oneself from a convenient rafter . The mordant pleasantries about slimy steps and the charms of the house are ad-libs . The next four minutes are mainly the contribution of John Balderston . The immediate necessity of a fresh heart is a full incident retained from his script . Pretorius 's line to Henry about " once upon a time being burnt at the stake as wizards for the experiment " is rather ingenuous . He fails to consider that kidnapping , grave-robbing , corpse mutilation and murdering young girls for their body parts - have I forgotten anything ? - Might merit the gallows , if not the stake . This line was spoken in Balderston 's script by a professor of anatomy , while energising dead frog parts with a galvanic battery . In his screenplay , Balderston shamelessly rehashed the medical-school business of the first film , even to reviving the deceased hunchback Fritz . Apparently nothing is impossible when your boss is Dr Frankenstein . Fritz procures a desiccated specimen , enraging Henry , who demands a fresh one , and offers the 1,000-crown bounty . Fritz obliges - in the Great Depression people would do anything for money . Having appeared in every crowd scene in the film for seven and a half dollars a day , it seemed the only way to get rid of David Lewis ' sister , Leah Bishan , was to kill her . But it was worth it for Leah - records show that the Goldstadt street victim was a 50-dollar turn . Hardly 1,000 crowns , but not to be sneezed at in 1935 . One myth that has been repeated over the years held that the fresh heart for the bride was at one time intended to be Elizabeth 's . A still of Dwight Frye hovering near Valerie Hobson with a knife , and the bride 's instantaneous attraction to Henry , have been cited as proofs . At no time was this ever considered . More 's the pity that it wasn 't - it 's in tune with the story , and Elizabeth died anyway in the final cataclysm - at least , until the preview . The monster 's recitation of the work ethic to Henry is also courtesy of Balderston . Cinematographer John Mescall had first worked for Whale on The Invisible Man before filming By Candlelight , The Kiss Before the Mirror , Bride of Frankenstein and Show Boat for the director . Mescall was an alcoholic . On the set he was efficient and produced luminous work - provided that he made it to the set , which the studio ensured by sending a car daily . Despite a good rapport , Whale finally sacked Mescall for drunkenness on the set of the much-troubled The Road Back . By the late ' 50s , he was working for Roger Corman , and ended his days on skid row . His work on Bride ranks it as one of the most exquisitely photographed films ever . In a 1935 interview with Movie Makers , magazine of the Amateur Cinema League , Mescall spoke of his use of Rembrandt lighting and asserted that , despite the greasepaint Jack Pierce applied , the monster was never intended to be a jolly green giant , but " a dead-white corpse . " With variations , Rembrandt lighting is used throughout - a hard and contrasty light , with deep , rich shadows and brilliant highlights . It involves neither a straight crosslight nor a flat light from the front , but a combination of the two , with the light originating from a point in front and to one side of the objects to be photographed . This tends to impart a roundness to the features , and this pseudo-stereoscopic effect is heightened by having a dark background behind the bright side of the face , and vice versa . " It was our desire to maintain an eerie , mysterious atmosphere . " " Supplementary lights were projected from odd angles , especially for Karloff . " " Many settings were filled with dark shadows . " " The sets themselves had distorted walls , involving many angles and offsets . " " In scenes in which only the monster appeared , the camera , with a short-angle lens , was placed low and comparatively close to the subject , and thus was gained the impression of a distorted figure and unusual height . " " In contrast , we placed the camera at a high elevation in photographing the rascally Pretorius , and thus achieved the effect of a bulging cranium . " " To give the effect of deadness , Karloff 's make-up was blue-green in colour , and the light was projected through blue filters . " " When other characters appeared with him , the make-ups of the others were pink or reddish in tone , and lights of a corresponding shade had to be trained on them , while the blue lights must be shielded from them . " The laboratory scenes are patterned in equal parts on sequences from two silent films produced in Europe . They are the creation of the female robot in Fritz Lang 's 1927 Metropolis , filmed in Germany , and the medieval climax of the 1926 Rex Ingram film The Magician , filmed in France . Kenneth Strickfaden built the electrical apparatus . " I got my start in high school from my interest in science " he said . " Otherwise , I might have been a teenage werewolf . " His high-voltage Art-Deco assemblages - all sizzle and no steak - are the original light show , a defining image of science fiction . Mrs Strickfaden didn 't think much of horror pictures . " She 's no fan " he said . " I have to remind her that she lives in a house built and paid for by Frankenstein . " Universal 's publicity claimed , after the fact , that an intense hunt had been mounted to engage the bride . The exhibitor 's trade magazine , Universal Weekly , named a few also-rans : Brigitte Helm , the malevolent female robot from Metropolis , Phyllis Brooks , a fashion model just edging her way into supporting roles , and Arletta Duncan , a Universal bit player who had been Mae Clarke 's maid of honour in Frankenstein . Poor Arletta - always a bridesmaid , never a bride . But Whale knew who he wanted , and Elsa Lanchester 's name , with a question mark , is prominent on the cast page of Balderston 's first draft of June 9th , 1934 . It 's still there six weeks later in the July 23rd script , only now Elsa is indicated as both Mary Shelley and the mate . Ted Kent 's montage for the creation sequence is as artistically valid as anything by Sergei Eisenstein - and it won 't give you an urge to take up collective farming . It was noted in the 1970s that the first three notes of the bride 's musical theme are the same as the first three notes of the song " Bali Hai " from South Pacific . By the 1990s , this casual observation became conflated into an urban legend that had Franz Waxman receiving a hefty settlement from Oscar Hammerstein . The Waxman archives confirm that no litigation occurred . Franz would hardly sue the librettist of a Richard Rodgers composition , and there are , after all , only eight notes in the diatonic scale . Waxman 's score for Fritz Lang 's 1933 French production Liliom for Fox Europa caught Whale 's ear - particularly the ethereal music for the heaven sequence , with its airy colouring of celeste and ondes Martenot , an early electronic instrument . Mere days before production started on January 2nd , Whale and Waxman met at a Christmas party . Whale explained that nothing in the story would be resolved , everyone would die , and offered Waxman the job if he would give him an unresolved musical score . The orchestra for the Bride sessions was conducted by Constantin Bakaleinikoff . Session photographs show 32 players on the recording stage , 14 of whom are violinists . Orchestration sheets reveal that at its largest the orchestra had 40 players . Waxman music appeared memorably in Universal 's Flash Gordon serials . Cues from his score have been recorded by Charles Gerhardt and Erich Kunzel . In 1993 , Kenneth Alwyn conducted the first substantial recording of the nearly complete score . Waxman 's use of timpani here echoes the heartbeat of the monster bride . Boris 's monster in the first film looked like triage at an auto wreck , his face and torso swathed in bandages , naked legs truncating in size 16 , triple-E foot splints . The script called for the mate to give the effect of an Egyptian mummy , and this was realised exactly , including leg bindings . Will the bride be beautiful or ghastly ? Whale fools us with quick , progressively closer cuts , deliberately non-matching , alternating from diffuse to crisp . He even has the actress ' mouth stuffed with wadding to distort and swell her features for one flash cut . Dr Pretorius , bridesmaid to the bride . Franz Waxman provides wedding bells . The script described Elsa 's ' do as " curled close to her head , hanging straight and dark on either side . " Keeping to the mummy idea , Whale and Jack Pierce memorably designed this Nefertiti number . Lanchester 's own hair is marcelled and swept back on a wire cage . She looks like she has stuck her finger in a socket . The white electric bolts from her temples add the final exclamation points . Monster coiffure would never be the same . Elsa 's streaks and tips set a fashion craze - for Rafaela Ottiano in The Devil-Doll , Ramsay Ames in The Mummy 's Ghost , Humphrey Bogart in The Return of Doctor X , even Boris Karloff himself in The Walking Dead . Elsa Lanchester told Greg Mank " Jack Pierce did really feel like he made these people , like he was a god who created human beings . " Lanchester elaborated in her memoirs : " He had his own sanctum sanctorum , and as you entered you did not ' go in ' , you ' entered ' . " " He said ' Good morning ' first . " " If I spoke first , he glared and slightly showed his upper teeth . " " He would be dressed in a full hospital doctor 's operating outfit . " " At five in the morning , this made me dislike him intensely . " Another baroque camera angle , with a short lens to keep the bride distorted . No one can explain the presence of this lever - unless it 's the lever to heaven . Lanchester said she cultivated her hiss by observing angry swans at Regent 's Park in London . The Production Code Administration saw Whale 's original cut on March 20th and demanded changes . Subsequently , the picture was previewed at 92 minutes on April 6th , and in this form reviewed by the Hollywood Reporter . Breen approved it on April 15th . Mere days before the April 19th , San Francisco , Good Friday opening , Whale relented on the script 's " positively final fade-out " , and reshot the ending so that Henry and Elizabeth would live . Yes , there was going to be a Son of Frankenstein . Waxman 's unresolved musical ending now had a coda , cracked from the creation cue . James Whale 's biographer , James Curtis , tells us that Whale had the last laugh . Taking friends to a revival showing in the late 1940s , the director was snickering at his ironic creation when an irate moviegoer whipped around in her seat . " If you don 't like the show " she commanded , " you can damn well leave . " 65 years later , no one in the audience is leaving .
