 I say we kill him now and get it over with : Halt : - Help me , Wilma ! Distract him ! - Buck , what 's wrong ? It 's Quince : He 's frozen my controls : [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : [ Narrator ] In our last episode , Buck Rogers assumed the identity of a killer : Argus : And we all know Rafael Argus was about to be initiated into the ranks of the Legion of Death : However , because he always operated under a variety of names and appearances , none of the other assassins has any clear-cut idea of what he looks like : Which is fortunate for you , as you 'll be impersonating him : Oh : [ Buck ] Get his gun , Barney : ! Greetings , Mr : Argus : I take it this means I passed : Anyone who can hold his own against us deserves to be considered one of us : I 'm Kellogg : Sherese and Quince and Varek : We 're being observed : [ Kellogg ] Kill her , now : ! Rafael Argus : I should have known : - Is Rafael here yet ? - Joella : It 's been a while : Look , I know we didn 't part on the best of terms , but give me a chance , will you ? You got a deal , Rafe : The total destruction of the Terran capital ... New Chicago : To destroy a city that large , you 'd need an earthquake or ... Or an antimatter explosion : Barney ? I met Rafael Argus two years ago on Sutter 's World , and I can tell you for a fact , that ain 't him : You 've got to be kidding : Who you gonna believe , someone you never met before today ... Or someone we never met before yesterday : And , Joella , you should have told us he was an impostor when you had the chance : Leave her out of this : Stop him ! [ All Shouting Indistinctly ] There ! [ Buck ] Not this time , Porky : Go ! [ Beeping ] [ Gasps ] [ Sighs ] You are something : We 're not out of the woods yet : We 're gonna split up : I 'll meet you in the main terminal of the spaceport in 10 minutes : Right ! [ Gasps ] We 're just beyond the stargate , Doctor : I 'm bringing Markos back with me : Good : Good : And Buck 's all right ? - Buck isn 't with me : - What ? What happened ? He was supposed to meet me at 1500 hours : I waited as long as I dared : - You mean he 's still on Aldebaran ? - It 's not as if I wanted to leave him there : - No , no , of course not : - I 'll explain everything back on Earth : Deering out : Now , whoever you are , whom do you work for ? The stellar authorities ? What 's in that thing ? A chemical , that 's all : One that will act upon the thalamic regions of your brain : But don 't worry : While it will cause a great deal of pain , it won 't do any physical damage : All right , all right : I 'll tell you ! I like my thalamic regions just the way they are : Thank you : Who are you , and what did you do with Argus ? Wist : Aron Wist : - [ Quince ] Aron Wist : - You 've heard of him ? [ Quince ] Just stories : An assassin out of Alpha Centauri : Strictly local : Small-time : Not so small-time I didn 't have all of you fooled : No : But the question is , why ? I heard the four of you were getting together : I thought Argus might be onto something big : I wanted a cut : I didn 't think I 'd end up avenging one of your dead buddies for free : And Argus ? He didn 't object to you impersonating him ? Argus was in no condition to object to anything : Are you trying to tell us : : : You killed Rafael Argus ? I never said that : You never heard me say that : I say we kill him now and get it over with : Perhaps we should attempt to validate Mr : Wist 's story : Varek : Bring my transmitter case here : : : Quickly : And how do we validate his story ? I have this friend : : : Who happens to be a cataloger at the Earth Defense Directorate : Not only is he keeping Elias Huer busy : : : With pyrotechnical reminders that we do mean to avenge : : : Deneva 's death , but he also has access to the Directorate 's data banks : With any luck , we should have positive identification within 30 minutes : So , Mr : Wist , if that is your name , you have nothing to worry about : If not ... I think you 're lying , Mr : Markos : Take him to the lab : Have Dr : Nowlan prepare the mind probe : Hooking me up to one of your machines isn 't gonna do you any good , Huer : Shortly , you and the rest of this city are gonna be blown to bits : In case it hasn 't dawned on you , if and when this city is destroyed , you 'll be destroyed as well : I pray he is lying : Unless we find out exactly : : : How they plan to destroy New Chicago , the best we can do is step up general security : - Still no word from Buck ? - No : None : Since we lack concrete data , Dr : Huer , I suggest we analyze : : : All known factors and attempt to develop a theory concerning the assassins ' plan : Twiki , please place me on the desk so that Dr : Huer and I can talk : [ Chirping ] Here : Let me help you , Twiki : He 's still not accustomed to subspace communication : Maybe he 's using the wrong channel : We 've kept all channels open ever since you returned , Colonel : And we 've heard nothing : He 's probably dead : [ Kellogg ] He 's Aron Wist , all right : I say we kill him anyhow : [ Kellogg ] Stand by , Mr : Hartsteen : Now let 's consider his story : He 's here impersonating Rafael Argus : Argus is nowhere to be found : Circumstantial evidence does indicate : : : That he indeed has killed Argus : And anyone capable of eliminating : : : The legendary Rafael Argus is a formidable ally : He 's an arrogant fool , Kellogg ! Sherese , if arrogance were a capital crime , we 'd all be dead long ago : I say he goes with us : : : In my ship : He goes in mine : Wait a minute : Don 't I have anything to say about this ? He goes with Quince : Mr : Hartsteen , thank you for relaying the vid-copy : I have one more request : We 're about to leave for Earth , but before we do , I wanna be absolutely certain : : : That Huer suspects nothing : That could be very dangerous : That 's what you are paid for , Hartsteen : I expect you to get back to me within 20 minutes : Kellogg out : I suggest you three head for the spaceport : Our transportation should be ready momentarily : And I suggest that if Mr : Wist gives us any trouble at all , we eliminate him : - Agreed ? - Most definitely : Dr : Huer , have you heard from Buck ? Well , not exactly : But Dr : Theopolis was just informed that information concerning Aron Wist : : : Has been extracted from the central data bank : Aron Wist ? I don 't understand : [ Dr : Huer ] Wist is a nonexistent criminal invented by the Defense Directorate : And Buck was instructed to use Aron Wist as a secondary cover : : : In the event his primary cover of Rafael Argus failed : So the fact that someone was trying to tap that information : : : Means that someone 's trying to verify Buck 's story : [ Dr : Huer ] And that Buck is still alive : Dr : Huer , request permission to return to Aldebaran immediately : - Denied : - But , Doctor ... No , he must get out of this himself : And your appearance could very well place him in more jeopardy : I understand : Wist is actually an agent ? Are you certain ? Positive : His real name is Rogers : Buck Rogers : And Huer , he still has no idea : : : Exactly how I plan to destroy New Chicago ? No , he doesn 't : Whatever it is you intend to do , it sounds like it 's safe for you to go ahead : And if that 's the case , I 'll be signing off now : Got a shuttle to catch to New Phoenix : I take it you 've established the credit account there as we discussed ? Yes , yes , of course , Hartsteen : You 've earned your money : Kellogg out : Played for a fool : : : Twice : : : In one day : I 'll have Quince : : : Tear him to pieces : [ Woman Over P : A : ] Flight 723 to Altair 5 now boarding at Gate 20 : Hey , wait a minute , you little worm ! Greetings , my dear : Salutations : We meet again : You turned us in for the money , didn 't you ? I had no idea I would need such heavy bribes to get through Customs : I was bled dry : Ohhh : Moreover , I discovered that the credits with which my friend Kellogg paid me off : : : Were , shall we call , tainted : Hmph : Well , luckily enough I was able to pass them off on a less discerning fellow : : : For a well-equipped starfighter , which even as we speak : : : Is being readied for flight in hangar bay number nine : You little creep : There is a great , wide , potentially lucrative universe waiting out there : : : For an enterprising fellow such as myself : And a universe , I might add , which could prove equally lucrative : : : To an enterprising young woman too : Have you ever thought of leaving this primitive mud bowl and entering civilization ? Oh ! That 's it : Don 't make a snap decision : Take some time : Think about it : I can wait : [ Woman Over P : A : ] Arriving passenger Dr : Adam Strange from Alpha Centauri , please report to the reservations desk : There they are : All right , come along , Varek : Let 's say good-bye to Buck Rogers , shall we ? We 'll pick up the l : D : Plates and wait for Kellogg at the ships : Any idea what he has in mind for us to do first ? What we 're gonna do first is get rid of you : Kellogg , we 've been through this before : He 's an agent for the Earth Defense Directorate : I do the honors : Put it away , my dear : You may have what 's left : [ Screams ] After him ! [ Kellogg ] Down there ! [ Groans ] Varek , go in there and dispose of him : He 'll think that was you : Why 'd you do that ? This is why : This is who I am : You can 't imagine life on my planet : The children are afraid to look at their own reflections : Children with a touch of death : Children like myself : Kellogg is condemning your people to the same fate as mine : There 's no hope for my world , but there is for Earth : Stop them : That 's something you can do , isn 't it ? No : I have never belonged anywhere : : : Except with Kellogg : That 's all I know : That 's all I can do : That 's why I 'm freeing you : You stop them : Please : It 's done : That 's fine : Well , our ships must be ready : Let 's retrieve Mr : Quince and be on our way to New Chicago : Uh , hello , Dr : Huer : Well , Hartsteen : You 're , uh , making a rather short day of it , aren 't you ? I don 't feel very well : I was just on my way to the clinic : Oh , I see : You know , if Dr : Theopolis hadn 't already been onto your extracurricular activities , we might never have known it was you who tapped the data bank : : : For information on Aron Wist : What exactly does Kellogg have in mind for New Chicago ? I don 't know : - [ Chirping ] - Take him to Detention : But I do know they 're wise to the agent you sent to Aldebaran : Buck Rogers is a dead man , Huer : Like all the rest of you , a dead man : [ Chirping ] Haul buns , Hartsteen : All subspace calls require two forms of identification : : : Regardless of what party is billed : [ Clears Throat ] Especially on this planet : Look , I have got to make that transmission : There are thousands of people who are in danger : So go to the police if it 's that important : Are you kidding me ? The authorities here are almost as bad as the criminals : [ Chuckles ] Maybe so , but they do know what to do with loiterers , if you get my drift , sir : Yeah , I get your drift : Remind me to give you a call the next time hell freezes over : Buck ! Oh , Buck ! Joella : Where have you been ? I 've been looking all over for you : I figured after what I did to Quince , I better lay low for a little while : By the way , thanks for what you did back there : You could have been killed : For the third time today incidentally : You know , it seems like ever since I met you , I 've been making some very powerful people very angry at me : And you know something ? I haven 't had this much fun in months ! You 're out of your mind , you know that ? No more than you : Thanks , Buck : For what , almost getting you killed ? For letting me help you : : : And for not casting me aside after you were done with me : Come on : I 've gotta find a ship and get to Earth as quickly as possible : Uh , look : The place we 're going can be very , very dangerous : So if at any time you want me to drop you off ... Uh-uh : We 've come this far together , we 'll go all the way : Okay : As a matter of fact , I think I even know where we can find a ship : Terrific : Let 's go : [ Sherese ] Just how do we break in to this generating plant ? By using our combined abilities under my direction , of course : Not one of us could accomplish this task alone : Really ? Quince , formidable as your telekinesis can be , you could only concentrate on one thing at a time : Inside the plant , there will be upwards from 20 barriers at any given moment : With my logistical skills , I can analyze any security system within minutes : You and Varek with your respective abilities : : : Can easily circumvent those security devices between you : And me ? You , Sherese , will help us with the final key to our task ... - Mr : Richard Selvan : - Who ? [ Kellogg ] We do need an Energy Directorate employee : : : To help us gain initial entry to the plant : Mr : Selvan is a respected employee , an engineer and a family man : - What makes you think he 'll cooperate ? - Show me one family man : : : Who can afford to be a hero : Take a look , my friends : Take a long good look : Tomorrow the picture will be different : [ Woman Over P : A : ] Flight 262 to Regulus 5 ... You like ? [ Buck ] She 's nice : I really hate the idea of stealing some poor schlep 's starfighter , though : I wouldn 't worry about that : Wait till you meet the owner : As a matter of fact , there he is now : Thank you : [ Woman Over P : A : ] Flight 666 to Lavas Planet will be leaving from Gate 6 in 30 minutes : Hello , Barney : [ Groans ] Well , my friends ! I am happy to see that you have managed to escape the tendrils of disaster , as it were : No thanks to you : You were more than happy to sell me out for a few thousand credits : Oh , my friend , I feel insulted : Do you think that I would sell you out for a few thousand credits ? A few hundred thousand : I see : And with that money , you bought yourself a very nice starfighter : Oh , it 's beautiful , isn 't it ? A real beauty : A steal , if you 'll pardon the expression : Yeah , she is : I 'm looking forward to flying her : Actually , it 's cosmetic : The engines are in terrible shape : Terrible disrepair : Nobody 's ... [ Chuckles ] My friend , you are joking : I mean , you 're not going to let : : : A momentary lapse of judgment on my part affect your sensibilities : Give me your l : D : Plate , Barney : [ Sighs ] Just who are you , anyway ? I mean , who do you work for ? Barney , if I don 't get to Earth , a very sizable chunk of a planet I 'm very fond of is gonna be destroyed : Who cares ? You could buy a new planet : My friend , I 'm talking heavy credits here : Give me your l : D : Plate , Barney : [ Groans ] There 's a law against this , you know : How do you propose I get off this celestial mud ball ? A word of advice , Barney : Learn to like mud : Wait : Come on : Step back : Enough , Matt : Enough : I 'm dying : Go over and play with your sister Katrina and let me rest : [ Chuckles ] [ Quince ] That 's a fine , healthy-looking boy you have there : His name is Mateo , isn 't it ? He was named after your wife 's father : Your wife being Therese , of course : And the little girl : : : Playing next to our friends there , that must be Katrina : What is this ? Who are you ? You have something we want : But I have no money : I 'm not rich : I 'm just an engineer : It 's not money we want , Mr : Selvan : You have access to the contra-terrene generating plant : We want into that plant : It 's just that simple : You 're smugglers : That 's it : You 're trying to steal some sort of hardware : - Something like that : - But that place is a fortress : I 'll never be able to get you past all the security devices : Don 't flatter yourself , Mr : Selvan : We don 't expect you to : You 're a key : Nothing more : Just get us inside and we 'll do the rest : No : I won 't do it : It would mean my job : I won 't do it ! That 's very noble , Mr : Selvan : Your job : Hmm : Are you as brave when it comes to the lives of your family ? [ Katrina ] Mister ? Why are you wearing that mask ? It 's sort of a game : Do you like magic ? Give me your hand : Take these pebbles : Drop them in my hand : Take ' em back : And do it again : Oh ! Do it again : ! Do it again : ! Okay , I 'll get you in : But just don 't harm my family : Don 't harm my family : Don 't worry , Mr : Selvan : You do your job , and they 'll be fine : - Sure ? - We may be smugglers , but we do know the value of a contract : [ Children Shouting ] [ Varek 's Voice ] You can 't imagine life on my planet : The children are afraid to look at their own reflections : Children with a touch of death : Children like myself : Buck , you okay ? Boy , do I hate to go through those things : [ Sighs ] Earth Directorate , this is Buck Rogers : Do you read ? Yes : Buck , where are you ? About 40 minutes from Earth : The assassins are on their way to Earth now : Kellogg 's plan is to sabotage the reactor outside New Chicago : That 's impossible : The security around that reactor is impregnable : Doc , do you really think anything is impregnable to these people ? You 're right : Of course : Very well : I 'll lead a ground squad to the reactor myself : Colonel Deering will meet you on the flight deck when you arrive : Huer out : You 're , uh , taking me to a city that may be wiped off the map at any minute ? I told you it might be dangerous : You have a real gift for understatement : [ Chuckling ] Why do all the good-looking ones have to be crazy ? [ Kellogg ] The plant is only a few kilometers away : We 'll land behind the rock formations at its northern perimeter : It 's won 't be long now : Well , they 're very clever : Even the identifying sensors are hidden : But you know where they are : Do you not , Mr : Selvan ? [ Quince ] But why not send Varek in ahead and let him open the doors from the inside ? It doesn 't work that way , Quince : The portal can only be opened from the outside , not without the correct identity code : Mr : Selvan here is our only key : This is insane : There are literally dozens of security baffles inside of this plant : And besides , you 'll never make it beyond the maintenance androids : [ Door Buzzes ] [ Kellogg ] Ah : After we enter , the sensors will pick up five heartbeats , notjust one : An alarm will go off , so be prepared : If you will , Mr : Selvan : Halt ! There is no trespassing ! You are in violation of statute 0605 ... [ Alarm Beeping ] Androids , as you can see : Shall we continue ? [ Alarm Continues Beeping ] - Buck ! - Wilma ! You 're all right ! Oh ! Yeah : I was caught between a rock and a hard place for a while , but I 'm okay : I don 't understand you , but it feels good not understanding you again : [ Chuckles ] Oh ! Joella , Wilma : Wilma , Joella : - Hi : - How we doing ? Fine : Dr : Huer is on his way with the ground forces , and I 've got three starfighters fueled up and ready to go : Terrific ! Joella , I 'm gonna leave you : : : In two of the most capable hands in all of New Chicago : - Theo , Twiki , this is Joella : - [ Chirping ] They will introduce you to sights you never dreamed existed : [ Chirping ] I thought you 'd feel that way : Let 's go : [ Chirping ] What a fox : [ Theo ] Now wait a minute , Twiki : I have a great deal to do in my office : [ Twiki ] I 'll drop you off : [ Chuckles ] [ Selvan ] That is a neutronium vault door : You will never be able to make it past it : Now , one more step and we activate the defense laser : The sensor web picks up any changes in air density : The sensor switch is on that far wall : Varek will turn it off : Varek , don 't you hear me ? Put that grotesque body of yours to some use : : : And turn it off : [ Alarms Beeping ] [ Alarm Stops ] It 's done : We 're not handing out medals , Varek : If I 'm not mistaken , this should be the final obstacle : - Is that correct , Mr : Selvan ? - I wouldn 't know : Of course you would : One of these buttons gives us direct access to the main control room : The other , should we press it , releases a potent nerve gas : : : That will paralyze all of us instantly , yes ? So you see , Mr : Selvan , it 's up to you : Choose the wrong button , and I 'm afraid our associate in New Chicago will have to eliminate your family : Despite his growing fondness for your lovely wife : - The top one : - The top one ? Well ? He 's lying : Thank you , Mr : Selvan : You did exactly as I expected ... took a chance that we couldn 't notify our associate before the nerve gas took effect : For whatever it 's worth , you would have been right : Dr : Theopolis says that the Energy Directorate has been receiving : : : Automated distress signals from the contra-terrene plant for over 20 minutes now : How far are Dr : Huer and his people from the plant ? He should be closing in in about ten minutes : - Have the people at the plant been alerted ? - Well , there are no people out at the plant : Only a few maintenance androids that also double as guards : The plant 's major operations are remotely controlled by technicians at the Energy Directorate : - Almost everything else is ... - Computerized : - [ Hum Resonating ] - And this must be the vacuum chamber : Correct , Quince : The antimatter is held in an electromagnetic bottle which , of course , is invisible to us : What are you doing ? If you keep that up , the magnetic bottles containing the antimatter will start to erode : [ Kellogg ] Mr : Selvan , I know exactly what I 'm doing : I 've done a great deal of research on contra-terrene reactors : It has always been a pet conceptual project of mine : But if the bottles erode , the antimatter will start leaking into the atmosphere : : : And everything within 200 square kilometers will be destroyed : ! Mr : Selvan , I 'm afraid we misled you : : : About our motivation : [ Sherese ] You can hardly blame us , Mr : Selvan : If you knew we were gonna wipe out the city in which your family lives , you wouldn 't have cooperated : You murdering liars ! [ Grunts ] No one ever strikes me ! Nobody ! You do know you 'll have to die : Kill him , Varek : You heard me : Dispose of him now ! No : No ? You dare say no to me ? I will not kill him : I will not allow you destroy this city : [ Shouting ] You won 't allow us ? What was that ? Something I thought I 'd never have to use : Now , if you would be so kind as to use that on this : [ Man Over P : A : ] Alert : ! Alert : ! This is a code five emergency : In five minutes , the chain reaction shall begin : So , until we meet again on Sutter 's World , 36 hours from now : : : To claim credit for this to the Legion of Death : Terminal reaction will occur in five minutes : All maintenance androids report to vacuum chamber immediately : Erosion has begun in the antimatter containment vessels : Alert : ! [ Dr : Huer ] They 've destroyed the guard androids : This is Huer : I 'vejust arrived at the plant : [ Wilma ] We 're only 30 seconds from joining you , Doctor : Unfortunately , it looks as though the assassins have already been here : - Maybe they 're still inside : - Not anymore : Dr : Huer , the assassins are trying to escape : We 're going after them : Deering out : Come with me : [ Man Over P : A : ] Three minutes , 30 seconds to terminal reaction : How bad is the damage ? Magnetic bottles eroding : We have to get them back to full strength before chain reaction : Good Lord : No , no , no ! He tried to stop them : Good Lord : They 've destroyed the controls : The only possible way I can repair the damage is to go inside the vacuum chamber : You can 't be serious : These containers are eroding : There 's probably stray atoms of antimatter floating around in there : One step inside and you could be annihilated before you made a single move : Sir , we have no other choice : What about the maintenance androids ? Kellogg destroyed them : Someone has to go in there : I 'll go : I don 't want to mislead you : I know what you can do , but even you may not be able to survive in there : Just tell me what to do : All right : [ Man Over P : A : ] Two minutes , 30 seconds to terminal reaction : What 's shakin ' , Porky ? - You ! You still alive ? - I sure am : One minute , 45 seconds to terminal reaction : One minute , 30 seconds to terminal reaction : Oops : - Buck , what 's wrong ? - It 's Quince ! He 's frozen my controls ! Help me , Wilma ! Distract him ! Break his concentration ! [ Beeping ] - Wilma , are you all right ? - Fine : Thanks , Buck : Thank you : Dynamite , Lieutenant Murphy : Lieutenant Murphy , tow what 's left of our friends back to Earth : - Buck , let 's head down to the plant : - I 'm with you : - Sixty seconds to terminal reaction : - I feel so helpless : He 'll do fine , if he just remembers the correct sequence : Forty-five seconds to terminal reaction : Dr : Huer , what 's happening ? That man in there is trying to repair the damage the assassins did : - Thirty seconds to terminal reaction : - Varek : He 's restoring the magnetic bottles they almost destroyed : He 's taking an awfully big chance though : [ Man Over P : A : ] Fifteen , fourteen , thirteen , twelve , eleven , ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three ... - [ Man Over P : A : ] Erosion terminated : - He 's done it : Code five emergency is no longer in effect : The bottles are back to full strength : Varek , you did it : - What 's happened to him ? - A few last atoms of antimatter must have escaped : He was annihilated instantly : I wonder if he even knew he saved us : Varek ! We thought you 'd been killed : When the first atom of antimatter struck me , I dropped down through the floor : As you can see , I 'm not entirely undamaged : Let 's get you to the Directorate clinic : - Varek , you okay ? - Yes , I 'm fine : No , you 're not : Let us help you : Thank you : [ Softly ] Thank you : Ah : Buck , what was it you said this liquid is again ? Wine : Wine : Burgundy , to be exact : I filched some fruit that looked like grapes from the hydroponics lab , squeezed ' em into juice , had Theo hit it with a little delta radiation : : : To speed up the fermentation process , and , uh , well , here we go : That 's not bad : So , Theo , any luck tracing down Sherese ? None , I 'm afraid , Buck : She 's probably halfway to Arcturus by now : What do you think Varek will do now without Kellogg ? He 's asked me to take him back to his own planet , or what 's left of it : I can understand that : It 's the only home he 's known : - You going to take him back then ? - It 's the least I can do for a fellow survivor : [ Door Beeping ] Ah , Joella , Twiki , come on in : Well , what 'd you think of him ? He is everything you said he 'd be , Buck : [ Chirping ] [ Laughing ] - What 's so funny ? - He is : Didn 't you hear ? [ Chirping , Chuckling ] Twiki-wiki , really , now : [ Laughing ]
