 I want you to leave here now : You 're in great danger : [ Screams ] Once you put her under , she 's not waking up again : Don 't you see ? He 'll get what he wants and then kill her : ! - Switch to manual for firing : - Buck , either evade or fire : [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : Ah ! I should 've had him : I 'm switching to manual : Negative , Captain : Enemy approaching port side : Well , hello there : One out of 14 ! This is ridiculous ! - You 've got one on your tail : - Roger : Buck , either evade or fire : Captain Rogers has just sustained a direct hit : Squadron destroyed after two minutes and 17 seconds of battle : The computer control system is next to useless against these Hatchet fighters : - You noticed , huh ? - The best pilots I could assemble : : : Were no more successful than anyone else has been against them : Drill terminated : Return to base , everyone : Buck , thanks again for helping us out : Wilma , the computers work just fine when you use them to draw a bead on your target : Instruct your pilots to go to manual for firing : They can 't do it : Sure they can : They did it against the Draconians , remember ? You even hit a couple : That was before the Draconians : : : Started arming themselves with these new fighters : I 've never seen a ship that was so maneuverable and so fast : It just means your trigger finger 's gotta be quicker : Hitting those targets is a matter of milliseconds : To rely on human judgment instead of a computer 's would be madness : Wilma , it 's a matter of training the reflexes : I don 't know : I 'll think about it : All right : Listen , you got any plans for tonight ? - Well , as a matter of fact , no : - That 's too bad : I do : [ Voices Sped Up , Chatter ] [ Chatter Stops ] Oh , Falina : I just got your gift : It 's wonderful : And I know how rare flowering plants are : And even rarer still are people like you who are thoughtful and kind : Thank you , Falina : I only wish all the children I used to take care of : : : Had grown up to be like you : Happy birthday , Rita : [ Man ] Hello , Falina : Mr : Armat ? Maybe it 's just as well that you were out : I want you to listen to me , and do exactly as I say : There 's no time or need for discussion : I want you to leave here now : Go to the shuttle station : An itinerary , already paid for , will be waiting for you : Go where it takes you : You 'll be well cared for : All I can tell you now is that you 're in great danger : All because of me : You 've been one of my best : : : Employees , Falina : I 'm sorry : [ Beeping ] [ Screams ] Oh : Excuse me , Dr : Huer : I was told you wanted to see me : You were told correctly : Come in : This , uh , gentleman : : : Has just made the Defense Directorate a very interesting proposition : Major Landers , Amos Armat : [ Landers ] Alleged businessman : Moon base construction , I think , isn 't it ? Of course , your real expertise lies in : : : Extortion , smuggling illegal weaponry to warring colonies : - And , of course , slave trafficking : - [ Dr : Huer ] That 's very true : Mr : Armat 's covert activities have perplexed the interplanetary authorities for years : But , as yet we 've been unable to prove anything : And rest assured , you never will , unless I turn myself and all my records over to you : Which I am prepared to do : Why ? An employee in my company , Falina Redding , has been kidnapped : She 's totally innocent of wrongdoing : She 's a digital programmer : A good one , I 'm told : Except last week , by mistake , she saw a readout containing a numerical code , which , if obtained and deciphered by one of my competitors , would ruin three-fourths of my operations : Falina had no idea what she 'd seen : She reported the error , which is standard procedure , and kept right on working : One of your competitors heard about it and kidnapped her : : : So that eventually he could get the information out of her head : I tried to warn her , but it was too late : - Which competitor ? Do you know ? - Velosi : He 's had her taken to Sinaloa : My people can 't touch her there , but you people can : - And you 'll turn yourself in if we get her back for you ? - Yes : I 'm afraid the answer is no , Mr : Armat : Velosi will use whatever information he gets from Falina to cripple your operation : And that event is rather appealing to me : But don 't you see ? He 'll get what he wants and then kill her : ! I find it rather hard to believe that a single murder even registers on your consciousness : Tempting as the prospect may be of personally removing you from this planet forever , the answer is still no , because I 'll not risk any of my people to save the lives : : : Of one of your innocent employees : Dr : Huer , don 't you think : : : That a man of Mr : Armat 's connections , someone with easy access to all sorts of information about illegal weaponry , probably he would have a good deal to tell us about Hatchet fighters ? The Draconians are using them to ambush Earth 's squadrons : If we were to get Falina back , Mr : Armat , not only would you turn yourself in , but you 'd also find out why the Hatchet fighter is impervious to our computer control systems , wouldn 't you ? It 's a deal : Come on , come on , come on ! Well , maybe next year : [ Beep At Door ] Buck , it 's Wilma : Stay to the right , behind the fences : Do not walk , do not talk , do not pass " go : " And keep your hands off my caddy : Ah ! Hi , Wilma : Not bad , huh ? Depends : What are you doing ? Putting : It became a tradition in my day : : : For astronauts to carry a golf club or two on board their spacecraft : It 's a big deal to be able to say you holed out on the moon : Golf was a very special twentieth-century sport , Wilma : It required coordination , patience , total concentration : Looks ridiculous : Just for that , the answer is no : Did you hear me ask you a question ? No , but you were going to : Hmm : A situation has arisen at the Defense Directorate : : : Requiring a person of my " peculiar background , " as Dr : Huer would say , right ? - Wrong : I 'm not interested : - Just trying to do you a favor : - You did tell me that you liked to play Ten-and-Eleven , didn 't you ? - Ten-and-Eleven ? - Actually , I believe you called it " blackjack : " - Blackjack ? Yes : The way Dr : Huer and Major Landers have it worked out , they need someone who 's very good at blackjack to go with her to Sinaloa : To go with her ? You remember Major Landers : - Major Marla Landers ? - Oh , that Major Landers ! Yes : She 's much more familiar with Sinaloa than I am , so you 'll be going off with her instead of me : That is , on the off chance that you 're interested : Oh , I don 't know , Wilma : I 'll have to think about it : When do we leave ? The Delta solar system consists of 12 orbiting , man-made cities : Each one a little different from the others : Sinaloa is composed almost exclusively of hotels , casinos , showrooms : Everything revolves around entertainment and gambling : Sort of a Las Vegas in space : From what you tell me , yeah : I can 't help it , Marla : Someone 's paying me to play blackjack ? It 's an involuntary reflex : [ Twiki Chirping ] Hold up , Buck : [ Marla ] Looks like Dr : Theopolis came through : : : With the items we asked for : Hiya , Twiki : - What 's shakin ' , Buck ? - These will help us get out of the city after we find Falina , huh , Doctor ? [ Theo ] That is correct , Major Landers : When attached to a solid surface , they are practically invisible : One of my better creative efforts : : : I must say : Detonating device , hmm ? Effective from a distance or less : And this must be for Velosi 's goon , and this for the exit portal : Very good , Buck : Indeed it is : [ Theo ] But it will deactivate the force field for only ten seconds : Do try to remember that : I will , Doctor : Thank you : You 've been a big help to us , Doctor : Naturally : But it 's up to you two , who have the real job to do : Tell him that : The idea of traveling to what some people refer to : : : As an orbiting city of moral depravity , obviously agrees with you , Buck : Well , it 's a thankless job , Doctor , but somebody 's gotta do it : [ Twiki Chirping ] - What a guy ! - Come on , Marla : [ Music , Chatter ] Hello , Mr : Velosi : Five complaints in four days : I 'm getting a little bored , I guess : Imagine people complaining about a beautiful thing like you : It 's almost as if you 've forgotten there 's only one way out of this city : Mr : Velosi , I ... My way : No more complaints , Tangie : She 's here : Generator Sector 3 : I tell you , Marla : I am to blackjack : : : What a mongoose is to a cobra : Hmm ? That simply means that you and Dr : Huer were right in recruiting me : I 'm just a firm believer in backup plans : I 'll get the job done : Don 't worry : Here , take a look at these : [ Buck ] Velosi ? [ Marla ] Owns and runs Sinaloa : The city is entirely self-contained , and he has the first and last word on everything : Lfhe says you don 't leave , you don 't leave : What about Mr : Congeniality here ? [ Marla ] That 's Carl Morphus : People like Velosi call him in when they want to extract things from people 's minds : - Extract ? - He can literally pull memories out of a person 's subconscious , using drugs or whatever else is necessary : - He 's headed for Sinaloa as well ? - That 's the rumor : Now , that 's Falina : If we can 't locate her by the time Carl Morphus gets there , we might as well go home : I take it he works fast then : [ Footsteps ] Why am I here ? Who are you ? What am I doing here ? Answer me ! [ Recorded Voice ] You are now subject to the laws of Sinaloa : If you have any questions , please go to the pink vid-phone at the end of the concourse , and a paralegal will be happy to answer your questions : Please have your l : D : Cards ready at the entry portal : L : D : Cards are required for entry and exit to Sinaloa : This is where everybody entering and leaving is screened : Those gifts Twiki and Theo gave us would work better on the other side of those portals : You got ' em ready ? Of course : By the way , that I : D : Card that Dr : Huer gave you ? That 'll not only get you into the city , it 'll also get you food and money : : : And everything else you need : Everything else ? Within reason , Buck : Ah : You go first : Go ahead : Okay : You are now subject to the laws of Sinaloa : If you have any questions , please go to the pink vid-phone at the end of the concourse , and a paralegal will be happy to answer your questions : [ Loud Beeping ] [ Beeping Stops ] You are now subject to the laws of Sinaloa : If you have any questions , please go to the pink vid-phone at the end of the concourse , and a paralegal will be happy to answer your questions : Please have your l : D : Cards ready at the entry portal : L : D : Cards are required for entry and exit to Sinaloa : Thank you : [ Recording Continues ] - [ Alarm Beeping ] - Halt ! Halt ! [ Beeping Continues ] - Search him : ! Search the violator : ! - I haven 't done anything : [ Man ] What are you doing ? - A computer ! - I didn 't know it was there : Computers are not allowed in Sinaloa : Incinerate it ! Don 't you see that : : : I didn 't do anything ! No : ! Please : ! What was that all about ? All the games inside are computerized : Carrying a calculator in here is illegal : What 's gonna happen to that guy ? Depends what mood Velosi 's in : How are you doing ? Fine , fine : That was number three : Getting out of here 's gonna be a blast : I 'll see you in the casino : And remember , we don 't know each other : Oh , yeah , sure : That 's someone from Klosef 3 : Not your type : Oh , yeah ? We 'll see about that : I really don 't think you 'll like him : " Him " ? Mr : Morphus will arrive within the next several hours : Then your wait will be over : You 're going to make me remember : : : What I saw on Mr : Armat 's computer : And then you 're going to kill me : You entered in a maintenance vehicle : Your exit will be even less ceremonious : And no one will ever be able to prove you were here : I never meant to do anything wrong ! It isn 't fair ! I know : [ Synthesizer ] [ Chatter ] You poor thing : You look absolutely lost : I 'm new in town : You the welcome wagon ? I 'm not sure : My name is Tangie : Tangie : That 's a nice name : Mmm : What it is , is memorable : How ' bout you ? Oh , Buck 's the name , and Buck is looking to play some blackjack : I 'm sorry : I mean Ten-and-Eleven : Oh , that 's so hard : No one ever wins at that awful game : Are you sure you want to spend your money playing Ten-and-Eleven ? Yeah , I 'm sure : How about some company ? Oh , or are you with someone ? No , no : As a matter of fact , I 'm here all by myself : Marvelous : Hit me : That does not compute , sir : Yeah , right : Another draw , please : A seven : Eleven and seven is eighteen : The house pays eighteen : I don 't know how you do it : I 've never seen anyone win like this : ! That 's because no one uses their brains anymore : They let computers do all the work : People 's minds have gotten flabby : I 'll bet some of these suckers can 't even count to 21 : That 's the ninth hand in a row that man has won ! He 's only lost four since he sat down ! That 's one that can count : But if you go higher than ten , she has to take her shoes off : It 's obvious he 's cheating : I demand you do something about it : All symbols are randomly and impartially selected : : : In cycles of 52 : There is no way to tamper with the selection process : He 's counting what 's been played before , and figuring the odds on a computer somewhere : No computers or calculators can be brought into Sinaloa : All persons and their luggage are carefully screened : Lady , I 'm beating the house , not you : So what do you care how much money I win ? Of course , it doesn 't exactly make her look like Alberta Einstein : Something is going on here , and I intend to find out what : Party pooper : Oh : [ Giggles ] You have the funniest way of talking : You 're not from Klosef 3 , are you ? I have reason to believe one of the men : : : At one of your Ten-and-Eleven tables is cheating : - To whom should I report it ? - Me : My name is Morgan Velosi : I 'd hate to see anybody ruin your stay here in my city : Oh , well , actually he 's doing you more harm than he is me : See that man over there at that table being mauled by that creature ? [ Screaming , Laughing ] That 's the 10th hand in a row he 's won : He must be cheating : You ought to have someone keep an eye on him : May I see your identification ? Watch him : You 're being very wise , Mr : Velosi : Would you like a drink , Marla ? No , thank you : I mean , after all , you did a favor for me : That 's quite all right : And if you don 't join me for a drink , I 'll then be forced to instruct the portal computer : : : Not to allow Marla Landers : : : Out of the city : Whatever you 're having : [ Buck ] Hey , hey : ! I remember once , around the end of my stint at Edwards , Toby Kaplan and I hopped in a car one Wednesday afternoon and drove until we got to Las Vegas : We partied and gambled , and just generally got crazy all night , then drove back Thursday morning just in time for our 10 : 00 class : I take that back : We were two minutes late : - Player number four , card ? - No draw : Dealer is 14 , and takes a card : Yeah , I think that was just before I left for Houston : Yeah , it was : Last time I saw Toby , he was bound and determined to head up the Space and Aeronautics Board someday : He could 've too : I wonder if he ever did : Dealer is 19 and stands firm : House pays 20 : Players two and four win : Buck ? You won again : Player two , 325 credits : Yeah , I won : Player four , 400 credits : You really are something : I 've never met anyone quite like you before : [ Sighs ] That 's for sure : I 've been waiting a long time for someone like you to come along : That 's just because it took me 500 years to get here : I still don 't understand how you 've been able to win so much : It 's easy , Tangie : It 's like I told you : You just remember everything that 's been played ... Buck , I envy you : [ Computer ] Dealer has 16 , and takes a card : Not because you 're wealthy and intelligent : Just because you 're free : You 're free to go anywhere you want , anytime you please : You 're not ? I am an employee of Sinaloa : I work for Mr : Velosi : He won 't let me leave : He says I 'm : : : Too valuable a commodity : He 's a real credit to the human race , huh ? He 's a monster : But , if , uh ... If someone were to offer him enough money , oh , say , as much as you 've won here , I bet he 'd let me go : Think he would , huh ? And I would be so grateful , Buck : You have no idea how grateful I 'd be : I really hate to break this up , Tangie , but I 've got to see a man about a horse : Cashing in : Player four , 9,732 credits : Well , at least I come out of this with some bread : You 're leaving ? Yes , but I shall return : Well , you better , or I might just have to look you up in the daily census : Mightn 't I , Buck ? Promises , promises : - So long , metal mouth : - I beg your pardon ? There 's two good things about playing against a computer : One is they can 't deal off the bottom of the deck ; the other is you don 't have to tip ' em : See you later : I 've enjoyed this , I really have : But the people I 'm here with are going to begin to wonder where in the world I am : You can leave a message for your friends afterwards : Afterwards ? Are we going somewhere ? My room : Oh , but ... Your I : D : Was very convincing , but there 's more to you : : : Than meets the eye : Isn 't there ? And I intend to find out : There are one or two ways we can handle this situation : They always go for number two : You should 've gone for number one : [ Groaning ] What are you doing to me ? You 're cutting off my circulation : Well , I suppose you had my best interests at heart when you came at me with this ? I was told to find out why you were winning so much at Ten-and-Eleven : I was cheating : I was using my brain , which is something the run-of-the-mill customer here ceased to do a long time ago : And I was trying to attract the attention of a thug like you : - Which I did : - You saying all this was planned ? Yep : Because as one of Morgan Velosi 's thugs , you know things : - Like where Falina Redding is : - Who 's Falina Redding ? I was afraid you were gonna say something like that : Open up : What 's that ? It 's a pill : It 'll make you feel good ... relaxed , happy , cooperative , so that lying to me will be impossible : Come on : [ Grunts ] There are a variety of things I can do to get this into your system : I even had Theo put some orange flavoring in it : You 'll love it : Come on : Come on , open up : Come on : Be a good boy : That 's a good boy : Swallow down : Swallow down : - Orange ? - I lied : [ Romantic ] You know , if you are dissatisfied with my credentials , I suggest you simply call for a readout on your computer : I fully intend to : : : When we 're through : Mr : Velosi , I resent the way : : : That you 've assumed that I 've agreed to all of this : Are you going to leave that message for your friend now : : : Or later ? I am accustomed to having some say in these sort of matters : Running a city both requires : : : And enables one to make split-second decisions : Not only for myself , but for everyone else : [ Laughing ] [ Laughing ] How do you feel ? Whoo : Great , great : Just better and better : But I still don 't want to talk : [ Laughing ] To either of you : [ Laughing ] Sure you do : - Where are they holding Falina Redding ? - Falina : Falina : The woman who was kidnapped from New Chicago ? Where is she ? Generator Sector 3 : [ Laughing ] How do I get there ? Elevator " F , " bottom level : Through the door at the end : Oh , you can 't get through the door : You don 't have a key : I 'm sorry : What about yours ? I don 't have one : I don 't have one : Who does ? Oh , let me see , let me see : Uh , 0-7 , the sanitation module : And Thompson , and Levine : And Velosi ... his key opens everything in the city : Damn : [ Sighs ] Well , it is his city , you know : [ Laughing ] [ Romantic ] [ Woman On Intercom ] Excuse me , Mr : Velosi : The man you 've been expecting is here : You have business to do : I certainly wouldn 't keep you : I always finish what I begin : Your room in five minutes , Marla Landers : [ Beeps ] [ Stops ] Get Thompson up here : He 's in the casino : Yes , Mr : Velosi : You 've come around to brunettes , I see : My associate , Mr : Thompson , will direct you : : : To the person you 're going to work with : She saw a very critical readout on Armat 's computer last week in New Chicago : Thompson will record everything she says : May I remind you the chemicals I use tend to traumatize brain tissue ? Her mind will never be the same : Once you put her under , she 's not waking up again : Fine : [ Woman On Intercom ] Mr : Thompson is here : Enjoyed seeing you again , Mr : Velosi : Sorry to have interrupted you : [ Buzzes ] Marla , open up : It 's me , Buck : Where have you been ? Never mind that : Carl Morphus just arrived : Terrific : That 's about as good as the news I 've got : Couldn 't get anything out of that man that was following you ? I know exactly where they 're keeping Falina : That 's good news : I also found out it 's impossible to get there without one of four existing keys : Oh , no : I was gonna try to lift one off sanitation module 0-7 : But he doesn 't make rounds until midnight , and if Morphus is here now , we might as well start packing : - Buck , who else has a key ? - A couple of Velosi 's goons : And Velosi ? Naturally : I can 't believe we 've come this far to have everything go down the tubes : Everything 's not going down the tubes ? Mm-mmm : In approximately two minutes , we may very well have ourselves that key : Turn around : What ? Oh : Marla ? [ Marla ] You 'll have to wait just a minute : I don 't like to wait : And with this , I rarely have to : I thought you 'd feel that way : I 'm sorry to spoil your plans this evening , Mr : Velosi : Yes , I am disappointed : Half of me said trust Marla Landers : After all , she 's a beautiful woman : The other half said don 't trust Marla Landers : She 's too good : Keep your eye on her : A most pleasant task , I might add : Until now : Kill her ! Please , don 't move : Come on : Get over there with your boss : Move : Come on , move : I 'll just take that key you 're so proud of , Mr : Velosi : You both will die before you leave the city : You think so , huh ? Okay , get over there : Come on , move ! If I were you , I 'd worry more about how you 're gonna get out of here , Mr : Velosi : Let 's go : Get down to the ship and prepare for takeoff : I 'll get Falina : You got the detonator ? I 'm all set : I 'll see you at the ship : Why , Buck Rogers , what are you and that lady up to ? Later , Tangie : Looks to me like it 's something dishonest : I don 't have time : If you don 't help me buy my way out of this city , Security 's gonna get a call from me : Next time I 'm in town : You won 't get away with it ! Maybe you 'll feel better after a nap : Now wait a minute : Hold it : Look : I 'm not gonna be needing this , so here : Use this to get out of the city and take this with you : You 're gonna go with us : Oh , uh , Marla , Tangie : Tangie , Marla : Nice to meet you : Soon it 'll all be over , my dear : I imagine that the worst thing for a person in your position is the wait : You imagine ... Imagine what it 's like being me right now : I dare you : My work calls for strict objectivity : Were I to allow myself to empathize with you , I couldn 't get the job done now , could I ? Just hurry and get on with it : I 'm ready : I suggest you start recording : I want you to close your eyes : And very soon you shall find yourself afloat : : : In a sea of color and sounds : And then blackness , and then everything , everything shall come to an end : [ Alarm Beeping ] Name is Buck Rogers : He just hit the alarm : Let 's get out of here : [ Beeping Continues ] [ Recorded Voice ] Please have your l : D : Cards ready at the entry portal : L : D : Cards are required for entry and exit to Sinaloa : I don 't have an l : D : Card : I can 't get out : [ Buck ] I think that 's the least of our problems : I 'm afraid our friend down below sent a prerecorded message : : : To the exit portal computer : : : Concerning you : Yep , we 've been made : Come on : Let 's go ! Cut them off ! : [ Explosion ] [ Screaming ] - [ Guard ] Where 'd they go ? - I can 't see them with all this smoke ! [ Guard ] Where 'd they go ? Seal all exits to launching bay : Cut them off ! : They 're heading for the launching bay : ! No ! Get back ! Let 's go : We 've got ten seconds : Halt ! [ Grunts ] Run , Falina , run ! Go on ! [ Man ] They 're heading for the launching bay : ! Run , Falina ! Have any problem getting through the portal ? Nothing Falina couldn 't handle : How 're you doing , Tangie ? I am just fine , Buck : There 's no way I can describe how grateful I am , so if you don 't mind , I 'm not gonna try : Just sit back and enjoy the ride , both of you : Looks like the fat 's not out of the fire yet : Which means in English ? We 've got company : You take navigational control : I 'll take care of combat : You got a fix on ' em ? They 're Hatchet fighters : No wonder Armat said he could get you that information : He and Velosi are the ones who 've been supplying them to the Draconians : All our weapons are deployed by Comp-control , and it 's useless against Hatchet fighters : I 've been through all this with Wilma : Switch to manual for firing : - Switch me over to navigational : You take the gun : - There 's no time ! Our only offense is gonna be one hell of a defense , so hang on : - How 're we doing ? - That 's two down and two to go : - When did you learn to fly ? - Who says I ever did ? I can really pick ' em : - We 've got one left : - I 've got no more tricks up my sleeve : - You 're gonna have to open fire and do it fast : - Buck , I can 't ! There 's no time to switch me over ! I told you so : She 's safe , Dr : Huer : You 've kept your part of the bargain ; I 'm keeping mine : Here 's the key to the computer vault in my office : Here 's the inventory of everything stored therein : I 'll await the authorities at my office : Wait a minute , Mr : Armat : The things these people have said about you , they 're all true ? Yes : But if all your life you 've had people killed , tortured and enslaved , why did you bother with me ? I hardly even know you : But I know you : At least I did : : : Twenty years ago when your mother and I decided it was best I leave for your sake : Due to the nature of my business , you see , having a child , a vulnerable spot , was out of the question : But I always made sure that you were well cared for : And when you were old enough to go to work , I couldn 't resist : : : Seeing that a job was offered to you in my company : An indulgence which almost proved disastrous : I don 't believe you : Good : It 's best that you don 't : : : So that none of this will ever be repeated outside these walls : I believe you have something else for us , don 't you , Mr : Armat ? Ah , yes : Complete technical schematics for the Hatchet fighters : I believe it will explain why your computer control system : : : Has been ineffective against them : Who needs schematics ? The key to doing battle with them is good old-fashioned intuition : Uh , since you have gone to all the trouble ... Practice makes perfect , Marla : Lots of practice : Hi , Buck : How did it go ? Rough : Very rough : Being 9,000 credits richer is rough : Where 'd you hear that ? From Tangie : I talked to her briefly : : : Before she was escorted over to your : : : Apartment : Don 't get the idea I enjoy doing these little favors for you people : Of course not : Very dangerous work : There were at least five instances when I could 've been killed like that : How much did you win again ? 9,732 credits : You know , Ten-and-Eleven really isn 't as difficult as you think it is , Wilma :
