 Within three days , all the people on Earth will die : [ Narrator ] Wilma 's old flight instructor and his over-the-hill squadron : join with Buck to avert a terrible threat to Earth : We 're gonna have to destroy that base and eliminate that nerve gas : - We 've got to attack : - Wilma and Buck are down there : Do you know what pain is , Rogers ? [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1 987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : and returns Buck Rogers to Earth : 500 years later : [ Wilma ] Starfighter patrol to Lisa 's Dream : Decelerate , Lisa 's Dream : Decelerate or we 'll open fire : - They 're pulling out of range : - Decelerate at once : That ship is stolen property : Look at that old ship move : Where are they gettin all that speed ? Maybe they know who 's after ' em : - Westlake , Clayton , clam up , will ya ? - Oh , what 's a clam ? Never mind : Colonel Deering , may I speak to you on the command frequency ? [ Wilma ] You 've got your privacy , Buck : What 's the problem ? I volunteered to train our two friends on flight maneuvers , not chase procedures : They have no business being out here : It 's easier for us to go after that freighter : than for Dr : Huer to scramble pilots on the ground : I know they 're green : That stolen freighter better be pretty important : - [ Wilma ] They 're headed for Necrosis IV : - Inside that asteroid belt ? Affirmative : If we don 't catch up to them now , we never will : Full speed , everyone : Enemy fighters dead ahead : Scatter ! I 'm hit ! Hold it together , Clayton : Help 's on the way : - Clayton , what 's your damage ? - Minimal , Captain : Next time , Westlake , watch for a rear attack as well as a frontal : Yes , Colonel : - I 'm goin ' after ' em : - I 'm with you : [ Wilma ] They followed the freighter into the asteroids : - Clayton , Westlake , fall back ! - They 're going in too fast ! - What do we do now ? - We go home : What are you doing , Alicia ? Oh , your mind is always off somewhere : Five years I 've owned you , and you always seem to be dreaming with your eyes wide open : If the market for Terran servants wasn 't so depressed , I 'd sell you in an instant : Don 't just stand there : Brush ! You were smiling ! You think I 'm hideous : You think you 're better than me : because you have two normal hands : Well , I can rectify that ! - [ Beeps ] - Yes : [ Woman on Intercom ] Commander Corliss is back with the freighter from Earth : Thank you : Welcome home ! Did you have any problems ? No : Security for the Directorate hangar : was designed to protect the contents of the freighter , not the ship itself : Huer did send four starfighters after me : But they were destroyed when they tried to penetrate the asteroids : When can we launch our attack ? Just as soon as the gas is loaded into the missile containers : It 's been three years since Wilma Deering 's squadron tried to destroy us : Three years : And I dream about that cabin fire every night : The flames : the heat , the pain : As do I : But we 're going to pay them back : [ Corliss ] Within three days , all the people on Earth will die : Are you gonna try telling me that lousy stolen freighter : was worth the lives of those two cadets ? They were just kids ! They had no business being out there ! I tried telling you that : I didn 't want them hurt any more than you did , Buck : I 'm sorry : It 's been a long day : Buck , that freighter : was scheduled to be flown into deep space and destroyed : You look at this and tell us if going after that freighter was worth their lives : This is a video inventory of what was on it : Twentieth-century weapons : Where 'd they come from ? From an arsenal discovered near the ruins of the country 's ancient capital- - - Washington , D : C : - Washington , D : C : You mean to tell me those old weapons could possibly be a threat to Earth ? Those are nerve gas canisters , Wilma : You drop one of those into our atmosphere : spread it around with an air blast , we 'd all be dead within a week : [ Twiki ] Oh , boy ! Yeah , I 'd call that a threat : That freighter was headed towards Necrosis IV : which means Corliss and Trent are probably responsible : Which also means that that nerve gas isn 't just a threat : They 'll use it : because of me : Let me explain , Buck : Corliss and Trent are gunrunners : They reportedly maintain a base in the Necrosis asteroids : Several years back : they sustained some rather severe injuries while resisting arrest : for which they swore revenge against Colonel Deering : We 're gonna have to destroy that base : and eliminate that nerve gas immediately : How do we penetrate that asteroid belt without ending up the same way Clayton and Westlake did ? - Noah Cooper : - But he 's retired : Yes , but he knows the Necrosis belt even better than Corliss : - But , Doctor- - - You need a guide through those asteroids , Colonel : - Talk to him : That 's an order : - Yes , sir : [ Sighs ] I seemed a bit hard on her , didn 't I ? Well , perhaps I was , but we 've had this discussion before : And when it comes to Noah Cooper : she just doesn 't think very clearly : I suggest you go with her , but before you do , let me give you a little background : Colonel Deering 's father flew with Noah 's Earth Space Marine Squadron : And Noah was her first flight instructor : He was very helpful to her in the early stages of her career : Helped to develop her : They formed a very deep bond of friendship : And then the squadron got old : Noah got old : Last year she had to give them their annual physical fitness test : And she had to fail them , all of them : including Noah : And now you 're asking her to ask him to come out of retirement : You put her in a very difficult position , Doctor : Perhaps : But it 's imperative Noah help us : All right : See what I can do : Well , Twiki , Captain Rogers seems to have his work cut out for him : [ Twiki Chirping ] It 's in the bag : Pardon me ? Everything 's copacetic : [ Chirping ] " Copa " what ? [ Chirping ] Forget it : I trust Buck : [ Chirping ] [ Chatting ] [ Wilma ] Hi , Plato : He should be here by 1 800 hours : He spends a lot of time here : - It 's not gonna be easy , is it ? - Noah 's just too old to go into space again : Even in the 25th century , they still throw people on the scrap heap because of their age : Buck , I didn 't want to ground him : It 's just that he wasn 't- - He wasn 't capable anymore : And I didn 't want to see him get hurt : - Wilma Deering : ! - Hi , Noah : What , no hug ? Since when did you greet me without a hug ? No matter what 's happened , I still love you , Dizzy " D : " Remember that : Dizzy " D " ? Oh , hi : Name 's Noah , as in Noah Cooper : Hi : Name 's Buck , as in Buck Rogers : - Buck : - Dizzy " D " ? Oh , we 've called her that since she was this high : Used to hang around the ready room , get into everything : Drove us dizzy : So we called her Dizzy Deering : Dizzy " D ' " for short : Now she 's all grown up : Old enough to take a man 's Silver Eagles away from him : Noah , I- - Hey , Cooper , you ready to take your whipping playing Ten-and-Eleven ? Sure , Red : Sorry , Dizzy " D , " Buck , got a card game waiting : Noah , I- - And you know how important that kind of thing is to us : older people : Noah , would you please listen to me for a moment ? We gonna play in the dark , Red , or what ? Happy Birthday : ! [ Everyone ] Happy Birthday ! I don 't like parties , and I don 't like presents , and most of all I don 't like being reminded of how old I am : But , thanks : Thank you : As long as we 're all here , Buck , I 'd like you to meet : what 's left of the 69th Earth Space Marine Squadron : Sergeant Big Red McMurty : Hiya , Big Red : Nice to meet ya : Corporal Schultz : M : K : to most : M : K : Lieutenant Harriet Twain : Nice to meet you : My husband , Eli : Glad to meet you : Same here : [ Barking ] That 's Lucky , our mascot : Hiya , Lucky : How are ya ? Oh , I 'm Captain Buck Rogers : It 's nice to meet all of you : And of course you all know Colonel Deering : Noah , I came here to ask you : to guide a squadron through the asteroids surrounding Necrosis IV : We 're gonna destroy Corliss 's base once and for all : I can 't : My peripheral vision is shot : Remember , Colonel ? Now , wait a minute : I understand your feelings , Major , but that base has got to be destroyed : You 're not really gonna penalize Earth for what Wilma did in the line of duty , are you ? All right : We 'll do it : And when I say " we , " I mean all of us : the Fighting 69th : You know what we could do ? We can convert Seymour class cargo sleds into Star Belly bombers : That 's the ship we used when we attacked that base years ago : You give us 1 2 hours to equip these sleds with tail gun turrets : another 1 2 hours to train , and we can be attacking Necrosis IV in two days : After which we will all want our Silver Eagles back : [ Lucky Barking ] But you 're all almost mandatory retirement age : They don 't look a day over 60 : Retirement is 85 : Eighty-five ? That 's the deal : Either I lead my old squadron through those asteroids or I lead nobody at all : Then forget it : Corliss would cut you to pieces : [ Trent ] How much longer ? They just started loading the gas into the missile casings : The foreman says they 'll be ready in 48 hours : I 'll get word to our people on Earth that they have two days to evacuate : You know , our spy in New Chicago is still trying to discern : how much the Defense Directorate has figured out : Huer could know everything , and it wouldn 't make a bit of difference : They can 't stop us now : It 's only a matter of time before the Earth is destroyed : Why , Alicia ! You still have feelings for your home world ? Oh : Surely all your family must be dead by now : And if they 're not : they soon will be : Nine runs , you didn 't hit the target once : I didn 't see you do any better up there : Yeah , and that was a safe-and-sane practice run : What do we do when there are enemy fighters and pulsars screaming all around ? Maybe we should stick to throwing birthday parties : Go on , get some rest : Do you still want to go with us , Buck ? Sure ! A bad dress rehearsal 's always a good sign : Take it from me : I know : I monitored your runs : Nine runs , nine misses : Don 't say anything to them : It 'll only make things worse : Noah is using 20-year-old cargo sleds , 30-year-old bombs , and 85-year-old pilots : How can I make it worse ? Look , Wilma , when I was in the Air Force : we had to dispose of a lot of surplus nerve gas : Believe me , Noah 's old-fashioned incendiaries : are the best way to deal with old-fashioned nerve gas : Dr : Huer was wrong : Why don 't you and Noah face up to that fact before you get yourself killed ? - Why don 't you be honest with yourself ? - What do you mean ? You love that old man : And you 're so afraid he 's gonna get hurt , it 's clouding your judgment : That was our spy in New Chicago : She says the Defense Directorate is planning : a bombing attack against us within the next two days : [ Laughing ] A bombing attack ? Huer 's insane : No , he 's desperate : He knows that when and if the nerve gas leaves here : his chances of destroying our ships before they reach Earth are practically nil : How can he expect anyone to navigate the asteroids in bombers ? Hejust got a reminder of how difficult it is for starfighters : Even if they were to penetrate the asteroids : they wouldn 't stand a chance against the pulsar batteries that surround us : Their pilots are committing suicide : Alicia , fill the commander 's glass : I 'm sorry : Am I interrupting you ? Well : what do we have here ? A memory globe : Probably the only reminder she has of her former world : She 's managed to hide it from me : all these years : Watch , Alicia : Watch what 's going to happen to your world : Watch : ! Finish this for me , will ya ? I wish you all the very best of luck : You all know how important this mission is , so there 's little left for me to say : Excepting that I 'll see you , all of you : when you get back : Does Wilma know we 're taking off tonight ? Yes , but she 's been keeping pretty much to herself these days : I must admit : I am surprised she isn 't here to see you off , Buck : [ Twiki Chirping ] Yeah , well , I guess she must have had other plans : [ Lucky Barking ] Ah , Noah , I 've been dead set against your leading this mission all along : I still am : But it 's because I didn 't want to find out : what it would be like not to have you around : Ahh ! And that goes for all of you too : So maybe you just better take me along : I 'd feel better if I could keep an eye on ya : [ Laughing ] [ Chirping ] Looks like I 've got myself a new copilot : Come on : - Comfortable back there , Harriet ? - I 'd rather be dropping bombs : [ Whistling ] [ Whistling Continues ] Piece of pacifier ? Thanks : [ Humming ] I 'd like to thank you for setting me straight about how I feel about Noah : Think nothing of it , Dizzy " D : " All right , here comes the tough part , kids : Getting through this is gonna make that bombing run seem easy : Stay close behind me , and do exactly what I do : And watch for falling rocks : Whew : Enemy craft approaching : They 're moving through the asteroids : The attack force from Earth : There are only three of them : On the off chance they get through the asteroids , they won 't get any further : Ready the squadron : Just a little further , kids : You 're doing fine : Reminds me of my playground back home : Okay , start breathing again , everyone : - [ Beeping ] - Stop breathing : We got company : Tight " T " formation : Look alive , tail gunners : - You take over : - Got it : Ya-hoo ! Who 's old ? I 'm not old : [ Pilot ] They 're shooting from their tails : They 've modified sled class bombers with tail gun mounts : Go beneath their fire : Attack their bellies : Yes , sir : Low-level bombers : They 're ancient : But they could conceivably fly in below our pulsar screens : [ Corliss ] They 'll never get that far : ! Nice shot , Big Red : Looks like they 're sending up reinforcements : We 'll retreat temporarily to the asteroids : Buck , we 're losing control ! All right : Hang on ! All right , bring her up slowly : Okay , all systems returning to green : Prepare to rendezvous with Noah : She 's a little sluggish , but I think we can finish the mission : [ Pilot ] You will surrender at once or be destroyed : Proceed to Vector 9-4KV Coordinate " C : ' " We will tractor beam you into the hanger : You hear that , Noah ? They 've been captured : ! I heard : - What do we do , Noah ? - What can we do ? We 've lost them : We 've lost ' em : You wanted to speak with me , Dr : Huer ? Yes : Come in , please : You 'd better put me on the desk , Twiki : I have a feeling I 'm going to be here a while : [ Twiki Chirping ] So do I : I just received a subspace message from Major Cooper : He 's about to start his bombing attack on Corliss 's base : I was under the impression they were to have done so by now : Yes : Well , they were engaged by enemy fighters as they broke through the asteroids : and they had to regroup : They lost Colonel Deering and Buck : Oh , my ! Major Cooper feels they 're being held on the base : He also knows he 's going to have to go through with the bombing anyway : Two chances left to destroy the nerve gas : while it 's still on Necrosis IV : Frankly , I expected to have this chat : right after Major Cooper and the others took off : You did call me in to discuss our alternatives should their mission fail : Did you not ? There 's no harm in hoping they 'd be successful , is there ? - There 's little else we can do : - That 's not quite true : Come now , Dr : Theopolis : Surely you don 't think Corliss will send a squadron to Earth to release the nerve gas : He 'll send his ships individually : And even though we destroy them all : the odds are that one : will come close enough to our atmosphere to poison it : I was referring to the fact that we can and must take steps : to see that Earth 's leadership survives : Obviously nerve gas will have no effect on us computers : But as for you humans- - Yes : Yes , I know , I know : I 'll alert Maintenance to ready the Omega Complex : But in the meantime : you and I , Dr : Theopolis : must decide which of Earth 's population will live : and which will die : It 's a dreadful task , but we must- - Twiki , where are you going ? [ Chirping ] I know that , but- [ Chirping ] - What was that all about ? He was upset we 're assuming that Captain Rogers is never coming back : We really must continue , Dr : Huer : [ Harriet ] We 're low on fuel and time , Noah : - We 've got to attack ! - We can 't : Wilma and Buck are down there : And Corliss will be attacking Earth while we 're sitting up here : I 've got to take that risk , Harriet : You can 't afford to : Dr : Huer is counting on us : That place is like an ammunition dump : If we bomb it , Dizzy " D " and Buck won 't have a chance : Neither does the Earth : unless we attack : [ Corliss ] The scanner indicates no movement outside the asteroids : The Terrans must be drifting around in orbit inside the belt : Whatever 's left of them , that is : That 's right : You haven 't seen your handiwork , have you ? Take a good look , Colonel : I 'm sure you 've heard how eager we 've been to thank you : [ Groans ] [ Groaning ] Yes : welcome , Colonel Deering : It 's been a long three years : You were smuggling weapons to hostile colonies : It was my duty to try and stop you : Who 's your friend , Colonel ? Buck Rogers : Roxanne Trent : My pleasure : Have you ever been in a fire , Rogers ? Or should I say : have you ever been on fire ? No , I can 't say that I have : Do you know what pain is , Rogers ? There are all kinds of pain : No : I 'm talking about a pain that 's so intense : the only way you can stop it is to have its source removed : Had a toothache once : If you had surrendered instead of remaining fugitives : you could 've been treated at any number of good clinics : And spend the rest of our life in detention : with no hope of revenge ? Oh : how you 're going to wish we had surrendered , Colonel Deering : Alicia , bring me the torch : I said , bring me the torch ! Now that you 've captured me , you have no reason to harm anyone else : Let Buck go , and give up any idea you might have had of attacking Earth : Oh , and let all that nerve gas go to waste ? Your grudge is with me : Our grudge is with whomever we please : [ Corliss ] If the possibility of us murdering innocent people upsets you , Colonel : all the better : You 're criminals : You were smuggling contraband three years ago : Those weapons were outlawed precisely because they were dangerous : All you cared about was the price the Arcturans were gonna give you for those weapons : Any weapons : ! You didn 't care how flammable or unsafe they were : Whether you admit it or not , you deserved exactly what you got : Alicia , what are you doing ? She 's talking : She can 't talk : She doesn 't have the mind for it : She might not be able to hear , and she might not be able to speak : but she certainly can talk , and she has a mind : It 's okay : Stop that : I don 't want her to talk : Alicia , get out of here : It 's all right , Roxanne : They talk with their hands : Behind his back : And the colonel ? Tie her feet : What happened when you shot down our ship , Colonel , was this : The cargo exploded : I tried to seal off the cabin , fell into the hold and became a living torch : Roxanne managed to pull me out , finally : You can see for yourself at what price : Of course , neither of you can ever understand what we went through : Unless , of course , you were to go through it yourselves : You will play me , and Rogers will play Corliss : No , look , let Buck go : Do whatever you like to me : I don 't care : That 's the point : You care for him : Enough to beat the flames out with your bare hands : Keep your hands to yourself , Wilma : You got better things to do with them : Commander , there 's movement within the asteroids : Looks like the Terrans are preparing to attack again : Send a squadron to intercept them : Sir , most of our remaining fighters have been armed with nerve gas missiles : There are only two Earth ships left : Our fighters should have no problem : Commander , the Terrans ' first attack left us with only four ships to spare : Take them to the holding room : - We 're out of time , Noah : - We 've got to attack now : Maybe Dizzy " D " was right : You shouldn 't have taken this assignment : Yeah ! Maybe you 're too old and too scared to do the job : - Damn it ! You all love her too : - Of course we do , Noah : [ Big Red ] Yeah , but we got work to do : We 're going down : [ Noah ] We 'll wait till the P : C : ' s are up full : You follow me in , Big Red : Roger ! That 's what a Marine likes to hear : About to either be bombed or tortured : Bet you 've never been in this situation before : No , I can 't say that I have : Sorry I got you into this : That 's all right : Never a dull moment with you , Wilma : That 's why I keep you around : Don 't worry : We 'll get outta this : If you buy that , I 've got a nice corner lot for you in Anarchia : How 'd you ever learn sign language ? Usually hand-talking is only taught to children who are born deaf : Someone taught me in the 20th century : You 've seen sign language before , haven 't you ? Yes , but there 's really no need to learn it : since deafness is usually cured in childhood with electronic surgery : Where did you learn it ? Through a friend or relative ? A friend : She was a teacher : She taught handicapped kids : I used to go along when she took ' em on field trips : Don 't look now , but I think we 've got a visitor : She 's gonna help us : We 're to try to distract the guards and stay as close to the entryway as possible : I think that could be arranged : Hi : I sure like men in uniforms : It 's true : She does : You 've got the cutest blue eyes : Think there 's any way we could : get together ? [ Wilma ] When do you get off duty ? I 'm talking to all three of you , you know : She likes ya : [ Wilma ] You three have a date tonight ? All right , everybody : Just keep it quiet : The excitement 's over : Gentlemen , into the cell , if you please ? Well , Wilma , what do you think ? - I think they should strip : - Wilma : You heard what the lady said : [ Pilot ] Theyjust got Tryon : I 'm the only one left : You said they were outnumbered two to one : The tail mounts the Terrans are using- - the computers in our fighters aren 't prepared to deal with them : [ Pilot ] Looks like one of their sleds has been damaged : I 'm going after it : - Noah , how bad are you hit ? - Scorpion , 1 5 5 degrees : Bring us around : I can 't sight him up : He 's closing in ! Yee-haw ! Good shooting , Harriet ! That 's all of 'em : Look at that : Nothing but empty sky down there : We got all of 'em ! Now we can start dropping some bombs : All right , listen , kids : Red , I want you to make the first run : I have to make sure these controls are fully operational : They 've got pulsar batteries down there : What we have to do is come in low enough to fly beneath them : Long and low , that 's our approach : Once you 're there , just let ' em drop : I 'm ready : Just give me the " Go " sign : She 'll understand , Noah : They 'll both understand : You 're clear , Big Red : Go : One of them is positioning itself for a bombing run : Ready the pulsar batteries : Lock in the compu-defense system : They 'll never get close enough to bomb us : Perhaps we should prepare an escape vessel : Pulsar batteries deployed : The bomber 's still coming : Do as you see fit : Order the hangar crew to remove the gas missiles from one of the fighters : And prepare it for immediate launch : Quickly : [ Softly ] Our sled is through that door : You two go first and take it easy , okay ? Go : Both of you , come with me : I said , come with me : Run ! Stop them ! Tell them to let her go ! Tell them to let them go ! I have no qualms about pulling this trigger : Neither do I , Rogers : Steady : [ Humming ] Steady , steady : More left : Stop humming : [ M : K : ] More left : Got it : Bomb away : Good-bye , Dizzy " D : " You fool ! That 's an ancient signaling device : Get the message ? Wilma , get the door : You , get over there ! - You missed ! - If you 'd just stop the humming : Who 's humming ? I 'm not humming : - Big Red to Mother One : - We saw , Big Red : Come on back up : Now it 's our turn : Hold it steady : We 're almost there : Second enemy bomber approaching ! We 're trapped in here : Steady : Noah , Harriet ? - Yes , Eli ? - I just wanted to say : I love you both : Ready ? Right : Hang on : Bomb away : This one 's gonna hit ! [ Big Red ] A hit : ! By God , a hit : ! Noah , you did it ! Noah Cooper , you did it ! [ Wilma ] Hey , keep it down out there : - [ Big Red ] Dizzy " D ' . ! I mean , Colonel Deering : ! - And friends : - Still think we 're too old ? - Maybe I am , but you 're certainly not : [ Wilma ] Looks like you 've got an apology coming , Major Cooper : Noah ? [ Wilma ] Come in , Major Cooper : Noah , why don 't you answer me ? They 're gone : Welcome : Welcome home : I just heard : You destroyed the base : Congratulations , gentlemen : Buck , Colonel : You should 've sent me a subspace message : I 'd have had all the Federation leaders here to meet you : All of Earth is eternally grateful : Glad to hear it : Well , who is this we have here ? Doc , this is Alicia : [ Buck ] We picked her up on the way back : It 's a long story : I 've very pleased to meet you : Where 's Noah and the Twains ? The base went up like a 50-megaton bomb : [ Chirping ] [ Theo ] We brought something Major Cooper asked for : to be given to you on your return : Twiki ? Thank you , Twiki : [ Chirping ] [ Wilma ] Silver Eagles : Of course you 'll be reinstated to full active duty as soon as possible : Thank you , sir : Thank you : [ Man On P : A : ] Ready approach on Tube 1 0 1 : What 's coming in at this hour ? Sixth-ninth squadron , cleared for approach : Did he say 69th ? [ Noah ] Sorry about being late : - Noah ? - Where 'd he come from ? We got blown all the way back up into the asteroids : We had a little trouble gettin 'home , but we 're all fine : [ Chirping ] Hot stuff ! : Ya-hoo ! If Dizzy " D ' " is around : ask her if she still thinks I 'm too old for this sort of thing : Harriet : Oh , thank you : Eli : Cheers : Cheers : I took it upon myself to update the Directorate 's annual physical fitness test : I hope you don 't mind : No , not at all : You saved me the trouble of doing it myself : Isn 't that so , Dr : Theopolis ? Yes , indeed : [ Chirping ] You wanna dance , Wilma ? Thank you , no , Twiki : Nuts ! Where 's Buck ? He 's late for his own party : He had some business at the Registry : I think he 's trying to find Alicia 's parents : He couldn 't pull off a miracle like that , could he ? He could : I know you 're all wondering where I 've been : Five years ago , this young lady was kidnapped from her family : May I present them to you ? [ Lucky Barking ] You 've been busy , haven 't you ? I certainly have : I also dropped by the Medical Directorate : Alicia 's scheduled for electronic surgery next month : With a little retraining , she 'll be able to hear in no time : [ Chirping ] That 's nice ! She 's gonna have some adjusting to do : Say , big fella , would you like to dance ? Sure , why not ? Great ! Twiki , I just found you a dance partner : Buck , can I lead ?
