 If it was common knowledge that Zantia was a world without men , we 'd be invaded immediately : [ Narrator ] Buck finds himself the center of attention : : : - On a planet of desperate women with a shocking secret : - Where to now ? - To meet your new mate : - Mate ? I brought him to your quarters because I knew he was the one you 've been looking for : Be careful ! We don 't want him damaged ! You have three seconds to clear this vector , Buck : - Wilma , don 't try to stop me : - Open fire : [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : [ Buck ] The Ruathans are honoring the truce , Wilma : They 're allowing ships through their blockade as long as they follow the designated corridors : So Madrea is able to get the supplies : Doesn 't look like they 're exporting much barbarite though : [ Sighs ] We 're well aware of that : No offense , Wilma , but you look like something the cat dragged in , then dragged right out again : Why is it that for once I know exactly what you 're talking about ? [ Chuckles ] Negotiations not going well ? They 're going nowhere : And if the Ruathans quit the talks : : : And reinstate a full blockade around Madrea , we have no choice but to declare war : Now , come on , Wilma : Have a little faith in Theo : You know he can talk the quills off a porcupine : - You know that : - I do ? [ Chuckles ] Here : Maybe this will cheer you up : You like it ? It 's beautiful : It 's yours : At least it will be after dinner tonight at my place , 1900 hours : Having you check out Madrea was my idea : I owe you the favor : I was hoping you 'd say that : [ Beeping ] I gotta go , Wilma : I 'm picking up something on the distress channel : I 'll call you when I land : Deering , out : This is Earth starfighter 1314 : Can I be of assistance ? [ Woman ] Our orbit is decaying : The power units are down : We have no repair equipment , and we 'rejust drifting : Hang on : I got a fix on you : I 'm on my way : [ Woman ] He sounded good-looking : Oh , you say that about every Terran : No , this one had a nice , good-looking voice : Why don 't you switch on video , okay ? Okay : But 10 credits says he 's fat and has a nose like a subspace relay : Okay : [ Buck ] This is Earth starfighter 1314 : I 'm approaching at 50 degrees : This is the space yacht Aurora : We have you on scanner : - [ Mouthing Words ] - Uh , do you have video transmission capability ? Sure do : How 's that ? Uh , fine : Couldn 't be much better : - What can I do for you ? - Uh , my sister and I : : : Were hoping that you could give us a tow back down to Zantia : - That 's our home : - Zantia is a closed colony : Earth ships aren 't allowed to land there : Suppose I just come aboard and check out your engines myself : Oh , no , no : A tow is all we 're after : - Right now , anyway : - [ Chuckles ] The Zantian authorities will let you bring us in , I 'm sure : After all , we 're natives : And this is an emergency : Well , you talked me into it : Stand by for a tractor beam , and I 'll see you in the spaceport : Ten credits , Linea : You owe me 10 credits : No , I don 't : What , don 't you think he 's good-looking ? No : I think he 's gorgeous : [ Buck ] Earth starfighter 1314 to Zantia Landing Control : You are trespassing in Zantian space : I have a disabled ship in tow , the yacht Aurora : Request clearance to bring it in : Earth ships are categorically denied clearance at Zantia Spaceport : The Aurora has no power : And would you rather I cut it loose , let gravity take it down : : : - And have it splash all over your spaceport ? - One moment : You are to follow the yellow landing tracer to Docking Area 2 : The slightest variation from that course will result in your destruction : Zantia Landing Control , out : Thanks : Welcome to Zantia : [ Engine Off ] What happened , my dears ? I just got word you had to be towed in : Uh , the power units went out on us , and you had no repair equipment on board : Why , that can 't be : I had it out to inspect only yesterday : And you left it in the maintenance bay didn 't you , Uncle ? Oh , my : I 'm sorry : Oh , oh , this is the man who towed us in : We haven 't even met : Properly , that is : I 'm Nyree : - Hi : Buck Rogers : - I 'm her sister , Linea : And this is our uncle : Cassius Thorne : I 'm afraid it 's my fault these two were stranded : I 'm terribly sorry for the inconvenience : Oh , that 's quite all right : But the controller has made it very clear he doesn 't want me to hang around : So , while it 's been pleasant , uh , I 'd better make it short : Oh , but you have to let us thank you : Uncle , you have friends at the Spaceship Authority : Tell them to let him stay : Just for : : : Tonight ? - Well , I did have plans back on Earth : - [ Nyree ] They can wait , can 't they ? Very , very few Earth men get to see the things on Zantia that we can show you : - Is that right ? - It 's settled then : I 'll speak to the controller : Linea , you make the dinner arrangements : Nyree , you show him around : Sounds good to me : Uh , don 't wear him out , Nyree : He 's got a big night ahead of him : We deserve a bigger cut for this one , Cassius : He 'll bring a fortune : You may be right : In fact , I think the prime minister should have a look at this one : Since the ineptitude of your human associates : : : Seems to have rubbed off on you , Theopolis , let me once again state the central fact : There 's no need to be abusive , Mr : Devronin : [ Devronin ] Ruathans , not Earth people , settled Madrea : Therefore , the planet belongs to us : With all due respect to your view , Mr : Devronin , the Madreans would like to decide for themselves who rules them : Let 's stay with the facts , shall we , Dr : Huer ? The Earth has grown dependent on Madrea : : : For the mineral barbarite : How will your generators function without barbarite ? Our Federation will not turn the Madrean sector over to you : We made that clear yesterday : That 's it , Dr : Huer : Theopolis , think about it : And think about the blockade we have up around Madrea : And how critical Earth 's shortage ofbarbarite will soon become : I think a recess is in order : I 'm going to return to our starcruiser : I expect to hear from you within 12 hours : Your shuttle is fueled and ready for takeoff in the main hangar , sir , and there 's an escort standing by : I should hope so : Karsh ? [ Theo ] Twiki , I 'd like to go to the Computer Council Chamber , please : [ Chirping ] You got it , boss : Gentlemen , there are refreshments in the other room , so help yourself , please , before you leave : [ Chirping ] Why , you turkey : [ Chirping ] Look who you 're messing around with , bozo : We are in a very unfortunate position : Ultimately , all we can threaten to do is go to war : Lf , however , the Ruathans are not honoring the truce ... I heard from Buck , and he said the corridor to Madrea is open : Fine : Thank him for the report when you see him : I will : He 's cooking dinner for me tonight : Oh , I 'm sorry : My , my , my : Here we are : Sorry to keep you waiting , Buck : Oh , no problem : Think nothing of it : So this is where you ladies live , huh ? Yes : No : Uh , well , I live here : Linea lives in tower four : Hmm : Uh , why don 't you push on some music , Nyree , while I fix everyone some drinks : I , um , I hope Centauran brandy is all right with everyone : It 's always been my favorite : [ Chuckles ] [ Soft ] Guess I 'm being a little selfish : Here : Let me get that : [ Chuckles ] You 're our guest : You should let us serve you : Well , believe me , if I didn 't take a great deal of pleasure in doing it , I wouldn 't : [ Laughs ] Here you are : There 's one for you : And one for you : [ Buck ] Bottoms up : I brought him to your quarters because I knew he was the one you 've been looking for : You like ? I 'll be back in an hour : I want him removed by then : You realize that according to your law , he must go through the same process as all the others ? You 'll have plenty of time to think of all the money you 're going to make on him , Mr : Thorne : Right now , I 'd worry about taking care of him : And fast : He knows something 's going on in there : That 's what I like about him : [ Prime Minister ] Ariela ? Ariela ? The prime minister sitting on a horse instead of her hands : - This must be important : - Stop it : You 're impossible to reach these days , Ariela : In more ways than one : I had to talk to you before tomorrow : What ? About the opposition I 've been organizing against you ? [ Sighs ] Then the rumors were true : Oh , Mother , we 're not really opposing you : It 's your policies : Keeping our planet isolated : Making outworlders believe there are men here when there are practically none : And passing those contemptible laws : Out of necessity : Out of fear : I 'm doing what 's best for Zantia : Best : Mother , I 'm ashamed to live here : We 're repeating ourselves , Ariela : That 's not what I came here to do : I found a man for you : He 'll be brought to you tomorrow : No : I won 't go along with that : Yes , you will : It 's the law : Come on : [ Sighs ] [ Linea Giggling ] In all honesty , Buck , I 've never met anyone quite as , uh , [ Laughs ] Funny as you : There : Last of the brandy : No , no : No , thank you : Please ? No , no , no : Here : You drink it : [ On Intercom ] Maybe later : Surely you 're hungry by now : - No : No : - [ Sighs ] I 'd like to know what I 'm doing here : You know , for the past hour , you two have been shucking and jiving me : : : About eat this , drink that , smell those : Now don 't try to say anything unless you wanna tell me what it is you want with me : That 's easy : We want you for local consumption , as it were : Hmm : Whatever that means , I don 't like it : Is it something I said ? I knew it : You 're just in this for the kicks , aren 't you ? Be careful ! We don 't want him damaged : [ Thorne ] This is ridiculous : Use your weapon : ! You incompetent fools ! This is just what I wanted to avoid : The wound won 't be too noticeable : It better not be : He 's going to bring us 10,000 credits at least : 10,000 : [ Groans ] Now take it easy : How do you feel ? [ Groans ] There 's a little man running around inside my head screaming in pain : It 's me : I 'm Parker , captain of the Morning Star : Buck Rogers : Don 't tell me : You received a distress call from two sisters in a disabled ship , right ? Mm-hmm : We were heading out to Timbil on an archeological survey : : : - When we picked up the distress signal : - Sounds familiar : Dr : Macon , team archaeologist : Doctor : How do you do ? Anybody know what 's going on around here ? [ Sighs ] Zantia 's always avoided outworlders like the plague : Yet they seem quite well equipped to kidnap outworlders : An interesting paradox : Yeah : Well , this is cute : It 's triggered by body heat : The closer you get , the more solid they become : Ah , good : You are undamaged , Rogers : You have no idea how happy that makes me : You 're really more valuable than you know : What 's this all about ? You 'll find out soon enough : You 're all going to be disposed of pretty soon : Disposed of ? Take it easy , Professor : You 'll give yourself a heart attack : Not that we 'd be losing that much in your case : Well : No matter what he 's got in mind , there 's six of us , all able-bodied , and only two guards : Yeah , but they 're armed : We 're not : I still like the odds : So unless some of you want to be disposed of , listen up : Come here : Now look : Here 's what we 're gonna do : Still no word from Buck : Nothing last night and nothing this morning : Well , that 's not like Buck : No , it 's not : What 's more , I ran his last known coordinates with Central Data : Take a look at the readout : [ Beeps ] [ Huer ] Morning Star , Clarion : Arcturan cargo freighter : All three of these ships disappeared in the same sector of space ? Mm-hmm : The same one Buck was last reported in : Doctor , Major Norris knows as much about the security procedures for the negotiations as I do : I 'm really not needed here : Well , under the circumstances , Colonel , I think you should have your ship made ready for takeoff as soon as possible : - It already is : - Oh ? I like to be prepared : And , Colonel ? I 'd like you both back : [ Force Field Whirring ] [ Whirring Stops ] It 's time : Let 's go : You 're just not gonna let them take us : Slaughter us like animals : Macon , calm down : No ! Please ! We have to stop them ! They 're gonna kill us , Parker : Do you understand that ? They 're gonna ... [ Gasping ] I suppose you had to do that to preserve your egos : Yeah , well , so much for a good idea : Well , game time 's over : Put the cuffs on them : Those are armed now : I wouldn 't try anything else if I were you : What , you mean these are ... [ Electrical Charge ] [ Thorne ] Are you ready to move quietly now ? Ariela , you 've gotta convince her to do something : It 's no use : My mother will keep pretending there are as many men here as women indefinitely : She thinks it 's better to do nothing than take the chance of making things worse : But the Ruathans will never release the men unless we confront them : Which is something we have to do , not my mother : You found an army all of a sudden ? Listen : My mother 's found a mate for me : Now I did some checking , and I discovered that he 's a Terran pilot , whose starfighter is sitting in the spaceport right now : A starfighter ? Fully functional and ready to fly : Now what do you think would happen , Jayel , if we were to use it to kidnap : : : An extremely important Ruathan ? We could bargain for the release of the prisoners : Exactly : [ Man ] All right : What is my bid for this fine male here ? [ Continues , Indistinct ] Parker , you 're first : [ Man Continues , Indistinct ] Four : There 's a four over there : 400 credits : Did you hear that ? Sounds like a crowd cheering : - Gladiatorial games ? - No , I don 't think so : Seven , ma 'am : Very good : Oh , my Lord : - [ Man Continues , Indistinct ] - Listen to that chanting : 800 : This is one of the best ... [ Continues , Indistinct ] I knew it : - Human sacrifice : - Gone , for 800 credits : [ Applause ] Your turn , Rogers : [ Chattering ] [ Women Reacting To Buck ] All right : We have a first-class specimen here ... superb physical condition , high intelligence : Obviously a born leader : Some lucky woman is going to have her hands full trying to tame this one : Oh , good grief : [ Women Gasp ] [ Thorne ] Ladies , please , get ready : We start the bidding at 400 : Very low bid to start with on the prime Terran male : 400 : Five : I see five in the audience : [ Bell Dings ] Do I hear more ? 800 : Ah , that 's more like it : This is a valuable property here : Our psych-scanners show an extremely high intelligence quotient , unusual sensitivity , compassion , a ready wit : : : And a strong , ethical character : - [ Bell Dings ] - And 400 more : 1,200 : Do I see more ? This is a specimen you can hardly afford to pass up : This is degrading : I 'm worth more than that : Ladies , this prime Terran male is an excellent investment : [ Beeps ] - [ Bell Dings ] - 1,600 , from the unseen lady on monitor four : Do I see more ? Move around : - What ? - Move around : Show them the merchandise : Blow it out your nose , Thorne : All right : [ Women Murmuring ] [ Thorne ] Ladies , ladies : I am shocked and appalled : ! 1,600 is a joke : This is a young , attractive , healthy specimen : - [ Beeps ] - [ Bell Dings ] 2,200 : That 's more like it : Do I hear more ? A higher bid , please : Don 't worry : I won 't let you go for less than 5,000 : - Thanks : I appreciate that : - [ Beeps ] - [ Bell Dings ] - 3,000 : 3,000 on the monitor from bidder number four : - [ Beeps ] - Do I hear more ? The bid is now 4,000 : Do I hear five ? - [ Bell Dings ] - 10,000 : ! I 'm gonna get this one : [ Beeps ] 12,000 : Going once , - going twice ... - [ Beeps ] 20,000 ! An excellent bid : Do I hear more ? Going once at 20,000 : Going twice at 20,000 : Sold to bidder number four for 20,000 credits : You should be flattered : You fetched the highest bid we 've ever gotten here : Of which you get 10 % , right ? Fifteen : I have enormous overhead : Let 's go : Where to now ? Where else ? To meet your new mate : Mate ? [ Chirping ] Get your red hots ! Get ' em while they last : Here : What on earth is he talking about now ? I 've stopped asking : [ Chirping ] You two look like leftover dinners : Why , thank you , Twiki : We appreciate that : [ Chirping ] Anytime : Have you heard from Colonel Deering , Doctor ? About 20 minutes ago : She just left Stargate 20 and was entering the Tauran system : She should be in Zantian space by now : [ Chirping ] Lucky stiff : Stiff ? : What 's a stiff ? : You don 't wanna know : [ Beeping ] Earth starfighter 4332 to vessel in distress , can you copy ? [ Nyree ] This is the space yacht Aurora out of Zantia : Uh , sorry to bother you , starfighter : We had some temporary flux in our starboard engine , but it 's clear now : Faulty discharge too : I already replaced it : You might have waited till you exhausted all your options before sending out a distress signal : [ Linea ] Sorry : Wejust didn 't think : Thank you for responding : Aurora , out : [ Sighs ] One good distress signal deserves another : [ Wilma ] Zantia landing control , this is Earth starfighter 4332 : I have an emergency : Please respond : You are trespassing in Zantian space : I have a declared emergency : My stabilizers are crippled : Earth ships are categorically denied clearance at Zantia Spaceport : Well , all I need is a few hours to repair my ship : Earth ships are categorically denied clearance at Zantia Spaceport : If I don 't land on your planet , I 'll crash on it : - Earth ships are ... - Categorically denied clearance in Zantia Spaceport : I know : I know : [ Wilma ] Sorry : I don 't have time tojoin you in another chorus : I 'm landing on your planet whether you like it or not : If you want to shoot down a vessel in distress , fine : But don 't be surprised when the Defense Directorate marches in with a squadron of fighters : [ Beeps ] I 'm Ariela Dyne : And you 're Buck Rogers : So what ? Look : I 've just about lost patience with this whole thing : You know , your auction was so absurd , it was almost funny : But I 'm getting a little tired of being led around like some kind of prize bull : I don 't blame you : What do you mean you don 't blame me ? I 'm supposed to be your mate : Don 't you wanna look at my teeth or something ? I don 't like this any better than you do , Captain : I 'd rather live alone than buy a mate : The plain fact of the matter is ... [ Beep ] [ Beeping Stops ] Come with me : Why should I ? I said come with me : Please : What was that all about ? We were being monitored in there : Monitored ? By whom ? Probably my mother : Or maybe someone who knows I oppose my mother 's policies : My mother 's the prime minister of Zantia : It 's beautiful out here : Reminds me of summers in Colorado : [ Buck ] A long time ago : Yeah , it is beautiful here : We had to fight to keep it like this : Two years ago , the Ruathans tried to invade us : Really ? Yeah , I think we embarrassed them : Drove them back into space : Fought them to a standstill : But in the process , most of the men of Zantia were either killed or taken prisoner : So you hired Cassius Thorne to lure men here and repopulate the planet , huh ? Why notjust ask for men ? I 'm sure you 'd have more volunteers than you 'd know what to do with : We couldn 't : If it were common knowledge that Zantia was a world without men , - we 'd be invaded immediately : - Why ? I 'm sure they have enough women pilots : Not enough : For years , we let the men handle the defenses : Suddenly , the men were gone , and there weren 't enough of us to even train new people : So you propagated a sham , went on with a pretense that your Zantian men were alive : : : And manning the defenses , huh ? Well , we can 't do it forever , no matter what my mother thinks : [ Buck Sighs ] I hate the lies : And I hate what we do to people like you : You don 't have to , you know : You can negotiate with the Ruathans : - Earth would help : - There 's a better way : We know the Ruathan leader is on Earth right now : - We ? - Others who feel as I do : [ Ariela ] And we know the Ruathan negotiator uses a simple shuttle : : : To transport himself from his starcruiser to New Chicago : - Now , with your ship , we could intercept him : - Where does that leave me ? If you could get me through the stargate and into Earth 's solar system , I 'll drop you at whatever space station you wish : No : No , you 're no pilot : You 'd be no match for the Ruathans : If I go with you at all , I go all the way : - Why ? - I like you : Takes a lot of chutzpah to do what you 're trying to do : Chutzpah ? What is that , a disease ? [ Laughs ] What 's this ? Mm , some kind of mineral , I think : Seems to be quite common : Hmm : Looks like barbarite : - [ Horse Neighs ] - Stop her ! She heard us : Hyah ! Hyah ! Come on ! Hyah ! Hyah ! Come on ! Hyah ! [ Grunts ] [ Electrical Charge ] A laser fence : Perfect timing , whoever she is : She was at the auction : She was one of the ladies bidding on me : - Well , she could ruin all our plans : - Unless we leave immediately : Let 's go : [ Electrical Charge Continues ] Buck is definitely here at Zantia : His ship was at the spaceport when I arrived : And you think he 's being held by the Zantian government , eh ? [ Exhales ] All I know is this place is like an armed camp : I had to , uh , borrow a uniform to get past the guards at the spaceport : [ Wilma On Intercom ] How are negotiations going ? Well , they 've recessed for an hour : And I 'm afraid that 's the best I can say about it : Dr : Theopolis here is pessimistic : Very well : Make sure they 're ready : I 've gotta go : I think I 've got a lead on Buck : Deering out : Dr : Theopolis , would you perhaps like to pay a social call to Mr : Devronin : : : To keep the communication lines open , more or less ? I should think that the two of you would have a great deal in common : Not as much as you might think , Doctor : But I 'll certainly try : And Twiki here can have a conversation with Mr : Devronin 's bodyguard , Karsh : - [ Chirping ] Stuff that : - Stuff that ? What ? He said he 'd love that : In a pig 's eye : Now does that mean you don 't want to speak to Mr : Karsh ? You got it : Twiki and Mr : Karsh are not on the best of terms , Doctor : I wouldn 't advise further contact between them : Why ? What 's happened ? Let 's just say that on their last encounter , Twiki lived up to his name : [ Chirping ] Yeah , I gave him a tweak he 'll never forget : Tweak : Tweak : [ Chuckles ] I knew my daughter opposed me : But I didn 't know she 'd actually commit treason against me : I know this must come as a great shock to you , Prime Minister , but I do have the recordings to prove it : How is it you came to be spying on my daughter ? I 'd rather not say , Prime Minister : You 'd rather not say : And just what do you expect to gain from telling me all of this ? Just the knowledge that I 've helped my world : And I want the Terran pilot Buck Rogers : I might have known : Well , he 's yours : : : When we find him : Inform the spaceport that I want a security cordon : : : Around the Terran starfighter immediately : If and when my daughter arrives , I want her brought to me : : : Unharmed : - [ Object Shatters ] - Don 't move : I wouldn 't think of it : That pendant you 're wearing belongs to a friend of mine : - Where is he ? - I really don 't know : I think you do : I 'll give you 30 seconds before I fry you inch by inch from the bottom up : - He 's with Ariela Dyne at her home outside the city : - Then that 's where we 're going : You really don 't need me to take you there : Why don 't I diagram its location ? Have you ever heard of a grilled cheese sandwich ? - No : - Friend of mine told me about them once : Let 's say you 're the bread : Hold it over a fire , for say , two , three minutes : I 'm going : I 'm going : [ Computers Whirring ] They 're not gonna stay unconscious for long : Let 's get outta here : Move ! Hang on : Sorry : Nobody home : Don 't move : I 'm looking for a friend of mine ... Buck Rogers : - Where is he ? - Tell her about the grilled what-do-you-call-it : - You 're too late : - What do you mean ? What 's happened to him ? You better worry about yourself , lady : Those are the prime minister 's guards : As it turns out , I 'm more of an asset than you thought : The Ruathan negotiator travels to and from a starcruiser every day , escorted by Earth starfighters : - I know that : - Yes , but if you were to make an unauthorized approach , they 'd shoot first and ask questions later : But since they know me , they 'll ask questions first : And then they 'll open fire ? Yeah , well , the idea is to do away with that part : Mm : But you are taking a big chance , aren 't you ? Well , I prefer to call it a calculated risk : Thank you : Well , that 's a little premature : The worse is yet to come : That 's why I 'm saying it now : Prime Minister , you must let me go : You lied in order to land on our planet : You deliberately disobeyed our laws and trespassed : And you 're in league with a man who started a gun battle in our spaceport : And yet I 'm simply to let you go ? Please , if what the woman in your daughter 's apartment says is true , then Buck and Ariela are going to try to kidnap : : : The Ruathan negotiator , Mr : Devronin : What chance do they have of succeeding ? A very good one : Buck is totally familiar with all our security procedures , and he knows several of the pilots who are flying escort , personally : My daughter could actually do this ? Yes , she could : Which is sure to end the negotiations : The Earth will lose what 's become our primary source of barbarite : And Zantia will be open prey once Ariela exposes your vulnerability : They must be stopped : [ Sighs ] The question is how ? Well , Buck is flying two people in his starfighter : I could catch up to him in mine and stop him : Somehow : Uh , see that Colonel Deering gets to her spaceship as quickly as possible : Thank you : And , Colonel : Even though my daughter ... Even though my daughter is with Rogers , do whatever must be done : Once we 're through the stargate , we 'll be able to see the Ruathan starcruiser : How do we know the negotiator is going to be en route in his shuttle ? Well , we don 't : But it 's midafternoon on Earth : The meeting should be breaking up pretty soon : We 'll just wait for him up here : Entering stargate : [ Computer Warbling ] [ Buck ] Yeah , there 's the starcruiser : 570,000 kilometers and 50 degrees starboard : [ Warbling ] Hello : Is that the shuttle ? 165 degrees port : You must bring good luck : Hmm : We 'll know that for sure pretty soon , won 't we ? Mm : Hang on : [ Buck ] Earth starfighter 1314 to Escort Leader : Buck Rogers to Escort Leader , do you read ? Leader to ES-1314 , I 've gotcha on the scanner : - Who 's that ? Major Norris ? - Affirmative : What are you doing up here , Captain Rogers ? There 's been a change in plans due to an emergency : The shuttle and Mr : Devronin are to dock with my ship immediately : [ Devronin ] I heard that , whoever you are : Your request is totally ridiculous : I have no intention of doing anything but getting back to the company of non-Terrans : I 'm afraid it 's not a request , sir : I 'm ordering you to prepare for boarding immediately : [ Norris ] Now wait a minute , Captain : [ Buck ] There 's no time to explain : This is Colonel Deering : - Don 't listen to him , Major : - Wilma ? I know what you intend to do , Buck , and I can 't let you do it : [ Norris ] Colonel Deering , what 's going on ? [ Wilma ] Buck is trying to kidnap Mr : Devronin : What ? [ Wilma ] You have three seconds to clear this vector , Buck : - [ Buck ] Wilma , don 't try to stop me : - What you 're doing will force : : : The Earth and Ruatha to go to war : You 're jeopardizing thousands and thousands of lives : If you were within my range , I 'd have to shoot you down myself : Clear out , please : Major Norris , you know me : And you know I 'm capable of destroying this entire escort if I have to : - [ Norris ] Colonel Deering ? - There 's too much at stake , Major : Open fire : Full pulsars : Wilma , listen to me : I know what I 'm doing : You 're sending us right into war : Wilma , you know me : Trust me : He 's hit : - I 'm gonna finish him : - No ! Cease fire : [ Norris ] With pleasure : - Buck , are you all right ? - Yeah , we are : But my starboard defense shield 's a mess : Nice shooting , Major Norris : Very funny , Captain : What is going on here ? I want that man executed : I suggest you do as he told you and prepare for boarding , sir : I 'll have you executed too ! I 'll have all seven of you executed : [ Buck ] Seven pulsar cannons say you should worry about that later : Don 't signal the mother ship for help : There 's no need : - All we 're gonna do is rap : - I beg your pardon : [ Theo ] Dr : Huer , I think you should pick up on subspace channel L-3 : Some very disturbing transmissions are coming in from Colonel Deering and Captain Rogers : Oh , she 's found them : Well , good : Where are they ? What are they doing ? [ Chirping ] Don 't ask : [ Theo ] Well , they were threatening to destroy the Ruathan negotiator shuttle : What ? But now it appears they 've simply boarded it : Boarded it ? Certainly , Doctor , you must be making some kind of mistake : [ Chirping ] Fat chance : [ Devronin ] What is the meaning of this ? Colonel Deering , you of all people should know : : : That this is tantamount to a declaration of war : Mr : Devronin , this is Captain Buck Rogers : He can explain everything : I hope : [ On Intercom ] Huer to Ruathan space shuttle : Come in , please : Patch him through , Karsh : Let 's get this over with : [ Devronin ] Dr : Huer , we read you : Buck ... What on earth is going on ? [ Buck ] Just a little impromptu negotiating : That 's all , Dr : Huer : [ Chirping ] Holy Toledo , Doc : Mr : Devronin , this is Ariela Dyne : She 's from Zantia : You remember Zantia ? It 's an insignificant little planet : : : Of insignificant humanoids in the Taurus solar system : [ Buck ] Two years ago , the Ruathans invaded Zantia , and in the process either killed or captured most of the male population : Again I ask you , so what ? I propose that all Zantian prisoners of war be returned home immediately : - In exchange for ? - Madrea : [ Buck ] The Earth is willing to relinquish all claim to that colony , provided that any Madreans who wish to do so will be allowed to leave : - [ Theo ] He 's insane : - [ Devronin ] Apparently Captain Rogers is determined : : : Buck : To cut the Earth off from its primary source ofbarbarite : Ariela , would you tell Wilma where I found this ? But he 's right : If anything were to happen to me , Is this what I think it is ? The Ruathans would go to war with you immediately : - I hope : - Zantia ? [ Theo ] Your point is well taken , but it is imperative that I consult with others : That 's a luxury your alleged friend is not affording us : - Buck , I implore you : - Uh , Dr : Theopolis , Dr : Huer , Buck knows what he 's doing : Trust him : Make mine a double , Twiki : [ Woman On P : A : ] Docking tubes 5 through 10 cleared for ... If the Ruathans had known that there was more barbarite on Zantia than there was on Madrea , they 'd never have agreed to your terms : And then they wouldn 't be releasing their prisoners of war : And the Madrean miners , they 're coming here in droves : Our male population is absolutely booming : I thought they 'd immigrate here : The last trip to Madrea , I noticed no one was too crazy about living there : [ Buck ] Besides , the scenery 's much nicer here : [ Woman On P : A : ] Attention : The Ruathan shuttle has docked : Please keep the area clear : Repeat : Please do not enter docking area two : Stay in the main concourse : What 's gonna happen to your mother ? Well , she 's been removed from office : She and Cassius Thorne and all the others will be tried by the new leadership : My mother legalized kidnapping : She made the buying and selling of men a way of life : Yet , you know , she honestly thought she was doing the right thing : Jayel ... [ Clamoring ] Well , ahem , I guess I 'll come back next week and say good-bye : I 'm sure they 'd appreciate that : Besides , you have a dinner date tonight : I do ? Oh , I do : Yes : Yeah : Tell me : Have I introduced you to the ancient delicacy known as sweetbreads ? Mm-mmm : Sounds good : What is it made out of ?
