 Here , why don 't you have a couple more of these ? You could use the tonnage : [ Laughs ] Oh , if only your tact matched your powers of observation : [ Mumbles ] No ... No offense intended , you know ? Mm-hmm : I just can 't stand these things : You know , I 'm really sorry that we 're headed back for Vega quadrant : Stopping off for fuel and supplies on Earth was a nice change of pace : Mmm : [ Woman On P : A : ] Now hear this : The ship has been ordered back to Earth orbit : Oh : All personnel , report to duty stations : Captain Rogers , report to the hangar deck at once : That is all : We just left Earth orbit 12 hours ago : Maybe you won 't have to face Vega quadrant after all : Yeah : [ Woman On P : A : ] Attention hangar deck : Prepare to receive Earth shuttle in one minute : What 's going on , Admiral ? Why are we headed back to Earth ? Frankly , I don 't know : We received orders to stand by to receive Commissioner Bergstrom of the AllianceJudiciary Council : Bergstrom ? The war crimes prosecutor ? That 's the one : I thought his job was investigating interplanetary aggression and war crimes on a galactic scale : Why is he coming aboard the Searcher ? Frankly , I don 't know : Any more than I know why he requested that you be on the hangar deck when he arrived : [ Woman On P : A : ] Earth shuttle has docked : [ Door Opens ] Prepare to receive Commissioner Bergstrom and his party : Commissioner Bergstrom : This is indeed a great honor : Although , I must admit , a somewhat puzzling one : To what do we owe the pleasure of this meeting ? I 'm afraid the meeting will not be pleasurable , Admiral : I 'm here on official business of utmost gravity : I see : Well , needless to say , I will do everything I can to assist you : - Captain Buck Rogers ? - Yes , Commissioner ? Under provisions of the Alliance War Crimes Act , you are hereby placed under close arrest : Captain ! Arrest ? What are the charges ? All in good time : You will escort the captain to the wardroom : Yes , sir : Commissioner , I have a right to know what the charges are : Very well , Captain : TheJudiciary Council of Earth has decreed that you , Buck Rogers , be placed under arrest for suspicion of high treason : [ Man Narrating ] In the year of 1987 , NASA launched the last of America 's deep space probes : Aboard this compact starship , a lone astronaut , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , was to experience cosmic forces beyond all comprehension : In a freak mishap , his life-support systems were frozen : : : By temperatures beyond imagination : Ranger 3 was blown out of its planned trajectory : : : Into an orbit 1,000 times more vast , an orbit which was to return Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : Commissioner , as commander of this ship , I insist upon being told what this is all about : I don 't believe that Captain Rogers could have possibly done anything : : : To warrant an investigation of treason : Everything will be made clear once the proceedings are underway , Admiral : Why don 't you take a seat ? [ Hawk ] I do not understand : [ Bergstrom ] Everyone please take their places : [ Asimov ] What you 've heard is correct , Hawk : I don 't understand it any more than you do : [ Bergstrom ] Bring in Captain Rogers : You 'll sit here , please , Captain Rogers : - General Arnheim , I believe we 're ready to proceed : - Very well , Commissioner : Under the provisions of Alliance law , this hearing is now convened : It is appropriate that this room affords us a view of the Earth : For it is the Earth which is the true plaintiff in today 's proceedings : I need hardly remind you of the Earth 's fragile beauty , of its tragic and terrible history : We all know that our planet has been scarred far too many times : : : By wars , famines and atrocities for me to have to recount them here : But without question , the most terrible of these tragedies : : : Was the nuclear holocaust of the late 20th century : : : Which reduced our beautiful planet to smoldering embers , laid waste to our gleaming cities and snuffed out the lives ofbillions , plunging our planet into a dark age : : : From which it has taken us centuries to emerge : If the Earth could speak , it would cry out : : : Against the sheer insanity of this wanton destruction , and it would demand that those responsible be identified and punished : But the instigators of Earth 's Armageddon : : : Perished along with their innocent victims : So the blame was never fiixed : The scales ofjustice were never balanced : But today , more than 500 years after that horrible bloodletting , we are able to bring to account at least one of those responsible : There ! There sits the man who , as much as anyone else , was responsible : : : For the nuclear holocaust which virtually destroyed the planet Earth ... Captain Buck Rogers ! That 's the most ridiculous accusation I 've ever heard ! [ Gavel Bangs ] - The defendant will return to his seat : - I demand to know the basis of your charges ! Where 's your evidence ? I will not repeat myself : Return to your seat : You will see the evidence , Captain , right now : This lead box was recently unearthed in some newly found ruins : : : In what had been , in the late 20th century , the headquarters : : : For the United States Air Force North American Air Command : These headquarters were located deep within a mountain : : : In what was then known as the Colorado Rockies : You 'll notice that the box is badly charred : This is the result of the intense heat that it underwent : : : When the headquarters were destroyed by the nuclear holocaust : But the contents of the box survived unscathed : It 's a videocassette : It was very common in the late 20th century , used to record images much as we do with laser holography today : If you will : [ Beeps ] [ People Murmuring ] - Jim Peterson : - Then you recognize this man , Captain Rogers ? He was my best friend : It 's November 22 , 1987 : I 'm MajorJim Peterson , United States Air Force : Our country has just undergone a devastating nuclear attack : All major cities destroyed : The U : S : Counterattacked , but radar tells us : : : That the final enemy salvo that will finish us off is only minutes away : As a member of Air Force Intelligence , I 've recently come into possession of top secret evidence ... a videotape ... that proves the attack was provoked : : : By the treasonous activities of certain fanatical U : S : Air Force officers : This film : : : Was taken secretly : : : By Air Force Intelligence : : : On January 8 , 1987 : The man who is about to speak : : : Is Lieutenant General Preston C : Myers , Vice Commander of the Tactical Air Command : Gentlemen , we 'll make this meeting a brief one , since I think we 're all in agreement : : : As to what needs to be done : Send Rogers in : Captain Rogers reporting as ordered , sir : - [ Myers ] Sit down , Captain : - [ Buck ] Yes , sir : By now you 've had time to think over the project we mentioned last week : Yes , sir : I have : Good : I don 't think I need to remind you that the present civilian administration : : : Has repeatedly backed down in the face of foreign provocations : It 's allowed the other side to gain a dangerous superiority in tactical nuclear weapons : I agree , sir : I 've given your plan a great deal of thought , General : I 'm convinced that a preemptive nuclear strike is the only way : : : We 'll ever eliminate the dangers that menace our country and our way of life : - [ Myers ] Then you 're with us ? - Yes , sir : [ People Murmuring ] There is one problem , however : A preemptive nuclear strike would require the simultaneous launching : : : Of every i : C : B : M : In our arsenal : That could not be ordered without having a master list : : : Of the top secret launch codes : Those codes are available only to the chief of staff and the president himself : Precisely , Captain , and that 's where you come in : We want you to obtain those codes for us , so we can launch our strike before the year is out : [ People Murmuring ] How about it ? Are you with us or not ? - All the way , sir : - Good : You 'll proceed at once : Anything you need for thejob will be placed at your disposal : Oh , uh , General Roberts tells me your main ambition : : : Is to fly the next deep space probe for NASA : That 's correct , sir : Well , once we have those codes , I think that could be arranged : [ Murmuring Continues ] Thank you , sir : Is there anything else ? That will be all , Captain : Colonel Turner will see you out : Thank you , General : I 'm ashamed to say that Buck Rogers : : : Was my closest friend until I saw this tape : And the fact that he was lost six months ago , while flying that NASA mission he wanted so badly , may have been God 's punishment for his treachery : I only regret that I grieve for him : As for the tape I 'm making now , after I sign off , I 'll : : : Place it in this box : My hope is that : : : Someday a survivor of this war : : : Or a descendent of a survivor : : : Will find it and learn what really happened ... that our world was blown to bits by traitors and madmen : [ Murmuring Continues ] These will be the last words I ever speak : Good-bye : And I pray that mankind : : : Somehow survives this insanity : It wasn 't that way , Jim : It couldn 't have been : General , we have seen incontrovertible proof : : : That Captain Buck Rogers conspired with others : : : To plan the nuclear holocaust which virtually destroyed the planet Earth : I move that this tape recording : : : Be grounds for formal indictment ofhigh treason : [ People Murmuring ] [ Wilma ] I don 't believe it : Motion granted : It can 't be true : [ Arnheim ] Captain Rogers , you stand charged with high treason : You will be permitted , of course , to offer testimony in your own defense , and defense counsel will be appointed if you wish it : However , I must warn you : If the charges against you are sustained , the law requires a mandatory sentence of death : [ Murmuring Continues ] We shall reconvene at 0900 tomorrow , at which time you may speak in your own defense : [ Gavel Bangs ] Buck ? Buck ! [ Buck ] Come in : Kind of dark in here , isn 't it ? Buck ... If you 're here for the standard pep talk , Wilma , forget it : There 's got to be a logical explanation for what we saw : Maybe it wasn 't you : Maybe it was someone impersonating you : Come on , Wilma : You know me better than anyone alive : You know it was me ! What I can 't figure out is how it could have been : I do not remember any of those things ever happening to me : I don 't remember even meeting those generals , much less being a coconspirator with them : You know something ? As much as this charge of treason hurts , something else hurts even more : What 's that ? The best friend I ever had : : : Died thinking I betrayed him and his country : [ Sighs ] Well ... Look at me : [ Chuckles ] All broken up over someone who 's been dead for over 500 years : [ Sighs ] - It 's crazy : - No , it 's not : Buck , I want you to know something : No matter what happens , no matter how this thing turns out , there 's no man I 've ever respected more : Thank you : Now , I am not going to let you : : : Walk into that hearing tomorrow and run up a white flag : We 're going to figure out why you don 't remember : : : What you saw on those tapes : And if we can do that , then maybe we can explain how those things happened : Terrific : You have any idea how you 're gonna do all that ? No : But Dr : Goodfellow might : He said he was gonna work on a hypothesis : Why don 't we go find out what he 's come up with ? Oh , yeah , why don 't we just take a run down to the lab : : : And talk to Dr : Goodfellow , right ? You 're forgetting that I 'm a prisoner here : I 'm the arch villain of the millennium : I can 't just go traipsing through the halls of this ship willy-nilly : Well , I talked to General Arnheim and the admiral , and they said you can go anywhere you like on this ship : : : As long as you 're accompanied by an officer : And guess what ? I 'm an officer : [ Buck ] Well , I wish I could share your optimism , Doctor , but : : : Not only do I not remember what was on those videotapes , but a lot of what I do remember is sketchy , to say the least : Well , that 's hardly surprising , my dear boy : It was only a few months later you were frozen : : : In your space capsule for 500 years : Your memory of events immediately preceding was undoubtedly affected : : : To a considerable degree : Yes , which makes it a bit difficult to account for my activities : You know , one thing that really bothers me , Doctor , is that , well , the fact that I could be guilty of what they 're accusing me of : - Buck , you can 't mean that : - I don 't know : I don 't know : I mean , I find it difficult to believe that I 'm guilty of treason : But , well , I was worried about the possibility of an attack on our country : Doctor , isn 't there something we can do to help Buck remember : : : What happened during that time ? Well , of course there is , my dear : The Optical Engram Imager : After all , it 's helped us on other occasions : : : When it 's been necessary to probe the recesses of someone 's mind : Why not in this instance ? I thought evidence obtained through an O : E : L : Was not admissible in court : [ Crichton ] Au contraire , Colonel : Recent amendments to the evidentiary code permit O : E : L : Testimony : : : To be admitted as evidence if the defendant in the case so chooses : Mmm : Well , you learn something new every day : I should certainly hope so , Captain : Why , Twiki , what brings you to my laboratory , eh ? Hello , Doctor : Hello , Wilma : I 've come to see Buck : This is for you , Buck : Well , thank you , Twiki : What is it ? A petition of support : Everyone on the ship signed it ... from the admiral right down to the gang in the engine room : Well , thank you , Twiki : This means a lot to me : We 're all behind you , Buck : We know you 're innocent : Let 's just hope the O : E : L : Proves that in court tomorrow : There we are then : I think that 's it : Is it comfortable for you , Buck ? That 's fine , Doctor : Good : Good : Switch it on : [ Muttering ] We 're ready to proceed , Mr : Commissioner : Thank you : [ Bergstrom ] Lights , please : According to the evidence that we saw yesterday , the treasonous activities that you are accused of : : : Were planned in January of 1987 : I want you to concentrate : Think back to that time : Show the court what you remember of that period : Uh , nothing : : : Out of the ordinary : - Everything seems pretty routine : - Concentrate , Captain ! We are interested only in those memories relevant to the charges : Mount Rushmore ? I don 't know why that flashed through my head : I 've never even been there : Come , you 'll have to do better than that , Captain : It was you who asked to testify through the O : E : L : So far , your memories haven 't touched on the case : : : Or even on anything that might prove your innocence : Wait a minute : Wait a minute : Something 's coming : Good morning , Colonel : Morning : You got the things I need ? Yeah : Here it is : It 's fully automatic , with an infrared flash : You can take pictures in total darkness if you have to : Undetected : Nothing but the best , huh ? Anything for a good cause : And this little gem : : : Gets you into the safe : It 's computerized , with a digital readout : You just twirl that combination knob and this baby does the rest : What 'll they think of next ? Have you figured out how to get into that crypto room yet ? I 'm working on it : I should be able to come up with something by next week : I 'm glad you 're with us : General Myers couldn 't have picked a better man : Good luck : Thank you , sir : - I don 't remember any of that : - You don 't remember meeting that colonel ? - Well , I ... I ... I think I knew him , but ... - You knew him : ! What I mean is , I seem to remember knowing him , but I don 't recall ever having a meeting like that : But isn 't it possible , if you knew him , that such a meeting might have taken place ? Yes , it 's possible : This farce has gone on long enough , General : Captain Rogers has convicted himself with his own memories : I demand that a verdict be rendered : I repeat , General : The prosecution demands that a verdict be rendered : Commissioner , I must remind you that the defendant has a right : : : To continue testifying if he so chooses : Captain , although you may continue if you wish , I hardly need to point out that your O : E : L : Testimony : : : Is hurting your case rather than helping it : - Do you want to proceed ? - Yes , Your Honor , I do , in the hopes that further testimony might help explain what we 've already seen : If nothing else , I owe it to my friends aboard this ship who believe in me : Very well , Captain : Proceed , Doctor : All right , Captain : Once again , I 'm going to ask you : : : To think about those weeks in January , allowing your mind to settle on images : : : Which somehow might relate to the matters at hand : Try to give us something relevant , Captain : No , nothing yet : Wait a minute : Wait a minute : I 'm getting something : I feel like I 've been walking guard duty all night : [ Man # 2 ] Relief should be here in 10 minutes : [ Man # 1 ] No kidding : - [ Alarm Wailing ] - What was it ? Sounded like a grenade ! Check the perimeter ! [ Alarm Continues ] [ Man On P : A : ] Code blue : Code blue : Security has been breached : Repeat ... Someone 's been inside the area : They blew up a jeep : Secure the perimeter : Yes , sir ! [ Man On P : A : ] Code blue procedure is now in effect : [ P : A : Continues , Indistinct ] All other personnel , report to alert stations : All other personnel , report to alert stations : This is not a drill : Automatic se ... Code blue : Code blue : [ Coughing ] Code blue : Security has been breached : [ Coughing ] All personnel , report to alert stations : [ Alarm Continues ] Automatic security measures now in effect : This is not a drill : Levels " A " through " Z , " initiate fire retardant procedures : I repeat , Levels " A " through " Z , " initiate fire retardant procedures : All fireproof doors are to be closed and exhaust fans deployed : All fireproof doors are to be closed and exhaust fans deployed : We are in a code blue situation : Repeat , this is a code blue situation : [ Coughing ] All personnel , report to alert stations : All personnel , report to ... Air police ! Open up ! [ P : A : Continues , Indistinct ] Are we under attack , sir ? Sir , this room is off limits : Can it , Sergeant : Everybody out : This building may go any second : I 'm sorry , sir : I have my orders : This code room cannot be left unattended : Sergeant , I have my orders as well : They are to evacuate this building before anyone is killed : Now , do I have to arrest you to accomplish that ? [ Sighs ] No , sir : Let 's go : [ P : A : Continues , Alarm Continues ] Move ! [ Man On P : A : ] All personnel will don protective masks as required : All personnel will don protective masks as required : Code blue : Code blue : Security has ... [ Ticking ] [ Door Opens ] [ Camera Shutter Clicking ] [ Clicking Continues ] We will recess for lunch : The hearing will be reconvened at 1400 hours : [ Gavel Bangs ] Doctor , I have absolutely no memory : : : Of any of those things ever happening to me : None of them ! Is it possible that that machine could be wrong ? I 'm sorry , Buck , truly sorry , but the possibility of the O : E : L : Being wrong is absolutely nil : All right : Thanks anyway , Doc : Good luck , my dear boy : Well , looks like it 's all true : - Apparently I am a traitor : - I still find that hard to believe : - As do I : - Yeah , well , I don 't know what I believe : Buck , I 'vejust spoken with General Arnheim : The judges feel that no further testimony is necessary : They intend to announce a verdict when we reconvene in an hour : Well , that 's it then : I 'm sorry , Buck , truly sorry : That 's all right , Admiral : I understand : Well , um , I guess I 'd better be getting back to the bridge : Buck , are you all right ? I don 't know : I just : : : Had a sharp image of : : : Mount Rushmore : It was like when I was hooked up on the O : E : L : , only : : : The image was so powerful that it ... it actually hurt : Buck : I just had it again : A sharp , clear image of Mount Rushmore : I don 't understand : Wait , wait , wait : These mental images of Mount Rushmore ... They must mean something : - But what ? - [ Hawk ] I do not know : They began when the O : E : L : Was probing Buck 's mind , displaying memories so suppressed , you did not even know they were in your brain : Hawk , you 've got a point : What if somehow , somewhere those images of Mount Rushmore tie in with the other images ? It could be the key to them all : The answer is obvious : You must go to Mount Rushmore : Your presence there could trigger a full recollection : : : Of what happened , of what the images mean : You can take Wilma with you as a witness to what you discover : Hawk , we 'd never get there : Once we left the ship , we 'd be pursued and caught in no time : Permit me : : : To take care of that : [ Buck ] So far so good , Wilma : There 's no sign of pursuit : [ Wilma ] For both our sakes , I hope Hawk 's theory is right : There 's a starfighter on our tail : It 's mine : [ Man On Radio ] Captain Rogers , I have orders to shoot you down : : : If you don 't return to the Searcher at once : [ Buck ] I 'll try to outrun him : He 's getting closer , Wilma : He 's zeroing in : [ Beeping ] Starfighter , this is Hawk : Release your controls , or I 'll rip your ship apart : - Controls released : - Hawk , what took you so long ? - We almost had our tickets punched : - I had to deal with some marines : : : Who seemed to object to my taking off : I will take this one to a safe landing spot and release him : I do not think he will trouble you further : Buck , good luck : [ Buck On Radio ] Thank you , Hawk : Mount Rushmore , here we come : World 's greatest sculpture began in 1928 : It 's quite a sight , isn 't it ? Yeah : I also read that , except for the pyramids of ancient Egypt : : : And the Aztec ruins in Mexico , it 's the only man-made thing still standing since the holocaust : Hello there : Can I help you folks ? Crawford 's the name : I 'm the caretaker here : Well , Mr : Crawford , we 'd like to take a look around the mountain : Would you , really ? Not many folks come up here this time of the year : I suppose you wanna see the president 's bunker : The president 's bunker ? Well , most folks haven 't heard about it : Back in 1986 , the president of the United States : : : Decided he needed a special bombproof headquarters : : : In case a nuclear war broke out : So he had a special chamber built right inside Mount Rushmore , directly below the sculptures of the other presidents : Mr : Crawford , I 'd really like to see that chamber : Fine by me , friend : I 'll tell you how to get to it : I trusted you , Admiral Asimov : This lapse of security is utterly inexcusable : Need I remind you , sir , you are aboard my ship : If you had put an armed guard on Rogers from the beginning , when I asked you to , he would never have been able to leave this ship ! As it stands , not only he and Colonel Deering are gone , but also , your man , Hawk , knocked two of my men unconscious ! I don 't condone what happened any more than you do , Commissioner , but I 'm certain we 'll hear from them shortly with an explanation : It 's a little too late for explanations : In addition to your fighter that I sent out after them , I 've notified all major Earth installations : : : To start a search , both air and ground : They have orders to fire first and ask questions later : The place sure is gloomy in here : Well , that would explain what Crawford said about only coming here : : : From time to time to meet with his military advisors : It 's ironic to think that when the holocaust hit , he never had a chance to get here : This is amazing : - Buck , what is it ? - I don 't know , Wilma : I have the strangest feeling : : : That I 've been here before : But you said you never visited Mount Rushmore : I know : I know : I can 't explain it : It 's just that ... Buck , are you all right ? - What is it ? - Wilma , I have been here before : Don 't either of you move : Captain Rogers , your unauthorized absence has seriously damaged : : : Your standing in the eyes of the court : Moreover , you have jeopardized two of your colleagues , who will undoubtedly be charged with aiding and abetting your escape : You now claim that some ... some : : : Hallucination you had : : : While on Earth is relevant to this case : : : And that you should be permitted another opportunity : : : To be tested through the O : E : L : Well , frankly , after having seen the testimony you 've already given , I should think you would have had quite enough of the O : E : L : Your Honor , I don 't know if further testimony will help to clear me : : : Or only serve to incriminate me further , but I 'm convinced that what I experienced down at Mount Rushmore : : : Was a fragment of a deeply repressed memory : I have got to find out what that memory is , no matter how it affects the outcome of my case : General , this request is highly irregular : I move that it be denied : Captain , in view of the seriousness of the charges against you : : : And the fact that they carry a mandatory sentence of death , I will permit you to testify one last time : Thank you , Your Honor : You may proceed , Doctor : Your Honor , I 'm not sure what period I should be concentrating on , so I 'd like to go back a little further than we did before ... to the latter part of 1986 , just before the meeting in General Myers 's office : Very well : Captain , I 'm sure you appreciate how serious a threat our country faces : Yes , sir , I do : The security of the entire nation : : : Rests on whether or not your plan succeeds : Precisely : That 's why it 's so important : : : That you fully understand the dangers involved : Think over our proposal : We 're not holding you to any commitment : : : Until you 've had some more time to consider it : We 'll talk again in a few days : Very well , sir : General , what we 've just witnessed is clearly the initial meeting : : : When Captain Rogers was being recruited into the conspiracy : Your Honor , please , allow me to continue : Let me go back a little further , before the conversation wejust saw : Captain Rogers is just stalling for time : - You may proceed , Captain : - Thank you , General : Come in , Captain : Come in : Don 't be bashful : Very pleased to meet you , Captain Rogers : Your superiors have had nothing but good things to say about you : It 's a pleasure meeting you , Mr : President : Sit down : I know you 're wondering why you 've been summoned here : I 'm not gonna keep you on pins and needles : I 'm gonna come directly to the point : Less than a week ago , Air Force Intelligence learned of a plan , or I : : : Should say a conspiracy : : : On the part of several high-ranking air force officers : : : To take control of our country 's I : C : B : M : S : As near as we can learn , they intend to launch : : : A first strike against the other side : I see : Needless to say , we 've got to learn : : : As much as possible about their plan and as quickly as we can : The best way to accomplish that is to have someone working on the inside , pretending to be one of them : The senior staff has considered several qualified officers for the job , but your name was at the top of the list : - Well , I 'll do whatever needs to be done , Mr : President : - That 's the answer we expected , Captain : There is one problem though , Mr : President : What ? I don 't know how convincing I 'm gonna be as a fanatical coconspirator : We 've already addressed ourselves to that problem , Captain : General Orr , will you fill Captain Rogers in on the details ? Yes , Mr : President : In order to assure the realism of your performance , you 'll be placed under a form of extremely deep hypnosis , during which time you 'll be programmed , so to speak , to play the part of a conspirator : Everything you think , do and say will be utterly convincing : Not only to the people around you , but to yourself as well : Are you telling me that my personality will be completely transformed ? Only for a temporary period : When the operation has ended , you 'll be brought out of the hypnosis , and you 'll not remember anything of the operation or of your part in it : That is for your own protection as well as for security reasons : We don 't want the public becoming aware of this plot : : : Since it might trigger panic and hysteria : I understand that , sir : What will I remember of that period ? You will be given a set of ordinary , routine memories : : : Through hypnotic suggestion : [ President ] You must understand , Captain , that you 've got to stay with the group : : : Until we 're absolutely certain we 've identified everyone involved : Air Force Intelligence will monitor you every step of the way , filming your clandestine meetings : No worry about support : You 'll be backed up all the way : Well , I haven 't given you much of a Christmas present , Captain : But in a month or two , we 'll have this thing cracked , and then we 'll be able to start the new year : : : With a serious threat to world peace neutralized once and for all : Thank you , Mr : President : General : [ People Murmuring ] Commissioner , it would appear that we have come dangerously close : : : To presiding over a terrible miscarriage of justice : Bravo , Buck , my boy : Bravo ! [ Twiki ] Nice going , Buck : [ Laughs ] Congratulations , Buck : Congratulations : Thank you : Thank you : Captain Rogers : I certainly would understand if you choose not to take my hand : But whether you do or do not , you have my deepest apologies : : : And sincerest congratulations : Fusion reactors are at full power , Admiral : And we 're on course for Vega quadrant : Excellent : Go to plasma drive : Yes , sir : Buck , I thought you were getting some rest : I 'm still a little too wound up to sleep , Admiral : I see we 're leaving the solar system : Yes , we moved out of radio range almost two hours ago : Oh : You know , it 's a shame : I guess we never will know how the holocaust started : At least we know how it didn 't start : I always knew you were innocent , Buck : - Oh , yeah ? How 's that ? - Robotic intuition : Robotic intuition ? What in the devil is that ? Well , it 's sort of like feminine intuition , only more mechanical : Oh : You 've been hanging around Crichton too long , Twiki :
