 This is a story without formality from another world Please join this dreamily travel Louis Malle Director : Louis Malle Excuse me Not me My pearl jewellery That is false Yes . Her appearance ? Brown hair whole body is very dirty seems never washed Eyes are blue The clothes are green I Think she is really a fool Very silly young lady The nose is very ordinary The chin is very small too The lip is small and soft The foot is still similar The chest ? Do you say very big ? A hand of mine can be hold Don 't ! Really a disagreeable person She has a unrestrained imagination Pay attention to various kinds of sounds The sound just now was really Sound of the machine-gun It is believed that here is the battle field So all right ? I also thought just now I touched the only horn beast It seems to be an animal not existing and making people sick There is not then anything definitely Life is all unexpected everywhere In any case Do not let those beasts stay here She died Do not you know she died ? I am Lili Is your name the same " Lili " ? Can not be the same Who it is Sorry your elder sister is Lili Your mother Had already died It is not my fault I want to go out too Open the door quickly You have misunderstood me I wanna get out of here I Wanna go out right now ! Help me ! It is really undue You are all crazy Love Write in your deep heart on the face of my Keep away from those silk floss The universe will never disappear The last unreal image Bring you into the world of witchcraft That fluid stars Staring at my heart The clear desire waked me up Night began in my mind Meet with the queen at night All wishful thinking in the daytime , all disappeared Memory candle light 's waving The sun dropped , the night 's coming Has a promise with love No unease , no insomnia The lip left was not breathed Die ... Then wakes up in the death What happened here What 's be captured ? Those hobbyhorses were caught by died peoples ? Where is Ellenna ? How do you do Here is the wireless communication The little girl is The shorts fall down a lot times Now want to eat the cheese In any case , That is cheese . I am paying attention to her Certainly other people are the same too Go right now ! Maybe can get a good price It doesn 't matter Wait a moment at first Very disagreeable In fact because the strong curiosity Always do some things making people awkward Can not stand anymore What is this Really very annoying Have already driven people up a wall Too annoying Do you have doubt ? Say it Say everything Can 't ! Don 't be close to the window , very dangerous Really a lunatic smelled all kinds of things Can 't go out The door is not opened What 's the only horn beast ? Have you seen ? Have you seen only horn beasts ? What 's the only horn beast ? Answer me quickly What are you saying ? You are really annoying enough Whats means ? It 's very troublesome that chased by others What 's the matter I do not have bad temper I see you are chased by those children Begin from those Shut up quickly Is it good that throw stones to the tree and destroy those flowers without fruit ? You are eating flowers Change a topic I do not want to quarrel with you I Only wanna see if the only horn beast is very thin Francis Bacon has said : The beauty is unbalanced . The old woman in bedroom is still hating you Is that strange woman speaking through the radio telephone ? She is not exist , don 't notice her I have met and spoken with her Have seen she dies too . It is the same Tell you a little more about that old woman It 's really a unintelligible family It was not like this in the past Very annoying , seems I get back to a lot of years ago again Waiting a moment , I have words to tell you Hafuli Hafuli What happened What happened Who is Hafuli ? Hafuli It is a mouse Yes , it is a mouse . Did you abuse it ? Yes . It 's so obstinate Though I understand it very much But it Though together But can not see it again Begin from that mouse while coming A lot of things have happened The grandfather The sound of universe breathing passes to the grandfather Do not know again This is the end I am hungry Wait a moment No Though there is little milk We are friends Hello Do you hear my voice ? Hello Do you hear my voice ? Please answer Answer quickly ! Wait a moment
