 Paul , Sandra , I 'm turning in . Lucky you . Four hours , 52 minutes and 20 seconds . Congratulations . I thought no one would break the five-hour barrier . - It 's time we had a new puzzle . - Time we had a new world . - Keep your eyes peeled . ' Night . - Good night . Paul ? Paul ! Paul ! What the hell is that ? - What 's happening here ? - I don 't know . It 's either a joke or something interesting . - It 's coming in on every channel . - Track it , Paul . - Did you see anything ? - No , but someone is trying to talk to us . Commander , it 's coming from somewhere along coordinate line 397 . Kano , see what Computer makes of it . Alan , Eagle crew on standby . Yes , sir . Wayland and Costo ready to go . Have them fly along 397 and see what they can see . Wayland and Costo , you 're on Eagle 1 . Move it . Sandra , keep the scanners on the Eagle . Helena , monitor the life signs , lt 's our only contact with them . Well , it 's certainly eager to talk . I 'd like to know what Wayland says . It 's not gonna let us get a word in edgeways . Well , let 's hope it has a pretty face . 'Eagle 1 to Main Mission . Commander , it 's ... ' lt 's like a giant space anemone . It 's pulsating ! ' I 've never seen anything like it before . ' Computer must be getting something from Eagle 1 . We 're getting continuous data from their instruments . - Well ? There 's no analysis yet . - Eagle 1 ! - Commander , it 's incredible ! Outside temperature 's increasing . There are strange shapes forming all around us . 'Commander , I ... ' Boost to interstellar strength . Wayland , pull away ! Pull away ! Do you hear me ? Boost scanners . All transmission from onboard computer has ceased . - John , their life signs have disappeared . - Commander . Go , Alan . Kelly , Rescue Eagle to Pad Three . L 'll meet you on board . Sandra , keep searching for them with long-range scanner . It could just be a fault on Wayland 's ship . They 've stopped trying to talk to us and one of our Eagles 's disappeared . I don 't like it . What the hell was that ? Meteorite ! - Activate screens . - Activated . It 's got through ! Meteorite strike ! Section six , red alert ! Thank you . Fortunately , no casualties . Just impact damage . What puzzles me is where it 's from . - And how it got through our screens - They 're setting it up for analysis - Paul ? - Nothing . They 've just disappeared . No radar trace , no radio signals . It 's as if Wayland 's Eagle vaporised . Computer estimates the meteorite came from between references 350 and 400 The last reported reference point for Eagle 1 was 397 . It 's just possible that Eagle 1 was hit by that meteorite . Alan , it 's possible the meteor may have collided with Eagle 1 . Is there any sign of wreckage ? 'I can 't tell , I 'm picking up electrical disturbance . ' Then let 's check it out visually . Have Kelly take a space walk . - ' Right . ' - L 'll be in Technical . - What do you suppose that is out there ? - I have no idea and I wouldn 't wait around long enough to find out . - Just look for Eagle 1 , OK ? - Sure . - Good luck . - You bet . - ' Depressurisation complete , Kel . ' - Right , Alan . OK , Kelly . Go ! Well , John , it may not look like much , but it 's very dense and it 's very heavy . We had to turn the gravity control right down to get it in here . - How dense ? How heavy ? - Computer 's finding out now . Any surface marks ? Any indication it may have hit Eagle 1 ? - Huh ? - It 's possible . I 've got some early findings on this stuff . It 's a piece of the coating from the surface of this meteorite . - It 's organic . - Alive ? - Definitely . It 's nothing we 'd recognise ... - John . Here it is . Weight , 328 tons . Constituent elements , titanium , stainless steel , aluminium , glass , carbon fibres , plastics , nuclear fuel cells ... and a small amount of human tissue . Human tissue ? We 've found Eagle 1 . - Lee , recall Carter immediately . - ' But sir , Kelly 's out in space . ' Get him back immediately ! Kelly , abort . We 've been recalled . Kel , do you read me ? Kel ? Are you receiving ? Kelly , signal if I 'm getting through to you . - Main Mission , Eagle 4 here . - Receiving you , Eagle 4 . Paul , check our communication line . I 'm getting no response from Kelly . - ' No fault registering , Alan . ' - Kelly 's in trouble . L 'll get him . Stop him . - Alan , get away from that area . Right now . - Commander ? - Get away from there , now ! - You can 't expect me to leave Kelly . Kelly ? Kelly , can you hear me ? Kelly , I 'm not receiving you . Kelly , are you receiving me ? Kelly ? Hey , Kel . Hey , come on , buddy . Right , gotcha . Let 's get you back to the Eagle . Those brain patterns are fantastic for a man who 's totally anaesthetised . His brain activity 's phenomenal . But his breathing is normal . His heart and lungs have adjusted to what 's going on inside his brain . But what IS going on inside it ? Well , he 's suffering this non-stop flow of impulses and ideas , because that part of the cerebellum which controls his will is failing . My hope is to stimulate the cerebellum and restore balance . Now , if we don 't achieve that , very soon , he 'll burn himself up . - Melita . - Where is he ? What has happened ? - They 're going to operate . - What 's wrong , Commander ? Look , Melita . Your husband 's OK . He 's in good hands . His heart and lungs are fine . When there 's news , we 'll tell you . Try not to worry . - How can I ? - This isn 't the best place , is it ? - Nurse , take Melita to her quarters - Commander , I want to stay . I know , but you can 't . Please . John ... Mathematical formulae . That monitor only gives electronic indications of brain activity . Those are computer traces . They 're certainly not brain patterns Kano , what 's with Computer ? - ' I can 't understand it ... ' - Just tell me . 'I 've checked everything . 'Computer is sending data into Kelly 's brain . ' - To his brain ? - ' Lnto him . 'And through him , it 's being beamed towards orbital reference 397 . ' 397 ... That 's the point where Kelly was affected and Eagle 1 was crushed . Kano , shut down transmitters immediately and analyse all data that 's already gone out . Victor , whoever was trying to talk to us before Eagle 1 was crushed is now using Kelly as a link to Computer , and is sending information out into space through Kelly . It 's trying to communicate again . 'The process is now reversed . Computer is now receiving data . 'Lt 's coming from the same area and reaching Computer via Kelly 's brain . ' Kano , let 's shut him off . Analyse all incoming and outgoing data . Whoever was trying to talk to us is now talking to Computer . Maybe he couldn 't get through to us and needed Kelly as an interpreter . Yeah , but whatever it 's doing , it might be reprogramming Computer against us . - Increase anaesthesia two points . - Two points . He 's still feeling pain . He could die of shock . L 'll induce neuronic concussion . What 's happening ? You must not touch my brain ! Bob , no ! Let him go . Follow him . Let me know where he goes but don 't restrain him . - Helena , you all right ? - I 'm all right . - John , we can 't just let him go . - Whatever it wants , it 's using Kelly . So let 's let Kelly lead us to it . Commander , Kelly 's in the computer room . 'Good . Get Kano there . But don 't go in until I arrive . ' Right . OK , I want to try to talk to him . If he gets violent , we 'll stun him . - What 's the update ? - He 's so fast I can 't get any details . You two come with me . Kelly ? Kelly ? Kelly , I want to talk to you . Who are you transmitting to ? Who 's talking to Alpha ? Look , answer me , damn it ! No ! No ! Let 's see where he goes . His neuronic concussion , the effect should be immediate . He 's building a resistance to it . Help me . Help me ! My darling ... I 've got to do it . I 've got to ... And they won 't let me ! - What is it , tell me ? - I 've got to ! You must make them understand . Make them understand ! Whatever that is out there , it 's crushed Eagle 1 , it 's done something to Kelly and taken over Computer . We 'll be where Eagle 1 disappeared in four to six hours . Which is how long we have to act . We 're back to trying to drive this moon the way we want it to go . Only two schemes for that : Shock waves and anti-gravity screens Both reduce gravitational pull from another planet . This is neither a sun , star or planet we 're dealing with . From the data we have , Computer says that the energy field has no mass . Sir , we can 't change course . What next ? Well , we know it 's organic and intelligent . So if we load an Eagle with nuclear charges and aim it at the centre , we might just be able to weaken it a little , enough to reduce its crushing effect and get through . I 'd better get started on that right away , Commander . All right , Alan , do it . Helena , we need all the information we can get from Kelly . - He 's on life support . - I know . Victor , try to find exactly what Computer 's transmitting . - John , about Kelly 's condition ... - Helena , we 've got to try it . Alan , how 's it going ? All the charges are fused , checked and ready to go . The best calculation we can get without asking Computer is that all on-board systems should be blown at 18 : 45 . Destruct mechanism set for 18 : 45 . By then the ship should be locked on target , nothing can divert it . Well , I feel a lot happier now we 've done something . All right , Paul , lift her off . Its gonna get one hell of a headache when it squeezes that little bundle I don 't like a pre-emptive strike against an enemy I don 't understand . They crushed Eagle 1 to a pulp , Commander . I don 't doubt they 'll do the same to us if they can . 'John , can you come to Technical section right away ? ' - Foam . - Yeah , that 's what it looks like . It 's also what the pilot saw . Where did it come from ? Lt 's the same material we found encrusted onto Eagle 1 . Except it 's reverting back to its original form . Looks harmless enough . Looks , yes . But it 's highly unstable . We don 't know why , but its chemical structure changes . It gains incredible weight and density . Are you saying this foam crushed Eagle 1 ? In a sufficient quantity , John , this ... foam , as you call it , could crush anything . What did he say to Melita ? He was trying to get something out . There was something he had to do . He asked her to make them understand " Them " meaning us . We won 't find out what he had to do unless he can tell us . He 's weakening fast . An orthodox diagnosis now , a decline due to brain damage . Strange , isn 't it ? That decline began as soon as Computer was shut down . And that 's when the hyperactivity in his brain stopped . You mean he was dependent on Computer ? John , something interesting here . Kelly transmitted an astonishing amount of information . Chances are I 'm on the wrong track . It 's some track . Go ahead . A lot of data is physical information about the moon itself . - Weight , density , dimensions . - Trajectory ? Lt 's got information about the gravitational pull , about every change of course since we left Earth 's orbit ! Wait a minute . Wait a minute . I think it 's trying to find out if we can change course now . Right . 'John , if we 're going to save Kelly , we must restart Computer . ' And leave Alpha wide open . Whatever that thing is , maybe , just maybe , it 's trying to help us . Help us to avoid a collision that 'll destroy Alpha . We 've got to find some way to make contact . Well , contact 's already been made , through Kelly . That 's it . Of course , through Kelly ! - Symbiosis ! - ' John if you want me to link your mind to his so you can read his thoughts ... No , the results could be catastrophic . ' Lf our moon hits that force field , it 'll be a catastrophe for all of us ! How long before that remote-controlled Eagle detonates ? One hour 35 , Commander . Kano , restart Computer . We don 't have too much time . Symbiosis . I don 't think you should be doing this , John . I know what I 'm doing . I 've experienced it myself during advanced psychoanalysis . That was under very different conditions . To link you and Kelly ... Kelly 's mind is connected in some way to this ... thing . We can 't be sure yours won 't be affected in the same way . We 've got to do it , Victor . We 'll be monitoring physical signs . If there are any changes , we 'll stop All right , let 's get on with it . Connected here . Connected here . It 's a living organism . Like a brain ... Pulsating with life ... and light . It 's the centre of our whole galaxy . Maybe even hundreds of galaxies ... planets ... stars ... strange life forms ... And in the middle of it all ... is this brain . Are you all right , John ? Yeah , I 'm all right . I think it worked . I think it worked . Hurtling towards that brain is our moon . Now , the Eagle was just a fragment , so the brain surrounded it with antibodies and rejected it . But our moon is a million times bigger than that Eagle . That 's right . But the brain is a million times bigger than the moon . Make no mistake , John . It would crush us in the same way that it crushed Wayland 's Eagle . Commander ? Lt is trying to help us . It 's working with Computer . We must go to Main Mission . Give these to Kelly . - It 's possible . - What 's possible ? We can divert the moon away from the brain . The plan is to increase the moon 's rate of spin , by providing a series of forces at tangents to its axis . This will give the moon an eccentric rotation and cause it to curve away from the centre of the brain . We haven 't much time . Computer has plotted the points at which the series of charges must be . It is trying to save us . Paul , if we 're going to carry out that brain 's instructions , we 'll need every nuclear charge we 've got . So bring that nuclear Eagle back to Alpha . Remote-controlled Eagle now heading back for Alpha . Good . What 's its position ? Approximately ... halfway between the moon and the brain . Which means those charges will explode the moment it arrives here . Paul , reprogram the on-board computer and cancel the detonation . We 're gonna have to act fast . Alan , I want every single man standing by . As soon as the ship lands , place the charges on the surface as per the brain 's instructions . Victor , oversee the operation . Sandra ... Kelly . Kelly ! Kelly ... - A fault on the on-board computer . - What kind of trouble ? Everything 's dead . It 's locked on a course for Moon Base Alpha , where it will explode . An accident ? Or is the brain intentionally going to destroy us ? No , Victor , I don 't think it is intentional . Paul get the fastest Eagle we 've got ready for immediate lift-off . Clearing out , Paul . Check course and closing speed . - Kelly is there anything you can do ? - We 'll get him to intensive care . - Paul , I 'm docking now . - Running out of time , good luck . Three minutes to detonation . Docking complete . I 'm going to defuse the nuclear charges now . Nuclear charges defused . I 'm trying to alter the course of the Eagle so that it misses Alpha . I can 't divert it ! I 've got no control ! I can 't hold it ! I 've gotta let it go ! Stand by strike . Strike at Pad Four . Victor , we 've just lost our nuclear charges . Alpha 's headed for that brain . There 's nothing we can do . 'We could increase the atmospheric pressure inside Alpha . ' You mean to counteract the crushing forces ? - Would it work ? - ' lt 's a long shot , but it might give us a chance , yes . ' OK , Victor . I buy it . Set it up . 'I already have . ' - Well done , John . - Good to see you . What 's the situation ? Pressure sensors ready for testing . - Readings ? - Sections A , B and C normal . - Section D coming through now . - D ready for testing . - D checked and functional . Attention all Alpha personnel . This is Commander John Koenig . We are about to enter the area of the space brain . As a result , we are faced with a grave crisis . I want you all to know that we will do everything in our power to prevent the destruction of Alpha . Please remain calm . We cannot predict the final outcome . But with luck and the measures we are taking , it is my belief that we will survive . Good luck to you all . John , if we increase pressure too quickly , people will be in trouble . Right . We 'll do it gradually . Paul , raise pressure two points now and distribute pressure suits . External pressure reading up two points in Section B. Raise internal pressure , Paul . Attention ! All surface sections close down ! Total evacuation . Emergency services only in 1 minute . Seal bulkheads in two minutes . All right , go . 'Dr Russell , I need help . ' Don 't go ! Helena ! Sensors indicate a burst on Launch Pad Four . - No one in there ? - It 's all clear . Seal it off . We can 't evacuate . If we disconnect him , he 'll die . Switch to emergency services . - Bulkheads sealed . - ' John , we must have power . ' Damn it ! Get out of there . Keep it moving , down to the shelters Hurry up , not much more time . Bob , get out of here , come on . Helena , out , out ! John , we can 't leave Kelly ! Victor , it 's burst through Medical . Pressure holding . When I 'm clear , seal the bulkheads . - ' There are still men coming . ' - Re-route them . Section D , anyone there ? Come on ! Come on ! Get down there . Go ahead . Come on , this way ! Come on ! Sandra , work up there on panel four . Section C under severe stress . - Eagle maintenance areas flooded . - Transfer readout . - Atmospheric pressure ? - Easing . - How 's the pressure now ? - No increase . - Good . The computer ? - Linked through here . Hold out as long as you can . All right , visors down . Victor , shut down main computer ! Shut down these controls , switch down the other system ! Helena , get upstairs on the balcony , quickly ! You too , Sandra . It 's stopped . John , it 's stopped ! I think we 've come through . It 's a miracle we 're alive , John . Tore through it like a bullet . Complex as the human brain . And just as vulnerable . Helena , don 't make it hard on yourself . John , I deserted Kelly . I just keep thinking that maybe we could have saved him . Helena , you can 't assume the responsibility for Kelly 's death , no more than we can assume it for the death of that cosmic intelligence . Now , yes , we 've lost Kelly . But think of those worlds out there that depended on that brain . Think what they 've lost . If only ... we could have communicated .
