 Check our coordinates to Base Orion . Compare figures with signal direction . Angle alpha 37 . Angle alpha 12 , velocity 600 miles per second . Signals in direction course . Power signals constant . Exact coordinates signal , exact direction . Course confirmed . What is it ? Meela , check the desks at the stellar explosion . Oko , check the computer . There is no constellation in visual distance . No stellar explosion . Ask the new coordinates to escape the race of that explosion . Information requested on explosion is non-existent . No change of course necessary . There 's something wrong with it . It 's the end . Hurray ! That 's wonderful ! That was a refraction of a cosmic explosion occurring 10 million years ago . Repeat . All directions constant . Miller ? Repeat . Cannot hear you . Cannot hear you . There 's no doubt about it , and that punch of his proves it . In the report , I charge Captain Hamilton with insubordination . So you think the facts have been altered ? I 've never received an order from Miller . I 've never even seen a report from Miller . All I 've ever seen is a bunch of notes from an electronic hunk of metal . Now I 'm not in the habit of taking orders from a machine . It was an insult , sir . And he deserved it . But he is talking about the greatest brain ever made by man . Exactly , by man . The case now is in my jurisdiction . You should have contacted Hamilton personally . Perhaps a conference with Captain Hamilton would have been the proper procedure . It might have prevented this embarrassing situation . As for Hamilton , I assure you he will be justly disciplined . But if this incident became public , it could discredit Orion . Captain Hamilton certainly will be disciplined . You can go now , Miller . - Commander , I 'm sorry- - - Silence . You 're a barbarian , a savage . They warned me when they transferred you under my orders . The warning wasn 't necessary . Your arrogance was well-known in advance . We knew all about it . Continue , Captain , and in just one month 's time , I 'll transfer you to the quartermaster service . Not a rosy prospect , Commander . I should consult Wiz for what happened . So that he would give ... 'Eliminate dangerous personnel ' . I won 't consult Wiz . I 'm putting you in command of the spaceship , leaving for the Vega sector . Well , Mac . Now that I 'm goin ' outside , I 'll try to find a good bottle of whiskey for you . Good idea , as long as it 's Scotch . - No problem . - There ya are . This is the airlock chamber to bridge . Segura 's ready for instrument test . All set . Because here in space , because here in space , we have boulders . Head to decompression chamber . Maximum duration , ten seconds . Repeat . Ten seconds . Clear the area . It 's an old satellite for the interception of Gamma rays . It 's practically a monument . You know that thing must be a hundred years old . Telecameras 3 and 4 working . Activate radio contact with the outside . Why in the hell did you send only one man out there ? Well ... I thought , Captain , I- - Come in , Peter . Peter , can you hear me ? Very well , Captain . It 's too hazardous to work alone . Reenter the ship immediately . We 'll prepare another crewmember to go with you . The orders are that outside , we work in pairs . Don 't worry , Captain . I 'll be extremely careful . Captain , look at screen number 2 . Stop it , Segura . That 's an order ! If that battery breaks , the acid will destroy your spacesuit . I know what I 'm doing , Captain . It 'll only take a few seconds . I 've located it . I 've got the breaker in already . He could die out there . - He 's liable to be- - - It won 't take long at all , Captain . I 've got to screw these in . It won 't take a moment . Peter ! You 're a ... You 're a damn fool . The acid ! The acid 's eating through my suit ! You 've got plenty of time to get back to the ship . Use the directional . And above all , stay calm . You 've got three minutes before the suit will corrode . You have two and a half minutes . Help ! The directional isn 't responding ! Help me ! Hold on , Peter . Captain Hamilton is suiting up . He 's going out to get you . Can you hear me ? Help me ! Help me ! You 've got one minute and thirty seconds , Captain , before that acid eats through his suit . - Captain , get this suit clothes off me- - - Take it easy . It 's filling up . They 're too far away . At that speed , they won 't make it . Look , Meela . What 's going on ? What are they stopping for ? It 's too late now , Meela . Segura 's a dead man . Dr. Rife report to the dispensary . Stand by with the regenerator . Oko , are you sure this spaceship 's in the orbit of the satellite 's passage ? Not I , but he seems very sure . Here it is ! The satellite has entered our screen . Give me the data . Wait a minute . I 'm recording . Distance : 180 thousand miles . Speed : 73 thousand miles per second . Angle of trajectory : alpha 24 degrees . End of the data . Object identified as the satellite data . Satellite is completely safe . No intervention necessary . Proceed on present speed and trajectory . Satellite information now programmed . Distance : 180 thousand miles ... We 're lucky . We don 't have to stop until- - What do you think of Captain Hamilton ? Don 't you think he 's a fascinating man ? - What the hell ? - What does it mean ? Seems almost a message , coming from space ! Paté de foie gras ! It seems hard to believe , but in only twenty more hours , we ´ ll be on our way back to home base . Your move . Bravo , Marseille . All he thinks about is vacation . Captain ... Our computer is picking up a strange signal . Here , sir . You better take a look at it . Thanks . It 's impossible ! The computer 's gotta be wrong . - You understand , Colonel ? - Yes , sir . - Then you will begin investigation immediately . - Will be done , sir . You know we can 't allow this to continue . - I will inform you . - Report to me as soon as you have anything . Those damn signals ... Those damn signals are damaging Earth 's radio and video systems . I 'm receiving solicitations from all over the world . Washington and Moscow have already called me three times . Well , Colonel Altman , it 's lucky for us that you 're here . Yes , sir . Let 's get down to facts . What disposition has Wiz given ? Wiz affirms that behind this strange signal there 's an alien intelligence that knows all . And there 's danger . Wiz orders us to find the emission source and destroy it . Good . Send an airship at once . You hear that ? More of those signals . - They certainly sound strange . - That 's impossible ! Oh , come on , come on ! Relax . I agree that those are not normal signals , but I also think that the computer isn 't functioning right . That 's all . So stay calm . I really think that that computer in there ... it 's just got to be drunk . These strange signals could be radioactivity meeting the cosmic belt . And if these signals are really being sent , and are not cosmic radiation ... I figure that they 'll be strong enough to reach the ground and I 'll bet that they 're being heard on every radio telescope on the entire Earth . Your move . What 's the nearest spaceship to the emission source of the signals ? It 's the MK-31 , Commander . MK-31 . Who 's the MK-31 Commander ? - Captain Hamilton . - Hamilton ? Fred Hamilton , the one on the Sirius expedition ? The Mars incident ? Intolerant of any kind of discipline . He should 've been rejected . Captain Hamilton is a good commander . It 's true that he has quite the temper and that he takes a little too much personal initiative . But I 'm convinced that while these aspects are negative on Earth they 're very useful to a Commander-in-chief of such a very important expedition . The MK-31 will have to move beyond known space . And Captain Hamilton is the most suitable man to do it . With your permission ... I don 't feel Hamilton is right for the situation . Hamilton is to be discarded . Let me go , Commander . Stop this rambling . Wiz will decide . Captain Hamilton will go and do what he 'll be ordered to do . No . I haven 't the right crew to undertake such a dangerous journey . We 've just completed a mission lasting six months , and are due for rotation in less than 24 hours . My men are tired . They need a rest . They wanna get back to Earth and to their families . Evidently , I didn 't make myself clear enough to you , Captain . I did not call you to debate . Wiz ' orders must be carried out . Nonsense ! If a machine says to go out and get killed , it does not mean I must do it . The new rules allow me to disobey such an order . I 'm reserving decision . I 'll report to you later . Consider your future , Captain Hamilton . Forget the new rules this time . You 've got to obey , Captain . The commander here has helped you before . But now not even he can help you . He 'll be unable to protect your career if you persist in your refusal . Think it over , Captain . At the end of the mission , you 'll all be given extra leave with the possibility of a very fine promotion . I 'll be the first one to suggest it . You 'll all be heroes . From our press room , you 'll all be followed continuously by journalists from all over the world . Think it over . I 'm sorry , Commander . No member of my crew wants to be a hero . And a normal leave is going to be fine , without a promotion . And tell that hunk of metal that MK-31 is returning home . Captain Hamilton , I think Dr. Jane Frasier would like to speak with you . - Hello , Fred . - Hello , Jane Frasier . It 's been a long time . I won 't try to talk you into changing your mind . I only ask that you behave justly . Allow the crew to choose . It 's the only democratic way , I feel . That certainly does seem the fairest way to handle this , doesn 't it ? - Hi , Richard . - Hi . - How long ? - Whatever . - Violent or gentle ? - You decide . It 's strange how some printed words can evoke emotion . You live in a different world . Not in a world of words , but of things that you cannot express . Meela , you 're the one who 's lost contact with life . You 've let yourself be conditioned by machines . Sure , I know you 're all technicians . Chemists , physicists , engineers ... But no poets or musicians are born nowadays . And you 've forgotten about love . I think I 'll never use the cosmic love . You must never , never be fooled by imitations . You must kiss me more often from now on . You know something ? I feel this is my first victory over machines . Captain ! The radar scanner indicates two shining points . They 're approaching rapidly . All crews to your stations . Establish contact with base Orion . Tell Commander Armstrong it 's urgent . Spaceship MK-31 has to speak with Commander Armstrong . It 's urgent ! Commander Armstrong 's coming . What 's happening , Captain ? Our radar is picking up two strange metallic bodies . I presume they 're spaceships . Spaceships in that plot of space ? They could be asteroids . They 've got to be asteroids ! No asteroids could vary their speed like that . They 're being controlled somehow . Captain , try to find out what 's happening . But remember , they 're not terrestrial spaceships . That is , if they are spaceships . There 's a way to get an answer to that . Activate the scanners . - Executed . - Executed . Executed . The two objects are now in our cameras . They 'll be on your base scanner momentarily . Transfer everything to Base Orion . Then they 're really spaceships . There just isn 't any other possibility . Establish contact . Negative contact . Hamilton , try again . Try with all possible ways of communications . Try with the radio , too . Wait . Let us contact Wiz . He 'll know what to do . Halla , interrupt contact with base . Meela , analyze the spaceship on our computer . Ask data about their crew and weapons in terms of absolute probability . Data insufficient . In other words , we 'll have to be content with a relative probability . Unmanned spaceships armed with long-range disintegrators . Seventy percent chance . - Battle speed . - Battle speed . Activate disintegrators . Coordinate direction race . Activate laser . Best range : 50 miles . Approaching range . Ten , nine , eight , seven , six ... Five , four , three , two , one ... Zero ! We 've been hit ! Internal pressure is five Gs . We 've lost contact . What 's happening ? Reactivate contact at once . Our equipment seems to be working perfectly , Commander . They must 've stopped transmitting . Commander , the newspaper men are in the press hall . They 've followed everything . Commander , we 've got a lot of questions to ask . How do you plan to answer this attack against the Earth ? What are you talking about ? There 's been no attack against our planet . We 've all seen the spaceship . Do you think MK-31 has been hit as part of some weird game ? Will you please stop misrepresenting facts ? A space skirmish does not mean that Earth is in peril and that we 've been attacked . That spaceship out there could have weapons . Our bases didn 't sight anything that could make us dread an attack . Why have you already given the alert signal to all the bases ? - Well , because- - - You will be quiet . That is a military secret . Yes , sir . The public must know about that ship . We may be facing the vanguard of a whole fleet . Damn ! That 's enough ! Get out of here ! I won 't answer any more questions ! The Earth is in danger ! The Earth is in desperate , desperate danger ! It is very urgent for the public- - Aliens are attacking Earth . The vanguard of a fleet . All bases prepare defenses ! ... can be destroyed by MK-31 . Orion 's monitors , we have seen the beginning of the end ! Spaceship approaches Earth . I can 't make it , Captain . The centrifugal force has immobilized me . We have to make it . Or maximum we can blow up the ship , Captain . We have to break clear . Push your trigger ignition button . Try to reach it . Go on . Oh , that 's over . Deactivate main generator . Captain , the B circuit in the main generator has been damaged and needs to be repaired . There 's no control . How are the auxiliaries ? Normal course . Speed reduced to a fourth , only that- - Captain , I can 't reactivate contact with Earth . The auxiliary engines are too weak . They don 't have sufficient power . Activate videos 14 and 7 . And 17 and 6 . Gravitational force is increasing fast . The angle 's drift coincides with the planet 's axis . We 're being attracted by its gravitational force . We can 't stop the fall . We 'll be smashed to bits . Ask computer for forced landing data . Insufficient energy available . Impossible to enter orbit at such high speed . Six minutes before impact . You must stop the descent instantly . Activate vaporizers . It 's no good , Captain . There is not enough time left for that now . Activate vaporizers , dammit ! It 's increasing . There 's no way now to stop the fall . It 's too late , Captain . We 've had it . That vaporizer still can stop us ! Captain , the spaceship 's fall has stopped ! Nice going . I should think that the computer has realized that by now . Now let 's see if it can stabilize us . It 's impossible . The spaceship is sustained by an antigravitation force of unknown origin . We 're in the planet 's orbit , at 500 thousand feet . But it 's against every physical law . How could there be a planet with a variable gravitation ? It 's dark , cold , inhospitable . There are also craters . It almost looks as if the atmosphere is frozen . Shall we send a probe , Captain ? No , I was thinking of landing on the planet . Jack , is the landing module in working condition ? The module is working perfectly , Captain . And it 'll be much easier to repair that faulty generator if we 're on firm ground . All crewmembers to your stations ! Report for landing ! Switch on videos 2 and 3 . Activate the monitors . Meela , analyze the external data . Oxygen : 15 % . Azote : 70 % . Atmosphere and gravity similar to Earth 's . This zone of the planet will stay in shadow another 45 Earth days . The men in charge of space research , get ready to leave in the module . The rest of you , remain onboard . My compliments , Captain . You 're the first man to set foot on this planet . We 're outcasts in a lost planet in space , but at last we have something firm under our feet . This planet offers some wonderful opportunities for specimens . Do you think there 's life here , Greta ? I haven 't noticed traces of water . Maybe the air 's moisture allows the growth of primitive nuclei , some form of life . This ground must be rich in iron and nickel . Take a look at this rock . - Any radioactivity ? - No indication yet . Meela , look ! This is organic . - Find anything , Meela ? - No . - You ? - It 's a growth of some kind . Interesting . I wonder what it is . It 's similar to lichen , back on Earth . But not identical . I 'll analyze it later . Come in , this is Karis . There 's something after me ! No ! Stay back ! - Who 's that ? - That 's Jack 's voice ! Stay where you are . Now we 're going to split up into two groups . I want no heroes . We 'll find him . Alright , let 's see . You right here , all of you , go with me . The rest of you go in that direction . Okay , let 's go . And don 't lose sight of each other . I think I saw him go toward those rocks . Look ! That 's Jack lying there . Come on . We 've disappeared from one place and appeared in another ! Captain , I don 't get it . Look , this is no natural phenomenon . What 's unnatural is a sphere like this , here . Among these rocks . It 's all the work of a fiend ! The same fiend that killed Karis ! Wait a second . Where 's Greta ? She was with us when we started out . I gave orders for us to stick together ! But she 's not here ! You 're right , dammit ! Captain , you know what happened to Jack . The same thing could 've happened to Greta . That we can find out . Am I coming through ? Your reception here is very good , sir . What 's going on ? Look , Jack 's been murdered . And we 've been materialized in this cave . Greta 's missing . Have you heard from her ? No . We know nothing . But if you can 't find her , maybe you 'd better come back to the ship . The technicians checking the damaged have reached positive results . Maybe you 're right . Max 's got a point , Captain . Let 's get out of here and go back to the ship . No . With Jack murdered and Greta missing , we can 't leave . We 've got to try to find her . Calm down , Richard . There 's nothing we can do for them . And maybe Greta 's waiting for us outside . Meela , check your apparatus . Captain , the sending station is in here- - in this cave ! They 're signals , addressed only to us . They originate here . An inert rock that transmits signals from Earth . This sphere is the sending station . Our quartz crystals have this property , but they have to be activated . Anyway , the power in ours is limited . There 's some kind of message . Yes , and I think it 's directed toward us . It seems a little clearer . Someone is near us . I 'm almost sure there is . That 's crazy . There 's no one in here . We 've got to keep checking ! We 've got to find out who or what 's sending that message . Signals feel stronger to me . Hello , control . Record everything you see here . Videotape 's running already . Those strange signals are so baffling . Let me know if you need the rest of the crew . Okay . Let 's look around . Release them . I am Amok , strangers . My voice is pure thought that reaches the mind . Hey ! How does that guy know our language ? Shut up , Richard . It 's us . Our brain waves make the telepathy become sound . My race was great once . The machines served men , and my people were happy . Then the huge machine stole the command from me and we became slaves . All this before the Great Explosion . I am talking about an atomic catastrophe . Its survivors , as you see , have regressed to an animal state . Strangers , Amok knows why you have come to this planet . - I think we 've got to do something . - We will . Captain ! Captain , can you hear me ? Maybe they don 't know about the rest of us . We can attack them from the rear . It 'd be simple to do , sir . We can use the disintegrator guns . Don 't worry about us . Repair the generator . I am Etor , chief of my people . You killed one of my men . Why ? No . The immortal monster has killed your companion . Many of us have died . The Black Peril kills all those who dare to go out of the caves . We cannot do a thing against him . We can only hide in the innermost recesses of the planet . Listen , I think they 're sincere . And if we help them , sir , I think it could be the answer to all our problems . Yeah . That 's not a bad idea . We 'd like to help you fight your enemy . Can you tell us where he is ? Sage Amok says that in the shining cave , there 's the monster . Amok recounts that the Great Death came from him . The monster hates any people and kills them without pity . This race was once a great civilization . In every way . This city still seems to be alive , and who knows how long it 's been abandoned ? Let 's go , Captain . The radioactivity is reaching dangerous levels . It 's too dangerous , Captain , for us here . The city is an atomic stockpile . The radioactivity is continuing to rise . Let 's get out of here , Captain ! I 've established the signal 's location . The message comes continually from a mysterious source that is retransmitted by the sphere . It 's not enough . We 've got to go back to the ship and consult the computer . Etor , we can destoy the enemy , but we have to go back to the ship first . No . We have no choice . Etor , the weapons we need are onboard , and we can 't do without them . The woman will stay with us . There 's no alternative , Meela . We 'll have to trust them . Whatever happens , I love you . I 'll be okay now . Go to the ship . As you 've heard , Wiz is positive that our prime importance is Earth 's defense . On the other hand , the unknown spaceships have not signalled on our radars and the other signal from space has also ceased and it could very well be a trap . We can 't risk it . All Earth 's bases are on alert . Wiz ' decision is the best . Captain ! We 've found him ! I 'll be right there . Commander Armstrong , from Kola 's base , they communicate that the sector HF-203 is refracting the passage of any kind of wave . Their ship could 've landed there . That zone is totally isolated . It 's only a polar ice field , with no interest . Unless the vicinity of the pole has provoked some magnetic joke with Kola 's instruments . Ask Kola 's base to verify all the instruments , and to act accordingly . I want any and all data sent here to Orion at once . Yes , sir . Pay attention please ! Did you locate the ship , Captain ? Did you ? I believe so . The enemy 's spaceship should be in the Arctic . The situation is under control . I 'm sorry for the headlines you had in mind , but Earth is not in any danger . Earth is in danger ! - Didn 't buy it . - Nope . What will you think of ? I 'll think of you and me back on Earth . That 's what I always do , my darling . The enemy is a computer . The images you see are materializations of its energy . To destroy it , press button for its elimination . Probable color red . We 've stuffed a ton of information in this gadget , and the only answer we get is ' probable ' or ' possible ' . I want a reliable answer . No certainty possible . Index of probability : 50 percent . I belong to Glasgow , dear old Glasgow town ... There 's somethin ' the matter with Glasgow , for it 's goin ' down round ... I 'm only a common ol ' workin chap , as anyone here can see ... But when I get a couple o ' drinks on Saturday , Glasgow belongs- - ... Who is it ? Alright . Come on . Get back onboard ! And get the protective suits on ! You weren 't worried , were you , Meela ? Just a little . I knew you 'd come for me , and I 'm glad you brought another spacesuit . The radiation in that city is deadly . Well , I 'm glad you 're okay . Captain , I 'm getting all kinds of electronic signals . The meter 's starting to go crazy . I don 't understand it . Meela , you 'll stay here with Rike . Holden , you 're coming with me . Yes , Captain . Earthlings , put down your arms . You must not disobey me . Earthling , step forward . You have been brought here for a purpose , the most important task of your lives . Cooperate ! Do not make me destroy you . You said you called us for a purpose . What is it ? I will respond , Earthling . Once , long ago , the inhabitants of this planet constructed perfect machines . The machines performed all the work for them . The inhabitants of the planet were happy . Their only function was to control these machines . But even though this was their only function , it became a chore . So man built me , so that I might control the machines and be able to construct new ones thereby inheriting all of man 's abdicated responsibilities . One day , the planet was attacked by alien forces . All the machines were destroyed . The inhabitants regressed rapidly . I became the only one with the knowledge to construct new machines . And now I am able to construct them myself . I will make these machines invincible . Then I will be able to conquer the galaxy . You must help me to replace some of my circuits that were damaged by the alien forces . Without all of my circuits functioning , some of my memory banks are blocked . The inhabitants here do not have the intelligence to be utilized anymore . For that reason , I have summoned you . Why did you attack us with the two ships ? You could have destroyed your only means of help . I only wanted to neutralize your engines . After that , I pulled you to the planet with my energy source . Where did you get this energy from , to send messages to other galaxies , and to amuse yourself keeping the dead city alive ? I control the lives and the brains of all the inhabitants here . I keep them alive as I see fit . Just as the shepherd controls the sheep , and then , at any moment , shears the sheep . Enough now with explanations . I will indicate to you which burned-out circuits must be replaced . We must destroy it . We 'll take our time repairing it . We 've got to find that red button . My beam will indicate the components , Earthlings . He seems to enjoy calling us Earthlings . He says it with such scorn . Bring that circuit component over here . Captain ! That red button there ! Not so loud ! It might hear us . Hurry up , Earthlings . What 's taking so long ? I 'm losing patience . Faster , Earthlings . You have many to replace , and I 've waited too long for this . Hurry ! That 's it . That 's the one . Put it in ! I needed only that one circuit . Now I have all my power ! With all that power , the planet Earth will be destroyed ! What the hell are you doing ? I have an idea . Give me your belt . Here . Do you know what you 're doing ? - Have you heard about David and Goliath ? - Who ? It doesn 't matter . If we make it , I 'll tell ya the whole story . I will destroy you . Hurry ! The whole planet 's crumbling ! You haven 't conquered me , Earthlings . I am stronger than ever before ! I will follow you to the end of the galaxy and annihilate you ! Kola 's base communicates a strong explosion in the sector HF-203 , and the zone is not isolated any longer . The radar sentries report that no flying objects have left Earth 's orbit while an aviation scout has seen large metal segments scattered here and there on the ice field . Call a press conference . Give them press release number 2 , that we 've isolated and destroyed the enemy spaceship . And you can burn the other messages . Okay , Commander . No . Marseille is a nickname , in the valley of the Rhone , you don 't have Megalopoli , but only small towns . Montpellier , Arles , Marseille . My grandparents came from Marseille , and that 's how I got my nickname , Marseille . Cutlets au villageois . But the bechamel isn 't very good . Look , Marseille ! - It 's Mac ! - How 'd he get here ? Let 's bring him in . Give me a hand . We 'll get him to the dispensary . Easy . Oh , Greta ! What did it ? She 's hurt . Oko , we 're in the infirmary but we have to get back to the bridge . Yes ? Will you send someone down to take over ? Don 't worry . I 'll come down myself . They 're dead . Get onboard quickly ! The whole planet 's gonna blow up ! We can 't stay here ! Get on ! Raise power : 10 Gs . It 's too much energy to leave . That generator might not be able to take it . I said maximum , Segura . We might blow up ! We 'll blow up if we stay here . The generator isn 't all the way up yet . I said full power , Segura . Sir , it 's impossible until the generator 's up ! Stop giving me excuses , and do it ! Here I am . I 'm okay now . I 'll take over , Segura . Oko , go back to Greta . Give me more on the starboard engines ! Increase power ! More power ! Segura told me everything . Sorry . I 've established contact with Earth . It 's the missing ship , Commander . They 're reporting in . They seem to be alright . Prepare yourself for a big surprise . Captain , we did not behave well toward you . Wiz has told us you had one chance in a thousand to make it . So , frankly , we 'd given you up for lost . I agree with you , that machines can be wrong . And we 're very happy to see you . Carry on . Continue to delegate all your decisions to the machines . And man will continue to prove that his brain is still superior . As I said , prepare yourselves for a big surprise . You 'll soon be seeing one of the inhabitants of the planet you sent us to . I 'll give you a full report when we reach the base . Here 's our guest . He looks terrific . He seems like one of us . I am happy to welcome the newest member of the crew . Hey , Captain ! He 's automatically an officer in that uniform . Here . Take him to the doctor for a check-out , will ya ? He certainly looks okay to me . Etor . Let 's go . Captain , I need some rest . I 'm tired . Oh , by all means . Now that everything 's alright , you can sleep for two days if ya like . Go . Request coordination with base Orion . Give data to the computer . This is Orion base . There 's damage on the line between the generator and the instruments . Our connection with Earth is interrupted again . Captain ! Perhaps in the corridor . Better check the computer . Breakdown due to sabotage . Activate interior video 1 on the emergency generator . What the hell are you doing here , Oko ? I told you to look after Greta . No need . She 's asleep . I decide what 's needed or not ! Red alert ! Stop Greta ! Captain ! She 's here . We found her . Greta . We don 't want to harm you . We want to help you . He killed them ! There was all that blood ! There was so much blood ! Everybody out ! Come on ! Quick ! Activate all watching devices ! Etor , I have the energy of your race . I am still powerful ! Get over to the door , Meela . You can 't do anything for Etor . - Shall I get her , Captain ? - No , Holden . I know how to get rid of that monster . You stay here at the control console . Open the door ! Meela , you 've got to get out of here . Come on . Come on ! Hurry ! I have a little surprise for the youngest member of your crew . Oh , look , Peter ! There 's your baby ! - Oh ! It 's your baby ! - It 's my baby . It 's mine ! It 's mine ! I can 't believe it . Look ! What a darling baby ! Ask that hunk of metal if we 're on the right course and how long it 'll take us to arrive . So delicate ... What a beautiful child . Direction course exact . Estimated time of touchdown : 30 hours , Earthlings .
