 [ Man ] Please proceed aft to the passenger cabin , ladies and gentlemen : Welcome aboard : Baggage can be stowed ... Welcome aboard : This way , please : [ Woman On Speaker ] Welcome to the Omega Solaris Space Terminal : Would all passengers please proceed on board : [ Gasps ] We will be leaving shortly : Please proceed on board : Thank you : Welcome to the Omega Solaris Space Terminal : Would all passengers please proceed on board : Wait ! Please wait ! - Help me , please : - Halt ! Prepare to launch : Launching : - Are you all right ? - I think so : Those were Dorian security men , weren 't they ? - How did you know that ? - The masks : I 've heard the Dorians are mutants , and they keep themselves disguised that way : - Why were they after you ? - Please ... - Please don 't ask me any questions : - Okay : Where is this shuttle going ? We 're headed back for the Earth ship Searcher : We 've been picking up survivors of the volcanic eruptions on Avernus : - The space terminal was acting as a temporary evacuation center : - Where will you take them ? To a new colony on the planet Ceneus : Please : Isn 't there some way I can go with you ? For the time being , consider yourself a survivor : Thank you : [ Man Narrating ] In the year 1987 , NASA launched the last of America 's deep space probes : Aboard this compact starship , a lone astronaut , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , was to experience cosmic forces beyond all comprehension : In a freak mishap , his life-support systems were frozen : : : By temperatures beyond imagination : Ranger 3 was blown out of its planned trajectory : : : Into an orbit 1,000 times more vast , an orbit which was to return Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : Take any seat in the cabin you wish , ladies and gentlemen : This way , please : Hello : Welcome aboard : [ Chattering ] Hello : I 'm Colonel Deering : I 'll be your liaison between the passengers and the ship 's command while you 're here : Hello , Colonel : I 'm Darel and this is my husband , Joham : Hi : Nice to meet you , Colonel : Very nice to meet you as well : If you need any help , let me know : Thank you : Thank you very much : So you 're not settling on Ceneus , huh ? No : I fly freighters out of Rigel and Clomax 4 : I meet my ship on Ceneus : I see : What about you , my friend ? What line of work are you in ? The best : Maximum return on minimum investment : Uh , perhaps we could : : : Start a game : Well , well : A gambler : Actually , a little bit of everything : : : That doesn 't involve too much labor : Prestidigitation is my latest interest : Presto ! Care to make a bet on what I can change it into ? [ Laughs ] I 'm , uh , not a betting man : Are you comfortable ? Is there anything I can do for you ? We 're fine : Thank you : Okay : Buck , is something wrong ? I don 't know , Wilma : I don 't know : I 'll , uh ... I 'll talk to you later , okay ? [ Chattering ] Excellent chicken : Do you have any more ? [ Laughing ] [ Chattering Continues ] Beautiful : I didn 't know you were there : I 'm sorry : I didn 't mean to startle you : My name is Buck Rogers : You never told me yours : I 'm called : : : Elifa : Elifa , hi : Some view , isn 't it ? I never tire of looking at it : It 's beautiful : Elifa , I don 't know why the Dorians were chasing you , but ... Well , if you 've got a problem , I 'm more than happy to listen : Does my staying on board depend upon telling you my problems ? No , no : Of course not : It 's just that sometimes talking about a problem is the first step to solving it : And sometimes , Captain , talking about your problems just makes them worse : Find out anything ? No : No : Whatever is bothering her , she seems to want to handle it on her own : [ Man On Speaker ] Emergency : ! Emergency : ! All personnel , report to duty stations : ! Reading ? Our instruments indicate no forward velocity , Admiral : What ? Why , that 's preposterous ! Joham , what is it ? We don 't seem to be moving : What is that ? [ Chattering ] Activate the vid-screen : There was no sign of it on the scanners : They must be using a cloaking device : Energize defense shields : The defense shields aren 't functioning : I am Koldar , Supreme Leader of the Dorians of Cygnius : Your defense shields have been disabled : I am in pursuit of a murderess who has take refuge aboard your ship : You will give me the Dorian woman , Asteria : A Dorian woman ? Dorians are mutants , always wear masks : Everyone here is human : [ Koldar ] When the woman is in my custody , your ship will be released : Dear God , Syla : He 's holding us captive : It 's got to be the girl who ran on board the shuttle when we were loading up the last of the survivors : There was a gang of Dorian thugs chasing her , so I let her on board : I concurred with Buck 's decision , Admiral : The Dorians are a harsh people : One cannot tell what they would 've done to the girl once they caught her : Is the woman a Dorian ? She wasn 't wearing a mask , but that doesn 't prove anything : Listen to me , Koldar : I am Admiral Ephraim Asimov : Interference with a peaceful vessel in open space : : : Is a violation of the laws governing interstellar navigation : It is tantamount to piracy : It is not piracy to seek justice ! I will not permit a known murderess under sentence of death to escape punishment : Any complaint you have against her will have to be taken up in the forum of interplanetary courts : Unlike Dorians , we have a quaint custom called due process of law : Legal niceties do not interest me : I have anticipated your attitude and have the means to alter it : Proceed with first phase thermal intervention : [ Chattering ] What 's happening ? It 's getting hot in here : Have the cooling circuits failed ? The cooling circuits are functioning perfectly : It 's obvious they have some way of changing our cabin temperature : [ Koldar ] I have increased the cabin temperature of your vessel to scale plus 7 : 5 : But an ancient law of physics demands that for every action : : : There is an equal and opposite reaction : Inverse charge : They 've also got some way to lower our temperature : [ Sighs ] Scale is minus 3 : 8 and dropping : I shall continue to alter the cabin temperature of your vessel until you give me the woman : That is all ! Father : Consider this : The girl has managed to board the Earth ship Searcher : She 's undoubtedly on her way out of the star system ... in effect , banishment : Surely this is punishment enough : Are you forgetting she killed your brother ? Merely exiling herself from the Dorian race : : : Hardly constitutes punishment enough ! Well , it looks like we 've got a criminal in our midst : A Dorian criminal : But how can that be ? No one here 's wearing a mask : I don 't know : But mask or no mask , it seems that our first order of business is finding out who she is ! I say every woman in this cabin should give an account of herself : It 's the only way we can find out who ... There it is ! There it is ! I can see it ! That 's a Dorian ship all right : They 've changed it again : It 's getting hot : Captain , what do you propose to do about this ? How are we gonna get ourselves out of this force field ? What Koldar is doing is in violation of every law : : : Governing the conduct of interstellar navigation : - He won 't get away with it : - Well , he seems to be getting away with it right now ! The ship is stopped : We 're alternately freezing and frying : And all because some alien criminal has taken refuge on this ship : He 's right , you know : She 's a Dorian : What business of ours is it what they do with her ? I say we send her back to her own kind ! That 's right ! [ All Agreeing ] [ Buck ] Quiet down , all of you : ! No passenger on this ship is gonna be handed over to armed aliens : : : Who have broken every interplanetary law by stopping us : Now , I suggest you all return to your seats : : : And try to make yourselves as comfortable as possible : : : Until we can resolve this crisis : Cabin temperature just went to scale plus nine , sir : [ Sighs ] How long can we take this heat , Doctor ? What ? Well , in my opinion , our bodies can 't withstand temperatures : : : In excess of scale 8 : 2 for a sustained period of time : [ Sighs ] Crichton , Crichton , would you be so kind , my boy ? Are you listening ? Listen : Be good enough to provide a vector analysis : : : Of relevant temperature data for me , would you , please ? Extrapolation from current temperature data : : : Indicates all mammalian life-forms aboard vessel : : : Will attain metabolic stasis by 1600 hours : : : If the present scale is maintained : Am I mistaken , Doctor , or did he just say : : : That we have less than eight hours to live ? Yes , Admiral : I 'm afraid that 's precisely what he said : Well , if the Dorians change to another cold cycle , that one will probably freeze us solid : All I 'm saying is that we have a right to know who it is ! Aren 't you curious ? Doesn 't anybody even care ? Captain Rogers already covered this , Rand : Why don 't you just sit down and relax : Oh , my young friend here seems to think I should relax , huh ? Well , I don 't relax so well when I 'm in a blast furnace cooking in my own juices ! You don 't think so well either : What 's that supposed to mean ? Look : There are at least a dozen women in this cabin : Sojust how do you propose to discover who 's the guilty party ? Laser mind probe ? Hypnosis ? The rack ? What I propose is that we question every woman here ! Find out who she is : : : And what she was doing before she boarded this ship : And what do we do if we find her ? Turn her over to the Dorians ourselves ? Well , why not ? Why should we suffer and die for something that doesn 't even concern us ? Let the Dorians settle their own affairs ! And it doesn 't really matter whether the woman is guilty or not , just so long as you save your own skin ! We can start with you : Do I look like a Dorian to you , mister ? How would I know ? Nobody knows what a Dorian looks like ! They always wear masks ! Well , then why don 't you just leave me alone : : : And look for somebody that has a mask on ! I say that all the women here should tell us who they are : : : And what they 're doing aboard this ship : That 's enough ! Nobody 's appointed you spokesman for the group : That 's right : Not a soul : Fine ! Just fine ! Is that how you all feel ? [ All ] Yes ! Well , good ! We can all sit here and bake to death ! For all we know , she 's the one : Or them : Maybe it 's one of them : We left our home on Avernus yesterday ! [ Shudders ] We 've never seen a Dorian : Lots of people can vouch for us : Cleis , we don 't owe him any explanation : I think we 've got to stop attacking each other : We are in this thing together , and we 're going to have to stick together in order to get out of it : Noble words , my friend : Noble words : But are you ready to sacrifice your wife and your unborn child : : : For a murderer ? Again ! They 've done it again ! There are thermal blankets in the ship 's stores : Those of you who require further insulation : : : May go forward and draw them : [ Man ] It 's about time : ! It is likely to get much colder : [ Man ] I 'm freezing to death : [ Woman ] If it gets any colder , we 're done : [ Chattering Continues ] You need more protection than that : Come : I will escort you to the ship 's stores : I 'll be all right : I do not think so : You should come with me : I said I 'd ... Perhaps you 're right : Thank you , Hawk : I think it 's time you ended your mysterious lady act : What are you going to do ? Turn me over to Koldar ? Are you the Dorian he 's looking for ? When I saw you looking at your reflection in the viewport , it was as though you 'd never seen your own face before : That 's because you 've always worn a mask , isn 't it ? You know the customs of my people , Captain : The mask is never removed in front of others , and there are no mirrors or reflecting surfaces allowed on my planet : My people have observed this custom for centuries : Ever since the neutrino wars with Rigel changed us forever , leaving us a race of mutants : Mutants ? You 're one of the most attractive women I 've ever seen : There 's an old Earth saying : " Beauty is in the eye of the beholder : " Such things are relative , Captain : What is it exactly that Koldar thinks you 've done ? What does it matter ? He 'll have his way : He always does : He 's trying to fry us again : The temperature 's practically at scale plus 10 : Look : You 've got to tell me why Koldar wants you : Lives are at stake ! He thinks I killed his son : Did you ? Of course not : I loved him : Two days ago , I went to see Chosan : There 's a place ... an escarpment in the hills where we met : But when I found him , he 'd been hurt : Terribly hurt : He stumbled toward me , bleeding , and then : : : He lost his footing : : : And fell from the escarpment , even as I tried to hold him : And as I was running for help , I learned that others had already found Chosan 's body and ... and wanted me for the murder : As somebody who makes his living from others ' weaknesses , I 've been coming to a conclusion : Such as ? Starting a game , my friend : Starting a game : What game ? You 've heard about the Dorians having a dislike for mirrors ? The girl never had a chance to tell her side of the story : Now , Koldar just might listen to one of us : And he just might not : You 're quite right indeed , Admiral : He might not : The Dorians are stubborn , proud people : They 've isolated themselves from other races in the galaxy for so many centuries : : : That very little is known about them : Hence the old saying , of course : " Dark as a Dorian secret : " Yeah : But at this point , we have no other choice : Wilma , switch on the vid-com : Koldar , this is Captain Buck Rogers on board the Searcher : I do not speak with junior officers : Where is your admiral ? The admiral is in charge of this vessel : I am in command of this mission : Our interference will cease when you surrender the woman : We 're not prepared to surrender anyone : How do we even know she 's guilty ? The woman 's guilt is not in doubt , Captain : Do you have evidence ? Buck : That would be the business of the Dorians of Cygnius , not yours : It became our business the moment you stopped this ship : I demand to come on board and examine your evidence : That is out of the question : What 's the matter , Koldar ? Are you afraid that if an outsider learns the details of the case , the entire galaxy will know that the Dorians are a race of primitives ... a race that condemns people to death without even a trial ? You may come aboard , Captain : By the time you leave , neither you nor anyone else : : : Will have cause to doubt Dorian justice : Wonderful ! Our valiant captain gets the Dorians even angrier ! A little more of his help , and we 'll all be dead for sure ! Why don 't you just shut your mouth : I don 't see you helping matters any : How long do you intend to keep this up , Captain ? What are you trying to say , Rand ? What I 'm trying to say is , the only way we 're going to get out of this alive : : : Is to give the Dorians what they want : Some of us here believe you know who the woman is : I already told you , Rand : No passenger on board this ship is gonna be handed over to anybody : [ Man On Speaker ] Prepare for docking amidships : Prepare for docking amidships : I 'm Captain Buck Rogers : I 've been granted an audience with Koldar : I am Demeter : Koldar is my father : Then it was your brother who was killed : Asteria says she 's innocent of your brother 's death : - I believe her : - I wish it could be proven so : My father asks that I show you something : If you 'll come with me , please : I invite your attention to the viewscan you 're about to see , Captain : It was taken on a routine patrol by one of our security ships : : : On the day my brother died : Enlarge detail : More detail : I 'd like to see that again : [ Panting , Gasping ] Too ... Too hot : I 'm burning up : It 's going to be all right : Captain Rogers is talking to them : They 'll let us go : We 're gonna die , aren 't we ? No : No : Of course not : Yes : Yes : We 're all gonna die : No : All of us ! It 's gonna be all right : [ Sobbing ] Cleis , it 's all ... all right : Folks , I think it 's time to look on the bright side here , lighten up the mood with a little entertainment : My name is Chronus , and I like to think I bring a little joy with me when I travel : - For instance ... - [ Gasps , Sighs ] Sleight of hand tricks at a time like this ? Some people are hard to please : [ Laughs ] A fan for the lady : Perhaps others , more in need : A breath of air for each of the ladies : Indeed , all true believers in Chronus , the prestidigitator , may have a fan of her own : See how a little levity changes things ? It draws us all closer together : Well , what have we here ? A lady allergic to her own reflection : All right , Dorian ! Take a look ! Let the woman go ! Let her go ! Seems we 've found our pigeon : ! Look in the mirror ! What is it you Dorians see looking in mirrors ? Is it you see nothing at all ? I said let her go : ! [ Rand ] Here 's your Dorian criminal : ! Is what they 're saying true ? I 've committed no crime : I swear : She weaseled her way aboard this ship and jeopardized our lives ! She has no right to be here ! So what do we do ? Draw and quarter her ? No : Of course not : We simply put her into the emergency air lock and let the Dorians take her away : [ Gasps ] You must be out of your mind ! Look at it this way : It 's simply a matter of odds : If the girl stays aboard , then we all die , including her : But if the girl goes over to the Dorians , then she may or may not die , but the rest of us definitely live : I say we vote ! Yes : Vote : Cleis , you don 't know what you 're saying : You have no idea what you 're doing : You may go : I understand your disillusionment , Captain : It 's always painful to believe in someone , and then find that belief to have been misplaced : [ Sighs ] I still don 't think she did it : The viewscan itself was ambiguous : Depending on how you look at it , it could either be a young woman pushing a man to his death : : : Or struggling desperately to keep him from falling : I admit it could be read that way by one who believed in her innocence as you do , Captain : It 's a persuasive argument I could use on my father : With Asteria 's life at stake , you never thought to argue that with your father before ? Well ... Well , my father is a difficult man to talk to : Asteria says she loved your brother : Were you aware of that ? Is this an interrogation , Captain ? Were you and your brother close ? Yes , we were : But exactly what does that question mean ? If you were close , you would 've been aware of any arguments between Asteria and your brother ... any argument serious enough to cause her to kill him : I asked my father to banish Asteria , not execute her ! I have done my best to see she was not unduly punished ! What do you mean by " unduly punished " ? The Dorians are noted for their rigid justice ... a life for a life : Is there something about your brother 's death : : : You 're keeping to yourself for some reason ? [ Door Opens ] Sir , your father is ready to receive the Terran in five minutes : Very well : Captain : [ Sighs ] We just hit scale plus 10 : Still no word from Buck : Well , give him time : Give him time : You 'd better check on the passengers : See how they 're holding up : Anybody who thinks we should turn the girl over , step forward ! Hand her over ? He can 't be serious : He sounded serious to me : You 'd better get down there : Hawk : Well , what 's the matter with you ? If you think we should turn her over , step forward ! [ Shuddering ] Cleis : This is murder they 're committing : How can you be a party to it ? Do you wanna die ? Darel , we have to think about the baby : - Majority rules : Let 's go : - You 're not doing this , Rand ! Out of my way , pilot ! [ Gasps ] This is Searcher calling the Dorian ship : The girl you want is in the emergency air lock : It 's locked : Stand back : I tried ... I tried to stop them : I don 't know who I feel sorrier for ... that poor girl you just condemned to death : : : Or all of you : Father , I present Captain Buck Rogers of the Earth ship Searcher : Now that you have seen the evidence of the woman 's guilt , Captain , neither you nor anyone aboard your vessel : : : Will have cause to question Dorian justice : Koldar , you have judged and sentenced the woman : : : Without even hearing what she has to say : You 've held dozens of innocent people on a peaceful vessel hostage : : : And subjected them to extraordinary cruelty : You call that justice ? I don 't think you or any Dorian has any idea of what justice is : Under ordinary circumstances , Captain , such an outburst would merit swift and certain punishment : But in view of recent developments , I shall overlook your impertinence : The other passengers voted : Return the Earth ship to its normal temperature : It 's getting cooler : It is ! Yeah ! It is getting cooler ! I told you if we gave them back the girl , everything would be all right : Engage the videocom : I want the humans aboard the Earth ship to witness these proceedings , that they may know what we do here is nothing more than simple justice : Koldar , the judiciary of every civilized race in the galaxy : : : Bars those having a conflict of interest from sitting in judgment : Can you decide the fate of your own son 's accused killer : : : And call thatjustice ? These entire proceedings will be nothing but a sham : : : Unless her fate is decided by someone who has no vested interest in the outcome : Very well , Captain : Do any of you find my judgment unjust ? Do any of you find my interpretation of the evidence unfair or illogical ? If so , step forward without fear of censure or disfavor : And you ... Do you find my judgment cruel or unjust , Demeter ? I would have preferred her punishment to be banishment , Father , but it is your judgment : My judgment is the judgment of one man , Captain : But as you can see , its wisdom is recognized by all : The woman will be executed according to custom : : : After the proper formalities have been observed : Ah , yes : Ah , yes : The proper formalities : How could I possibly have forgotten those ? It does make it easier , doesn 't it , Koldar ? Nothing like a little ritual to soothe a guilty conscience : Return him to his ship ! Halt ! If you 're gonna execute this girl , I suggest you do it now : Or is that a little more justice than you can stomach , Koldar ? Maybe it is easier to have some executioner back on Cygnius do your dirty work for you : Very well , Captain : You shall see justice swift and sure ! Prepare the prisoner for execution ! No : ! This can 't be happening : ! Somebody , somebody stop them ! It 's-It 's not possible : Surely they 're not going to kill her right there : That 's ... Barbaric ? Prepare to execute sentence : We shall spare the sensitivities of those who cooperated with us : Disengage the videocom : Now you shall see that I do not shrink from the consequences of my judgment : They turned it off ! : Perhaps you are disappointed you cannot see the execution you so desperately wanted : Carry out the execution ! No ! Stop ! You mustn 't : What is the meaning of this ? Asteria did not kill Chosan : Then who did ? It was an accident : We quarreled , struggled : Chosan fell and struck his head : I never dreamed Asteria would be accused of his death : : : Until you saw him fall to his death in the viewscan : And to the very end , of even you bringing her back to Cygnius , l-I felt you might let her go : Release the woman : You knew I could not let her die : Why ? Why did you lie to me ? If it was indeed an accident , as you say , why did you not come forward with the truth ? Because I was frightened : Frightened of what you would do , of what you would say : But most of all , Father , I was frightened of your sense of justice : You fear me that much ? As much as those who did not dare to speak against your judgment : Why did you quarrel with Chosan ? He would go into the hills above the city to meet Asteria : There they would violate our custom : Are you telling me that when your brother met with Asteria : : : They would remove their masks ? Yes : I felt it intolerable : : : That a future leader of our people should behave in such a way : And on that terrible morning , we came to blows : After Chosan fell , he lay there , not moving : I thought he was dead , so I ran away : Had I the courage to remove his mask , I might have seen he was still alive and brought him help : But I couldn 't bring myself to do it , so : : : Because of this wretched custom of hiding behind masks , I caused my brother 's death : ! But now I see that a race of people blindly subservient to a custom : : : Is not a race of people at all , but a race of slaves ! I 'm sorry , Asteria : I shall never wear a mask again ! I don 't understand : He 's as handsome as Asteria is beautiful : How could this custom of wearing masks have led to this tragedy ? What is this secret that you people refuse to talk about ? In centuries past , tens of thousands of our people were driven to suicide , unable to face the horrors of their mutancy : To save our race from extinction , it was decided that no Dorian : : : Would ever look upon the face of another Dorian or appear without his mask : But now , perhaps my son is right : Perhaps the time has come : : : For us to find a new way to live with an ancient curse : Perhaps the Dorian secret exacts too high a price : : : From those it was intended to protect : Show him ! Show him what we are ! I am your leader : Do as I command ! Remove your masks , now ! Imagine ... Imagine , Captain , what it is like to live in a world : : : Where every face you see is a mirror image of your own : Madness ! - It 's Asteria : ! - She 's all right ! Thank God : [ Rand ] I still say we did the right thing : The girl 's a Dorian : We had a right to send her back to her own kind : Is that so ? In a few days , you 're gonna be landing on a new planet : It 's a beautiful , unblemished world : If at least some of you learned something from what happened today , it has a chance of remaining that way : There 's an old-fashioned saying : " Learn from the past and look to the future : " In my day , people never quite got the hang of it : I hope you have better luck :
