 Standby camera one . 'And this special report from KOB Television . The National Aeronautics and Space Agency quotes officials as saying that the asteroid now entering our portion of the solar system poses no threat to Earth . Meanwhile , NASA 's viewpoint is substantiated by observatories as far away as Siberia and Peking . However , as might be expected , official sources in Moscow and Peking do have a difference of opinion as to the size and mass of the space intruder . Nevertheless , the world 's scientific community is generally agreed on one thing ... The astroid is on a collision course with the moon . After the impact , astronomers will no doubt have to add a new crater to their maps of our already pockmarked moon . In any event , we will interrupt our regular programs to keep you informed of the now-certain collision in outer space and to bring you any further bulletins from leading observatories or from NASA . ' - Alright , Paul ? - Johnny ! Johnny Longbow . Johnny , what sparked you to rush the Halloween season ? - It was too good to resist ! - What ? You can come out now ! Show 's over ! Count Dracula at your service . Better known on campus as Budd Keeler and Janet Price . Hi . Do forgive us . These , I 'm afraid , are two of my students at the university . Unfortunately I 'm saddled with them for my summer field course . Just as you were saddled with me . Not quite . You decided to switch from Anthropology to Minerology at the graduate level . Until that point , I thought you had a fair degree of sense . Was it you that made that god-awful sound ? That was me , I 'm afraid . He also does bird calls , but don 't get ' em started . Janet , like I keep telling you ! An anthropology major these days should have more than one talent ! That 's a talent ? Bird calls ? I 'm Kathy Nolan . Paul . Paul Carlson . Don 't tell me you 're a student . Ms. Nolan is doing her picture story on the religious customs of the tribes around here . Especially of my own people . That 's why Budd happened to have a ceremonial mask . Really my idea . I borrowed the mask from the collection at the reservation . To do some mood shots on location out here . But , when we were heading back , and I saw you and Professor Salinas explained you were a friend ... Well , I 'm afraid the bright idea of using it for a practical joke and getting some shots of your reaction ... was my idea . Thanks , I 'm glad to know . I 'm afraid we got more reaction than I bargained for . I won 't use the shots . That 's a promise . Am I forgiven ? Of course , Ms. Nolan . Kathy , to my friends . We are friends ? We are , Kathy . We were just on our way to Professor Salinas ' place at the reservation . He 's promised us an authentic Indian supper . Won 't you join us ? I 'd like to , if it 's alright with Johnny Longbow . It 's alright with me . No problem at all . Just follow my car . Why do you call him Johnny Longbow ? Well , it 's his Indian name . His tribal one . It translates , ' warrior 's bow that reaches long to its mark . ' Actually , he handles a bow like one of his ancestors . 'There is additional word from NASA this evening concerning the asteroid that collided with the moon two days ago . Radio telemetry from the size monitors planted on the moon 's surface in previous Apollo missions have recorded the shock of the impact as beyond the end of the Richter Scale . On Earth , this would be a disturbance that would rival the explosion in the nineteenth century of the volcanic island of Krakatoa . The impact on the moon has sent off a shower of fragments mixed with pieces of the asteroid . Some of these small fragments will enter Earth 's atmosphere tonight but they will undoubtedly explode into nothing more than a harmless shower of tiny meteorites according to NASA officials . The greatest concentration of this meteor shower will be over the southwest region of the United States . This meteor shower will be , however , quite harmless according to the statement from NASA and likely to provide nothing more than a spectacular sight in the sky . And that 's the story of the asteroid collision on the moon today . This is Gary Kanin from our news center in Albuquerque . I didn 't schedule a meteor shower as part of the evening entertainment at the reservation . It should be quite a sight . This is a great meal , professor . That 's a great stew . What 's in it ? Oh , a lot of things . Chicken , corn , green peppers ... Chili , onions ... Well , it 's an old recipe around the area . Well , if nobody minds , I think I 'll have some more . I 'll offer to call it ' research ' , naturally . I 'm glad that 's what you call it . Yyou know , I 'd like to get some night shots of this area . Well , if you don 't mind me tagging along , I know a few great spots . But they 're pretty far away . What 's that ? That is a lizard . Sorry . Things like that scare me . You get used to lizards here . They 're quite common . That 's why tribes in this area have so many legends about lizards . Like what , for instance ? Such of the story of the lizard and coyote , for instance . In the days before there were men on Earth . Sounds like it 's going to be the Navajo version of Genesis . Ignore him , professor . I 'd like to hear the story . It 'll have no effect on your grades . I don 't expect it to . I 'd just like to hear it . Well , one day , before man walked on Earth ... Lizard and Coyote were having an argument about what shape man would take . Lizard won the argument . They finally agreed that man 's hands would be shaped like Lizard 's . Four fingers and a thumb . Hey , that 's right ! But that 's the end of the story ? Not quite . Coyote drove a hard bargain . He agreed that man 's hands would be shaped like Lizard 's , rather than his paws . But only ... only if man would be mortal . And never again try to be like Lizard . You can see quite a distance up here . Although we 've got a lot more air pollution than we used to . That 's Albuquerque over there . And that road leads to Santa Fe . Northeast . And the river 's over there . Paul , where are we exactly ? I 'm sorry . We 're on the top of Sandia Crest . It 's ten thousand , six hundred and seventy-eight feet up , over , down . Depending on where you are . And you 're point of view . Yeah , I like to come up here at night . It 's one of my favorite places on earth . It 's always so peaceful . So quiet . Somehow above the rest of my life . Right on schedule . Paul , what 's wrong ? What is it ? Paul , are you alright ? What happened ? A meteorite . A lunar meteorite ! A meteorite ? We heard about it earlier on TV . Yes , but here ? Well , we 're right in the area where they 're due to fall . I guess we can consider ourselves lucky . - What 's the matter ? - You 've got a scratch or something on your forehead . I don 't feel anything . Oh , no , don 't touch it . Let me do that . I must 've bumped it when we hit the dirt . Let me clean it up anyway . See ? You were bleeding . That 's nothing ! Hey , Kathy , look at that . It 'll make a great souvenir . My own personal moonrock . Moonrock ! Oh , wow ! Did I say something wrong ? No , but you just reminded me ! I 'm supposed to go into town tomorrow . There 's a NASA exhibit at the university and I 'm supposed to cover it . That 's a great idea . We 'll go to the exhibit , then we 'll have some supper , then we 'll go out afterwards . Just in case the moonrock hasn 't cooled off ... It 's cool enough to travel now . Have you got a first aid kit in that bag ? A few things , why ? I 'm still worried about that cut on your head . It could get infected . Look , I don 't live far from here . And I 've got all kinds of antiseptic in my medicine cabinet at my place . Your place ? My place . Fine . Your place , then . - Apparently nobody 's at home . - My mother 's in Europe . She travels a lot . Now that the real Paul Carlson has stood up , what do ya think ? I think you 've spent a lot of your life being lonely . When your parents are divorced , you get used to it . I 'd like you to meet a friend of mine . Hey , his name is Ty . - Ty ? - Short for Tyrannosaurus . Sounds like something in a museum . It is , usually . Ty looks a lot like a dinosaur , or like a dragon the Indians call Amhuluk . Thank you for introducing me to your friend . Well , I hope he didn 't frighten you . Paul , it 's us I 'm really frightened about . Kathy ... Excuse me . I 'm gonna get a closer look at this moonrock . Paul ! Paul , what happened ? I guess I blacked out . I 'm okay . Are you sure ? Yeah , I 'm fine . I just need some fresh air . My voice been gettin ' froggy I been smokin ' too damn much Singin ' songs to the sun that 's risin Rhymin ' words I cannot touch Oh , I been wanderin ' in circles With just a guitar in my hand Playin ' one too many barrooms and drinkin ' more than I can stand California lady Won 't you bring your love to me ? California lady She 's the one I wanna see My California lady You 'll feel a lot better off if we take ya home . Right now . Johnny 's right , Paul . You 're going home . I 'm hung out in Chicago with a California mind Lady love and Lord above These city mountains aren 't my kind Oh , I been wonderin ' in circles With just a guitar in my hand Playin ' all them funky barrooms And drinking ' more than I can stand California lady Won 't you bring your love to me ? California lady She 's the one I wanna see My California lady California lady My California lady I 'm just not sure . Leaving him alone ... It 's the best way . Paul 's still learning a lotta things . Such as ? Such as how to accept help from other people . He 's used to doing things for himself . He 's been a loner a long time . It 's not easy to change . - Even so - - - Tell ya what . If Paul calls me during the night , I 'll call you . - Okay . - How 's that ? I 'll buy that . And if Paul calls me first ? Oh , no ! 'That concludes the national news . - ' Now turning to the news of the local Albuquerque area . ' - Caroline ! - ' Twenty-five people were stranded this afternoon ... - Caroline ! It 's me ! ... for over four hours on the Sandia Crest lift . The lift was faulted due to a severe thunder and lightning storm which swept through the Sandia range at approximately two o 'clock this afternoon . ' - Oh , come on , now ! - ' No major injuries were reported . ' - I don 't wanna stand out here all night ! - ' Although seven people did require hospitalization . ' 'Of those stranded atop the crest , three hundred people were vacationing . ' - Open up ! - Oh , go to hell , Sid ! I told you what was gonna happen when you came home again from that bowling alley ... Drunk ! I 'm going to bed . And you can just sleep it off . Out there . Go to hell . Who 's there ? Thank Screamer for bringin ' the professor . Hello , Mac What happened here ? A killing ' . A messy one . The medical examiner 's report being phoned in ? I 'll make sure I have a copy on your desk when ya get back in . Good . Let me have copies of the other reports , too . - All of ' em . - Yes , sir . Fine . Check in the house , and see if you can lend a hand . Now I 'll tell you why , exactly why I asked you here . I was wondering . It sounded urgent . - It 's because I need an opinion from you . - My field isn 't medicine , you know that Mac . - I know . - So what 's happened ? One problem with bein ' a cop is that eventually you think you 've seen everything . Well , this morning , I found out I was wrong . This is different . Which one is him ? The woman had a weak hearth and what she saw when she opened the door apparently finished her . There 's no report of any violence on her . But take a look at the man . What kind of thing would cut up someone like that ? Could 've been a mountain lion , Mac . No , Johnny . Not that easy . I 'm gonna show you something one of my men found at the back of the house . Whatever killed Harris must 've tripped over the garden hose and grabbed at the side of the house to support it . Take a break . I 'll check with you later . You 're right . That wasn 't made by a mountain lion . That mark was made by a human hand . Well , I would agree with you except for one thing . You tell me what kind of human leaves a footprint like that . Now ya get the picture , Johnny ? When I got that radio call , I thought someone had made a real goof . But when I saw Harris , I had to believe it . Harris was killed by some kinda thing that was nearly seven feet tall . Had hands with claws on the fingers . And walked on feet like I 've never seen before . And that 's why I had to bring you here , Johnny . Now , you 're right . This is not some kinda medical problem . I don 't know what kinda problem it is . You 're an anthropologist , Johnny . I thought just maybe ... You might be able to help us with this . Well , I can tell you . I 've seen a track like that before . Where ? In a museum . A fossil track . Several million years old . Have your men made a plastic cast of the track ? We might get a better answer from the paleontology department at the university . The department head , Deets , he 's a friend of mine . Let 's go , now ! The casting should be ready . Wake up ! Wake up ! I 've decided to make breakfast for us while you hit the shower . Paul ! I agree with Professor Salinas . Your casting here is that of the left hindfoot . Of some form of reptile , some very , very large lizard . I still can 't believe that there are lizards that big in New Mexico . Or anywhere else for that matter . Sorry , Captain Mac . You 're wrong about that . There is a lizard we call Varanus Komodoensis . There 's some photos of ' em over in the Paleontology Lab . He grows to be all of ten feet long . He 's quite a fellow . The Indonesians call ' em the Kimodo Dragon . Gee , is it possible that one of these lizards is here ? - Somehow ? - I don 't think so . And if there were one , somehow , on the loose , it wouldn 't be what you 're looking for . The Kimodo Dragon walks on four feet . This indicates a lizard that can walk upright . Some form of reptile closely related to the Tyrannosaurus Rex . Thanks , Johnny . How in the hell am I gonna tell the commissioner or anyone down at City Hall a man was killed on the doorstep of his own home , last night , by some kinda dinosaur . How do you feel today , Paul ? Oh , much better than yesterday . - Hi ! - Hi . Hey , they 're pretty good , but you should see Johnny work with the bow . Our scholarly anthropologist here was the Conference Archery Champ in college . I 've seen his trophies . How ' bout a little demonstration for our camera ? Alright . Come on , Johnny Longbow . I 'd like to see you live up to your name . Johnny made everything himself . Even the arrowheads . Everything is authentic Indian . Okay , Johnny . Now let 's really impress the lady from New York . Hold this . Paul ! I think he overdid it by coming out here today . We better get ' em home , Kathy . Oh , no . You 're not talking me out of it this time . I 'm staying . You need looking after . Did you take the aspirin ? Yes , master . There , that 's better . Dark and restful . You should be able to sleep now . If you should need anything , I 'll be right in the den , okay ? Okay . I 'll open it . Okay , then . I 'll open it , I 'll open it . Wait just a minute . I 'll open it for two . - You open it for two ? - Alright , I 'll see . You in for two ? How ' bout you , Earl ? - Okay , how many cards ? How many cards ? - I 'll take a pair . A pair 'll never win this game . A pair 'll never win this game . Okay , okay . Two for you , and two winning cards for the big winner of the night . Okay ? Paul ! Paul ! When I woke up and couldn 't find you anywhere in the house , I got so worried . What are you doing out here ? It was so warm in my room . I couldn 't get back to sleep . It must 've been chilly out here last night . You could 've caught a cold . Oh , you 're all alike . Sometimes you act like such big babies . Come on . I 'll make you some breakfast . He was still alive when we found ' em . The man was pretty far gone in shock . But he did manage to say something about a lizard . A big lizard . A big lizard that walked like a man . Seems to me I 've heard that expression before . Maybe . Something your friend Deets said about a dinosaur ? A Tyrannosaurus . Well , there have been discoveries of supposedly extinct creatures dating back to the dinosaur age . Ancient life forms that are still alive , today . Maybe there is a dinosaur still alive . Up in the hills . And something drove it outta the hills . Now it 's on the loose . Professor Salinas , those poor men murdered in the hills last night have the police found out who did it ? Only some theories . That 's all so far . Were those the reason for all that laughter when I drove up ? They 're the pictures Kathy took at the NASA exhibit . You should see the one of Budd looking at the girl in the tight jumpsuit . His eyes were popping out . What happened to this shot ? Oh , this one . I don 't really know . It 's probably a light leak or a lab error . It 's on the original transparency , too . I was going to check with the lab in town later . How is he by the way ? Paul ? He seemed a little better when Janet and Budd called for me before . But he still had a headache . I 'm worried about him . Those headaches he 's been having ... He 's been having those headaches since the day after that meteor shower . Didn 't you tell me he hit his head on the ground that night ? When he tried to shield you from that meteorite that exploded ? That 's right . He got a cut on his head . - A cut ? - More like a scratch . Just a little one . It 's possible Paul may have gotten more than a scratch . A light concussion maybe . - Then you think - - - Don 't worry . I said it might be a light concussion . It 's nothing really serious . I 'll tell you what . I 'll pick up Paul on my way , take him to a hospital . St. Joseph 's would be the best . They 'll do a cranial X-ray , check him out . He 'll be back to normal and back to you in no time at all . The lab that did this print , it 's near the hospital . I 'll have that light streak checked out . Save ya a trip ? Hurry up , slow poke . I wanna get you off my hands . Somebody can take over . Johnny , you 're one hell of a guy . White man speak with forked tongue . Oh , quick , let me write that down . Hurry up , will you ? I 've got other things to do . What happened here ? Where 's Ty ? I don 't know . He must 've broken out the night before last . Somethin ' scared ' em . Maybe the meteor shower . Is this the meteorite you found ? It 's my own personal moonrock . Funny thing . I 've looked through every text I have on minerology . And I can 't find anything like it . Of course , I haven 't run a series of tests on it . You mind if I borrow your moonrock for a couple o ' days ? Go ahead . I was gonna take it to the Geology Lab anyway . Maybe they can find the answer to it . I can 't . Well , right now we 're gonna take you over to St. Joe 's . Maybe they can find an answer to what 's been buggin ' you . That 's it . You can get dressed now . I 've finished with your friend . It 'll take about twenty minutes or so to process the plates . Dr. Sutton 's expecting you . He left word for you to wait in his office . Thanks . How do you feel ? Not bad . Good . While you 're waiting , I might as well do an errand near here . - I 'll be back in a little while . - No sweat . Then it 's not just some kind of error in printing , Mr. Havel ? Definitely not . I remember looking at the originals on that roll myself . What you see is what happened . I can 't explain it , but it 's not our fault or the fault of the film . But have you ever seen anything like that before ? Never . And I 've been in this business for years . I 'm Dr. Sutton . Would ya come this way please ? - I 've looked at your X-rays . - And ? We don 't usually discuss them with patients . But this is an unusual case , Mr. Carlson . This is the normal situation . Just to give you an idea . And this is the one we took of you . What does it mean ? What 's happened to me ? You 've been hit by a small particle of matter of some kind . Not enough to cause any pain because of the high speed . But it is there . Then something 's inside my head ? Yes . It 's not uncommon . There 've been cases where servicemen have survived with small particles of shrapnel embedded in their brain . This wasn 't shrapnel , doctor . So I understood . A meteorite , you said ? What happens now ? Now ? Now we 're gonna keep you here for a few more days for observation . We 're going to take more X-rays . If that area doesn 't clear up , we 're going to do something about it . Surgically . I made this photos several years ago . When I was doing research for my doctorate . They just might have a connection to your killer lizard . Well , at this point , I 'd settle for anything in the way of a lead . Well , let 's see ' em . This is the first scene in a deerhide painting I was shown . Not many people have seen it . It 's something like four hundred years old . What 's happening to the Indian in the painting ? It 's the beginning of the story . He 's being struck by a light that comes down from the sky . Well , what happens to ' em ? See for yourself . Whatever struck him from the sky changed him completely from human form . He became a demon-lizard-monster . Arrows had no effect on him . Well , how 'd they get rid of this demon-lizard ? They didn 't . He died anyway . He was consumed by fire . But where the flames came from , nobody knows . That 's a mystery . And it 's still a mystery , after four hundred years . I know what you 're thinking . It 's only an Indian legend . Part of our tribal culture . I know . It 's fantastic ! But it 's the one thing that ties in with what that fisherman said . He said the camp was attacked by a lizard that walked like a man . Now , I want your help , Mac . Well , we 've got the place to ourselves . They had to close up early on my authority . I hope this proves something . We 'll know in a minute . I never thought I 'd see the day when I 'd try to solve a case with an Indian superstition . We 're just about to find out . Should be somewhere just about ... here . What was that ? I don 't really know . My guess is that there 's some unusual element in this fragment that syncronizes with that larger mass over there . And it produces some kind of energy reaction . You mean this energy or whatever it is can turn a human into a monster ? It 's like in those werewolf tales ? When there 's a full moon in Translyvania ? Oh , Johnny ! I 've known you for a long time , and you 've gotta be kidding . I wish I was kidding , Mac . I 'm not . Now there is an answer , and I think I know what it is . And it makes me sick to think about it . If what you say is true the X-rays , the way the meteorite reacted and your Indian legend ... Then there 's something I 've gotta know for my own peace of mind . It isn 't up to us . He 's right , Paul . Nobody knows what may happen . Let 's find out . How much time do I have ? It 'll be sundown in a half an hour . The moon 'll be up an hour or so after that . Before ... Before anything happens ... I wanna talk to Kathy . I 'm sure that can be arranged . She 's at the reservation . I 'll phone her now . You better give her some idea of what he might have to go through . Just to prepare her . I 'll try . Kathy . I 'd like to talk to you for a moment . Go in here . They had to move Paul to another room . - He 's in there . - Why is he in there ? Why are these policemen here ? We 're not sure what may happen to Paul after the moonrise . In fact , moving him near it was his idea . But surely we - - This is a hospital . We can 't afford to take any chances . The moon has a strong effect on the Earth . Look what it can do to the tides . In Paul 's case , it may trigger a whole set of changes , temporary mutation ... I want to see him . Now . Please ? Nearly sundown now . She shouldn 't be in there much longer . I 'll go get her . Kathy ? Kathy ! Thanks , Johnny . Can I take you home ? No , thank you anyway . No trouble , miss . One o ' my men can take ya home . Thank you , Captain . I 'll be alright . I 'd like to stay here . At the hospital . The moon is up now . I hope you were right . I hope ... I hope we 're wrong . Well , we 'll know in a few minutes . Something 's happening . Oh my God ! Then it 's true ! It was me ! I killed all those people ? It wasn 't your fault , son . They won 't convict you . They won 't even blame you once the people know . Soon you 'll be back to normal , Paul . Do I need these now ? No . Dr. Sutton 's been in touch with NASA about your case . They 're sending one of their top lunar scientists . And one of the finest brain surgeons in the country . See , that part of meteorite you have in the front part of your brain ... It 's causing the problem . When it 's removed , you won 't have a thing to worry about . You can go back to leading your normal life . I 'd like to see Kathy . Please ? Kathy ! Would you fasten your seatbelts , please ? We 'll be landing shortly . When are we due in Albuquerque ? In about twenty minutes . The captain got a message a few minutes ago that you and Dr. Lawrence will be met at the airport . Thank you . May we get off first , please ? We just have some hand luggage . That 's also been arranged . You and Dr. Rizzell are to be given every cooperation . I must admit I was pretty startled last night when I got the call . So was I. I 've never come up against a case anything like it . And I 've had a few unusual ones , I must say . We 've been worried at NASA all through the Apollo program about the possibility that something could cause a mutated life form . Nothing ever happened . Until now . Oh , Paul . This is Dr. Rizzell . How are you , Paul ? I 'm going to be operating on you in just a little while . Glad to see you . What happens now ? We 're going to make another set of X-rays , just to check on the particle . The new set will give us an exact pinpointing of the spot in the left frontal lobe where it is . I thought you should see these right away , doctor . I think we should look at these inside . What 's the matter ? Don 't know . But I 'll try to find out . If you look at the difference in the affected areas ... You 'll notice considerable change , doctor . There 's been a definite growth . From the look of it , I 'd say the particle in that young man 's brain has desintegrated . And energy packets are spreading through his entire system . No question about it . Isn 't there any way of ... well , neutralizing the effect , doctor ? That 's your field , Dr. Lawrence . Isn 't there something that can be done ? We 're dealing with a brand new , unstable element here . One we 've never seen before . We don 't know its characteristics , atomic structure , how it reacts . There 's a chance . There 's always a chance . Eventually , by doing research on the meteorite fragments you showed me ... Well , we might learn how to cure your friend . - But the time ... - You 're saying ... By then , it might be too late . I can 't give you the timing exactly , but more or less what 's going to happen is that the very presence of the moon itself a moonrock of gigantic size , if you will will have a recurring effect on your friend 's mutation every night . Just as the energy emitted by that particle in his brain was triggered by the small moonrock at our exhibit here . Eventually , the diffusion throughout his body will be complete . And at that point , the situation will be atomically unstable . Then , the energy is released all at once . A form of explosion . Exactly . And when it happens , your young friend will be consumed by it . I 've got to talk to you , now ! Let 's go . The demon in the tribal painting . Self-consumed . One Indian mystery solved . Oh , Paul , why couldn 't there be time for us ? There isn 't . And that 's why I 'm going away . Now . If I 'm gonna die , I wanna die looking like a man . Not like a monster . Paul , don 't . I need a few minutes . I 've got to get away from here . Get away where ? I don 't know . But I can 't stand being locked up here again . Will I see you again ? I don 't know . I want you to go back to Dr. Sutton 's office . And if anybody asks where I am ... I want you to tell ' em I 'm on the roof . That 'll keep ' em busy enough for a few minutes . - Long enough for me - - - I won 't do it . Kathy ! Please . Do it for my sake . Do it because we love each other . Oh , Paul ! Why did this have to happen to you ? It did happen . That 's all I know . ... stunts I 've ever seen . Does that kid think he can get away ? He 's not trying to get away . You don 't understand . You just don 't . 'A search has begun to locate a young ... ' Yes , sir . What can I do for you ? I 'd like a small-gauge shotgun and some shells . Well , we have some very nice models , just came in . Very nice guns . I 'll be glad to show ' em to you . ' ... Captain Stuart McCain , authority of the city 's police commissioner . Here 's a description of the man being sought , who 's name is Paul G. Carlson . He is twenty-four years old , Caucasian , about six feet tall , weighing one hundred sixty . - ' Brown hair ... ' - Here 's a nice one . 'Blue eyes , regular features . ' Carlson was last seen in the vicinity of St. Joseph Hospital . He is believed dressed in tan slacks , and a blue sweater . ' We got a report on him . The owner of a gun shop says he tried to buy a shotgun . But left without it . I don 't think he wants it as a weapon . He wants to kill himself . Why , Ms. Nolan ? Because we overheard what Dr. Lawrence said in the other office . That 's why . You might be wrong , Mac . He 's on a motorcycle . If he wanted to kill himself - - No , no . Crashes don 't always kill people . He knows that . No , he 'd try to find some way that was fast and foolproof . If only we had some kinda lead on ' em ! Anything ! 'Yeah , I like to come up here at night . It 's one of my favorite places on Earth . ' 'It 's always so peaceful . ' 'So quiet . ' I can 't stand this waiting around . I think it would be better if I went back to the reservation , don 't you ? I guess so . How will you get back ? I borrowed Budd 's car . I 'll phone you if we hear anything . They found the motorcycle . - Where ? - Up in State Road 44 . He took a spill . The bike is a wreck . They thought he 'd walk away alright . They couldn 't find ' em anywhere around the area . That road leads up to Sandia Crest . Of course , that 's gotta be it ! Over the years , I got to know Paul pretty well . The one place he went to when he was troubled ... The one place where he felt free was Sandia Crest ! Right , Pete . Get to Sandia Crest . And listen ... I want ' em captured . But no gun play . Unless it 's absolutely necessary . Oh , Paul . Oh , Paul . For a minute I thought you were ... Paul ... I know what you intend to do . But you mustn 't . Please , you can 't . Kathy ... I don 't know how you found me . But you 've gotta leave now . No , Paul . I wanna be with you . You can 't stay ! The sun 's going down . It 'll be night soon . If I don 't reach the crest before the moon comes ... You can 't stay ! Then it 'll be too late for the both of us . No , sir . But we 'll keep checkin ' the area . You stay put . We 'll check downhill . If anything happens , call me fast . Yes , sir . Paul ! Paul , help me ! Paul ! Paul , please ! Help me , Paul ! Please , help me ! Help me ! Oh , Paul ! Paul ! Paul , help me . Paul ... Please , Paul . My foot is caught . Help me . Paul , help me ! Please ! Please . Kathy ! What happened ? Where is he ? He got away . Two more men dead . Oh , God ! It 's too late , though . Not now . He 's gotta be stopped ! Before there 's any more killing ! Are you gonna try and stop it with a bow and arrow ? Not with just any arrow , Mac . I 'm going to use this . That looks like a piece of meteor Paul had . It is . I 've fashioned an arrowhead out of it . What 're you going to do ? Johnny , tell me ! We 're fighting something we barely understand , Kathy . The changes that a particle of a matter from outer space has made in a human being . That 's why I 'm doing this . If a particle can generate all that energy a larger piece from the same element might speed up the energy processes . Dr. Lawrence , Paul and I heard you in the hospital . You said Paul would become atomically unstable . - That he would - - - It was always inevitable . This way , it may happen a little sooner , that 's all . Johnny , you can 't do it ! - He 's your friend ! Paul - - - Paul is not Paul anymore ! You 've seen it , Kathy . He 's not as you and I know him . Paul is gone . What you see in his place is nothing we know . Nothing human . That poor kid . She 's had a rough time .
