 baby . Tommy baby Jody Reg How 's it goin ' ? Tommy 's gone It 's a hell of a way to end the trio It 's hard to believe Killed himself I 'm gonna go visit somebody I 'll catch you inside Yeah sir ! Okay sir It was a good idea not to let your little brother come to the funeral and see Tommy like this Yeah After Mom and Dad 's funeral he had nightmares for weeks And forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors but deliver us from evil I don 't like this place say good-bye to Tommy Let 's just get the hell out of here Michael Hi Is your grandmother home ? Sure Come in Michael has returned and wishes to speak with you Grandmother is pleased you 've come and wants to know what 's bothering you Tell her that I She can hear you Oh Yeah It 's Jody again I found out that he 's leaving I think it 's one of these headers in here Toby Hey What brings you back ? Tommy sure man They give me the creeps I just wanted to tell you I heard about your folks I 'm really sorry man In two years I guess you can just about get over anything I hear you been out on the road Yeah you know I 'd think after all that action this town would drive you nuts You 're damn right Now that the kid 's 13 I 'm thinking of sending him off to live with his aunt he sure ain 't gonna like it he follows me everywhere It 's like he knows I 'm gonna leave He 's a tough little kid I love him I 'm gonna miss him Grandmother has told you before not to worry he 'll take you with him I hope she 's right She always is There 's something else I 'm really scared about something that I did I was messing around up at Morningside Cemetery and I saw something something really scary Grandmother wants to play a little game Wow ! How 'd you do that ? Put your hand in the box What 's in it ? Just put your hand in the black box but what 's in it ? this thing really hurts Michael I can 't get my hand out ! Don 't fear Give me back my hand ! Don 't fear It was simply a reflection Fear is the killer That 's what Grandmother wants you to learn that really hurt It was all in your mind Yeah Come and visit us again soon Yeah Reg Writing a new tune ? Working on it I 'm just sittin ' here at midnight And I 'll be sittin ' here till noon my lady left me lonely she did My baby left me blue you know How you doin ' ? let 's see It 's just right up the street This is isn 't it ? No It 's exciting What 's the only thing to do in this town ? it 's something that Wow What the heck ? Wait here It 's my little brother I think he 's got some kind of a problem Mike ! man ? There 's something up there I know it I saw it ! What ? I was following you guys but it 's out there and it 's gonna get me What 's out there ? I don 't know ! It was little and brown and low to the ground It 's probably just a gopher in heat It wasn 't any gopher ! anyway ? you idiot ! Did you hear that ? It 's only the wind You 'd better go get her before it gets her man ? I tell you what You go on home I 'll talk to you when I get back You sure you 're gonna be okay ? Get out of here Did that chick I left with last night ever come back in here ? What happened ? You get ahold of something you couldn 't handle ? I guess We were messin ' around out there at Morningside At the funeral parlor ? Cemetery Jody ? Is that you ? man ! but these things were here in the garage and they were gonna get me Give me a break They were jumpin ' on the car and making these weird sounds Sure it wasn 't that retarded kid Timmy up the street ? it was the same thing that chased me last night ! What are we gonna do ? man shit I gotta talk to you And it 's in that box ? Y ep Okay I believe you Jesus What 's going on up there ? there 's something I didn 't tell you with your binoculars and after everybody had left that tall man picked up Tommy 's coffin all by himself put it in the hearse and drove off You 're crazy I helped carry that sucker myself It must have weighed over 500 pounds I can 't figure this thing out But I do know one thing something weird is going on up there We 're going for the sheriff Go get your evidence All right That 's funny Jody ! The garbage disposal ! Come on You ready ? Go ! Would you look at that guys Thought I 'd see what was going on before the kids got out of summer school you wanna ride along with me today ? and the ice cream 's gonna be flying fast and furious Remember how good you were at crowd control last time What 's going on here ? What the hell is going on ? Here You keep that you don 't aim a gun at a man unless you intend to shoot him And you don 't shoot a man unless you intend to kill him Mike Hey You listenin ' to me ? No warning shots Warning shots are bullshit or you don 't shoot at all You 'll be safe here Just lock all the doors and windows And don 't follow me You sure you 're gonna be okay with that ? I 'm just gonna go up there and take a look around Nobody 's gonna see me a Colt army issue will put a man down and keep him there Remember that broken basement window around by the side And be careful who 's in there ? Mike ? Damn door latch Get in Uh-oh Here it comes There 's nobody driving that mother ! The pump 's in the back seat slow down and let him ride right up on our ass There was nobody There was nobody driving ! I 'm gonna get that bastard ! Jesus ! speed up I 'm gonna put a few in the engine Okay Holy shit ! It 's one of those dwarfs It went right through it Tommy ! Reggie We got one of ' em in the groves All right Reg ? Bring your truck Holy Jesus You didn 't tell me the dwarf was Tommy we buried him on Monday and look what they did to him He 's only three feet long He must still weigh 200 pounds What 's all this yellow shit coming out of his head ? Careful Get him in there Better padlock it Y eah is he ? Nah We 'll see you back at the house Right Hey ! You boys back yet ? Myrtle You almost gave me a coronary But I just can 't figure out why Why they 're taking these bodies and crushing ' em down to half size Crushing ' em What about Mom and Dad ? They 're up there too just forget about that Okay I see it all now What we gotta do is snag that tall dude and stomp the shit out of him and we 'll find out what the hell is going on up there We 'll lay that sucker out flat and drive a stake through his goddamn heart ! man That mother 's strong hold on I want Mike out of here you take him over to Sally 's the antique store He 'll be safe there Then hustle on back no arguments Jody sure sounded strange on the phone I hope he 's feeling okay did you see these new settings ? these are nice I think I 'm gonna lock up I 've got a bed made up for you in back You have to take me home But why ? No questions You must take me home my God Pull over Stay in the car and don 't get out I 'll be right back wait a minute Is that Reggie 's truck ? quick ! what is going on ? Just get me home ! What the hell 's that ? shit Get out of here Don 't open it ! They got Sally and Susie What ? Up at Morningside And Reggie too You better get on up to your room I 'm going with you I 'm not letting you go by yourself goddamn it ! are ya ? you goddamn bastard ! Don 't leave me alone ! Open the damn door ! I 've been waiting for you He has to be in there Daddy but we had to my God Jody ? Yeah ? I opened up his Forget it Come on There 's this door down here and I 'll bet there 's something behind it Let 's take a look then that 's the door I don 't know Hey ! guys Reg You ain 't dead and I ain 't three foot two yet either I don 't know I been hidin ' in a casket playin ' like a stiff But I did find the girls I found Sally and Sue and a couple of other girls that I never even saw before Were they dead ? No I snuck ' em out a window They took off through the bushes like scared rabbits All right my friend man Jesus Dwarfs Reggie Look at this Don 't fear Wow Jesus God I just grabbed him there Slaves What ? Slaves They 're usin ' ' em for slaves The dwarfs And they got to crush ' em 'cause of the gravity And the heat And this is the door to their planet Yeah And these guys are all ready to go Yeah Okay Stay together Wait a sec I think I got a lighter Quick Light it up Over here Follow me Where are ya ? shit where are ya ? where are ya ? where are ya ? come on We gotta find Reggie We gotta find Reggie It 's Reggie ! We gotta help him ! No You can 't help him He 's dead There 's an old mine shaft way down by the by the end of Singer 's Creek A thousand feet straight down We just got to figure out a way to get him up there What are we gonna do without Reggie ? Reggie 's the last he 'll ever get 'cause we 're gonna run that tall bastard straight down to hell you go in and try and find some more ammo I 'm gonna haul ass over there and get rid of that warning barrier around the mine shaft and camouflage it and stay in there I 'll be right back Boy ! boy but the game is finished Now you die ! Don 't fear Don 't fear I hear the sounds I know those rocks aren 't gonna hold him Not for long you had a dream Just a nightmare What do you expect ? You 've hardly slept since the funeral last week I know those rocks aren 't gonna hold him First he took Mom and Dad Then he took Jody Now he 's after me that tall man of yours did not take Jody away Jody died in a car wreck You had a bad dream I know you 're scared but you 're not alone I 'll take care of you I know I can 't ever take Jody 's place but I 'm sure as hell gonna try Seemed so real partner what we need is a change of scenery Why don 't you and me hit the road for a couple of weeks ? Where will we go ? I don 't know I guess we can figure that one out when we get there Okay Get on upstairs Get your gear together 'cause we leave when the sun comes up Boy ! Subtitles ßy MühàmmáÐ Ü § mâñ
