 The Starship Marco Polo - one of the international space administrations interstellar research ships On its way back from accomplished missions on the planet Rossum Rossum orbits around Barnards star which is located about 5.9 light years from earth in the constellation Ophiuchus The starship accelerates to hyperspeed travel In this phase , control is entierly in the hands of the ships central computer Due to the long travel time , the crew is in supervised hibernation The section for films presents : Elis - Maintainer of the eco-systems Leda - Physisist / machine operator Gaia - Biologist maintaining the bio-systems Akeron - Maintainer of the computer systems Jason - Sociologist / Linguist The Stowaway Science fiction story by Bing and Bringsværd Directed by Stein-Roger Bull Part I : The Starship Marco Polo Good morning , good morning Yeah right . Did you sleep well ? No , I 'll never get used to this It 's like the my head lags Artef , good morning Good morning . 09 : 32 : 45 . DAY : 113 Status function group 1 Check posistion , trajectory , velocity Main functions checked . Status green Status energy group 1 A to X supply How many light days have passed since we left Rossum ? Just over a week On an empty stomach ... Yeah , yeah . There are already women on their way to the kitchen There 'll be enough time to eat We 're still far from station Nexus And we have not much else to do but eat and sleep Easy for you to say . You 've practically done your part when you have put us on the right course Prioritized control group checked Green all over Roger that Yet another bullseye Jason Marco Polo will safely take you back to station Nexus A machine operator is a man that ... It 's a janitor with a PhD while I on the other hand ... I have to process god knows how many video recordings The planet Rossum , the colony , language group , social structures etc - Good morning - Good morning Elis The two of you had better check something else besides eachother soon - Grumpy this morning Jason ? - Me ? Hah ! So , feels good to get home Jason ? You haven 't had it so bad during this trip , eh ? Young happiness in space Thank you for that That 's strange Wow some malfunction in the surveilance I see , only pictures from the sea-section Please come to the control section at once Come to the control section at once This is the recording from the storage room I don 't believe it - A stowaway ! ? - That 's what it looks like Maybe it 's a ghost - And where is it now ? - Well , that we can quickly find out The computer can register how many people there are aboard and where they are There we have the picture But there are only five Maybe your ghost theory wasn 't so silly after all He has to be aboard What about the storage room ? - If only I understood how ... - But we saw it Leda . It 's that dust ... No , no sign of other beings besides us aboard - Strange . If there are other living beings aboard ... - We know there are Akeron - Well , then the computer has to know - We have to check out the storage room ! What about the machine room ? After all , it has plenty of places a stowaway can hide I 'm more interested in getting an analysis of the dust Gaia , only living beings can be registered Exactly , for all we know , he could be lying dead on the other side of this door Shouldn 't we have something to defend ourselves with ? What would that be ? The weapons we have aren 't exactly for indoor use We have to get this over with We should have had infrared sensors in the machine room as well Access denied Jason You know the rules . No one ever thought humans would reside down there That 's exactly why . It 's the perfect hiding place for a stowaway No one has been here Are you sure ? As sure as I can be . The programs seems to be in order I was worried the stowaway could enter a password and send us all straight to hell Akeron , check out the radar . Huge object in our trajectory It 's ... I discovered an object inside the shock field What 's going on ? We are not following the locked trajectory We were promised it would be completely free of hindrances That 's why we have the schock field Fucking bureaucrats at Nexus . As if they give a damn We 're receiveing the picture It made it Look ! Meteorite my ass A spaceship ? It 's not from earth There has to be a connection It 's impossible to get contact . No signs of life aboard I thought it was an attempt at attacking us It would have had to been a suicide squad We discover a stowaway aboard and at the same time a foreign spaceship appears It 's clear there has to be a connection I 'm more worried about what will happend when we arrive If we brake during light speed travel , with that wreck in front of us ... I agree with Jason . There has to be a connection - We can 't solve everything at once - Well , you have to Akeron Let 's first get rid of that foreign spaceship - But how ? - Later we can take care of the stowaway - But it 's a spaceship Akeron - I could care less if it was a planet . It 's blocking us - Are you suggesting that we blow up the ship ? - Yes indeed - Before we have explored it ? - That ship has to go We must share the tasks among us We need to check out that ship before we do anything with it . We have the time Time ? To do something about that spaceship , yes . But we need to hurry to find the stowaway What are you doing ? - The dust - You mean you found something ? - Yes - What did you find ? That 's what I want to find out and since we only need two people here , I suggest you continue to search other places Ok Madame Curie . Come on Elis Leda , the ship will have to wait Elis ? Cassius Find anything ? Well , maybe . It just seems so improbable Improbable ? Inbelievable It 's mostly common floor dust - But I find other stuff as well - Like what ? Some undeterminable molecules Well , maybe not so undeterminable , they are common enough Almost too common Some sort of building block molecules Molecules that can be used for anything Organical of course Cassius There we have the little escape artist Cassius have just played the part of the stowaway - I 'm sorry , but I forgot to ... - To close the cabin door Cassius ! Come here ! Little Cassius didn 't scare you , did he ? - Did you find anything ? - No What would a stowaway onboard Marco Polo ? - Don 't we have find him first ? - Sure , but what are we looking for ? We don 't even know what it is At first it was some kind of dust then it turned into some sort of human For all we know it can transform itself into something completely different ... as well The spacestation report Gaia , we have been waiting - Where is the routine report ? - We are having some problems Everything seems to go according to plan Well , we have ... we think we have a stowaway - An inhabitant of the planet Rossum ? - We don 't know Don 't know ? Does that mean you haven 't found him ... ... or her ? We don 't know where to look You could for example start by looking aboard We 're doing as best we can That is apparently not good enough - There are also ... - I await a thorough report Fucking office wanker Food ! If you have the time Oh well Elis . Food we need in any case - Setting for five or six ? - Six ? The poor stowaway . Surely he needs some food as well ? That might be a good idea Try to lure him with french bread and soft boiled eggs - Aren 't you funny - What do you want us to do then ? You 're not eating Leda ? I 'll just fetch something from my quarters Honestly Jason , we have searched every single room on the entire ship , and still we haven 't found him What shall we do now ? Now , we 'll eat breakfast and later we 'll talk about that - Food , food , food . Do you ever think about anything else ? - It happens And that was egg number eight ? I 'm starting to get fed up with boiled eggs I 'd really like some fried eggs and bacon - The next time we 'll bring a farm - a piglet will do just fine - Who has used the garbage disposer ? - The garbage disposer ? Look , it 's fully opened Someone must have thrown something in it after we left Rossum Quite a lot by the looks of it Let me have a look Shit ! That 's a lot hydrogen ... oxygen ... carbon ... sodium He has commited suicide The stowaway ? A human being has been disposed in the garbage ? Yes , a human being Exactly like us Oh my god ! Exactly like us ... but the stowaway weren 't a human being - He was a biomate - A biomate ? What 's that ? An artificial human constructed by programmed molecules The dust was in reality tiny organical building blocks Programmed , by who we do not know , to form a human A human , exactly like us A ... a biological computer ? I 've never heard about that before It 's an old idea . Older than the robot But I 've never heard they have made anything but primitive organisms Never a human being But how can you know this for sure Gaia ? The analysis of the dust was quite clear There are no other explanations And now he 's dead ? I don 't understand what he was doing aboard this ship - And first he broke five cameras - Like a berserker What on earth was he doing in the control section ? When he moments later was to jump into that thing there - Something is not quite right - Correct - You can 't do it by yourself - What ? It 's physically impossible to dispose of oneself through that disposer you 'd be long dead before you 're halfway through Watch The disposer must have been supervised until the process was over Someone must have been at the panel pushing the button You mean one of us have ... But that 's impossible We were all in hibernation . And no one awakes before the others There is one other explanation No , that 's just too fantastic But it 's the only logical explanation The biomate killed one of us ? Disposed of one of us through the garbage disposer ? And taken the victims place But we 're all ourselves and ... - He couldn 't have ... - How can you be so sure it 's a he ? A biomate can 't be that similar to us I agree with Gaia , it 's the only logical explanation So it wasn 't the biomate but one of us who passed through the disposer So that 's why he broke the cameras ? He was afraid he 'd be recognized So , who is it Who among us ? Where is Leda ? She went out Marco Polo calling Leda , Marco Polo calling Leda Leda , come in LEDA ! Come in ! I can 't reach her She must have turned the radio off Damned Leda Before we have taken a single sample The ship might be dangerous ! Maybe she knows what she 's going to ? You mean ... Leda ? - She has entered the ship - I 'm now entering the foreign ship - Leda ? Do you read ? - I 'm acting on my own responsibility ... - Leda ! Come in ! - ... and against the rules I will not answer any calls but I will report everything I see There is a vacum in the ship It looks as if someone has opened the gate on purpose I can see beings in spacesuits Everything is different They have been dead for a long time At least ... At least for more than a hundred years There are no apparent clues as to where the ship is from Nor are there any clues as to what has happened here Since the inner airlock was open it can almost look like ... Can the explanation be suicide ? I can move naturally in here Possibly have the same gravitational force occured here as on the Marco Polo The writings on one of the panels reminds me of reversed gothic letters There is no doubt in my mind that this is .. ... a starship Judging from the equipment it 's only ment to be used within a single solar system The section for films have presented : The Stowaway by Bing and Bringsværd And the dog Cassius Narrator : Erik Tandberg Music : Egil Monn-Iversen Produser : Egil Monn-Iversen Director : Stein-Roger Bull The Starship Marco Polo - one of the international space administrations interstellar research ships On its way back from accomplished missions on the planet Rossum Rossum orbits around Barnards star which is located about 5.9 light years from earth in the constellation Ophiuchus The starship accelerates to hyperspeed travel In this phase , control is entierly in the hands of the ships central computer Due to the long travel time , the crew is in supervised hibernation Suddenly the suveylance monitors malfunctions The cause of the malfunction is discovered shortly after wake-up and it turns out to be due to a faulty camera Going through recordings from the hibernation period the crew discovers that a humanoid creature had materialized in the storage room I refuse to believe it - A Stowaway ? - Looks like it The search for the stowaway is at first attempt fruitless and is interrupted by a violent shaking aboard the Marco Polo A foreign object impacts against the force field around the star ship We were promised the trajectory would be completely free of hindrances Look ! Meteorite my ass A spaceship ? What will they do about the foreign spaceship ? - Are you suggestion that we blow up the ship ? - Yes indeed - Before we have explored it ? - That ship has to go Who has used the garbage disposer ? Jason discovers the garbage disposer has been used during hibernation By comparing the trashed contents with Gaias finding of organical molecules in the storage room it becomes clear that there is a biomate aboard the ship A biomate ? What 's that ? It 's an artificial human constructed by programmed molecules The biomate has killed one of the crew forced the body through the garbage disposer , and taken the victims place So , who is it Who among us ? Leda is unaware of these findings She goes over to the foreign ship by herself She finds the inner airlock to be open close to the entrace she finds one of the three crew members The spaceman holds a medallion in his hand which Leda brings back And this is how the last episode ended ... a starship Judging from the equipment it 's only ment to be used within a single solar system The section for films presents : Elis - Maintainer of the eco-systems Leda - Physisist / machine operator Gaia - Biologist maintaining the bio-systems Akeron - Maintainer of the computer systems Jason - Sociologist / Linguist The Stowaway Science fiction story by Bing and Bringsværd Directed by Stein-Roger Bull Part II : The foreign ship No doubt It 's the same dust So it wasn 't suicide after all It 's old . It has lost some of its abilities but there 's no mistake about it The spacesuit has once upon a time contained a biomate So they had their stowaway too Lunch everybody ! Akeron , take care of Nexus Gaia , come - We have to go back - But who 'll we send ? I don 't mind When you left , we didn 't know one of us had been replaced by a biomate Now we know , that one of us is a murderer We can 't risk it that he or ... her We can no longer trust eachother Leda And what precautions have you taken ? We have guards here in the control section always two together . No one may be in here alone - What about the machine room ? - What were we supposed to do ? We 're only five - You have of course sealed the code ? - Of course ! We 're concentrating on the control section The biomate must have a reason to be here And if its intentions are to destroy the ship or ... Og hvis det har til hensik å ødelegge skipet eller hurt us in any way , it 's here that we are the most vulnerable We at station Nexus agree with that assessment And as long as you don 't know who among you are the biomate you of course always have to be at least two in the control section And I repeat : No one enters the foreign ship Right , not until we know who was murdered Untill we know that you know Smart ass The results for each and every one of us is in accordance with the information the computer has about us - Bloodtype , fingerprint ... - Did you remember to check yourself ? All the tests were indentical Neither X-ray nor any other medical tests shows any differences But how ? Of course It 's completely pointless checking up against the computer What else should I have done ? The biomate is also a kind of computer Even though it is organic And ? So what ? Well , it has of course drained our computer for all available information about the victim It knows every minor detail It can imitate more than just appearance , bloodtype , fingerprint and so on It know as much about the victims personal background as the computer That 's quite a bit Intelligence , knowledge level , family background , inhibitions Not just a doppelgänger then A true copy I 'm scared Akeron We have no choice There 's something aboard . Something that wants to hurt us - If only I knew who - If only it had been a who , but it 's not It 's something , a thing , disguised as a human , as one of us Right , and this " something " sits out there and eats lunch How can I know it 's not you ? You can 't Elis No , the only thing I know , is that it isn 't me And the only thing I know , is that it isn 't me But even if it had been you , you 'd still say that Yes , and so would you We must not let this come between us Akeron If so we wouldn 't be much better than machines ourselves If only I understood its intentions What does it want from us ? This is a typical scene from the planet Rossum First , notice the red atmoshere which is characteristic for Rossum We gave this village the designation K-74 And we stayed closed by it for close to a week Notice the houses and the architecture It resembles European rural architecture from the 16th and 17th century Notice also that all necessary machinery have been properly disguised Cut to farm T-322 outside of K-74 Again , note that we don 't see any machines Except for the natives themselves Excuse me Gaia Leda ? Any thoughts regarding the proto-molecules ? I 'm currently going through all available material Did you find anything ? I think I understand what it 's all about insanely complex carbon molecules Programmed to assemble and change It 's unbelievable So there exists someone with the ability to build a human We 're facing a civilisation with far superior knowledge about biology than us And who would have thought that ? About the natives on Rossum Robots The natives are robots ingeniously contructed . They look like humans The head is what reveals them Most metal parts are covered by clothes Which by the way should have been completely unnecessary Notice the hands They are covered by an artificial fabric with the same texture as skin An amazing paradox Efficient machines on top of a primitive agriculture Jason ? Yeah ? Can you come to the library ? Gaia has a proposition On my way Please sit What 's this about ? I propose that we let the computer continuously surveil our body functions Still not done with medical examinations ? I thought we had agreed they are pointless Maybe . But it 's the only thing I can think of , and by the way ... We think that a simple medical examination might not be enough - So that 's what you think ? - Yes We thought the biomate might be able to mimic a human being the short time during a medical examination But that it will give itself away if surveiled 24 hours a day by the computer What 's this ? My proposal is : That we insert small radio transmitters under the skin The computer will the be able to keep track of us at all time and maybe reveal who among us are the biomate Gaia is right Jason - And you want me to agree to this ? - You have no choice I don 't trust any of you . I trust only myself Come on Jason How can we know that these transmitters is what Gaia claims them to be ? It 's her proposal . You really want me to trust her ? - I 'll wear a transmitter too - Sure , but only you know how to insert them Have you considered the meaning of this ? How can we know that Gaia wouldn 't kill us all ? Jason ! It 's just a proposal And we 're not all technologically challenged Leda , what would you have done if you were the biomate ? The crew know about your presence and try to reveal you . What would you have done ? You would of course start a witch-hunt yourself in an attempt to distract attention from yourself , right ? And if suspicion should fall on somebody else , that 'd be in your favour right ? Excuse me , but I 'm not going to help create scapegoats We 're getting nowhere like this . Rather we have to try to understand why the biomate have snuck aboard - Are you leaving ? - Going back to the recordings I think the solution will be found there The rest of us agree , right ? Who want to go first ? Akeron ? I think that , despite the primitive first impression that a far more complex civilisation hides under the surface The robots are after all machines , dependent upon advanced technology Based on among other things advanced computers This is one of the places we were denied access I believe that this has to be the entrance to on of the subterranian laboratories Conclusion : Why is it important to the robots to hide the machines and portray themselves as primitive farmers ? For whom is this charade acted out ? I believe the solution to our prolem aboard Marco Polo will be found in these recordings from the planet Rossum Do you think it will work ? We have to try everything I 'm just happy we have eachother Do we ? You know what I mean If only we can trust eachother we might together reveal who the biomate is And why do you think that 'll be any easier ? Well , you know what 'll happen ? We 'll start to keep an eye on eachother After a couple of days , the tension will be so high that anything will make one ... What do you think Jason ? Jason ? I don 't know That is what 's horrible about it We know absolutely nothing Heart beats , brain activity . Everything looks normal It 's not hard to tell what normal activities Akeron and Elis is busy doing Not that that is hard to simulate A few push-ups , some fast breathing , rapid pulse If the biomate can mimic everything else , then simulating that is a piece of cake Robots ... Everywhere we went , We met nothing but robots The planet Rossum represents a complete and normal ecological system A system in particularily good balance Animals , plants , fish , birds . Normal animal and plant life on all levels Only on one level do we find abnormal life , on the human level " Human " in quotes Since all the beings on this level are robots Shit But robots don 't create themselves At least not in the outset Who ? What creatures was it that created them ? We 're receiving a signal from station Nexus Please report to the control section immediately We 're receiving a signal from station Nexus Please report to the control section immediately He sais he 's look for a solution in these recordings Who knows if he 's not doing the exact opposite ? Don 't focus too much on Jason Perhaps he 's checking that we haven 't captured something we 're not supposed to Just because he refused to wear the transmitter ? Sure , he might be deleting all information and erasing all tracks as we speak What about Gaia and Leda ? Nothing pleasant to say about them ? We also agree on the preliminary conclusions you have reached But we seems we have reached somewhat diverting conclusions Let me go over the reasoning from the start The threat - yes we agree there is a threat Is probably not directed against the starship Marco Polo only The bureaucrat is thinking The threat is also directed against us . Against station Nexus Most probably the biomate is an agent from the planet Rossum Which in this way will erase all information , not only aboard Marco Polo but also everything that is registered her on station Nexus The planet apparently wishes , for unknown reasons , not to be discovered - But it is discovered - But only by us Station Nexus has no connection with earth We are completely isolated until we reach back to control sector M Should both you and we be destroyed , all information and I repeat , all information about the planet will be lost But there was no sign of hostile activities when we were on Rossum Right , they might have been a bit reserved , but not directly hostile Nonetheless , our decision are final We have taken steps to protect station Nexus We can not allow any member of Marco Polo to enter the station untill the biomate have been found and incapacitated But we 're on a locked trajectory We 'll reach Nexus in about 20 hours Only if the biomate is found If not , we see no other possibility but to destroy the ship We won 't accept that . We refuse to volunteer to blow up Marco Polo You won 't have to We have already fired a missile on collision course with you What the hell are you thinking ? It 's like a death sentence You have a time limit of 18 hours The missile can at any time be defused before the time limit But we 'll only do that if the biomate is found You can do this to us I 'm sorry But concern for station Nexus has to come first Regarding the foreign spaceship ; we order you to destroy it - You want us to blow up the foreign ship ? - That 's our assessment Before we know what 's aboard ? I 'm sorry But concern for station nexus has to come first I 'm not going to take this They 've had the exact same problem as we aboard the foreign spaceship Gaia has even proved one of them had been replaced by a biomate Right , even though they didn 't solve the problem , the solution might still be aboard that ship - It might be suicide to go over there Jason - It 's suicide not going over there Who said anything about going over there ? We haven 't even taken a closer look at what we have Well , there 's not much to look closer at A dusty finger and an old ornament Stop ! We don 't know what killed them . That box might be full of virus It 's of no importance now . It 's too late to be careful Careful Is it empty ? A hologram A highway entrance to a city The red atmosphere Don 't you recognize it ? It must me some sort of souvernir , a proof you 've been a certain place Exactly . And we 've been there too . Can 't you see it , the pictures are from Rossum There were no such cities on Rossum The section for films have presented : The Stowaway by Bing and Bringsværd And the dog Cassius Narrator : Erik Tandberg Music : Egil Monn-Iversen Produser : Egil Monn-Iversen Director : Stein-Roger Bull The Starship Marco Polo - one of the international space administrations interstellar research ships On its way back from accomplished missions on the planet Rossum Rossum orbits around Barnards star which is located about 5.9 light years from earth in the constellation Ophiuchus The starship accelerates to hyperspeed travel In this phase , control is entierly in the hands of the ships central computer Due to the long travel time , the crew is in supervised hibernation Suddenly the suveylance monitors malfunctions The cause of the malfunction is discovered shortly after wake-up and it turns out to be due to a faulty camera Going through recordings from the hibernation period the crew discovers that a humanoid creature had materialized in the storage room I refuse to believe it - A Stowaway ? - Looks like it The search for the stowaway is at first attempt fruitless and is interrupted by a violent shaking aboard the Marco Polo A foreign object impacts against the force field around the star ship We were promised the trajectory would be completely free of hindrances Look ! - Meteorite my ass - A spaceship ? What will they do about the foreign spaceship ? - Are you suggestion that we blow up the ship ? - Yes indeed - Before we have explored it ? - That ship has to go Who has used the garbage disposer ? Jason discovers the garbage disposer has been used during hibernation By comparing the trashed contents with Gaias finding of organical molecules in the storage room it becomes clear that there is a biomate aboard the ship A biomate ? What 's that ? It 's an artificial human constructed by programmed molecules The biomate has killed one of the crew forced the body through the garbage disposer , and taken the victims place So , who is it Who among us ? Leda is unaware of these findings She goes over to the foreign ship by herself She finds the inner airlock to be open close to the entrace she finds one of the three crew members The spaceman holds a medallion in his hand which Leda brings back She also brings back a torn off finger of a glove No doubt It 's the same dust The relationships between the crew members becomes constrained We can no longer trust eachother Leda Gaia proposes they insert radio transmitters under the skin so they may be monitored at all times Everyone except Jason accepts Heart beats , brain activity . Everything looks normal Jason goes through the recordings from Rossum Can the solution be found there ? Again , note that we don 't see any machines Except for the natives themselves Only on one level do we find abnormal life , on the human level " Human " in quotes Since all the beings on this level are robots The people on the space station Nexus have assessed the stowaway to be a threat also against them We can not allow any member of Marco Polo to enter the station untill the biomate have been found and incapacitated But we 're on a locked trajectory We 'll reach Nexus in about 20 hours Only if the biomate is found If not , we see no other possibility but to destroy the ship The crew are given a time limit of 18 hours A missile has been fired , but it may be defused at any time before the time limit as long as they figure out who is the biomate And this is how the last episode ended I 'm not going to take this They 've had the exact same problem as we aboard the foreign spaceship Gaia has even proved one of them had been replaced by a biomate Right , even though they didn 't solve the problem , the solution might still be aboard that ship - It might be suicide to go over there Jason - It 's suicide not going over there Who said anything about going over there ? We haven 't even taken a closer look at what we have Well , there 's not much to look closer at A dusty finger and an old ornament Stop ! We don 't know what killed them . That box might be full of virus It 's of no importance now . It 's too late to be careful Careful Is it empty ? A hologram A highway entrance to a city The red atmosphere Don 't you recognize it ? It must me some sort of souvernir , a proof you 've been a certain place Exactly . And we 've been there too . Can 't you see it , the pictures are from Rossum The section for films presents : Elis - Maintainer of the eco-systems Leda - Physisist / machine operator Gaia - Biologist maintaining the bio-systems Akeron - Maintainer of the computer systems Jason - Sociologist / Linguist The Stowaway Science fiction story by Bing and Bringsværd Directed by Stein-Roger Bull Part III : Who among us has been killed ? Shhhh Cassius There 's no doubt , this hologram has to be from Rossum So what ? But there were no signs of industry on Rossum The spaceship came from there , the people too There are no people on Rossum But at some point in time there had to be Cassius , here boy ! This is one of the herds of sheep grassing in the outskirts of village K-74 The reason for keeping sheep is also one of the many paradoxes What does robotos need wool and sheep meat for ? On the other ... what ? But he might be right . We don 't know why the biomate is aboard Maybe the solution is to be found in the recordings Exactly , which is why it is irresponsible of Jason to work with them alone Just because he refused to wear the transmitter ? He don 't have to be the biomate for that reason No , but it doesn 't make it any less probable But one thing we do know We know the biomate would be very interested in destroying those recordings XXX Dette synes å stå i motsetning til de opplysningene vi ellers har The robots deny anyone has made them They claim they have always been there And they have never seen or heard of humans , or creatures like us before But the creature we se here is beyond doubt a human Probably very primitive , but still a human When we comapre this with the paradox ... Gaia ? Quick , come to Jason cabin - You didn 't kill him , did you ? - relax I 've just borrowed on of your syringes Here , go ahead , insert a transmitter in him as well - Against his will ? - I could care less what Jasons wants - I don 't feel comfortable with this - Just do as I say If I hadn 't had you I think I 'd end it myself We 'll always have eachother We can 't just sit around , waiting to be slaughtered like animals Leda thinks it 's Jason as well Are you quite sure it 's Jason ? We can 't prove anything Proof ? You 're require proof in a situation like this ? Are you that certain ? I completely agree We can 't afford being polite to eachother any more Please explain that to the Florence Nigthingale of the universe - She 's always had feelings for Jason - Yeah , who hasn 't - He 's just as normal as the rest of us - To err is human Oh well , At least we know that - We also know one more thing - What ? That we 'll never find the biomate this way It 's a perfect replica of one of us That perfect ... is that at all possible ? There has to be a flaw I 'm thirsty Thanks You got enough to knock out a horse Enough what ? - Tranquilizer - What the fuck ? ! Lay down - I 'm sorry . Leda isn 't exactly a nurse - But why ? The recordings ! What the fuck is this stuff ? - I am sorry . But you need to ... - I bet you 're satified now , right ? Having identified me as the biomate - No , we 're still clueless - You 're wrong Gaia I think I know why What it is they are trying to hide down there The robots What about Gaia ? Is she more suspicious than the rest of us ? Gaia 's the one who inserted the transmitters Sure , but that was only natural Gaia 's the only one who has the expertise to do that Exactly , she 's the only one who can have tampered with them Well , we can see she hasn 't done that Her own for example It 's what Jason was afraid of Not at all . Jason was afraid she 'd make on of us the scapegoat What I 'm afraid of , is that she in this manner have obstructed a more thorough medical examination of herself Gaia , I 'll prove it to you Gaia , we think you are the biomate - Have you gone totally insane out there ? - Shut up Jason We think you 've tampered with your own transmitter so that the computer couldn 't reveal you You don 't have to say anything The computer shows everyone to be normal , but we know one of us is not normal - You 're the only one that may have tampered with them ... - Akeron ! - It 's not like you to be so damned illogical - I 'm sorry Jason , but it 's the only logical thing No it 's not . If Gaia had been the biomate and tampered with her transmitter she 'd tampered with it in such a way that someone else 'd stick out The only thing we know after this is that Gaia probably is not the biomate It 'd never let such an oppertunity pass We 're running out of time , as is the biomate It needs to find a scapegoat If it fails , Marco Polo will be blow up in just a few hours - Its mission is impossible to accomplish - An unsolvable conflict If the biomate don 't reveal itself , Marco Polo will be blown up And if it reveals itself , it will be incapacitated anyway It , more than us , has reasons to feel helpless If there only was something I could do This last recording is from the day we filmed at sector K-141 Watch closely . I have zoomed into the background of the picture . Do you se it ? Without doubt a human Well , now you 've seen examples of the kind of proof I believe to have found in our archive And where does that leave us ? Rossum is a planet ruled by robots My theory is that the robots at first was programmed to restore the ecological balance in nature There are several things pointing to that The care for all living things The unexplainable priority of what we used to call the primary industries agriculture , forestry , domestication Jason , where did the creators of the robots go ? What about all the humans ? If I 'm right , the humans lost control over the robots How exactly that happened is hard to say It might have happened gradually , or a catastrophe , a war or something Anyway , they lost control and the robots continued with what the were programmed for Their task was to remove everything that obstructed restoration of the ecological balance in nature And the robots understood quite correctly that the biggest hindrance was mans own civilisation That 's why they systematically destroyed cities factories , laboratories , all kinds of tools They reduced the humans to naked apes They literally forced man back to nature , to his natural habitat The robots took the place as natures own guardians So the foreign ship may have belonged to humans trying to escape Maybe Anyway , destiny finally caught up with them The robots had managed to smuggle aboard a very particular kind of stowaway Elis ? You 're an ecologist , what do you think about this ? Well , it would certainly explain why we and station Nexus are regarded as enemies by the robots From the robots point of view , we are a threat against the ecological balance on Rossum , and so it 's quite logical for them to want to destroy us too But even if this was the case . How does it help us ? Logical . What do the humans do ? What about the biomate ? If these robots are so primitive . How can they ... They 're machines , right They 're dependent upon a very advanced technology in order to maintain themselves Below the surface , below the grass , there has to be advanced laboratories and factories The surface has to be a glorification Great , just great , now we know why When you know you 're going to die , it doesn 't fucking help alot to know why Elis is right We 're stuck We have to find what seperates the biomate from the rest of us If only we had more time , we might have found it with the help of these monitors We can 't expect the difference to show up immediately , we 're talking about miniscule differences that 'll be noticeable after a longer time period What we need is a situation that looks like a normal situation but which in reality is not A situation where the biomate has to improvise Exactly , we just need to find such a situation . But where 'll we find it ? Improvise . That 's hard enough when you 're aboard a spaceship - I want you now - Now or ... I think ... Here and now ! Here , in the garden we can at least pretend we 're somewhere else It 's good to see some people have found a way to forget that damned timer We 'll probably see their bars rising again Probably They should at least be aware we 're watcing them Are you envious ? They probably don 't give a damn , at least now Elis seems to not give a damn at least But Akeron doesn 't seem to be much aroused Men Akeron er ikke særlig tent He probably need some time It 's him Don 't you understand what this means ? It 's him ! Akeron Please tell him he 's mistaken NO ! There 's no need to restrain me I believe you What mistake did I make ? Everyone knew you and Elis had a relationship I didn 't have a relationship . Akeron did Yeah , but one that you tried to mimic Jason , I 'm not a person . I just simulate a person - We have no choice - But it 's Akeron No , I mean , it 's almost like killing a person we know It 's best for all if you leave me alone In a few seconds I 'll disintegrate I 'm programmed to selfdestruct when I 'm discovered Let 's go ! The state of mind of the biomate revealed it Alone in the room with Elis Not in a public place where everyone could see them A private act in a private place became a private act in a public place The computers archives had no references Improvise ? We at station Nexus acknowledge the problem as solved Welcome We 'll see you soon The section for films have presented : The Stowaway by Bing and Bringsværd And the dog Cassius Narrator : Erik Tandberg Music : Egil Monn-Iversen Produser : Egil Monn-Iversen Director : Stein-Roger Bull
