 1988 , Autumn UN Space Federation , Japanese Branch This is the UN Space Federation , Japanese Branch Requesting transmission from Space Station Terra Space Station Terra , please answer . This is the Japanese Branch , do you read me ? It 's no good The electric wave interference hasn 't lifted Miyoshi ? Miyoshi , is that you ? ! So you survived ! How 've you been ? Glad to see you back . Miyoshi , you look like you 're doing all right . It 's been 2 years , right ? Yes . I finally got some time off . Ah , and Where 's the Chief ? Why 're you even asking that ? You know , he 's very busy with that comet scare going on Ah , Chief . Long time no see Yes , it 's been a while How were things in America ? Well , it was very confusing Shuttle launches were canceled , and the electro-interfere nee wouldn 't stop . I expected so . It 's the same here And about that comet debris , according to the data we 've collected thus far it looks like a fragment dropped off here in Japan . But we still haven 't confirmed it . Take a look at this Oh , Muroi ! What is it , Fuyuki ? - Yo Miyoshi 's come back . Miyoshi , you say ? Yeah . She just called me Coming back without warning , sounds like something he 'd do I see So Miyoshi is back . What 's wrong with you kids ? You 've been acting * strange lately . Miyoshi Well , ya see Fuyuki . Let me tell him Ah , good idea We got engaged Two months ago I see . That 's good news . Congratulations Say , Fuyuki . We 'd better make another toast to wish them luck on their marriage Sure , let 's do it . Miyoshi Are you really happy for us ? Of course I am Thank you , Miyoshi-san Hey , don 't make such a big deal out of it . Good ! Well then , a toast . Good . Muroi , Jun , congratulations Cheers ! Is there a Mr. Miyoshi at this table ? You have a telephone call Oh , thanks Hello . Miyoshi speaking Oh , is that you , Chief ? Yes , I understand . I 'll be there as soon as I can What is it ? The UN Space Federation got a transmission Judging by the transmission from he Head Base , there have been witnesses of UFOs all over America These UFOs are causing a huge panic Let me show you Here , here , here , here , here , here , here . And this place is the worst off . Professor Schmidt and his men are starting a follow-up investigation , but no new developments have been found I 've got a bad feeling about this Judging by this data Chief I think we got a connection to the Space Station Takigawa Yes. sir . This is the Japanese Branch The Japanese Branch Space Station Terra , over . This is the Japanese Branch of the UN Space Federation . Terra , please respond This is the UN Space Federation Japanese Branch , calling Space Station Terra Mikasa , this is Miyoshi . Mikasa , can you hear me ? Mikasa ! That you , Miyoshi ? I 've been sending transmissions for the last 20 hours . Something 's not right . What 's wrong ? Strange electro-waves keep transmitting to Earth from the surface of Venus From Venus ? That 's right . At a frequency of 420 megahertz One would assume it was some sort of transmission , but we can 't crack the code And electro-waves with the same frequency are being shot at Venus from the Earth 's surface Mikasa ! Mikasa ! Do you read me ? Answer me ! Mikasa ! What 's going on ? Miyoshi ! Can you hear me ? This is Space Station Terra Emergency alert ! Emergency alert ! What 's wrong ? ! Mikasa ! Emergency It 's a huge spaceship . A spaceship is approaching the station ! It 's a ship ! It 's a Roman ship ! / It 's big . It 's very big It 's gonna hit us ! He said it was a spaceship . He also said it was a big Roman ship . Chief Put all efforts into this investigation Ummm , send a report to HQ in New York . See that nothing is amiss . Understood ? Yes. sir . I want to see your father right away . Professor Schmidt has told me a lot of your adventures at the UN Space Federation 's HQ Well , have a seat . Excuse me My pupil 's successes are my biggest consolation But you know , Miyoshi I never wanted you to leave Japan There were plenty of opportunities for you to shine in Japan I had Jun to consider too Jun loved you so much it became a handicap . But you left for America And now you 've come back to Japan to see me What do you want ? Professor I 'll be frank , would it be possible to launch the space defense unit . " Gohten " ? If possible , how long would it take ? Gohten was disbanded Yes , but that was three years ago , when there were fears of UFOs invading Earth Exactly . The same time Gohten was disbanded , I left the army . Those members trained under Gohten have been scattered to various other stations Like you , and Muroi , and Mikasa And also Jimmy at NASA . Yes , but Gohten was nearly completed The UN-ordered space defense unit was forcefully disbanded . What was the real reason for this ? It became unimportant . Units that won 't seive Earth have no reason to exist . That 's true , but what if there came a time when Earth was threatened by outside forces again ? Gohten will surely be called upon Are you saying that 's so even now ? yes Is what you 're saying the will of the UN ? Correct . HQ ordered me to come see you to tell you this The comet debris , became landing posts on Earth for the UFOs There 's so much data suggesting this it 's impossible to ignore it . Even the incident at Space Station Terra That only strengthened the hypothesis yes ? Father Professor Matsuzawa is on the phone for you Takigawa speaking . Oh , no , the pleasure is mine What ? Professor Schmidt ... has passed away ? We just received word . I 'm sorry , but it 's true I see Yes . I 'll tell Miyoshi Just as you heard , Professor Schmidt was killed by something when he was in the mountains , investigating the UFO landings What 's wrong ? It 's Professor Schmidt ! Professor Schmidt ? But that 's impossible Hey , Fuyuki , stop ! Father ! Professor Schmidt has come to see you Professor Schmidt , you say ? Yes . I have him waiting in the living room i see . So he survived . yes ! Professor Schmidt . Ah , Takigawa . Longtime no see . You haven 't changed a bit . Well , I 'm surprised . I just received word from Matsuzawa at HQ , telling me you were killed Well , I was the one who spread that rumor . Well , come in Actually , several days ago , i was targeted by some mysterious men i felt my life waslin danger . So I let out the news that I was dead , and came to see you in secret . That must have been a difficult ordeal Do you think they had a connection to the comet debris ? As you suggest I think they are aliens from another planet . I see . ah , no thanks . Thank you What did you wish to talk about ? Gohten I want to reactivate Gohten as quickly as possible I think it 's appropriate that we consider ourselves under attack . The only thing that can stop their invasion is Gohten . You should know that better than anyone else I will not reactivate Gohten You completed everything about Gohten except the final phase Takigawa , we have no time to waste If you refuse , the UN will take over its completion Hand over the plans I can 't hand them to you Why not ? It 's unusual for you to be so apathetic in the face of a catastrophe.No , it 's cruel of you Was it really Professor Schmidt ? yes . He 's speaking with Father now in the living room . that 's a relief . Schmidt . It is because of you that I cannot hand over the plans I suppose you think your disguise is very effective But Professor Schmidt does not hold a lighter with his right hand He 's left-handed Step back . If you refuse to hand over the plans , then I 'll have to take you instead Stand up . Move it . Out of my way ! Do as he says Hearing that the incident was a declaration of war by aliens , the government ordered immediate military action under command of Oishi The defense units were released Those under command of Oishi , upon further investigation , discovered the alien HQ was on Venus Takigawa Masato was then ordered to reactivate Gohten will complete the final phase of Gohten 's creation I want all members to report to our headquarters at once Help me retrieve them Yes sir That includes Jimmy at NASA . Yes . I understand Jun will also participate Not as my daughter but as a specialist . Treat her well I look forward to working with you all Us , too Me. too This is a roster of all the members Please gather them as quickly as possible Yes , sir . * National Defense Squad 's Headquarters * Sir Excluding Captain Takigawa , all members of Gohten have been sent out by submarine I see It would be nice if we can easily infiltrate Gohten 's base Gohten " Construction Site How 're the UN forces doing on the surface ? Well , they have suffered many casualties Jimmy might not be able to make it . Maybe so Ah , Captain , we just got a telegram for Jimmy . If Jimmy comes here , what will you do ? I guess we 'll have to give him the telegram How long until the final phase is completed ? Six days , sir . No , THREE days We must finish in three days Yes , sir . After this pulse circuit is completed , the First Section will be finished Let 's go Ah , Muroi ! Ahhh , Jimmy ! Glad you could make it . Things were getting pretty gloomy around here without your smile You think I 'm gonna let them kill me before I join up with Gohten ? Naw . Is your family well ? Yeah , they 're fine Miyoshi Oh , Miyoshi Oh , Jimmy ! I missed ya . How 've you been ? Fine . Haven 't seen you since our training days at NASA . Huh ? Oh , wow , he 's right . Sir due to interference waves from the enemy , we cannot shoot missiles Our Fourth Unit is completely wiped out ! Hasn 't ... hasn 't Gohten been initiated yet ? It 'll be another two days That is , only if Gohten 's base isn 't destroyed before then The Main Engine Control System has been completed Alligun turrets completed Rocket Control Room ready for use Good work , company . We will depart right away . Report to your stations Yes , sir . It 's the enemy ! Freeze ! Freeze ! You bastards Have you gone mad ? ! Hand over Takigawa If you fail to hand him over you will all die All units on your stations . Prepare to attack ! Start the Main Engine Starting Main Engine Start the Main Drill Starting the Main Drill Launch the Head Laser Beam ! Gohten has lifted off . Rise to an elevation of 3800 Prepare explosives for launching Shoot ! Sir the enemy forces above Tokyo have moved southward The same with America There is presently not a city in the entire world under attack . I see . So all the enemy 's spacecraft have headed towards Gohten All right ! This is Gohten , Takigawa speaking This is Oishi . I 'm Matsuzawa We smashed the enemy rockets We 'll head for Venus now . Rogår . Takigawa , we pray for your success Attention all units , Gohten will soon leave Earth and head for the enemy base on Venus I am going to need strong commitment from each one of you Put on your Anti-G Belts Ignite the Main Rocket . Our current elevation is 200 km Now preparing to burst through the atmosphere Switch on the Gravity System We will now leave the Earth 's orbit . Ignite the Ion Rocket . Turn on the Venus orbital controls We will now fly with our inertia Switch off the Ion Rocket . All units , undo your Anti-G Belts All those off duty , report to the control room Let us say farewell to the Earth It 's so pretty . Looks like a green pearl This got here just a little before you arrived at Gohten 's base The reason I haven 't given it to you yet . is because I wanted you to understand that you weren 't forgotten What 's with the serious face ? Do you know what 's wrong with him ? No . Miyoshi What 's wrong with Jimmy ? Did something happen ? It looks like he 's crying The day he arrived at Gohten 's base , New York was attacked His parents , little brother and sister ... his whole family was killed Captain , I finished the calculations We will reach Venus in 9 days and 15 hours Good job . Miyoshi I 've got something to tell you What is it ? Why the sudden serious tone ? If something happens to me while we fight on Venus , Take care of Jun for me Muroi ... How can you suggest something so stupid ? You guys just barely got engaged Never mind that just listen to me Two years ago , you suddenly left Japan You left so that I could have Jun What 're you talking about ? The reason I left Japan was I know . I know you very well . was in love with Jun But which one of us had Jun 's heart ? It was clear she loved you But I managed to get engaged to her anyway . plan on putting our relationship to the test . During the battle on Venus , that is If we win then I will be able to have pride in myself . probably stop being jealous of you But there 's no guarantee I 'll survive And if that happens I want you to take care of Jun Another three days until we get to Venus Things have been almost too easy . Look ! Something 's approaching us ! It 's the space station ! It 's Terra ! Tihat 's where Mikasa was Whafsjit doing all the way out here ? The shock from the explosion must have pushed it out here Captain will check it out . Judging by the appearance , no one 's alive in there How do you know that without checking ? What do you think the outside temperature is ? Even if everyone on there is dead , want to at least recover their bodies Captain Pilot , decontaminate the station for safety . Decontaminating the station Thank you very much , sir . I 'll be back soon Let 's bundle him thickly . Take over ! Okay . Is it the enemy ? Enemy rockets approaching Enemy rockets approaching 35 sekii speed . 90 sekkei speed . 9 Mach speed . All stations , prepare for battle ! Wh .. who are you Hey ! Mikasa You 're wrong ! He 's not Mikasa ! Don 't move ! Stop Gohten If you don 't stop , I 'll kill her . Captain ! Captain Mikasa was an invader . He 's trying to take Jun from us He demands that we stop Gohten Open the airlock ! If you don 't I 'll kill her . Captain ! Muroi intends to purse them He can 't ! Stop him ! Muroi , wait ! You can 't go Why can 't It 's my rash ideas that got us in this mess in the first place . It 's my duty to rescue her . Don 't try to stop me ! Zip it ! It 's the Captain 's orders ! Captain Please let me go And how do you propose to retrieve Jun ? can 't let you die as well Let go ! Let go of me ! Shoot the Ion Rockets ! Captain , an unknown type of electro-wave signal is emitting from Venus towards us Miyoshi , open communications Yes , sir . Muroi , come here Captain Takigawa As you can see , we have taken your daughter . am the Emperor of the Galaxy . Commander Hell Muroi . From 22,000 light-years away from the solar system , you call our planet " Meshie 13 " The third planet in the Yomi system , that is our mother planet . It is very far from here However . We , the Imperial Planet of the Galaxy , have already obtained the power to fly freely through the galaxy . If your technology is that advanced , then why must you come all the way over here to take over this solar system ? Our planet has aged Just as it is the fate of all planets to die , our planet has grown too old We needed to move to another planet . The planet we wanted was a planet that was exactly like our own , the third planet from the sun Your planet Earth Captain Takigawa , you believe you have the power to attack us , but may I inform you that-Gohten , the last hope of your pitiful Earthling race will soon be drenched in blood We are now entering Venus 's orbit . Ignite the rear rockets Presently 200 km above the surface of Venus Commence tracing the surface of Venus All units , put on yourAnti-G Belts Present coordinates : Venus longitude 80 degrees , 10 minutes Latitude , 36 degrees , 23 minutes What 's the distance to the source of the enemy 's transmissions ? About 6 km . Just as we planned Away Team , prepare to depart . Yes , sir ! Ready ? Okay . Prepared for departure Good . Depart now . Roger . What a powerful wind Jimmy , what 's the wind speed ? 87 meters per second R2 Antenna , set on Surface temperature , 475 degrees Celsius Air pressure , 83,000 Mille Bar We can see it well We will now depart . Your mission is pure investigation Don 't get carried away . Roger . Jimmy , where is the enemy base ? 15 degrees starboard Over the mountains , then We 'll hover over there Hey , look at that . Looks like a stalactite cave Let 's see what 's past it . Okay . We 're going in Stop ! That 's ... that 's the enemy ship . So that 's why Mikasa said it was a Roman ship . Captain , they 've put up a defense barrier . Let 's see if we can get a little closer . Jimmy , be sure to get as many p ictures of that bier ship as Possible Roger . Watch out ! Miyoshi , are you okay ? Yeah , it seems so What a relief . Retreat at once Roger . That large mouth appears to be something think it 's probably a sort of air duct . Yes . I surpose that 's the only place we could sneak in Good . We 'll treat it as an air duct and plan on how we should invade Destroying the enemy 's central power source is our main objective . Understood ? Yes . It 's a shame I can 't join in the attack force Unless your team destroys the barrier my team won 't be able to invade in the first place . We 're counting on you Thanks The Captain ordered us to destroy their central power . But I will ... rescue Jun at any cost . Diagnostic check complete . Read to go All 's well at my end . Ready to launch Preparing to enter the cave Roger . Everyone 's ready on our end to shoot . Open the airlock . Opening the airlock . Launcher set on Preparations complete Set on the launching circuits Launch ! Miyoshi , I 'm flying now , according to plan Roger . Jimmy , shoot the boulders over the ship . will destroy the barrier . Roder . Fuyuki , we 'll take a detour in Jimmy , I 'll distract the enemy . You continue to shoot . Roger . Thanks Cease fire ! Dammit ! Miyoshi , I 'll distract the enemy . Meanwhile , you charge in ! Roger ! Land now ! Rogåã ! Okay , let 's go Okay . Íurry . Listen , line up with me and shoot . They 'll start to weaken Roger . Jimmy ! Now 's our chance Once it turns red , we 're going through It 's the farthest one to the right . We 're close Watch out ! Let 's ust char e in and attack . Fuyuki Stand up . Are you okay ? i am fine . And you ? With our cover blown , we don 't have a chance Got any ideas ? There was a computer device shaped exactly like this in the leader 's room It must have some sort of number pattern We might be able to open this place up . Captain Takigawa Three of your men are dead The last remaining man and your daughter are in my hands Unless you surrender they too will die will not change my plan can 'tlet you take control of our planet . Is that so Then may you enjoy your futile struggle until Gohtenandmy two captives are destroyed Jun ! This is Jun ! This is Jun ! Miyoshi and I successfully escaped from the enemy base . We are presently returning Is that Jun ? Thank God Miyoshi Thank you Miyoshi , the enemy base has lifted off the ground . Hurry ! Muroi , Miyoshi and Jun have returned . Pull back at once Ro åã . Fasten your belts Lift off ! Launch Active Laser Missiles ! Shoot Revolver Beams ! Ship stabilizer malfunction ! The Main Laser and Beams are damaged Go look at the ship 's condition Yes , sir . Their artillery . Yes ! Lasers Yes ! You men go with him , too Yes ! sir No answer from the Missile Shooting Room 3-directional rockets are destroyed Rear Lasers are no longer operational Jun Yes ? We must ensure that the remaining members of our team return home safely . Call Miyoshi back . Yes. sir . Jun No , never mind Please go Okay . Captain Miyoshi , the rest is in your hands Don 't try to find me Captain Father ! During the creation of Gohten , successfully invented explosives of frighteningly strong magnitude So strong that if enough were made , the entire galaxy could be destroyed If the building block of the universe - ether - is utilized , an explosion larger than can be imagined could occur . The enemy wanted to know Gohten 's secret . This very bomb . That 's why I didn 't want to launch Gohten The infinite universe has always made my dreams come true And in return , destroy the universe to save the Earth ? What cruel irony that is Father ! This bomb must never be built again . It must never be used That is my prayer . Repair Team , let 's get moving ANS Computer repairs completed Are you okay ? Laser Beam Antenna , repairs completed First Armaments Room , repairs completed Main Engine , repairs completed All units , report to your stations We will return to Earth
