 THE AQUANAUTS I can see that it 's not safe to ride a bike on the local roads . Can I help you ? Yes you can . I need to get an aqualung from the town . Aqualung ? What for ? Our aqualung broke and they 're getting away . Who 's getting away ? Bentarki . Where are they ? At the bottom of the lake . How are they getting away ? In spirals . Any more questions ? Last one . These bentarki - they are your occupation ? They are the project of the Institute of Bionetics . We are wasting time talking here and they are getting away . The town is far away . It will be faster and easier if you show me a broken aqualung . Faster ? Are you sure ? Is it serious ? Faster . Sure . Serious . That 's it . The ride is over . It felt more like a sky diving then riding to me . Chen , Chen , come home . Hello , I 'm Natasha . Nice meeting you . I 'm Igor Sobolev . What 's the name of that pretty amazon ? Lotta . Lotta Kerom . Didn 't you have time to get acquainted ? No , we only had time to quarrel . OK , we 'll see . I 'm starting the steam boat . Somebody 's very enthusiastic to bring this scrap metal to life . What you 've got ? - That 's it ... Any advice ? Yes , throw it away . - We could figure that out by ourselves . We 're stuck . We 're losing time and they 're getting away . We have to radio for help . No other choice . OK , guys . We 'll do it without an aqualung . - It 's over 100 ft deep ! Are you deaf ? I said it 's over 100 ft ! - Sorry , I thought you said over 1000 Is there anything to hold on to down there ? - Yes , there a ring for the hook . Give me a Sonar 's core . I 'll try to put it in . - It goes under the lid next to the ring . If you do it , I promise to walk to Medina barefooted to pray for you . Just make sure you don 't drown . Don 't worry . I thinks it was your friend that just dived . He 's as mine as he 's yours . How long it 's been ? 5 minutes . How long now ? How long ? Exactly 6 min . I think he drowned . 8 minutes . Damn it ! It 's yours . Do you know how long it 's been , piglet ? 8 minutes . - So what ? Yanek , he says " So what ? " - It 's working . - Time to start your journey to Medina . You are insane ! - It doesn 't seem so . Insane people are treated with more respect . He spent an hour underwater and now he 's got the nerve to talk back . Young lady , you 're exaggerating . - And you ... You 're a monster ! Where did you come from ? Who are you ? That 's where we should 've started . My name is Igor Sobolev . Sobolev , are you ready ? Go ! 4 seconds slower then yesterday . Lobanov , use the trap # 15 Commander , Sobolev is tired . Tunnel with the unknown trap - he won 't make it . Ocean will not ask if we are tired or not . Lobanov , use the trap # 15 Lobanov , aquanaut is moving toward you . - Understood . I can see him well . He entered the maze 30 seconds ahead of schedule . Sobolev has a superb sense of direction . Commandor , the fake azimuth didn 't deceive him . He 's on his course . He found out your trap . I don 't think you can fool him . - Looks like it . But he won 't make it to the end . He 's tired . It 's his 5th time today without oxygen . OK. he can take one breath on 20th minute . I 'll have somebody waiting for him with aqualung . Commandor didn 't lose his wits . He shot the rope in two . But the loose end tore the hydroponic suit open on his chest . It 's the same thing as to mess the lungs or to tear ahead away from the fish . When he came to he realized he was slightly out of breath . - Slightly ? Yes , for the second half remained intact . When he came to all the way he saw that the depth was over 9000 ft . Excuse me , Sergei , but how could he see ? Under 9000 ft crystal turns red . Whoever falls into the red cellar of the ocean will hear the Requiem of the Deep Why Requiem ? Aquanaut can 't be saved ? Even if they save him he 'll never be able to work underwater.-You got a tough job . Hey guys , how long can we wait for you ? SENSOLING What 's that ? - Memory matrix . - Which memory ? - Human of course.-Which ? The logical helper of the Computing Device .-Curious. And exactly whose memory is used ? Any staff member of our Institute . It doesn 't really matter . By the way , this crystal carries a memory about you , too . About your heroic diving . # 99 is the memory matrix of your good friend , Andrei . He said hello . - Thanks . # 99 ? Why do you need so many ? For our own use . We also store them for other research projects . We develop the new type of computing devices . - Do you want to improve cybernetics ? Yes , bionetics is a better prospect . Memory matrix can be copied , multiplied , transported So , the time is near when machines will think like humans ? Make sure you don 't repeat that with my father present . He 'll kick you out of here . I will not . I want to be on a good terms with my future father-in-law . - I don 't like to repeat myself , colleague . So , please , try to remember We will not benefit if we rush with fundamental studies of the subject . Take it . Hi ! - Lotta ! - Yes ? A Stranger in the experimental sector ? What 's going on ? This stranger just proposed to your daughter . Congratulations . - Too early , I haven 't said Yes yet . - You should . It 's a timely offer As far as I now you - If you don 't get married now you will never do it . - But ... Alexandr Kerom - Igor Sobolev . - Aquanaut ? It will be a strange union . Of course , it it will be at all . I 'm not sure I understand you . My daughter has a phobia of water ever since her childhood . I taught her not to be afraid of it in just two days . - Excellent job . And I will be infinitely grateful if you can convince her to give up that crazy bike riding . Today you are leaving your Alma Mater , maybe forever . Your further activities will be coordinated by the Committee of the Ocean Exploration for Peace under the UN You teachers , coaches , medicologists did all they possibly could for you . Among humans you 're humans , among fish - you 're fish . However , not a single ocean creature can compete with you . You will get your hydroponic suits now and will become the masters of the ocean But first you will take the Oath of the Aquanaut To be ahead of , but never try to be above the humankind - We swear ! Take care of yourself . I 'm scared . What 's happening to you ? Tell me I have a feeling that I 'm gonna lose you . Don 't you dare to even think it . You hear me ? Sorry , I shouldn 't have said it . But I 'm scared I 'll try to come to you as soon as I can . I 'll find you in the ocean . And then we 'll get married on some island . I will give you a big and beautiful sea shell . And let that island be like this one . Good Bye . - Until we meet again . Deuterium 10-10 , Deuterium 10-10 , answer Damn it . No answer . Just the auto signal . Sounds incredible but it seems that there is nobody inside . Maybe their silence can be explained by the technical difficulties ? You mean that the radios all broke at the same time ? It 's impossible . King Viking Sky ! Hello ! Hello ! Can you hear me ? Answer me . The West Coast System soon will not be able to provide its users with the necessary power . Urgently report what you 've done for immediate activation of the production equipment on Deuterium 10-10 . Urgently , Dugovsky ! I will complain to the Energy Committee Stand by for the Deuterium 10 . Attention . Everybody 's up on deck . Listen to me , I don 't want to go back , Listen to me . - Take him to the Isolation Ward Tell me what 's wrong with Dumont ? I can 't tell for certain yet but it looks like a mental disorder - neurosis , phobia . Helen , you must help me . Do you hope that I 'll let you question the patient ? Suggest something better . But hurry . There is no time to loose . His partner is still down there and probably needs help . I injected him with some sedatives . That 's all I can do for him right now . Get Sven Boll ready for underwater assignment . I won 't let him to be sent to the station without a partner . Do you have somebody else ? I will solve this problem . Hello ! I just got in touch with Russian ship Taimyr . Ah , Selivanov 's team ? - Yes , sir . Get in touch with them immediately . If they have the aquanaut on board they 'll surely help us . That is if they have one There is a curious dynamic in this region The third is here . - Sobolev.-This is for you . This is Sobolev . - Get to the radio . - OK , I 'm on the way . Natasha ! Professor ! Where is Lotta ? What 's wrong ? Be brave , Igor I don 't know how , but we need to tell you this . I don 't understand . What happened ? You tell him . Lotta , you understand ... motorcycle ... What happened ? Why are you silent . Say something ! Lotta died . She is no more . Do you understand ? And I will be infinitely grateful if you can convince her to give up that crazy bike riding . I 'm asking you as the Head of the Expedition to send me with Sobolev . Who is the head of the Hydrophisical Group ? Artem Ivanovich Adzhimoglian . Talk to him and listen what he has to say . What I have to say ? What I have to say ? If two of my three staff members will leave There will be no one left to work here . Don 't you see how Sobolev changed after the last radio session ? He doesn 't say a word . His eyes are empty . That 's why we decided to send him . The change of scenery will be good for him . Dugovsky doesn 't hide the fact the the work at the station will be dangerous . - I 'm ready . Maybe deadly dangerous , Igor . - it 's even better . Please , speak Russian when Sobolev is here . Good to see you . I 'm Leon Dugovsky - medicologist . - Helen Kent . Your partner - Sven Boll . Medicologist from Taimyr should 've sent your medical records . Thanks . Come and see me in a couple of hours . You are Russian , as I can see . Igor Sobolev . And who are you ? I 'm Dumont . Are you going down there ? - Yes I don 't want to go down there again . Do you here me ? Leave me alone ! I don 't want to go down there again . Leave me alone ! I don 't want to go there again ! You shouldn 't have opened the door . LOTTA This morning Dumont returned by himself . We don 't know anything about his partner . We couldn 't make contact with the station . Until we meet again . You need to find out what happened at the station , Find Pashich dead or alive , restart the production equipment . Station must produce deuterium no matter what circumstance . Remember that , no matter what ! Energy supply of the West Coast depends on you . You need to find out what happened . Station must produce deuterium no matter what circumstance . Remember .. find out ... produce ... 10-7 . - 10-7 is here . - 10-8 . - 10-8 is here . 10-9 . - 10-9 is here . - 10-10 contact . Contact is here . Automatic regime is on . Why are the main lights out ? Boll , are you afraid of catching cold ? Why are you asking ? It happens when you feet get wet in a cold water . It won 't be easy to get to the central bunker . Hangar is filled with water . We sould try to go through the water scooter 's sections . Be careful . - Lead the way . You know the station better then I do . Why didn 't we go through the hangar ? The water couldn 't be pumped out . We 'll have a lot of fixing to do . It 's strange . The system power was turned off . - We 'll figure it out later . First we have to take care of the equipment . First we have to take care of the man . What 's up ? Why did you stop ? Since the early age I don 't like the sight of dead people . Where did you see a drowned man ? Did I say that he drowned ? OK , where do you see a dead man ? You misunderstood me . I meant in general.-OK What do you mean OK ? Everybody has his own little weakness . Mine is - I don 't like the sight of dead people . Do you think that I enjoy it ? Colleague , let 's be realistic . If Pashich is alive and well why didn 't he contact the base ? What if he 's not completely well ? It 's not likely that both station workers would go crazy at the same time . Even though ... I 'll check a salon and cabins and you go to the computer room . It 's downstairs on your left . What was that ? - I found the station 's black box and replayed the last recording . Sorry . And that is all ? It seems so . It is necessary to inquire an ag ... Let 's finish listening . No need . There is nothing else except for this idiotic scream . It is necessary to inquire ... an agency ... an agent ... I don 't know . It was the voice of Pashich . We 'll have to search the entire station . William Pashich . Don 't be afraid to meet a dead man in the hallway - Pashich went outside . Ikar Dumont . Dumont left his hydroponic suit behind . - Incredible I 've never heard of anything like it . Manta Ray ? At this depth ? Incredible . We are really lucky , colleague . This is a king manta - species almost unknown to science . Beautiful creature . What was wrong with the deuterium equipment ? One machine was broken , but all others are in order . They were simply turned off . In order , except that deuterium production stopped , Pashich disappeared , and Dumont went plain crazy . Look at this . This is our sector of the underwater ridge . Station ... production site ... And this is the beacon - the highest point of the ridge around our station . Be careful when swimming around the machinery There is a strong current there and you can be dragged over here ... where there are gaps 5-6 km deep . What about that gap ? - About 5 km . If we don 't find him here , at the accessible depth , - we will not find him at all . If I don 't return in 20 hours ... but then you 'll have to figure out what to do by yourself . Checking the connection . Checking . Transmit sonar message . Nothing new . Scared Manta Ray . Moving toward the beacon . Be careful . Later . Boll , can you hear me ? The beacon is fine . Pashich couldn 't get lost around the station with a signal that strong . It 's simply impossible . I 'll look at the production site . I 'll try to fix a problem there as well . Air is going through . Thanks , Sobolev . Where are you going next ? That 's what I understood - moving north-west But be careful , Sobolev . I 'm asking you - be extremly carefull . LOTTA You ? You were supposed to be at the station . I thought it was Pashich . - It 's a strange way to act at the first meeting . Sorry . What 's new ? I searched close to 20 km along the range . Not a trace of Pashich . Why did you go outside ? I needed to know why the water can 't be pumped out of the hangar . Did you travel past the hangar ? - I didn 't have a chance You snatched me away so quickly , that I even left my quantaber behind . What about Dupont 's diary ? See for yourself . Maybe you can find something logical in his scribbles . I don 't know much about psychosis . Good night . One more question - what do you think the word LOTTA means ? LOTTA is a girl 's name . Why didn 't you tell me that you went all the way to the beacon ? Because I did not go there . Are you still awake , Igor ? I 'm going to bed soon . I 'd like to talk to you . You see , I have a feeling that I 'm somewhat guilty ... It 's OK . I understand Probably at Dugovsky 's advice you tried to conceal from me Dupont 's raving . It 's a bad idea . - Can I say at least one word ? Listen to me first . Otherwise I 'll just fall asleep and won 't tell you everything . You guessed , of course , that the name LOTTA I saw on a beacon . I can add that it was burned with quantaber . But you know something else ? it was not there few hours ago . What did you say ? It was not there . If neither you nor me wrote it - do you understand what it means ? Ok , let 's finish it tomorrow . I 'm really sleepy And your quantaber , that got left out there . That sounds like a bad idea . Pashich , come back ! Come back now ! You 're sick , you 're dying ! Come back ! What happened ? - First , I 'd like to hear your report . You are a prophet . I didn 't find my quantaber . Igor , you were wrong yesterday . I didn 't know about Dumont . Dugovsky didn 't tell me either . But now when you saw a notebook-do you understand where I saw this name - LOTTA ? I was wrong yesterday . Pardon me . Sven , you know Pashich well , tell me did he have any connection with this name ? I only know that the girl he loves is called Ruzhena . It 's more likely that Dumont had some connection with it-it 's his drawings . That 's true . How can you explain that your quantaber disappeared ? Maybe some sea creature moved it . Excuse me , but I find very irritable your theory about a madman that hangs out around the station . That 's why you were screaming on top of your lungs into the ocean , right ? I wouldn 't do it without a reason . Read this . I don 't get it - what is it ? This is a message in Morse code that I just received . Stop pulling my leg ! Some things are not good to joke with ! Why would I want to play a trick on you ? You 're a fine man , colleague , but the prolonged communication with you is outside the scope of my abilities . I also think that it 's hard for us to work together . In that case I will work by myself . And I 'll be damned if I let anybody to get in my way . Understand , Igor , that this absurd ! " I looked for people . I found them . Return anonymity . There is no balance . " Alien from another planet . Deep-water nymph . Damn it ! Damn it . It 's a breaker . We need to finish this . What are you going to do ? I 'm going to find and catch this madman . Were you able to decipher the Morse code ? - Yes , it 's the same message I guess Dumont had a good reason to go insane . I have an offer . Let 's not pay any attention to this ... this ... Let 's finish with equipment and the we 'll see . You think so ? Not to pay atention ? The man is in need , sick , dying - do you understand ? Wait , first you have to say sorry . I despise people who think only of themselves . If I understood you correctly - Pashich was your friend . What 's second ? - I 'll be damned if I deserve these accusations . Try to understand , Igor , I don 't believe that Pashich is still alive . He 's been out there for 5 days . I don 't believe that he 's gone crazy too . He 's not that kind of person . Excuse me then . It must be aliens that bang on the wall . Let me go and welcome them . Igor , understand , this - it 's not Pashich . We 're dealing with something else . You meant - somebody else . I went through this tape last night and found this video recording . Watch it . There is no sound . Ruzhena 's birthday Pashich celebrates no matter what . Is this all ? - I think , this is enough . Sven You take care of the equipment , and I 'll go out there . I 'll be a bait for the madman . Please , don 't be absent more then 20 hours . I 'll try . Boll , I found your quantaber . Only a man could take it - Pashich . One thing is not clear - where did this madman go ? Up ? Down ? Right ? Left ? The worst case - he went down . That 's where I 'll start . Attention , Boll ! I wounded Manta Ray . Quantaber is fully discharged . And if this winged blanket gets angry , there will be not much left of me . Why is it waiting ? Maybe this creature saved me from the red cellar ? Boll , if something happens to me Save this animal . It has the answer we 're looking for . LOTTA SOS Calling Boll ! Calling Boll ! If you are on the station call central bunker . If not - radio the station . He can 't go outside in the state he 's in . It 's simply dangerous . The only possibility left - he ran away like Dumont . No , he couldn 't do it . He couldn 't . He didn 't have the right to be a coward . The time is 11.43 . Boll left the station for an unknown reason . I 'm worried . I 'm going to look for him . Sobolev . I 'm Deuterium 10-10 . It 's a message for Leon Dugovsky on King Viking . Staff members of the station keep working . The third person is not found . We keep on looking . We expect the worst . We ask to make an inquiry among all the research projects in the field of Marine Biology . The subject of inquiry - If any of these projects conducted experiments with Manta Rays . If yes , what was the purpose and what were the exact results . Sobolev . Are you very unhappy , Igor ? Her name was Lotta . - That 's why ... - Don 't , Sven . Why did you go outside ? But you didn 't come back at the due time . I don 't understand . - Me neither . Let 's try to figure it out . What date is today ? It 's the 29th ... no , it 's the 30th already . It 's the 31st , Igor . 31st ? That 's right . Calendar doesn 't lie . It means that I got lost in time . even though ... Sven ... I fell into the red cellar . What ? You heard the Requiem of the Deep ? I thought I spent no more then an hour down there . If you only knew what your hour was for me . Talk . Promise you won 't laugh . All of a sudden Manta Ray appears and with its front flippers starts doing everything that a scooter was supposed to do . I almost fainted at the monitor . It made such a strong impression ? - What do you think ? Continue . I was busy with machinery for awhile Manta disappeared . Everything was going well - Equipment was functioning normally All of a suden I saw a glow , as if somebody was using a quantaber . I pointed a spotlight and read the burned message . What was it ? - SOS . Then your famous 20 hours were over . Twice I went out there looking for you . Tried to call you on the radio . All of a sudden I received a Morse code " I 'm waiting . I 'm tired . " And then the knocking . You know I 'm not scared easily , but that knocking did it for me . Whiskey ? - No , sleeping pills . I decided to get some rest . I was very tired . Just a sip of whiskey to calm my nerves . After that only a fog . I see . I know the rest . You went out there again , even though you could find me in the shower . The main thing is that you did go out . I don 't remember how I got back . What do you think of this story with Manta ? May be Pashich showed us a miracle of animal training ? And he kept it a secret from Dumont ? He must 've been busy with his work at the station as well . - Makes sense . Also remember that Manta helped me to get out of the red cellar and it helped you to return to the station . It helped me ? Yes , Sven . It 's not a trained Manta . It 's not a Manta at all . I don 't know what is it But one thing is certain - somebody put a lot of work in this animal up there on the surface . I found this thing where Manta banged on the wall with a ring . Looks familiar . It 's a window shade from the airplane . You 're right , damn it . That 's what we 'll do - I 'm gonna take a nap . As soon as Manta appears - wake me up . What for ? I 'll go out there and show it to Manta . We 'll see what it 's gonna do . Deuterium 10-10 . Deuterium 10-10 . Taimyr is calling . Administration of the Deep-water sector of the International Institute of Oceanology congratulates brave staff members of the station with the successful completion of their mission . Your co-workers at the West Coast Energy Company send you their best regards . Do you copy ? He got caught underneath . But he didn 't die right away . He had time to burn " Bye Ruzhena " and something else . Hoping for the rescue he marked days . Three crosses - three days . But Dumont couldn 't bring himself to go out there . Dumont will not be forgiven ! Deuterium 10-10 is calling King Viking Sky . Deuterium 10-10 I hear you well . This is Leon Dugovsky . We have sad news , boss . I know . We detected a funeral march with our sonar . He was among the best Aquanauts in our Institute . My condolences . What about the inquiry ? I don 't have any answers . Nobody ever worked with King Manta Rays . Nobody . It seems that modern science doesn 't know much about these animals . Why did you want to know ? We are not ready to tell yet . Can you make another inquiry at the Ministry of Aviation and ask them when and how robot-controlled airplane sank in the ocean near our station . Number AUF 34055 We need to know where was it flying from , where to , and why . I 'll get on it right now . Is that all ? - Yes , for now . The scientific world refuses to admit any connection with this creature . On the other hand , it 's clearly a result of some biological experiment . You think that the airplane is a part of it ? Sven , I can 't stop thinking about that strange device that we found in the front compartment . Here it is again . Talking in ultra sound like a dolphin . Strange creature . - Sven Signal with a light . Maybe it 'll get closer . Turn ultra sound on . - What for ? Turn the sonar up all the way . Who are you ? Who are you ? Lotta . More . Tell us more . I can 't ... Return anonymity ... I 'm very tired ... We need to record what 's happening . Otherwise , nobody will believe us . Where are you from ? I don 't know . What does a plane mean for you ? Do you have any connection with the it ? My house ... I was looking for people ... Found them ... Return anonymity ... Help ... We want to ... But we can 't do anything yet . I didn 't understand the last sentence . I 'm leaving . Who 's screaming from the inside of the Manta 's brain ? Demanding and asking to return anonymity . It was my house ... That means the Manta had a nest inside the plane If so , it was after the plane crashed . Sensoling 4 Do you know what Sensoling means by any chance ? Sensoling ? Sensoling ... The word sounds familiar - as if I heard or read it somewhere . What ? Sensoling 99 And exactly whose memory is used ? Any staff member of our Institute . It doesn 't really matter . Baby of a Manta Ray Swims into the plane , accidentally stuck its head inside the matrix copier , and his brain became long time ago the exact copy of the memory matrix of Lotta . Lotta , come back ! What 's on your mind ? Let me go . - You can 't go there . - Let me go ! Igor ! Igor , Igor , you can 't go out there . Let me go . - No , I turned the system power off . Institute of Bionetics . Head of project - Alexander Kerom . Sensoling 4 . Charlotte Kerom . Can you hear me ? King Viking Sky Can you hear me ? Damn you . Excuse me , urgent message . What 's the matter , Boll ? We are emerging immediately . Did you find out about the plane ? I was on the phone talking about it when you called The preliminary information is that ... - What was the cargo ? There was some scientific equipment , also in the front compartment there was special machine for copying of so called Sensolings . As I was just told it is a matrix of human memory . I had an idea it would be something like that . The plane was on a special mission ... - Enough . I think I know the rest . Immediately contact the Institute of Bionetics and get in touch with Alexander Kerom . You have to find him no matter what . Take it easy , Boll . That 's the man I was talking to . By the way , he can hear you . Is that so ? Let me speak with him . Is it yours ? Yes . Do you know that the live copy of this matrix Is swimming right now in the depth of Indian Ocean confused , suffering . What do you want from me ? - Your help . What 's going on , Boll ? Why are emerging ? I forbid it . Do you copy ? King Viking Sky . Sven Boll is here . We 're coming up on the surface . Sobolev urgently needs medical attention . Prepare the de-commpression chamber . How are we doing , Ellie ? You 're doing fine , boys . Don 't worry . Decompression is in progress . Do you think we should tell Kerom right now ? I think we should take pity on the old man . - Have a seat . Don 't worry . They know what they need to do . Tell them to begin . Electric King Manta Ray ? I 've studied marine biology for 30 years but this is a surprise . Yes . Are you sure that we succeeded trying to lift a burden of human memory off this Manta ? According to its reaction - without a doubt . It was a reaction of the annoyed animal . Yes , I 'm sure that the memory of Lotta Kerom as a recorded system in flesh doesn 't exist anymore . Today you are leaving your Alma Mater , maybe forever . Your further activities will be coordinated by the Committee of the Ocean Exploration for Peace under the UN You teachers , coaches , medicologists did all they possibly could for you . You will get your hydroponic suits now and will become the masters of the ocean But first you will take the Oath of the Aquanaut To be ahead of , but never try to be above the humankind . - Swear ! - We swear ! - Swear ! - We swear ! The END . - Swear ! - We swear !
