 Part Two STALKER Where are you ? Come here ! Are you tired ? Oh , God ! Judging by his tone , he 's going to start sermonizing again . Let everything that 's been planned come true . Let them believe . And let them have a laugh at their passions . Because what they call passion actually is not some emotional energy , butjust the friction between their souls and the outside world . And most important , Iet them believe in themselves let them be helpless like children , because weakness is a great thing , and strength is nothing . When a man is just born , he is weak and flexible , when he dies , he is hard and insensitive . When a tree is growing , it 's tender and pliant , but when it 's dry and hard , it dies . Hardness and strength are death 's companions . PIiancy and weakness are expressions of the freshness of being . Because what has hardened will never win . Come here ! We 're progressing well . Soon we 'II come to a dry tunnel , after that it will get easier . Knock on wood . - Are we on our way already ? - Of course . Why ? I thought you just wanted to show us something . - What about my knapsack ? - What about it ? I Ieft it there . I didn 't know we were going . - There 's nothing we can do about it . - No , we have to go back . - It 's impossible ! - I can 't do without my knapsack ! Can 't you understand that no one here has ever come back the same way ? Forget about your knapsack . What have you got there , diamonds ? The room will give you anything you want . really . It will drown you in knapsacks . How far is it , this room ? If you go straight , about 200 meters , but there 's no going straight here . Let 's go . Give up your empiricism , Professor . miracles are outside empiricism . Remember how St. Peter was nearly drowned ? Go , Writer . Go where ? Up these stairs . Professor , where are you ? Here is the dry tunnel ! You call it dry ? This is a local joke . normally one has to swim here . Wait , where 's Professor ? - What ? - Professor has disappeared ! How could it happen ? He was following you all the way . He probably Iagged behind and lost his way . No , he didn 't lose his way ! He must 've gone for the knapsack ! He won 't be able to make it now . shall we wait for him ? We can 't . Things change here every minute . We 'II have to go . Look ! What is it ? How could it be ? - I already explained . - What did you explain ? It 's the Zone , don 't you understand ? Let 's go , quick . It 's ... There he is ! I 'm certainly grateful to you that you ... but ... How did you get here ? mostly I had to crawl up here on my fours . incredible . How did you manage to overtake us ? What do you mean , " overtake " ? I came back here for the knapsack . And how has our nut gotten here ? Oh , my God , that 's ... the trap ! Porcupine put this nut here on purpose . How could the Zone let us through ? Oh God , I 'm not going to take one more step until ... I don 't like it . That 's it ! We rest ! But keep off this nut , just in case . Sorry , but I thought that Professor won 't be able to make it . You see , I ... I never know beforehand what kind of people I 'm taking with me . Everything gets clear only here , when it 's too late . What 's important is that Professor 's bag with his underwear is safe . Don 't stick your nose in someone 's underwear if you don 't understand it . What is there to understand ? binomial theorem ? Some psychological abysses ! You have a bad reputation at your institute . They don 't give you money for an expedition . So you decide to pack a knapsack full of manometers and other shit ... penetrate the Zone illegally ... and put all these miracles to an algebra test . No one in the world has ever heard of the Zone . So we 'II work a sure sensation ! The television , fans raving and bringing laurel wreaths . Here our Professor appears , all in white , and declares : " Mene-mene , tekeI , uprasin . " Everyone gaping and shouting : " He deserves a nobel Prize ! " You lousy scribbIer , a homespun psychoanaIyst . You 're only good for painting walls in public toilets , you bIabbermouth . No good . Too sluggish . You don 't know how to do it . AII right . I 'm going to get a nobel Prize . And what are you after ? Want to bless mankind with the pearls of your purchased inspiration ? I don 't care a damn about mankind . Of all your mankind I 'm interested only in one man - myself . Whether I 'm worth anything or I 'm just shit like others . And if you find out that you 're really ... You know , Mr. Einstein , I have no wish to argue with you . Truth is born of argument , damn it ! Listen , Chingachgook ... You 've brought here many people . Not as many as I would Iike . That 's not the point . Why did they come here ? What did they want ? Happiness , I guess . Yes , but what kind of happiness ? people don 't like to speak about their innermost feelings . And it 's neither yours nor mine business . In any case , you 've been lucky . As for me , I haven 't seen one happy man in my Iife . Me neither . They return from the room and I lead them back , and we never see each other again . It 's not that wishes come true immediately . Have you ever wished to use this room yourself ? I 'm fine as I am . Listen , Professor . Speaking of the purchased inspiration . Let 's imagine that I enter this room and return to our God-forsaken town a genius . A man writes because he 's tormented , because he doubts . He needs to constantly prove to himself and the others that he 's worth something . And if I know for sure that I 'm a genius ? Why write then ? What the hell for ? well , I must say that we exist for ... will you be so kind and leave me alone ? Let me get a wink , I haven 't slept all night . Keep your complexes to yourself . In any case , all this technology of yours ... all those blast furnaces , wheels ... and other bullshit are only designed in order to work less and eat more . They are all just crutches , artificial limbs . And mankind exists in order to create ... works of art . unlike all other human activities , this one is unselfish . Great illusions ! Images of the absolute truth ! Are you listening to me , Professor ? What unseIfishness are you talking about ? people still die of hunger . Have you fallen from the moon ? And they are considered to be our brainy aristocracy ! You 're not even capable of thinking in abstractions . Are you going to teach me about the meaning of Iife ? And also how to think ? It 's useless . You might be a professor , but an ignorant one . And there was a great earthquake . And the sun became black as sackcloth made of hair . And the moon became like blood ... And the stars of the sky fell to the earth , as a fig tree casts its unripe figs when shaken by a great wind . And the sky was split apart like a scroll when it is rolled up . And every mountain and island were moved out of their places . And the kings of the earth and the great men and the rich and the chiIiarchs and the strong and every free man , hid themselves in the caves and among the rocks of the mountains ; and they said to the mountains and to the rocks , " FaII on us and hide us from the presence of Him who sits on the throne , and from the wrath of the Lamb , for the great day of His wrath has come , and who is able to stand ? " And that very day two ... two of them ... were going to a village which was about 60 stadia from ... named ... and they were conversing with each other about all these things . And while they were conversing and discussing ... He himself approached , and began travelling with them . But their eyes were prevented from recognizing Him . And He said to them : " What are these words ... you are exchanging with one another , and why are you sad ? " And one of them , named ... Are you awake ? You were speaking of the meaning ... of our ... life ... of the unselfishness of art ... Take music , for instance . Less than anything else , it is connected to reality , or if connected at all , it 's done mechanically , not by way of ideas , just by a sheer sound , devoid of ... any associations . And yet , music , as if by some miracle , gets through to our heart . What is it that resonates in us in response to noise brought to harmony , making it the source of the greatest delight which stuns us and brings us together ? What 's all this needed for ? And most important , who needs it ? You would say , " No one . And for no reason . " UnseIfishIy . No . I don 't think so . After all , everything has some sense . Sense and reason . Do we have to go there ? unfortunately , yes . There 's no other way . It looks morbid , don 't you think , Professor ? I don 't feel like going there first . And Chingachgooks can never be volunteers . I think we 'II have to draw lots . Do you mind ? For this , I would rather have a volunteer . Have you got matches ? Thanks . The long one will go . pull it . The long one . No luck this time . Why don 't you throw one of your nuts at Ieast ? Sure . As you wish . One more ? AII right ... I 'II go . Hurry up , Professor ! There 's ... There 's a door here ! Go that way ! Open the door and go in ! Me again ? Do I have to go in first again ? You 've drawn the lot . Go ! people don 't wait here . What have you got there ? No guns here ! You 'II have yourself killed , and us too ! Don 't you remember the tanks ? Drop it , I beg you . Don 't you understand ? If something happens , I can save you , but not this way ... I beg you ! Who are you going to fire at ? Go , we haven 't got much time ! There 's water here ! hold on to the handrail and go down . But don 't go anywhere ! Wait for us outside ! I hope you haven 't got anything like that ? - Like what ? - Like a gun . No . As a last resort I 've got an ampule . - What ampuIe ? - implanted ampuIe . Poison ! Oh , God ! Did you come here to die ? No , it 's just in case . Writer ! Come back ! Come back ! You want to get yourself killed ? I told you to wait by the exit ! Stop ! Don 't move ! That 's all your pipe . - Why ? - You should 've gone in there first . He was so scared that he went the wrong way . One more experiment . Experiments , facts , truth of the highest instance . There 's no such thing as facts . especially here . AII this is someone 's idiotic invention . Don 't you feel it ? But you , of course , must find out whose invention it is . And why . What good can your knowledge do ? Who is going to get guilty conscience because of it ? Me ? I 've got no conscience . I just got nerves . Some bastard would criticize me , I get wounded . Another would loud me , I get wounded again . I would put my heart and soul in it , they gobble up both my heart and soul . I would relieve my soul of filth , they gobble it up too . They 're all so literate . They all got sensory deficiency . And they 're all swarming around , journalists , editors , critics , some endless broads . And they all demand : more , more ! What hell of a writer am I if I hate writing ? If it 's constant torment for me , a painful , shameful occupation , sort of squeezing out a hemorrhoids . I used to think that someone would get better because of my books . No , nobody needs me ! In two days after I die they 'II start gobbling up someone else . I wanted to change them , but it 's they who 've changed me . Making me in their own image . The future used to be just a continuation of the present , with all the changes looming far behind the horizon . Now the future and the present are one . Are they ready for it ? They don 't want to know anything ! AII they know is how to gobble ! Gosh , how lucky you are ! My goodness , now ... You 're going to live a hundred years ! Yes . But why not forever ? Like the eternal Jew . You are probably a fine man . I almost didn 't doubt it . I can imagine what torture it was for you being in there . This pipe is a horrible place ! The most horrible in the Zone ! It 's called " the meat mincer " , but it 's much worse than any mincer . So many people perished there ! Porcupine sent his brother to die there . The boy was so delicate , very talented . Here , listen to this . So summer is gone , Leaving no epitaph . It 's still warm in the sun , only that 's not enough . AII that true could have come , Like a five-fingered fluff , folded into my palm , only that 's not enough . No evil was slighted In the good aftermath , world was festively Iighted , only that 's not enough . Life forever was tucking , Caring , making me laugh . I was really lucky , only that 's not enough . No leaves ever seared , No limbs broken rough . Day , Iike glass , washed all clear , only that 's not enough . Good , aren 't they ? That 's his verses . Why do you fidget ? Fussing all the time ? - I 'm just ... - I get sick just looking at you ! I 'm so happy ! It 's not often that everyone who goes makes it . You did everything right . You 're good , kind , honest people . I 'm proud that I was right about you . Look at him ! He 's happy that everything ended well ! Fate ! Zone ! I 'm a fine man , he says ! You think I didn 't see how you shoved the two long matches at me ? - No , you don 't understand ... - Of course , how could I ? I 'm sorry , Professor , no offense meant , but this jerk has chosen you to be his favorite . Come on , it 's unfair ! And me , a second-rate creature , he shoves into that pipe ! Meat mincer ! To think of such a word ! What right have you got to decide who is to live and who is to go into the meat mincer ? You 've chosen it yourself ! What ? One long match out of the two long ones ? The matches are nothing . The Zone had let you through earlier , under the nut , so it became clear that only you could go through the meat mincer . And we just followed you . well , it 's too much ... You can 't even imagine how dangerous it is to make a mistake here . But someone had to be first ! Yes ? No , it 's not a clinic ! You see , someone has to go first ! Don 't touch it ! Laboratory nine , please . Just a minute . - hello ? - I hope I 'm not disturbing you . - What do you want ? - Just a few words with you . You 've hidden it . I 've found it . The old building . Bunker four . Do you hear me ? I 'm alerting the security immediately . You may do it . You may inform on me , you may set my colleagues against me , but it 's too late . I 'm now at a stone 's throw from that place . Do you realize that 's the end of you as a scientist ? well , you may rejoice ! Do you realize what will happen if you dare ? Trying to scare me again ? AII my Iife I 've been afraid of something . Even of you . But now I 'm not afraid of anything , I assure you . Oh God , you are not even a Herostratos . It 's just that you 've always wanted to make my Iife unbearable because twenty years ago I slept with your wife . And now you 're delighted that you 've made even with me . well , go and do your ... vile thing . Don 't you dare hang up on me ! Prison is not the worst thing expecting you . The worst is that you 'II never be able to forgive yourself for this . I already see you hanging from your suspenders in your prison cell . What are you up to , Professor ? Do you realize what will happen when everybody believes in the room ? And all come rushing here ? It 's only a question of time . If not today , then tomorrow ! And notjust tens of them , thousands ! unfulfilled emperors , great inquisitors , fuhrers , seIf-appointed benefactors of the human race ! And they 'II come not for money or inspiration , but to change the world ! I never take here people like that . You think I don 't understand it ? What on earth can you understand ? You 're not the only stalker on Earth . No stalker can know what those you lead bring with them and what they take from here . And the number of unmotivated crimes is on the rise ! Isn 't that your doing ? Take coups d 'etat by the military , or the mafia penetrating governments , aren 't they all your clients ? Or Iasers and all those super-bacteria , all that filth , kept for the time being in safes ? will you please stop this sociological diarrhea ? Can you really believe in all those fairy tales ? Not in the good ones , no ! But in the bad ones , certainly ! Come on ! A human being is not capable of such hatred or love ... that would extend over the whole of mankind .
