 " THE TRAMPS " IN THE PLANET WARS Don 't run ! Learn to never fool around with somebody elses girl i didn 't know she had so many boyfriends Now we 're gonna have to spend the nights here Tihey wait for us there This is full of gnats - Some are two-story tall . What would you rather , do ? Spending the night here with the gnats . or be shot by those people ? Look it s you 'to blame you started all this . i 'll get you ... I 'm scared . Help ! Fire ! A flying turtle ! Don 't be afraid . I came for help My planet is on a crisis . its a draw . Ours too . Shut up , Zacaria i am Flik . Prince of Planet Airos which is under the grasp of Zuco and His followers Zuco has destroyed my people and is headed to the village where I 'm staying with Princess Mirna Mr. " Flice " what we-have to do with this skirmish ? I need to take someone to help me My ðåîð1å has fled in fear . and how can we help you ? We 're fighting for the Brain computer I have one half of the it And Zuco has the other half Oh . I get it So you give him your half and keep his half . everything gets fine . Count us in Prince Flik . We will help you . Yes. but ... depends on the dough , huh ? That we will get - Dough ? Yes , Dough . Cabbage sugar - butter and 'egg , the Jack . He means money Our money is no goodl in your planet but if everything goes well ... and I get the other half of the computer I ' ll give you each your weight 's worth of gold . Swell ! Can you imagine ? Our weight in gold ? Mussums butt only is enough to buy a , whole state that 's right . So let 's help the man . Count us in . lets go . Easy , dînt be afreid . This is Bonzo , my co-pilot . Mr. " Flic " " I 'll go only if i can take Duda , my car Yeah. yeah . Princess mirna. my fiancee has been kidnapped Yeah , yeah . The Princess was kidnapped . Yeah , yeah The Princess was kidnapped . - Mine , strawberry flavored . - Oh holly God Antonio Carios , the Princess has bean kidnapped . Leave the change in the drawer sî , so .. I know how to find the Princess Let " s go . Ðïïñå Flik. what are you doing here ? Igor where 's Zuco ? And why would I tell the Prince where Zuco is ? Igor . Where 's Zuco ? Igor , where is 'Zuco ? Igor , where is 'Zuco ? In the rocky region . I ' am hungry I 'll stop here . And what ere we gonna eat ? We gonna eat 'sand ? if ate fruit , everyone would be all over me Now if I ate sand my stocks would plunge . i have food here . Mara you get more anymore involved Besides pretty precautious I 'was starving . I want it too . I want it Your meal , Didi . Hold on ! You can stop with that oh , boy , there 's nothing else for us to eat here but this meal has calories enough for a weak . But want food to make my tummy get fat . You promised us our weight in gold My chicken had too little salt in it , My " feijoada " even had caipirinha " for starters and piggies butties in the end You 're all adaptable insecure assumed What 's that dude ? That 's what you are I wanna eat Add some mass to my stomach . Keep on eating those pills of yours ... that I 'll I go get food to fill me up Be careful . Didi . This forest is dangerous . This isn 't true . Ending up in this planet There s no food i am crazy to fill myself up , throwing in some chow and they eat a pill . Why would i want some pill You don 't fool me. i have this to eat , to fill it up What ? imagine the omelet I 'm gonna do ? God' This is a giant sparrow . ThereJs a bunch of soldiers 'coming after us Lets go . Mr. " Flica " . what is this place ? We ve fallen intî a cave in the magnetic zone What planet are you from , Didi ? It 's funny , up to a little whiló ago .. i 'd say trom Ceara Now you ask which planet I ' m from What a progress My planet is called Earth That one . Here we call it Star UV-49 . There are millions like 'it in this galaxy . Look , Didh from the way you talk and your poise ... i 'm sure you must be a prince or a king . Am i right ? yean yeah And I also know that when you left Earth your subjects didn 't want you to leave . - Am i right Didi ? I have a feeling that people are happy there with safety , peace and serenity Am I right ? I think I should make a joke , but . Prince Flik . if you don 't hand over your half of the Brain computer Princess Mirna will die This is Zuko 's ecision . The meeting for the computer 's delivery will be tomorrow at noon , at the center of the west zone You and your flowers should go unarmed It 's the computer , or the Princess death . Zuco wants it this way and ao shall it be . - Mr . Ðrince Fry ? - Flik Zucos people don 't Know I 'have this gun , right . A don 't know that weapon . And adeal is a deal , Give me that Hey guys ! I found a banangine tree ! What ' that ? âanàëà with tangerine . II found a guaya tree ! - guaya ? What 'that ? " Guava with papaya . Look , an àððlå-pine tree . What 's that ? - Apple with pineapple Watch out ! The Invisible Men * lim stuck What about me ? Gome back ! you weak I 'm Stuck ? Abominable creatures ! - Didi stayed there Thank God one less . No way . We have to go back and save Didi We have to reach the west zone before noon ... or the Princess dies . With all due respect to Mr " Princis " there I 'd rather see her dead than Didi - Let 's go back and save him . - We can 't Here we are a kind of mercenarios . Right We have to found our mercery . We are here to help the ß [ Íïñå and his people If we can do that , he 'll give us our weight worth of gold . Let * s go . Where is the computer ? And the Princess ? Now everyone will die the primitive way . Now that I have the other half of the Brain computer I 'll have control over this galaxy Seize them ! General " Hardsheilz Come here Take me out Ãò scared ! Let me go , you traitors ! Release me let me out of here Help ! Let me go . Hurray for Prince Flik Zuca tell me where Princess Mima is Zuco tell me where the Princess is . As we took her mask 's mould off , she disappeared Are you nuts , man ? Do want to stay here , in this planet ? Yeah , yeah . And what àãâ óîu ? gonna do here , Didi There is a whole bunch of girls back on Earth More women than people - I was never happy back there At least I have some hope around here Are , you sure of what you are doing ? Sure . I know I 'll miss you And our friendship built on life 's roughness Fifteen years of beating us up But it was bound to happen anyway All 'right , if youl want it this way , right ? Goodbye . No No goodbyes . or else there 's no there 's no substance Seó you aroundi This is me . Wherever I get into , I have to win . And those thpee back on Earth they can manage al right - Sure . They are very smart This is cool . Beautiful I like it . I 've never been A in here before . When we get marned I 'll , buy us one of these . What 's wrong , Flik ? Zuco confessed that ... when he was doing Princess Minna 's mask mould there was a physical disintegration ànd ... No more Princess Doh 't be sad . I too , have lost three great friends but I found happiness in another planet . Things didn 't end up so well for m , e Didi But you can 't give up , you have the power in your hands You 've-fought for it . Your people is counting on you Lets cheer up you 're not alone You Can even count on your Prime Minister i am not sad just for the vanishing of Mima bó the laws of my planet . with the Princess gone her older sister will take her place Wait for me Loya , I don 't know in which star you are but it was great to have dreamed . Wake up Watch out , Flik . Antonio Carlos ! - Zacaria - It 's Zuco , It 's Zuco ! What Zuco ? Hold on Have you guys dreamed the same as i did ? I think 'so . I dreamed of chicks from other planets I too Let 's get out of here ' cause this place is haunted Gold old Gold Ñold Even the car has turned gold Look ovef there !
