 well , money , a woman , maybe a desire for revenge , let my boss be overrun by a car , that I can understand . But ruling over the world ! Ajust society ! God 's kingdom on earth ! These are notjust wishes , this is ideology , action , concepts . Unconscious compassion is not ready for realization yet . As a regular instinctive impulse . There cannot be happiness at someone else 's expense . I can see quite clearly now that you plan to overwhelm mankind with good deeds . As for me , I 'm not a bit worried about you or myself , and least of all about mankind . Because you 're not going to achieve anything . At best you 'II get your NobeI Prize . Or rather you 'II get something absolutely incongruous , something you don 't even think about . Something like this telephone ... You dream of one thing , but you get quite another . Why did you do that ? telephone ... electricity ... Look , very good sleeping pills . They don 't make ones like that any longer . Why so many of them here ? Maybe we 'd better be going ? It will be dark soon , difficult to come back . By the way , it 's absolutely clear to me that all this poem reciting and making detours is just a form of apologizing . I can understand you . difficult childhood , bad environment ... But don 't have any illusions , I 'm not going to forgive you . will you please stop it , do me a favor . Professor , come here , please . Wait a minute . Don 't be in a hurry . I 'm in no hurry whatsoever . I know , you 're going to get mad . Anyway , I must tell you ... We are now ... on the threshold ... This is the most important moment in your life . You must know that ... Your innermost wishes will be made real here . Your most sincere wish ! Born of suffering ! No need to say anything . You just have to ... concentrate and try to recall your whole life . When a man thinks of the past , he becomes kinder . And most important ... Most important ... You have to believe ! Now you can go . Who wants to be the first ? Maybe , you ? Me ? No , I don 't want to . I understand , it 's not easy , but it will pass . I doubt ... that it will pass . If I begin recalling my Iife , it 's very unlikely I 'II get any kinder . Besides , don 't you feel how shameful the whole thing is ? humiliating yourself , sniveling , praying ? What 's so bad in praying ? It 's just your pride speaking . calm down , you 're not ready yet . It happens quite often . Maybe , you first ? Yes , me . We see before us Professor 's new invention ! An appliance exploring human souls ! SouImeter ! It 's only a bomb . What ? You must be kidding . No , it 's just a bomb . Twenty kiIotons . What for ? We had it assembled with my friends . With my former colleagues . This place will never bring any happiness to anyone . But if this thing gets into the wrong hands ... Though , I 'm not sure any more . We came to the conclusion then ... that we shouldn 't destroy the Zone after all . Even if it 's some miracle , it 's still part of nature , and therefore , a hope in a sense . They had hidden that bomb , and I 've found it . The old building , bunker four . I guess there must be a principle ... Never do anything that can 't be undone . I understand everything , I 'm not some maniac . But as long as this plague lies in the open , accessible to any scum , I can get no peace , no sleep . Or maybe , my innermost won 't let me do it ? Poor man , some problem he 's invented for himself . Give it to me ! Give it to me ! You 're a civilized man , aren 't you ? - Why ? What 's the matter with you ? - You , lousy hypocrite ... Why ? What have I done ... to you ? He wants to destroy your hope ! That 's all people have got left on this earth ! It 's the only place they can come to , if there 's no hope left for them . You yourself have come here ! Why destroy hope then ? Shut up ! I can see through you ! You don 't give a damn about people ! You just make money , using our ... anguish ! It 's not even the money . You 're enjoying yourself here . You 're like God almighty here . You , a hypocritical Iouse , decide who is to live and who is to die . He deIiberates ! Now I see why you stalkers never enter the room yourselves . You revel in all that power , that mystery , your authority ! What else is there to wish for ? It 's not true ! You ... you 're mistaken . A stalker must not enter the room . A stalker must not even enter the Zone with an ulterior motive . Remember Porcupine ? Yes , you 're right , I 'm a louse . I haven 't done any good in this world , and I can 't do any . I couldn 't give anything even to my wife . I can 't have any friends either . But don 't take mine from me ! They 'd already taken everything from me back there , behind the barbed wire . So all that 's mine is here . You understand ? Here ! In the Zone ! My happiness , my freedom , my seIf-respect , it 's all here ! I bring here people like me , desperate and tormented . people who have nothing else to hope for . And I can help them ! No one else can help them , only I , the louse , can ! I 'm so happy to be able to help them that I want to cry . And that 's all . I don 't want anything more . I don 't know . Maybe . Anyway , excuse me , but ... You 're just a God 's fool . You have no idea what 's going on here . Why do you think Porcupine hanged himself ? He came to the Zone with a mercenary motive . He made his brother die in the meat mincer because of money . I know . But why did he hang himself ? Why didn 't he come here again , not for money , but for his brother ? In way of repenting . He wanted to ... I don 't know . He hanged himself a week later . Because he realized that notjust any wish comes true here , but only your innermost wish . Not what would you holler at the top of your voice ... Coming true here is only what 's in line with your nature , with your essence , of which you know nothing . But it 's there , in you , directing you all your life . You didn 't understand anything , Leather Stocking . It wasn 't greed that had done Porcupine in . He was crawling in this puddle , begging to bring his brother back . But what he got was only money , and he couldn 't get anything else , because render unto Porcupine the things that are Porcupine 's ! And things like conscience , anguish , they are just inventions . He realized that and hanged himself . I 'm not going to your room . I have no wish to pour my filth over somebody 's head . Even yours . And then to put my neck into the noose , Iike Porcupine . I 'd rather drink myself to death in my mansion , in peace and quiet . You don 't understand anything about human beings , Chingachgook , if you take to the Zone people like me . And something else ... Why do you think that this miracle really exists ? Who told you that wishes actually come true here ? Have you seen a single man who 's been made happy here ? Was it Porcupine ? As a matter of fact , who told you about the Zone , about Porcupine , about that room ? He did . Then it makes no sense to me at all . What 's the use coming here ? It 's so quiet ... Can you feel it ? What the heck ... Why not chuck it all , take my wife , Monkey , and move over here . For good . There 's no one here . No one can hurt them here . So you 're back . Where did you get this ? He got attached to me . I couldn 't leave him there . well , shall we go ? Monkey is waiting . Are you coming ? Does any one of you need a dog ? I 've got five of them at home . So you love dogs , don 't you ? What ? That 's very good . AII right , Iet 's go . You can 't even imagine how tired I am ! God only knows ! calling themselves intellectuals , those writers and scientists ! Don 't get so excited . They don 't believe in anything ! They 've got the organ with which one believes atrophied for lack of use . Stop it . Come on . Go to bed . Don 't lie here ... It 's too damp here for you ... You shouldn 't lie here . Take it off . Oh God , what people ... calm down , it 's not their fault . You ought to pity them , not to be angry with them . Haven 't you seen them ? They 've got empty eyes . The only thing they can think about is how to sell themselves not too cheap ! How to get as much as possible for their every emotional movement ! They know they were " born for a purpose " , " called upon " ! After all , they live " only once " ! Can people like that believe in anything ? Stop it , calm down . Try to sleep , will you ? Go to sleep . And nobody believes . Not only those two . Nobody ! Who am I going to take there ? Oh , God ... And what 's most awful ... is that no one needs it . No one needs that room . And all my efforts are just in vain . Why do you say that ? Stop it . I 'm not going there with anybody again . Do you want me to go with you ? Where ? You think I 've got nothing to ask for ? No ... You can 't go there . Why not ? No , no . What if it wouldn 't work with you , either ? You know , my mother was against it . You 've probably noticed already that he 's not of this world . AII our neighborhood laughed at him . He was such a bungler , he looked so pitiful . My mother used to say : " He 's a stalker , he 's doomed , he 's an eternal prisoner ! Don 't you know what kind of children the stalkers have ? " And I ... I didn 't even argue with her . I knew it all myself , that he was doomed , that he was an eternal prisoner , and about the children . only what could I do ? I was sure I would be happy with him . Of course , I knew I 'd have a Iot of sorrow , too . But it 's better to have a bitter happiness than ... a gray , dull life . Perhaps , I thought it all up later . But then he approached me and said : " Come with me . " And I did , and never regretted it . Never . We had a Iot of sorrow , a Iot of fear , and a Iot of shame . But I never regretted it , and I never envied anyone . It 's just our fate , our life , that 's how we are . And if we haven 't had our misfortunes , we wouldn 't have been better off . It would have been worse . Because in that case , there wouldn 't have been any happiness . And there wouldn 't have been any hope . I Iove your eyes , my darling friend , Their play , so passionate and bright 'ning , When a sudden stare up you send , And like a heaven-bIown lightning , It 'd take in all from end to end . But there 's more that I admire : Your eyes when they 're downcast In bursts of Iove-inspired fire , And through the eyelash goes fast A somber , dull call of desire ... The End
