 ( Helena ) 'Moonbase Alpha status report , '2,009 days since leaving Earth orbit . Dr Helena Russell recording . 'This morning we heard the most terrifying sound in space , 'the universal plague warning signal . 'Commander John Koenig is in the North Quadrant 'investigating a belt of asteroids which gives hope of colonisation . ' Tony , it 's in a position to go into a high orbit around us . Magnify . Our Eagles are just Model Ts compared to that . It 's changed course . - Heading ? - Towards us . - It 's a plague ship , Tony . - I know . ( Man ) ' Weapons Section . ' Prepare lasers . Target that spaceship . 'Permission to land . Urgent . We require permission to land . ' Identify yourself , please . 'My name is Sahala , from the galaxy Croton . 'One of my crew is dead , another severely injured . 'I alone control the ship . Will you permit me to touch down ? ' - No ! No permission to touch down . - She says she has injured on board . Sahala , your ship is transmitting the universal plague signal . 'That is true . We have a plague on board , but isolated . 'There 's no danger to you . Please help us . ' Maya , run a scan on that ship . Croton ... Our Psychon astronomers did identify controlled sources of photon emission in the Third Galaxy . Scanner confirms . The ship is photon driven . What 's its armament ? It has no armament . Helena , get a medical team to the launch area . Take care of the injured . Wear anti-contamination suits and double-check there 's no danger to us from the plague - before you board . - Right . - You have permission to land . - ' Thank you . ' Alan , take Maya , meet the landing party , make sure there 's no threat . Lower launch pad to boarding level . Apart from skull fractures , she 's lost a lot of blood . But with your help , we must save her . How did it happen ? We have a criminal on board who nearly destroyed our civilisation . My mission was to deliver him to exile him on Theselena , a distant planet of our system . For a few disastrous moments he broke loose with this result . This criminal is the nature of the plague you carry ? Yes , but we now have him safe in isolation . She 'll go right to our medical centre . - What have you done ? - What I had to do . ( Beeping ) ( Beeping ) Not a thing . There 's no sign of decay , just some form of suspension . I 've never seen anything like it . - How 's Yesta ? - Not good . I 'm waiting for the lab report . We 'll have to operate . Because she 's a Psychon ! That gives you the right to shoot her ? Yes ! Because of what they 've done to my people . - We were ... - I don 't care what you were ! If Maya doesn 't come out of this , you 'll remain here locked in detention for the rest of your life . - Let me tell ... - You cannot tell me ANYTHING ! - Tony , give her a chance . - Alan , she gets nothing ! - Come on , Alan , let 's go . - In a second . OK , but a guard stays outside this door permanently . Thank you for trying to be kind . It 's not that I 'm a better listener than Tony , it 's just Maya means a lot to him . The Croton system is made up of many peoples in many planets , of which my planet Norva was one . Over decons , it has been cultivated into a peace-loving federation . The planet Psychon , is that a member ? We didn 't even know of its existence until the arrival of one named Dorzak . He came in a spaceship with other Psychons begging refuge , saying his planet was to be destroyed . Maya knew some of her people left Psychon before it blew up but she never knew if they made it to another system . Technologically they were advanced and we welcomed them on Norva . But soon we realised the Psychons were a virus destroying our society . Wait a minute . You 've got something out of balance . Maya is no virus . You don 't know Psychons like we do . Their power is insidious . Dorzak incited to violence people who had been at peace for years . But you said Dorzak is the prisoner . Yes , we developed a weapon to defeat him ... and the psychology to use it . - The weapon you used against Maya ? - The staser . Please help me . If Maya doesn 't recover ... Crotons don 't kill ! That was our weakness against Dorzak . - I can bring her back . - Do that and get Tony on your side . ( Beeping ) The staser . Can you convince him to trust me ? Let her prove you wrong , Tony . ( Beep ) I 've got a pulse . How do you feel ? I feel fine . Why ? Why did you do that ? Because you are a Psychon . I have experience with Psychons . - Get her away from me ! - It 's OK , Maya . - Get her away ! - Take it easy . I want her back in detention . With a guard outside her door at all times . Maya , one of the spaceships that escaped Psychon before it blew up , it made it to the Croton system . That 's wonderful ! Well , isn 't it ? They caused grief . It seems one of your people , Dorzak ... Dorzak ! Sahala says he turned on them , tried to take over . She 's lying ! She says he incited an insurrection on Norva . She 's lying , I tell you ! Dorzak was a philosopher , a poet , a man of peace ! He wouldn 't change . The claim is he caused great suffering . - That can 't be ! - She 's taking him to exile . - He 's alive ? - A prisoner on Sahala 's ship . - Here ? - Yeah . Tony , I want to see him . Please take me to him . Am I so much a leper I must eat alone ? I wouldn 't think of it . You seem somehow different from the others . Different ? No . We all come from the same planet , Earth . Unless you mean my accent . I guess I am a little different . On Earth I come from a country called Australia . Australia . Is that very important ? Yeah . It is to me . Our origins differ , but you are easy to be with , and kind . Because you are easy to be with . There 's one way to repay your kindness , by continually warning you of the danger you are in . Your Psychon will do her best to free Dorzak . Maya will do nothing she is not permitted to do . Their loyalty to each other transcends all other relationships . - You don 't know Maya . - No , but I do know Dorzak ! Even in stasis , he 's dangerous . One of my crew is dead , another near dead . They were selected for their ability to resist his psychological attack , but he still got through their defences . How ? 'It began when we were halfway to Theselena , where Dorzak was exiled . 'The journey to Theselena is the longest we make , 'and apart from the presence of Dorzak , 'the crew had to face the psychological stress of the flight . ' ( Beeping ) 'Clea was on watch when things began to go wrong . 'She was unfortunately not as strong as Yesta and myself 'against Dorzak 's fatal influence , even as he lay in stasis . ' ( Bleeping ) 'Computer to crew . Computer to crew . I wish to communicate . ' Speak . 'We are approaching a rogue asteroid , 'the former moon from planet Earth . 'Its trajectory is random . It is inhabited by 300 Earth people . 'Their culture is primitive , bound by laws of the ancient continent . 'They represent no danger to the mission . 'Adjustments have been made to avoid collision . 'Communication complete . ' Thank you , computer . ( Beeping ) ( Computer ) ' I am reporting a fault in the long-range communicator . - ' The fault lies ... ' - Quiet ! ( Beeping ) ( Beeping ) We have arrived in Theselena ? How could I ever allow them to submit you to that indignity ? - But where are we ? - Approaching an asteroid . There are 300 people there , backward , but potentially useful . What do you have in mind ? We could take over the ship , and use it to return to Norva . What about the others ? You could eliminate them , after the Psychon fashion . Why are you doing this for me ? Oh , Dorzak ! Clea ! Clea ! My wonderful Clea ! ( Laser fire ) Oh , no ! What have I been doing ? - He is evil , Clea . Evil . - I know . I know . Come , come . - How did it happen ? - I don 't know . I 'll get you something to drink . When I woke to take over the watch in the normal way , Yesta had nearly bled to death . What happened to Clea ? I released her from stasis , then she confessed what I just told you . The guilt was too much for her . She threw herself out into space . That 's when I changed course to ask for your help . Mr Verdeschi would like to see Sahala . Where is he ? At the docking port , waiting to enter the Croton ship . - Is the Psychon , Maya , with him ? - Yes . You see , it begins . Why must we wait for her permission ? Protocol . We don 't go aboard visiting spaceships without permission . - Even if she 's deceiving us ? - We 're not sure of that . - Permission to board your ship . - For what purpose ? - To talk to Dorzak . - You cannot . He 's in stasis . You can bring him out of stasis long enough for us to ask questions . You 'd help if you 're telling the truth . She is . Why don 't you listen ? If I am lying , why is Dorzak my prisoner ? Because he was in command and you were in stasis . Just like a Psychon to twist the truth . Quit stalling . Let us talk to Dorzak , we 'll learn the truth . - Get him out of stasis . - Too dangerous . There is a witness that knows what happened . - In the Medical Centre - Yesta . - She is still unconscious . It 's safer to wait till she wakes up . We don 't know that she ever will . Sahala , I don 't want to board without your permission , but I will . And it 's on kill . Mr Verdeschi , move from the entry hatch . Get her back to detention ! Let 's go find Dorzak . Thanks . You had me worried . I thought she 'd got to you . She has got to me . Impressive place . Yeah , the Crotons are obviously very cultured people . Just like the lady said . Something ? Yeah , looks more functional than ornamental . The other alcoves show no trace of anything similar . What do you think ? An electronic bug ? Could be . Maybe some kind of charm . Technical can check it out . ( Beep ) Dorzak ! That 's a force-field . He doesn 't look a menace there . He sleeps easy for somebody who perverts minds . He doesn 't pervert minds ! More than likely the Crotons were so impressed , they were drawn to him . Possibly his ideas were a threat to the Croton establishment . The Crotons were oppressing people , he was opposing them , of course they 'd exile him ! Then Sahala could be telling the truth about what happened . A version of the truth . Anything to stop us reviving him ! What if Sahala IS telling the truth ? If she is , it would be dangerous to revive him . Tony ? I 'm not sure we ought to take that risk . He 's a wonderful man ! I know him ! You KNEW him , Maya , on Psychon . You know nothing of him since he left . ( Bleep ) - ' Dr Russell ? ' - Yes , Ed . - ' We 're ready to operate . ' - I 'm on my way . Helena , if you can bring Yesta back to consciousness , it might help solve a lot of problems . Tony , I 'm not the only Psychon alive . I know . I think I can get him out of stasis . Why don 't we wait until we hear Yesta 's story . I never thought I 'd see anyone of my race again . I must speak to him ! If what Sahala said IS true ... Even if her accusations are true , he can 't harm anyone behind a force-field ! OK . Go ahead . See if you can revive him . First phase is to relieve cortical pressure caused by the fracture . At least we 've stopped the internal haemorrhage . It may recur . All monitors functioning ? Yeah . What do you make of this ? ( Helena ) I don 't know . It seems to be a metal alloy . Could be a deliberate implant of some kind . It 'll have to come out . It 's involved in the wound . All set , then ? ( Electric crackling ) Run some tests on this , Ed , please . ( Bleep ) - ' Tony . ' - Yes , Helena . Yesta will be out of the anaesthetic in a few minutes . OK . I 'll be right there . Maya , that force-field must remain intact . - I understand , Tony . - Let 's go , Alan . Get Sahala to Medical Centre . Maya , can you handle it ? Don 't worry . I wouldn 't do anything against Alpha . OK . ( Electronic crackling ) ( Crackling stops ) Dorzak ! Maya ? It IS Maya ? Daughter of Mentor ? But how are you here in this ship ? I thought you were dead . I survived the destruction of Psychon . The only survivor . We thought you were dead . I survived the hatred of the Crotons ... the only survivor . It 's just you and me , Maya . We 're the only Psychons alive . A force-field . I thought you came to rescue me , Maya . Am I still a prisoner ? Not for long . Sahala , the commander of this ship ... That evil being ! What lies has she told about me ? Her lies won 't help her now Yesta 's revived . Yes . If there 's a Croton with integrity , it 's Yesta . - Where is she ? - In Medical Centre . While we wait for the truth to come out , tell me of yourself , Maya , since I saw you last . ( Helena ) She 's coming out of it . Yesta . I am Yesta . ( Moans ) ( Maya ) Mentor tried restoring the planet with a biological computer . ( Groans ) Thank you , Dr Russell , for helping my friend . How is she ? She doesn 't know where she is . She doesn 't know me . A familiar face would be reassuring . Yesta . Sahala is here . Yesta . Yesta . ( Screams ) - Get away ! - It 's Sahala . - Take her away . - Yesta , please ! What we did to the Psychons is wrong . We should have left them in peace . - Yesta , listen to me . - No ! Get her away ! Get her away ! Get her away from me ! She killed Clea ! ( Maya ) But Mentor 's intellect was not sufficient . Psychon blew up . She 's dead . At least we know where we stand . - Maya . - ' Yes , Tony . ' It seems Dorzak is innocent . - I knew it . - ' If you can revive Dorzak ... ' I already have . Then I can release him from the force-field ? 'Yes . Take him to more comfortable quarters . Level D . ' Your faith sustained us both . Get her back to detention . She was obviously lying , Alan . Obviously ? Something doesn 't hang together here , Tony . She talked about Dorzak 's mind having power over other people . Maybe she 's the one with the power . Will you take some advice from a buddy ? - Stay away from her . - Something like that . - Hey , Sam . - Hi . Run a check on that , will you ? I just ran a check on the twin of that for Dr Russell . - Yeah ? How about filling me in . - Sure . This is the one removed from Yesta 's head . It 's a neuro-pulsonic jammer . - A deliberate implant ? - Dr Russell said that . What 's it supposed to jam ? Any ideas ? - These are organic psychowaves . - What does that mean ? Electrical impulses associated with extrasensory perception . If I was to give you an order or message , the impulses from my brain would look like that ? Yes , they would . You could jam that message if you had this in your head ? Exactly . Sam , did our sensors pick up any organic psychowaves like these transmitted today ? Yes , they did . You must tell me more about the technique of molecular transformation . Have you mastered it ? I have . Of course , with the help of my father . What about your friends on Alpha ? Have you taught them ? Only Psychons have the molecular structure that permits the transformation . Then you must teach me . ( Squeaks ) You 're so brilliant about everything , I enjoy doing something you cannot . You must teach me the principles . 'Maya , report to Medical Centre , please . ' I 'll be right there , Tony . Exercise your famous brain to find my friends a habitable planet , and I will teach you molecular transformation when I get back . ( Door opens ) There it is , just behind the ear . Right under the scalp flap . It 's a simple operation . Done in minutes . If only we 'd known what it was before we removed it from Yesta . Poor Yesta . She died with those foul accusations on her lips . She must be in misery thinking I blame her . No . Wherever she is , she 'd know you wouldn 't blame her . - You 're convinced I 'm truthful ? - Of course . Maya , look at this . It 's a neuro-pulsonic jammer . Its purpose is to jam electrical waves , amongst other things . Such as hypno-suggestion . Our sensors noted a hypno-suggestion transmission at 13 : 22 . That was the time when you brought Dorzak out of stasis . And they stopped just after Yesta 's death . She 's accusing Dorzak of transmitting those impulses ? Yes . The Crotons developed the device to jam psychowaves before they enter the brain . Then why was Clea affected ? - And Yesta ? - Clea was in love with Dorzak and removed the thing that protected her from his power . I take responsibility for Yesta . I removed the device and Dorzak had her say what he wanted us to hear . Helena , how can we be sure she 's not tricking us ? Maya , we can 't be sure of Dorzak , either . If he can control minds from stasis , he could take us over completely . The only one he can 't control is Sahala . Yes , give me a weapon . - I 'll capture him again . - No , Tony . Don 't worry , I don 't intend to do that . Would you escort the lady back to detention ? Please . It 's going to be OK this time . Maya , there IS a way to the truth . If Sahala and Dorzak were left alone together , all the cards would be on the table . If Dorzak suspects ... Be careful , Maya . ( Alarm ) 'Attention security personnel . 'The Croton Sahala has broken out of detention 'and has Dr Russell hostage at gunpoint . ' She is in Section L , proceeding towards the Croton ship . No one is to try to stop her . If I can help in any way . Thank you . If any of your people suffered injury because of me ... - How did it happen ? - I don 't know . What the hell were security doing ? Tell Sahala you 'll exchange me for Dr Russell . That is what she wants . It crossed my mind . They 're on their way to the Croton ship . 'I have a demand to make , Mr Verdeschi . ' Yeah , I 'll bet . Dorzak for Dr Russell . 'Correct . And should Dorzak make you reluctant , 'may I remind you that if I choose 'to ignite the photon drive before I am clear of Alpha , 'all life here will be extinguished ... - ' by radiation . ' - ' I thought Crotons didn 't kill . ' 'It 's the language you appear to understand . 'I expect the Psychon immediately . ' Dorzak . It 's absurd we should be at war . War seems to come naturally to you Psychons . This far from Norva , I see things clearer . You Crotons are in greater danger from yourselves than from Psychons . We are no longer in danger from you . But your civilisation is enfeebled by contentment . Psychons are steeled by the struggle for survival . You cannot subvert my mind as you did Yesta 's . It may be decons old , but your civilisation was based on military supremacy . Only when that was achieved could the luxury of culture grow . On the stasis couch ! This gun is set to kill . Yes , the couch is very comfortable . How did you subvert Yesta 's mind ? You should know that . Sahala would know . - Why do you tremble , Sahala ? - I am not trembling . Are you suddenly afraid of me ? Sahala would not be afraid of me . Do you know why you are afraid of me ? Because you are not Sahala . You are Maya ! You betrayed me . She must know by now ! Give her a couple of minutes , then we 'll go in . Is there some flaw in the Psychon nature that turns us into monsters ? First my father . And now you . Philosophy doesn 't win space for people to live . The struggle for survival makes monsters of us all . The Alphans aren 't warped by their struggle . A pathetic example of the lingering process of extinction . Without your help , they 'd be dead . They saved me ... from our doomed planet . You are a child , but you can be of great service to me . I refuse . Only Crotons are trained to operate this ship , so Sahala must be under my control . To do that I must have Dr Russell remove the neuro-pulsonic jammer . No ! I command you to convey to me the knowledge of molecular transformation . - It 's been too long . - Right . ( Beeping ) OK . Maya . - I was wrong . - Are you all right ? Not really . I could hardly believe what I heard ... from his own lips . - He 's not the Dorzak I know . - I 'll tell Sahala . Hey ! She can have her ship , but I want it off Moonbase as soon as possible . I was afraid . He 's in stasis now , Maya . There 's no need to be afraid . Hey ! I know what 'll cheer you up . How about a beer ? You know how my beer always cheers you up . - Yes , I 'd love some . - Well , great ! ( French accent ) Zere is a fabulous French restaurant I know on Level 9 , ooh-la-la ! Or we could have a nice , relaxing time , floating around in outer space . ( Humphrey Bogart voice ) C 'mon , let 's celebrate , sweetheart . In a while , Tony . I 'd like to apologise to Sahala . Apologise ! Come on , Maya , you don 't have to do that ! Please , Tony ! I 'll meet you in Command Centre . OK , but I 'll be waiting . Come on , Helena , let 's go . You go ahead , Tony . Before they leave , I 'd like to learn about stasis . It 's just not my day ! I want you to perform an operation for me , Doctor . Yes , Dorzak . Then , I may go back to my ship ? Maya caught him off guard . He thought he was talking to you . We got the truth . How can I thank you ? You could start by forgiving us for doubting you . I felt through it all you were my friend . I was ... and I am . Helena , I have the report you asked me for . Oh , thanks . - ' Tony . ' - Yes , Ed . 'Helena was just in here . ' She 's a doctor , that 's a medical centre ! 'She took some surgical instruments and walked out without a word . 'I had some reports she was anxious to see . She didn 't care . 'Her actions were ... very unusual . ' A lot of unusual things have happened lately , Ed . Maya even said she 'd love some of my beer ! That 's pretty unusual behaviour ... .. for Maya . It 's a relief to see him safely in stasis again . Don 't feel too comfortable . Mr Carter ... If you will hand your weapon to me . And now , Mr Carter , walk into the stasis chamber . Forgive me for pointing this at you , but until that implant is removed I cannot reach your mind . ( Dorzak ) Ah , Dr Russell . Would you kindly prepare yourself , Sahala ? Dr Russell has agreed to perform the necessary operation . ( Ed ) She just took the instruments out of that drawer , and walked out without a word . She 's just never acted that way before . - Was something bothering her ? - I 'm not sure . Dr Russell ... your patient is ready . Helena . Mr Verdeschi , hand me your weapon , please . - Helena , are you all right ? - Yes , I 'm all right . The wall ! ( Beeping ) ( Beeping ) - Oh , Tony ! - Welcome back . It 's all right , Maya . Everything is all right now . What happened ? I 'll let you know everything as soon as Dorzak 's behind this force-field . Very clever , these Earthlings . Easy , Tony . Nice job of inserting that capsule , Doctor . Nice job removing it , Doctor . Where 's Alan ? The least could do is thank me for saving his alien friend . He 's with his alien friend now . Crotons are conditioned never to be sad at a parting , but I 'm ashamed to say I am sad at this one . Well , I 'm not conditioned . And I 'm not ashamed of how I feel , knowing I 'll never see you again . How does your species say goodbye ? How do you say goodbye on Norva ? The way you say goodbye is better .
