 'Moonbase Alpha status report , 2,306 days after leaving Earth orbit . 'Dr Helena Russell recording . 'Five days ago , we detected two planets 'which may be capable of supporting life . 'Commander John Koenig has left in Eagle 1 'on a reconnaissance mission . 'With him is Blake Maine of Medical Rescue . ' ( Koenig ) Sensor reads vegetation . No other life forms . ( Blake ) Through the clouds , that looks like a city . ( Koenig ) Yeah , it is a city . Buildings , streets , some form of transportation system . Little coloured dots ... which could be human beings . - Check the atmosphere . - Atmosphere ... Nitrogen , hydrogen , oxygen . Breathable . Let 's take a look . - ( Beeping ) - I 'm picking up a life form signal , but it 's in a clearing , some miles north of the city . It 's all right . Home in on that signal . Let 's set her down in that clearing . ( Rapid beeping ) ( Beeping stops ) Commander , life form signal 's cut out . Let 's find out why . ( Koenig ) What 's this ? ( Beeping ) - Dead ? - No life signs . No wounds . No injuries , internal or external . Body perfectly preserved . Time of death - indeterminate . - Cause of death ? - That 's a good question . - Any theories , Blake ? - ' Tough to diagnose . 'Could have been a sonic beam , a high-potency ray , 'something that would have killed instantly . ' Can you give me a close-up of one of the victims ? Closer . Whatever it was , it hit the central nervous system . Must have caused tremendous pressure to explode those blood vessels . A form of nerve gas . 'A lethal pathogen that invaded their bodies , 'or bacteria released in the atmosphere . ' ( Whooshing ) No ! Don 't touch him ! Don 't go near him ! He could be contagious . Get off that planet ! The city too . Everybody on that planet is dead . 'If it was a nerve-killing pathogen our systems must be immune to it . ' Sensors show satellite of planet has same atmosphere , vegetation ... Let 's make a pass over that moon and see what we can pick up . We 'll track you , Eagle 1 . Over and out . Let 's take a closer look at that surface . - ( Alarm beeping ) - Malfunction ! Main drive ! Go to auxiliary . - Malfunction secondary drive ! - Emergency booster drive . It 's not functioning ! Koenig to Moonbase Alpha . We 're out of control . 'Koenig to Moonbase Alpha , repeat - out of con ... ' Alpha to Eagle 1 . Come in , Eagle 1 ! Get the exact location of that last transmission . - I 'll be in Eagle 4 . - Bill , I 'll come with you ! - Retro rockets ? - Not functioning . Retros functioning ! Vertical thrusters - maximum drive . Come on ! Let 's get out of here ! This thing 's liable to blow ! ( Whip cracking ) And I must submit to you , Elizia , that the only crime for which the prisoner can justly be accused is his use of the freedom of speech . To strip a being of this right , be he incarcerated here on the penal planet of Entra or a free man on the mother planet of Ellna , is to destroy one of the basic principles for which civilisations of all galaxies have fought . If you condemn the prisoner , then you condemn all life ... everywhere . I am touched by your eloquence , Crael . I , too , as mistress of Entra , embrace one 's right to freedom of speech . I have made this clear to you and to every prisoner ever sent here from the mother planet . But I have also heard testimony from others of how the prisoner arranged secret meetings , tried to stir this colony to insurrection ... - No ! - No ! It 's not true ! To overthrow the forces of authority . And so long as I am the ruling force , I will not tolerate any abuse of the freedom of speech , not by anyone . The alien 's weapon . And the alien ? In the security ward , with the interrogator . You shall be rewarded for your capture of the alien . Thank you . What of the Hunt - the prisoner ? He almost made the Sanctuary Column . Almost ... Dead ? Unconscious . Stunned . The Hunt for him . - It 's inhuman ! - Inhuman ? A chance for freedom , to return to Ellna ? One out of 100 survive the Hunt ! I call that inhuman . None of them would refuse the challenge . They all want the chance to go home . Well , who is he ? Subject 's name - John Koenig . Commander of Moonbase Alpha . ( Elizia ) What is Moonbase Alpha ? It was a satellite of a planet called Earth . It broke from orbit and is floating in space . There are 298 people aboard . He was caught in our atmospheric force field . He sent a message . Then his people will be searching for him . Well , they can have him . He knows . He has been to Ellna . He knows that everybody there is dead , that everybody sent there dies . Extract everything from his brain . That might kill him . Oh , well , we 'll give him a handsome funeral . We 're approaching the quadrant of the Commander 's last message . Try to find Eagle 1 on your sensors . You have been a model prisoner , and have earned the right to go home . One year off for good behaviour . You see , Crael ? There is justice when one earns it . Step into the transbeamer . Goodbye . Goodbye , Beron . Whenever you are ready , you may activate . May I speak , Elizia ? To deny you that would be to deny you freedom of speech , would it not ? We have released many prisoners . We never hear from them again , and Ellna has stopped sending any new prisoners . The acts of crime for being sent to Entra must have dropped . I 'm not the only one to ask . I speak for many others . Everyone listens to the weekly reports beamed here . They hear news from their home , their families . - What is there to wonder about ? - Hearing news is not seeing news . There was a time when a man could see his wife on the screen , and his children . Not any more . You prisoners are political troublemakers . It 's your nature to be discontent , to cause trouble . We cause no more trouble . You 've beaten us down , siphoned the militancy out of us . It 's not torture that has neutralised your militancy . It 's the yearning in all of you to leave this satellite and return to our beautiful Ellna . A yearning very few of us have realised . There are two ways to realise it . To complete the term of imprisonment on good behaviour , or to beat the Hunt . I applaud you for your understanding of human rights ( ! ) How fortunate that you never cease to amuse me , Crael ! ( Interrogator ) I 'll put his thoughts on the screen . ( Beeping ) Spacecraft engineering . ( Elizia ) Friends . Let us observe his friends . ( Beeping ) A metamorph ! He is very attractive . But this one ... I find especially appealing . Does the species know passion ? Yes ... very interesting . Which ? His spacecraft , his friends or his romances ? Have you taped his brain for medical knowledge ? Does he know how to produce immunity to the bacteria on the Home Planet ? Why didn 't he die ? I don 't know yet . I can 't tell how much he knows . His brain resists certain questions . He has a strong will . Weaken it . His brain composition differs from ours in certain areas . A leader treats people as equals , bends to their will on occasions . - So should we all , on occasion . - Meaning what ? Unrest . The prisoners are beginning to wonder about things on the Home Planet . You 're beginning to sound like Crael . Tell them the truth - they might understand . - They would become ungovernable . - They 'll learn the truth some day . If they learn the truth , then we 're all doomed . I am our barrier against disaster . He has seen our Home Planet - he will tell them . They won 't believe him . Their minds have been programmed to think my way . And if they break through that programming ? I fear nothing . My guards are loyal to me . Cease interrogation . Send him to block three . But do nothing to disfigure him . Where are you from , alien ? - I 'm from Moonbase Alpha . - Never heard of it . My Eagle ... My spacecraft crashed on your planet . 'Elizia never tires of sending spies . ' 'Now , wait a minute ! Nobody sent me ! ' 'We are not plotting an insurrection ! 'All we plan is how to outwit the hunters , and that is permitted ! ' The Hunt ? You mean ... you want to be hunted ? That 's right , spy , alien , whatever you are ! We volunteer for the Hunt . If we reach the Sanctuary Column without being killed first , we get to go free , to go home ! You mean down there ? To Ellna - Home Planet . Everybody 's dead down there . - You liar ! - Wait a minute , I was there . I saw all the people . All of them are dead . But my family 's on Ellna ... ! She sent you to lie ! Hold it ! Hold it ! Stop ! Listen to me ! I was on that planet . I saw a man transported there . He died instantly . 'What killed him ? What killed all of them ? 'And how come you didn 't die ? ' 'I don 't know what killed them - maybe some sort of a plague . ' I don 't know why I didn 't die . Maybe I have some sort of immunity . ( PA chimes ) ( PA ) ' Attention , all prisoners . Attention , all prisoners . 'This is your weekly news from Home Planet . ' The wife of prisoner Branik gave birth to a son at mid-time on Solarday . Both are doing well . Congratulations , prisoner Branik . 'A large party was given by the family and friends of Strok Beron , 'celebrating his beam back from the penal colony at Entra . ' - So everyone 's dead on Home Planet ? - I know what I saw ! And Beron died the minute he got out of the transbeamer ( ? ) 'But only you got immunity ... spy ! ' I wonder how immune you 'll be to a noose around your neck . You 've been brainwashed ! They 're all dead ! ( Groans ) ( Whimpering ) Thanks . It would have been such a waste . I agree . I am Elizia , overseer of this penal colony . Elizia ... They thought I was your spy . Which only goes to prove my contention . Prisoners who try to think are dangerous . If I may , I 'd like to contact my base , have someone pick me up . I cannot allow any aliens to land here . I don 't understand . I mean , we 're no threat to you . My name is John Koenig , I 'm commander of Moonbase Alpha . Yes , I know about you . We 've probed your brain . ETA - precisely three hours . You say you 've probed my brain . Then you know you can 't keep me here . - You overestimate yourself . - My people will come for me . Why should you wish to rush from my presence ? Stay with me ... and you will experience undreamed-of pleasure ... Well , until I tire of you ! What 's your boredom quotient ? That would be determined by you . 'Alien spaceship is within our outer quadrant on a direct course for us . ' Put him behind the screening panel . Sensors pinpoint site of wreckage at left 083 degrees . Got it . 083 ... 'You are approaching the penal colony of Entra . 'You are in danger - stay clear ! ' We detect one of our spacecraft . We request permission to land . 'Permission refused . No ship is permitted to land on this planet . ' - Two of our pilots are in that . - They died in the crash . Then we must land to return them to Moonbase Alpha . 'You will not penetrate our shield . ' We 're coming in to land ... shooting , if we have to ! Do they have that capability ? We 're being scanned . They carry missiles ... but not powerful enough to penetrate our defence shield . 'If you try to land , your electronic systems will burn out . ' We 've contacted our base . They know we intend to land . If we don 't make it , Alpha will send more powerful weapons to blast you . 'Your philosophy will not permit you to . ' Try us ! You have one minute to decide . - You lied ! - No , I didn 't ! You said you do not commit violence . We 're not like you . We do not commit mindless violence . You do deprive yourselves of pleasure ! One minute . - Are you OK ? - ' You are cleared to land . 'Go on automatic . Our controller will guide you in safely . ' And when they find out ? They will only find evidence of two deaths . The one who has already died ... and his . ( Crael ) The boots are important - we need the footprints . Clear ? Now , go straight ahead . Up to the fence ? That 's it ? Up to the fence . Into the middle . What 's the matter ? Not that I don 't trust you , but I have my rights , and one of them is to stay alive . Look , the fence is switched off ! Just go into the middle and take your clothes off . You first . - Elizia ? - ' Yes , Crael ? ' You promised you wouldn 't do this . It 's worse than the Hunt . A choice between a promise and self-preservation , Crael . What choice would you have made ? As you said - how could I risk all I have worked for ? Fraser ! Fraser ! Alibe ! Can you ... ? ! I am Elizia , keeper of the penal colony of Entra . - I trust you had a smooth landing . - Very , thanks to your controller . I 'm Fraser of Moonbase Alpha . Alibe , communications officer , Moonbase Alpha . This is my head of security . We have refreshments waiting . Thanks , but we 'd like to get to the scene of the crash . Under the circumstances , refreshments are not our top priority . No , of course not . I do understand . The pilot section isn 't totalled . They survived ! Yes , they did survive the crash . But unfortunately , after your spaceship crashed , and before we could reach them , they stumbled into one of our fences . And walked into it here . As you can see , Commander Koenig 's footprints ... go to here . ( Engines roaring ) The transbeamer , the magic door to the Home Planet . Attaining it is the dream of every prisoner on Entra . The magic door to certain death . A failing of your race is your inability to see the positive in the negative . Doublethink . Doublethink ? Your game with words . On my planet , we 'd call it doublethink . Oh , but you are on my planet and I call it ... hope . Hope ? What kind of hope ends in extinction ? Philosophical hope . Psychological hope . The hope without which there would be nothing but despair . The hope that makes them eager to be the quarry in the Hunt . The hope that they will reach the Sanctuary Column before they are taken . And what is the prize ? To enter the transbeamer so you can send them home ? They send themselves ! - Another example of doublethink . - Similar to your situation . You 're alive , but your people think you 're dead . And remaining alive is dependent on your entertainment quotient . You have a half-life until you irritate or bore me . ( Zap ) ( Chuckles ) This promises to be more enjoyable than I had anticipated . - In front of an audience ? - Of course ! No ... Let him get a good start . After all , we always give the hunted a fair chance . And when he is cornered , he must not die quickly . He must suffer more than an Entran . He is an alien who has shown contempt for our culture and our authority . After him , then , for the glory of Entra and rewards beyond your dreams . ( Beeps ) Eagle 1 to Moonbase Alpha . 'Eagle 1 to Moonbase Alpha . Are you receiving me ? ' No communication can penetrate the defence shield . 'Come in , Alpha . ' It has been made harmless . ( Beeping ) It 's no use trying to contact your people ! Your signal cannot get through our defence shield ! He is walking in the direction of the main complex . Interrogator , the alien is returning to our custody . Permit no one to interfere with his progress . You will wait until Elizia arrives . Agreed . - Mind if I wait over here ? - You may not ! Remain where you are . I 'm just making it easier to transport me . Transportation is for those who outwit the hunters . And you have not ! What 's more important ... is I 've outwitted you ! If you activate the transbeamer , you will be disintegrated . Yes ... but if she fires , she 'll disintegrate this transbeamer , and none of you will ever see home again ! If there 's no hope for the prisoners , we 'll be unable to control them . We will find another way . ( Guard ) But what about us ? Some of us are completing our tour of duty . We wait to go home . The alien is full of surprises . Yes , Crael , he 's treacherous and devious . Drag him out of the transbeamer . Hear me first . There is talk amongst the prisoners that the alien claimed all are dead on Ellna . Is that so , alien ? Yes , that 's true . Everybody on Ellna is dead . ( All ) No ! Elizia knows it , but she 's lied to you . He lies . If everyone were dead on Ellna , why would he want to go there ? - Take him ! - Wait ! Wouldn 't you prefer death to torture ? To Elizia 's brand of torture ? Order your guards to do it or you 'll end up in a cell . ( Koenig ) Elizia 's lies are your only prison ! - Make her tell you the truth . - There is no death on Ellna ! If that 's so , Elizia can follow and bring me back . Well , let him go . He has a criminal mind . - Ellna will send him back . - Unless he 's telling the truth . ( Beeping ) ( Beeping continues ) Code numbered Eagle 1 ! - That 's impossible ! - Let 's find out ! Do you doubt me and believe an alien ? He lies , I tell you ! Tell them he lies ! I am not political . Tell them , Crael ! I know you relish challenge . Prove to them that Ellna is what you say it is , otherwise they 'll flay you alive . And when I come back ... they will worship me again . And if you don 't come back , they 'll curse you as a tyrant . Which do you desire it to be ? Whichever gives us most hope . At least I 'll take you with me ! ( Engines roaring )
