 FANTASTIC COMEDY An electronic computer , searching in the vast cosmos found that only 19 thousand planets could have life like planet Earth . This 19 thousands are new planets , and they have primary life forms . On other planets civilization has reached unexpected heights . The beings from this planets are suffering . They suffer from the lack of energy . Huge telescopes are investigating the universe , and when they find a new idea about a new fuel , they urgently send a robot on that planet . It is made to look like his creators . Now we gonna show you some of this UFO 's pictures . This pictures are driving me crazy , you can 't even eat a soup ! ... .. in a trip with his family on mountain CocoDiPabla . As you remember dear viewers , in a recent issue we informed you about a rocket built in the courtyard of his house by a provincial professor . This strange creation , was the subject of some contradictory discussions . Last night a fire destroyed the rocket . We went to the crime scene . Here are some images from last night . The professor was immediately taken to hospital . Following the received information , his health is out of danger . The professor said that after he will ... ..... he ... .... condition ... . of his rocket ... . Is the boy going to school ? He learns well , he wants to become a spaceman . Do you know the professor ? It 's his teacher . Common , say something ! Have you seen the rocket ? You flew with it ? How can he fly , you don 't see that is just a kid ? Has anyone flew with the rocket ? If he flyed with the rocket you say ... ... What are you talking about ? Has the professor flew with it ? A rocket is a rocket . You don 't build a rocket with scram . But it was a real rocket , I was inside . What does this kid know ? It 's a toy , made from tin cans . The teacher had specialized studies ? Yah , he built it after his head . A PERSONAL CREATION , UNIQUE ! Let 's be serious ... ...... What was the fuel of the rocket ? There was no fuel , and in my opinion was not like any rocket . How does it look like ? This is a mystery , maybe with some invention . That 's nonsense . It was good in an amusement park . Let 's be serious ... ............. Too bad that they burned it , it was very beautiful , UNICAT ! Why did they burned it ? The professor , was married ? Are you serious ? Eh , the world says ... ..... If he wanted to marry , he would find a good woman , not Tapiru 's girlfriend . It was a very respected lady , let 's be serious . Who 's Tapiru ? Tapiru has burned the rocket . He caught her with the professor . He hasn 't caught her ! We all know Mr. Tapiru . The rocket was able to fly ? The rocket was able to fly ? ( arguing in the background ) The rocket was able to fly ? I was inside . Can I stay over the night ? Lead the Mr. to room 13 . What 's up dear , what 's up ? It 's nothing , what could it be ? Are you going to school tomorrow ? I 'll go , but my teacher is sick . He 's at home ? No , he was taken to hospital by ambulance . Can we see the rocket ? It 's in the yard , but it 's demolished . You saw him when he build it ? I worked on it myself . What was your work ? I was responible with the screws . When I found a screw , I took it to the professor . Where could you find screws ? Occasionally . At first , I 've unscrewed from trucks , fences , until the professor eard me . But it doesn 't hurt me , because he 's a good man . The rocket was build from scram ? He was reconditioning the scram , it was like new . You couldn 't see a tin can , a bike wheel or something else . It was a real rocket . Have you flyed with the rocket ? No , we had to fly it during the holiday . What 's that holiday ? Holiday is when the school ends . Are we going to school tomorrow ? Yes . Good Night . Holiday . Ho-li-day . Y-a-d-i-l-o-h . Mom , the mister upstairs doesn 't know what a holiday is . He looks like he was dropped from the moon . You don 't build a rocket with scram . There was no fuel . A toy , made from tin cans . I was responsible with the screws . It was a real rocket . Leave me alone . That 's nonsense . It was good in an amusement park .. A PERSONAL CREATION , UNIQUE ! Holiday is when school ends . An extraordinary name , prepared very well . He often forget that they are children and he kept them true academic conferences . Do you believe me , sir ? Even I , did not understand everything . A very weird man . I could say ... .. an excellent professor , respected by everyone . He had a hobby . He was filming and photographing all the day . Weird , very weird . He was not like an ordinary man . Do you believe in aliens ? I 'm curious ... ........ They 're robots , they look like us , and we can 't distinguish them . They talk , they sing , because they have a computer instead of a brain . Do you believe that the professor was an alien too ? I don 't say anything , but you know what the people says , that even Leonardo Da Vinci was an alien . But he stayed here on Earth to teach us new things . He wasn 't punished by aliens because at their school he was the most stupid student . Do you believe that the professor ... .. All the things done by the professor were ... .... strange . Very strange . In one evening ... .. Sir , what brings you here ? What are you saying ? He tried to reconstruct the appearance of life in a large bowl with water . Interesting , but I have another question . The rocket was able to fly ? I believe that the professor was flying the rocket . Wait , wait . Kids , ask the professor to do one more gym hour . Sir , the principal said to do one more gym hour . Attention ! He was flying ? Every day . With what fuel ? Without fuel . See that hole in the ceiling ? An ink passed throught there . Have you seen you all this ? I just assumed , since the ink pot came through the ceiling . Have you seen the ink pot coming throught ceiling ? But it 's not normal since you can see the hole and the ink ? Maybe a student threw it . This were the professor words , to hide his invention . Sometimes I 'm afraid of the professor . Move him to another school ! Please , mister inspector ! Inspector ? I don 't understand . With what kind of fuel does it work ? With string . How much you gave on this ? 3 buttons like this . How much dollars it costs ? Miss ? Is Mr. Tapiru at home ? You 're Mr. Tapiru ? Good evening . Have you demolished the rocket ? That contruction was no well consolidated . Whenever it might fall over the children . The rocket was able to fly ? Rocket ? You call that bullshit a rocket ? Have you seen it flying ? Are you crazy ? No way . If you want to know the truth , ask the other ones too . The rocket was just a prank . It was made for other purposes . What was the professor doing inside ... .... He was creating life ? And yet how . Have you seen him making fishes with legs ? Fishes with legs ? Sure , I saw fishes with legs , and butterflies with hooves . He also made a snail with hair on his chest . I think you 're kidding me ! I 'm interested on the professor work . The story with the rocket is a lie . I don 't understand . He made the rocket as a bait for naive girls He fooled Corina with this . Tell me , please . Please turn it off . Japanese Tape Recorder . It 's empty on the inside . His mechanism is so miniaturized that you can 't see it with the naked eye . At my password , " ura " , atack . Now , split up . I 'm pretty anger by nature and the professor pulled me out of my mind . The Band is over ? No , it works with dried chromosomes . You 're from the police . No . No investigation ? No . Then , why did I told this to you ? Be calm . Well , you can see that I 'm calm ! He 's not calm .. We are calm , we are calm , yes ! We take the coin from the pocket , we put it ... .. and , if the screen shows 2 oranges and one lemon we are rich .. Congratulations . You think that the rocket ... .. Maybe it was a prototype . You make me yell , it is a bunch of scram ! Maybe it 's a flying saucer . Nonsense , nonsense ! Have you seen it flying ? Take him , take him ! I just wanted to know if it flies . ( memories ) Kid , how was this professor ? He was a good man , when he gave us a bad mark he was sad . But he wasn 't guilty , we were . He was like , Frankenstein ? No ! He was a Don Juan ? No , he was a good man . Tell . The professor took us to museums and shows us all kind of devices . Do you know Miss Corina ? Where can I find Miss Corina ? Come on , stop faking . Tell me about the rocket . Let 's go to Miss Corina . Miss Corina ? Good Evening . Do you love the professor ? No , I mean yes . Everybody loves him . Are you enloved with Mr. Tapiru . I think I know what are you talking about . I 've loved this man , now everything is over . He was unfair with the professor . Have you seen the rocket ? It was like a dream . Marble sarcophagus where the coffin of a young girl was found . Garlands of flowers , ornamental objects that were found in the coffin . There have also been found , necklaces , combs , earrings , spoons , saucers , bracelets , jewelry boxes , Objects that in the faith of the ancients are accompanying the dead on the way to other worlds . I 've hear that the cosmonauts are taking with them the toothbrush , razor and other . The Fantastic Snake , a unique . It shows very interesting features : ram 's head , human ears and hair , feathered serpent body and very interesting a lion 's tail . For the ancients this was a god . With that our visit is ended . Have you seen the rocket ? It was , it was just inventions . Everything was made with love , and a lot of finesse . It was able to be flyed ? It was . The teacher said that it could fly 2 milions years . What kind of fuel ? I don 't know . The professor studies a lot , is a scholar . He 's interested in flying saucers , or UFO 's . He always laughed when he was reading the newspaper . His rocket was a flying saucer ? I don 't know , it was , it was something , how can I tell you , extraordinary . The professor told me about his plan . He said that at his rocket launch , journalists from all over the world will be there and they 'll filming for the whole earth . And it was flyed just with music ? Of course ! Tell me . And , after 2 million years ... ... Could the man be born , just like this , in a large bowl of water ? Don 't you think that it 's an extraordinary idea ? Good morning , my child . My dear child , you 've grown up . I 'm your father . You can see me , I can 't see you because I 'm dead by 2 million years . And now I 'll teach about the life . It 's awful , the child should be afraid of his father 's face ? You know , the professor always thought as a scientist , like a men . He has forgotten how important is the love of mother . The professor stopped making people in cosmos ? Not at all . The thing with the love wasn 't set up , that 's all . The child had to develop under the guidance of a robot , driven by a computer . I was thinking as a women , as a mother . I imagine the child alone in the rocket , without consolation . Who 's gonna take care of him if it 's sick ? I 've always told the professor : Childrens aren 't growing up just with knowledge ! Look , how many do not attend school and become like Tapiru ? Are you a musician ? Not at all , can you see that ? Due to me , the professor introduced singing lessons in the computer . Very well , one more time . Again ? Here you have everything you need , you can order all the rocket . Look , you see ? This is a computer . I don 't think you understand but you have all the time in the world . In this cards , more exactly in this holes you can find all the wisdom of the 20th century . First let 's start with ABC . And now the gym hour . And ... . 1,2,3,4 Breathing . Running . And ! 1,2,3,4 , 1,2,3,4 Lift your legs ! 1,2,3,4 Breathing . And now I will try to tell you a story that I 'm sure you gonna like it . It 's about the beginning of the life on planet Earth . What you see here are images of the Paleozoic era An era that lasted longer ... .... Meanwhile , some scientists have changed their minds . The man is not a monkey ! It is a separate species , at least for a time . Now , I 'll show you a short history . This is my idea , To instill a flower from the 20th century on a planet in the universe . Why they are missing pages ? But , why were the missing pages ? The professor informed the young from the rocket about the achievements of our century . He hide a thing , the ugly face of people . He shred all the pages of books that show poverty , misery ... From Romeo and Juliet only the balcony scene remained , and from Hamlet only the covers . Can you imagine ... .. The poor child , alone in cosmos , perfect and undefiled , as a free game of a scientific genius . Who needs such perfection ? Better lived among men , with a purpose , to know about this perfection if it exists to help others become better ... ... But he has his ideas ... .. My dear , I imagine your joy , today , you 're 21 years old . Happy birthday , son ! You embody the most valuable thing of science , now you can discover the philosophical stone I envy you ... ... And I 'm proud of you , I created a perfect man . Look at your work ! Done scientifically , scientifically educated , I 'm perfect ! I 'm a doctor , I 'm an engineer , I 'm an architect ! I learned elegant manners ! Why , why ? Why I 've learned to count , to count the days without sun ... .. Whem I 'm awake I 'm rational . But at night , have you ever think that I 'm dreaming ? The dreams torments me , there , in my dreams i bath in the clear water of the rivers , and I compete with the young and old . And i collect the same flower , for the same girl . Huh ? The robots have dreams ? Common , answer me , please ! Please answer me ! Have mercy of a perfect man ! I didn 't understand your words , the microphones were jammed . You 've screamed , you 've screamed my dear . Maybe you suffer , perhaps my experience is too hard for you . I have a surprize for you , form 75563bc . You will make a trip to Earth . See ? In the cabin appeared four screens . On each screen an image will be projected . You have a lot of fantasy ! Do you think so ? You 'll make an extraordinary article . I would call it " Pasarea Phoenix " . What 's an article ? You 're not a reporter ? You 're not from the newspaper ? No ! I think tha you came with the rocket ... ........ I 'm a robot Who 's not a robot in our days ? No , I 'm a real robot . I 'm sent from Neptun to find new energies . Now it 's your turn to tell stories ! And finally , what energy you have discovered . ? The rockets are flying with fuel , like usual rockets . But the people have an inexhaustible energy . Humor and fantasy . Common , this sir is starting to tell jokes ! Compliments to the neutrons . If I did not have wires instead of heart I 'd fall in love with her ? . Will you come to us again ? On holiday . Y-a-d-i-l-o-h . THE END
