 The 500-year-old man who 's going to save us from the Trebor ? [ Narrator ] Buck frees a group ofbeautiful women from their tyrannical master , then faces the ruthless killer himself in an electrifying duel to the death : Our people have to fight the Trebor : Destroy him : So this is the indestructible Roshon ? The Trebor has some kind of circuitry implanted under his skin : Are you sure you wanna meet him like this : : : Alone ? No one kills the Roshon but the Trebor : [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : I still can 't get over how much you 've grown , Maya : Oh , I 'm not that old , Vione : Old enough to turn the head of every young man in Gaan : The Trebor has asked for Maya : No : My father will never allow this : Prime Minister Darius ? What is he gonna do ? He 's just like the rest of the Katarians , helpless and weak : [ Grunts ] Vione : Vione : [ Cries ] We must do something : What can we do against the Trebor ? He totally controls us with his military power , his secret police : He 's taken dozens of our women to add to his harem : He regularly murders our best warriors for sport : The people are terrified , Darius : They never resist him : Without their support , we 're helpless : Darius , if the people had someone as great or even greater than the Trebor to believe in ... Greater than the Trebor ? Yes : - I 'm speaking of the Roshon : - The Roshon 's a myth , Neil : The 500-year-old man who 's going to save us from the Trebor ? - A childhood fable : - Which many of our people still believe in : Darius , there 's a Terran named Buck Rogers : He is said to be 500 years old : We need more than myths to defeat the Trebor and the police : Rogers is no myth : His age can be validated : That 's impossible : We could bring him here to Katar : Present him to the people : The people need someone to rally them : Someone to give them faith in themselves : To move against the Trebor : Darius , you can 't take this foolishness seriously ? Well , it 's more than we have now , Kelan : I 'm ready to leave for Earth immediately , sir : If the Trebor finds out about this , his reaction could be very unfavorable : We have nothing to lose : Last one to the hangar 's a rotten egg , Wilma : - A what ? - You know , an egg , Wilma : It 's , uh , white , kinda round : Uh , chickens lay them : Yeah , well , forget it : I guess you had to be there : Sorry I missed it : Tell me something , Wilma : You see what I see at about 2 : 00 ? - That guy 's in trouble : - Yeah , and badly outnumbered : This is Colonel Wilma Deering , Commander of the Earth Defense Directorate : You are violating Terran airspace : Cease firing and identify yourselves : They 're not talkers , Wilma : Let 's give the guy a hand : I 'm right behind you , Buck : You take the one on the right , Wilma : I 'll take the other one : This is Deputy Minister Neil of Katar : Thanks so much for your help : It 's our pleasure : Captain Rogers and Colonel Deering here : Glad we could be of assistance : [ Wilma ] Looks like you 've sustained damage to your ship : Yeah : I guess I have : Well , we 're on our way to New Chicago on Earth : - We 'll escort you in and see about fixing your ship : - I 'll follow you in : We still haven 't determined the origin of those fighters , Deputy Minister : Any ideas ? Pirates , I suppose : Well , more than likely : Please , be seated : Thank you : I wish there was some way I could repay you , Captain : Both of you : - Well , it 's not really necessary : - I have an idea : Dr : Huer 's offered me transportation back to Katar : Why don 't you come with me ? You and Colonel Deering : Be my guest for a few days in Gaan : It 's an exquisite city : I 'd love to , but I couldn 't possibly get away : Thank you : Captain ? It would be a great privilege : Well , I 've never been to the 13th Quadrant : - Then it 's decided : - [ Chirping ] I 'll go get us packed , Buck : Twiki , your manners are showing , I 'm afraid : I 'm not sure that this is a weekend for two : Of course your friend can come : I 'm sure my people would find him enchanting : - [ Chirping ] Naturally : - [ Laughing ] Thank you , Colonel , for your help : Doctor : Safe trip , Deputy Minister : Thank you , sir : Captain Rogers , I 'd like to present Darius , Prime Minister of Katar , his Deputy Minister Kelan ... And my daughter , Vione : Captain Rogers , we owe you our thanks : It was no big deal : Really : You 're much too modest , Captain : Your reputation has reached even the 13th Quadrant : - It has ? - [ Chirping ] A legend in your own time : - And ours : - Mm-hmm : I suppose we might as well get right to the point : - And what point is that ? - The reason we brought you here : [ Chirping ] Uh-oh : Brought me here ? Prepare the combat area for broadcast : Oh , Maya : Maya , welcome : You 're just in time , my darling : I shall dedicate this contest to you : Please : Please , make yourself comfortable : Yeah : Yes : - Neil reached Earth : - He survived ? And returned with a Terran named Buck Rogers : A man supposedly born in the 20th century : Oh , yes : Yes : Darius cleverly resurrected an ancient myth that a 500-year-old man : : : Would duel the Trebor to the death and free the planet forever : [ Laughs ] People believe in the Roshon : Greta , the Roshon does not exist : [ Whirring ] However , if this Buck Rogers is giving them a false sense of courage , well , then he 's a nuisance , and he should be removed : Gentlemen , I have a job for you in Gaan : Look , I am not your Roshon , or whatever it is you call it : I 'm just me , Buck Rogers : Captain Rogers , all we 're asking is that you appear to be the Roshon : Long enough for the people to find the courage to stand up to the Trebor : Look , I can 't give your people courage or direction : They 're gonna have to find that through themselves : Can 't you see that ? - The captain 's right , Darius : - But the people can 't do it : Not alone : They need help : Why ? This is their planet : I don 't understand : People of Katar : Attention : The contest is about to begin : This will help you understand why : Once monthly , the Trebor selects one soldier to fight to the death : The " contest " is broadcast across the entire planet : Doesn 't anyone around here ever say no to this character ? Acceptance is mandatory : It is the duel or summary execution : It has taken the cream of our officer corps : Begin , Katarian : - He is impressive : - We need your help , Captain : - Without it ... - Captain , we , of course , cannot make you do anything : But , please , think about this : I 'm still not sure what I can do : It is late : Vione will show you to your quarters : We can talk tomorrow : [ Chirping ] That doesn 't look like the welcome wagon , Buck : Are you all right , Captain ? Yeah , I 'm fine : Just not too impressed with Katarian hospitality : Oh , those weren 't Katarians : Those were assassins sent by the Trebor : - Assassins for me ? - The Trebor has learned of your arrival : What a nice welcome : Remind me to send him a thank you note sometime : [ Woman Crying ] [ Crying Continues ] [ Chirping ] What 's the matter , Buck ? [ Crying ] Vione , what 's wrong ? It 's Maya , my younger sister : The Trebor 's men took her to him : Took her ? What for ? The Trebor has many wives : He keeps them in the palace with him : He 's going to force Maya to marry him : I 'm so afraid we 'll never see her again : [ Sobbing ] Captain Rogers , our people have to fight the Trebor : Destroy him : We need your help to get started : All right : I 'll see what I can do : Buck , thank you : You 're welcome , but I haven 't done anything yet : [ Chuckles ] Yes , you have : You 're so different from the men I 've known : What are you doing ? Getting a little help from my friends : - How 's your vacation going , Buck ? - It looks like it 's gonna be a lot of work , Doc : Oh , really ? How so ? I 'll fill you in later : Right now I need some information : On what ? A guy called a Trebor : - He 's a shogun up here ... a dictator : - Yes : What about him ? Get me anything you can on him : Especially anything about what he does with electricity : Electricity ? That hasn 't been used in over 400 years , Buck : Wrong , Doc : This Trebor is using it right here in Katar : - Are you all right , Buck ? - So far : Get back to me with that information as quickly as possible : Yes , of course : Be careful : Don 't worry , Doc : I intend to be : Rogers out : The Trebor ? Yes : I 've never heard of him : Hmm : I think I better check this out at the archives : Good idea : Maya , how do you like your new home , girl ? This isn 't a home : It 's a prison : Come : Come : It 's a privilege to be here : Not for me : Maya : You 're to be my bride in just a matter of days : I 'd rather be dead : Well , that is an alternative : Don 't be foolish , girl : Now , no one can help you here : You are mine , girl : It can be quite enjoyable : Take her to the women 's quarters : Ah : You 've decided to help us ... That 's wonderful news , Captain : We should make plans to present you to the people as soon as possible : Well , that 's fine : But it 's just talk : What we need is action : - What 'd you have in mind , Captain ? - A lightning raid against the Trebor 's palace : You supply me with a handful of your best men , show me a way inside , we 'll free your women : : : And then we 'll go after the Trebor himself : - That 's ridiculous : - But bold : And imaginative : The last thing the Trebor would expect is an attack against his own palace : - It 's a suicide mission : - Suicide , Kelan ? Our daughters are experiencing a living death right now : There 's a system of secret conduits underneath that palace : That could be our entrance : All right : I 'll need transport , weapons , and a schematic of the palace : - I 'll get them for you immediately : - [ Chirping ] Looks like all systems are go , Buck : Hello ? Dr : Junius ? Anybody here ? [ Man ] Dr : Junius is out : I 'm in : Dr : Albert : Oh : An early-model hand laser : We haven 't figured out how it works yet : Uh , Dr : Albert , I spoke with , uh , Dr : Junius earlier this morning : : : About a man called , um , the Trebor : Trebor ? Trebor : Trebor : Oh , yes , yes : Oh , yes : Junius left the information here somewhere : Uh , Trebor : Trebor : Trebor : Trebor : Oh , here it is : I got it : It 's over here : Uh , what does it say ? Oh : Your Trebor is the warlord on a planet called Katar : That 's in the 13th Quadrant : He 's the 17 th Trebor to rule over Katar : Uh , go on : What else does it say ? Oh : This is rather extraordinary : It seems he spent several years on a planet called Volton : Volton ? L ... Yes : Yes : He lived among a race of beings who existed only as electrical energy : Yes : Buck mentioned something about electricity : When he was there , he had minute electronic circuitry implanted under his skin : Well , he 's apparently capable of creating enormous amounts of electrical power himself : - And directing it : - [ Chuckles ] What do mean by directing it ? Well , your Trebor is able to hurl an electrical charge ... a surge : He 's been known to use it as a very effective weapon : Yes : It 's , uh ... It 's considered to be quite dangerous : In fact , even-even deadly : Thank you : Thank you : Where are the rest of the men ? They 'll meet us at the shuttle : We 'll land some distance from the palace and then walk in : We don 't anticipate any problems with guards until we get inside : All right : Twiki , wait for me back in my quarters , all right ? [ Chirping ] Okay , Buck : But don 't be too long : Stay near the comm center , Kelan : If an emergency arises , contact us immediately : Of course , Darius : Safe journey : [ Beeping ] [ Man ] Central Communications : Yes , Deputy Minister ? My vid-phone : There 's something wrong with it : I 'm getting nothing but static : It 's not the vid-phone , sir : The static is due to violent sunspot activity on Solon : I must complete this transmission : Our data indicates the storm should be lessening in approximately one hour : Normal communications will be possible then : The women 's chamber is this way : The way to the Trebor 's quarters is to the left : You 'll see a vacuum discharge conduit on your right : I saw the schematic : We 'll meet back at the ship : Go ahead : Good luck : [ Ticking ] [ Blow Landing ] You guys just drew snake eyes : That 's the emergency access to the women 's quarters : I can see the door : It 's clear : You stay here and keep an eye on things : [ Whispering ] Right over here : Father : Maya : You 're safe : I hate to break this up , but we gotta get back to the shuttle : Where is the Trebor ? Transmission has been disrupted for three hours , and it 's imperative that I talk to him : That 's impossible : He 's occupied : I have strict orders not to : Tell him that Darius and Rogers have brought a combat team into the palace : They plan to kill him and take the women : Don 't move , Trebor ! You fool : You forget where you are : : : And who you 're dealing with : Kill him , Minister : What are you waiting for ? No : We 're taking the Trebor back to Gaan to stand trial : Let the people see that he 's mortal after all : - Buck Rogers is somewhere on the grounds : - Search the complex : Greta , you come with me : I wanna check the women 's quarters : Stay with them , Darius : Where are you going ? I 'm going back for Neil and the others : All right : That 's all , Captain Rogers : Neil , the women are inside : Where are the others ? Stunned : All four are wounded : What about Buck ? He was coming after you : I don 't know where he went : I can 't leave Buck : He didn 't ask for this : Maya , take the controls : But you 'll be stranded : If Buck 's alive , we 'll get out okay : Now , do as I say : Quickly : Come on : So this is the indestructible Roshon : The warrior who is to free Darius and his rabble from the tyranny of the Trebor : [ Chuckles ] You didn 't meet with much success on your first campaign , did you ? Let me see , four wounded officers , and Neil is probably captured by now too : Well , at least Darius escaped with the women : Yes : Yes , and he 'll die for it too : Oh , it will be enjoyable : : : To start over again with the cream of Gaan 's maidens : Greta , what should we do with him ? If he 's the Roshon , then he must fight the Trebor : Why , of course : Of course : A duel to the death : Does that appeal to you , Roshon ? - Not particularly : No : - [ Laughs ] Call Kelan : Alert him : Tell him I 'll be bringing their hero to Gaan tomorrow : This little adventure of yours could prove to be a harsh lesson for Darius and the people : But most of all , for you : Place him in a cell until we 're ready to leave : Where 's Father ? He stayed behind , Vione : They couldn 't find Buck : [ Chirping ] Oh , boy : Buck 's missing : I 'm sure they 'll be all right : Really , I am : Thanks : Quick , I know where we can steal one of their ships : Do you always travel with Buck ? [ Chirping ] He 'd be lost without me : Maya ! Vione ! Oh , Father : Boy , am I glad to see you , Buck : Took the words right out of my mouth , Twiki : I don 't know how I 'll ever be able to thank you for saving Maya : That 's all right : I think we 're even : Your father saved my skin back there : That 's between my father and you : Darius : Captain Rogers : - I can 't tell you how we worried : - I 'm sorry you won 't have a chance : Take the deputy minister to his quarters : He 's under arrest : You can 't resist the Trebor : Don 't you see that ? Neil and the women , are they safe ? Neil 's badly wounded : But he 's going to live : All of the women are fine : - The Trebor will be following us : - More specifically , the Roshon ... me : And you can be sure he 'll do everything in his power to set the odds in his favor : Karem and the secret police will be there to help him : All right : We 've got to find a place where I can face him , and we can cover ourselves : The hangar : It 's big and it 's close : He 'll have to go through it : Let 's take a look at it : Ladies : They are going to pay for this : All of them : Get me Karem : This Buck Rogers , the Roshon : Most of all , I want him : He 's going to die : But not easily : : : And not quickly : Where will the Trebor enter from ? Over there at the far end : Well , when he does enter , the first thing he 's gonna see is the Roshon : [ Sighs ] Buck : The Trebor 's a deadly killer : Are you sure you wanna meet him like this , alone ? Well , that 's what it 's finally going to boil down to , isn 't it ? The Trebor against me ? Besides , if it doesn 't work out , you can take over : All right , I 've seen enough : Let 's go : Buck , it 's your friends on Earth : Doc , where 've you been ? We 've been trying , Buck , but we haven 't been able to get through to Katar for hours : - What have you come up with ? - Buck , the Trebor has some kind of circuitry implanted under his skin : It produces an enormous amount of electricity : You 're probably more familiar with what it is than we are : I 've got a good idea how it works : He uses it to create something called " surge : " Then he directs it through his hand : It 's quite deadly : Yes , I know : I 've seen it in action : - What exactly are you doing ? - Doc , someday when we got plenty of time , I 'll be glad to sit down and talk to you about it : - Right now , let 's just say I 'm up here helping out : - This fellow Trebor sounds dangerous : - Yes he is , Doc : - Need any help ? We could send a squadron : No , Doc : Not right now : There 's not enough time : Thanks anyway : I 'll be talking to you : Twiki , you and I are gonna have to have a little talk : [ Chirping ] Your place or mine ? The Raven is waiting : I 'm ready : [ Chirping ] You 're giving me heartburn , Buck : It 's just an improvised transformer , Twiki : What 's it for ? Well , I 'm hoping we can use this to give the Trebor a taste of his own medicine : [ Chirping ] That 's great , but why me ? Because you 're better equipped to handle electricity than I am , pal : Besides , this transformer will help take some of the sting out of it for you : [ Door Slides Open ] Vione , what is it ? Buck , we picked up the Trebor 's force on the scanner : They 'll be here in minutes : All right : [ Chirping ] I 'll catch you later , Buck : Okay : Thank you for everything : It seems like I 'm always standing here thanking you : Well , don 't stop on my account : I brought you something : It 's beautiful : In the past , our women gave their men medallions before going into battle : They were always worn close to the heart : : : For protection and strength and love : Vione ... Wear this close to your heart , Buck Rogers : May my love protect you and give you strength : Always : [ Man On P : A : ] A situation red alert is now in effect : Situation red : All set ? Yes : I 've got a squad of my best men at this end of the hangar : If anything should go wrong , they 're prepared to fight : What about the Trebor ? His Raven just docked : He should be here any ... [ Trebor ] Roshon : ! Roshon , the Trebor is here : - [ Chirping ] Good-bye , Buck : - Twiki : For victory , Captain : Long life , Darius : Are you ready , Twiki ? [ Chirping ] As ready as I 'll ever be : All right : Let 's go : You came to me , Roshon : I thought I would repay the compliment : I didn 't think good manners was one of your strong points : Laser rifles , Roshon ? Why not be more sporting ? - As you see , I am unarmed : - In a manner of speaking : You-You wouldn 't shoot an unarmed man , would you , Roshon ? Behind me , Twiki : Fast : Stop ! No one kills the Roshon : : : But the Trebor : Stay close and be ready , Twiki : [ Chirping ] Be careful , Buck : Roshon , drop your weapon : Face me like a man : - I repeat , I 'm unarmed : - Except for that power plant you 're wired with : I could 've killed you just then : But I want you to last awhile : Twiki , get over here : What ... [ Chuckles ] What is that ? He 's my ambu-quad , Twiki : We do everything together : - Even die ? - We haven 't tried that yet : No : No , of course not : You 're the man who has lived 500 years : : : And is about to die in seconds : [ Quietly ] Get ready , Twiki : [ Chirping ] Okay , Buck : [ Weakly ] How-How did you do that ? A little 20th-century Yankee ingenuity : : : And basic electronics : You should 've paid your light bill : [ Chirping ] Why , you turkey : - Uh-oh : - [ Grunting ] Oh , you are clever , Roshon : But you 're stupid to have stayed : Why did you do that ? Was it duty ? Honor ? Ah , perhaps love : Knowing you Terrans , it was probably love : [ Chirping ] He 's down for the 10-count : Get these stunned men to the med techs : Buck , are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine : Well , he 's all yours : I can 't tell you what a pleasure it 's going to be to deal with the Trebor : Thank you : Well , like I said , I owed you one : We 're more than even : Get him out of here : We 've taken the Trebor 's palace : Without the Trebor , there was no resistance : For the first time in centuries , Katar is a free planet : In many ways , Buck , you have become the Roshon : Darius , you know as well as I do ... I know , but the people believe in the Roshon and you : They 've gathered all around the planet waiting for their Roshon to address them : - Will you ? - All right : This is Buck Rogers : The Trebor has been defeated : I offer you my congratulations and my hope that you 'll never again live in the shadow of fear and tyranny : But , you , the people of Katar , are the only ones who can guarantee that : : : By finding the courage and the strength to be free : I am not the Roshon : You are : Each and every one of you : You are what is real : The future of your planet is in your hands : Good luck : Thank you , Buck : - Well , Twiki , are you ready to go home ? - [ Chirping ] All packed : I 'll be right with you : [ Door Slides Closed ] Now it 's my turn : For what ? To say thank you : For what ? For this : : : And all the thoughts behind it : They 're still there : I know : That 's what makes this very special for me : Thank you : Good-bye : Good-bye : That 's an extraordinary story : Mm : Well , I only wish we could 've been there : So do I : But , everything worked out , so ... - [ Toy Guns Shooting ] - [ Chirping ] Reach for the sky : I 've been telling Twiki about some of the myths I grew up with : I 'm afraid he 's taking them too seriously : Excuse me while I deal with Billy the Kid : [ Chirping ] This galaxy ain 't big enough for the two of us , bub : Maybe we can make a deal : You take the horses , the girl , and I 'll be out of the galaxy before sundown : [ Chirping ] Some deal : - All right , you take the money and the horses : - [ Chirping ] You 're getting warmer : You want the money , the horses and the girl ? [ Chirping ] You 've got it : - [ Chuckling ] - [ Buck ] No way , my friend : I 'd rather die with my boots on : [ Chirping ] Well , uh , okay : You keep the horses : [ Laughs ]
