 [ Narrator ] A glowing orb may hold the only hope of saving a peaceful planet : : : From the evil war witch Zarina , as Buck and Princess Ardala are drawn through a vortex and into another universe : We 're experiencing fantastic turbulence : I 'm relying for all drive and directional factors on the computer disk developed from the orb : - [ Dr : Huer ] You 're familiar with the Vortex Theory ? - In the 20th century , it was called a black hole : [ Dr : Huer ] The chip is a road map through the vortex : So this is an invitation : From an unknown people who exist in another universe : [ Ardala ] Do you have any idea of the enormity of this moment , Kane ? New worlds , new galaxies lie beyond the vortex : : : Within reach of my fingertips : I must demand that you return the orb to the Directorate : I 'm afraid you 're not in a position to demand a great deal of anything : Very shortly , we 'll be entering the vortex : And I will allow no one to interfere with this : We no longer have the means to wage a limited war : So you thought that as a Terran , I could fight your limited war for you , huh ? Two of the Sharks passed through the force field and landed undetected : Pendar will be ours : I will make you my personal slave , and you will wish you had died : [ Narrator ] Still trapped in an alien universe , Buck , Twiki , and Princess Ardala join forces : : : To prevent the cruel witch Zarina from enslaving the planet Pendar : I 'm reading the Zaad cruiser closing on the defense shield : Fire ! [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : Elana : Hmm : You sleepy ? [ Chuckles ] Just happy : And kind of warm all over : Well , there 's nothing like a good weekend in the country to recharge your batteries : Depends on who 's doing the recharging : Buck , what 's that ? I don 't know : But I 'd sure like to find out : Earth Shuttle 2293 to New Chicago Control : [ Woman Over Radio ] Come in , 2293 : This is Captain Buck Rogers on approach to New Chicago : Can you patch me through to the Directorate Channel ? You 've got it , Captain : Good to hear from you , Buck : Maybe , maybe not , Doc : I 'm about 20 minutes southwest of New Chicago , and I 've spotted something very strange : Strange ? Yeah , it 's a ... a large , gold ball sitting out here in the middle of the desert : Be careful : That might be some kind of Draconian trick : We 've been having tremendous difficulties with them lately : Dr : Huer , our sensors record Captain Rogers 's ship : : : But no trace of another body in the vicinity : Well , it 's here , Doc : A large metallic object of some kind : Give us the coordinates , Buck : Right , Doc : When I land , we can go out and take a look at it : Rogers out : [ Dr : Huer ] An intercity shuttle reported it , Buck , but so far we haven 't been able to detect anything on our sensors : [ Buck ] I wonder if it isn 't a little surprise from Princess Ardala : [ Dr : Huer ] It 's a distinct possibility considering all the difficulties : : : We 've been having with the Draconians lately : [ Buck ] The closest thing to it I 've ever heard of : : : Is what we used to call a flying saucer or a U : F : O : You have any idea what it might be , Doc ? The pilot reported it saucer-shaped : Well , we oughta be pretty close now : There it is : Look , to the left : That may have been a saucer before , but look at it now : [ Chirping ] Talk about close encounters : - Dr : Theopolis ? - Still no sensor reading , Doctor : But it 's solid : There 's no way that our sensors couldn 't record something : Unless its composition is so different from anything known that a reading 's impossible : - Well , it 's solid enough : - And seamless : No apparent ports and no discernable motive power : Careful , Buck : What is it ? A riddle wrapped in an enigma : [ Chirping ] Watch the straight arm , Buck : If they 'd wanted to , they could have hurt us long before now : What do you think , Doc ? I think we should take it back to the lab : I think so too : [ Dr : Huer ] Since this does not appear to be a weapon , our first assumption is that it 's a gift of friendship from a life force somewhere : And if we 're correct , it may have something to tell us : We 're attempting to open it with the vibrosonic table , which is an instrument that separates molecules of matter at their natural interface : Well , like , uh , some kind of sonic diamond cutter , or ... If I understand you correctly , yes : At precisely the right tone , the orb should separate : [ Humming ] [ Whirring ] Look : [ Chirping ] Somebody must have said the magic word : - What is it , Doc ? - I don 't know : I 'll get the macro magnifier : Looks like a microchip of some kind : Prepare the macro magnifier , please : Very well : Start the magnifying process , please : Cryptographs : With the universal language : And patternings : Yes , they 're binary patternings : A very unusual kind : Dr : Theopolis , we want to put this through the master computer chain : Top priority : And I want an analysis of these binary codings as quickly as possible : Yes , Doctor : Doc , look : [ Chirping ] That thing 's hot to trot : It 's almost as if it knew its mission here was completed : Yes , with the discovery of the chip : Mmmm : A bit higher , dear : A little bit higher : Ow ! Clumsy : - Princess : - What is it , Kane ? This is Agent Gontril , my spy at Directorate Headquarters : Tell the princess what you saw : [ Gontril ] Uh , a giant sphere appeared outside New Chicago , Your Highness : It contained a message in the form of a golden orb : What message ? From whom ? I 'm not a Code 5 technician , Your Highness , so I was not allowed inside the lab : - But , uh , rumors ... Rumors say ... - Say what ? Spit it out , man ! Rumors say that the orb contained a secret of utmost value to the Terrans : That will be all : All of you , out ! Get me the orb , Kane : Your Highness , the truce expressly forbids ... Since when have I ever honored a Terran truce : : : Unless it 's convenient for me to do so ? Oh , Kane : By the way , send Tigerman to me : He 's been assigned to one of your sisters : - He 's been what ! - I have made other arrangements : Well done , Kane : I think I 'll call you Pantherman : You 're black : You 're beautiful : Why don 't you come over here and let me see your claws : Dr : Theopolis 's staff has just decoded it , and the results are staggering : - What are they , Doc ? - You 're both familiar with the Vortex Theory ? Yes , it has to do with a hypothetical passage from one universe to another : That 's assuming another exists : In the 20th century , it was called a black hole : Erroneously : The Vortex Theory is no longer a theory : It 's a scientific fact : The decoded chip is like a road map through the vortex ... complex , dangerous , but by all our scientific frames of reference , it 's navigable : So this is an invitation : From an unknown people who exist in another universe : [ Theo ] The staff is reducing the decoded patterns : : : To a computer disk compatible with Earth space vehicles : Which means we could plug it into any starfighter 's navigation system : : : - And end up in an entirely new universe : - Exactly : Theo , is there any clue as to who sent the orb ? I 'm afraid not , Colonel : But we may have a clue in the cryptograph : We found a legend that reads the equivalent of six letters of Earth 's alphabet : P-E-N-D-A-R : Pendar : - Have you heard of it ? - No , I haven 't , Doc : Let the Council convene : Report , please : Keeper , the harbinger has fulfilled its mission and returned to Pendar : Good : Who did you select ? A small , habitable planet in its first quadrant called Terra : It has precisely the military capabilities we sought : - The second ? - The second selection : : : Is cruder , more malevolent and completely predictable : Report on the Zaads : The Zaads ' battle cruiser : : : [ Beeps ] Now lies 3,600 fetics down side us : They continue to launch attacks against the defense shield : The results of the attack ? The shield has not been damaged : But the recent abduction of Kodus , however , gives us grave concern : Each day , at a given hour , he is moved from the second to the fifth level to Zarina 's quarters : The Zaad war witch herself is supervising his torture : His auric energy reading is very low : He will not be able to bear such pain for long : : : Without telling the Zaads what he knows about our defense shield : Kodus is a courageous young man : We must hope that he can hold on until assistance arrives : Have faith , Chandar : They will kill him , Mother : No , child : You 'll see : [ Groaning ] Hmm ? What ? [ Gasps ] Kodus , your bravery is admirable : But so unnecessary : Resist me if you wish : It will only mean I shall be forced to use Spirot here : : : And his unusual talents : As a transmute , he can disrupt the cellular composition : : : Of any part of your body : Apainful experience , wouldn 't you agree ? [ Groaning ] That 's enough , Spirot ! If you kill him , he 's of no use to us : And I plan to use Kodus : : : In a variety of ways : Well , good evening , Buck : You still up ? Yeah , Doc , I got a lot of things runnin ' through my mind : I can well imagine : Even the notion of exploring another universe ... It 's mind boggling , isn 't it ? Yes , it is : I 'll say good night : Good night , Doc : Technician Gontril reporting for night duty in the lab : You don 't have Code 5 clearance : [ Chuckles ] Sorry , my oversight : Oh ! Buck , are you all right ? Don 't ask : Who were they , Doc ? Draconians : This is an absolutely unforgivable violation on Ardala 's part : The orb is probably halfway to her cruise ship by now : Another universe for Ardala to try and dominate : Her technicians still have to decode the chip and transfer the information to a computer disk : I 'm having the computer disk installed in a starfighter : And Dr : Theopolis 's staff is already programming a B2-500 drone to pilot the craft : - You 're sending a drone through the vortex ? - Yes : Why ? Doc , this is an invitation to us from another universe : - What are you getting at ? - This could be the first encounter of peoples from two different universes : You can 't send a drone : You 've got to send a Terran : I 'd like to be that Terran , Doc : You 'd like to be : At any price ? - Yes : - [ Theo ] Captain Rogers is right , Dr : Huer : A Terran pilot will be able to handle unprogrammed difficulties : : : More effectively than a drone : Yes , I know : Very well , Buck : Go : Thank you , Doc : I 'm sure you 'll want to do the preflight yourself : I 'll get started : Uh , Buck ... History will record you as an extraordinary mortal : You have survived the holocaust , lived 500 years : : : And now will be the first man to enter a new universe : It looks like ... Kane , what was that crude organic food ? Regulian plover 's egg , Highness : Yes , exactly : I had the chef executed for insulting my royal digestion , as I recall : Yes , you did : Have it analyzed immediately : [ Beeping ] Yes ? [ Man ] A transmission on the vid-phone from Director Elias Huer on Earth : Tell Earth the princess is not ready to respond : No , Kane : Wait : Let 's just see how important this golden plover 's egg is to Dr : Huer : Hello , Doctor : What can we do for you ? Princess Ardala , on behalf of the Earth Directorate , I wish to lodge a formal protest : Whatever are you talking about ? You know very well , Princess : Truce provisions have been violated repeatedly , particularly the recent Draconian attacks on interplanetary shipping : I insist on an audience at once ! That 's not possible ! Huer 's transmission tells us one very important thing ... not so much by what he said , but by what he did not say : Yes : He failed to mention the orb : Exactly : Not one word : Hurry your technicians , Kane : We must find out what 's so terribly important about this orb : This is preposterous ! Absolutely preposterous ! The only remedy is a face-to-face confrontation with the princess : Do you think it 's safe to go to the Draconia ? Oh , I 've already considered the hazards , Colonel : And I must say they 're far outweighed by this : : : Most recent threat to our already-tenuous truce : I 'd like to go with you : Very well , Colonel : As soon as Buck is safely on his way , we 'll pay a little visit to the princess : I 'll arrange for a two-fighter escort : Uh , Major Daniels and Lieutenant Wainwright : Thank you , Colonel : Buck ... Ooh ... Sorry : L ... I thought you might be getting yourself together : I was : I 'll be here when you get back : I 'll look forward to it : [ Chirping ] Buck , uh , we haven 't underplayed the hazardous nature of this trip , have we , you and I ? No , Doc : I know I might not come back : Because in view of the extraordinary scientific benefit to be derived from such a trip , I felt we need a modicum of : : : Insurance , so to speak : You 're afraid that if I don 't make it back , you won 't have a record of this journey , right ? Precisely : In the event anything does go wrong , I 've taken the liberty of tinkering with certain ofTwiki 's synaptic points , and he is now programmed to return to Earth automatically , as long as there 's a ship to fly : So he and Theo will act as a kind of black box recorder in case anything goes wrong : Yes : I think so : It 's all right , Doc : I 'll enjoy their company : [ Chirping ] Shall we be on our way then ? Might as well : I 'm glad Twiki and Theo are going with me , Doc : [ Chirping ] Why is it the good die young ? Twiki , um , why don 't you go on ahead : I 'll be along in a minute : What 's the matter , Doc ? Something bothering you ? [ Sighs ] No , not really : I 'm just ... I just can 't help wondering what it 's going to be like for you up there : I know : I 've been thinking a lot about that myself : I imagine you have : Yeah : Also ... This is probably the most dangerous mission I 've ever assigned anyone : Well , don 't forget , Doc , I volunteered : Oh , yes : That 's true : You volunteered all right : Before I started with the Directorate , we were in the process of testing the new stargates : And I volunteered , naturally , to be the first person to fly through a stargate : It was quite an honor : Of course , I only flew across the solar system : It 's not quite what you 're about to do : You 'd really like to be the one to go , wouldn 't you , Doc ? - Does it show that much ? - Like a sore thumb : I suppose what I really want to say is that ... that I 'm , well , more than usually concerned about this particular mission : Mainly because , since you 've come here , you 've become like family to me : Well , I hope you don 't decide to take another 500 years before you make your next appearance : I 'll come back , Doc : Don 't worry : - Good luck , my friend : - Thank you , Doc : [ Wilma ] Well , how do you feel ? [ Chirping ] Snug as a bug in a rug , Wilma : [ Chuckles ] Well , you 're supposed to feel snug : L ... I preflighted your ship : I wanted to make sure everything was , um , A-okay : Thank you , Wilma : Well , you didn 't think I was going to let you go : : : Without saying good-bye , did you ? No , I was hoping I 'd see you before I left : Will you stop looking at me like that : I 'll be fine : I know : I know : [ Laughs ] Funny : All of a sudden , I don 't know what to say : You don 't have to say anything : No : No , I ... I want to : You 're very special : You 've been more than a friend to me : And I ... I 've learned a lot about myself , about being able to express my feelings , how to care for someone : You 've shown me a whole side of myself I never knew existed : I 've finally felt like a woman : : : For the first time in my life : And I 'd hate to think what I 'd be like if it weren 't for you : You had a lot going for you from the beginning : I didn 't think I was going to like you when I first met you : But you have a way of growing on a person : And right now , I don 't know what I would do if I lost you : Take care of yourself : I will : And I 'm gonna miss you : I 'm gonna miss you too , Wilma : You 're very special to me : Well , you all set to go , Twiki ? [ Chirping ] Ready as I 'll ever be , Buck : Okay : Do you have any idea of the enormity of this moment , Kane ? New worlds , new galaxies lie beyond the vortex : : : Within reach of my fingertips : Yes , Princess : Do you think they 'll look like us , Kane ? You mean the men , Princess ? The men , the women , whatever : [ Beeping ] Yes : [ Man Over Radio ] We 're tracking a single Terran starfighter in the 18th quadrant : : : At a fraction under light speed , outbound : Try to pick up their transmission , Kane : Time for our last check-in : [ Chirping ] Tell ' em love and kisses : This is Buck Rogers : I 'm within 15 seconds of entry : The vortex is directly ahead of me : Looks like a swirling , condensed aurora : They 're sending Buck through the vortex : We 're experiencing fantastic turbulence : I left manual control 10 minutes ago : I 'm relying for all drive and directional factors : : : On the computer disk developed from the orb : In all my years of flying , I 've never had an experience like this : The light , incredible colors : It 's as if an ocean of energy : : : Was flowing through a single floodgate : And we 're right in the middle of it : All our controls are gone : We 're tumbling : ! Part of a ... of a mad scramble from ... to leave one universe for another : ! [ Whirring , Static ] [ Whirring Stops ] God help him : - He must be through now : - I pray he is : Well , Colonel , we have business with Princess Ardala : Shall we go ? [ Clears Throat ] Of course : Kane , that computer disk that Captain Rogers was talking about ... I want one of those to send the Draconia through the vortex : The technicians are already working on it , Highness : Oh : [ Exhales ] Well , we made it through , Twiki : [ Chirping ] Yeah , just barely : Kodus is being moved : They 're going to torture him again : The perimeter sensors just reported an unknown through the vortex : Help is on its way : Mother , it is useless : No , Chandar : Our observers say this one is very special : Yeah : A different universe : Doesn 't feel different : [ Chirping ] That 's different : It 's surrounded by a gigantic bubble , Twiki : [ Chirping ] Not again ! Hold on , Twiki : Look ! [ Theo ] My memory bank has no record of any creatures like these : [ Chirping ] Yeah ? Who are they , Buck ? Whoa , there ! I guess they 're not all dead : It looks like some kind of space zoo , Twiki : [ Chirping ] And we didn 't bring any peanuts : [ Buck ] They look like stuffed animals : Look ahead , Twiki : That must be Pendar , Twiki : [ Chirping ] I hope they don 't mind us dropping in : We 've got an engraved invitation , remember ? Looks like we 're being guided in : Dr : Huer : And Colonel Deering : What brings you here ? Princess , the incidents involving Draconian violation ofTerran space : : : Are intolerable : Well , I can assure you , Doctor , I 'm doing everything possible : : : To control the actions of these dreadful marauders : What about the attack on the Directorate lab ? That was a violation of the highest order , Princess : Our truce ... Exists to preserve our best interest , Doctor : And in this case , my best interest took precedence over the truce : I 'm sure had you been in my place , you would have acted accordingly : I must demand that you return the orb to the Directorate : [ Laughs ] Demand , Doctor ? I 'm afraid you 're not in a position to demand a great deal of anything : Princess , if you insist on this course of action ... The orb will be returned to you , Doctor : I have no further use for it : Yes , that is correct : " Wilma , " isn 't it ? We 've deciphered the cryptography some time ago : That orb was meant for our use : An invitation from another culture : Yes , but I so hate to miss a good party : - And that is your final word ? - On this subject , Doctor : Then you may consider yourself once again on a war footing with Earth : We 'll be leaving immediately : What is the meaning of this ? You 'll be going nowhere , Dr : Huer : The Draconia is fitted with a computer disk exactly like Captain Rogers 's : Very shortly , we 'll be entering the vortex : And I will allow no one to interfere with this , which is what you would do if I let you go : Princess , I cannot protest this action strongly enough : Then don 't bother , Doctor : It won 't do you any good : [ Chirping ] What an entrance ! Hello , Captain Rogers : [ Chirping ] She knows you , Buck : I don 't believe we 've ever met , at least not in this lifetime : My name is Chandar : And if you 'll please come with me , the Council and the Keeper are expecting you : Princess , the monitor indicates we 've just entered the vortex : Well , they could have had the courtesy to warn us about this : You 're very quiet , Captain : Well , it 's been a long trip : [ Chirping ] And a cuckoo one : You must be curious about the life field which surrounds Pendar : You mean that menagerie we passed through ? Yes : Curious is an understatement : Eons ago , Pendar was invaded by aliens and nearly destroyed : Fortunately , we overcame them : : : And placed them in the life field which you passed through : Why ? The Pendarans are a life-loving people , Captain : It would be impossible for us to kill other beings , even those trying to kill us : I know that must sound very strange to you : Not strange , remarkable : Our scientists created the life field as an alternative to killing the aliens : They 've been there for a thousand years , trapped in time and space : And living ? Oh , yes : Forever : Some people would consider that a fate worse than death : Captain , the Pendarans do not : I can 't get over how similar Pendar is to Earth : At least the way it used to be : What do you mean ? Well , the trees , the flowers , the grass : It 's almost exactly the way I remember it : You mean , before the holocaust : You know about that too ? Yes : Yeah , Earth was beautiful then : [ Chirping ] What do you mean was ? It still is : Hmm : Tell me , Captain , does everyone on Earth have an automated companion ? Oh , you mean an ambu-quad ? [ Chuckles ] No , not really : I guess I 'm one of the lucky ones : [ Chirping ] Yeah , we 're a real team : How nice for you : We have automated units also : Oh , really ? Great : Twiki , you might have a chance to make some new friends while you 're here : [ Chirping ] Do they play ping-pool around here ? Ping-pool ? [ Laughs ] I was afraid of that : Welcome to Pendar , Captain Rogers : Thank you for the invitation : Who are you ? I am the Keeper , the sole physical link : : : Between the master computer and the Pendaran Council : We come from two different universes , Keeper , and yet you speak to me in my own language : And your environment is almost exactly the same as I just left : It only seems to be , Captain Rogers : You see , in our natural state , we exist as more subtle bodies : Light creatures : So that we can work together , our entire world appears as you in a baser form : Work with me ? May the Council convene : Tora , first explain to Captain Rogers : : : The nature of our current dispute : : : With the war witch Zarina and the planet Zaad : Zaad is at a distance from us roughly the equivalent : : : Between your Earth and Mars : It is ruled by a woman : : : Who has ravaged every other habitable planet in the system : : : And now wishes to ravage ours : She lies two solar days off Pendar in her giant battle cruiser : : : Planning her attack : You will never succeed , Zarina : My people ... Are like children : : : With their lofty concern for the sanctity of life : To live , one must be willing to die : Or : : : Kill : Don 't be angry , Kodus : The information you 've given me may help spare some of their lives : For your sake , I hope what you 've told me is correct : It is : Soon my pilots will be penetrating Pendar 's energy shield for the first time : And then on to the computer vault : Yes : And we will have you to thank : Of course , if they fail , we will have you to blame : If that is all ... Not quite : I want you here : : : To witness the attack : I 'm sure you 'll find it interesting : Send the fighters in : Just as Kodus described : [ Keeper ] In a strange way , Captain Rogers , Pendar has become a victim of its own enlightenment : We no longer have the means to wage a limited war : To become so advanced that you 're vulnerable to a less-developed people ... It doesn 't make any sense : Hasn 't that happened on Earth ? Where , for diplomatic expediency , the giant bows to inferiors ? Yes , that has happened : In our case , we 've developed the ultimate weapon : But if we were to atomize Zaad with it , which is entirely feasible , our own system 's gravitational balance would be destroyed : It sounds self-defeating at that : Our second weapon is defensive ... an energy shield , which has kept us impregnable from Zaad attacks for centuries : Now that is being threatened : So you thought that as a Terran , I could fight your limited war for you , huh ? In an oversimplified way , yes : Perhaps you should have asked me how I felt about it before I came all this way to Pendar : We expected a certain amount of resistance to the idea : - That 's why we also contacted others : - Others ? We monitored Terran 's activities for some time : Your military exploits with the Draconians : : : Have proven both of you ... Draconians ! [ Chirping ] Them 's fightin ' words : [ Beeping ] [ Female Voice ] Violation of energy perimeter , Sectors S-2 , N-1 , N-2 : Activation of supplemental beta radiation initiated : What 's going on ? A Zaad attack on the force field : What are you gonna do ? The computer has strengthened the field at the points of attack : Other than that , there 's nothing else we can do : [ Computer ] Energy perimeter maintaining satisfactory integrity : Electron configuration stabilizing at 22 : 5 megakilons : You understand that ? [ Theo ] It indicates the force field is functioning correctly : [ Computer ] Delta alert terminated : Hostile forces have withdrawn : Repeat : Hostile forces have withdrawn : - Does this happen often ? - With increasing regularity : That 's why we need your assistance : Now wait a minute : Assuming that I want to help , I can 't possibly do it alone : - Arrangements have been made : - Oh ? [ Chirping ] It better be the cavalry : Chandar , there 's still something about all this that doesn 't make any sense : What is it ? Well , if the defense shield is as good as you say it is , why are you so worried ? Two months ago , the Zaads intercepted a Pendaran shuttle returning from Argon : On board was a man named Kodus , one of our most brilliant scientists : : : And the man who created the program which activates the defense shield : Now that Zaads have him , huh ? Yes : He alone knows enough to neutralize the shield : The Zaad attacks began soon after they captured him : Hmm : [ Chirping ] So you think they 've gotten the information out of him , huh ? Chandar , is Kodus ... We were to be married at the Festival of Life : I 'm sorry : I didn 't realize : Success : Two of the Sharks passed through the force field and landed undetected : Even now , our strike force is approaching the Pendaran capital : [ Laughs ] It worked : Of course , it worked : Now all we have to do is penetrate the computer vault , destroy the defense shield , and Pendar will be ours : [ Instrument Beeping ] [ Beeping Continues ] [ Chirping ] Who are you ? What are you ? Captain Rogers 's presence is requested in the Grand Council chamber : [ Chirping ] What about me ? " Me " does not compute : I have no invitation for " Me : " The name 's Twiki , buster , not " Me : " I have no invitation for " Twiki Buster : " Good-bye : [ Chirping ] That guy 's got the brains of a can opener : Don 't take it personally , Twiki : [ Chirping ] Who ? Me ? [ Instrument Beeping ] Buck ! Buck : ! We were so relieved when Chandar told us you 'd arrived safely : Thank you , Wilma : Dr : Huer : Good to see you : What are you doing here ? Well , we have Princess Ardala to thank for that : Princess : Small universe : Captain , we do meet in the strangest places : - How did she ... - Never mind : I 'll explain later : - These peoplejust told us why we 're here : - Yes : To do a little fighting for them : On behalf of the Terran group , I flatly refused : I , too , refused for the Draconian forces : The princess 's war machine fights no one she does not wish to : As I told Captain Rogers , we anticipated this : It seems you 've anticipated everything , from Earth 's scientific curiosity , to Princess Ardala 's venality : But you haven 't anticipated Terran nature : We 're not mercenaries : Nor are the Draconians : We cannot force you to stay : That is not our way : But , of course , without our assistance , you can never return to your own universe : Oh , really now ! This whole thing is becoming an incredible bore : Come along , Kane : We 're leaving immediately : Buck : Would you like to have a drink before we leave ? No , Princess : I 'll take a rain check : Yes : You always do : That 'll be all for now : [ Chirping ] That 's some disappearing act : ! [ Chandar ] Captain , what you have heard is true : The orb readout serves only to get you here : It cannot get you back : Please , think carefully about it : [ Instrument Beeping ] If I understand you correctly , you 're saying we don 't have any choice in the matter : I don 't like it any more than you do , Doc : But either we fight the Zaads , or we can sit it out here indefinitely : - But there are so few of us : - Down here : But Ardala 's sitting up there with the Draconia loaded to the gills with firepower : You 're right : It would even things up considerably if they were on our side : She won 't fight : You heard her : Yes : If only we could find someone to convince her : [ Chirping ] Run while you can , boss : All right : I 'll do what I can : Ah , Buck , this is really beyond the bounds of duty and responsibility : It certainly is , Captain Rogers : This is Captain Buck Rogers to the Draconia : Requesting permission to board : Thought I 'd stop by for that drink , Princess : Princess , we are ready to leave : I don 't think that ... I did not ask you to think : I 'll take care of that : And Captain Rogers : Bring him on board , Kane : Don 't be afraid , Kodus : Your pain may be over : Soon my battle cruiser will be penetrating Pendar 's energy shield for the first time : Perhaps you will decide to stay here with me : We can always use a man with your : : : Obvious talents : I 'm sure you could grow used to my : : : Attractions : [ Gasps , Panting ] You 'll change your mind , Kodus , when you see what we do to your pretty little planet : Just a moment , Captain : I 'm sorry , Kane : I don 't have one to spare : Who ... or better yet , what ... is this ? This is Pantherman , Princess Ardala 's new companion : What 's a nice kid like you doing in a place like this ? [ Sighs ] Kane , do you really want to keep the princess waiting ? First , I insist you tell me the purpose of your visit : Sorry : - Now , do you want to move him , or shall I ? - When we 're finished , Captain : We never got started : Stop all this nonsense ! What is the meaning of this , Kane ? Princess , I only wanted ... Forgive us , Captain Rogers : That was very rude : Oh , that 's all right , Princess : No harm done : Come to my chambers , Buck : I 'm sure you 'll be more comfortable there : Why don 't you feed him a bowl of warm milk ? Excuse us : How sweet of you to see me off , Captain : Well , actually I came by to ask you not to go : Oh : Really ? What did you have in mind ? A small planet , another universe : Sounds divine : Out , dear : You and me : It is divine : And a little skirmish with some Zaad warriors : You 're not serious ? I 'm afraid I am : I thought I 'd made myself clear on these matters : Ardala , if we don 't help the Pendarans , none of us are gonna get out of here : Nonsense ! I had the computer disk programmed from the orb : It 's a one-way ticket : It can only get you here , not back : If you try to follow that , you 'll be lost forever in this universe : - They have no right : - They have no choice : - And I need your help : - Oh : Once again this sounds vaguely interesting : How much do you need my help ? [ Instrument Beeping ] [ Alarm Sounds ] What happened with Ardala ? Is she going to help us ? - When I left her , she hadn 't decided yet : - That 's Ardala : [ Chirping ] At least she 's consistent : Yeah : I think it gives her a feeling of power to ... [ Computer Voice ] Attention : ! Unauthorized entry into computer vault , Section 3002 : Repeat : Unauthorized penetration in Section 3002 : That can mean only one thing : Someone has broken into the master computer vault : Why would they want to do that ? [ Chandar ] The digital reference , 3002 ... That 's part of the series governing the defense shield : - Can you show us the way there ? - Yes : Hold down the fort , Twiki : Let 's go : [ Rhythmic Pulsating ] [ Beeping ] Cover me , Wilma : I 've gotta get to that vault : Go : [ Grunting ] Chandar ! Buck ? Buck ? Take it easy , Wilma : I 'm just counting my bones : They 're all here : [ Sighs ] Sorry , Chandar : We 're too late : They must have found their way through the defense shield : If they found a way through that shield , what was the purpose of this raid ? The circuits they destroyed have opened the shield even further : Zarina is going to be able to bring her battle cruiser through now : I 'm afraid we 're helpless to do anything : Zarina 's strategy will be to send fighter units in first , then follow with the cruiser : The Terran and Draconian forces combined : : : Could destroy her space fleet : But we must find a way to repair : : : The shield computer elements : Now , hold on a minute : The princess is a very stubborn lady : I just spoke to her this morning ... And made a very convincing argument for me to commit my forces to save the Pendarans : I just can 't seem to say no to Captain Rogers : Impeccable timing , Princess : Oh , am I unfashionably early or unforgivably late ? - The Zaad just stormed the computer : - Without it , we are helpless : You were helpless with it , dear : You were saying , sir , that the key is to repair the computer elements : And to rescue Kodus : If we can get him back to Pendar to build a new program for the defense shield ... I have a better idea : Zarina is , after all , a woman not unlike myself : She is : : : Powerful , intelligent : She would anticipate these moves : You won 't get Kodus out of there : Not alive : That 's a chance we 're gonna have to take : Not necessarily , Captain : A little woman-to-woman confrontation might be just the thing right now : Princess , we know nothing about this woman : Silence , Kane ! It 's too dangerous : Right now , what we need to worry about is getting that defense shield mended : Well , I wasn 't thinking of discussing sunsets over Sinod , Captain : All right : [ Sighs ] We know where Kodus is on the Zaad ship : The question is , how do we get aboard ? There 's a supply ship from Zaad that makes deliveries to the cruiser : - It is run entirely by drones : - That 's the ticket : But , Captain , how will you get off the cruiser ? I 'll cross that bridge when I come to it : You have everything organized , don 't you , Captain ? Not quite : Doc , if you would coordinate some kind of defense plan with Kane : Wilma , you can take me to the supply ship , and then come back and give Dr : Huer and Kane a hand : Is that all right , Princess ? Whatever you say , Captain : By the way , this working together is just temporary : Don 't get used to it , any of you : [ Chirping ] Sweet kid : Be nice to her , Twiki : Right now we need her : All of us : Captain Buck Rogers ! Who does he think he 's dealing with ? Princess , we 're all together in this : Oh , shut up , Kane ! Just listen to what I 'm going to say : You 're gonna be so vulnerable , Buck : I 'll be on and off that cruiser in two seconds : No problem : I 've heard that before : [ Buck ] There 's the supply ship , Wilma : Stand by to board : I 'm ready : Yes , Princess : I know what you 're thinking , Kane : Don 't say it : Halt ! Welcome , Captain Rogers : - How did you know I was coming ? - I just can 't keep a secret , Captain : Why did I bother to ask ? Your plan was clever , but mine is so much more civilized : The princess just arrived , Captain : Yes , and we have so much to discuss , Zarina , woman-to-woman : I prefer man-to-woman , Princess : [ Inaudible ] Secure them below : I have important information for you , Zarina ! - It will keep : - I don 't think you understand ! Buck ? Buck , please talk to me : What would you like me to say ? Thank you ? Buck ... I can 't believe you could do something so stupid : It 's not stupid , Captain : You 'll see : Princess Ardala , Zarina requests your presence in her chambers : Thank you : Be a good boy , Captain : Maybe I 'll help get you out ofhere : [ Groaning ] You seem like a reasonable woman , Zarina : Perhaps : I think we understand each other : I 'm sure we do , Princess : Well , I certainly hope so : For your sake : If I 'm not back to my ship soon , I 've instructed my forces to attack you : With their princess aboard ? I think not : Oh , yes ! They will save me , and they will destroy you and your ship : I promise you : You undoubtedly have a proposition to make : What is it ? Well , I will help you neutralize the Pendarans : And in exchange , I want a guarantee that my ship ... and my ship alone ... will pass through the vortex unharmed : : : And return to my universe : - That is all ? - I wish to have the Terrans destroyed , except for Captain Rogers : [ Chuckles ] Yes : He will return with me : In your universe , they call you a princess ? Yes : In mine , we would call you a child ... an arrogant , demanding child : Do you really think you can come to me with a proposition : : : And assume that I need or want your help , Ardala ? [ Laughing ] Oh , pardon me , Princess : You said we understood each other : You could not be more wrong : ! Just a minute , Zarina ! I understand you ... your petty quest for bits of power , your need to conquer , your desires ... but you don 't see me : You 're not that different from me : In one very important way ! I 've earned my position , Ardala : You 've been given yours : L : : : Am a woman , and you 're just a little girl : How dare you speak to me that way ! I 'm the Princess Ardala ... You are excused : Take her away : [ Door Opens , Closes ] - Chandar , Ardala 's gone to Zarina 's ship : - Why ? Well , we haven 't been able to determine that as yet , but she 's undoubtedly compromised Buck 's position : - Well , do you think Zarina has Buck ? - We 're certain of it : And since Ardala has not returned to the Draconia , she probably has her too : What are we going to do ? Proceed with our own battle plan : But if Buck is on the Zaad ship ... We have to protect ourselves from the Zaad attack , Chandar : We don 't have any choice : Now , if you 'll take Twiki and Dr : Theopolis to the computer vault , they can get started on trying to repair the damage : Colonel , I think it 's best you go to the Draconia and coordinate with Kane : Now that Ardala 's gone , I think he should be encouraged to take control up there : Somehow I don 't think that 's going to be a problem : We 'll do everything we can , Chandar : He 'll be all right : This must be very hard on Chandar : Well , she 's dealing with it : How about you ? [ Scoffs ] Well , I 'm alive : That 's something : But now they 've opened up the defense shield : It 's only a matter of time ... That 's exactly why I 'm here : Somehow we gotta get you home to repair it : Are you all right ? Yes , I 'm fine : Are you sure ? Yes : I said I 'm fine : Okay : I was just wondering : Buck ... [ Sobbing ] I 'm not fine : I 'm terrible ! I 'm just terrible ! Captain Rogers : You sent for me , Zarina ? I wanted so much to talk with you : Were you thinking of making it a group discussion ? Wait outside : Well ? Please , Captain : Haste is so unbecoming : Here we are , man and woman : I wanted to explore the man who was so bold : : : As to slip aboard my battle cruiser : That was stupid : : : But very courageous : Well , you 've met me : Careful , Captain : I could find you very irritating , and you would find things very unpleasant : You are allied with that Draconian princess , aren 't you ? I don 't know exactly what you and Ardala discussed , but whatever she said ... We spent a great deal of time discussing you : She 's placed a great deal of value on you , and I wanted to know why : Why have the Pendarans brought you here ? I would imagine to avert a war : And if that proves impossible , they expect me to fight it for them : It seems you won 't be able to do either : It 's not over yet : It will be shortly : We 've already established a rift in the defense shield , and it 's getting wider : Soon Pendar will be part of my empire : The Pendarans are peaceful people : What could you possibly hope to gain by conquering them ? I don 't have to justify myself to you or anyone ! What I will is done : - May I go back now ? - If you wish : But you have another choice : You can stay here : You 're a very attractive man , but I could make you a great and powerful man : A great and powerful man : : : Does not wage war on innocent people : Think twice about what you 're saying , Captain : - There 's nothing to think about : - Guards ! Take him to his cell : Captain Rogers , you will not die : After I 've destroyed the Pendarans , I will make you my personal slave , and you will wish you had died : Oh , no , Zarina : Then you 'll wish that you had killed me : [ Theo ] This circuitry is extraordinarily unusual : [ Chirping ] No kidding ! Once we get out of here , we gotta find that hangar : No problem : Your shuttle 's there : We can grab it and head for Pendar : - When do we go ? - They 'll be coming to take me upstairs again soon : For more of Zarina 's special hospitality ? They 've broken the shield , but there are other secrets she wants from me : All right : When those guards arrive , they won 't find you or anyone else here : - You up for this ? - Right by your side , Captain : - You wanna hear something funny ? - What ? Right here and now , that doesn 't sound like a bad idea : As a matter of fact , it doesn 't : The system is composed of modular synaptic antigens : [ Chirping ] Why don 't you make like a fuse and blow ? Now , Twiki , it 's only trying to be helpful : I must caution you , Twiki Buster : [ Chirping ] Do you mind ? You 're making my electrodes quiver : Deploy Hatchet squadrons Alpha and Gamma immediately : Station them at coordinate 55-Zeta-4 : Delta squadron will follow at approximately 1100 hours : Commander , the pulsar cannons won 't be aligned for another 15 minutes : We do not have 15 minutes : I want those ships in position in exactly seven minutes ! Everything is going very well , Commander : Precisely as I knew it would , Colonel : Now , if you 'll excuse me ... I 'll be returning to Pendar immediately : Get me Captain Sven ! His squadron should have left 45 seconds ago ! What is he doing ? You are not correctly programmed for this , Ambu-quad : [ Chirping ] Look , buster , get out of my life : Temper , temper , temper : [ Chirping ] Quit talkin ' and start walkin ' : Our ships are armed and ready for attack : Excellent ! Tell your pilots we attack at 1350 : In the meanwhile , bring that dear Kodus to me : That is , if there 's anything left of him : Of course , Princess : More than enough : [ Grunting ] [ Sighs ] Now I know how the " under " half lives : Give us a hand with these guys : What can I do to help ? Well , the first thing you can do is take their clothes off : Oh : Identification : We 're Zarina 's personal guard : And who is this pretty one ? She 's a prisoner : What a pity : And where are you taking her ? To the fifth level : Oh , what a privilege ! Zarina has chosen to interrogate you herself : [ Laughing ] Zarina : ! The prisoners have escaped : ! With Kodus : ! They 'll be trying for the flight bay : Alert the crews : Send all available personnel to stop them ! [ Chandar ] They 're moving so fast , Mother : They must be free : Get to your shuttle , Princess : Crank up your engines : I don 't know how : Princesses don 't start engines : Oh , great : " Princesses don 't start engines : " Go with her : Crank up the ignition on that shuttle : Give me your weapon : What about you ? I 'll keep these guys honest : I 'll join you as soon as I hear your ignition : Right : Go : Oh , this is so degrading ! Nice of you to drop in : Go ! The prisoners have escaped in Ardala 's shuttle : The guards that allowed this to happen ... Put them to death : It 's already been done : The escape is meaningless : The Pendarans can do nothing now : The shield is open to us : Launch the attack ! Attention : All pilots to combat stations : Prepare to launch : Prepare to launch : Buck ! Thank goodness : How are you , Dr : Huer ? We were so worried : About all of you : Welcome , Kodus : I can 't tell you how grateful we are that you are back : Now we need your services again : The defense shield : I 'll begin at once , Keeper : Come and help me ? [ Keeper ] The war witch has begun her attack : Zaad squadrons are already moving toward the defense shield : - Report : - The shield is still virtually useless : Zarina 's fighters can still enter , as can the cruiser : We 're powerless against the cruiser : Seventy-two thousand soldiers : A strategic weapons arsenal without equal in this system : How long will it take the cruiser to reach the defense shield ? It will be there at 1340 : That 's not much time : I have a plan : It 's risky , but it just might work : - Go on , Captain : - Keep Kodus and Twiki working on the shield : I think we can hold off the Zaad fighters long enough to give them a chance to mend it : If they do ... when they do ... don 't activate it : Don 't ? Why , Captain ? Right now , Zarina thinks it 's clear sailing all the way to Pendar : If we can lure her into the shield area and then activate it ... The electrostatic radiation might well destroy the entire cruiser : Exactly : - That will demand split-second timing : - And a lot of luck : But it 's the only chance we have to take on Zarina and win : Zaad fighters are at the outer perimeter : We have no choice , Captain Rogers : Go ahead : You ready , Wilma ? You bet : I 've already put Wainwright and Daniels on alert : How about you , Princess ? Kane will coordinate with your fighter pilots , Captain : Then let 's get started : [ Man On Radio ] Eric 30 to Zaad 1 : Zaad 1 : We are approaching initial attack mode on schedule : There is no response : Quarter speed , Spirot : Connect me to my commander : Of course : [ Kane On Speaker ] Warriors of Draconia , this is your supreme commander : : : Addressing you on the eve of the most important military engagement in our history : We are here in an unknown universe , fighting a strange foe , with unaccustomed allies : I will expect no less from you than I would give myself ... every shred of raw courage , every single iota ... - Kane ! - Princess ? Quiet , Kane : Yes , Princess : Convey my best wishes to the squadrons : : : And launch them into space immediately : I don 't want them to be late for the war : Yes , Your Highness : He would talk the Zaads to death : - This is 1314 to Apple 4 : - This is Apple 4 : We should reach this side of the defense shield at approximately 1650 : 26 : You got that , Wilma ? [ Wilma On Headset ] Roger : Here come the Draconians : Careful , Twiki : [ Chirping ] Circuit 8401 : Testing : No , that 's not it , Twiki : Try , um , 15133 : [ Chirping ] I 'm bushed : We 're almost through , Twiki : If we can only find that one last damaged circuit , we can close the shield : [ Buck On Speaker ] This is Earth Leader to the starfleet : I picked up a converging force dead ahead : I have the same reading , Earth Leader : And on this side of the defense shield : Which means the fighters have come through : How are you coming on the repairs down there ? Movin ' right along , Buck : Just one more damaged circuit ... only it 's a question of finding it : Roger : This is Earth Leader to fleet : Prepare to engage : [ Chirping ] Don 't shoot until you see the whites of their eyes : [ Man On Radio ] 1267 calling 1314 : Shark at 2 : 00 : [ Daniels On Radio ] 3462 approaching on Vector 4 : Sikto 92 : Behind you , Daniels ! Hatchet Leader , you got a Shark on your tail : Thank you , Earth Leader : [ Man On Radio ] 1123 calling 54 : Alert : ! Enemy in range : Just thought you fellas oughta get to know each other better : Apple 4 ? Yes , Buck ? I 'm reading the Zaad cruiser closing on the defense shield : Look at your estimated time : [ Wilma ] I have the picture too : I 'm going outside the shield and try to slow her down : - Kodus ? - Yes , Buck ? My digital readout is 1333 : 50 : We 're reading the same thing here , Buck : That 's your deadline : Let me hear from you when you got that computer mended : Right : [ Chirping ] Be real careful , boss : How far to the shield , Spirot ? Four trisecs : A lone Earth fighter is approaching from the field : That fool is trying to engage my cruiser ! Answer his fire ! All stations , open fire on the intruder : This is Earth Starfighter 1314 calling Zaad 1 : - Is Zarina there ? - You 're a fool , Rogers : You won 't divert me from bringing my cruiser through the shield : Half speed more , Spirot : Mount the megacannon : Megacannon ? That 's used for destroying cities , not a fighter : Do as I say ! [ Chirping ] That 's the rascal : Let 's see : Yes : Yes : That 's it ! Now to fix it : Deering to Hatchet Fighter : I think that was our last Shark : Yes , Colonel : Congratulations on our first joint victory : It felt real good : We 'd better hope that Buck 's plan works , or we 're gonna have Zarina 's cruiser on our hands : The megacannon is primed and loaded : Catch me if you can , Zarina : Kodus , Twiki , how ya doin ' down there ? The shield should be closing : [ Chirping ] Buck , the eagle has landed : Great : Come on , Zarina : Where 's that big number you promised me ? He 's heading through the shield , and so are we ! Fire ! The missile met an energy field ! They must have closed the shield ! Spirot , full reverse ! We are going too fast ! [ Screaming ] [ Quiet Chattering ] It has been a pleasure working with you , Twiki Buster : [ Chirping ] Yeah : What would I have done without you ? Shake , Jake : I am not programmed with that information : Please rephrase your question : Oh , what the heck : Give me five , Clive : " Five Clives " does not compute : Put her there , pal : " Put her there , pal " computes : [ Chirping ] Good-bye , pal : The Keeper ! Thank you , Tora : My friends , Pendar , our universe itself , is indebted to all of you : There is great hope : : : And a bright future for your universe : : : Iflife there has the attributes you 've shown us : On behalf of all Pendar , I salute you : : : And wish you a safejourney home : Well , Princess , it 's been a pleasure : For me as well , Captain : You know , I 've gotten to see a whole different side of you in the last few days : Really ? And ? I like it : It wouldn 't hurt to see more of it : Well , you can see any side of me that you like , any time of the day or night : All you have to do is ... Whistle ? Whatever : I mean that , Buck : Well , until we meet again , Princess : It can never be too soon , Captain Rogers : I was afraid you were gonna say that : Excuse me , Captain Rogers : [ Clears Throat ] Captain Rogers : Good-bye , Buck : Bye-bye : Chandar and I ... Well , we owe you our lives : We 'll never forget you : I thank you both : [ Laughs ] Good luck to you : Well , are you ready ? Let 's : [ Chirping ] I thought you 'd never ask : [ Laughs ] - [ Twiki Chirping ] - What does ... [ Chirping ] mean ? [ Buck On Radio ] Starfighters to Chicago Control : Request landing mode : [ Woman On Radio ] Chicago Control to Starfighters : Approach on Vector 4 , channel locks " J ' " and " K : ' " [ Chirping ] Now , there 's a sight for sore eyes : [ Buck ] You bet your transistors , partner : [ Laughs ] Far beyond this world I 've known Far beyond my time What kind of world am I going to find Will it be real Orjust all in my mind What am I , who am I What will I be Where am I going And what will I see
