 You 'd better take pretty good care of me if you know what 's good for you : [ Narrator ] Gary Coleman rockets into the 25th century as the president of a distant planet , trapped on a world where only Buck Rogers can save him : I want that boy found : - Whose side are you on ? - He 's from Old Earth , 20th century : Your time : I 'm afraid I 'm going to have to kill you , Captain : - You gotta watch these people every minute : - Hmm : [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : You have an appointment with the Science Council in 20 minutes , Mr : President : Something about redesigning the aqueducts : Yeah , yeah , I know : If it isn 't the aqueducts , it 's the sewage system , and if it isn 't that , it 's the transport tubes : How did you people ever develop indoor plumbing before you thawed me out ? I wouldn 't know , Mr : President : That was a little before my time : Um , that 's another thing : I wish you wouldn 't call me " Mr : President : " Makes me feel like I 'm 500 years old : But you are 500 years old : 493 , but who 's counting ? [ Scoffs ] My mistake , Mr : President : - Sorry , Hieronymus : - That isn 't much better , is it ? Go back to " Mr : President : " Okay : [ Bell Ringing ] Something wrong ? We overshot our floor : I can 't bring it to a stop : Uh-oh : [ Sniffing ] Monolithium oxide : We 'll be unconscious within minutes , but no serious aftereffects : [ Coughing ] I 'm sorry , Hieronymus : It 's all my fault : Don 't ... Don 't blame yourself : Just : : : Do me a favor , will you ? When you keel over , try not to fall on me : This is Koren : Operation went as planned : Excellent : The president is unharmed ? Sleeping peacefully : See to it he stays that way : He 's too valuable to be damaged in any way : I 'll contact the Genesian government immediately and present our demands : Zale out : But you must help me : The president 's life depends on it : You 're the boy 's bodyguard , eh ? Yes , although apparently not enough of one : Look , I failed him once : I won 't fail him again : Lieutenant , for years , Genesia has shunned diplomatic relations with Earth : We have no treaty with your government : Therefore , we cannot interfere in the affairs of a sovereign planet : My government doesn 't even know that I 've come to you : When I 'd heard that you 'd turned down their formal request for aid , I thought that a personal request might be more effective : A child 's life is at stake here : He may be a genius , but he is still a little boy : Lieutenant , if we could help you , we would : Our hands are tied : I see : Well , thank you for seeing me : I 'll just have to fend for myself : - Good day : - [ Door Opens ] Well , hello : And what is your name ? Lieutenant Cyrton : Dia Cyrton : Ah : Pleased to meet you : Buck Rogers is mine : Buck Rogers ? The same Buck Rogers who broke that woman out of detention on Zeta Minor ? Well , I had a little help : I 've heard a great deal about you , Captain Rogers : It 's a pleasure to meet you : Maybe we 'll see each other again : Maybe : Who was she ? No one you should be concerned about at all : Oh , I don 't know about that : I thought you 'd be on your vacation by now : Well , I was on my way , but I thought I 'd drop off a gift for Dr : Huer first : Twiki ? [ Chirping ] Hold your horses : - It 's a tree : - Not quite , Colonel : It 's a Ficus decora , commonly known as a rubber plant : Yeah : Isn 't it beautiful ? I had to go to three hydroponics labs to find one : [ Chirping ] Somebody wanna take this thing ? Sorry , Twiki : There we are : Well , I 'm extremely touched , Buck , but I don 't think I 'd know how to take proper care of such a thing : Oh , it 's a snap , Doc : You just water it twice a week and feed it once a month : It 'll grow on ya : That 's just what I 'm afraid of : [ Chuckles ] Well , I gotta get back to packing : Oh , and thank you again , Buck : It 's very thoughtful of you : - My pleasure , Doc : I 'll see you both in a couple weeks : - Enjoy yourself : [ Chirping ] Don 't do anything I wouldn 't do : [ Chuckling ] Uh , Colonel , I don 't suppose you 'd be interested in a little added decoration for ... Not on your life : No , no , I didn 't think so : I wish we didn 't have to lie to the lieutenant : It 's obvious she cares a great deal for the boy : I 'm afraid we can 't let anyone know that we 're about to become : : : Unofficially involved in this case , Colonel : We can 't refuse a call for help , but at the same time , we cannot violate Federation law , at least not openly : Are you certain that Roderick Zale is the person responsible for the abduction ? Positive : We 've also correlated all of Zale 's known hideouts : There is a 93 % probability : : : That he is holding the president on Aldebaran 2 : Uh-oh : Perfect place to hide somebody : No law enforcement to speak of : : : And certainly no stellar authorities to worry about : Exactly : Now we 've arranged a cover for you : : : As a technician in the general service center in the capital city of Barony : Take this voiceprint of Zale 's and pinpoint his location : And remember , you have but one week to locate Hieronymus Fox : : : Before his abductors kill him : Piece of cake : [ Clicks Tongue ] Piece of cake : I wish someone would tell me what that means : Hey ! Easy on the threads ! Where 'd they pick you up anyway , on the remainder table ? By all means , Koren , treat our guest with some respect : After all , he 's about to make us all rich men : Greetings , Mr : President : My name is ... Your name is Roderick Zale : Your specialty is political abduction , and your modus operandi sticks out like a sore thumb : Half the galaxy probably knows you 're the one who snatched me : You 're as perceptive as I was told : How much you askin ' for me ? [ Chuckles ] A reasonable price : Six thousand kilograms of pure quadrillium : [ Snickers ] Ain 't no way the Genesians are gonna cough up that much loot , pal : I don 't even think we got that much quadrillium on the whole planet : Then they 'd better find it somewhere : : : Or within a week , their technological miracle worker will die : Aw , come on , Zale : I 'm worth more to you alive than dead any day of the week : Even if the Genesians don 't pay up , you can make a fortune selling my brains to the highest bidder : So don 't give me any of that Dr : Doom jive : You better take pretty good care of me : : : If you know what 's good for you , starting right now : Now then , first of all , there 's food : I have what you might call a voracious appetite : General Service provides a complete line of food discs and soy supplements : Food discs ? Are you kidding ? I mean real food : : : Like French fries , milk shakes , cheeseburgers : - Cheeseburgers ? - An old 20th-century delicacy : Meat patties made from an extinct animal called a cow : In a pinch , though , you could use a Rigellian mountain lizard : - Mountain lizard ? - Call the service center : Get him whatever he wants : Just don 't bother me with it : Now then , for breakfast , I usually like scrambled eggs with peppers and onions : An onion is a bulbous plant that you grow in the dirt : Wait till you hear what 's in the milk shake : [ Muzak ] All right , enough already ! [ Stops ] I feel like I 'm in a department store : How about giving me some of my music ? [ Rewinding ] [ Rock ] That 's better : Much better : God bless Dr : Junius and the archives : [ Beeps ] Come in : Well , hi : Lieutenant Cyrton , isn 't it ? That 's right : With the rain of Shambala What exactly is that ? Three Dog Night : The what ? Never mind : Listen , I hope you don 't think I 'm being rude , but my flight leaves in 20 minutes : I 'm meeting someone on Regulus 5 : I really wish I had more time to talk to you : Oh , that 's all right : I don 't have time for an extended conversation either : Well , maybe we can get together when I get back ... Aw : Why 'd you do that ? Like I said , Captain , I don 't have time to convince you to come with me : That 's all right : I really like you better this way : Where 're we going ? To rescue the president : Oh , right , right ! Rescue the president : What president ? Hieronymus Fox , President of Genesia : Ask a silly question ... [ Buck ] Lieutenant , this better be a joke : And if it is a joke , it better have one great punch line : No joke , Captain : I 'm sorry I had to do it this way , but from all I 've heard , you 're the best man for the job , and I 'm going to need the best if I 'm to recover Hieronymus : I mean , the president : Well , look , there 's something you don 't understand : I 'm meeting a lady named Tangie , and if I don 't show up , I 'm gonna be missed : Besides , whenever we land , wherever we land , I 'm just gonna hightail it out of there no matter how many hypos you pull on me : So why don 't you just save yourself a lot of trouble , pull this ship around and take me back to Earth right now ? Captain , Hieronymus Fox is not a native Genesian : He 's from Old Earth , 20th century : Your time : You 're kidding : He was a child genius : He graduated from college at the age of nine , got his Ph : D : In physics at the age of 10 : When the holocaust began , he created a device to preserve people in a cold sleep : But it was only an experimental model : The war escalated , and in the end , he didn 't dare risk anyone 's life but his own : If all this is true , then why didn 't Dr : Huer tell me about it when I first awoke ? Dr : Huer doesn 't know : After the holocaust , while your civilization was still in ruins , Earth was looted by aliens : Hieronymus has been handed down from one generation to another , one planet to another ... So then the Genesians got hold of him , decided he was worth his weight in gold and kept him , hmm ? Do you wonder why we hesitated to open up diplomatic relationships with Earth ? I mean , if you Terrans had known what we 'd done ... So why should I help you recover this kid ? So you can make him a prisoner again ? Oh , Captain , he wasn 't a prisoner : Hieronymus helped us because he wanted to : In gratitude , we made him our president : Now he 's been kidnapped : Will you help us recover him ? If he is from the 20th century , you couldn 't keep me away : All right : Do you have any idea where he 's being held captive ? My informants say he 's being held on Aldebaran 2 , somewhere outside the capital city of Barony : Aldebaran 2 : Terrific : Another visit to the Barbary Coast of space : You know the last time I was there I was almost killed ? Me too : Great place , isn 't it ? This trip is gonna be a whole lotta fun : So , here 's the central core of our operation : The nerve center , you would call it : From here we dispatch food , supplies , fuel and power to all the surrounding territories : I 'm not going too fast for you , am I , Deering ? I mean , I know you organic life-forms need lots of time to assimilate information : I wouldn 't want to strain your synapses : I was just noticing your vid-screens : I take it they 're monitoring all incoming requests for supplies from private residences ? Oh , very good , Deering : They didn 't give you that degree in electronics for nothing , did they ? Now , if you 're through belaboring the obvious , I want to show you where you 'll be stationed : Please : Nolan ! Caulkins ! Break time is over : Don 't you humans ever get done eating ? Organic scum : You 've got to watch them every minute : Okay , Deering , here 's your station : We 'll start you right at the top with the garbage : [ Chuckles ] You 'll monitor the rate at which the sewage flows under the city : - Wonderful : - I knew you 'd like it : Oh , and , Deering , I like to keep an eye on my workers : It makes me feel more secure : So if you slip up , I 'll know about it : [ Laughing ] Excuse me : Mr : Koren ? Yes : Well , you certainly fit your description : M : D : Toman : I 'm here to see Mr : Zale : Oh , yes : He mentioned it : What is it you do again , Mr : Toman : Well , you might say I 'm in pest control : Right this way : Thank you : [ Whirs ] What is that ? Transport tube : Sends out supplies from Barony : - Oh : - Where do you come from anyway ? Lansing 12 : Never heard of it : Must be one of the lesser quadrants : Not really : The entertainment discs you wanted : Koren , you got the manners of a sand squid : I try : [ Koren ] Keep an eye on him and don 't let him out of your sight : Mr : Zale , someone to see you : Well , of course : You must be ... M : D : Toman : Pleased to meet you : Well , well , come in , come in : Come in , Mr : Toman : Sit down : You 're just in time : I just had a call from the spaceport : The president 's bodyguard , Dia Cyrton , is here on Aldebaran : She 's acquired the services of a Terran named Rogers : Buck Rogers : Obviously they plan to rescue our prisoner : - Oh , I can take care of them : - Don 't be ridiculous , Koren : That 's what Toman is here for : I have the exclusive services of Mr : Toman for a week : - You mean he 's going to ... - Kill them : Mr : Toman is going to kill Dia Cyrton and Buck Rogers : All my informant knew was that Zale was within 50 kilometers of Barony : That makes sense : None of the transport tubes extend any further out from the city than that : Do you have any idea how we can narrow that radius down a bit ? Well , I was told there might be someone here who could help us : He 's an information broker : He comes from Dyson 3 , and his name is ... [ Man ] Looking for me ? Over here , by the trylon table : I could 've sworn I heard that voice in my head : You did : Over here : Selmar ? I was given your name by ... I know who gave it to you : Yes , well , my name is ... Dia Cyrton , Lieutenant in the Genesian Starfleet : And Buck Rogers , Captain , Earth Defense Directorate : Yeah : We 're looking for ... Roderick Zale : Captain , there 's nothing you can tell me that I didn 't know the moment you stepped into this room : Unfortunately , I can 't help you : Not that I wouldn 't like to for the right price : I have money , as much as you need : Lieutenant , that isn 't the point : Unless Zale or one of his people comes into my psionic range ... we should say 50 or 60 meters ... I can 't tell you anything : Even telepaths have their limitations : I see : Well , if you happen to hear anything ... You 'll be staying at the Hotel Barony : Yeah , right : Guy must be a blast at cocktail parties : [ Selmar ] I heard that : [ Humming ] [ Door Opens ] Well , it 's about time : I 've been waiting for you : Boy , these people have got a lot to learn about making cheeseburgers : Whew ! - Hey , CurlyJoe : - Why do you keep calling me that ? No reason : These cruddy earphones you got me are defective : - What do you mean , defective ? - See for yourself : [ Loud Tone ] Pleasant dreams , Curly : Thirty-fourth and Lexington , and step on it : [ Zale ] Cyrton and Rogers were seen at the casino on Darkover Street : Toman should be arriving there shortly : And ifToman doesn 't kill them ? He will : But even if they escape , they 'll just be walking right into our hands : Oh ! Sorry , fella : Excuse me : Let me give you a hand with that : Just who do you think you are anyhow ? Look , it was an accident : I didn 't mean to spill it on you : You 're going to be an accident in a minute : You know , it really hurts me that you won 't accept my apology : Well , if you 're gonna be contrite about it , apology accepted : He sure put you back in line : Yeah : Barely escaped with my life : Look , I 've been thinking : We ought to be able to find Zale 's hideout : : : Through a little aerial reconnaissance : But how ? You told me that Zale has a squadron of starfighters at his disposal : That must mean he has a private flight hangar as well : We could use the heat sensors on board your ship : : : To detect any unusual energy sources in the area and ... Yeah ? Excuse me : Are you Captain Rogers ? That 's right : Good : Sorry : Can 't let you do that : I 'm terribly sorry about this , Captain , but I 'm afraid I 'm going to have to kill you : You 're sorry ? He must be from Lansing 12 , heavy gravity planet : - Knock him out ! - I 'm trying ! Why , you little jerk ! Hold it : ! You can stop running now : You 're safe : Where 'd you come from ? I have that information you wanted , concerning Roderick Zale and President Hieronymus Fox of Genesia : But how ? Five minutes ago , you didn 't know a thing : True , but three minutes ago , Mr : M : D : Toman , that formidable little man back there , walked into the casino , and I took a good long look into his mind : He works for Roderick Zale : I can tell you your president 's exact location : : : For , say , 3,000 credits : Here : Now where is he ? In a private home located 36 kilometers south-southwest of Barony : Here , let me implant the exact coordinates in your minds : [ Beeping ] - There : - [ Groans ] Thanks : Whew ! What 's the security like around Zale 's place ? Close to impenetrable : Terrific : Well , at least we know where your president is : [ Zale ] I 'd like to remind the committee that I appear here today : : : As a courtesy , not an obligation : [ Man ] This is Residence 473 , Sector " l : ' " We would like to order another 40 cubits of soy supplements ... [ Man # 2 ] This is Resident 742 , Sector " J : " What 's the idea taking four days to ... [ Man # 3 ] This is Residence 439 , Sector " C : " This is the third time I 've called in : [ Man # 4 ] Uh , this is Residence 747 , Sector " D : " Listen , I 'm sorry to bother you , but you know that chute ... [ Chattering Continues ] Dr : Huer , I 've punched in our voiceprint of Roderick Zale : The computer is comparing all voices recorded here within the last week : Excellent : And your cover is still secure ? Affirmative : I 'm probably taking a chance : : : Coming in here this early in the morning , but it 's the only chance I 've had so far : [ Zale ] I 'd like to remind the committee that I appear here today as a courtesy , not an obligation : - Bingo ! - Bingo ? What ? One of Buck 's expressions : It means " I think I found it : " You mean the computer has found a match for Zale 's voiceprint ? [ Zale Speaking ] There 's a : 007 deviation between the two prints : I 'll have to run a tracer to triple check : Deering out : Deering , who are you talking to ? Uh , I don 't know what you 're talking about : Yes , you do , and I know exactly what you 're up to : You 're using those monitors : : : To find out when those rich people 's houses outside of town are empty : : : So you and whomever you 're working with can rob them , right ? Uh ... Uh ... You humans are all alike : Always scheming to take something away from one another : That 's what I like about Aldebaran : It 's the kind of planet that destroys your faith in human nature : [ Laughing ] Where are you going ? Oh , don 't worry , Deering : I don 't care what petty thefts you 're up to : It just confirms my opinion of the lower organisms : [ Laughing ] There must be an easier way to reach Zale : As a matter of fact , I think there is : What about the maintenance android ? Come on : Halt ! That transport is city property ! Halt ! That transport is city property ! Halt ! That transport is city property ! Send me a letter : City property ! Halt ! That 's city property ! Halt ! Okay , M ... Oh , no : It must be that way : He turned that vid-player we gave him into some sort of sonic pacifier : Now , how he got out of the house , I have no idea : I should have known better : But because he looked so harmless , I underestimated the president 's resourcefulness and his genius : He could have slipped through a window , which means he 's somewhere down on the grounds right now : In that case , he 'll never make it past the photon shield : But I don 't want him injuring himself on our defenses : Toman , go down into the woods : Find Hieronymus Fox : And this time , do a more efficient job than you did with Rogers and Cyrton : Yes , Mr : Zale : You too : I want that boy found : Move ! I hope Zale doesn 't know we 're on our way : If he does , he 'll move Hieronymus to another location : I wish that didn 't make so much sense : Oh , boy : What is that ? I 'm sure I could deactivate the force field from the other side : If there were some way to get around the light poles ... Instead of around it , how about over it ? What ? Come on : Haven 't you ever heard of the Flying Wallendas ? No , but I think I have a pretty good idea of what you 're talking about : - You okay ? - No problem : I always thought my elbows were my least attractive feature anyway : Well , you said this mission was going to be exciting : That was me , wasn 't it ? Ah : [ Whirring ] [ Whirring ] There we go : Okay : From here on , it 's all uphill : Oh , terrific : Dr : Huer , I 've traced Zale 's call : He 's located in a private residence 36 kilometers south-southwest of here : [ Chattering ] Uh-oh : The morning shift is coming back in : I 'll check back with you again on my way to Zale 's : Deering out : [ Groans ] [ Rustling ] Gee , did anybody get the number of that spaceship ? Uh-oh : Uh ... Uh , hi , there : I bet you 're wondering what I 'm doing in your parcel bin : Actually , I 'm not a real person at all : I 'm a doll : That 's it : Uh ... A preprogrammed cybernetic doll : My name is Ken : Mr : President , are you all right ? Uh , before I answer that , whose side are you on ? Yours : Colonel Deering from the Earth Defense Directorate : How did you get away from Zale ? Nothing to it : I just did a quick impersonation of a sack of groceries : Well , I guess I 'm a little late : Nope : You 're just in time : Now , my bodyguard , Dia Cyrton , is here on Aldebaran : She and somebody named Buck Rogers are on their way to Zale 's place right now : - Buck ? - Yeah , and if we don 't get back there and help them , they 're both gonna get wasted : You know what " wasted " means ? Yes : I 've heard the term before : Okay , here 's what we 've got to do : Now , first : : : Get me out of this bin , please : What 's that ? It 's called a photon shield : A 25th-century minefield : Yeah , except that the entire field is a mine : One step , and we 'd be paralyzed instantly : Unless I use this , that is : Very nice : Some sort of energy-damping device ? It 's only temporary , I assure you : Well , let 's keep moving : Well , what have we here ? Trespassers ! Hello again , Captain Rogers : I believe we have some unfinished business to settle : Hold it : They may know where the kid is : We 'll take them up to Zale : Then you can do whatever you like with them : I wonder what Moses would 've done : The Genesian government has just received another warning from the kidnappers , repeating their threat to kill the president at the end of this week : They 're bluffing : I just left Hieronymus 20 minutes ago : - You mean you 've already freed him ? - More like he freed himself : Well , then you 're on your way back to Earth : Not exactly : Lieutenant Cyrton got Buck involved in this somehow : They 're up in Zale 's stronghold right now : I can only hope and pray they 're still alive : Good heavens : [ Chirping ] What a bummer : I see : And you 're going to their aid : Where did you hide the president ? Well , I didn 't exactly hide him : Hieronymus got a chance to study Zale 's defenses , and the only way to penetrate them is to deactivate them from the inside : And the only one who could sneak in and do that is ... No : No , Colonel : I don 't want to hear this : I don 't want to have to tell the Genesian government : : : That their president is walking right back into the peril that we 're supposed to get him out of : He knows what he 's doing : He 's sneaking in there the same way he got out , through the transport tubes : Besides , it 's his decision : Lieutenant Cyrton is his friend , and we have to do something or she and Buck will die : Well , in that case , I understand , Colonel : Just keep me apprised of your progress : - And be careful : Huer out : - Deering out : [ Sighs ] Well , what do you think ? I believe Colonel Deering and Captain Rogers have the situation well in hand : [ Chirping ] He also believes in the Easter bunny : Oh , Buck , I 'm sorry : If I 'd known all this would happen , I never would 've gotten you involved : That 's all right : Don 't worry about it : I make my own decisions : Besides , it 's not over with yet : Yes , but ... Dia , be quiet : [ Door Opens ] Inside : We 're not gonna tell them where the kid is , and that 's that : Yes , but , Buck , they 'll kill us : The woman 's right , Rogers : If you do know where the president is hiding down there , you better tell us : Otherwise , you 'll both die very shortly : And if we do tell you , we 'll probably still die , won 't we ? There are many ways to die ... long and short : Now , once again , where is the boy ? As a matter of fact , we don 't know : We were sent here to rescue him , and we can 't find him : You know something , Rogers ? I think you really don 't know where the president is : You want us to think you do to postpone the inevitable , that 's all : Take them down to the hangar : It 's a good , long walk down there : If they know anything , they may change their minds on the way : And if they don 't ? Then activate one of my starfighters : : : And place them directly in front of the ion stream : That should dispose of their bodies : : : Quickly and neatly : Let 's go : Send out the next warning to Genesia on schedule : We can 't allow them to think anything has gone wrong : What is it ? It 's lizard meat from Rigel 4 : More of the kid 's weird food : Let it rot : This is absurd : A ten-year-old child can 't elude us forever : I 'm ordering every guard we have down there : We 'll find him if we have to defoliate the entire forest : Another few hundred meters , and we 'll be in the flight hangar : Would you mind getting that door , Captain ? - Do you mind if I ask you something ? - Not at all : - How does one become a ... - Terminator ? - Yeah : - That 's quite a long story : You see , on my world , people grew stronger muscles to compensate for the heavier gravity : And to tell you the truth , on my planet I 'm considered somewhat of a weakling : Hmm : And on planets with lesser gravity ? I can do this : You see , I realized early in life : : : I could either stay on my world and be a librarian : : : Or go off-planet and put my talents to use : Now , if you don 't mind , the door : [ Beeps ] [ Powering Down ] Attaboy , Hieronymus : Thanks : [ Beeping ] Going somewhere , Mr : President ? [ Man On P : A : ] Alert : ! Security androids , report to guard posts : What is that ? You 're asking us ? Listen , if you want to go check it out , we 'll promise to wait : Until I find out what 's going on , we 'll keep moving : Well , your shoes are untied : Alert : ! Security androids , report to guard post : Alert : ! See ? I told you you could knock him out : Son of a gun : Come on : Let 's go find your president : Koren to Zale : Come in , Zale : Mr : Zale ! Mr : Zale ! Maybe he slipped back under his rock : Shut up , or so help me , I 'll kill you right here and now : I think she might have something to say about that : That one is almost as old as you are : Old but true , Mr : Koren : Mighty nice shootin ' , Colonel : Thank you , Mr : President : Man , I haven 't tasted food like that in 500 years : Yes , it was quite unusual : What did you say ? Chili ? Mexican chili : It 's a blend of herbs , spices , vegetables , meat : Where on Earth did you find the meat ? [ Chuckles ] You don 't want to know : You know , Hieronymus , I 'm going to be real sorry to see you go back to Genesia : You 're the first person I 've met from my own time : Probably the last : [ Chirping ] He 's sure the shortest : You wanna say that again , transistor face ? - [ Chirping ] - What did he say ? He was apologizing , Mr : President : - No , I wasn 't : - [ Theo ] Oh , yes , you were : Do you want to start an interstellar incident ? Do you want the blood of thousands on your pincers ? You know , Buck , I get the feeling you 're starting to like the 25th century : Yeah , I guess I am : People are people , no matter what century they 're in , and we 've got some pretty nice ones here : Once in a while , I kind of miss the way things were : Don 't you ? Oh , sure : I miss cheeseburgers and comic books : : : And rock music and Saturday morning cartoons : Maybe things are kind of plastic here , but you can 't say they 're dull : I mean , how many people do you know get to live in their future ? I guess you got a point , Hieronymus : Looks like we 're both pretty lucky : By the way , Buck , you never did take that vacation you started off on : Perhaps you 'd consider taking it on Genesia : That sounds like a good idea : What do you say , Mr : President ? Could I stay at the presidential estate ? Well , I had to turn the presidential estate into a civic center last month : But I got a little condominium across town you could stay at : Sauna , hot tub , tennis : - You play tennis ? - Well , not me , personally : My reach is kind of short : But I instituted it as the new national sport a few months ago , replacing gladiatorial games : You gotta watch these people every minute : Mm : Sounds like some kind of paradise , Hieronymus : Well , that 's what they need me for ... to make things better : Say , how about making some more of that chili ? That last batch was good , but it had way too many scales in it : Scales ? Scales ?
