 Do me one favor : Hit the deck : Get down : [ Narrator ] Buck and a beautiful fugitive escape across an alien desert , pursued by a murderous android : This is a prison ship : Identify yourself : Break off , Lieutenant : Cease attack : We 'll have to kill her before they get her down here : He 's here to kill her , not to rescue her : The one person that ever broke out of that prison has to be you : I 'm really sorry I have to do this : [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : Prison approach , this is prison shuttle ILM-4 , hauling up a new one for you : A real lively one : [ Man On Radio ] ILM-4 , cleared for Moon Three approach : [ Explosion ] - Break off , Lieutenant : Cease attack : - Affirmative , Colonel : Shuttle craft , you 'll surrender for inspection : [ Deering Over Radio ] We know you 're transporting illicit contraband : What ? This is a prison ship : Identify yourself : Colonel Deering , Earth Defense Directorate : I strongly urge you to comply : Colonel , this is a Zeta government starship : : : Operating within Zetan territory : Your Directorate has nojurisdiction : As I said , extending docking bays : Lieutenant , see to the good captain : Wait a minute : You can 't do this ! Now , Captain , we both know this won 't hurt a bit : Hello there : Good-bye there : - How 's it going , Lieutenant ? - Almost done : Wish I could be there : : : To use this on the androids that 'll be guarding that prison , Captain Rogers : That 's all right : I have a few secret weapons of my own : Buck , that medallion is your only means of escape : You get into trouble ... You can 't get me out : Believe me , I remember : You ready ? I 've adjusted his memory circuits : He 'll never know we were here : Good : You can take the real Val-Zhan back to Earth , and I 'll say good-bye to the new one : Be careful , huh ? Don 't worry , Wilma : I go in : Break Burton out : Rendezvous with you in four hours : It 's a piece of cake : Oh , here : Easy on the starch , will ya ? How long before we land ? Huh ? Land ? Uh , 15 minutes : It 's about time you woke up : I thought maybe you were dead : Course you might as well be : No one 's left this prison alive yet : [ Huer ] Then the substitution went well ? [ Wilma On Radio ] Yes , Doctor : Perfectly : And Lieutenant Zimmerman had no trouble with the shuttle captain ? [ Wilma ] " Piece of cake , ' " as Buck would say : I beg your pardon ? Everything went as planned , at least so far : Dr : Huer , I 'm not convinced ... Colonel , I assure you ... [ Twiki Chirping ] - Someone 's at the door : - Ambassador Warwick is here : Continue your orbit and keep us posted : Buck will be fine , Colonel : Huer out : Ted : ! ByJove ! How nice to see you again : How long has it been ? You don 't really want an answer to that , do you , Elias ? No , I certainly do not : Come in : This is my colleague , Dr : Theopolis , from the Computer Council : Doctor , this is Ambassador Warwick , our diplomatic liaison in the third quadrant : A pleasure to finally meet you , Ambassador : [ Chirping ] Of course : This is Twiki , his ambu-quad : Yes : Well , I 'm afraid I have bad news for all of you : I 've applied as much diplomatic pressure on the Zetan government as I could , but they still refuse to releaseJen Burton into your custody : It would appear , Elias , that extradition is not possible at this time : Well , this news is not exactly unexpected : - Which is why we 've mounted a little extradition of our own : - What do you mean ? We 've arranged for an agent to break Burton out of the Zetan prison and bring her to Earth : You went behind my back ? That could provoke a disastrous interstellar incident : Zeta 's a sovereign planet : Yes , that 's quite true : And that 's a very good point , Ted : But you see , we 're desperate : Pantera 's raids on our shipping lanes are crippling the outer colonies : And someone is leaking our shipping schedules to him : Now , Jen Burton , Pantera 's ex-girlfriend , will undoubtedly tell us who : But she 's a confessed murderer : Oh , come now , Ted : It 's common knowledge Pantera committed the crime : She 's just covering for him : The Zetan government had her incarcerated as a matter of principle : Certainly not justice : The prison on Moon Three is impregnable : Your agent can never get her out : On the contrary : Given Buck 's considerable talents , the mission has a 93 % probability of success : Buck is going to break her out from within : : : And then rendezvous with another agent at Station Post 7 , which is outside of the prison 's aerial defense shield : Captain Rogers and Colonel Deering are both talented operatives : We have every reason to expect success : You put me into a very awkward position : What am I to tell the Zetan government ? We 'd like you to tell them nothing : : : Just yet : Later on ... Yes : Well , if you 'll excuse me , I 'd like to do some thinking : [ Theo ] For a man whose allegiance should lie : : : With the Earth , he appears to be truly torn by the situation : Well , he 's a diplomat : It 's his job to see both sides : I 'm sure he also feels that I 'm using our friendship to sway his judgment : Which I suppose I am : Yes , sir , it 's too bad you had to learn the hard way : But you break the law on Zeta , you go to prison : And you don 't go to be socially rehabilitated : No , sir : You go to be punished : On Zeta , they do it right : Here we are : Just so you know where you 'll be spending the rest of your life , the prison is 200 meters straight down , carved from solid bedrock : Yes , sir : On Zeta they do it right : " On Zeta they do it right : " You oughta make it into a bumper sticker : You 'd make a fortune : A bumper sticker ? Welcome to Moon Three : Move between the stasis poles , please : He said move ! Move , huh , Hugo ? My name 's not Hugo : It oughta be : Looks like Val-Zhan here will be with us for a long time : - [ Bracelet Beeping ] - This mean we 're engaged ? It means if you don 't behave yourself , I 'll know about it : Proceed with decontamination : This one 's a mess : Gonna take a while : Pantera , is that you ? No : Just me : I told him to be here : For the record , old man , you don 't tell me anything : Oh ? Then I suppose you already know : : : That the Defense Directorate plans to breakJen Burton out of prison : : : Instead of extraditing her : We 'll have to kill her before they get her down here : No ! That girl went to prison thinking I was going to get her out : When she finds out the truth , she 's gonna start talking : But : : : To kill her ? About how you supply me with the shipping schedules : About how I kick back one-fifth of my take to you : Are you going to let her destroy you like that ? Face it , old man : It 's your life or hers : Huer 's agent is going to break the girl out of prison and rendezvous : : : With Colonel Wilma Deering at Station Post 7 : So : Majel and I will take off for Moon Three immediately : : : And see that none of them leave there alive : - I 'll stick close to Huer , keep you advised of developments : - You do that , old man : 'Cause if you 're setting me up , I 'll see that you fall with me : : : Hard : Bye-bye : That oughta do it : Activate your scanner : [ Scanner Beeping ] Wait a minute : He 's wearing contraband : The X-ray shows some kind of necklace : Hold on : It 's just a keepsake , a good luck charm : Your luck just ran out : Afraid you bribed someone in preprocessing for nothing : I 'll keep it : We 're keepin ' it : You like our filing system ? Here we are : You 're just in time for some sunshine : Hope you took a good look at the real thing up top , 'cause from now on , this is all you get : [ Chuckles ] [ Buck ] Fifty-four : Fifty-three : Fifty-two : Fifty-one : Fifty : Forty-nine : Excuse me : Jen Burton ? I 'm Buck Rogers : I 'm here to break you out of this place : Your name 's Val-Zhan : And I 've heard that line before , many times : Except this time it 's not a line , as you 'll find out in about 25 seconds : By the way , when did the penal system go coed ? What ? You know , boys and girls together : How else would you do it ? Men in one place , women in another : Do you know the problems that would cause ? I don 't feel like talking : Why don 't you leave me alone : Okay ? Do me one favor : Hit the deck : Get down : Hey , look at this : [ Beeping ] [ Screaming ] I hope you 're wearing climbing shoes , because I think that elevator 's out of order : Come on ! [ Android Guard ] Escape is not possible : Prisoners will report to the dayroom : Escape is not possible : Prisoners will report to the dayroom : Escape is not possible : Prisoners will report to the dayroom : Escape is not possible : [ Burton Coughing ] Thanks : I 'm sorry about the way I acted in there : It 's just I really had heard that line before : Keep moving : I was thrown by your name : Never heard Mal say anything about a guy named Buck Rogers : By the way , where is Mal ? Your boyfriend didn 't send me : - Then why 'd you rescue me ? - The word " rescue " is a little premature : We 've gotta keep moving : Got a rendezvous to make : With who ? Whom : It 's with Wilma : Come on : My sensors just picked up a seismic disturbance in the proximity of the prison : [ Wilma ] Right on schedule : Colonel , is there any way to verify : : : That Captain Rogers didn 't trap himself and Burton in his own explosion ? Negative , Ambassador : The prison 's aerial defense shields are still operating , though communications appear to be out : I can 't get close enough for anything but long-range scans : We 're assuming they made it , so don 't keep them waiting : Descend to your rendezvous : The sooner we get that woman back to Earth for interrogation ... The sooner we stop Pantera : I understand , Doctor : Deering out : [ Sighs ] Ted , I know we 've made things difficult for you : I apologize : In truth , it 's the Zetans who have made things difficult : After all , their resistance toJen Burton 's extradition : : : Was totally unfounded in view of the situation : Quite puzzling , actually : Not really : As an independent planet , Zeta 's always : : : - Been distrustful of the Earth 's Federation 's activities : - I suppose that 's true : Well , Doctor , if you 'll excuse us : Ambassador Warwick and I have had very little chance to chat since he 's arrived : Can I interest you in some dinner ? - Only if you let me buy : - That 's fair enough : You know , I remember some years back ... [ Chirping ] I agree , Twiki : There is something odd about the Ambassador 's attitude : I wonder if there 's some kind of pattern , human or otherwise , in Pantera 's attack on our shipping : Take me down to Central Data , please : [ Chirping ] What about Buck ? He has no way of communicating with us , Twiki : If he 's in trouble , there 's nothing we can do about it : [ Chirping ] What a bummer ! I said , let go of me ! I 'm not taking one more step until you tell me what 's going on : It 's a long story , and I don 't think you 're gonna care for it much : This is a big desert , and I don 't like it much either : You promise you 'll keep walking ? As long as you keep talking : All right : It 's a deal : Come on : [ Sighs ] So where is it we 're heading again ? Station Post 7 : Dr : Huer says it 's kind of a colorful place , has sort of a Moroccan flavor : A what flavor ? Never mind : We 'll be rendezvousing with Wilma in two and a half hours : How did I get myself into this ? By falling in love with a fink , that 's how : I don 't know what that means , but I have a feeling I 'm not gonna like it : You 're catching on : [ Circuits Buzzing ] [ Beeping ] Listen , you came an awful long way and took a real big risk for nothing : I 'm not gonna tell the Defense Directorate anything : Maybe you 'll feel differently when you get back to Earth : Or maybe I won 't get back to Earth : You could just let me slip away , tell your people I escaped : They 'd never know : You could do that , couldn 't you ? Sorry : Why not ? They giving you a fat bonus the minute you bring me in the door ? Nope : I 've just never been very good at lying : Any minute now , an Earth ship is going to dock at the spaceport : It 'll be piloted by a woman named Wilma Deering : Take her to the service area and keep her there , out of sight : Is that understood ? Four hundred credits now , 600 later : We 'll meet you in the service area : [ Buck ] We 're making pretty good time : You want to stop and take a rest ? I 'm fine : Really , if you 're tired , I don 't mind if we rest : I said , I 'm fine : Well , I 'm tired , and I 'm gonna take a rest : - Pull up a rock : - I 'm not gonna let you take me back , you know : What are you gonna do ? Leave me abandoned out here in the middle of the wilderness ? Jen ? Why don 't you at least wait till we get to the next station post ? It 's that way : [ Circuits Buzzing ] [ Beeping ] Welcome to Station Post 7 , Wilma Deering : Don 't make me use this , okay ? Unconscious people are so difficult to carry : And dead ones are so unappealing : Are you crazy ? You 've got all these witnesses : Witnesses ? Any of you witnesses ? Just not that kind of town : Now , come this way to the service building : Uh-uh ! Don 't try anything : I could use this , but you 'd probably feel very uncomfortable when you came to : Uh , this way ? Just start walkin ' : I 'll tell you when to stop : Okay : I bet I know why you were attracted to Pantera : 'Cause most of the people you knew weren 't : What ? I 'm my own person : Oh ? Uh-huh : So you attach yourself to someone like Pantera to prove you 're your own person , huh ? He needed me : He used you ! - What would you know about it ? - He promised to spring you out of there immediately : How long you been in there ? The time for getting me out just hadn 't come yet : Uh-huh : What 's he waiting for ? Jen , you 've been in there for 10 months : He 's never gonna spring you out : He 's gonna leave you and the secrets of those murders buried in there forever : I don 't care about you , so why don 't you stop pretending you care about me : : : And who I am and why I am and just leave me alone ? Sand squid ! You got it : Come on : [ Panting ] You all right ? I don 't know how , but I 'm fine : [ Squeaking ] Buck ! Oh , hi : Can we talk about this ? Ah ! God ! Okay , big guy : Come on : [ Panting ] Whew : You okay ? Still breathing : How ' bout you ? It 's not the sort of thing I 'd want to do every day , but I 'll live : - Thanks : - Returning the favor : Nothing more : - You never let your guard down , do you ? - Sometimes : Thank you : Tell me , you got some sort of religious conviction against smiling ? [ Laughs ] That 's better : Well , this desert 's not getting any smaller : Shall we ? I gotta admit : You 're not as bad as I thought : Oh , thank you : Seriously : You make a lousy first impression , but ... Now , wait a minute : I got you out of there , didn 't I ? How long you been in there ? Ten months , rotting in that prison ? Well , not quite 10 months : Nine and a half maybe : [ Theo ] Now , let 's see : The first five freighters that Pantera intercepted : : : Were bound for the Rigel system : The next three for Vega : Two others for Space Station L-20 : [ Chirping ] I smell a rat : I 'm not sure what you mean by that , Twiki : But it appears that almost all of Pantera 's raids : : : Occurred in the quadrant over which Ambassador Warwick has diplomatic jurisdiction : [ Chirping ] Uh-oh : We must begin by tapping the ambassador 's computer : [ Chirping ] Someone isn 't gonna like that : [ Theo ] Meaning Dr : Huer : Yes , I know , but what choice do we have , Twiki ? [ Chirping ] Life is tough : I don 't like this at all : Wilma was supposed to meet us here over an hour ago : Well , she 's late : Come on : Let 's go to the spaceport : Let 's see if her ship is in at least : Uh , they 're looking at our clothes : I noticed : [ Laughing ] Um , what about , uh ... I never mugged anybody before : Mugged ? It 's an old 20th-century custom : I 'll give you a demonstration : [ Groans ] Why are you doing this to me ? - Somebody paid me to : - Who ? I don 't know : [ Sighs ] It never occurred to you to ask ? I 'm not getting paid a thousand credits to ask questions : It never occurred to you that a thousand credits : : : Is nothing compared to how much is at stake ? How come somebody wants you out of the way , huh ? Now you ask the questions : You smuggling something ? You the woman who 's been smuggling the quadrillium ? They 're probably tearing my ship apart right now : Course , they 'll never find anything : How much are you carrying ? Twelve kilograms : But if you think I 'm gonna tell you where it is ... You 're not gonna tell me : You 're gonna show me : Get moving : Now , then : Let 's try it again : - Who 's your employer ? - I don 't know : I didn 't get any names : All right , then : Where is your employer ? All right : All right : Wilma 's obviously not in here : Maybe someone 's seen her : Come on : Excuse me , my dear : I see some friends : Excuse me : My name is Sergio Sanwiler : Perhaps you 've heard of me : No : No , no , of course not : I can see you 're strangers : In fact , I couldn 't help but notice you 're prison escapees : - I can , uh , get those off you and not report you : : : For the right price : - We have no money : Wait a minute : Maybe we do : Not exactly in mint condition , are they ? But then again , what are a few bacteria between friends ? Wrist , please : I 'm looking for someone : Ayoung lady : - Came into town a few hours ago : Have you seen her ? - A blonde ? Yeah : I might have : But information is an additional charge : Some find my perceptions valuable : I 'd be a fool to give them away for free , wouldn 't I ? Well ? No : No blondes in today : Did see a redhead though : Sorry : There you go : Keep that as a little souvenir : - That 's it ? - Yes , that 's about it : I paid for that ? That 's not information : If that 's the way you feel about my services , good day : Twerp : Well , let 's tour this : : : City : She 's bound to be around here somewhere : [ Circuits Buzzing , Beeping ] [ Door Buzzer Buzzes ] Oh , please ! You won 't be needing that , I assure you : I 'm the gentlest of creatures : - Who are you ? - Ah ! Sergio Sanwiler : Perhaps you 've heard of me : No : Well , no matter : I have some information , if you 're in the market for it : I hear you 're looking for a pair of escaped prisoners : - A man and a woman , I believe : - Where are they ? [ Laughs ] First things first : Forty credits in advance : - [ Laughs ] - [ Laughs ] All right : You 've got your money : Now , get out of here : Gladly , sir , gladly : Wonderful doing business with you : Ta-ta : Well , this simplifies matters : I 've got another job for you : Hmm : Sanwiler says they 'll be in the courtyard : Give that to Burton : She 'll know what to do with it : We 've been through this town five times , and there 's still no sign of Wilma : Maybe she 's hiding from someone : She could be on the move : Yeah , or locked up someplace : We can 't bust into every building in town lookin 'for her : The best thing we can do is use the subspace transmitter on Wilma 's ship to contact Earth : They 'll send someone to pick you up and someone to help me search for Wilma : Come on : I don 't care what you have to do to get those coolant units recharged : I want that ship ready to take off in an hour : Now , move ! [ Pantera ] No , old man : There 's nothing to worry about : Just a friendly call to allay your fears : Everything 's going according to plan : Deering 's out of commission , and I just set a trap for Rogers : Jen Burton is as good as dead : Hey , Buck ? - I 'm sorry : - For what ? 'Cause you cared enough to help : That 's why I 'm really sorry I have to do this : [ Ring Buzzing ] [ Circuits Buzzing , Beeping ] [ Groans ] Just hold still a moment , Buck : Oh , boy : Take it easy : Give that shot a chance to work : Wilma ? Yeah , it 's me : - Where you been ? - Ah , I got delayed by one of Pantera 's thugs : What happened to you ? Where 's Jen Burton ? She 's gone : [ Groans ] She hit me with some kind of a stun beam and split : I think she 's headed straight for Pantera by now : If she is , she 's as good as dead : - He 's here to kill her , not rescue her : - He 's here ? - Yeah : - Where is he ? At the boardinghouse the last time I saw him : Whoa ! [ Groans ] You all right ? You feel that shot working yet ? Give me a minute : Give me a minute : [ Door Buzzer Buzzes ] Mal , look who 's here : Hi : I thought I 'd never see you again : As well you should have : My ring , Jen : Mal ? Is the ship ready for takeoff ? - Ten minutes : - Then let 's get going : I don 't like sittin in one place too long : Come along , Jen : Mal ? Stop it , Jen ! Just my luck the one person that ever broke out of that prison has to be you : I should 've known : Maybe I did know : I said , come along : Why ? So you can kill me ? You said you loved me : I said whatever was necessary to fulfill my needs : One of which you filled quite adequately : I said , come along , Jen : You 're next , you know : Ah , there you are , Dr : Theopolis : Any word from Colonel Deering or Captain Rogers ? None , I 'm afraid , Doctor : Colonel Deering 's status report is long overdue : Something 's gone wrong : But with Ted Warwick peering over my shoulder , I can hardly send in additional agents to investigate : Ambassador Warwick is a close friend of yours , is he not ? Yes , we were very close once : And now I 'm not sure I know him at all : He 's changed : When he was a young man , he was brash , full ofhimself , but also intelligent and compassionate : And supremely confident that one day he was going to be a great leader : Well , didn 't quite work out that way , did it ? Ayoung man 's promise made to himself is sometimes a difficult thing to live up to : I wish there were an easier way to tell you this , Doctor : But my investigations indicate : : : That Ambassador Warwick is working with Malary Pantera : I wish I were more surprised at that : Would you show me your data , please ? [ Chirping ] [ Chatter ] After a while , you see , the burden of wealth : : : Begins to insulate you from reality : That 's why I told my valet , " Javin , " I said , " Just give me an old suit , a small shuttle , and let me discover the galaxy as only a peasant can : " [ Laughs ] Now what ? Pantera 's not at the hotel , he 's not at the spaceport and he 's not here : Yeah : Someone must 've tipped him off thatJen and I were here : And I think I know who it was : Wait here : I 'll be right back : Lovely speaking to you , my dear : Javin is waiting for me out beyond the ... Hello , Sergio : Who ? You told Pantera where we were , and after I paid you all that money to keep your mouth shut : You owe me a favor : Of course : Anything : Where 's Pantera ? Anything but that : This isn 't fair : You 're using your unnatural height to your advantage : So sue me : Where 's Pantera ? If he 's not at the boarding hotel , then , I ... I don 't know : Fine : Then we 're gonna search that desert grain by grain until we find him : Well , in that case , his ship is being readied for departure in Service Building 3 : Fine : I knew you 'd respond to reason : Come on : Hyperthyroid : Now , then , as I was saying ... [ Circuits Buzzing , Beeping ] As you feared , Ambassador Warwick is not in his quarters : He is obviously aware of my suspicions : : : And is attempting his escape from the city : No , no : If he 'd left the Directorate complex , we would have heard : He must still be on the grounds : Seal off the area immediately : Already sealed , Doctor : When they find him , shall I have Security deliver the Ambassador to your office ? No : Despite all that 's happened , he 's still a Federation officer and a friend : When Security locates him , have them notify me at once : They 're not to take any action , not even to make their presence known : : : Until after I arrive : You stupid incompetent ! How could you let her get away ? I 'm sorry , Mr : Pantera : It wasn 't my fault : She used some kind of martial art technique I never saw before : How did she get free ? Uh , she said she ... Ah , never mind , never mind ! Get outta here ! And don 't think you 're gonna get paid for your work : You 're lucky to be alive : And as for you , just a shove into an empty air lock , and nobody 'll ever find the body in deep space : Sometimes the frontal assault works best : All right : Move : Get over there : You all right ? I 'm fine : Rescuing you is getting to be a full-time occupation : [ Wilma ] All right , all of you : We 're marching out of here single file : Not quite , Colonel : Drop your weapons now : Of course , frontal assaults do have their drawbacks : [ Android Guard Shouting ] [ Circuits Buzzing , Beeping ] [ Beeping ] [ Pantera ] This does necessitate a change in plans : Instead of one , there 'll be three bodies dumped in space : Go see what all that shouting 's about : [ Shouting ] [ Groans ] Agh ! [ Buck ] Why 's he after me ? What is it ? - It 's your bracelet : - Oh , it is , huh ? No ! Be my guest : You know he 's gonna kill him : Please help me : Oh , boy : Come on : Help him ! You just can 't let him take Mal away : What am I supposed to do ? He 's a machine : All right : Come on : I know where I can cut him off : Let 's go : Come on : You 've gotta stop him ! - Stop him how ? He 's a machine , not a human being : - Just stop him : ! It 's all over , Hugo : You 're not taking him in : All right : Full power : Control center : Fire ! [ Majel Crying ] You idiot ! You 've let her take your gun ! But you were hurt ! Will you get away from me ? I told you you were next : You don 't want to do that , Ted : What 's the trick , Elias ? Where are your guards ? No guards : It 's just me : I wanted to give you the opportunity to surrender : How considerate of you : I just heard from my people on Zeta : Pantera 's been captured : Jen Burton is still alive : Tell me something , Ted : Would you really have allowed him to kill her ? - L : : : Tried not to think about it too much : - I see : No , you don 't see : You can 't see : You can 't know what it 's like to be a go-between : A messenger : I was the one who was going to send the messages , Elias : Remember ? Not be the one to deliver them : I was going to build something : Something important : Something that would last : [ Explosion ] You seemed to take Pantera 's arrest right in stride : Congratulations : I adapt quickly : Besides , I had excellent help : Mmm : Wait a minute now : What is this ? Nothing : I just wanted to have a little something to remember all this by : Sure : You don 't think that android could ... No , no , of course not : You can keep it : [ Beeping ]
