 I can 't wait to get to that gambling deck . My new system can 't lose . This man could be my father . You 're at least related within ten generations . Whoo-hoo ! I hope you 're his father . For his sake . Borellian nomen ? They 're on a blood trail . Clear the floor ! It has been 12 sectons since Baltar 's surrender and our encounter with the advanced race , the mysterious ones who gave us coordinates which presumably would guide us to Earth . No reference of time seems apparent in the curious directions so it 's impossible to know if we can expect to find Earth tomorrow or many yahrens from now . But our scouts have located increased signs of the trail taken by our ancestors , the 13th tribe . And in my heart , I feel we are getting close . 'Celebrations are everywhere . 'People 's expectations grow with every passing centare . 'We 've given our weary combat pilots time for leisure and rejuvenation . 'Food , water and hope . ' I can 't wait to get to that gambling deck . My new system can 't lose . - Can 't lose ? - Nope . The gaming chancery on Pinius . - That 's not fair . - I didn 't think so either . Especially as I lost a secton 's pay betting your last system . - Yeah . I ... I know what went wrong . - So do I ! I lost a secton 's pay . 'Canaris Shuttle , this is Rising Star Approach Control . 'You are number two to dock . ' ' .. that we have eluded any Cylon pursuit in this quadrant . 'Reports that Galactica granted furlons to her squadrons support that . 'Good news for a change , Zed . ' 'Stay tuned after this message for Zara 's closing feature 'on The Warrior of the Centare . ' 'The survival of our fleet depends on the dedication of our warriors ... ' You must have transportation ducats . ' .. but we still need a few good men and women . 'If you 're between 16 and 46 yahrens 'and not in a highly critical civilian occupation , 'consider becoming a Colonial warrior . 'To become part of the team defending the fleet , 'request an open channel to Galactica Recruitment . 'We need you . ' 'Please welcome with me Lieutenant Starbuck . ' - ' Hello . ' - ' Hi . ' - ' Exactly how old are you , Lieutenant ? ' - ' I don 't know . ' 'Oh ! I realise you 're nervous but surely you know your age ? ' - Transportation ducats , please . - ' I 'm an orphan . ' 'I was found wandering in the thorn forest on Caprica . 'So I really don 't know how old I am . ' - Transportation ducats , please . - ' How axful . ' 'I used to think that 'but after the Cylons annihilated the Colonies , 'almost everybody I know lost some member of their family 'and not having a family to lose ... ' - Sir ? - ' .. I guess in a way I was lucky . ' We 're making a mistake with that programme . Sir , we 're 15 centons away from docking ... I 'm in charge of Inter-Fleet Broadcasting . You run the IFB ? Actually , just the news and interviews . Interviewing warriors isn 't enough . This fleet has thousands of civilians whose contributions are as important as any warrior 's . That 's what we need . Take you , for example . I wager you have more responsibilities than just walking around here picking up these ducats . I sure do . I 'm responsible for vehicle maintenance . Just keeping this old tub flying with old parts is a full-time job in itself . Precisely my point . We should be interviewing people like you on IFB . People who serve without glory . By the Lillium moons , we should interview you . Me ? When you 're off duty , report to the Comm-Tel ship . I want Zara to interview you for our next broadcast . We 'll call it The Unsung Heroes of the Centare . - How 's that sound ? - It sounds great . - Thank you . - Thank you . I gave you my ducat , remember ? Oh ! Yeah , sure . Rising Star in ten centons . Have your ducats ready . 'My parents probably perished in the Cylon raid on Umbra . 'It was a little agro city on the edge of the thorn forest . 'It was destroyed in a sneak attack in 7322 . ' 'Thousands of children were found in the forest afterwards and ... 'I was one of them . ' Why don 't you go ahead without me ? - I 'll join you in a centon . - What 's wrong ? I 've misplaced my wallet . Probably dropped it on the Canaris . You 'd better ... Just don 't worry about me . I 'll be fine . I 'll do no such thing . I have plenty of markers and cubits . Even some Orion checks . Here , you take some . Siress Blassie , as a gentleman , I cannot possibly accept currency from a lady . Especially a Siress . As a Siress , I insist . Well , if you put it that way , of course I accept . On one condition - that you return with me to my billet this very night . So I may repay you . Oh . Why , of course . If you feel that strongly about it , naturally I shall return with you . So you can ... repay me . Thank you . Shall we go in ? Stay clear of my ion trail . I 'm locking on target . Hold it , Jolly . I thought we were going to get some food . I see all the food I need . I guess they 're occupied for the rest of the furlon . I am not losing another secton 's pay . But how would you like to win another secton 's pay ? I want to watch this . - Borellian nomen ? - Oh . I never heard of them mixing with the other Colonists . They don 't , unless they 're on a blood trail . Relax , folks . There 's nothing to be concerned about here . These fellow voyagers are only here to enjoy themselves , just like the rest of us . Right ? Oh , er ... Siress , I wonder if you 'd be so kind as to excuse me for a moment ? I actually shuttled here on business . It won 't take long . I do hope it 's not interviewing those young female warriors . Oh ! Let me assure you , I find a woman who has experienced life much more attractive than mere youth . I won 't be long . Promise . - How long before they blow ? - He is young . He activated them by accident . - Have him deactivate them . - He can 't deactivate them . Once drawn , they have to be used or they reach critical mass and explode . - How much time ? - 50 microns . You . The vertical supporter . Borellian nomen don 't draw laser boles by accident . I said he is young . The drink and the music have excited him , that is all . It will not happen again . That 's a fact . Because if you 're staying here , these weapons are coming off . It is against our Code to be unarmed . You should 've thought of that before you got excited . And we should have known better than to mix with other Colonists . We will await transportation back to our ship in the docking lounge . 'Canaris Shuttle now ready for boarding . Inter-Fleet orbit Beta . 'Docking at the Tauranian , Pisces , agro ship and the freighter Borella . ' This fool is of your blood . I hold you responsible . I accept the burden for Taba and vow we will bring the prey down . Hm . Tell me something I do not know , Bora , like how a Borellian noman could break the Code by drawing his weapon without thinking . Maga , I saw that jackal Captain Dimitri ... Your lack of discipline is disgusting . You are a warrior of the Code - a noman ! Our very name strikes like a scorpius at the heart of others . For we alone survived in the land of the megasun and the endless sands and we alone shall survive this trek through the stars if we keep the Code . I am sorry . If you wish to apologise , Taba , do it after you 've been punished . If you survive . I 'll hover with these . Everything above a half-pyramid wins . Stick with me , buddy . I 'm telling you , this system can 't lose . - Evening 's young , Starbuck . - The trouble with you is a lack of faith . No , just an overabundance of experience with your systems . Build me , please . I 'll hover with this . Build me . I 'll hover with this . Pardon me . I realise it 's no concern of mine but the system you 're playing has one flaw . Flaw ? The odds are 3-1 against the dealer holding a capstone . But if she is , you can 't win . And your system doesn 't consider that . I thought you ought to know . Thanks . OK . Capstone and full pyramid . No winners . Hmm . - Can 't lose , huh ? - The system has one little flaw . I 'll work it out . - Thanks ... - Chameleon . I 'm Starbuck and this is my conscience , Apollo . You just saved me an early shuttle home listening to all the reasons why his system should 've worked . I 'd be honoured if you officers would permit me to purchase a drink for you . - I think I 've got it figured out . - That 's a wonderful idea . - Look ... - Come on . What 's wrong ? Cash us in , OK ? Patience , Bora , patience . He can 't stay in there forever . Chameleon , I thought I was the one that discovered this system . Lieutenant , I was using it on Caprica when you were still in swaddling . Although I 've never met anyone else who played it . If it exists , Starbuck will play it . Are you a professional wagerer ? I was , long ago . Now I 'm a genetic tracer . - I 've never heard of that . - Few people have . It 's rather a new science . You see , the annihilation of our Colonies left thousands of nameless orphans . My task is to unite them with blood relatives who 've also survived . But that 's impossible . Difficult , Lieutenant Starbuck , but not impossible . If I have a reason to believe such a relationship exists , there are genetic tests to confirm or deny it . You mean you can test everyone in the fleet and tell who 's related to who ? Theoretically , yes , but it would take thousands of yahrens . The procedure requires taking neurological cells from both subjects and putting them through rather technical tests , it 's ... it 's ... It 's fascinating . How did you switch from a professional wagerer to a genetic tracer ? - They seem light yahrens apart . - I did it out of necessity . I was badly injured in one of the first Cylon raids on Caprica . For five yahrens I was a traumatic amnesiac . Upon recovering , I learned that my wife had been killed in that raid . Evidently , my baby son had escaped . I tried to find him . Did you ever find him ? No , Starbuck , I never did . Well , er ... Just where and when did this raid take place ? You 've probably never heard of it . It was near the Caprican thorn forest at an agro community called Umbra . Lieutenant , what 's wrong ? I was orphaned in the raid on Umbra . Were you ? Well , to say the least , this is an incredible coincidence . Chameleon ... Before you go on , let me say there were 3,000 children orphaned in that raid . The chances of you being my son are astronomically low . - Yes , but ... - There is a chance . Starbuck , this is wonderful . But don 't get overenthused . Apollo , this man could be my father ! The key words , buddy , are " could be " . I know the odds are against it but we have a way of finding out . - We can take the test . - When a facility is available . Our waiting list on the orphan ship is yahrens long . I can 't ethically put us ahead of those toddlers . No , of course not . However , we could do a haemotype and an iris cone count . It 's very crude and would match up hundreds , even thousands of people but it 's a beginning . I thought you said the facilities were overloaded . To be perfectly honest , Captain , you may have the very equipment we need on the Galactica . What are we waiting for ? Let 's go . OK . I 'll order up the shuttle while you two finish your drinks . Well , er ... Where do we begin ? How about with your birth , or rather my son 's birth ? - Well , shuttle 's on its way . - Good . This furlon is turning into one surprise after another . What 's the matter ? I just had a run-in with some Borellian nomen . Borellian nomen here on the Rising Star ? One of them accidentally plucked one of those laser boles they carry and had to expend the energy on that column . - Did you call security ? - No . I think it was accidental . Anyway , they agreed to leave on the next shuttle . - Well , they didn 't . - They what ? They didn 't leave . They 're still in the docking lounge . I 'm telling you , they 're on a blood trail . All right , you get security . Let 's go . I gave you a chance and you 're still here . Explain . By what authority do you question us ? Are we not humans ? Are we not members of this fleet with equal rights and privileges ? Yes , unless you abuse them . This officer let you off lightly then you lied to him . - He insulted you . - If he had , he would be dead . It is you who have insulted me . Twice ! You must answer to the Code . Your name will be stricken from the roster of the nomen . Do with him as you wish . To me he no longer exists . 'Galactica Shuttle ready for boarding ... ' Hold this man for a Security Council hearing . I 'll file the complaint . You still haven 't answered my question . Why didn 't you leave ? We did not leave because the Canaris was full . We 're waiting for the next shuttle . It is that simple . You 're not on a blood trail ? We would not be returning to our ship if we were . There is much we can learn from one another , not the least of which is trust . - Have you ever smoked fumarellos ? - No . - Our shuttle 's here . - Be right with you , Starbuck . Perhaps you 're right . In time . I do not question , Maga , only ask enlightenment . Speak . Taba broke our Code and must be punished but why at the hands of these ... weak Colonial warriors ? Kill these warriors and others will follow to our ship . We will fight them to the death . They are weak but they are many . In time . But now we must have the patience of the scorpius . And you forget , we are on the blood trail . You speak wisely , as usual . Our prey has found protection with the warrior called Starbuck . What if he speaks of even the little he knows ? He cannot , without incriminating himself . No , he feels safe and so he will remain silent . And that will be his death . If we can get on board the Galactica . We will get on the Galactica . ' .. centon you enlist . ' 'If you want to be part of the team defending the fleet , 'request an open channel to Galactica Recruitment . 'We need you . ' I think it 's wonderful . After all these yahrens to finally find his father . - It 's a miracle . - That may be . All right , I 'll get it ... Look , it didn 't connect until I saw Chameleon with Starbuck but when that young noman plucked those laser boles , I could swear he was looking straight at Chameleon . - What ? - We 'll explain it later . - You think they 're after Chameleon ? - I don 't know . Even if the nomen were after him , he 's safe now and I don 't see what that has to do with him being Starbuck 's father . Maybe being Starbuck 's father . If he was running from the nomen , he 'd need protection . And we just escorted him off the Rising Star . Siress Blassie seemed quite disappointed . Naturally , when I explained the circumstances , she understood . And you just met this Siress ? Yes , why ? - We 've got to be related . - Oh ! Yeah ! 'Galactica Shuttle from the Rising Star , you are cleared for landing . ' It 's finished . Yes ? Well ? Well , you 're both from the same planet ... and from the same tribe . You 're at least related within ten generations . Whoo-hoo ! Starbuck , there are at least 100 men aboard the fleet that could match you both on these tests , it 's not conclusive . Well , I 'm happy for both of you . - Can you do the genetic tests ? - Yes . If these two are up to it . But I think Mr. Chameleon could use some rest . - No , let 's begin at once , please . - All right . This way . And you too , Starbuck . This will be an informal council . If anyone has anything to say , let them say it . Apollo , what did Jolly tell you ? He said the nomen got on the next shuttle . What about the detained man ? He insists it was an accident , just too much excitement and drink . If these nomen were after Chameleon , why didn 't he ask for protection ? Maybe he couldn 't for some reason . All right , say he couldn 't . Say this whole thing is some sort of con . Why is he so anxious to take this test ? He 'd want to delay it as long as possible so he could remain on the Galactica . I 'm beginning to feel like an equinus ' atrum . That makes two of us . Has anyone checked out Chameleon 's story ? How do you check something that happened 20 yahrens ago on Caprica ? You could ask Colonel Tigh to run a security check - with discretion . I 'm not sure Starbuck would understand . - You don 't share my concern , do you ? - I wasn 't there . But if you believe he is using Starbuck then you must act on your belief . Well ... I guess a security check is about all we can do . Is that really necessary ? You could always confront Chameleon . - I 'd be practically calling the man a liar . - Not practically . If he 's telling the truth , he 'll understand . If he 's not telling the truth , I wouldn 't worry about his feelings . Don 't look at me . I happen to believe the man . I 'd rather be on patrol ... but I 'm with you . Would you ask Colonel Tigh to run the security check ? I will . Welcome aboard the Galactica . Most of you have never set foot on the deck of a battlestar before and it 's normal to find it a bit overwhelming . We don 't want you lost on your first day so Flight Officer Omega will escort you to recruit quarters . - Omega ? - Follow me , please . - This isn 't going to hurt , is it ? - My hero . I just want to know what you 're going to do . I 'm going to extract a neuro cell . A brain cell ? From my head ? - And it isn 't dangerous ? - Only if there 's nothing in there . Cute . You won 't feel a thing , I promise you . This finite laser extractor will withdraw the image of a single neuro cell without breaking the epidermis layer on your head . It still sounds dangerous . - How 's it going ? - I 'm just about ready . Look , Cassiopeia , can you hold Starbuck here after the test ? Boomer and I want a word with Chameleon alone . Sure . What 's going on ? Nothing . Just some routine questions . You know I have more than just a medical interest in Starbuck . Cassiopeia , there 's a ... there 's a chance that Chameleon is pulling a hoax . We 'd like to check it out . Oh God , I hope you 're wrong . Cassiopeia reminds me of your mother . Sorry - my wife . Same eyes , same hair ... sense of humour . Really ? Is she a lot like her ? Quite a lot . Why ? Well , I ... I never told this to anyone before , not even Apollo , but er ... Cassiopeia is the only woman I ever considered ... the only one I ever considered getting sealed to . I mean , someday . Maybe . When we find Earth . - You know what I mean ? - Yes , I know . Find yourselves a bunk . This will be your quarters during training . We 'll issue uniforms and start your tests after sleep period . You 're going to be very busy so try and get some rest . Corporal Lomas has the watch in this department . Now , if you have any questions , I 'm here to assist you . Yes ? We have a friend , a warrior who saved our lives during the escape from the Colonies . Would his quarters be near here ? What 's his name ? Starbuck . Lieutenant Starbuck . Lieutenant Starbuck is billeted with the Blue Squadron but they 're all on furlon . Besides , as recruits you must stay in this area until you are cleared by security . I 'd be glad to get a message to Lieutenant Starbuck . No . We would rather surprise him . You thought I concocted a story about losing a son so I could get off the Rising Star with a warrior ? I was in the Astro Lounge when that Borellian nomen plucked a pair of laser boles . And it looked like they might be after you . Yes , they may have been after me . You see , they had a child they said was their nephew . The genetic test I conducted proved them wrong . - And they 're after you for that ? - I don 't know but considering how volatile they are , it is possible . But why didn 't you report this to fleet security ? Report what ? They 've done nothing to harm me . Then you didn 't feel the need for warrior protection . No , not really . Er ... Chameleon , we 're very sorry . We er ... we were just concerned about Starbuck being used . He must be a fine young man to have such wonderful friends . To a positive match . Yes ? We need a room - to pray in . Our Code requires that we pray in private . A small room will do . Recruits are restricted to quarters until cleared by security . Are you denying us our religious freedom ? No , but those are the orders . If we do not pray , in private , it is an unpardonable sin . I suppose you could use the supply compartment . Any room will do , so long as it is private . I don 't know how you guys are ever going to make warriors . We are warriors . Apollo . Boomer . Hi . You seen my father ? Yeah , we just left Chameleon in the Officers ' Club . Apollo , that security check on Chameleon just came through . What security check ? - Starbuck , let me explain . - Explain ? Sure , go ahead . When we met this Chameleon on the Rising Star ... You threw ice water on the idea that he might be my father . Hold it , Starbuck . We had our reasons . Ah . - You too , buddy . - It 's not Boomer , it 's me . I didn 't know the man . I thought it 'd be a good idea . Want to know your trouble ? You only have faith in yourself ! What is going on ? The end of a friendship . Captain , Lieutenant , I 'll be with my father if you want to count the mess hall silver . Otherwise , stay clear of me . His father ? There is a remote chance that Chameleon is Starbuck 's father . That is very interesting , because according to fleet records , this Chameleon doesn 't exist . - Then who is he ? - Whoever he is , he 's lying . - What could he want ? - Protection from those nomen . - Where are they ? - Recruitment quarters . - Alert the crewman on duty ! - Nomen on the Galactica ? They came in the last batch of recruits . Duty desk in recruit quarters doesn 't answer . Get security down there at once . Find Starbuck and Chameleon . Put them in protective custody until those nomen are located . Can we help you crewmen ? We 're trying to find Lieutenant Starbuck . Orders . - He 's on furlon . - No , he 's back . I saw him heading down to launch bay Alpha with some civilian . Aux boost , main thrusters , and this is the switch to the laser generators . When it 's on , you press that little baby and you unleash millions of voltons of firepower . Incredible . I can only imagine what it must be like streaking through the stars with your own fate in your very own hands . I tell you , that 's something . Ah , yes . There 's nothing quite like it in the universe . I 'll miss it . What do you mean ? I know the tests are going to be positive . I 'm going to make up for all the yahrens we 've lost . I should be saying that . No , you spent your life trying to find me . I owe you . My dear boy , you really don 't know anything about me . That 's why I 'm resigning from the service . Resigning ? I want to get to know you . We 've got a lot of catching up to do and I can 't do that if I 'm shuttling over to the orphan ship . But they need you on the Galactica . Ah . They got a lot of hot pilots . They don 't need me . Besides , it 's time I did something meaningful with my life . Meaningful ? What could be more important than defending the fleet ? Reuniting babies with their families . Your work is so much more important . You work with life , not death . I want to help you . We 'll be a great team . Son , you make me feel very proud . You do . And very ... insignificant . Insignificant ? Look , the truth of the matter is ... What 's the hangar crew doing down here when the squadron 's on furlon ? They don 't look like the hangar crew to me . - What 's going on ? - Where is he ? - Where is who ? - The jackal , Captain Dimitri . There 's no Captain Dimitri here . Just me . I 'll ask you once more , what 's going on ? A blood hunt , Lieutenant . Laser , laser . Son , hit the deck ! Starbuck ! Starbuck ! You all right ? No one but my father would be crazy enough to fire a laser in a launch tube . They 're in the launch tube . What happened ? Some nomen dressed like hangar crew came after me . Better get some medtechs down here . Don 't ask me how but they survived . They 're on a blood hunt after some Captain Dimitri . I don 't know a Dimitri on the Galactica , do you ? I 'm Captain Dimitri . Sort of . In one of his various occupations , he discovered the nomen were hoarding everything from medicine to laser generators . They had enough spare parts there to build a complete viper . So he pretended to be Captain Dimitri . - Of the livestock ship ? - That 's right . They paid him to slip them enough livestock to live on for yahrens . When they found out that he 'd conned them , they went on a blood hunt . That twisted Code of theirs . Yeah . And you were right . He was just using me to get off the Rising Star . Starbuck , we 're sorry . Apollo . Boomer . I 'm the one who owes you both an apology . I really wish he could 've been your father . Starbuck , we all do . I 'm a little old to start breaking in a father now . Where 's Chameleon ? It 's positive ! The test results , they 're positive ! Positive ? Positive . I can 't wait to tell Starbuck . No , you 've made a mistake . It 's negative . No , I 've got it all here . It 's positive . Cassiopeia , it has to be negative . If it isn 't , Starbuck will give up everything he loves . His career , his friends , even you ! And for what ? To try and recapture with an old fool who 's never done a straight thing in his life , yahrens that are gone forever ? For his sake , please , it has to be negative . You 're his father . But if he doesn 't know that , perhaps I can be his friend . I can be a very good friend . And after 20 yahrens , isn 't that more important ? But you will tell him , someday ? Someday . Maybe the day he gets sealed . Starbuck , sealed ? - Never . - Oh , I 'm not so sure . We 've been discussing what to do about you . I suppose that could be a problem . In a way , thanks to you , we 've put an end to our internal problem . - However ... - I could keep doing what I was doing . I don 't suppose I could . Chameleon ... Is that your real name ? Actually , well ... yes , it is . Good . We have been bombarded with messages from a Siress Blassie . We 've told her the situation but she 's willing to accept all responsibility for your rehabilitation . - Er ... Commander , I don 't think ... - It is so ordered . Chameleon ... You were in a tight spot . You did what you had to do . - No hard feelings . - Thanks . Thank you . Look , I 've grown kind of attached . I wonder if I might see you now and then ? Oh , sure . Yes . Certainly . Mind if I shuttle him back to the senior ship ? You 're still on furlon . Thank you . Thank you all . I 'm sorry for all the trouble . - Thank you . - Good luck . About that betting system , are you sure the flaw can 't be worked out ? Positive . Unless you cheat . I once knew a three-handed dealer in Pinius ... 'Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny , 'the last battlestar , Galactica , 'leads a ragtag fugitive fleet 'on a lonely quest - 'a shining planet 'known as Earth . '
