 I thought you were dead . Why didn 't you contact me ? Because I was foolish enough to care about you once . After seeing her , I think maybe I still care for her . I knew him on Caprica . For that we 'll all spend 30 yahrens on the prison barge . A fleet is held together by force . He and Charka are the best slave-drivers in the fleet . Armed workers are attacking the launch bay ! I will not have mutineers aboard my ship . Aurora ? 'There are those who believe 'that life here 'began out there , 'far across the universe , 'with tribes of humans 'who may have been the forefathers of the Egyptians 'or the Toltecs or the Mayans . 'Some believe that there may yet be brothers of man 'who even now fight to survive 'somewhere beyond the heavens . ' Morale continues to rise , due in part to the number of habitable planets we encounter and the reintroduction of amenities we enjoyed before the destruction of the Colonies . Once again , although on a limited scale , we are able to partake of music and the theatre and when the occasion warrants , even indulge in ceremony . 'We 've got 15 centons to make that ceremony or Tigh will kill us . ' Yeah . 'The last time we were late , we flew deep space probes for two sectons . ' Formation , salute ! Formation , rest ! We are assembled here today to honour a man of accomplishment , a man who rose from the ranks and became Commander of the Battlestar Rycon and the fourth Colonial fleet . Although gravely wounded at the battle of Cosmora Archipelago , he nevertheless rallied his troops and mounted a counterattack ... - Oh , my God . - .. destroying three enemy ships . It 's Aurora ! Commander Kronus was retired only a short time ... - That 's impossible . - I 'm telling you , it 's Aurora . .. but he volunteered his services and agreed to accept command of the Celestra ... - I thought she was dead . - See for yourself . .. her entire fleet to remain operational . - The Council of 12 has voted to award ... - She 's leaving ! .. the distinguished service medallion and appoint him executive commander of all three industry ships . Commander Kronus , would you please step forward ? - Excuse me . - May I help you ? - I need some navigational data . - For what ship ? The Celestra . It 's for Commander Kronus . Your name ? Your name , please ? Aurora . I 'm Commander Kronus ' pilot . All right , for what sector did you want your information ? - The Beta sector . - Beta sector . And very well deserved too . Sir , if I may ? - I guess I misunderstood you , Colonel . - Sir ? I thought you said you were due on the bridge shortly . Er ... yes , sir , I ... I mean , I am due on the bridge . In fact , that 's where I 'm going right now , sir . If you 'll excuse me ... sir . I think he was about to propose a toast , Commander . Adama , I always believed the first rule of command was to enforce all regulations , and the second rule ... Make sure there 's no exception to the first rule . You burnt that into my brain when I was your aide . Excuse me , sir , your pilot is here . The shuttle is ready whenever you are . Very well , Charka , we 'll leave shortly . I thought Tigh was about to blast out of his boots . Breaking formation isn 't exactly part of the military code . If you two hadn 't stopped me , I could 've caught her . There she is . Hey ! Aurora ! It 's been a long time , Starbuck . I thought you were dead . Where 've you been all this time ? On the Celestra , learning to fly . I 'm now pilot for Commander Kronus . But I 've been there for maintenance . - I know . - You knew ? For Sagan 's sake , why didn 't you try to contact me ? I used to wonder the same thing about you . Aurora , I didn 't even know you were still alive . I 'm in the personnel computer . Anyone could 've found me if they 'd cared enough to check . I cared , Aurora , more than you 'll ever know . But not enough to find out if I were alive ? Starbuck , I got them ! The last two seats to the Spheroid concert . Great . Cassiopeia , this is Aurora . - She 's an old ... friend . - Hi . Sorry if I interrupted anything but I got so excited about these tickets . You must know how hard these are to get . I 'm afraid we don 't have concerts on the Celestra , or elegant military receptions , for that matter . - The Commander 's leaving . I have to go . - I-I ... I 'll walk you to the launch bay . I wouldn 't think of taking you away from the party . - Nice bumping into you . - Aurora . Excuse me , Cassie . Aurora ! Did you ... Did you interrupt something ? Yeah , I guess I did . We 'll be landing in five centons , sir . Shall I signal the Commander 's compartment ? Those were his orders . I heard you . I was watching the time . I 'm looking forward to your telling the crew you 'll have your own fleet again . The parts ship , the textile ship and the Celestra . When I commanded the Rycon and 600 fighting ships , that 's when I commanded a fleet . I was thinking of our present situation , sir . This collection of moving derelicts isn 't a fleet , it 's a convoy . A convoy held together by mutual dependence . A fleet is held together by force and discipline . A fleet doesn 't just move , it performs . Although I often wonder if Adama realises that . Well , thanks to you , at least the Celestra performs . - We can do better . - I assure you I will . Charka , I 'm retaining command of the Celestra . With all due respect , sir , what about the other two ships ? Oh , their captains need a little shaping up but no serious problem . Charka , you are not ready yet for command . There 's more to running a fighting ship than a civilian work force . 'Celestra command to shuttle , your heading is 295 . 'Your cross vector is 31 . 'You 're cleared to land in the shuttle bay . ' Don 't be impatient , Charka . You will one day have your own command . Yes , sir . Regulations state that the commander has to approve it first . Then you notify the senior officer . - You know that . - And you know Apollo would approve it . Sir , I just don 't want to have to look for him . - You won 't have to . - Starbuck ... How come they 're preparing your viper ? He wants to go to the Celestra for an electronics maintenance scan . Er ... yeah . See , my long-range scan 's been acting kind of funny . It 's me . If you wanted to go see Aurora , why didn 't you just ask me ? I guess I thought you 'd try and stop me . You want to go , go . I just want to know why . I have to straighten something out . Why don 't you just leave it alone ? Because after seeing her , I think maybe I still care for her . I think you and Cassiopeia are getting so close it 's got you scared . Maybe you 're running away from Cassiopeia . Aurora already kicked me in the teeth today . - And she probably will again . - Apollo , I gotta try . Listen , she 's not mad at you . Maybe you could get her to ... Sorry , you 're not getting me involved . Apollo , look , I can 't just leave it like this . Colonel , we 're both going to the Celestra for a ... maintenance scan . - What 's wrong with your viper ? - Same as Starbuck 's . - Thanks , buddy . - I just hope it works out . It will . Aurora 's a very gentle and forgiving person . - Did you get them ? - Yes . Course heading and coordinates . I said they were for Kronus . I was so scared . Don 't worry . It 'll all be over soon . Can you make it malfunction ? Just another few microns ! - What if the fleet stops to wait for us ? - Not a chance with a repair this simple . This is the last chance for anyone to change his mind . Once we head for the shuttle , we 're committed . Very well . Let 's go . I thought Boomer and I were on patrol . But if you want it , you 're perfectly welcome to it . Thank you , Sheba , but we 're on our way to the Celestra . Not with my concert ducats you 're not . Hi , Cass . About the concert , my long-range scan 's acting ... Colonel Tigh told me . - The ducats , Starbuck . - Hm ? Oh , yeah . Sure . That 's it . - Both of ' em ? - I 'm not going alone . But I thought Sheba was going on patrol . Who said anything about Sheba ? 'Vipers 4 and 6 cleared for the Celestra . - ' Launch when ready . ' - Acknowledged . What 's it gonna be , Starbuck ? Are we going or not ? Cassiopeia , are you going to let him go without saying anything ? - I can 't stop him . - He 's going over there to see Aurora . Don 't you care ? I didn 't say that . I just said I can 't stop him . We 've lost thrusters , and a turbodyne has blown a laser sequence . Get an electra-tech team on it and get me the Galactica . Commander , Commander Kronus from the Celestra . - Put him on scanner . - Yes , sir . - Yes , Commander ? - We 've temporarily lost our thrusters . - Nothing serious . - ' What is your estimated time for repairs ? ' Two centares . Probably less with my people . 'You 'll be out of communications range within 20 centons . 'We 'll stop and wait for you . ' You know what happens if you try to stop a fleet this size . There 'll be ships scattered all over . I don 't like the idea of you being out there alone . 'I think I 've had enough experience to handle it . ' - Commander ? - One micron , please . Apollo and Starbuck are on their way there for maintenance . 'I 've been advised that two vipers are on their way to you for maintenance . - ' They 'll be at your disposal . ' - We 'll be back so quickly , you won 't even know we 've gone . I liked our relationship better when he was my aide . Starbuck , you haven 't said a word since we left . - I 've been doing a lot of thinking . - About Cassiopeia or Aurora ? Yeah . Wonder who she 's going to the concert with ? You 're worried about who Cassiopeia 's with but you broke a date with her to be with Aurora ? Yeah , but that 's different . Something 's wrong with my scanner - it shows the Celestra 's stopped . No , mine shows the same . Celestra bridge , what is your situation ? 'Minor malfunction . 'Our flight operations are normal . You are cleared to land . ' All right , just follow my orders and nobody gets hurt . Now , move . Hold it ! Armed workers are attacking the launch bay ! Attacked ? By whom ? Six armed workers in the launch bay . Order the landing bay crew to cut them off . - Yes , sir . - Follow me , Charka . 'Fight in the launch bay . Deploy your crews . ' Dianopolis , come on ! Trouble in the shuttle bay ! We 're going to have to work our way to the shuttle . We have to get to the other side . - It 's impossible , sir . The crossfire . - Nothing is impossible . Damon . Don 't worry , we 'll make it . I got it ! Cassiopeia went with Bojay . He 's on deep probe . - Where is everybody ? - She wouldn 't be with Greenbean ? Stop worrying and try to look your best . My best ? Even at my worst , Aurora thought I looked pretty good . She 's obviously blind . I 'm talking about Commander Kronus . Fasten your jacket . Go around . - That sounds like ... - It is . Aurora ? Aurora . Drop it ! Get your hands up . All right , move out . - Why didn 't you fire ? - I couldn 't . Aurora , you knew ... You knew that we might have to kill someone . Charka or Kronus , even their officers ... But not a Colonial warrior ? Not him . I knew him on Caprica . And for that we 'll all spend 30 yahrens on the prison barge . That was close , buddy . I froze . I couldn 't believe that it was Aurora . You know her , Lieutenant ? I thought I did . Captain , I want you to take the Lieutenant and use my shuttle to transfer the prisoners to the Galactica for charges . Wouldn 't it be better to hold them here until we catch up with the fleet ? Discipline is only effective when immediate , Captain . I will not have mutineers aboard my ship any longer than necessary . Yes , but charges for mutiny have to be filed by the senior officer of the ship . I know that , Lieutenant . That 's why I 'm going with you . Aurora . Why ? You know why . It was the only thing to do . But ... How 'd everything go on patrol ? Same as usual , Cassie - boring . Did you and Starbuck straighten everything out ? - He 's not back yet . - The Celestra stopped for repairs . Why didn 't he and Apollo just come back ? Erm ... I better go on over to the Officers ' Club . - OK . - See ya . - They probably just got stranded there . - Yeah . You shouldn 't have let him go there . - That wouldn 't have accomplished anything . - You don 't know that . A relationship based on possession isn 't for me . I don 't want to own Starbuck , or anyone else . If what he and I have is worth anything at all , we 're gonna survive all this . And if it doesn 't ? Hey , um , Boomer had a good idea . Let 's go to the Officers ' Club . Over there . Aurora , listen to me . - You 're the only reason I came . - I couldn 't care less . I think you do . You could 've killed me and you didn 't . Because I was foolish enough to care about you once . And I cared about you . The night the Cylons raided Caprica , I tried to find you , but your house had taken a direct hit , there was nothing left of it . I thought you were dead so I never looked for you . You gotta believe me . I do . But it wouldn 't have changed anything . - Keep your eye on them , Lieutenant . - Yes , sir . - What 's their heading ? - Coming up now . I 'm correlating it with load factor and fuel consumption . You 're always on top of things , Hermes . - You 'll make a fine exec . - Thank you , sir . What if Commander Kronus finds out what 's going on ? Forget about Kronus . By the time he finds out - if he finds out - he 'll be too far away to do anything . - Ready back there , Starbuck ? - All set . Celestra control , this is the Galactica shuttle requesting navigation instructions . 'Your heading is 958.1 . 'Cross vector 372 . 'Docking time is 2.4 centares . - ' You 're clear to launch when ready . ' - Acknowledged . They 're following our vectors . Right into oblivion . Once they 're far enough away , we go dark , disappear from their scanner . - Kronus will come back . - Naturally . But he 'll never find us . And his fuel will run out long before he can get in communication range . Congratulations , Commander . Not quite yet , but soon . Shut down operations . Order all workers to their quarters . - We don 't want any more problems . - Yes , sir . Oh , have all the lasers removed from the armament cabinets . - Bring them to the bridge . - Consider it done , sir . Leave me alone . You 've already caused me enough trouble . I 'm sorry for the mess you 're in but you can 't blame me . - You got yourself into it . - I had no choice . - Everybody has a choice . - Not the common people . Not on this fleet . You know what kind of life we have . It 's not like on Caprica but it 's rough on everybody . That 's easy for a warrior to say . It 's easy to say because it 's true . Don 't insult our intelligence . Your kind has already degraded us . Degraded ? How ? Forcing us to work 16 centares a shift . With our rations cut if we fail to fill a work quota . Never allowed to leave our ship , unless we 're part of the military class , or serve them as Aurora did . Wait , you 're trying to tell me those are the conditions on the Celestra ? Why doesn 't anybody know about it ? Know about it ? They gave Kronus a medal and a promotion for it . He and Charka are the best slave-drivers in the fleet . What 's wrong ? I just heard something I don 't want to believe but somehow it 's hard not to . Well , spit it out . I 'm not sure the Commander here will like it . I didn 't hear Captain Apollo ask whether I 'd like it or not but I heard him tell you to spit it out . And that sounded like a direct order , Lieutenant . All right . Rather than your loyalty being taken for granted as it was under Kronus , under my command , I assure you it 'll be rewarded handsomely . My first act , when I am appointed official captain of the Celestra , will be to see to it that each of you is advanced one grade . Naturally , an increase of payment will follow your promotion . More importantly , each of you will find your new rank brings you something far more valuable than cubits . Respect . - Executive officer . - The turbodyne is ready to go . Acknowledged . Captain , the repairs are completed . - How far away is the shuttle ? - Not far enough yet , sir . Then we wait . I 'm not accusing you , Commander , just telling you what they said . - And you believe them ? - I don 't know . Did you believe that the whole fleet was slave ships ? No . But they did . Then perhaps you can tell me where they planned to go in the shuttle . To another slave ship ? - He has a point , Starbuck . - Maybe . Where were you gonna go ? - Tell him nothing . - It doesn 't matter now . - To the 21st planet in this system . - Why ? According to the navigational tapes it was the most habitable . Good climate , plenty of food and a good landing field . What did you intend to do when you got there ? - Please , Aurora . - Live ! Something we weren 't allowed to do on your ship . Perhaps , by your standards . I can understand why some people cannot appreciate a military approach . But under our present conditions we must all make adjustments to survive . I have been in the Colonial service and life on the Celestra bears little resemblance to the military . Not when an animal like Charka double-shifts entire families . I know Charka is a taskmaster ... but I cannot believe he is inhumane . Believe , Commander ! Things aren 't like that on the rest of the fleet . I give you my word . That 's it . They 'll never reach the fleet now , sir . - Lock in on our course , Hermes . - Already done . Turbodynes . Shut down the navigational beacons , scanners and running lights - all the electronics that the shuttle could home in on . Fire thrusters . Something 's wrong . We should 've picked the fleet up on our scanner two centons ago . - Nothing . - Check the Celestra 's position . - She 's gone . - It must be malfunctioning . - No , the scanner checks out . - That 's impossible . - Unless she went dark . - That 's against regulations . The crew knows that . Especially Charka . - But if Aurora was telling the truth ... - He 's trying to kill us . Our heading must be out to deep space , away from the fleet . Charka will spend the rest of his life in the prison barge if I don 't get him first . I don 't think he 's too worried about that . When they went dark we lost our last reference to the fleet . Five to one he 's underway right now to rejoin them . Wherever that is . 'Galactica , Celestra shuttle , do you read ? ' It 's no use . They 're way beyond our transmitting range . With the fuel we have , they 'll stay that way . With luck , we might make it to the Celestra . Exactly what I was thinking . Lock in on her ion trail . Come up her exhaust . Your suggestion would work if we had the fuel , which we don 't . They must be in the opposite direction . Why don 't we reverse course and catch up with the Celestra ? Charka wouldn 't have sent us 180 degrees in the wrong direction because he knows we could reverse course . Charka may be a lot of things but he isn 't dumb . We 'll make a guess . Plot a point where we might intercept the Celestra at an angle . Assuming they 're moving at top speed ... Factor four . Assuming they 're at factor four , the computer should tell us where they are . But it won 't ! Or rather , it can 't . This is a civilian shuttle . The computer has no tracking capabilities . I told the Council to equip these shuttles properly . - We could fix this one up . - If we weren 't in shackles . And if we could count on a fair hearing once we reach the fleet . - You have my word . - We 're supposed to accept that ? Do you have a choice ? All right . Release them . It 's a good thing you people are from the electronics ship . If the Celestra went dark , at least they won 't know we 're coming . If we have enough fuel . And if we can find her . Nobody says she has to run at top speed . How long till we reach the fleet ? Just over a centare but we 'll be in communications range in 81 centons . We 'll reactivate electro-identification in 80 centons and not before . - Yes , sir . - And not after , Hermes . We wouldn 't want Commander Adama to get suspicious . Commander , we can arm ourselves with lasers from the landing bay . We have to get there first . The computer coordinates didn 't come with any guarantee . The Starbuck I used to know was an optimist . Only when the odds were in my favour . Damon . - Damon , what is it ? - Does it matter ? You matter . You matter a great deal to me . But I 'm not the only one . Damon , I don 't love Starbuck . You could 've fooled me . Why ? Because I loved him once ? Because it was pleasant and I still remember it ? Damon , those aren 't signs of love . Those are memories and that 's all . I love you . The lasers are here , sir . - Are they all there ? - Yes , sir . - Put them over there . - Yes , sir . Mind if we , er , talk ? I 'm not in love with Aurora any more . Spare me the speech about memories . I just heard it . Look , Aurora has you now . Besides , I have someone else too . And she 's just about all I can handle . - Well , that 's your problem , isn 't it ? - So are you . I don 't want Aurora to lose someone she loves . That 's why I want you to know where I stand . I 'll always feel something special for her because of what we once had . But it 's nothing that threatens you or anyone else . All right , now I know where you stand . - Are you through now ? - Yeah , except for one thing . You drive her away and you 're a bigger fool than you appear to be . Thank you . - There 's the Celestra ! - We got her ! - It 's all shut down . - Including the landing bay ! We 're going in anyway - if our fuel holds out . You must be crazy to land in the dark . Everybody buckle in . Fuel level 25 . Twenty . Fifteen ... ten . - Five ! - Kill thrusters . We need fuel for deceleration . Everybody hang on . - Decelerate ! - Decelerating . Let 's go . - No welcoming committee . - So far , so good . - The lasers are gone ! - Charka isn 't taking any chances . - Where would he take them ? - The safest place - the bridge . So we walk in and get them with only two lasers ? Unless you have a better idea . Let 's go . We can take them . We need their lasers . They might help us . Not all the crew will be in on Charka 's plan . Prisoners won 't help and we can 't know who 's on our side . One shout from them and it 'd be all over . We 'll get the lasers on the bridge . Let 's go . - Where are the lasers ? - Other side of the door . Let 's go get ' em . Nice and easy . Move it . Hermes , come here . Hermes ? Commander , stay here and guard these men . - Ready ? - OK . We 've got to get to the steering panel . Somebody already has . Let 's go . Take him . Commander ? Captain , did we ... do it ? We did it , Commander . And only a short while after we gathered to honour Commander Kronus in duty , so must we now gather again to honour him in death . Let us remember him not only as a warrior who died heroically in conflict but as a man who lived in pursuit of excellence . Now we return this warrior to the cradle of space . What 'll happen to Aurora and the others ? The tribunal found them guilty but with extenuating circumstances , so they got probation . Charka and his men are off to the prison barge . As a matter of fact , Sheba and I are shuttling them over there , so we 'll see you two later . Starbuck , I 'm really happy about Aurora and the others . Me too . Cassie , about Aurora ... You don 't have to explain . We 've never had a definite commitment anyway . Yeah , that 's it . I don 't know if I ever can be committed . Starbuck , it 's OK . I understand . OK . See , I just want you to know , I 'm not in love with her . Listen , I 've got two ducats to tonight 's concert . - But I thought ... - I traded those in for tonight . I kind of figured you 'd be back . What did I ever do to deserve you ? 'Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny , 'the last battlestar , Galactica , 'leads a ragtag fugitive fleet 'on a lonely quest - 'a shining planet 'known as Earth . '
