 We 're heading directly into a war zone . What happens to people on Terra affects us as well as your people . 'You have got to help them . ' Unidentified flying craft entered our airspace . Stand by to launch all missiles . Come in , Starbuck . Computon readout shows them to be armed devices of a nuclear type . Come in , Viper 4 . It is now seven sectares since the escape of our captives , numbering amongst them a group of nomen and the dangerous soldiers from the Eastern Alliance , whose Destroyers cruise these skies in search of any opposition to their political will . I have a recon patrol launched to track the Destroyer to its base on Lunar Seven . Once located , we can assess the strength of the Alliance and determine our next step . Commander , we have picked up alien fighters tracking us . - Apollo . - I got ' em . Blue Squadron , this is flight leader Apollo . We now have the Destroyer on scanner and will follow them . But I do not - repeat , do not - want that ship overtaken . Starbuck , you move out on point . Be careful . Stay out of their range . The rest of us spread out on either flank of that Destroyer . - May I ask why ? - To increase our scanner range in case they bring in more Destroyers to catch us in a crossfire . - Ouch . - Yeah . OK , Blue Squadron , we know where target one is . Look around and see if we can find any more . We don 't want any surprises . What 's that sound ? Oh ! Ah ! Too loud ! Stop ! I can 't ... Ahhh ! - ' Starbuck ? ' - Yo . - Is the Captain up there with you ? - No , he 's back there with you . - ' Uh-uh . ' - What do you mean ? He sent me to check out this Destroyer . Then he divided the squadron . He and I moved off together . - Well ? - Then he vanished right off my screen . Jolly , you close enough to come up and take my place ? - I 've got you on my scanner . - Well , get up here fast . - I 'm moving up to join Boomer . - Moving out . Welcome back , Captain Apollo . - Where am I ? - You remember . - I 'm not sure . - That 's to be expected . Where 's my ship ? I gotta get back there ! Lives depend on it . A lot more lives depend on your not getting back to your ship . - What ? - I think it 's time you met someone . Hello . - Who are you ? - I 'm sorry . We must keep the amenities short . Time is running out for us . What are you talking about ? Where am I ? Oh , yes , all recollection of your last visit was blocked out , wasn 't it ? Very well . You can call me John . And to put it briefly , we 're brothers . - We 're brothers ? - In a way , yes . But we are several generations , eons ahead of you . - Then you can 't be from Terra . - Oh , no , no , no . Otherwise , they wouldn 't be in so much trouble . That 's where you come in . You have to help them . - Me ? Help them ? - And to help yourself . Now you must move swiftly . We will get you as close to Terra as we can without causing complication . And then the rest is up to you . Wait , wait ! Er , John ! John , what do you mean ? Terra 's far away . The ship will be there before you know it . - And then what ? - You must do your best to stop a war . John , this is ridiculous . You say you 're eons ahead of me and you want me to stop a war on a planet I know nothing about ? - Why don 't you stop it ? - Apollo ... I can 't expect you to understand laws that transcend you by many generations . The simple truth is , I cannot be seen by the people of Terra outside the environment of this ship . I have no physical body as you know it . - What do you call that ? - A reflection of intelligence . My spirit , if you will . If you 're so advanced , why do you care about the people on Terra ? What happens to the people on Terra can affect us as well as you and your people . But we 're only in a position to advise . Then do it . Advise them , advise me . Tell me what 's going on . You 'll find that out for yourself as soon as you arrive on Terra . In the meantime , let me counsel you not to be alarmed if the people you encounter seem to think of you as someone they know . How 's that again ? You haven 't time to build up a credibility on Terra so we 're borrowing someone else 's . A warrior who 's missing . - Missing in combat , I think you call it . - What happened to him ? He 's being held captive on Lunar One . He 'll eventually escape . Though I should mention that he 's a bit of a scoundrel . But he 's all we 've got to work with . So make allowances if you 're not the most popular man on Terra . I 'm dreaming all this . I 'm in my ship in a state of flight slumber and when I wake up I 'll realise this was all a dream . Excellent idea . Wow . I 'd better give up nightlife or have my oxygen checked . My uniform 's turned white ! It wasn 't a dream . I got it . A long-range distress signal . That 's got to be Apollo . There 's no way he could have overflown our scanners in the time he 's been ... There it is . Boomer , good Lord . It 's coming from the wrong direction and it must be beyond any chance of having the fuel to get back . Let 's just pray that the fleet picks up my beacon and follows me . - Follows you ? I 'm coming with you . - ' You can 't . ' You have to take command . Continue our primary mission . Follow that Destroyer to Lunar Seven . - We could lose both of you . - He 's one of my closest friends . If he 's in trouble then I 'm going to help him or die trying . 'I 'll be seeing you . ' - ' Commander ? ' - Colonel ? - ' You 'd better come up to the bridge . ' - What is it ? 'I haven 't the slightest idea . Certainly nothing that makes any sense . ' I 'll kill him . I will kill him . Not a word in six weeks and he has the nerve to call me up in the middle of the night to come and pick him up ! Oh , man ! Charlie Watts , when I find you , I am going to kill you with my bare hands ! - Er , please don 't be alarmed . - Charlie ! - Charlie ? - It 's like seeing a ghost ! That 's entirely possible . Oh , Charlie , I thought you were dead . I get this call in the middle of the night to come pick you up . I don 't know . Where 'd you get that getup ? You look like you 've been to a costume party . - My ship crashed . - Oh , Charlie . You 've been in the desert that long ? Where 'd you find a phone ? - A phone ? - Are you sure you 're all right ? - I 'm very confused . - I 'm going to take you to a hospital . No , look , is there someplace more private we could go ? - I need to get my bearings . - I think you need medical help . I feel fine . I just need time to think . What was your name ? - Amnesia . - Amnesia , that 's a pretty name . - Do you know anybody named John ? - I 'm going to get you some help . No . - Would you just do as I say ? - OK ! OK . We 'll go to my apartment . I need a drink . This is nice . Does everyone get one of these ? Charlie , have a heart . We had something special once . It wasn 't exactly a one-night stand either . - I don 't look any different . - No . No , you don 't . This doesn 't make any sense . I wonder what this Charlie Watts looks like ? - What did you say ? - Huh ? Oh , I was just talking to myself . That 's not a good sign , Charlie . Look , Amnesia , I 'm going to have to level with you . I know this is going to sound crazy at first but I don 't know what else to do . You don 't have to do anything . I 'm going to change my clothes ... You wouldn 't do anything foolish , would you ? - Like what ? - Like getting in touch with someone . Wasn 't I the one who was always honest in our relationship ? You tell me . You haven 't changed . I 'll be right back . You can 't tell her the truth . How did you get here ? You said you didn 't have a body . A reflection , remember ? What have you gotten me into ? Who is this Charlie Watts ? Someone whose identity will get you inside the Precedium with the truth about what 's happening on Lunar Seven and Paradeen . 'We 'll get a team over as soon as possible . Brenda , be careful . ' Don 't worry , I will . Look , John , you 're going to have to clear up a few things for me because I don 't know what 's going on ! You know quite a lot . I can fill in a few gaps . My face ? How is it possible that this Charlie Watts is an exact lookalike ? He isn 't . They merely perceive you to look like him . Actually , he 's quite an attractive fellow . Very funny . At least you have a sense of humour . In my job dealing with primitive cultures , it 's a necessity . Primitive ? Well , primitive or not , if I get the feeling you 're gonna leave me hanging , I might tell them all about you . Then see how far my story gets you . Actually , I 'm not merely helping these people , I 'm also helping you and yours . Then you 'd better start levelling with me . - I want to know exactly what 's going on . - I 'm not sure I 'm permitted to work that way . I 'm not going to cooperate until I 'm sure whose side you 're on . Charlie , I 'm on your side , of course . Explain your way out of this one , John . John ? I guess that 's better than Amnesia . Welcome home , Charlie . Her name is Brenda . - Thanks . - You 're welcome . Look , er , Brenda ... you 're gonna have to tell me everything my friend here won 't . - Your friend ? - Yeah . She can 't see me , Apollo . Only you can , and then only in your protected state . My protected state ? You presently enjoy a protecting white aura . Let your uniform be your guide . As soon as it returns to normal colour , look out , you 're in trouble . Until then ... John ! John , you ... Poor , Charlie . Honey , listen to me . Whatever happens , I want you to know that I still love you and I want the very , very best of care for you . Even if you did walk out on me six weeks ago . Who 's that ? Charlie , don 't be cruel . You know my father 's been missing in action . Maybe you don 't know , you 've been away so long . We haven 't heard from him in four weeks . I 'm sorry . What 's that ? It 's my regular dinner service . I 'm always too tired to cook when I come home from work . You know that . Colonel ... Hold it right there . Don 't make us use force . - Thanks , Brenda . - Charlie ... I was thinking of you . You need help . You need help - all of you . That 's why I 'm here . Don 't make this any harder on me . I want you to come with us - now . Thanks , John . Come visit me , if any of us are still around . Good news , Colonel . You 're in excellent condition . - Then I can go ? - After a brief observation . Observation ? I feel fine . You said so yourself . What 's all this observation felgercarb ? Felgercarb ? - Guards . - No , wait . You don 't understand . John , get me out of here or I 'll spill everything ! John ? Oh , by the way , Colonel , if you 're thinking about escaping ... Fun , huh ? John ... What am I supposed to do now ? Mr. President . How is this possible when I had your word Charlie Watts was on Lunar One ? I don 't know , Mr. President , but since the attack by the Eastern Alliance , our information 's been very sketchy . Maybe he 's escaped . How ? Everyone else on that planet has been annihilated . A fleet of Eastern Alliance Destroyers obliterates everything that traverses from Terra . I don 't know , sir , but he 's here . - Who else knows about it ? - Only a girl and my security guards . - I 'll see that she 's handled . - Good , good . - I 'm sorry , but it is necessary . - Of course . One more thing , Mr. President . Earlier this evening an unidentified flying craft entered our airspace . - An Eastern Alliance ship ? - I 'm not sure . Our interceptors tried to track it but lost it on their radar . It 's probably an optical illusion or flying fatigue . The Precedium is so convinced there 'll be an attack , our boys are always in the air . Ordinarily I would dismiss it too but there 's been another incident . Another unidentified flying craft ? We lost it on our radar outside the city . Our ground teams are searching for it now . - Keep me informed . - Mr. President , about the Precedium . Now might be the best time to inform the Precedium of the damage caused to our outpost by the Eastern Alliance . Mr. Moore , if you do not want to wind up in detention with the rest of our disloyal officers , you will respect my wishes . I have no intention of allowing those warmongers to interfere with my peace treaty with the Eastern Alliance . My loyalty is beyond challenge . Then help me ! Help me keep that band of warlords , which calls itself a Precedium , from hurtling us into an abyss which will end all civilisation on this planet ! Yes , Mr. President . Yes , Tigh ? Emergency beacons from Vipers 4 and 2 are transmitting from this quadrant . - That 's a long way from Lunar Seven . - Yes , sir . If our geoscan is correct , it 's from somewhere near Terra . That Eastern Alliance Destroyer must 've gone directly to Terra . - I didn 't think it had the speed . - What 's the patrol report ? They 're out of range . We can pick up their emergency beacon but we can 't communicate with them . We 'll never catch them at the speed we 're flying . Put me on unicom , please . - Unicom , Commander . - Thank you . People of the fleet , this is Commander Adama . 'The Galactica is temporarily leaving the fleet 'to meet with one of our long-range patrols . 'It is purely precautionary . ' Two full squadrons of vipers will escort you to our rendezvous point . Thank you . Unicom out . Tigh , plot a course for Terra . - What velocity , sir ? - Light speed . Sir , it has been some time since the Galactica ... - Light speed , Colonel . - Yes , sir . Apollo ! 'This is Captain Apollo . 'Should any Galactica warrior successfully track me , 'I have set out on foot for a large city . 'I will keep my personal communicator on standby to act as a homing device . 'Be careful , I don 't know if we 're in friendly or enemy territory . ' Holy frack ! Gentlemen , whoever or whatever flew those craft in are not from Terra . Their technology is too advanced . Let 's hope they 've not been brought here by the Eastern Alliance . In my first contact with people from Terra , my laser is set for stun . That 's close enough ! And lower your weapons . - There are nine of us to one of him . - That you can see . Those ships appear to be single-man craft . Even if you are two , you 're intruders into airspace under the protection of the People 's Nationalist Force . Surrender your weapon and submit to interrogation or I will have no choice but to take you by force - dead or alive . Men ! I sure hope I don 't have to pay for those machines . 'Apollo , if you can hear me , I 'm on my way . ' " I 'm on my way , Apollo " ? Father ! Oh , you 're alive ! Father , what 's been going on ? It 's like everything 's upside down on Terra . Baby , I wish I could tell you . But I 'm afraid things are even worse than we imagined . What do you mean ? I 'm sorry I had to leave without telling you but I 've been on a secret mission for the Precedium . It appears the President 's been lying to all of us . But you were the closest of friends . Once . But now he 's just a tired old man who 's so worn down by wars , public opinion and God knows what else that I 'm afraid he 's just cracked . I can 't believe that . But the Precedium suspects that the President 's already surrendered - every one of Terra 's satellite planets . - Father , that can 't be true . How could the President hope to keep that from us ? Maybe he believes the alternative to peace is not necessarily war . That there 's middle ground to be found with those animals from the Eastern Alliance . - Can you prove we 've lost our satellites ? - No . I couldn 't even get to Lunar One because of the Eastern Alliance Destroyers . I don 't know if this is important but did you know Charlie 's back ? Colonel Watts ? What are you talking about ? He 's here on Terra . I picked him up just outside the city . He had some story about his plane crashing . He was talking crazy . He wasn 't himself . Brenda , if he was back , the Precedium would want to know immediately . He was on Lunar One when it was attacked . He 'd be the proof I need against the President 's deception . The government must know by now . - I called security . - What ? He wasn 't making any sense . He sounded delirious . That call may have cost Charlie his life . Brenda . General Maxwell . This is an unexpected pleasure . - Charlie ! - General Maxwell . - Stoney ! How many are in here ? - I don 't know , sir . Probably everyone who questioned the President . Charlie , I 'm sorry . I thought I was doing the right thing . - I know , but I 'm not Charlie . - You 're what ? I 'm not Charlie . Look , I know I look like Charlie but I 'm not Charlie . I 'm from another galaxy . - What 'd they do to his head ? - I wish I knew . Would you listen to me ? I 'm not crazy ! Hello . You 're not thinking of blasting your way in and out of here , are you ? Who said that ? And now you can see me . And remember . - The ship of lights . - Precisely . You 're the one who brought Apollo here . Where is he ? I 'm afraid he 's incarcerated - in there . - I can take care of that . - Just a moment . You 're not contemplating violence , are you ? Yes , unless you know a better way ? No , not in any way that I would be permitted to use . I am not allowed to interfere in any way . It 's a rotten job . Then stand aside . Or I 'll walk right through you . I know it 's not our way . It 's the best I can do with the material I have got . They 're primitives . Uh-uh , you don 't want to do that or I 'll do this to you . Now drop them or I 'll incinerate you . Now move ! 'Drop it or I 'll incinerate you ! ' Now , you 're holding a man here against his will , a man dressed very much like I am . - Apollo ! - I never thought I 'd be so glad to see you . No ! Don 't come near us until they turn off the force field . Come on . Quick ! Right in there . Move ! Let the others out too . That 's her father . Who is this ? You 're dressed alike and he called you Apollo . You mean that crazy story you told us is true ? If it was , maybe they can help us stop the Eastern Alliance . - No one can do that . - Give us a chance . - We 've a lot of help on our side . - Let 's go . Within one centare , we 'll be in striking range of Terra . Do you wish to reduce speed ? No , continue at light speed . The President 'll be here in one hour . He 's going to call us liars . We have no tangible proof . I know . Look , whoever you are , you 're the only one who 's been on Paradeen and seen the holocaust . How can you convince the Precedium that the President lied to them ? - Where 's John ? - I wouldn 't expect much help from him . He seems to help those who help themselves . - What about our ships ? - What kind of ships ? Vipers . Faster than anything you 've got . Advanced enough to prove we 're from another galaxy . - You haven 't got time to show them . - Have you got a better idea ? - Who 's he talking to ? - Look , we 're here . That 's a plus . What else can we do , John ? Great ! I 'm challenging the President in front of the Precedium and my evidence is two men who talk to someone who isn 't here . I told you . Yeah , you told us , but you can 't help us . If someone can take me to my viper ... - Where is it ? - Next to yours . I can take you there . I remember where I picked up Charlie ... Apollo . General , we can 't let them go . They can 't help us unless they can prove they 're from another galaxy . Starbuck , get the Galactica to put on some kind of show of strength . - Maybe then they 'll listen to us . - What 's the Galactica ? I 'll explain later . We 'll be back within a centare . I hope that 's less than an hour . She 's quite right . At this very moment , the Eastern Alliance is planning a surprise attack . It 's the beginning of the end . - Are you sure ? - I 'm sure . The Galactica needs time to get here , even at light speed . Your ships travel at the speed of light ? It won 't be soon enough . Look , I have it on the ... best authority the Eastern Alliance is planning a surprise for you tonight . How can you know that ? Unless you 're working for them . No . If he were , he wouldn 't be warning us . If this is their final strike , they couldn 't have timed it better . They know the President 's on the edge and he can 't contain the news of what 's happened . Why can 't we just throw everything we 've got at them on our own ? You can 't do that , Stone . That 's what separates you from the Eastern Alliance . He 's right . We 've got to plan what we 're going to say to the Precedium . We have to convince them that your story 's the truth . Let 's go . It is decided . A swift and decisive attack by our forces this very night will provide complete annihilation of the Nationalists and subject us to acceptable losses in return . All of our primary personnel have already been escorted into deep underground chambers that are as safe as this war room . - Shouldn 't we warn the general population ? - No ! Overpopulation is one of our most severe problems . With the annihilation of the Nationalists ' entire populations , combined with the loss of the non-designated members of our Alliance , an ideally-sized group of loyalists will then be formed which will supply population for our planet and all of its satellites . Well ? I know it 's around here someplace . Someplace ? Brenda , we don 't have much time . We got 30 minutes . Even if I got back to my ship now , I couldn 't get back before the meeting started . Is it my fault you lost your ship ? - You don 't even believe it 's out here . - I don 't know what to believe . I am here to announce this night a secret treaty made with the Eastern Alliance , whereby all hostilities will be halted ! A treaty with the Eastern Alliance ? - Has he lost his mind ? - Hasn 't everybody in the past 24 hours ? Now before I ask for a formal vote , I ask General Maxwell if he would like to comment on my proposal . He 's boxed me in and there 's nothing I can say . I can . Starbuck , come in . Come in , Starbuck . If you can hear me , I 'll stall them as long as I can . I will call upon a visitor to our nation , a young man who has come from afar to tell us that our predicament is not unique , that once upon a time there was another world , very much like our own , which ended as abruptly as I believe ours is about to end now . I give you Captain Apollo of the Battlestar Galactica , a ship from a world and a star system far from our own . - What kind of trick is this , General ? - Hear him out , Mr. President . If he makes a fool of me , you win . The chair recognises Captain Apollo . There was once , far across this universe , a system of 12 planets who had reached a level of commerce and peace unparalleled in our knowledge of man . Stand by to launch all missiles . We 're within communications range , Commander . Try to contact Viper 4 . Look , enough 's enough . I 'm going to turn around . It has to be here . I couldn 't have walked any farther than ... There it is ! I don 't believe it . I came from a world where the people believed that the opposite of war was peace . We found out the hard way that the opposite of war is more often slavery . And that strength , strength alone , can support freedom . Launch ! I compliment you on your strategy , General . It 's very theatrical . But considering the implausibility of your guest and the tangibility of my treaty , forgive me if I 'm not too concerned with the outcome of this vote . Neither am I. The Eastern Alliance has launched . - Launched what ? - Everything they have ! That 's ... That 's not possible . I have this treaty . They 've signed it ! Well , frame it . But hurry . What can we do now ? Nothing , we 're out of it . Everything 's automatic . They launch , we launch . It 's all done . All we can do now is wait . We 've got about six minutes . How will you convince the Precedium ? I 'm going to get back into orbit to contact the Galactica . If that doesn 't work , I 'll land on their front lawn and put on a laser show . At least that 'll get their attention . - When will you be back ? - I don 't know . Now stand back , I 've got to launch . And , Brenda , thanks for your help . 'Starbuck . ' - Now where are you ? - ' The Galactica is trying to reach you . 'In three minutes , enough missiles will pass each other 'to devastate four-fifths of that planet . ' - The Galactica , her lasers . - ' Precisely . But you haven 't much time . ' Viper 4 to Galactica . 'Viper 4 to Galactica . ' Commander , Viper 4 coming in over comm line . - Feed it up to the bridge . - Ready . 'Come in , Viper 4 . ' I haven 't time to explain in detail , but you 're about to pick up a myriad of flying objects angling across the planet below me . We 're picking up missiles now . They 're entering the planet 's ionosphere . Computon readout shows them to be armed devices of a nuclear type . We 've got to destroy them . They 'll blow each other up . Battle stations . - Stand by force shields . - Standing by . - Maximum laser power stand by . - Standing by . Positive shield , now . One minute to impact . Everything launched on schedule , sir . How reassuring to know our technology is sound . 30 seconds to impact . Starbuck , come in , Starbuck . Do you read me ? Come in , Starbuck ! Commander , all the missiles are in the ionosphere . Some of them are completing arcs and heading towards the planet . They 'll all re-enter the atmosphere in 15 microns . Ready ... fire . We 're getting a chain reaction , sir . Missiles destroying each other . We must destroy every single missile . Wow , what a show ! - Are you all right ? - Yeah , I 'm fine . It 's a good thing those things are going off above the atmosphere . I 'd love to see the faces on the boys that launched those machines . - Well ... - Zero minus ten . Zero minus ten . That means impact has begun . How have we done ? Direct hits , near hits , what ? - Uh ... - What does " uh " mean ? None of our missiles appear to have hit yet . That 's impossible and you know that ! Our intelligence says they have nothing that could intercept our missiles - that we know of . What do you mean , " that we know of ' ? Do you mean they have a shield capable of blocking out all of our firepower ? It 's beginning to look that way . Then they can launch wave after wave until we are annihilated . So far , none of their missiles have reached our space . - Surely they know we 've attacked . - It 's all very confusing . There are reports of explosions high up in the ionosphere . What treachery could they be up to ? Sir , may I suggest this might be the time for direct communication with their president ... before it is too late ? - Starbuck , are you all right ? - A little shaken but fine . - I 'm heading for the Galactica . - Thank the Lords of Kobol . I 'll be joining you in about a centon . You stopped them , nuclear warheads and all ! How ? Don 't tell them ! Now that you 've put the fear of God into them , let them worry for a while . There are some things we are not permitted to tell you . Even our civilisation has its military secrets . Perhaps in time our council will elect open relations . - In the meantime ... - You 're not leaving ? There 's so many things you could teach us . Our presence could bring you a greater danger than the Alliance . We 'll be back when the time is right . Excuse me , Captain . May I have a word with you , General ? The Supreme Commandant of the Eastern Alliance has asked me whether the treaty has been approved or not . They want to sue for peace on our terms . What shall I tell them ? I think you can safely count on the military 's support . I don 't think the Alliance is going to be double-dealing us for some time . Apollo , we have you to thank for ... Stoney , where did Apollo go ? I didn 't notice . Er ... just one more thing before you vanish again . - If I can . - Is this Earth ? - I can 't . - But you 've got to ! I 've risked my life , Starbuck 's - the fleet . You owe me at least that . Thank you . I 'm sorry , this is not Earth , and it is not the end of your journey . - How much farther is Earth ? - I 'm sorry , I 'm only here to ... I know . To advise . But you must have faith . Thank you . - All in a day 's work . - Are all your days like this ? Heavens , no . 'Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny , 'the last battlestar , Galactica , 'leads a ragtag fugitive fleet 'on a lonely quest - 'a shining planet 'known as Earth . '
