 We must discover what final retribution the assassins are planning against the Directorate : Now : - We 're gonna teach the Earth people a lesson : - How ? The total destruction of the Terran capital : [ Twiki Chirping ] [ Alarm Blaring ] The entire hangar 's going up in five minutes ! [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : [ Disco ] Hi : Come here often ? I guess you do : Rafael Argus ? - I don 't know you , do I ? - Harper 5 : Three months ago , you killed a man named Gleeson : Let me guess : He was your , um ... - Brother : - Right : I knew it 'd be something like that : Not good : I think you 're about to see the light : [ Exhales ] What took you so long ? " Long " ? That guy 's hired to kill people : You know , one wrong move , I 'd look like a grilled cheese sandwich right now : - A grilled what ? - Forget it : Those customers 'll be coming back any second : Hurry up and take your clothes off : You know what I mean : Now with any luck , they 'll think Argus zapped me and split before the cops arrived : " Split " ? Come on , Wilma : Just what have the probes found out , Doctor ? I 'm afraid they 've confirmed our worst suspicions : Rafael Argus here was about to become a member of the League of Interstellar Mercenaries , specializing in political assassinations : One member of this Legion of Death , a mercenary named Morgan Deneva , was killed by Directorate personnel last month : And the legion has a code when it comes to such things : I see : Deneva 's buddies have it in for you and the Directorate because you wasted him , huh ? If I ... If I understand you correctly , yes : Fourth floor : Ladies 'clothing and lingerie : [ Theo ] Twiki , what 's lingerie ? [ Chuckling ] [ Wilma ] These are highly skilled professionals , not hired guns : [ Screams ] [ Alarm Blaring ] Get some fire extinguishers ! You guys all right ? Quick : ! Anyone hurt ? Come on : ! [ Theo ] I 'm undamaged , Buck : Thank you : [ Twiki Chirping ] I 'm dead : I 'm dead : It 's all gone black : That 's because your visual inputs are facedown on the floor , Twiki : Now , pull yourself together : Here , let me help you up : [ Twiki ] Why is it the good die young ? Steady : You all right ? [ Chirping ] Anyone hurt ? Not this time : You mean , this has happened before ? It 's just a gruesome game with them : They want to frighten us and keep us off balance : Buck , if only you could help : Yeah , Buck : What about it ? Buck , I realize you helped us capture Argus , and I appreciate it very much : If you 'd like to end it there , then ... Sure , I 'll help : Thank the Lord : And we all know that Rafael Argus was about to be initiated into the ranks of the Legion of Death : However , because he always operated under a variety of names and appearances , none of the other assassins has any clear-cut idea of what he looks like , which is fortunate for you as you 'll be impersonating him : Oh : Now , their upcoming meeting on Aldebaran 2 : : Marks the first time all these people have gathered together in one place : So we can only assume that the subject of their discussions is of staggering proportions : : : And no doubt directly concerns us : Now , these are the people you 'll be meeting : Jolon Quince of Cygnus 3 : It 's a heavy gravity planet : : : Where humans have developed telekinetic abilities to survive : Seton Kellogg of Rigel 4 : A brilliant scientist whose strategies have engineered the deaths of a dozen planetary leaders : And Markos Marcilka of Vega 12 : He 's a martial arts expert : Rumor has it that : : : He 's had his nerve endings partially severed to reduce his ability to feel pain : - And lastly ... - Very nice : [ Dr : Huer ] See if you think so after you meet her : She calls herself Sherese : Planet of origin unknown : She 's an empath : Almost telepathic in her ability to pick up on people 's emotions : Their vibrations , as you would say : And she 's almost pathologically suspicious : So you 'll have to be on your guard against her every moment : Now , while you 're memorizing the data we 've obtained for you on Argus , Colonel Deering here will go on ahead of you to Aldebaran 2 : Wait a minute , Doctor : Why do we both have to go ? Because we must discover what final retribution : : : The assassins are planning against the Directorate : It 's too important a job for one person , Buck : Considering the circumstances , the odds are that one of you will not : : : Succeed : [ Disco ] Hey , watch where you 're goin ' ! Well , aren 't we a big one ! Sir ? You owe me an apology : The apology ? Yeah , sure : Hey , I didn 't mean nothing : It was my fault : - Sorry : - I rather thought you would be : - Hello , Quince : - Sherese : I was just thinking of you : You look just as lovely as ever : Cut the bull , Quince : Save it for those vacuum-heads you go out with : I 'm not impressed by your mindless flattery : Well , then I 'll buy you a drink : I never drink : Slows the reflexes : Yes , of course : Have you heard from the others ? Kellogg is on his way in from Tau Ceti , and Argus was on Earth the last time I heard : All I know about Markos is that he 'll be here ... Somebody I know is in this room : [ Man ] And you know what I did ? You opened your mouth and bored them to death ? Go on : Go on : Joella : Joella Cameron : Sherese : Excuse me a minute , will ya ? Hey , you come back , Joella , or I 'll just go lookin ' for ya : One more drink , and that clown won 't be in any condition to go looking for his left shoe : Still hanging out with losers , huh , Jo ? Like that Beechim creep from Rigel ? I don 't see him anymore : Oh , why ? Did he get tossed into detention ? Jo , you know Rafael Argus , don 't you ? [ Chuckles Softly ] Do I : Well , he 's gonna be in port tomorrow : Now , I 've never met him , but from what I understand , he 'd be better company than that slime : How about if I let you know when he 's coming in ? How would that be ? Marvelous : We 've reprogrammed the computer in Argus 's ship so that it responds to your voice : And remember to try to use those items on your belt sparingly : These black-light bombs are still in the experimental stages , and they can only provide a covering darkness for 30 seconds at most : And one more thing : We won 't be able to give you much help with the local authorities : They 're going to believe that you are Rafael Argus : You 'll have to deal with them as best you can : Well , you certainly know how to make a trip sound appealing , Dr : Huer : - Well , good luck to you , Buck : - Thanks , Doc : Cheer up , Doc : I 'm not dead yet : [ Female Computerized Voice ] Welcome home , Argus : Hi : How are you ? All fueled up and ready to serve you , Rafe : Oh , well , that 's nice , but I 've gotta be going pretty soon , so ... That 's what I 'm here for : All systems engaged : [ Engines Powering Up ] Reaching escape velocity : Artificial gravity engaged : You know , I don 't know if I 've ever said this to you before or not , but I think you are the sexiest onboard computer I 've ever known : Why , thank you , honey : I 'd like to think so : Stargate coming up in 20 minutes : [ Humming ] Sorry to disturb you again , Rafe , but I 'm tracking a squadron of starfighters on an intercept course with us : [ Buck ] Oh , no : Police cruisers : Message coming in : [ Man ] N2-453 , you have been identified as Rafael Argus of Altair 5 : Prepare for boarding : Prepare for boarding : Your ship will be towed by tractor beam to the nearest space station : Go to maximum velocity ! Now ! Sorry , Rafe , we can 't go any faster without rupturing the star drive : All right , give me manual control : Manual control ? You never wanted manual control before : Well , I want it now ! If I don 't perform some evasive maneuvers , we 're sunk ! Now , engage manual control ! Direct hit to our starboard force shield , Rafe : Another one like that , and we 'll be completely defenseless : If I might make a suggestion , the pulsar cannons are operational : - Why not use them ? - I can 't fire on the police ! That doesn 't quite compute , Rafe : Decelerating to sub-light speed : Star drive phasing out : I know : Tractor beams , right ? I 'm afraid so : You don 't have to be anywhere real soon , do you , Rafe , honey ? As a matter of fact , I do : [ Woman Over P : A : ] Flight 723 to Altair 5 is leaving from gate 20 in 15 minutes : Mr : Kellogg : Quince , I don 't believe you 've met my bodyguard , Varek : Forgive him for not meeting you face-to-face , but he doesn 't have one to speak of : You see , Quince , several generations ago , the people of Varek 's planet thought they 'd won a nuclear war : That , of course , was before the unfortunate effect : : : Radiation has on genetic materials manifested itself : The deformities became worse with each generation : He 's a mutation ? A human mutation : My people were human : Yes , they were once : Varek , be a good man and check the terminal for police : Yes , of course : A wretched creature , but not without certain advantages : He seems to alter his molecular density : Precisely : The effects of nuclear radiation : : : Never cease to fascinate me : Never : [ Wilma ] No , Doctor , Buck and I have not rendezvoused : He hasn 't arrived yet : I checked with the spaceport : We can only assume he was intercepted en route to Aldebaran : You 'd best go to our alternate plan and make contact with Quince as soon as possible : Yes , Doctor : If Quince doesn 't know the full details of their plan , use your surveillance equipment : But only if Quince doesn 't know : Kellogg probably has any number of jamming devices on his person : Your equipment will circumvent them , but it will require a direct line of sight , and that could be dangerous : I understand : Good luck , Colonel : Huer out : Doctor Theopolis , it has become obvious : : : That the Legion has some sort of operative working here at the Directorate : If you 're feeling up to it , perhaps you and Twiki could begin an investigation : An excellent idea , Dr : Huer : That will afford me an opportunity to engage in what Buck likes to call : : : " Old-fashioned deductive reasoning : " Twiki , take me to the personnel computers : [ Chirping ] I want a vacation : Quiet , Twiki : Okay , okay , easy : Look , I have a very important meeting to attend : Couldn 't we ... - What are you looking at ? - Nothing , my friend : Nothing : I merely wish to make your acquaintance : Barnard Smith is my name : My friends call me Barney : Rafael Argus : The Rafael Argus ? Why , this is an honor , my friend : An honor : : : To be sharing a cell with so illustrious a figure ! Yes , I suppose it is : However , there 's no need to share any cell : : : If I can get them to lower that force field : You have a , uh , plan ? Let 's just say I need an opportunity : Well , follow my lead , my friend : Follow my lead : Opportunity is about to knock : Guards ! Help ! Get me out of here ! Help ! Help ! Guards ! Help : ! Get me out ofhere : ! Oh ! Ah : ! What 's the matter with you ? You fool ! Don 't you recognize an Arcturan when you see one ? He tried to have psychic commune with me ! Aah ! - He 's out of his mind : I never touched him : - Don 't listen to him ! He wants my mind ! You idiot : ! Don 't you know enough to separate the species ? Aah : ! Get me out ofhere : ! All right ! All right : Colin , move this joker to another cell : I got his gun : ! Come on , Barney : ! Come on : ! Wait a minute ! You don 't wanna go ... We 'll discuss it later ! Oh , Rafe , you 're still alive ! I won 't be long if you don 't get us out of here fast : Did they check your memory tapes to find out where we 're heading ? Uh-uh , Rafe : And once we 're through the stargate , we 'll be beyond their jurisdiction : [ Jazz ] Pure Denebian silk , isn 't it ? Absolutely nothing attracts my attention faster : : : Than pure Denebian silk : - Is that right ? - You did want a drink , didn 't you ? Yes , thank you : That was an interesting trick : Is it true what they say about telekinetics ? And what 's that ? [ No Dialogue ] [ Both Laughing ] Do you like it ? Does it matter ? Hmm ? Let me fix you something : You know , l-I was beginning to think that this little trip to Aldebaran : : : Was going to be something of a bore : Oh ? So why did you come ? Well , you see , I ... I have a meeting with some friends : A little private business : Now , what 's a sweet , young thing like you : : : Doing with a subspace transmitter in your closet ? What are you doing ? There : Feeling a little less nosy now , Mr : Quince ? [ Laughing ] Now , tell me about those friends of yours : - Who called this meeting ? - Oh : Kellogg : Kellogg called it : - For what purpose ? - Oh : We 're gonna teach the Earth people a lesson : How ? What are your plans ? Oh , I don 't know : Kellogg 's the strategist : It 's up to him : Hey , look : Why do you wanna talk so much when we ... Because I find you so disgusting and so repugnant : Now , one last question : Where are you meeting to discuss the details of this plan ? Solar collector , 1400 , tomorrow : - The one in this hotel ? - Yes : Very good : Now , I want you to close your eyes , and when you wake up tomorrow morning , all that you 'll remember about tonight : : : Is that you had a wonderful time : I cannot believe we are reaching a parting of the ways : Don 't go getting sentimental on me , Barney : I mean , it was fun , but nothing I wanna press into my scrapbook , if you know what I mean : Look , I have a marvelous idea : What do you say to a liaison ? A partnership : : : Between you and I against the galaxy ? Why , with my brains and your ... more brains , there 's nothing we couldn 't do : Well , I work alone , Barney : As do I , my friend : But I can 't help thinking what a terrific team we made breaking out of that space station : Look , we 'll discuss it later over dinner : You know , you got something there : I like that : Listen , I 've got some stuff to pick up at Customs : I 'll meet you at the gate in 20 minutes , okay ? Excellent , my friend : Excellent : [ Woman Over P : A : ] Government regulations prohibit the transport of sub-humanoid life forms to Aldebaran : For more information , contact the Department of Alien Immigration : Now , Mr : Argus , if that is who you are ... Greetings , Mr : Argus : I take it this means I passed ? Indeed you have , Argus : I haven 't had this much fun since we initiated Morgan Deneva : Anyone who can hold his own against us deserves to be considered one of us : To the Legion of Death : I 'm Kellogg : Sherese and Quince and Varek : Our mysterious friend Markos has arranged for all of us : : : To meet inside the solar energy collector at 1400 hours , at which time we shall discuss the full scope of our plans : Something I can do for you , Sherese ? You 're just not what I expected , that 's all : Disappointed ? Not yet : By the way , there 's an old friend of yours waiting for you back at the hotel : Joella Cameron : Sound familiar ? Not particularly : But then , I meet a lot of women : Well , this one very definitely remembers you : [ Alarm Blaring ] [ Man Over P : A : ] Emergency : Emergency : All personnel : : : Evacuate Hangars 3 , 4 and 9 immediately : What 's happening ? There 's an overload in one of the launch tubes ! The whole hangar system is misfiring : Can it be repaired ? Well , if we can 't , this entire hangar is going up in five minutes ! - Dr : Theopolis ! - Here , Dr : Huer : Fire Control to launch tubes 7 and 12 : How are you progressing ? We shall soon see : That 's it : Sever the input rods : Carefully : We want a gradual loss of power , not a complete break : That could do more harm than good : [ Chirping ] Can 't you just phone this in ? Quiet , Twiki : Now , one more rod : Carefully : [ Alarm Stops ] There : With the power bypass in effect , the overload is effectively neutralized : Excellent : Thank you , Dr : Theopolis : You were brilliant : Of course : You do realize , don 't you , that this near-tragedy was no accident ? As soon as you feel up to it , Dr : Theopolis , I 'd like to see you in my office : Hello : It 's me : I guess I arrived a little early : I 'll try you again at 1340 hours : See you then , Rafe : Just five minutes from now : Perfect timing : We meet Markos at 1400 hours : We really don 't have time to socialize : We can wait for Argus 's acquaintance to arrive : I , for one , love to watch reunions of old friends : Varek , be a sport and get these people some drinks : [ Buck ] Oh , I 'll get ' em : Name your poison : Varek will do it : Won 't you ? Yes , of course : Why do you let him treat you like that ? I deserve no better : Why would you say something like that ? My people were a proud race : Too proud : It wasn 't enough that we had tamed our planet , built a great culture , reached out into space : We had to have other worlds too : We abused our freedom : And so we lost it , and deservedly so : Your world wasn 't the only one that suffered through a holocaust , you know : Earth did its best to destroy itself too : No : Earth was fortunate : It didn 't see its children twisted , deformed , mutated : Is that what you 're afraid of ? What people will see behind that mask ? [ Beeping ] Varek : Varek , get that : [ Varek ] Excuse me : Well , Argus , that must be your friend , Joella : Hi : - Is Rafael here yet ? - Joella : It 's been a while : Look , I know we didn 't part under the best of terms , but give me a chance , will you ? You got a deal , Rafe : Sherese : : : You satisfied ? Good : Good : Shall we ? Remember , we 're all to meet Markos in 10 minutes : Thanks : You 're welcome , uh ... Buck : Buck Rogers : You are taking an awfully big chance , Buck Rogers : Trying to fool Sherese and her friends , that 's risky enough : But , uh , how do you know I won 't blow your cover ? You look like somebody I can trust : I just look like somebody you can trust ? [ Chuckles ] Boy , you must get hurt an awful lot : Sometimes you get hurt no matter what you do : You can 't let that stop you trusting people : [ Chuckles ] Sure you can , after you hear the same old lines year after year : : : Asking you to trust and to care for as long as they need you : And then they leave you , and you 're alone on some godforsaken planet , and you don 't even know where home is anymore : Sure you can : Joella , everybody gets hurt , but everybody doesn 't hurt everybody : I 'll hold you to that , Buck Rogers : Count on it : I 've gotta go , but I 'll be back : Oh ! Where do I find you again ? Downstairs in the bar : I 'll be around : [ Buck ] Yes , well , this is all very impressive : Where are we ? The superstructure of the hotel 's solar energy collector : Which explains the heat , of course : But then where 's Markos ? Markos ? You needn 't worry about Markos : If Markos is anything at all , he 's punctual : I try : Markos : Good to see you again : Markos , you remember Varek , Sherese , Quince : And he is Argus : [ Markos ] Argus : Rafael Argus : I 've heard about you : Same here : [ Kellogg ] All of you know why we are here : The Earth Defense Directorate must be reminded that : : : The Legion of Death is a most special group of people : A group to be respected , to be feared , to be left alone : And they must be taught a lesson : : : For the murdering of our colleague , Morgan Deneva : A lesson : Yeah : A lesson the entire planet will never forget : I think we 're all in agreement : What did you have in mind ? The total destruction of the Terran capital ... New Chicago : [ Quince ] A challenging idea , Mr : Kellogg : But that 's a city of 10 million people : It would take a fusion bomb to destroy a city of that size : Not necessarily , Quince : There are simpler ways of annihilating 10 million people in one stroke : - Perhaps : - Perhaps ? Perhaps ? How do we keep from being caught ? It 's all been carefully conceived , Argus : My plan is the utilization of each one of your particular talents : Now , to get down to the logistics of the problem : - We 're being observed : - Observed ? - Are you sure ? - Positive : - Where ? - Up there : A woman : A dangerous woman : Kill her now ! - Kill her , now : ! - I 'll get her ! - Take Markos with you : - I work alone : Not when I 'm in charge ! Kill her ! Hold it ! I 'll take care of her : Rafael Argus : I should have known : You know her ? Yeah , we 've met : I 'll try to make this as painless as possible : - [ Groans ] - Uh-oh ! About the painless part ... Why didn 't somebody tell me that those stun guns only work on a person 's nervous system ? This bozo doesn 't even have one : - Did you hear Kellogg 's plan ? - Yeah , what little there was of it : Buck , we can 't go back to Earth without knowing how they 're gonna destroy New Chicago : I was afraid you were gonna say that : What are we gonna do with our friend here ? Well , listen : This is the l : D : To Argus 's ship : Take it and hide there with him until I can join you : All right ? Oh , and , listen : If I 'm not there by 1500 hours , you leave without me : You understand ? You hear ? Okay : Hey : Good luck : All systems in Flight Hangar 5 have returned to equilibrium : Starfighter patrols are double-shifting in Hangars 3 and 7 : : Until repairs can be made : And you have no idea who sabotaged the launch tube ? There is no internal evidence to suggest a culprit : However , I have had the personnel computers provide me with a list : : : Of all Directorate employees with a 9th-level clearance ... anyone who would have had access to the locations that were bombed : How many employees would that be ? 1,227 : I am , however , pursuing other avenues of investigation : : : And expect to have a hypothesis soon : Still no word from Colonel Deering or Captain Rogers ? No : No , Doctor : Not yet : Êáëõíç ÷ ôá : êá : [ Engines Power Up ] I 'm not Argus : [ Engines Power Down ] Who are you , and what are you doing in here ? I 'm a friend of Argus , and he told me to meet him here : Rafe would never do that without telling me : Well , he didn 't have time , and we 've gotta get off this planet at 1500 hours : And if I don 't get these engines warmed up soon ... [ Electrical Zap ] [ Groans ] I do the warming up around here , sweetie : And don 't you forget it : Ah : You were successful ? In a manner of speaking , yes : What does that mean ? Where 's Markos ? Dead : The woman was a member of the Earth 's Defense Directorate : She killed Markos before I could kill her : Damnable Huer ! First Deneva , now Markos : [ Groans ] He 'll pay for this one : They 'll all ... [ Sighs ] They 'll all pay : Sit down , Argus : We were discussing the logistics of our mission : Which , as I was saying , our biggest problem is : : : Keeping the Earth 's entire starfleet off our tail : : : While we make our escape after we 've destroyed New Chicago : Yes : But if we can destroy New Chicago : : : And make it seem as though it were an act of God , no one will be looking for us during our escape : Subsequently , we will claim full responsibility for the deed : To destroy a city that large , you 'd need an earthquake or a tidal wave : Or an antimatter explosion : - You 're joking , of course : - Far from it : New Chicago receives its power from a contra-terrene , a generating plant located in the wasteland outside the city : - Contra-what ? - Contra-terrene : It 's a reactor that uses matter and antimatter to create energy : And if someone were to sabotage that reactor , allowing the matter and antimatter to mix uncontrollably ... Everything for 200 square kilometers would be atomized instantly : Very good , Kellogg : [ Varek ] I know a little about uncontrolled reactions : We can 't know the aftereffects of such a large antimatter explosion : The area could be uninhabitable for centuries : An interesting experimental situation , wouldn 't you say ? After all , it 's not our planet , is it ? So , when do we leave for Earth ? Unless anyone has a better idea , I suggest we leave tonight : Well , in that case , I have a protracted good-bye to deliver to someone : - Joella ? - You got it : [ Chuckling ] [ Beeps ] Yes ? What are you doing ? My sensors show contact with their outer casings : Just doing a little home repair , sweetie : [ Powering Down ] You little witch : Thank you : Buck , where are you ? I was wondering where you were : Joella , we have got to get off-planet right now : Wait a minute : I don 't have time to explain : Let 's go ! Ah , Jo : Still hangin ' out with losers , huh ? Uh , look , uh , can 't we talk this over ? I 'm afraid not : I 've heard of being light on your feet , but this is ridiculous : Buck , don 't you dare get yourself killed : Don 't you dare : All right , Kellogg , what 's the idea of having Porky and Baby Doll here kidnap us ? Argus , shut up ! We 've been approached : : : By a-a local informant : : : Who says he 's selling some information that might be very interesting : I believe you 've met him : Barney ? I , uh , hope you believe , my friend , this would not have happened had I not had a sudden reversal of fortune : Get on with it ! I met Rafael Argus two years ago on Sutter 's World , and I can tell you for a fact , that ain 't him :
