 EDITH : I 've said it before . No ! You stay here . What can you be thinking of ? All there is to do here , and you talk of riding off to find Tom ? Charles will find him . That 's why he went . Now , go and finish those billhooks we need for the forge . Ain 't got no iron . How do you suppose I 'd manage with you two gone as well ? They want to ride off . Hmm . To find Tom , they said . - Charles is doing that . - That 's what I said . Charles has been gone for 10 days . How much longer are we supposed to wait ? - He had a gun . - A real bigshot , eh ? Provisions , maps , a good horse . I 've lost one son already . - And if you two go as well ... - We 'll come back ! Even if we don 't find Tom . Hasn 't it got through to you yet ? What ? Nobody who leaves here comes back . Not even your Charles . ( WHISTLING ) We should never have let him go . Someone had to look for Tom . One of the boys should have gone . He 's their brother , after all . I would rather trust Charles to find him than those two . Finding Edith 's eldest son isn 't really our concern . We 've recovered their farm and got rid of Brod . I did that . Lot of thanks I got . - We all appreciate it , Hubert . - There 's one that didn 't . - But if it hadn 't been for me ... - Yes , yes . We know , Hubert . I bloody wishes I was with him now . If he hasn 't been eaten by dogs , that is . ( WHISTLING ) ( LAUGHS ) If they can 't get organised here on their own , they never will . Every day we 're stuck here , Greg could be getting further and further away . This is the only place we have found where they manage to produce more than they need . There 's enough wool in this loft from last summer 's shearing to clothe hundreds of people . Enough cheese is stored as well . Unless they can soon exchange it for the things they want they 'll let it all run down . Well , why not send Steve and Owen to find people to trade with ? ( SCOFFS ) They do little enough here . Steve and Owen don 't care . You know that . Sitting around with their bows and arrows , wishing they could ride with Brod again . They could be making tools we need in a forge . They 're just not interested . They 'll settle down again once Tom gets ... Tom ? I 'm sick and tired of hearing about Tom . - You never met him . - True . But he 's as practical as Greg . He found this place at the time of the plague , rounded up all the sheep he could find , gathered together a herd of cattle . Well , we can 't just abandon everything he started . We have to find Greg ! And we will . But there are more important things . ( GROANS ) Jenny ! People in my country are starving . ( COW MOOING ) What is the matter with you , Betty , me old love , eh ? She kept lifting her tail just now . Eh ? Did she ? Well , it is swelled up . How long has she been in calf , then ? You 'd better ask Edith . No , you had . Go on . She 's starting . Find out if she should have . Don 't fret , me old darling . We 'll do all we can for you . But Betty 's not due for another three months . AGNES : You could easily have got that wrong . Are you sure it 's not one of the other cows ? No , it 's Betty . Just started , Hubert says . Well , if she 's going to start early , it could happen again . Again ? Last calf we had was born dead . - Well , when was that ? - Last month , on Brod 's place . Well , that 's not surprising , the way things were there . Well , what 's so worrying about a stillborn calf ? It 's happened before . That 's why it 's worrying . Two abortions in a row . And left to herself , she 'd eat her own afterbirth . They like the taste of it . And it will all start up again . What would start up again ? - Brucol ... - Brucellosis ? That 's right . What she said . Could be that . Charles is coming up , from the river . - Charles ? - I 'll go , Jenny . HUBERT : Hold the end steady just once more . - He 's back ? - Yeah , on foot . - Charles ! - ( LAUGHS ) Hello , Agnes ! Are you all right ? - We 've been so anxious . - Oh , I 'm just tired , that 's all . - You 're not ill ? - No , not now . - What happened ? - Plenty . - Did you find Tom ? - No . But I met a few people who had news of Greg . - Where is he ? - Oh , it wasn 't enough to lead me to him . Well , what 's been happening here ? Oh , all sorts of things . Edith is inside . She 'll tell you about it . She 's making soup , I think it 's carrot . Well , that 's the lot . Well , at least the mother 's free of it now . HUBERT : Can 't be sure of that . She didn 't touch her calf or the placenta . I 'll go and scrub out the cowshed . Isolate her , Hubert , in case she gets infected again by the others . A bit late for that . She could be the only healthy cow we 've got left . Could have been just a bad calving . And there 's no news at all of Tom ? I 'm sorry . I need him , Charles . I need him here . Come on , let 's go inside . Rabies ? If it 's all going rabid out there as well ... It 's just something else we have to contend with , Jenny . Now , Charles , what about this man who said he 'd seen Greg ? Oh , that was weeks ago . He said he was looking into the possibilities of some open cast mining about 30 miles from here . Well , then we must go there . I tried to find him for you , Jenny , but he 'd moved on . Anyway , we can 't go anywhere yet . Well , the cows will be all right . Once they 've aborted , they 've got rid of the disease , surely . Then it 'll be a year before any of our bullocks are ready to serve them . Mmm . If Brod hadn 't taken our bull . Oh , I think I saw him this afternoon . They boys could recapture it . Our whole livelihood depends on those cows . Can humans catch it ? Well , it 's possible . It 's not fatal . Hubert 's the one most likely to have picked it up . So keep away from him . Hey , watch it ! I should keep out of there , if I were you . - But you 're not bothered . - Oh , I 'm used to it , aren 't I ? I 'm the one that does other people 's dirty work for them , aren 't I ? - You got back safely , then ? - I managed . Who was your guardian angel this time ? Hubert , look . I know from every rational point of view , you did right to kill Brod . But you must understand that for me , well , it takes a bit of getting used to . I 'm sorry . Better not . You might get infected . With the cow disease , I mean . How do you know it 's a disease , then ? We don 't but we 're not taking any chances , lad . Well , there 's one man who could tell us , isn 't there ? Perhaps Owen and I should ride out and find him ? EDITH : Bill Sheridan ? He 's much too far away . - You and Tom rode over there once . - It 's out of the question . Look , first , you won 't let us go and find Tom , and then you won 't let us go and find the one man who 'll help you to save your stupid cattle . Bill 's not a vet . He just knows about homeopathic medicine . - How could he vaccinate ? - Well , perhaps he could cure . Are these the people you told us about before ? Yeah , they 're miles away . Two days at least . - Well , the boys will be all right . - They 'd not come back . AGNES : You said that about Charles . He wanted to come back . They don 't . - STEVE : Oh , of course we do . - You 've done nothing ! Ever since we got back here . We guarded the sheep . Well , that was quite important , wasn 't it ? You 're looking for any excuse to ride off . You 're not interested in making a success of this farm . Is it true what she says , Steve ? Come on , Owen , better go and calm her down . ( SIGHS ) Edith is right . They 're Brod 's boys at heart . - Then I 'll go ... - CHARLES : Oh , Jenny ! ... by boat . That 's what we were going to do before , wasn 't it ? Keep to midstream and I 'll be safe enough . Jenny , if anybody goes , the boys go . And if they don 't come back ? You 'll not leave Edith to cope on her own ? And you 'll not leave her with a useless herd of cattle , either . - That 's true . - So the sooner we get the vet , the sooner we can get on after Greg . ( SIGHS ) JENNY : I could have gone on my own . CHARLES : Nobody should ever go anywhere on their own . JENNY : You did . CHARLES : It 's a mistake I learnt from . JENNY : It didn 't have to be you to come . Look , Jenny , I got reasons of my own for coming along . So don 't get the idea I 'm here just to protect you . Hmm . Thanks for the warning . ( JENNY LAUGHING ) ( CHARLES EXCLAIMS IN DISAPPOINTMENT ) You know , it 's a long time since I heard you laugh . Well , it 's a long time since there 's been anything to laugh at . It 's getting better , Jenny . It 's getting better all the time . Catch the bull ? No one else here could possibly do it . It 's in Brod 's field but it may not stay there . So , if you and Owen ride out first thing ... I thought you were afraid we might ride off for good ? It 's a risk I 'll have to take . Steve , your mother needs you . If all our calves are going to be born dead , we need that bull . CHARLES : Ha ! There I was , 20 miles from home , all by myself . Nothing to protect myself but that stick . Do you know , I was cold and I was wet and I felt exhilarated . - You felt what ? - Exhilarated . I know it 's something stupid . A bird was singing . That 's jungle noises . That 's Brod 's jungle . Ah , but it 's all ours , Jenny . You know that 30 miles to the northeast of here , there 's a railway with a full working steam train on it ? And coal they just spoon out of the ground beside it . - Is that the scene that Greg found ? - Rivers that aren 't polluted any more . Fish , timber , coal . All the fruits of the earth . - Just waiting , waiting for us . - Us ? Privileged , the lucky ones , those that survived . Oh , we should be exhilarated , Jenny . You know , we 're so damned ... lucky . It would help if you were a little more friendly to them . Young , healthy boys , you must have seen how they look at you . - I certainly have . - And what 's wrong with that ? Nice boys . They 're almost your age . They way you cold-shoulder them , it 's not surprising they 're so restless . - I 'm sorry , Agnes . - So you should be . - Why don 't you come with us , then ? - To catch a bull ? We 'd look after you . I bet you would . Then why not ? OWEN : Perhaps Agnes would come too . If you like . Really ? Well , isn 't that great ? What , as a nursemaid ? We 'll go on our own . - Mavis ... - On our own , I said . STEVE : Well , don 't look so worried . We 'll come back , promise . OWEN : Unless we 're gored to death , that is . Or get a lucky break . Pick up a couple of birds at the local caff . Drop in at the pub . " Pint of export , please . " " Let 's go to the cinema . " Sex and the Single Girl . ( STEVE WHOOPS ) I just don 't want to have to spend another night on the river . You were all right last night , weren 't you ? Safe as houses . Take it easy . There 's no rush . ( ENGINE WHIRRING ) What 's that ? - What ? - Listen . It 's a car . Can 't be . It is . You know it is . Well , if it was a car , it 's long gone by now . ( SOFTLY ) Charles ! Hey . Did you hear anything just then ? A car . ( CHUCKLES ) Impossible . That 's what we thought . Where have you come from ? Downriver . JENNY : We 're looking for a man called Bill Sheridan . Do you know him ? Does he know you ? He knows a friend of ours , Edith Walter . Well , you 've got a good way to go to Bill Sheridan 's house . You know it ? I hope I 've not forgotten my own home . Come on . Come on , cowboy . Give us a hand . I done my bit . I got that rope round that brute 's neck . Up to you now . Fine brother you are . - Friends of who ? - BILL : The Walters . BILL : You remember them ? You rather fancied Tom Walter , as I remember . Oh , them . But they live miles away . No , it 's just two days ' row . - With the blisters to show for it . - Oh , where did you spend the night ? - Anchored in midstream . - Oh ! There you are . Nothing can harm you if you keep away from the banks . Well , how did you meet the Walters ? Oh , they rode by one day last summer , Edith and Tom . They said they had a mill down there . - On the lookout for anyone with grain . - Not that we could help . - We just grow enough for ourselves . - JENNY : Yes , most people do . How is Tom these days ? Not bad-looking , is he ? I don 't know . I 've not met him . Well , he 's still looking for grain . He went off about three months ago . What , and hasn 't come back ? From what I can remember , Tommy can look after himself . He 's as likely to be torn to pieces by the dogs as anyone , Bill . You know that . - Want to see my pharmacy ? - Why , is one of you ill ? Edith 's having trouble with her cows . She thinks I can help . I hope it 's nothing serious . We think it 's brucellosis . Bill will give you something to give them . It 's the beauty of homeopathic medicine , you do it yourself . No need to have a vet . She 's from London . Her husband was a bus driver . She was carrying his child when I met her . Where was that ? Wandering about the M1 . She 'd been on a train from Derby till it came to a halt in mid-country . ( CHUCKLING ) Poor Alice , didn 't know where she was . Now , then . - How many cows has Edith got ? - Um , 20 . - People ? - Fifteen . Mmm . We had an outbreak of brucellosis ourselves in these parts some time ago . This is all I 've got left . Uh , where did all this come from ? Homeopathic pharmacy . That 's where I was going when I met Alice . My wife had died and I had the baby in the car . I thought if I can get to that pharmacy I could save him . Do you understand about homeopathic medicine ? The basics , yes . My parents were fanatics about it . I knew what I was looking for and as it seemed to have protected me from the plague ... Oh , come along . Others survived , too . But not so many were quite so exposed to it as I was . I was an orderly in the county hospital . Till I found myself alone . Hmm . So , all of this came from that pharmacy ? Well , most of it I 've made up myself . I 've got the distillery outside for the alcohol . I grow what I want . Then I filch things from the woods and hedges on my rounds . Not that all this can be replaced . You don 't know anybody with business in Whitstable , do you ? Whitstable ? Who could bring me back some oyster shells ? Is that what this is made from ? It 's not all herbs and juices and poisons but it 's all organic . Part of nature , like man . Maybe it was always the best medicine . Maybe not , but ... Well , if you go to the x-ray department of the county hospital , the intensive care unit , or the fully computerised operating theatre , if you 're looking for scrap metal , you 'll find plenty there . There 's no other use for it . Never will be . But this is growing all about us . Part of nature , like us . For our use , if enough people learn about it . Now , look , you said you had an outbreak of brucellosis before . Did you cure it ? Well , unless they never had the disease in the first place , which is always possible . ALICE : Half the people who send for him don 't need him . They just take advantage . Just how many people are there around here anyway ? More than you 'd think . Once it gets about you 're a doc or a vet , you soon find out . They had him treating rabies the other day . And half of that was just imagination . Rabies ? Where was that ? You 've been treating rabies ? Well , it turned out it wasn 't as serious as they thought . - People will panic . - You 're telling me . Charles was there . They hunted him like a mad dog . That was you ? You heard ? Yes . Let 's have supper , shall we ? We want to make an early start in the morning . But you can 't cure rabies , can you ? Well , I can set people 's minds at rest about it , anyway . See what I mean ? Half the time he needn 't go at all . BILL : Of course I do . Reassurance is part of the treatment . People say it 's a part of the disease . It 's the patient you must treat , not the illness . That 's why you 'll go and see their cattle , won 't you ? If only to tell them it 's not brucellosis at all . All that way , and all that danger , just to put their minds at rest ? Well , what about my mind ? That could use some reassurance , too , while you 're away . I 'm not going , Alice . I made up a pack for Charles , if it is brucellosis , told him what to do . Now , let 's have supper , shall we ? ( CLOCK TICKING ) ( COW BELLOWING ) Edith . You aren 't coming to bed ? It 's been dark for hours . I thought I 'd read a while . - By that light ? - I 'm not sleepy . That cow isn 't , either . She woke me up with her bellowing . - Edith , she 's not ... - Hubert is coping . - We must go and help . - He won 't let you . He doesn 't want anyone else in the cowshed . - Why is he so stupid ? - Considerate . He thinks of others . - Can humans really get it ? - Yes . Perhaps this time it will be all right . A good healthy calf . There 's a chance . At least this one went her full time . ( COW BELLOWING ) Did Steve and Owen catch the bull ? - I haven 't heard . - Didn 't they say ? - They 're not back . - But it 's nearly midnight . Another reason I 'm waiting up . They said they 'd come back , they promised . I did offer to go with them . They didn 't want me to . I expect they 've made camp somewhere . They 'll probably be back in the morning . Even at home in Norway I never found it easy to make friends , apart from my father . And these days , travelling as we do , well , it 's best to travel light , isn 't it ? I think so . I couldn 't bear to be Jenny . What are you looking at ? Hubert 's lit another fire . - I thought Edith might like some apples . - JENNY : Oh , thank you . I remember her saying there weren 't any fruit trees on that farm . Yes , their only fruit is what they can pick wild . I thought we might send that grain we were given too , Bill . At least they 've got a mill . Will you give her that when you get there ? Um , it 's all right , Alice . I can manage , from what Bill 's told me . The reassurance wouldn 't be the same from you . It 's got to come from him . If something does happen , maybe one of you 'd come back and tell me . JENNY : Alice , do you think I could stay here with you till he does come back ? Sort of hostage ? Sort of friend . Get out of the way there , Ted ! Don 't clear their muck , neither . Keep away from my cows , if you know what 's good for you ! Hey , don 't go in my cowshed ! Hubert , have you seen Steve and Owen ? How could I ? I spent all night in the cowshed , didn 't I ? Their horses are in the field , they must be back . Well , I ain 't seen ' em . I don 't think I want to , particularly . Go on , there , get out there , you ... BILL : It 's the isolation that gets her down . She 's always been a town girl . Well , perhaps you should move . To a town ? Railway station over there somewhere . Yeah , half a mile up the road from the bridge . - Close as that ? - What , you know it ? Well , I passed through it on my way back from the Dales . They 've got a working railway in the Dales . Aye , I know . And coal to feed it . You know , it runs out of track about 20 miles from here . We 've got to link it up . What , lay 20 miles of track ? Irish navvies did it in the 19th century . All manual labour . There 's no one unemployed around here . They 're all too busy feeding themselves . Aye . Most of what they grow goes to waste . You know , you kill a sheep or a pig , there 's only two or three of you to share it . It all goes bad . There 's no preservatives . Not just meat , either . You look at what 's growing around here . You know that grain we 're taking to Edith ? Know where it came from ? Payment , you said , for medical services . That 's right . - For the brucellosis ? - No . The rabies . The man who tried to hunt you down grew that . Sanders . ( BOTH CHUCKLING ) How much ... How much wheat does he grow ? Enough to fill a very big granary , where most of it is rotting . Why didn 't you tell Tom and his mother that when they came to visit you ? Because I didn 't know about it then . Alice ... Alice isn 't the only one who 's lonely , you know . I met people up in the Dales who were living in holes . We 've got to get them together . They don 't even know each other , most of them . They don 't want to . - They go about with guns . - Aye . Distrust and suspicion , it 'll get them nowhere . You 'd never get them together , not even to talk to them . Aye , I couldn 't , but I think you could . How ? Well , let 's just think . Say you ... you let it be known that you were going to leave the area and before you went , you were going to pass on all the fruits of your medical knowledge . That 'd soon bring them . ( CHUCKLES ) You know what you remind me of ? A ruddy politician . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) Who knows , we might need them yet . They weren 't all rogues . I don 't know everyone around here , you know . Well ... You read that . Get to know a few more . - Where 'd you get this ? - A man called Fenton . - I knew him . - Aye . Well , he wrote down all the names and even the addresses of all the people he met . But all he ever did was write whimsical little observations on them for his own amusement . If I could only get some of them together , eh ? Well , you tell them you expect some payment for your knowledge . Anything they could bring . Where should I tell them to come to ? Railway station ? You could get to it by the old tracks or along the river . And you tell them to be there Friday after we get back . Why Friday ? Good a day as any for market day , isn 't it ? ( LAUGHING ) ( ENGINE WHIRRING ) BILL : Hey ! CHARLES : Hey ! Come back here ! - What was that on the roof ? - It 's methane . They run a car on it ? I know someone who could . If he had the right equipment , if it was him . AGNES : Greg ? It can 't have been . I didn 't see who was driving . But he 'd have stopped . Well , whoever it was , I 'd like to have had a talk to him . It 's just association . Car , methane , Greg . What would Greg be doing here ? Well , you said he was interested in this place when he came with you , you told me so yourself . He 'd have come to find us . He doesn 't know we 're here . So Jenny stayed with Alice , did she ? Aye , so she wouldn 't be lonely . - What did Bill say about the calves ? - Oh . With a little luck , we may save some of them . He 's dosing them now , him and Hubert . - Did you get the bull back ? - No . No Steve and Owen , either . There it is . Well , he won 't get far with that thing around his neck . As long as he 's not tethered to anything he won 't strangle himself . They must have been disturbed , or they 'd have ridden off or tethered it properly . Well , I think they went that way . The undergrowth 's trampled . Whoa . What were they trying to do , take a train ? ( CHARLES SIGHS ) Well , there 's no evidence that they came here at all , except for that track we think they followed . And something else . CHARLES : Aha ! Thank you . You know , I came through here the other day . Brod 's carriages are down that way , but there 's no track that way for 20 miles . But where did they go ? They leave the bull , their horses , their crossbows , why ? ( LAUGHS ) Perhaps they heard a car . They 'd drop everything then and go off towards the sound . - Greg ? - If it was him in the car . But the boys have been gone four days . CHARLES : Hmm . It was four days ago that Jenny and I heard it . All the flowers here are to do with his pharmacy . You know , I reckon I 'd have been a grass widow with Bill even in the old world . Gardening , fishing . Can 't you just see him ? How do you protect yourself ? I mean , you 've got the river one side , but what 's the other ? Barbed wire . We found it in an army camp . Nothing can ever get in here . You 'd like wild dogs for company ? No , just the odd neighbour to drop in once in a while . Only other person I ever see at all is an old lady , the other side . Take the children to see sometimes . Still , I can 't complain . My Harry would never have managed . Lifting his arm in the pub 's about all he ever did in his spare time . Mind you , he took me with him sometimes . Saturday nights in the pub . Never see those days again , will we ? - CHARLES : Alice ! Jenny ! - They 're back ! We kept telling ourselves you couldn 't possibly be back in six days and you made it in five . Are the cows going to be all right ? Well , some , maybe . It 's a bit early to tell . Hello , love . - What 's for supper ? - You and your stomach . Edith 's given us enough cheese to live on for a year . Well , at least he 's treated them . There 's nothing more he can do . Well , we must move on , then . Steve and Owen have gone . Ah , well , that 's not going to stop us . I 'll take one of those . ( CHARLES GRUNTING ) Jenny , there 's some other news as well . Past you ? Greg ? - And you let him drive away ? - Now , it may not have been him . - But if it was , he 'll be back . - Why ? Why do you say that ? Because that 's the second time that car 's been there . Oh , to think I was there myself the first time . So close . Look , if he 's as interested in that railway as I think he is , I know where he might be now . He 'll be up at that coal seam in Dovedale . They talked about him there . They said he was interested in getting a national system going . Well , now , listen . We 're a lot nearer here than we were at Edith 's farm . So no time 's been wasted . We 'll go there tomorrow . - You can 't . - JENNY : We must . It means going upriver till you reach Sanders ' farm , across his land , past Fenton 's place , right through the rabies country . But you said it was under control now . As long as Charles isn 't seen there again . I mean , you know he hasn 't got it . Well , I wouldn 't bank on them assuming that . They 'll shoot on sight . ( SIGHS ) If Greg is at that coal seam ... I 'll take you , Jenny . It 'll give me a chance to tell everyone I can about your cunning scheme to get them to the station . Station ? What station ? I 'll take the kids as well , Alice . Leave them with Mrs Judd for a few days . Then you can go downriver with Charles and we 'll all meet again on market day . Market ? ALICE : Do you think they 'll come ? Oh , if Bill has convinced them that you really intend to leave , oh , yes , they 'll come . It 's a mighty long way from some of those small holdings . Well , it doesn 't matter if only four or five of them turn up , as long as we make a start , establish a bridgehead . As long as they promise to come once a week . Just to barter ? No , no , no . Market day was always more than that . It 's where you came to catch up on the gossip , have a few beers , where you met your friends . That 's what all this is about , isn 't it ? Making friends . Charles , look up there . Morning ! My name 's Charles Vaughan . Be careful of him , Charles . - Are you going to the station ? - Where 's your gun ? I haven 't got one . ( CHARLES SIGHS ) Well , at least we 've got one customer . CHARLES : More than one . ( HENS CLUCKING ) - Where are we supposed to put all this ? - Well , down there . Good morning . EDITH : Here 's Charles and Alice . - It 's nice to see you . - It 's nice to see you . Hey , you . You without a gun . Where have you come from ? I 'm staying with Mrs Walter about five miles down the river . You came from upstream . Mrs Walter has a farm , a dairy herd , sheep too , and a mill in good working order . I hope Bill gets here soon . If that man 's from the Dales , he might recognise me . Well , at least they 're coming . ( HUMMING ) EDITH : Morning . ( CONTINUES HUMMING ) ( CHUCKLES ) ( SIGHS ) Where 's Agnes ? Well , she 's got it . - She 's got what ? - EDITH : She 's all right . She 's just not feeling up to it . So , I thought I 'd come instead . ( HENS CLUCKING ) Good morning . - Waiting for Bill Sheridan ? - Maybe . Going away , he said . - Where ? - Ask him that , hadn 't you ? ( MUMBLES PLAYFULLY ) I was going to have the old sow put down last week but Bill gave her something and she was right as rain after that . My little girl nearly poisoned herself on some berries . She would have done if Bill hadn 't known what to do . Where do you live ? Why do you want to know that ? Just friendly . Caravan , haven 't you ? Best keep where you live to yourself these days . What are you afraid of ? You 've got a gun . - Who hasn 't ? - He hasn 't . And there 's a fellow going about with rabies , I 'm told . WOMAN : Rabies ? Aye , they were looking for him up in Dovedale but he got away . - You from Dovedale ? - No , are you ? How do you know about rabies , then ? A man called Sanders told me . He and his friends have a lot of grain . They came south looking for a mill they 'd heard about . Edith Walters , here ! Well , you must tell them about it . He could send his grain down by boat and I could mill it . We could store the flour here on the station , enough for the whole region . You mean , we might make our own flour ? What do you do at the moment ? Do you grow it yourself or do you pick it wild ? - I do . - Yes , so do we , at present . Sanders could save everyone the trouble . Why would he want to ? For what you could give him in return . Such as ? All Sanders wants are plough shears . And who can make those ? - My sons could . - From what ? Where will you get the iron to work from ? The place is full of scrap iron . What we need is grain , if we can get the trains running . - ( SCOFFS ) Listen to him . - Well , they 've got one up in Dovedale . So you have been up there ? If Charles had rabies , he 'd have been dead by now . - Bill will tell you . - Bill 's not here and I 'm beginning to wonder if he 's coming . Ah , maybe something 's happened to him . - No . - You can 't know . He said he 'd give us his medicines or at least show us how to make them . He said we could do it ourselves if we learnt about it . I was going to give him this honey . It 's all I 've got that he might not have himself . I 've left the child locked up in the caravan and if he 's not going to come after all ... - You make honey ? - I came across the hives . Me father was a beekeeper , so I 've got plenty of honey , - if nothing else . - But honey 's as good as sugar . You can sweeten anything with honey . How much have you got ? You 'd be prepared to offer a piglet in exchange ? That was for Bill , but if he ain 't going to turn up ... Who else keeps pigs ? Do you keep pigs ? Good for the ground , if nothing else . Not bad for eating , either . They take a lot of getting through when there 's only two of you . Aye , if we 'd had more salt we could turn it into bacon . But we 'll never get enough of that around here . Why not ? We used to get it in bulk from brine pits up near Chester . In the meantime , if we all took it in turns to bring a pig to market once a week ... - Market ! - ... slaughter it here on the platform , divide it up amongst those who want some . And if I supply the cheese . We 've all got cheese , Mrs Walter . I 've only got a goat and the cheese I get from that . Oh , I 'm very partial to a bit of goat cheese . Here , how 's that ? Well , Edith . We may have to concentrate on the sheep . We might have to , anyway , but let our friend with the gun here look after the cattle . I 'm not keeping cows for the whole neighbourhood . No , not even for fresh pork when you want it ? Or flour or wool or honey ? What 's going on around here ? Some kind of trick 's been played on us , I reckon and you 're the one behind it . ( CAR HORN HONKING ) ALICE : It 's Bill and Jenny ! A trick has been played , of sorts . You 're the man Sanders told us to look out for , the one with rabies . I reckoned that as soon as I set eyes on you . Take care , Charles . What trick ? Look , it was the only thing I could think of that would get you all here . I must say , I would have preferred it if there had been more of you . But to be tricked ? Look , you 'll be pleased to know that Bill isn 't going to leave you after all . WOMAN : Do you mean we 've come all this way for nothing ? Just so you could tell us how to run our lives , eh ? If you don 't start trading with each other , you won 't meet . And if you don 't meet , you won 't have any kind of society at all . Society ? Have you none of you ever thought of having a school for your children ? You could have that once a week on market day , here in the station . You can use the station waiting room . But where would we get books ? Aye , and pen and ink ? Papers to write on ? Reading and writing isn 't your first priority , although when we come to it , Edith here used to be a teacher . We all of us have invaluable skills to pass on . - What did you do before the plague ? - A bricklayer . But who 'll need bricks again ? Build houses where we can be safe and together , then you will need bricks . How do we get mortar ? But they 've got lime at Winterton to make cement , and a brickyard . And a man who hopes you can supply him with enough wood pulp from here to make paper . - Did you find Greg ? - And there 's coal at Dovedale ... We 've timber enough to burn here . ... to drive a train that will bring you lime ... ( TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING ) ... and methane gas , and salt , and anything else you want , as long as you 've plenty to send back . The railway at Dovedale runs out of track this end but at the other it joins up with the main line . It does that way too , where both carriages are . It 's a long roundtrip , of course , and all the points had to be set back before they left . It took Greg weeks to check it out . Is that what he was doing ? He got back to Dovedale the day after you left , with two girls he found at Winterton . It was the girls , not Greg in that car . Greg sent them to check out this end but the car broke down . Steve and Owen rode up and helped them fix it and then they drove back again . EDITH : Steve ! Steve , Owen , what happened ? Don 't ask me , Mother , ask the driver . There . Tom ! Tom ! Hello , Mother . - But where 's Greg ? - Ask Tom . Greg left him in charge before we got there . Oh , Jenny . So he 'll be on his way back , then ? No , he 's not . Some children were ill . He 's gone up north somewhere looking for a doctor . Why don 't we give up the cottage and come and live down here , Bill ? The children would love it . All this coming and going . Live in a railway yard ? Be just like the Portobello Road one day , I wouldn 't wonder . Neither would I. Well , we 're on our way . Nothing much to keep us here now . No , you 're right . Jenny . Which way , guvnor ? North , I think . Well , if this is going to be the start of an important market town , we 'd better catch Greg before he sets off to the capital . Come on .
