 ( HELICOPTER HOVERING ) Here ! No ! ( DOOR OPENS ) GREG : Jeannie ? Jeannie ! I was wrong , Jeannie . I thought you were the kind that survived just to spite me . ( ENGINE STARTING ) ( GASPS ) Oh ! ( COUGHING ) You have to help me , please ! ( SOBBING ) I can 't do anything by myself . The tractor went over , he 's pinned underneath and I can 't get him free . Come with me , please . Please ! - Where is he ? - At the quarry . I tried to pull him free but I couldn 't move him . It 's on top of his legs . He 's in terrible pain . You 'd better get in . What happened exactly ? We 'd unhitched the trailer and he was turning the tractor . Went over on its side . - He 's unconscious . - That 's probably just as well . It 's lifting clear . Yeah , but I need another couple of inches . Put your arms underneath his shoulders and just try and gently ease him out . Just pull him gently . Here we are . ( PANTING ) ANNE : Can we get him to the hut ? Well , we 'll just have to . Just grab hold of his feet . As gentle as you can . All right . Have you got some sort of drug amongst this lot ? Some kind of painkiller ? Have you got some brandy , then ? Whisky ? In the trailer . We got some on the last trip . Yeah , would you get it ? 'Cause he 'll need something . He 's gonna be in a lot of pain . And scissors ? You got any scissors ? ( BOTTLE BREAKS ) Is it very bad ? Yeah , well , legs are broken , bones smashed . God knows what we 'll do about it . Splints or something . Well , you bind on splints , don 't you ? I don 't know anything about first aid . Well , he 's needs a damn sight more than first aid . I mean , his bones have got to be reset . Properly . And I don 't know how to do it . Do you ? Well , whatever we 're gonna do , we better do it while he 's still unconscious . Because when he wakes up , he 's gonna be in agony . I could do with some of this myself . - There are some cups somewhere . - Oh , it doesn 't matter . Your family dead ? My father . Roger , my brother . I had two days when I felt awful . Daddy had sent the servants away , so there was nobody . Then I felt a bit better and got downstairs . Can you open this ? It 's a bit tight . Do you know , I 'd never seen a dead person before . ( COUGHS ) ( GIGGLES ) It 's warm . Champagne 's disgusting when it 's warm . How about you ? My wife died . I 'm sorry . - Were you with her ? - No , I was in Holland . Well , I 'm an engineer . I was working on land reclamation . - Was it bad there ? - Well , it was slow at first . Just a few people sick , we all thought it was some kind of influenza bug , but then people started dying , and all in a rush , I mean , hundreds of them . Nothing happened to me . I was all right . Same for him . He wasn 't touched by it . He told me everybody he knew had died , and he wasn 't even touched by it . - How did you get back ? - Company helicopter . Rotterdam was burning , just miles and miles of fire . Oil tanks going off like bombs . Oh , I 'd never seen anything like it in my life . And I came down the coast as far as Calais and ... All the way down I saw nothing , no people , no traffic . When I stopped at Ostend to get some fuel , that was the only place that I saw anybody . Just a man and two children . I tried to talk to them but they just kept moving away , wouldn 't let me near them . Well , I suppose they thought I was carrying the disease . Then I waited for a day and a night for the weather to calm down . Then I came across the Channel . Where were you going when I stopped you ? Nowhere . Just driving . ( GROANING ) Now , well , if we 're gonna do something about putting splints on him , I suppose we 'd better make a start . ( ENGINE STARTING ) ( HORN HONKING ) ( HONKING CONTINUES ) ( INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING ) What do you want ? Keep away from this car , it 's mine . You 're the first person I 've seen . The first one for days ! Yeah . Well , I 've seen people . They haven 't seen me , though . I 'm keeping away from them . I don 't want their germs , see . And that goes for you . Clear off . Just clear off ! I 've seen you before . You were on the hill . You had a sort of shelter . - I talked to you ! - Oh , I remember . Yeah . Well , it 's like I told you then . Stay away from people , you 'll be all right . Just keep away from everybody until the doctors clear it up . For pity 's sake ! Don 't you understand ? There aren 't any doctors . They died along with everybody else . There isn 't anybody left to get it cleared up ! That 's only here ! The Yanks have something , don 't worry . In the war , they gave us the stuff then . The Yanks 'll fix us up . Don 't worry . Take me with you . ( CAR STARTING ) I don 't want to be by myself any more . Please ! Please ! ( GROANING ) ( SCREAMING ) That 's about as much as I can do . God knows if it 's gonna do you any good . It hurts like hell ! Yeah , I know it does . I 'm sorry . I just don 't see what else I can do . You need proper attention . ( PANTING ) You want one of these ? Is he going to get better ? I don 't know . Unless the bones are set properly , he 'll be crippled for life . He might be able to get around on crutches or something . I just don 't know . It 's going to be like this from now on , isn 't it ? - Like what ? - Accidents ! Even little things . A bad cut , burns . Almost anything , they 'll be really serious . God help us if we get something as simple as toothache . - How long do you think ? - Mmm ? I mean , how long before things start to get back to normal . Normal ? Never . Not in our or several other lifetimes . That 's what he thinks , too . It 's gonna be very tough . I suppose it could be . For some . What do you mean ? There 's an abundance of everything . Living may not be gracious , but it can be comfortable . One way or another , I 'm gonna make damn sure I get my full share of everything that 's going . ABBY : Anybody there ? Hello ? Who 's there ? ARTHUR : Stay where you are . - What do you want ? - I saw the lights . - You 're on your own ? - Yes . I saw the lights and I thought there might be somebody up here . - I just came to see . - You 're not sick ? - Not got the sickness ? - No . I was . I did have the disease but I 'm all right . ARTHUR : No . Stand where you are . Now , what do you want ? Look , I told you . I saw the lights . God knows , there are few enough of us left . I haven 't seen or spoken to anyone for the best part of a week . - Look , if you want me to go , I 'll go . - Sure you 're on your own ? Oh , for God 's sake ! Just let me get in my car and I 'll go . All right , Dave . Switch the lights on . I 'm sorry about that . Can 't be too careful . Had a little trouble earlier . Well , will you come in ? I don 't want my battery to go flat . Will you turn off the lights ? It 's all right , Dave . Nobody with her . Oh , uh , this is Dave . Dave Long . - Hello . - Hi . - Arthur Wormley . - Abby Grant . Well , I 'll take your coat . Well , come on through . We 're in the kitchen . We were just preparing something to eat when we heard your car . Come on through . ( POT BUBBLING ) - Well , this is nice . Everything working ? - Oh , yes . Stoves works off cylinder gas . Generator for the electricity . There 's even water , pumped up out of the well . You 're very lucky . Yes , yes . There can 't be many places that are totally independent of outside services . Oh , uh , would you like a drink ? We 've got almost everything . I 'd love one . Vodka ? Yeah . Dave . Anything with it ? Bitter lemon , tonic ? Tonic , please . Ice ? ( CHUCKLING ) Yes , please . It all seems so normal . Well , that 's it , isn 't it ? That 's it . That 's all we got to get back to , quick as we can . Back to normal . Oh , you 'll stay and have something to eat ? We 're not the greatest cooks in the world but you 're welcome to anything we 've got . Thank you . I 'll just have a look at the stove . - Thank you . - It won 't be too long . Thanks , Dave . Now ... Cheers . Cheers . I 'm sorry . It 's just that I have seen you before . I 'm sure we 've never met but I 've seen you before . Well , it 's likely . My picture 's been in the papers enough times . Arthur Wormley , of course . The union man . Chairman , wasn 't it ? Well , national president . I was . There 's nothing to be president of . Well , not at the moment , anyway . You must have been in close contact with government circles . I mean , you must have been quite well informed when all this started . Oh , just at the beginning . Of course , they 'd called an emergency meeting . But everything happened so fast . They issued some orders to the army , put up roadblocks , stopped people leaving the cities , but it 's damn silly , really . Finally they had to declare martial law , which meant that under certain circumstances the authorities could open fire to protect property or life . That 's awful . Well , did it happen ? Was there shooting ? Oh , I think so , during the first panic weeks . After that , there weren 't enough fit people to carry out the orders . ( CHUCKLES ) Well , come to that , there weren 't enough people moving about to cause trouble . So , there 's no authority now . Nothing ? Well , not as such . Not yet . But there will be . There 's armed people moving around all over the country . Aimless . Lost . They 'll make contact with each other . Start forming into groups . Somebody 's got to unite those groups . Bring them under central control . They 'll want leadership , guidance . They 'll want somebody in authority . Now , under the circumstances , it 's up to somebody to assume that responsibility . It 's up to somebody to take the power to lead . I 'm not a church-going man . Never one for religion . I think God might have spared me to help those of us that are left . That 's my skill . That 's my talent . Organisation . I think it 's about ready . Oh , good , good . I 'm starving . Well , bring it out then , Dave . That looks marvellous . Out of the deep freeze . There must be enough for 10 there . Would you like to wash up in the cloak room while we get this out ? - Oh , yes please . - Okay . I 'll show you where it is . - Second door on the left . - Thank you . Carve as much as we need , Dave , and take the rest out to them . We 'll have to get some more beds tomorrow . There are plenty in the warehouse where we got that one . We 'll just have to make do for tonight . There are plenty of blankets and pillows . I 'll make out a list in the morning . Books . I 'd like to get a lot of books . It 's going to be a long , dull winter with just the three of us . Yeah , well . Look , Anne ... You two have got things pretty well set up here . - Yes , it 's not bad . - But it 's just ... Vic chose it . He said it was isolated and easy to defend . He was going to bring some more of these portable huts down here on the trailer , so we 'd have some storage space . ( GROANING ) Do you think you could get the tractor back on its wheels ? - Yeah , I expect so . - Good . Vic said we should go out every day and get things . Right through the winter if needs be . He said we should collect everything we could lay hands on . - Yeah , that 's a good idea . - Yes . Then later on , we might be able to find some people who 'd be willing to work for us . They could grow vegetables and things like that . And we could pay them with food , goods , clothing . Things like that . - Was that Vic 's idea , too ? - No , I thought of that . I don 't think we 're going to be too badly off . You see , from now on money isn 't going to mean anything . The rich will be the ones who 've got things I 'm sure there 'll be plenty of people who 'd be glad to work for a good meal or a warm coat or something . Oh , yeah . They 'll be queuing up . Yes . In those terms , I 'm sure we 'll be quite well-to-do . I going to have to get some sleep . There 's some blankets over there somewhere . Yes , I went to the school . But the master had taken some of the boys away . Peter was one of them . I don 't know where they went . Well , I hope you find him . We 'll need all the youngsters . I might be able to help you later . Oh , there must be a lot of people that had got separated . As we contact the survivors , I hope to make a list of their names . Where they 're going , what they 're doing . I want to make this a sort of a clearing centre for information . It 's a marvellous idea . It 's something that 'll be badly needed . Well , we have to do what we can . Now , what about you ? What about your plans ? Well , finding Peter is the most important thing , of course . But at the same time , I 'm looking for a place . Somewhere to start a home . A farm . A settlement , really . You see , I think , we 're going to have to start again . Right from the beginning . We 're going to have to relearn all the old crafts . Oh , I don 't just mean growing food , and God knows , that 's going to be hard enough . But all the other things that we 've forgotten . Aren 't you going to use anything that 's left over ? Well , of course I will . I 'll have to . But the aim is to become more and more self-reliant . To depend less on what 's been left behind . You 're not making it easy for yourself , are you ? I mean , I agree with you about growing food , but the hardware of civilisation will last for a long time yet . Of course it will . But not forever . Don 't you see the point we 'd reached in our civilisation ? Now , look around you . Anywhere you like . In this house , in this room . I doubt if it contains a single artefact that was the exclusive creation of one person . Well , this table . This simple wooden table . Well , I 'm no carpenter , but I reckon I could knock up something like this . Right from scratch ? You 'd fell the timber ? With what ? An axe or a saw . The steel for the saw has been made in a foundry , the iron ore has been dug from the ground , and the fuel to smelt it with has been mined . Now , what happens when the last axe head cracks and the last saw breaks ? This simple metal knife is the product of hundreds of people in dozens of different trades . And take anything else you like , anywhere you like , and the same will be true of it . How do you make a cup ? A piece of paper ? Glass ? Our civilisation had the technology to land a man on the moon . But as individuals we don 't even have the skill to make an iron spearhead . We are less practical than Iron Age man . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm sorry . It 's just that I 've thought about it a lot . And with nobody to talk to , I haven 't been able to say it out loud . No , I 'm glad you did . You 've thought about more deeply than I have so far . And I 'm sure that you 're right . You won 't be able to start this settlement on your own . No . But I 'm hoping there 'll be other people who 'll think the same way . Oh , there will . It 's a first-class idea . And when you start at this commune of yours ... - Well , that 's where I can help . - In what way ? By making sure that you can get on with it without being interfered with by outsiders . By bringing some law and order . We 've got to back to the rudiments of government . Yours won 't be the only settlement . I should have thought it would have been a long time before we needed any sort of national administration . Oh , believe me , it can 't be too soon . We 've already started in a little way . Locating food dumps . Making sure that everything is shared out . So one man doesn 't corner the market . If the distribution is handled from here , nobody will go without . I 'll make sure of that . Oh , the beginnings will be small . Perhaps just this area . But as we grow stronger , we 'll spread out , expand . That 's how the old feudal barons operated , wasn 't it ? Perhaps . But it 's the way that ultimately led to the finest democratic system in the world . I suppose . It 's just that I hadn 't seen a political system as being one of our priorities . Well , that 's where you 're wrong . There 's little groups forming already , trying to take over . I told you earlier we 'd had a spot of trouble . Started the day we took this place over . It 's not your house ? No . We needed a headquarters . That evening , a rat pack of toughs came marching up , led by an ex-army chap . Called himself a colonel . Said they were a vigilante force of citizens . I offered them to join up . It couldn 't have been fairer . Do you know what these army chaps are ? They won 't let go one scrap of authority they 've managed to grab . He started raiding . The last attack came just before you ... You arrived . I gave them a taste of their own medicine . They won 't be back in a hurry . Anyway , that 's all over now . Would you like a brandy ? No . No , thank you . Well , uh , you 're going to go on tonight or would you like a bed here ? There 's plenty of room . You must be tired with all that time on the road . There is one thing I 'd appreciate . I noticed you had hot water . A bath would be the greatest luxury that I can think of . All the hot water you want . All the hot water in the world . I 'll show you where it is . ( COUGHING ) ( GASPS ) ( GUNS FIRING ) ( MEN YELLING ) Get them all ? There 's three round the back , another one down by the road . - Well , where 's Phil ? - Oh , he 's had it . ABBY : Mr Wormley , I ... Go back , Mrs Grant . We have assumed authority to maintain law and order in this area . By what right ? The government announcement of a state of emergency and the introduction of martial law provides all the powers necessary to protect life and property . Those powers are vested only in the recognised authorities - of the services and the police . - You are guilty . You are guilty of leading an armed attack against peaceful citizens . Peaceful citizens ... You have caused the death of a man carrying out his duty in defending this area . Now , you men . Listen to me . Having taken responsibility for this area , it is my duty , to administer such laws as are for the general welfare . This man has committed murder . We are completely within our legal right to pass judgement on him . Not only our right , but our duty . Now , is that clearly understood ? ( MEN ASSENTING ) By the authority vested , in a declared state of martial law , the penalty for murder is death . You will be executed . The sentence will be carried out immediately . All right . Take him away . ( SOBBING ) This isn 't right . This isn 't right ! No ! No , you have no right to do that ! You can 't do that ! They 're an armed gang trying to attack this house . His execution is perfectly legal . But you 're murdering him ! Mrs Grant , we will never get back to any law and order while men like him are allowed to grab power . ( GUN FIRING ) Good luck with your settlement , Mrs Grant . I warn you , without people like us to lead and protect you , you 'll never get anywhere . ( CAR ENGINE TRYING TO START ) - Where are you going ? - I don 't know . I 'm not sure . You 're coming back though ? You will come back ? No . But you can 't go . You can 't just go . What about me ? I 'm sorry . You 'll just have to look out for yourself . I can 't ! I can 't manage on my own . Look , if I can find dome drugs , some medicines , something that 'll help him , then I 'll come back . But I 'm not promising anything and even if I do , I 'm not staying . You 've no right to leave me ! Get out of that car . Get out ! Anne . Get me something to drink . Shut up . Shut up ! Shut up ! ( COUGHING ) ( GLASS SHATTERING ) Where are you going ? You can 't leave me on my own . Stay here . Anne ! Please ! Don 't go ! I don 't have any definite plans at the moment . Just drive around for a while , I suppose . See what 's happening . How about you ? I just want to be with people . I thought I could manage . I 've always been an independent sort of person . But the last week ... The loneliness was more than I could bear . It was awful . Yes . Well , I expect people to be starting to form up in small groups by now . We 'll find somebody for you . Will you stay , if we do ? Oh , I don 't know . I 'll take these pills and drugs and things down to the quarry . After that , I think I 'll just take it as it comes . I 've got the things you need . They 're in the boot . I 'll get them for you . He 's dead . You 'd better get in the car . ( CAR DRIVING AWAY ) Help me ! Anne ! Help me ! There 's sure to be a petrol station somewhere nearby . Ah , it 's probably better to pick up another car with a full tank . Anyway , there 's no point in staying here . Just grab your things . It 'll be dark soon . There 's no point in staying around . May as well find a place to spend the night . Come on . ( COUGHING ) Greg . Greg , look ! Let 's find where it 's coming from . There must be people there . It 's hard to tell how far away it is . I 'm going there . - What , now ? - Yes . It 's a signal , they must want people to see . All right . Anne . Anne , come on , wake up . We 're moving out . Leave me alone . Come on , Anne . Please ! I 'm cold ! Leave me alone . Look , Anne , it 's up to you . But we 're going . And if there 's anybody there , we 'll come back and pick you up tomorrow . ( FIRE CRACKLING ) I saw the fire . I hoped somebody would . You 're the first . Will there be others ?
