 ( EXHALING ) Somebody should have turned them loose . Hello ? Get out ! Get out , you . Get out , damn you ! Go ! Go on ! ( CHICKENS CLUCKING FRENZIEDLY ) Go on ! Go on , damn you ! Filthy lot ! Come on ! All this pathetic ... Go on , out ! Shoo ! Shoo ! Ugh ! ( CHICKEN CLUCKING ) Here , get out ! Get out ! Somebody 's been here before you , boy . Damn ! ( COUGHING ) Lovely . ( EXHALING ) Hey ! Hey ! Hey , you there ! Come back ! Come back , damn you ! That 's mine ! Come back ! Come here , I tell you ! Come back , damn you ! That 's mine ! That 's my chicken ! Gotcha , you little ... Stay where you are . Don 't come any closer . He ... He stole my chicken . The boy needs food . Well , I need food , too . Look ... Look , it 's been two days since we 've had anything proper to eat . The boy needs something . You 've got a gun . The woods are alive with rabbits and game . There must be plenty more chickens on the farm . - I 'm having that one . - No ! - Hand it over . - No , I told you , stay back . You don 't have to worry about the disease , I 'm not carrying it . How do you know we 're not ? Yeah ... Uh ... Eh ? You ... You mean , you 've got the Sickness ? I 've been ill for a few days , but not like the plague . Something else . We sheltered at an empty house for about a week . I think the water might have been contaminated . I 'm not sure . But it might be typhoid . Oh , for God 's sake , just leave us be . Mmm , this is the first hot food I 've had since ... Since ... Oh , I don 't know , a long time . What are we going to do about Anne ? - Well , she wasn 't in the barn . - Well , did you look around for her ? Well , what 's the point ? I 'm not responsible for her . Oh , she 'll be all right . She 's the sort . Who was she ? Oh , just a woman I met . Man who was looking after her died . She had me marked down to take over from him . Was it awful ? London . JENNY : Mmm . Well , must have been bad in all cities . Be a long time before we can go into any of them in any sort of safety , all those unburied dead and God knows what sort of disease building up . Yes , but they say much of what we 'll need is stored up in them . Yeah , well , I suppose when people get desperate enough , they 'll start taking risks . Have you seen many people ? - No . - How about you ? Well , I made contact with one group who were trying to organise . There are eight or nine there . Why didn 't you stay with them ? I didn 't like what they were planning . Anyway , I have to find my son . That 's really why I came here . I needed a centre of operations . Up until now , I 've just been driving around aimlessly , hoping . And then I thought , well , if I had a base , then maybe I could attract other people and they might have seen a boy , have news . That 's why I built the fire . When you find your son ... What 's his name ? Peter . When you find him , what are your plans then ? Well , find a place to live . Join up with other people . We 'll have to grow food and things , learn to look after ourselves . I know we can 't go on living on what 's left , even if it was all available . It may take a long time to get through , but it is a diminishing supply . Yeah , but don 't you think that that 's a hell of a long way off ? Yes . But if our children and their children are going to survive , they 're going to have to learn an awful lot of things . - Where are you two heading ? - We 're not together . It was really just until we found some more people . That 's been the worst thing for me , really , just being on my own . I 'd be glad of the company , if you 'd like to stay . Oh , I would . Yes , I would , I really would . Good . Yes , well , I thought I 'd do some scavenging today , try and find some more food . And I also want to find some maps . I can 't go on searching haphazardly for Peter . I 've got to make a definite search pattern . What about you ? Yeah , well , I 'd like to ride around with you for a while , just until I can pick up a car . Yes , of course . ( SHOT FIRING ) Stand still , blast you ! ( CAR STARTING ) Ooh ! Okay . - All right ? - Mmm-hmm . It 's coming through . - Well , how 's it going ? - Slowly . - Anything over there suit you ? - Not at those prices . I want something more rugged than that . I prefer a Jeep or a Land Rover . That 's what you ought to get , too . Yes , I suppose it will be handy . - Let me do some . - No , it 's all right . If it 's always going to be this hard , there 's not going to be a lot of pleasure motoring now , is there ? Ah ! ( BURPING ) ( SIGHING ) Like Goldilocks and the Three Bears . GREG : Well , we 're not the first . ( GASPING ) Oh ! Go on ! Shoo ! Shoo ! Out ! Out ! No , you 'll just have to ignore them . ( COUGHING ) Oh , I hate rats . Yeah , I 'm not mad about them myself . Stick to cans , and if things are wrapped , make sure the paper isn 't broken . Rats are disease carriers . Well , I think we should just load up and get out of here . And basic items only . We haven 't got room for luxury goods . Oh , and take some of that dried milk , will you ? Right . ( GASPING ) No , we 'll get what we came for . Look , we can get what we want somewhere else . - Everything we want is here . - You just can 't ignore that . And that 's a pretty calculated way to warn people off . You 'd just be damn stupid to ignore it . It 'll only take me 10 minutes to get what we need . We 've as much right to those things as anybody else . It 's not a question of rights . Look , somebody 's obviously laid claim to this place and they 're prepared to kill to protect it . And I 'm telling you , I 'm not going to get involved in any hassle about it . I 'll be as quick as I can . You all right ? Mmm . It just made me feel a bit sick , that 's all . Yeah , well , we ought to get out of here . - Well , what about Abby ? - She 's still picking things up . She won 't leave till she has what she wants . - Well , I 'd better go and help her . - Look , help her ? Look , just get her out of there , will you ? Just try and make her see sense . But the sooner we get what she wants , the sooner we 'll get away . Come on ! Come on ! You don 't have to take all day ! We 're coming . About time . There are a few half-hundredweight sacks of flour in there . Can you give me a hand with some ? Couldn 't you make do with what you 've got ? Oh , I 'll get them myself . ( CAR APPROACHING ) Abby ? Greg ? Mrs Grant , isn 't it ? Yes . Yeah . You know , Mr Wormley was a bit put out when you went off the other day . He thought you were the right sort . You could have been on his executive . I told you . I had to look for my son . Oh , yeah , that 's right . Well , you 're not going to find him here , are you ? We needed supplies . We couldn 't risk going into a village or a town . So you just come here and help yourselves , is that it ? You just walk in , take what you want and off you go . Yeah , well , there 's nobody sitting at the checkout counter . Don 't get cocky with me , mate . Anyway , you 're in enough trouble as it is . Trouble ? What sort of trouble ? Well , looting . That 's what we 're talking about . Looting ? Well , that 's right . That 's what it amounts to , isn 't it ? Well , that 's stupid . Under the present conditions , that word doesn 't have any meaning at all . If we could pay someone for the stuff , we would . It 's not a question of paying for it , it 's a question of conserving , sharing it out properly . I mean , for all I know , you could keep coming back , day after day , loading up and hauling the stuff away somewhere till the whole place is empty . Then it 's a question of , " I 'm all right , Jack , " while other people are starving . Look , all we 've got is just enough to last for a few weeks , and that 's all . It 's still got to be rationed , doled out fair . If you want food , medicines , petrol , provisions of any sort , then you come to Headquarters and you get a chit . Well , that goes for everybody . You sign a register , you get a chit . Look , and just what the hell has it got to do with you ? I 'll tell you what it 's got to do with me , mate . We 're representatives of the Emergency Administration . We 've assumed responsibility for this area . Well , somebody 's got to organise . Somebody 's got to take charge of law and order . And is that your sort of law and order ? ( SCOFFING ) We didn 't hang him . We found his body down the road . But hanging him there makes a better warning than chalking " Keep Out " across the door . That 's disgusting ! And what happens if we don 't recognise your authority ? You don 't have any choice , mate . We 're the government in this area , whether you like it or not . It 's up to you . You can come back with us to Headquarters and register as being residents in this area , and in which case , you 'll be given ration books , which will entitle you to collect food from here . Yeah , but otherwise , what ? This will act as your first warning . If you 're caught looting in this area again , we 'll take steps . There was a state of martial law declared . We 're the authorities now , and we 're in our rights . Looters can be shot on sight . They killed a man the other night . He was executed . It was legal . And you 'd kill us , just for taking food ? I said we 'd take steps . Well , make up your minds . Either you come with us and get chits for that food , or you can get out of this district . I 'm not going back to Wormley 's . None of us are . ( CHUCKLING ) You 'll come round to it sooner or later , when you get hungry enough . And I shan 't leave the district . At least , I shan 't be forced to . Now , listen , missus , you 'll damn well do as ... No , no , leave it , Reg , leave it . Now , get that stuff out of your car . - We 're taking it with us . - You 're not , you know . It 's like Mr Wormley said . If you 're going to live in a community , you 've got to learn to be part of it . Reg , get our food out of the car . Right . No ! No ! - Hey ! - You can 't ! No ! No ! Hang about . Watch him , Milner . Stop it ! Leave me alone ! No ! I 'm warning you , missus , I 'll get nasty next time . Ahhh ! No ! We 've as much right to those things as you have ! Ah , ah , ah . Get down there ! Go on ! Now empty it . Come on ! Now throw it . You 're only being silly now . Come on . Come on , now , give me the gun . You can have the stuff you picked out . We 'll forget about it this time . Next time , you 'll have to get permission . She won 't shoot . Go on , Dave , take it from her . Come on , now . Give it to me . We don 't want trouble any more than you do . All right , then , shoot if you 're going to . Right , over there , all of you ! Move ! You 're in real trouble now , mate . You just do as you 're told and shut up . Now , Jenny , load up the car . And , Abby , you move their Land Rover . We 're going to be looking for you ! I promise you that ! We 're going to be looking for you ! I 'll have him for that . I 'll fix the wheel . Well , they won 't be moving for a bit . GREG : It won 't take them long to change the wheel . Yes , but I 've got the ignition keys . Do you think they really do have any authority ? Yes . That 's what 's really been bothering me . Perhaps we were in the wrong . Oh , come on . They 're no better than a criminal gang . They just grabbed the chance to take over everything . Yes , but if they do have some sort of organisation , I mean , we may not like what they 're doing or what they are , but at least they 've got some sort of order , and God knows we need it . Are you saying we should join up with them ? No . Well ... I don 't know . All I do know is that if people form into small groups with definite ideas of their own and they meet other groups who disagree , then we have the makings of a war on our hands . But not between reasonable people . Like you said , there 's few of us left and plenty to go round . Just give it time and then all these communities will come together because they actually want to . I hope you 're right . That 's what I want . Now that that lot are looking for us , what are we going to do ? Well , we backed them off once . Yes , we were damn lucky to do so . Look , I don 't like them and I don 't like what they 're doing . But they 're just feelings . It 's not a cause . My only cause is to stay alive and find my son . Look , you said , you told us about trying to sort of live together , form some new sort of community and learning things again , working together . Well , that makes a damn sight more sense to me than living under some paramilitary group who are just out for power . And I 'll give you a shade of odds that a lot of other people are going to see it in your way . Oh , I don 't give a damn about other people . I want to find Peter . Was it me ? No , just leave her for a minute . Well , if it was something I said , I 'll go and apologise . No , just leave her . ( SOBBING ) Here . Sorry . It just sort of all caught up on me . And back there , well , I was terrified . We all were . You see , until then , I thought however dreadful it was , I had at least come to terms with the situation . I was alive . I thought I knew what needed to be done . I tried to be absolutely realistic . But in a way , however hard it was going to be , it seemed quite straightforward . You mean , forming a settlement ? Yes . It seemed obvious . I just couldn 't believe that other people would have another solution . I think your way is right . I thought that those of us who were left would come together . I mean , really come together . There wouldn 't be national interests , nor political , just a total unity and a sense of purpose in that one thing that we have in common , that we are survivors . It should have been enough . It will be , for some of us . Oh , no , not for all , not by a long chalk . I mean , those men , what makes their way so wrong ? Perhaps we do need a powerful , even brutal , force to lead us , unite us . Anyway , what I thought was so simple and straightforward isn 't . I 'm confused , uncertain . You 're not , really . You know your way is still right . For myself , and I think probably for a lot of other people , we need your lead . But I couldn 't be a leader . I can 't be responsible for other people 's lives . I couldn 't do it . Then who else ? Hey ! It 's not going to take them forever to fix that Land Rover . He 's probably right . Do you want me to drive ? No , I think I know the roads round here better than you . You 're the boss . Try it now . ( ENGINE STARTING ) ( DOOR OPENING ) I ... I haven 't taken anything . Only some food . I was starving , see , but nothing else . Yes , we 're having something to eat ourselves quite soon . - You 're welcome to stay . - Eh ? Well , now , I don 't know , but I tell you , I got things to do , see . Well , please yourself . I 've seen you before . - Have ye ? Oh , yes , yes ! - Twice . Yeah , but I was being a bit cautious , you see , miss . You were driving a Rolls-Royce . Yes , that 's right , miss . I remember . A Rolls ? Why , yes , yes . Well , look , to tell you the truth , it wasn 't mine , no . I took it to help some people who were sick , you see . Anything I could do to help the sick people . I 'll bring some of the other stuff in . Did you have the disease ? Oh , no . Me , miss ? No . I 've always looked after myself , see . Kept fit . I mean , your health is everything , isn 't it ? That 's why I always try and keep myself clean . I don 't want no germs , see . I thought you said you were helping the sick . Uh , yes , yes , that 's right , miss . Anything I could do to help the poor souls . - Have you seen many people ? - A few . In the beginning , there were quite a few , and then , not so many . I thought I 'd see what was happening in London , you see , - so I took the car . - Well , what was it like ? Phew ! Terrible ! Any people about ? Oh , none that I saw . I got through to Blackheath , and there the roads were choked with traffic . I had to drive across the grass . I was going downhill , and then it hit me , the stench . It was like a brick wall , man , like a wall . I got out of there double quick , I can tell you . Oh ... Yes , well , let 's get on . If you want to stay for something to eat , you can help unload the car and get a fire started . Oh , yes , anything you say . I always like to do my fair share . I 'll do more than pull my weight . Just you say anything you want done . Yeah , well , you can come and give me a hand . I ... I 'll be right with you , boy . Right with you . I think you might have a new recruit . You see anything ? Not a sign of anybody . Chances are they 've settled somewhere in this area . If they 'd been outside it , they 'd have gone somewhere else for their food . It 's a very big area . Yeah . We 'll have a wander round this section . Is it all that important ? Do you want to take charge ? Take over from me ? No , no . Then shut up and do as you 're told . It was you that let that young tart grab that shotgun . Anyway , this isn 't official business any more . It 's a personal matter . Think we 'd let them get away with it after what they done to us ? Anyway , I fancy that young bit . I wouldn 't mind either of them . ( CHUCKLES ) ( BLOWING ) ( COUGHING ) You sure you 're warm enough ? You wouldn 't like me to collect some kindling for the fire ? Oh , no , we 've got enough to see us through the night . You haven 't got a fag , have you ? Oh , ta . One of those two your wife , is it ? No , I just bumped into them . Oh , so now you 're sticking together , eh ? Well , I 'm not . I 'll hang around for a while , I suppose , but I ... Well , I don 't intend to take on a whole pack of responsibility . - I don 't want to get tied down . - Quite right , too . You want your independence . You 're like me , see . I 'd work like a dog for somebody for my own fair share , but nobody can buy my independence . That 's right , boy , pick some of the dry stuff . I might take an axe tomorrow and get some cut . I might get some fresh meat , too , rabbit or a chicken or something . I 'm pretty handy with a shotgun , see . Oh , yes , I can see you 're a pretty handy fellow to have around . Oh , aye , aye . I can turn my hand to most things , see . I got a chicken three or four days ago , man . I gave it to some youngster . Well , I reckoned he needed it more than me . A youngster ? Aye . Oh , a youngster , he was . - He was camping with some older bloke . - And where was this ? Oh , five or six miles back in the wood , there . And how old was the boy ? Oh , nine or ten , something like that . - Come and tell Abby . - Eh ? Come on . - What , now ? - Yes . Hold it , Dave ! Yeah , it could be them . How far is it , do you reckon ? Straight line , three or four miles . I don 't know by road . We 'll find it . Keep your eye on it . I 'd come with you now , see , if it wasn 't for the old leg . You see , I 'm not sure it would stand up to it without a bit of a rest , see . All of you going , is it ? Oh , well , now , don 't worry about anything . I 'll have the fire going and some food ready by the time you come back . Don 't worry about anything , yeah ? I 'll take care of everything . They might be gone by now , mind . I wouldn 't swear they 'll still be there . Hey , uh ... Uh ... Oh , well . Please yourself . You know , I think we should be a bit more to the right . Abby , listen . You know it 's odds against being Peter . Yes , but it could be him . From the description , it ... The only description you 've got is of a boy about 10 years old , wearing a blazer . Now , that 's all you 've got . Just be ready for it . Ah ! Is anybody there ? Is anyone about ? It 's all right , Abby . I 'll go . They 've gone ? They 're both dead . You 'd better come and have a look at him . You have to . ( VOICE BREAKING ) It 's not Peter . ( SOBBING ) ( DOOR BANGING OPEN ) Where are they ? They 're waiting for you inside . - What are we going to do ? - Keep under cover . But all our things are in there . Don 't go in there . I won 't be able to stop them if you do . Have they got the guns ? Look , just stay out of sight for a bit . I 'll get them out of there and away from here . Thanks . Dave ! Reg ! Quick ! They came out of the woods , up there . They must have seen the Land Rover and run off . Leave it ! We 'll never find them in the dark . DAVE : You sure it was them ? JOHN : Yes , the man and the two women . Well , they won 't come back now that they 've spotted we 're here . We 'd better turn it in . Where are you going ? Come and give us a hand . It won 't take a minute . Keep under cover until we 've driven out . Don 't take any chances or you 'll drop me in it , too . This gent wants to come with us and register . Yes , yes , I do . See , I 'm all for law and order , see . I mean , I wouldn 't have mixed in with this bunch of thieves if I 'd have known . Now , I wouldn 't mind , mate , joining with your lot , see , me being ex-military , crack shot and all that . Regimental champion , see . Well , we can always use a good man . Well , you don 't have to look no further , boy . Come on . Right , then , let 's go . ( SHOT FIRING ) ( SHOT FIRING ) ( AIR HISSING ) ( AIR HISSING ) Why would they do that ? I don 't understand . Yeah , well , perhaps now they 've got it out of their system , they 'll just leave us alone . Yes . Well , we 'd better get on with the job of trying to get this lot cleared up , and then we can try and get something organised . I 'm not staying here . I was undecided until now , but this settles it . I want to start again , do all the things I said I would . But I won 't be able to until I know about Peter , one way or another .
