 ( SIGHS ) - My stomach thinks my throat 's cut . - Yeah , well , let 's pack it in . Sorry . Well , my roof 's still letting wet in . As soon as we 've done this stockade , I 'll do your roof , all right ? I can feel my rheumatics coming on . Is all this more important than my health ? Yes . Well , I shan 't be much use to you laid up , will I ? You 're not too much use anyway . - Now look ... - Look , it 's entirely up to you . You can either help us build this stockade to keep the sheep in , or you can sit up at night and beat the dogs off . Not much in it with the way my roof leaks if you ask me . Well , I 'm not asking you , I 'm telling you . You could have got all this done instead of gallivanting off to London . Don 't push your luck , cock . That trip to London was no picnic . Where do you suppose that wire came from anyway ? - What are you doing ? - Reducing fat . - Yeah , well , that 's not your job . - No , but we 're getting short . - Let Hubert do the damn thing . - It 's not enough . - Ruth wants to make more soap . - Ruth can go and ... She 's done nothing but talk about soap since you got back from London . ( BABY CRYING ) Will you see it doesn 't ... ( DOOR CLOSING ) All right , all right . I 'm coming . - Three ? - Go on . I made one extra . What have we done to deserve this ? Jenny 's got enough on her plate already . - Well , thanks , Pet . - Where 's Charles ? We must have charcoal . Hello , Greg . How 's Jenny ? Well , since you 're asking , I think she 's doing too much . You 're blaming me ? We 've gone long enough without soap , we can go without it for a while longer . No , sorry . We keep clean , we keep healthy . It 's as simple as that . - Yeah , with one notable exception . - What does that mean ? Hubert . I mean , those stinking clothes are stuck to him . It 's not funny . Oh , come on , Greg , you 're overprotective about Jenny . I don 't see why she should work like a slave while Hubert does sweet FA . That applies to all of us , not just Jenny . Well , of course it does ! So what are we going to do about it ? LIZZIE : I 'll get you ! JOHN : No , you won 't . LIZZIE : Come back . You 'll never catch me . - I will . - You won 't ! - Yes , I will . - Oh , no , you won 't . ( BOTH GIGGLING ) What 's the matter ? We can 't go near strangers . You might not be well . ( LAUGHING ) Oh , yes . Yes , of course . It 's all right , they 've not been in contact with me . I 'm Alistair McFadden . Have you been ill ? - What ? - The disease . Oh , yes . Yes , a long time ago . Must be over a year now . - By the way , what month is it ? - Well , it 's March . - Where have you come from ? - Nowhere . I mean , I 've been on the move since I left the bunker about a week ago . - Bunker ? - Nuclear testing bunker . At least that 's what I think it was . They 're all over the country if you can find them . Well , I 'm afraid if you want to join us , you 'll have to go into quarantine for 10 days . - Ten days ? - Yeah , well , I 'll take you down . Well , there it is . The house that Jack built . There 's a stove in there . It 's a lot more comfortable than it looks . Three of us were in there only a fortnight ago . Well , that 's marvellous . - You built it ? - With my own fair hands . Not just for people like me , surely ? No . We had this guy who had to go into Birmingham and he caught the plague or something bad . Well , he was quite a fella . So I built this as a sort of practical memorial to him . We got to be careful . You seem a very friendly and sensible people . JACK : Well , we haven 't taken to cannibalism yet . No . Anyway , you can incarcerate yourself now . Well , see you all in 10 days , then . Don 't worry , we 'll feed you . Of course , we might come and stare at you as there 's no zoos left . Well , it 's all very peaceful . - JACK : Hubert ! - Yeah , yeah . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) Well , shut the door . - Now , Hubert ... - Look , I 've got one loaf . Look . - Greg got three today . - For the four of them . Look , soon as we finish that fence , I 'm going to fix your roof for you , all right ? Out there in all weathers . I need more bread than him or anyone . You 're in one of your pigheads today , ain 't you ? - It 's damp in here . - Well , you wanted to live here . - You said you felt shut in . - I did not ! I was put in here ! From now on , I do as much as anybody else . Which isn 't much . Well , it may be a big room , but I 'm not having Hubert in with me . - Come on , Arthur , give him a chance . - He smells . He 's a malcontent , he 's got appalling manners , he 's idle and he annoys me . He 's outside in all this weather . Well , it 's mainly that he smells . I tried to talk to him about it , but he wouldn 't listen . It 's no excuse for him . Those of us who 've achieved a certain standard of hygiene are not going to put up with less . You can tell him that . Keeping warm ? Yes , thanks . - What are you reading ? - Poetry . Wordsworth . Oh ! - " A host of golden daffodils . " - A little more than that . He was a great philosopher . Like Rousseau . - Nature poetry ? - Yes . Well , he really believed that nature was a force that ran through everything . Man , beasts , plants ... I 'm sorry . I 'm being pompous . Oh , no , no , not at all . No , read me some . - Really ? - Yes , go on . " Once again I see these hedgerows , hardly hedgerows , " little lines of sportive wood run wild . " These pastoral farms green to the very door . " And wreaths of smoke sent up in silence from among the trees " with some uncertain notice , as might seem of vagrant dwellers " in the houseless woods , " or of some hermit 's cave , where by his fire , " the hermit sits alone . " Go on . " These beauteous forms , through a long absence , " have seemed to me as is a landscape to a blind man 's eye . " But oft , in lonely rooms amid the din of towns and cities , " I have owed to them in hours of weariness , sensations sweet , " felt in the blood and felt along the heart , " and passing even into my purer mind with tranquil restoration . " ( BLEATING ) Oh , shut up ! Jenny said I 've got to tell you your meal 's ready this time . If you don 't hurry , it 'll get cold ! - Women . - Can 't live without them , Jack . Some of us have to . Just in time . - How 's Alistair getting on ? - Oh , he seems fine . ( LAUGHS ) He 's reading poetry . It 's a bit cold in that tree house for him though , isn 't it ? No , he seems warm enough . He 's got a sleeping bag and a stove . Ow ! You know , you 'd think he 'd suffer more from loneliness . Says he hasn 't spoken to a living soul till he came here . Well , what 's he in quarantine for ? - Ten days . We made it a rule . - I know . But for people who have been in contact with other people . Well , I better see him . I mean , there 's no point in being stuck out there just for a rule . Lizzie ! Lizzie ! - Have you seen Lizzie ? - No . I thought she was with you . - Ruth 's letting the man out . - What man ? - Oh , the new man . Letting him out ? - Yes . - But he 's only been here one night . - I know , but that 's what I said . But Ruth said I was to mind my own business . Oh , did she ? Well , I 'm going down there . Now listen , will you stay here and keep an eye on Paul ? And don 't make a noise and wake him up . - But what about Lizzie ? - Oh , never mind about Lizzie . She 's probably with George and the others . ( SIGHS ) McFadden . M-C-F-A-D-D-E-N . - How old are you , Alistair ? - 44 . - What was your previous job ? - Librarian . - Any practical skills ? - Not really . Who told you about us ? I thought you said you 'd not been in contact with anyone . Well , I hadn 't . We spoke over a hedge . He was on horseback . - When was this ? - About a week , 10 days ago . - Where ? - I 'm not sure exactly . About 100 miles away . The time it took for me to get here . He said he was looking for his wife and child . Wife and child ? Well , I assumed he was talking about his wife . - Did he mention any names ? - No . Yes , yes , he said the boy 's name was Peter . Which way did he go ? I 'm not sure . I 'd say he was making for the coast . Said something about a house being burnt down . Jimmy Garland ! - He saw the message Charles left . - Well , why hasn 't he come along here ? He must have got another lead on Abby . - ALISTAIR : These are people you know ? - Yes . Oh , Jenny . You haven 't met Alistair McFadden , have you ? Well , we 've waved at each other . Hello . - How do you do ? - It 's all right , he 's well enough . Alistair was directed here by Jimmy Garland . Jimmy ? Well , where is he ? He 's not sure , but they met 10 days ago . Well , then why hasn 't he come here ? Don 't know . We think he must have got some news of Abby . Oh , good . Are you going to stay ? - Well , I hope so . If you 'll have me . - ARTHUR : Not much doubt about that . You couldn 't have come at a better time . - I 've put that fat in the outhouse . - Thanks . I know it 's tough , but it 's worth it . - At least you 're spared the potash bit . - Hmm . That 's what you think . How many times is the wind in the east ? You want to try working on top of it . No , thank you . It 's worse than being downwind of Hubert . - You 're making soap ? - However did you guess ? It 's odd that something that smells so awful can make one clean . That 's life . - Oh , hello . - Hello . How about a cup of tea ? - Tea ? - Carrot tea . Have you tried clover and marjoram ? - No . - Well , it 's delightful . - Really ? - And there 's tansy , thyme , filarian , rosemary , chamomile , nettle , marigold tea . They 're all remedial recipes as well . I ought to warn you , Ruth used to be a medical student . RUTH : You know something about herbal cures ? Well , I ... - Go on , there 's no competition . - Except for Mina . - Who ? - Mina . She lives in a cottage in the woods . She goes in for herbs and things . - Go on . - Well , peppermint is very good if you feel sick or have indigestion . And you can make a herbal ointment out of dandelions , plantain , yellow dock leaf . I cured a festering cut on my arm that way last month . He said he had no practical skills . I think he 's got a job , don 't you , Ruth ? Absolutely . You and I have got to get together , Alistair . - Mmm . Think how much soap you can make . - Oh , come on , Jenny . You 've been obsessive about this soap ever since you got back from London . - Well , someone 's got to do it . - Yes , why does it always have to be me ? - Jenny , that is not fair . - No , it isn 't . I agree . I 'm just making a cup of tea . Alistair here is an expert on herbal cures . Is he ? Good . Now , look . Greg and I have just been talking . It 's no good people complaining about their jobs . Now this community is run on the basis of everybody doing what they are best at . Now , if Alistair here knows about herbs , then obviously he 'll want to do something about it . And that 's what we must have because we benefit by it . Yes . All right , Ruth , Jenny ? Yes . Ruth ? Yes ! Look , I 'm sorry if some of the jobs are hard . We just haven 't got the technology to make them easier . - Who are you getting at , Charles ? - I 'm not getting at anybody . - ' Cause I wasn 't complaining . - Oh , come on , Ruth , you were . You said you wanted to make more soap and I wasn 't producing enough fat . No , I said there wasn 't enough , - not that you weren 't ... - That 's exactly the same thing . - No , it isn 't . - All right , all right , all right . Let 's stop bickering . In fact , who was complaining about Pet not making enough bread ? - Hubert was . - RUTH : No , it wasn 't Hubert . Hubert hasn 't said anything . It was you who told Charles . GREG : We were given three loaves yesterday . - Now Jack said Hubert was complaining ... - CHARLES : Greg ! GREG : Look , I think it 's a good idea to clear the air . It 's no good us all just bottling it up . Does everybody agree with the principle that we each do what we are best at ? Oh , yes , I was always a marvel at making soap . I never ever used a supermarket . Oh , dear . A year ago , we were just happy to be alive . ( HUBERT LAUGHING ) It 's all right for you two . Keep warm , running about . - Any more ? - Any more what ? Dogs . Oh , no , they know what 's good for them . They keep clear of me . - Ask him . - No , you . - No , you . - No , you ask him . Hey , hey , hey . What , what ? Jack says if you look at the face of a tiger , into its eyes , it won 't attack you . Well , there ain 't no tigers around here . Unless they come from them wild zoos . - Is it true , though ? - I don 't know . - Find one and try it . - I told you it isn 't true . I don 't know what he 's filling your head with . If I saw a tiger , I 'd run , wouldn 't you ? ( GROWLS ) ( HUBERT LAUGHING ) GREG : We don 't bicker , do we ? There are times when I could bash your face in . - Yes , me too . - Yours or mine ? - Yours of course . - Well , I 'd like to see you try . - Oh , Greg . - Hey , hey , hey . What 's this ? - I 'm sorry . - What for ? - Carrying on like this , all weepy . - Well , there 's nothing like a good cry . I don 't think I 've got over you going off like that to London . Well , there was nothing for it , I 'm afraid . I know . But it showed me what life would be like without you . I couldn 't go on . I wouldn 't want to go on . Well , you haven 't got rid of me yet . - Promise me you won 't go away again . - Now , you know I can 't promise you that . Yes . You know what you need is a holiday . - A what ? - Well , a change . A break from Paul , the kids and me . Oh , no . Look , why don 't you go off with Arthur and the others ? He 's going to Northwich next week to get some salt . You could go with him . - No , Greg . - Go on . Pet will look after the kids for a week . - No . - Why not ? No ! - Well , will you think about it ? - No . Please . Please , Jenny . All right , I 'll think about it . ALISTAIR : Hello . I don 't think we 've met . I 'm Alistair McFadden . Hubert . - What 's in the bag ? - I 'm collecting herbs . - Herbs ? - For medical purposes . You haven 't seen any holly up here , have you ? Holly ? The leaves are good for coughs and colds . - You make a drink from them . - Oh ! Sounds as if it was made for me , then . I 'm out in all weathers . You 're not ill , are you ? Oh , well , I shall be , the way my roof lets the water in . ( COUGHING ) I 'll press on , then . - Where are you staying ? - In the white house . - With Arthur Russell . - Thought so . So what 's the trouble ? It 's that new Alistair fellow , he 's in Arthur Russell 's place . Well , he 's in the same house , yes . It strikes me them 's last in is best served . Hubert , I can 't order people to go inviting everybody ... Look , living together is a matter of personal agreement . It 's not his place . It belongs to all of us . Look , we established somebody responsible for each place . No , what I mean is , them who get here first get the best , them who come here last get the best , and I 'm in the middle . What I 've got is no good , the roof leaks . Jack 's gonna fix that just as soon as he 's finished with the stockade . Fix it ? I 'm frozen to death up there . Got no one to look after me . - Well , go on . - Well , it 's not fair , is it ? So , you 're not the only one out in the cold , you know , Hubert ? Would you rather be in here making soap ? Let somebody else look after the sheep ? She 's not outside , is she ? She 's supposed to be looking after the pigs . You don 't have to be with the pigs every minute . But I do with the sheep . I can 't let them roam , not with them wild dogs about . So you want to be taken off the sheep all together , is that it ? Even off the slaughter , getting oil for the lamps ? And out of that room . Look , Hubert . We each have jobs . Now your job is just as important as everybody else . You 're the only one who knows about sheep . You can 't work out a roster for a shepherd any more than you can for a carpenter or a mechanic . You can 't swap those jobs now , can you ? You can houses , though . Why couldn 't that Alistair fellow be put in with me ? What 's wrong with me ? Have I got the Death on me or something ? CHARLES : I just wondered what you thought , that 's all . Well , first of all , I 'm not having Hubert in here with me . - He 's dirty and he 's objectionable . - Thank you . What 's all the fuss about anyway ? While he 's out , he gets his food brought to him . His job was being a shepherd , wasn 't it ? Well , he thinks Alistair , being educated , is part of an elite . He means Alistair being clean . I don 't know . Hubert sees Alistair gathering herbs , and to Hubert that 's a cushy number . - Hubert is a damn nuisance . - Oh , well , I don 't know . Who would have thought we 'd have Ruth and Jenny arguing ? Now we 've got Hubert grousing over this new man . Oh , these last few days , it 's been one bone after another . Okay . - Let me give you a hand . - No , it 's all right , we can manage . - I 'd rather . - Look , don 't worry , we 're all right . Would you like me to stay and help ? No , it 's all right . Thanks , Alistair . We can manage now . Is there anything I can do ? That 's all right , sunshine , you 've done enough . Why don 't you go and pick me some dandelion and burdock ? My throat 's parched . Thanks . HUBERT : It is him , innit ? Where did you find this ? I told you , on the way up the top where he was herb picking . - What 's the matter ? - Nothing . - Hubert ... - I done the right thing , haven 't I , - bringing it ? - Yes , yes , you have . If he goes , can I have his room ? Well , first we 'll have to establish whether it is him , Hubert , and then we 'll decide what to do . Oh , I see . If you don 't want him to go , you want it to be kept quiet . Well , I can keep things quiet if I 'm treated proper . Nobody can say I haven 't acted for the best now , can they ? I have a complaint to make . Something has been taken from my pocket . Are you Andrew McAlister ? Yes . I was in the hospital , prison , when the Death came . The keys stopped turning in the big locks and the bangings and the shoutings went . When I got better , I took the minibus , filled it with food from the kitchens and I left . I found a house , a large house , empty , by the river . It had a library . And I caught fish . There was plenty of food . I lit fires and I read books . Why did you keep this ? Because it 's real . Tells me who I am and what I did . - What did you do ? - I killed a child . - Why ? - Because she was looking at me and she was frightened . I was angry that she should be frightened , there was no reason why . And that frightened me . That in me , there was something frightening . I couldn 't tolerate a small child frightening me , and in my rage , I killed her . Did a psychiatrist tell you this ? Psychiatrists tell you nothing . They ask questions to write reports so that they can file judgements . Then how do you know ? Because I thought about it when I got better . And how did I get better ? Well , first , because everyone I knew was dead . I 'd seen their bodies . Even in my persecuted state , I knew that . At first , I was glad they were dead . I thought I 'd killed them . No one came near me , no one threatened me . The locks had gone , the drugs , the questions . I read the poetry I found in the house . Couldn 't read the novels , they were about people and things and places . But the poetry I understood . I used to sit by the river and look at the water and the trees . I was calm and peaceful . And then it was there , in the poem in front of me . " Nature and language has a sense , the anchor of my purest thoughts , " the nurse , the guide , the guardian of my heart and soul " of all my moral being . " The Death had cured me . I believe there are people who are not meant to live in crowded towns or suffer the corruption of commercial pressure because it moves them away from themselves , from the reality of their own existence . They are unable to feel , to express , to know who they are . And so they become tortured and frightened . And like an animal that 's cornered , they strike out . And so they have to be locked away with other frightened creatures , to be treated with drugs and electric shock and the kindly understanding you reserve for naughty children , but not love . Not love because that means sharing . And how can you share with an animal in a cage ? You 're quite sure you know what you 're doing , Ruth ? It 's not what I 'm doing , we all decided by majority . No , no . It 's just the majority of the people who were here . What about the others , Peggy , Maureen , Mina , Alan , Lewis ? You 're going to convince everybody in the community ? If I can see each of them individually , yes . - What about Hubert ? - I 'll see Hubert . Hubert was trying to blackmail me , either keep quiet about it or kick Alistair out . - Either way , he wants Alistair 's room . - Well , he 's not getting that . I 'll simply tell him that if he breathes a word to anyone before Ruth 's had a chance to speak to them , he 's going to be the one who 's out on his neck . What happens if he falls ill again ? After all , he 's done it once . Arthur , weren 't you listening to him ? He has total clear insight into what he did and why he did it . That 's the whole point of psychoanalytic treatment , if a patient knows himself . That 's why he carries the cutting , 'cause he 's not afraid any longer . That is the cure . He knows who he is . I thought perhaps he carried it to remind himself in case he felt like doing it again . Go home , you old reactionary . - Good night . - Good night . Well , we may be primitive by circumstance , but we 're civilised by choice . I think that 's what matters . You know , Hubert was quite prepared to keep it quiet - as long as he was all right . - Mmm . Maybe he thought a child-killer was no threat to him . Exactly . And that is even worse . He 's a murderer and he 's got a better place to live than what I have . Hubert , I want you to promise you won 't say a word about this . Give Ruth a chance to speak to everyone , all right ? What did he want to come here for in the first place ? That 's what I want to know . Well , he came here for the same reasons we all did . For food , shelter and safety . But he was on his own for a year you said . I said he was on his own till he was cured . And when he was cured , he wanted to be with people again . Now for God 's sake , will you give this man a chance ? You promise ? All right , I promise . If I get a better place . Hubert , if I hear you 've been spreading stories , you won 't have anywhere . - Have Greg and Jack gone up ? - Yeah . Hey , come here . - You want to be careful . - Why ? What 's happened ? You see him ? That 's Alistair . Yeah . Remember what I was telling you about tigers ? Well , if I told you some people could be like tigers , you know , dangerous , kill people , you wouldn 't hang about and wait for it to happen , would you ? You 'd run away . Well , if he asks you to help him or do anything , don 't , understand ? Off you go . Hey , now don 't tell anybody I told you because if he finds out ... - But that 's Alistair . - Yeah , he looks harmless , doesn 't he ? Ever seen a smile on the face of a tiger ? Tigers can look nice , but they can tear you to bits . ( GRUNTING ) How you getting on ? - What 's the matter ? - Ran into Hubert . - Uh-huh . And what did he have to say ? - Something about wasn 't I being silly . - About what ? - Being out on my own and leaving the baby . Well , go on . Oh , for goodness sake , Greg , you know what he meant . I can 't stand the man . He frightens me and he enjoys doing it . Yes , but he didn 't actually mention Alistair by name , did he ? No , he didn 't produce a pencil and paper and write it out for me . If anything goes wrong in this settlement , you can guarantee Hubert 's got something to do with it . He 's got to needle and probe until he gets exactly what he wants . Well , I can 't see why somebody can 't mend his roof . Jack 's got an important job to do finishing that stockade . - Once he 's done that , he can help . - Till somebody mends his roof , why can 't somebody else put up with the smell ? All right , I 'll have a word with Charles in the morning . - They 're not here . - I 'm going back to feed the pigs . I 'll wait here for them . Hubert , can I have a word ? Greg and Charles have asked if you can move into my place while your roof 's being mended . Well , I 'm not prepared to do that , but I am willing to give you a hand to get the roof repaired . Shouldn 't be too difficult . Lots of tiles that will fit from those old outhouses . Well , at least it 'll reduce the leak until it can be done properly . Well , we 'll get somebody else to look after the sheep while we 're doing the roof . We 're supposed to have our own jobs , aren 't we ? I got enough to do out here without bothering about roofs . All right . Well , don 't say I didn 't offer to help . Oh , no , plenty of people get your offers of help . Them who come here last get the best places to live . It was the same before the Death . Privilege for the few . It 'll always be the same . ( ROARS ) John . John . John ! John ! ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) - Alistair ... Are you going ? - I shouldn 't have come . - Where will you go ? - I 'll find a house by a river somewhere . - Is it because of Hubert ? - Not especially . Or because of what you think we might be thinking ? Well , I admit I was suspicious , but I suppose you wouldn 't expect people - like Hubert to understand . - No , it 's not that . Not in itself . When I was in business , before , I used to sack people . I never saw them again , never gave them a second thought . But now , everybody , even Hubert , seems significant . I 'm sorry you 're going . I thought the Death would change everything . It saved me . When I heard about this place and all of you ... You thought we would be changed as much ? I thought we 'd all be changed , completely . Well , maybe it will be one day . You see , I came out of a nightmare into reality . And it 's reality which is so wonderful . Just living without people . Can you understand that ? So I thought ... I didn 't think , but I expected to find people that didn 't argue and bicker over petty things like soap . Oh , I 'm sorry . Maybe I am only able to exist in a vacuum , without people . Anyway ... The only reason we 're all here together is that we couldn 't survive on our own . - I did . - Till your food ran out . I 'll go to the town and get food . One of our lot went to a town to get medicine . He died . Three of them went up to London . There are 500 people in London trying to get away before they 're wiped out . There are many ways of dying . Yes , but when , Lizzie ? How long ago ? One hour ? Two hours ? Did he definitely say he 'd stay up there , Lizzie ? - Until Greg came . Is that what he said ? - Yes . Lizzie , now listen , love , have you seen John since you came down from the top ? - No . - Well , he 's not up there now . Hubert said he hadn 't seen him come down . Did say he 'd seen Alistair go up there and come down since then . - Where 's Alistair now ? - Well , I think I can tell you that . It 's rather sad news , really . Alistair 's had enough of us . He 's gone . Well , I did try to persuade him ... - Look , when did he go ? - About five minutes ago . Why ? - What 's happened ? - John 's disappeared . And Alistair was the last one seen near . I don 't believe it . I 've just been talking to him . He was just explaining how good everything was . Yes , without people . He told us all that , didn 't he ? See my baby , I must see my baby . Did you follow him at all ? - No . - Why not ? - Because I was angry . - Angry with John ? I didn 't touch him . When were you angry ? Before he ran away or after ? When he looked at me . - How did he look at you ? - He was frightened . - Why was he frightened ? - I don 't know . - But you remembered ... - Yes . - You remembered ... - The child I killed , yes . Did you feel there was something in you to be frightened of ? I couldn 't understand why he was frightened unless someone had told him . - And that made you angry ? - Yes . We 've been all over . Nothing . I 've got three men on horses on the road . Alistair , a child is missing . You were the last person to see him . You were seen going up to the fences . Lizzie came down from it . Do you understand why we have to ask you these questions ? Oh , yes , I understand . Well , we can 't drag the canal or the lake , we haven 't got a boat . We can stretch a rope across , with men on either side . Weight it so it sinks . Do you also understand why we brought you back ? - And why we 've got to keep you here ? - Yes , for my own protection . It used to always be like that . ( DOOR OPENING ) Anything yet ? - Is Charles back ? - No . ( SIGHS ) What are we going to do ? We haven 't any proof . We haven 't got a prison . We can 't just lock him up with someone standing over him . We may as well let him go . I mean , what can we do ? I don 't know . I 've just been back past our house . Hubert 's sounding forth . It 's all too simple to someone like Hubert . - You shoot wild dogs . - We 're not shooting anyone , Greg . No . No , I 've already decided to let him go . - When ? - At first light . - Where is he ? - He 's through there . - Is he alone ? - He 's asleep . What if they find something tomorrow ? I mean , what about Charles ? Shouldn 't you ask ? What if you 're wrong , Greg ? What if they do find something tomorrow ? Well , then I 'm wrong and Charles is right . And I 'm not going through a murder trial again . Again ? Ah , it was a long time ago . We got an engineer , an architect , a carpenter , shepherd and a doctor . But we haven 't got any policemen . Until we do have , I think we should all just stick to our own jobs . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) ( HUBERT MUMBLING ) All right , all right , I 'm coming . All right . - What do you want ? - Who was right , then ? You been drinking ? Where did you get that from ? Same place Ruth got hers . You didn 't know about that , did you ? While I 'm up there ... If that 's what I think it is , you 'll kill yourself . It 's methyl alcohol , you idiot . It 's an antiseptic . You 'll poison yourself . It tastes all right . It 's nice in here . - Nice and warm and dry . - What do you want ? - We both saw it , what he did . - What are you talking about ? You and me saw that Alistair hit John . - We damn well did not . - I say we did . What are you trying to tell me , Hubert ? The man 's a murderer . He shouldn 't be allowed to be here . - What do you want , Hubert ? - If I say I saw him hit John , more likely to believe that than if you say he didn 't . - Oh , for God 's sake ... - No , what I 'm trying to say is , if you say nothing about what you saw him do to John , you can let me have his room . Favour is a favour . Oh , get out . Oh , all right , I 'm going , but I 'll get a big stick , and I 'll do what Greg said he 'd do to me . And I 'll find him , and if don 't find him ... Hubert 's roaming around drunk . He says he 's going to ... GREG : That 's all right , he 's not going anywhere . - Shouldn 't we tell Charles ? - No , he 's asleep . Don 't you worry , Arthur , I 'll take care of it . It 's all right , it was only Arthur . Go on back to bed . - Are you sure ? - Yeah , I 'm sure . Shouldn 't you have someone outside if you fall asleep ? I won 't fall asleep . Go on , back to bed , Charles . All right . Go on , drink it up . It 's going to be a cold day . I 'll take you as far as the reservoir . ( COCK CROWING ) Where have you been ? - I went on the road . - Well , why didn 't you come back ? - It 's the rule . - What rule ? If you go out and come back , you have to stay here . It 's quarantine . He 's all right now . He stopped shivering hugging the hot water bottle . Well , Hubert 's a mess . He actually tried to get me to admit that I saw Alistair hit John . Yeah , and what 's worse is him actually frightening the boy . Well , I warned him . - Well , what do we do with him ? - What can you do ? If you throw him out , he 'd die through self-neglect . You couldn 't persuade Alistair to stay ? No . Where is Hubert ? JACK : Hubert . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) - Hubert 's knockout drops . - Oh , no . - Is it your stuff ? - No , no . It 's not methyl alcohol . But it 's the rest of the brandy I 'd saved . For the same purpose , medicinal . That man is a thief , Charles , he has to go . ARTHUR : Hear , hear . - How 's John ? - He 's fine . He 's just got a little chill , that 's all . He 'll be all right . What was that herbal drink that Alistair suggested for colds ? - Do you remember , Ruth ? - Yes . Holly leaves . - But we don 't know how to make it . - Oh , I don 't know . Complete herbal . The other one 's not so useful , poetry by Wordsworth . Selected works . Let 's have a look . Poor man , first we hound him out and put him through all of that , and then he leaves his books behind . Well , he 's marked this one . I think he meant us to have it . Listen . " ' Tis nature 's law that none , the meanest of created things , " of forms created the most vile and brute , the dullest or most noxious , " should exist divorced from good , " a spirit and pulse of good , " a life and soul to every mode of being , inseparably linked . " " The meanest of created things . " Obviously , he means Hubert . I 'm going to miss Alistair . Well , he left us something useful . Why should we be stuck with Hubert and that man out there ? Come on , we 've all got work to do . How do you know it was Hubert that told John when he marked that book last night ? Who did he mean , then ? Well , I think he meant everyone , including himself . And by the way , Greg , took a chance last night , didn 't you ? Letting him go without consulting me ? Would it have made any difference ? ALISTAIR : " ' Tis nature 's law that none , the meanest of created things , " of forms created the most vile and brute , the dullest or most noxious , " should exist divorced from good , " a spirit and pulse of good , " a life and soul to every mode of being inseparably linked . "
