 Come on , Geraldine . Get a move on . Where did it come from ? Did you see ? - Shouldn 't we go after it ? - Must be miles away . Well , you can see for miles on that hill . See where it 's going anyway . I 'll get the horses . Tell Charles . Hey ! We 'll never catch up with it . - Come on . - No . There it is . - I didn 't see it . - Nor did we . Hubert says Greg and Jenny have ridden off after it . - What kind of balloon ? - Hot air , I imagine . - What heats it ? Gas ? - Methane . I 'll bet Greg wishes he 'd thought of that . ( DOOR SHUTS ) JENNY : Now I know what it 's like on a desert island . See a ship pass by that doesn 't see you . ALAN : Jenny ! Greg ! Well , we might as well go home . Do you think it even saw us ? We ought to keep a fire going day and night on top of that hill . What for ? So anything like that balloon could spot us . You all feel you need to be rescued . We were just wondering about the balloon . You can 't expect us not to wonder about it . GREG : Come on , Melanie . There 's miles to go home yet . Why are all the sheep up here when all the best pasture 's down in the valley ? - Oh , come on , Mel . - No . She 's right . Something must have frightened them . JENNY : Will you shut the gate for me , Alan ? ( SHEEP BLEATING ) Look ! There , that splash of red in the trees . JENNY : It 's the balloon ! Come on , Melanie . Get up here . That 's it . Quick , give me a hand to get this bloke down . GREG : Don 't do that . You 're tightening it . Grab hold of his feet . And stand by to catch him while I undo this . - Here he comes . - Yeah . We got him . - Got him ? - Yeah . - Gently . - Okay . Let him go now . Okay . Easy . - Put him down just here . - All right . - There could still be a chance . - Never . Come on , get hold of him under here . - Shall I get Ruth ? - No . It 'll take too long . Get her , please . Can I help ? Only has to be a box , doesn 't it ? No call for anything fancy . I 'd have thought we could just have wrapped him in something . He deserves more than that . Whoever he was . Did he run out of gas ? No . This container 's more than half full . Perhaps it jammed in some way . The air in the balloon cooled down , so he tried to hot it up by lighting the gas jet , but it didn 't work . - No . It works all right . - What was in the knapsack ? Oh , yes . Alan brought it back . It 's in the kitchen . - Well , what did he die of ? - A broken neck . So you couldn 't have saved him any more than I could . JENNY : Here we are . There 's probably a lot of other things scattered in the wood . - MELANIE : A camera . - What use is that ? You can 't process film any more surely . Perhaps you could where he came from . What else is there ? They weren 't doing too badly where he came from . There 's bread , cheese . Pigeon ? Partridge , I think . Cold partridge . Umm . And honey , with some nutty flavour in it . Well , he can 't have come very far if he wasn 't even hungry . Well , he could have set out with a lot more than this . I can 't believe he had other knapsacks . That must have been packed only this morning . How far can you come in a balloon in one day ? - Well , there hasn 't been much wind . - Which direction was the wind blowing ? It changed to north this morning , didn 't it ? MELANIE : Well , if he left at dawn this morning ... No . You can 't possibly work it out . - Chipping Campden is not north , is it ? - What ? It 's a picture postcard of Chipping Campden in the Cotswolds . - JENNY : Where did you find that ? - In his hip pocket . Look , there 's a sketch map on the back . - Of where he lives ? - No . It 's of us ! Look , Greg , there 's ... There 's the bridge and the canal . And if that is north as he says it is , then ... That scribble over there must be the wood . Yes , and those blocks he 's drawn are the farm . What 's that word he 's written here ? S-A-U , is it ? Do you mean he 's up there making a sketch of us - when he 's about to crash ? - He was about to land . Don 't you see ? He was coming down to talk to us . He misjudged it , hit the trees , got tangled up in the wires . Oh , we ought to find out where he came from , Greg . Chipping Campden ? - The postcard 's no proof of that . - Look , it 's an aerial view . Chipping Campden in the Cotswolds from the air . The way it would look from a balloon . So that he could recognise it on the way back . He must have had a compass and a map . And a pencil to have drawn that sketch . Yeah , well , we better search the woods . - We 'd better go to Chipping Campden . - Look , it means nothing , Melanie . It 's chestnut honey . That 's what it is . It 's a speciality of the Cotswolds . Oh , look . If Alan and I took the horses , we could be there in two days . - You 'd better take this with you . - We 've enough to carry . - You might need it . - No . We 'll take it . Thanks , Jack . - Take care . - Go on . Now if you don 't make contact , come back at once . It 's not worth too much time . He had a camera , methane gas in a proper pressurised container and a hot air balloon . And that 's not worth too much trouble ? I 've always had a feeling we were wrong to give up . What do you mean , give up ? All this back to the land when there 's still some civilisation left . You think we 're not civilised ? Good luck ! It 's a bit of an adventure for them anyway . Oh , Melanie sees more in it than that . PET : Clutching at straws . Oh , she 's right about the camera . It must mean something . I doubt if a camera and a hot air balloon are enough to keep the old world going , let alone picture postcards . - Bye . - Bye . Well , I hope they won 't be disappointed . They 're bound to find out something . Yeah , but to have flown west from Gloucestershire in a balloon in less than a day when the wind 's from the north . I don 't see how it 's possible . Look , Hubert , we haven 't got that safely down out of the tree to have you rip it up now . Now , just take it gently . LIZZIE : Greg ? I 've found something . - What ? - These . Well done , Lizzie . Where did you get them ? - In the woods . - You show me the exact spot . John 's at the place . I told him not to move . LIZZIE : John ! John ! - You frightened it . - I told you to stay put . I was chasing a rabbit and you frightened it when you shouted . John , where did you find these binoculars ? - By that tree . - Now , are you sure ? - I think so . - Now , it 's very important . We 're gonna try and work out which direction the balloon came in , so that we can go and look for other things . Stalking a silly rabbit . If I hadn 't been , I wouldn 't have found the map . - What map ? - Over here . - Is it the whole world ? - No . But it 's the whole of England . JENNY : What are these words he 's written round the edge ? I can 't make them out at all . Looks like H-V-E . Or something . Here it is again . Down here . Here . And then lines from each word to different places on the map . It must refer to something he 's seen . Do you think it 's a code ? - Why 's he put a ring round Gloucester ? - There 's one round Hereford , too . We just found his case . Look . A whole lot more picture postcards . - Are they all aerial views ? - Yeah . And his notebook . - Make any sense of that ? - It 's not English . No . He couldn 't even speak English . There 's a dictionary , see . Norge . Norwegian . He 'd come all the way from Norway . In a balloon ? I 'll get Charles . - Was the balloon damaged ? - Why ? You thinking of going somewhere ? No . I just don 't think anything 's gonna become of Greg 's experiments with that motorbike engine . If we had a balloon , we could go anywhere . It only needs a cylinder of gas to keep it up . - Well , which way ? - Left . Has to be . We 'll cross the Wye at the ford . Find somewhere to camp . Should be in the Cotswolds this time tomorrow . - Looks like " Sager " , " Sakker " . - No . That 's not an " A " . That 's a " U " . - It 's " Sukker " . - Hmm . Here it is again . Whatever it was , he saw it in Lincolnshire . Yes , and here , just south of Peterborough . Sugar . Sugar beet . He must have landed to have spotted that . You can 't notice that from the air . What 's that word ? " Kveg . " Whatever it is , he found it not far from us , - just northwest of Hereford . - And here around Northampton , too . - JENNY : " Kveg " means cattle . - Huh . And there 's something else near Northampton . " Garveri , garveri . " G-A-R-V-E-R-I . The line from that word goes to Hereford , too . Umm . Tannery . There 's something marked here at Whitney . Looks like " Eve " . No , no , it 's " Vever " . V-E-V-E-R . What 's this word here ? " Pram " . There a line from it that runs to somewhere on the Thames and to the Severn , too . " Vever , " uh , weaver . - At Whitney , did you say ? - CHARLES : That 's where it points to . Well , they used to make blankets at Whitney . From Cotswold wool ! DAVE : Was there sheep at Chipping Campden ? Weavers , Whitney , wool at Chipping Campden , I wonder if they even knew about each other . You got the same pattern around Hereford , haven 't you ? You got cattle to the north , tanneries to the west . Wait a minute , there 's something in his notebook about Hereford . Umm . - Yeah . Hereford . " Kaveg . " - Cattle . - " Garveri . " - Tannery . - " Lær . " What 's that mean ? - Leather , has to be . And then Chepstow and an arrow sign to Gloucester . By boat , that 's what pram means , it must do . Something he saw at Chepstow . So that 's why Gloucester 's got a ring round it . It connects by water with half the Midlands . Up the Severn to Shropshire and the Avon to Warwick . And down to Bristol . If the canals are navigable , he can get right the way down to the Thames . Barge . " Pram " means barge . He saw barges at Chepstow . Hides into leather to Chepstow and then by barge up the Severn to Gloucester . - Yeah , but to trade for wool ? - Or wool and cloth . One thing about him . He wasn 't exactly sold on self-sufficiency , was he ? You know , he could have easily flown from Hereford in a balloon in a day . Yes . And that 's not the way Alan and Melanie are headed . Whoa ! Whoa ! Whoa ! - That 's it . - Yeah , but hang about a bit . The natives might not be friendly . They 'd hardly being drawing attention to themselves by lighting a fire if they meant us any harm . - Come on . - Maybe you 're right . It 's a funny place to keep a fire . Must be a beacon . There 's the kindling . Smoke like this could be seen 50 miles away from a balloon . Drop that gun ! Go on , drop it . Now , get down . There are a couple of references here that need more than a dictionary to decipher . Seems to be about some kind of machinery . - Sort of an industrial plant . - In England ? No , no , no . I think it 's something in Norway . There 's a reference here to Bergen . What I suppose could only mean hydro-electric power . I suppose it would , wouldn 't it , in Norway ? With iron ore on the spot as well . - Perhaps Melanie was right . - About what ? Well , there 's more going on than we thought . - They 've got industry in Bergen . - Will it make me a pair of shoes ? Just think of it . It does exist over there in Bergen . You 'd like to get to it , wouldn 't you ? Well , it 's just a couple of notes in a language I don 't even understand . - Enough to excite you , though . - But of course it does . It might be the breakthrough we never thought possible . Yes , but you should be thinking about what we need here . Glue , for instance . This gum from horses ' hooves is no use at all . And find a way to make needles . Lizzie lost one the other day . The Bodkin , the sharp one . I spent hours looking for it . Without needles we can 't mend clothes , let alone shoes . And you talk about industry in Norway . Well , that might be the only way you 'll ever get your needles . In my dreams . Far less of a dream than imagining that I 'm ever gonna be able to make them . Well , if you can run a tractor off methane gas ... But I can 't yet . I 'm beginning to doubt if I ever will . I haven 't got the machinery , the equipment . I need you here , Greg . Oh , I wish we 'd never seen that balloon . Now turn out your pockets . What do you think we 're carrying ? Bombs ? You never know these days . - How did you get that postcard ? - Have you seen it before ? You 've met Lars ? - Where is he ? I 've been waiting for him . - He 's dead . His balloon hit a tree when he was trying to land near our place . Is that why you lit the fire on the hill , to warn him ? You ... You 'd better have some food . You 're rightly hungry . When was he here ? What happened to the girl ? - Agnes ? - There was no girl . He had his daughter with him . ( BIRD FLAPPING ) Just dropped out of the sky like something from another world . - Yeah . That 's what we thought . - He 'd come from Norway . Norway ? Lars couldn 't speak a word of English , that 's why he brought his daughter with him to interpret . - Stew all right , is it ? - Yeah . Great . I 'm no cook . Just stew up anything I can get . Carrot , potatoes , rabbit . I once got a deer with that gun , but didn 't know how to preserve it , so most of it went off . Did they fly in the balloon all the way from Norway ? No . They come by boat , sailing boat . They 'd been to Denmark before that . But they didn 't find anyone living there . All the cattle dead , just rotten carcasses . Is it food they want , then ? Ah , there 's nothing to live on in Norway . - All snow and mountains and the like . - Oh , there 's agriculture , too . Oh , only to the south . And all left to rot . She reckoned there was less than 100 folk left alive in the whole country . Well , it 's not surprising , is it ? Not many people there to start with , were there ? About two million actually . - As much as that ? - Well , we had nearly 60 million . Ah . So they 'd count on finding more survivors here , more going on . Yeah , but not enough to help the Norwegians , even if there are only 100 of them . He seemed to think they could somehow help us . - Help us ? - ALAN : How ? Well , they 'd flown over most of the Midlands in that balloon . - Where did they get it ? - Somewhere near Peterborough . Some flying club . Gas cylinders , too . It was Agnes ' idea . See everything from the air , she said . Settlements , crops , boats , what roads and tracks were being used . - Got to join up , she said . - What was in it for them ? Well , it seems they got this factory at ... Oh dear , where was it ? Skagerund , that 's where they come from , near Bergen . - Factory ? - Yeah . All the power they need , from the dams , electricity , but not enough skilled men left to get it working . ( WHIMPERING ) The first thing to do is to find out how much cattle there is around Hereford . What the breeding possibilities are . So if this thing 's gonna work , we 've got to be able to provide enough meat and leather for everyone between here and the Midlands . - The meat will have to be salted . - Well , Cheshire 's near enough . I met someone up there myself . We could probably get an efficient salting plant going . Have to be more than one tannery . Perhaps that tannery spotted near Coventry could be persuaded to move . - Direction of labour , that 's called . - What ? You got labour force at Chepstow to handle those barges . Transport 's the key to the whole thing . Well , Jack might be interested in that . He used to be a docker . He 's a carpenter and blacksmith now . But only because we don 't need dockers here . Everyone should do what they 're best at , but in the right place . Jack doesn 't want to be a docker again . Wouldn 't just be loading and unloading , he could organise the entire shipping operation between Chepstow and Gloucester . And how would we manage here without him ? There 's nothing that Jack does here that someone else can 't learn to do . Look , it 's what I 've always talked about , Pet . They need to specialise , trade , federate . With one or two local communities , perhaps , but nothing on this level . Alan and Melanie are back . - They 're in the yard with Jack . - Already ? They can 't have got to the Cotswolds and back in two days , can they ? - You coming ? - I 'm busy . We met a blacksmith the other side of Ross . He said the man in the balloon had a daughter with him . - Daughter ? - Yeah . That 's why we came back . Apparently , they went north about a fortnight ago . And if she 's still up there , she must be wondering what became of her father . We ought to go and look for her . Let 's hear what you found out first . Come on , you must be starving . He wants to go to Norway . - Greg ? - I 'm sure of it . - Well , it 's ridiculous , isn 't it ? - The way they were talking just now , you 'd think we 've been just squatting here . Specialise , federate . Jack to go to Chepstow and now Greg to Norway . We must stop it , Pet . We were right . They have got industry in Norway . Hydro-electric power machinery , but they haven 't got enough food . That 's what that chap came here for . To trade our food for whatever they can manufacture . I 'm only guessing . I 'm afraid old Seth wasn 't very coherent . Well , it fits in with his notes . Look , we found all this in the woods after you 'd gone . Sorry . He seems to have done a survey of all the country between here and Grimsby . And look , this stuff that he found growing in Lincolnshire is sugar beet . Yeah . It 's not just food they want in Norway , though . Well , what else ? Seth says they haven 't got enough skilled men to get this plant of theirs working . What sort of skilled men do they need ? We 'll have to find that girl to know that . Yes . We really must go and look for her , Charles . All right . But let 's hear the whole story first . Now , who was this blacksmith ? Greg , are you going to eat with us ? There 's plenty . Oh , Jenny ? Well , the children have had theirs . Just go on . Hey ! You two weren 't gone long . What happened ? We 're just about to hear . They didn 't cross the North Sea in that balloon , did they ? All that distance . There 's a reference in the notes here that there 's some sort of fishing boat still up here at Grimsby . Who is there ? Is there someone there ? Answer me , please . I 'm on the path . Wait . Wait for me . Where is it I am ? For two days I meet no one . I 'm looking for my father . He came this way in a big balloon in the sky . - Have you seen him ? - He 's dead , the bloke in the balloon . It come down in the trees , the cords went around his neck and ... Here , who did you say you were ? He 's dead ? What 's a lass like you doing running wild in the woods ? Oh , come on . There 's no sense in blubbering there . Let me take you bag . You come along with me . Here ! Here , when did you last have something to eat ? Come on . Whether we find the girl or not , we 've still got to get word to Norway . - And the responsibility 's on us now . - For what ? - Well , to make it all work . - Make what work ? Link up the whole country , trade with Norway ? Who do you think you are ? How exactly can you send word anyway ? - Smoke signal , carrier pigeon ? - Someone has to go there , Ruth . Don 't talk such rubbish , Charles . If he can come all the way to us , Jenny , - there 's no reason why ... - He had a balloon . - We 've got it now . - And it 's mended . Greg ! It wouldn 't be impossible to learn to fly , certainly not if we find that girl . We 've got the equipment , the gas and the map . - You can 't go to Norway , Greg . - Look , it doesn 't have to be Greg . It could be Alan , or even me . I 'd like to go . No . They need weavers in the Cotswolds , Melanie , that 's where you should be . But in Norway , they need technicians . Yes , but you were a civil engineer , roads and bridges . I don 't understand . You want Jack to go to Chepstow , Melanie to the Cotswolds , you off to Norway , where am I to be dispatched to ? - Oh , come on , Pet . - No ! We have our own place here , we 've made it work . We 've dug the earth , we 've grown our own food , we 're self-sufficient , with a little left over to give ourselves time to enjoy it . Everyone contributes , plays his own part . " I 'm all right , Jack . " That 's what they used to call that attitude . Well , we 'll not be all right , Jack , if you and Charlie have your way . You 're breaking the place up . No one 's trying to break the place up , Pet . They are ! Specialise ! It 's not the first time you 've heard Charles say that . It 's the first time I 've realised that he meant to take it this far . Once you specialise , you become dependent on others and if they let you down , you 've had it ! Well , that 's a risk we have to take if there 's to be any progress . Progress ? I 'm not saying there 's anything in this link-up with Norway , not for us , we must be a thousand miles from Bergen at least . If he can come all the way to us and lose his life in the process ... I agree , I agree . We have to get word back , try to make contact with the communities he found , but what do they amount to ? A few jottings in a notebook made at random from a balloon . We don 't even know how long ago . But you can 't let it go , it 's a lifeline . - We don 't need ... - Well , they might ! We do . We 've got to do more than just subsist , Pet . We 're doing a lot more than just subsisting . I agree we 've got to make contact with other communities , maybe even abroad . What is it , Hubert ? I found a lass running wild in the woods . Then she passed out on me , she did . She said that bloke in the balloon was her father . Where is she ? She wanted to see what we done with him , so I showed her . Ruth said nothing could be done . Broken neck , she said . Ruth 's our doctor . Oh , here 's Charles . This is Agnes . Hello , Agnes . My name is Charles and this is Melanie . We were you up at Hereford . - Where ? - Hereford . Cows and beef cattle up there . But they were killing them , one by one , to live on . We thought you might have a bull so they could breed . You knew about us ? How ? Well , someone we met showed us where you were on the map . But the wind was never right . Then one day , it was . Only I wasn 't there . My father didn 't want to wait for fear it changed . So he came on his own . They said he should have reached you in four or five hours . I came to look for him , but I lost my map . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Well , come up to the house , Agnes . You 'll need food and rest . We can talk later . He wasn 't a religious man . - Aren 't you coming ? - Where ? Well , to hear what Agnes has to say . I thought we were going to leave her alone for a bit . Just how heartless can you and Charles be ? Have you no idea what she 's been through ? Come on , she 's the one who wants to talk . She 's been going round the farm with Hubert for an hour . - She 's a pretty tough nut . - Hmm . Unlike me , I suppose . What does that mean ? I couldn 't just carry on if anything happened to you . Nothing 's gonna happen to me . That time you were in London , you have no idea what it was like . It 's not just me , there 's Paul , not to mention John and Lizzie . I know they 're not really our children , but ... Of course they are . They 're our adopted children . Well , we never adopted them , they just attached themselves to us . - Do you regret it ? - No , no . Of course not . But it just does somehow mean there 's much more responsibility if ... Oh , I don 't know . Nothing 's going to part us , Jenny . You are going , aren 't you ? Jenny , I love you . - What 's that got to do with it ? - It 's got everything to do with it . It 's what keeps us together no matter how far apart we are . Husbands have had to travel before now , you know ? If a kid like Agnes can do it , don 't you think I can ? We 've got more than just ourselves to think of now . Hmm . I wonder . For all Charles ' talk of putting down roots , I 'm still the only one here who has actually had a child . - Everybody else wants to be free to run . - No one wants to run . Well , they want to feel they can if the worst happened . This place is just a refuge and everybody knows it . You and I felt it in our bones when we got here , that 's what makes you so restless and me so scared . Because if anything happened and you weren 't here , who would John and Lizzie attach themselves to then ? Who would I ? Nothing 's gonna happen here . Can you promise me that ? Whatever this kid Agnes has to say ? It 's better you abandon it . It 's no good this place . That is what my father would have said . - Why ? - It 's so remote . You don 't need to live in the hills now . You need to be on a river with fertile land , so you can trade . And you should send your cowman to Hereford . Hubert ! Whatever for ? Because all the cowman there , they died in the plague . Who keeps the cattle , then ? People who escaped from the towns , people who know nothing about cattle . But if they had someone to teach them , they could make enough beef and cheese for everyone in England . If we knew how many there were in England . Between here and Grimsby , 3,000 , that we know . My father made careful notes . - And kill your sheep . - What ? Oh , at least they will make the good eating . Well , they also provide the good wool . Oh , they have wool enough in the Cotswold Hills for everybody in England . But not enough milk or cheese . No wheat , no crops . Soon they will kill all the sheep for food . And then wander away , leaving little holes like you . We don 't do so badly for ourselves here , Agnes . - How do you get your iron ? - GREG : We don 't . So you can 't make tools ? Jack does his best repairing what we have , but we can 't make them , no . Is he blacksmith like Seth , the smith we met in Worcestershire ? He can make tools . But he is too busy trying to snare his rabbit and milk his goat . Such things he knows nothing . So he must come to Skagerund in Norway . And your Jack should come , too . Just what is this factory you have ? - It 's my father 's . It makes machines . - Makes them ? Grinds , mills , makes cog wheels . And we have power . The big dam . - Hydro-electric power . - Is that still working ? It only takes two men . Uh , it is all , um ... What do you say ? " Automatik . " Automatic . It generates electricity for our factory . All the power we need . - And what do you do for raw materials ? - Oh , iron ore . And some miners to get it for a little time . Until they died , too . - You still have the plague ? - We just have no food . You have food , between you all in England , more than you need . You can 't say that . You haven 't been everywhere . So you must trade . You must send food from Grimsby to Skagerund , up the fjord in your sailing ships . They are plenty in the east coast harbours . We can send you tractors , whatever you want . If we have engineers and metal workers to help us . That was my father 's idea . But it must start quickly before they let all the sheep die . Or the cows . They have no food in Skagerund . Just machines and electricity . Big , empty works that could do so much . - Ever thought of being a docker again ? - No fear . You have a very different job nowadays . What ? Running barges from Chepstow to Gloucester . Yeah . Greg told me all about it . Well , in the long run , it 'll be much more satisfying than anything you could do here . You can 't just close this place down , Charles . Oh , no , I know that . Send old Hubert to Hereford ? We 'll have them on our backs for life . Old Elsie sitting there , spinning away , no matter what . Daniella in that kitchen of hers . All the same , if we are to take any part at all in what 's happening in the world ... Do we want to take part ? I 've never considered myself a drop-out , Jack . We do have to help one another , don 't we ? There 'll be no growth , no expansion otherwise . Growth . Expansion . Never thought I 'd hear them words again . Only because we never thought they 'd be possible . Now that Norwegian has shown us how we can start trading . I 'd have thought the Norwegians would have traded with the Swedes , not us . Well , Bergen is much closer to England by sea than it is to Stockholm . We have to think in terms of waterways now . Roads , railways are obsolete . Oh , that was a great scheme her father had . And even though it 's not right for us , we can 't afford not to try it . There must be more accessible places to trade with than Norway . There 's the South Wales coalfields not far from here . Manufacturing plants as well as ships in Swansea . We might become an industrial nation ourselves one day . One day . There 's no evidence to prove that it 'll work with the Norwegians . - Agnes seems to think it will . - She 's just a kid . No , but if she 's right , they won 't wait for us . They 'll try Denmark again . Maybe the Swedes have managed to open up a link . It 's not good us going to them cap in hand if they 've managed to fix up a trading community without us . From here to Norway . Across the Cotswolds , on to the Fens , then up to Lincolnshire , then across the sea to Bergen . Food one end , industry the other . ( CHUCKLING ) Oh ! I don 't know . Well , maybe the chain 's already been broken . Maybe it never existed . But we have to find out . Feel our way along , link by link . You do want me to go to Chepstow , don 't you ? I want you to go to Norway . See Agnes home . - In the balloon ? - Yeah . As soon as they can get a westerly wind . And Jack thinks he can manage a balloon ? Well , he 's got Agnes to help him . If they get blown near any of those communities they spotted , they 're gonna land and establish some sort of communication back . They might never reach the east coast at all if they depend on the wind . Ah , they will eventually . - And then what ? Fly the North Sea ? - No , no . Agnes says there are still sailing boats in Grimsby . Fishermen . Who are prepared to take them ? Well , it 's in their interests , too . I mean , that 's the whole point . If each community provides something that someone else lacks , then we just make sure that no one goes under . Well , what have we got to provide that everybody else needs ? Well , I 'm afraid that 's why Agnes suggested that we should move somewhere else . And you said that nothing would happen to break the place up . Well , at least I 'll be with you wherever we go . There 's no need for you to be scared any more . And do you think Jack is really capable of getting the machine tool factory started again ? Well , I 'll brief him all I can . - How long will he be away ? - Could be a year . - As long as that ? - Yeah . But we 've have insisted that whenever they make contact with a community , they establish some sort of communications back here , it 'll be rider , a messenger . - Postal service ? - Yeah . Well , it 's imperative 'cause if the links break , the whole thing just collapses . - So there would always be news , then ? - Yes . Yes , of course . Even if you went , too , as I know you should ? - They 'll be wanting government next . - It 's bound to come one day . From Bergen , an Anglo-Norwegian assembly with houses of parliament ? I wonder who 'll be prime minister , Greg or Charlie ? That 's anyone 's guess . Exports , imports , trade . How long before they bring back money ? The breeze is still from the north . I can just see the wind pump from here . Yes . I know you can . They 've got the balloon up . Can I go for a ride , Lizzie and me ? No , you cannot . But I 'm sure Agnes and Greg need to practise . They will bring us back . - Go and bring in the washing . - Washing . Do as you 're told . Is there anything I can do ? - How do you mean ? - For the baby . I 'll like to , Jenny , while Greg 's away . I 'd really like to . Told you it would , didn 't I ? Will it stay in the west ? A day or two yet , I reckon . Don 't blame me if I 'm wrong and you all get blown into the sea , will you ? But I will ! Hubert 's never wrong about the weather . Then it 's time we take off . - Come round to the west at last , has it ? - Yeah . Just what we need . Communications , remember . Essential . I 'll remember . Good luck , Jack . Yeah . I 'm gonna need it the way that thing sways around . Soon as we get lift off , I 'm going to be airsick , so you just watch out below , hey ? - Is all the gear on board , then ? - Yes . Agnes says the wind 's just right . So we 'll float gently over the Severn and be safely in the Cotswolds by this evening . It 's tearing me apart , too , you know . - Aren 't you going to see them off ? - I said goodbye . I told Greg I 'd look after the communications between here and the Cotswolds . Maybe move down to the Wye . Choose the best land . Take it slowly . We have time to think it through now properly , we didn 't have before . Moving on ? Oh , just moving house . I think we should go in for cattle , not sheep . Hubert won 't like it , but that 's too bad . So he 's not to be sent to Hereford , then ? Hubert ? No , Hubert thinks of this place as home . Is he the only one ? Come on , we can wave to them at least .
