 Sam . Sam . Sam ! What 's the matter ? I was only outside . Something woke me . I thought I heard a train . Tom could never have got the railways going up here in Scotland as well . Well , if it was a train , Tom Walter 's train , Jenny might be on it . There is a railway , we saw it last night . I was out there just now . I 'd have heard it , wouldn 't I ? Yeah , I suppose so . Come on , I 'll get the horses . If we push it we might get to the first of them power stations today . - What 's the hurry ? - No point in hanging about . After we 've had some breakfast . Well ? Was it ? Well , it was a train , right enough , Mr McAlister , sir . Stopped at the tunnel , just this side of the loch . What are they doing ? ( CHUCKLES ) Broken down , I 'd say . There 's two of them walking along the track . This way ? Hey , there 's someone fishing over there . Do you think he can help ? It 's worth a try . Morning . My name 's Charles Vaughan . This is Jenny Richards . We 've come up from England on a train we got working . There are two more of us on it , including the driver . But it 's broken down . You don 't know of any machinery lying around where we could find one of these , do you ? What 's that ? It 's a brake connecting rod , but it 's broken . There 's a smithy up the glen . Maybe something can be made for you there . CHARLES : Whereabouts is that ? I wondered how long it would be before the English found their way here . What 's it like in the south ? One terrible graveyard , from what we 've heard . Well , it 's not so bad now . We 've even got a sort of government established . You have ? That 's an extraordinary thing to be wanting again , isn 't it ? What brings you to Scotland ? We 're looking for two friends . They 're riding up from Yorkshire . We may have passed them on the way or they may be ahead of us . We have to get this fixed first . Maybe Angus might make one up . Wee thing like that . We 'd better go and find him . Take the train driver with you so he 'll know what 's needed . - Just a minute . - Ah , Davey will see to it . Would you care to take a spot of luncheon with me out at the house , the pair of you ? - JENNY : Thank you very much . - My name 's McAlister . I 'm the laird round here . I 'm awfully sorry about the state of the roads . There just seems to be no one to keep them up these days . The English have the same problem . How many people are there round here ? Precious few . We lost nine out of 10 in the plague , an area where there weren 't more than a million and a half to start with . - That was a terrible loss . - It was worse in England . Well , you mostly live in cities down there . But up in the Highlands , well , the plague couldn 't spread much through the hills , and most of the isles weren 't affected by it . Even so , I 'd say that in the whole of Scotland north of the Tay , there can 't be more than , ooh , 150,000 people left alive at most . A hundred and fifty thousand ? Out of a million and a half . We don 't believe there are more than 10,000 left in England . Is that a fact , now ? JENNY : Is that your house ? MCALISTER : Yes , at least that 's still untouched . CHARLES : If your calculations are correct , Mr McAlister , this means that the Highlands of Scotland are now the most densely populated part of the whole country . MCALISTER : Makes a change , doesn 't it ? Whoa . Whoa . Well , here we are . Ah ! Hamish , um , take the trap down to the railway . There 's a train from England broken down on the line and these people have a couple of friends down there . I 'd like you to bring them up to the house . Do you want me to go down to the distillery today ? The stock 's getting low . Well , ask Davey first , huh ? Okay , off you go . Well , now , let 's go in , shall we , hmm ? That 's the trouble , you see . There 's no one to deliver any more . You even have to fetch your own whisky . Where from ? Oh , there 's several big distilleries in the neighbourhood . But don 't they get looted ? Oh , if we have any trouble like that , I soon hear who it is and give them a good telling off . Is that sufficient ? Well , it 's a bold man who defies the laird . Uh , Barbara , um , Mrs Crombie ... There 's at least two extra for lunch . There 's a couple of fish downstairs you can poach for us . Well , it 'll be a wee while before you can have it . Don 't be too long , now . From what they 've been saying , I doubt if they 've had a square meal for months . I can see that . Now , would you like to see over the house ? ( CLOCK CHIMING ) Oh , it 's magnificent . The state it 's got into . Just can 't get the staff . Now , would you like a wash before lunch and a change of clothes , maybe ? You 're welcome to anything of my wife 's , Miss Richards . God rest her soul , she 'd only have been too happy to have given you the freedom of her wardrobe . That 's very kind . You can have a bath , if you wish , there 's plenty of hot water . Plenty of everything , it seems . We could do with electricity , though . CHARLES : Really ? Do you know , if you want a new suit of clothes these days , you 've got to find some good woman to weave the cloth for you on a handloom and another to make it up for you ? If we could get the tweed mills going again or perhaps even the distilleries . JENNY : For whisky ? To distil a spirit to drive cars on . CHARLES : That 's an expensive kind of petrol . It was only the tax that made whisky expensive . And I doubt if the government of poor , unhappy England is going to start taxing us again . Not that we can think about things like that until we get the power stations operating . Have you tried to ? There 's one at Loch Mannoch not 20 miles away . I couldn 't get anything to work there . Maybe there 's an expert in England who can help us . Maybe that 's something we can talk about . Yes , we will . Hey . Guess what I 've found ? - A set of master keys . - Where 'd you find these ? Weren 't you surprised the gate was open ? At all the others , we 've had to climb in . So what ? The poor devil was trying to shut the place down when he collapsed . He 's in the battery room , what 's left of him . Poor blighter . Which are the power lines we want ? Well , that 's the one to the south . And ... that 's the one that feeds it in . - Have you isolated the others ? - Not quite . Still Glasgow to do yet . We 'd better turn that off , all right . Which is it ? It 's outside . It 's labelled Windyhill . Are you sure you can do it ? You 've shown me enough times . Okay , Sam , but take care . There 's no juice flowing yet . Hey ! This one 's already ... ( WHIRRING ) Right . How far to the next switching station ? This is the last one . All we have to do now is follow the line to the power station itself . And switch on . It 's not going to be quite that easy . If we 've isolated every other line , except the route we want ... If we have . If we 've missed one line feeding an industrial area that 's still plugged in ... All our work 's wasted . You 've missed nothing . Come on . We might get to that power station tonight . - Thanks , Hamish . Cheerio . - Right , then . - Hello , Hubert . - Hello . Where 's Tom ? Oh , he 's still mending the engine . How long will it take ? Here , that 's a dress you 're wearing ! You shouldn 't have left him , Hubert . Oh , he 's got the blacksmith with him . Take him a couple of days , they told me to tell you . Days ? Where 'd you get that new frock from ? You 've done something queer to your hair . I 've washed it . And you 'd better wash , too . - Eh ? - Before you meet the laird . The what ? Don 't forget to wipe your boots before you come in . I thought there was supposed to be two of you left on the railway . Oh , I expect Tom 's still there . Hmm . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm surprised the train 's much use to you now anyway , if it 's Loch Mannoch you want . The railway doesn 't go there . ( DOOR OPENS ) Ah , here you are . Oh , Miss Richards . If only my wife could see you in that dress . Jenny . Uh , I 've put Hubert in the bathroom . Tom 's still working on the train with the blacksmith . It 's a bigger job than they thought . Ah . Oh , well , we 're going to have to leave it today , anyway and walk to Loch Mannoch tomorrow . We 've no horses . Oh , but your friends have . They 're off to Loch Mannoch now . Alec and Sam ? Have you seen them ? Well , round here , shepherds watch more than their flocks . According to my housekeeper , they 're following the pylons . - Won 't you sit down ? - Thank you . - Do let me get you a dram . - Thank you very much . Is , uh ... Is one of them an engineer ? Alec Campbell used to work for the Electricity Generating Board . I wasn 't going to keep it from you , Mr McAlister . Alec Campbell . Hmm . Well , it sounds to me that he might be a Scot . And who might you be ? Oh . I 'm Hubert . I 'm with the others . Well , they 're with the laird in the sitting room upstairs . I suppose you 'll be wanting to join them ? Oh , I don 't suppose they want me with them up there . In that case , you can make yourself useful about the place . You can bring me in some logs from Hamish 's shed . Come on and I 'll show you where it is . Alec left Scotland years ago . For a better-paid job down south , eh ? He came to regret it . So now he 's come home to provide his people with electric power , hmm ? To provide all of us , I hope . Can he really get a power station going ? I hope so . Remains to be seen . How can it be supplied down to England ? It must surely branch off into so many different cities . Alec shut them all off for the moment . He called at every substation on the way . Making sure that it 's only the south that gets it , hmm ? If we 'd known there are 150,000 people left up here ... As it was , I stupidly thought there 'd be no one at all left here now . Oh , we live well . We 've peat for our fires , trout and salmon in the rivers . And our oatcake 's more nourishing than bread , anyhow . We 've all the wood we want . Game , cattle , sheep , fruit farms . And now , perhaps electricity . If we are allowed to keep it . There 's more than enough hydroelectric power locked up in Scotland to provide for your needs and for those of the English . I dare say . But I suggest that tomorrow we all ride over to Loch Mannoch and see for ourselves just what this Mr Campbell is capable of . Do you agree ? Is that the power station ? No , that 's the shaft that lets down to the tunnel that carries the water . The power station 's way down there in the valley . Why did we come up here , then ? To see where it all begins . Check the reservoir 's full . That 's what it needs to start with . Water , the elixir of life . You see , coal and oil will run out in time , but not the rainfall . It 's the only kind of energy we should ever use . Because it 's there for everyone . For all time . Free as air . SAM : It comes down there ? It will , when we 've turned on the tap down there . SAM : Let 's go . It 's open . Someone 's forced the lock . Let 's have a look at the control room . I broke in about a year ago . There used to be a host of electronic devices and alarm systems to keep out intruders . But they 'd all run down since the plague . Not that I could get anything working . Pulled a few switches , but nothing went on . Except the lights . ALEC : The blithering idiot . The engineers leave the place immaculate then crawl away to die . Everything in good order , everything closed down . And some bumbling amateur breaks in and leaves the lights on . Not just the lights , either . Lead line , that 's all right . How do they work if there 's no electricity ? Battery , stickhead . Like at the substation . All these controls are powered by batteries . And they might just have lasted if that fool hadn 't played around . So it 's no good , after all ? I 'll have to start it by hand . What ? We 'll have to start it by hand . Once we 're generating , the batteries will recharge themselves automatically . But first we turn on the tap . SAM : What kind of tap ? It 's called the inlet valve control . Here it is . Sam . Complete with instructions . See what 's down that grating over there . What do you expect there to be ? A ruddy great piston , I hope . Tell me when it moves . Right . Now we open the guide veins . But first , check the oil . Seems to be enough . But I don 't like the feel of it . Get me a spanner so I can get this panel off . Where do I find a spanner ? There 's bound to be a workshop . Look around . Just a minute . For future reference , you jack up the turbine to allow the oil to lubricate the bearings before starting up . Okay ? - Mmm-hmm . - Get me a spanner . This do ? ( CHUCKLING ) You thickhead ! Couldn 't find anything smaller . Well , it 's all right anyway . I think it was just a bit of grit on the dipstick . Is oil so important ? And you expect to be an engineer ? Without oil , the bearings in the turbine would smash from overheating . Uh-huh . Is this to do with oil ? Don 't touch that ! That 's the tap that drains the oil when you have to change it . - Okay ? - Uh-huh . ( SIGHS ) Come on . What are you doing now ? Trying to open the veins in the turbine so the water can turn them . Oil again , it has to be equalised . Right . Try that wheel now . Clockwise ! Yeah . ( WATER GUSHING ) ( TURBINE STARTING ) Are we making electricity ? Not yet . Why ? If the turbine 's going . Just check the field switch . Check the field switch and we 'll be almost there . What else ? Well , before closing the field switch we 've got to close the circuit breakers outside which gets the current onto the power lines . Okay ? Come on . This is a field switch . Oh , blast ! The handle 's missing . Handle ? Yeah , it sits in there . Must be about here somewhere . Are you saying the whole thing depends now on turning that thing ? We can 't get any juice until we do . The turbine won 't activate the generator until that switch is closed . - So if it couldn 't be closed ... - What ? ... the whole power station would be useless . There it is . Come on , out of the way . Hold on . We 've got a power line running all the way down to the south , right ? If we 've isolated everything else . And back in Derbyshire you even connected the local supply . So once you turn that thing and close the circuit breakers outside , well , think what Charles 's friends might see . A light coming on , an electric fire . What I 'm worried about is too much coming on . It 's enough if only one machine starts . No , that 'd trip the circuit . Ah , but if people see it , they 'll know we 've done it . That electric power is possible again . It is . They 'll get all the power stations going after that . If that 's what they want , it is possible . Are you going to work in a factory once you 've turned on ? No , you 're going to get the hell out . Up to the hills , to a croft with a flock of sheep in your beloved Highlands . Just because the power is of no good to me ... - You 're not going to deny it to others . - Right . Not for you to consider the implications . That 's for politicians . You 're just the engineer . Right again . Bombs are dropped because of that excuse , and gas chambers built . Are you comparing electricity to that ? " Elixir of life " ? As if it mattered to the man on the factory bench where the current comes from . It may be clean up here but it 's dirty enough in the steelworks , I 'll tell you . Sam , if people want steel again ... You should stop them having it . People have learnt to be self-sufficient . Give them electricity , get industry going , and they depend for their livelihood on something they have no control over . - You make them slaves . - Rubbish . Slaves ! To whoever it is that owns the power . But they can hold it themselves . All they have to do is train up a few technicians , like you , to handle the plant and it 's free to all . Someone has to be trusted with this switch . And who can you trust ? Sam , for three weeks we 've been slogging our way up north here . Why wait till now to cook all this up ? Because if I 'd told you earlier you 'd never have let me in here . And I had to see how it all worked before I knew what I had to destroy . You 're not destroying anything in here , Sam . Come on . The field switch . Then on to the next dam , do the same there . If we keep one step ahead of whoever was on that train from the south we can destroy the whole lot before Greg , Charles or anyone else can stop us . Let people make their own electricity , with water wheels , windmills . As long as it 's their own , they 're still free . But put men back on the assembly line ... - Oh , come on ! - Oh , for Pete 's sake ! Look what the last Industrial Revolution led to . It could only be stopped by a plague that wiped out almost all mankind . You can 't want to start it up again . You 're crazy . And you 're so sane . You 'd have made an atom bomb , wouldn 't you ? ( ALEC GRUNTS ) ( SAM CHUCKLES ) You 're gonna have a rotten headache . ( SPANNER CLANKS ON FLOOR ) Whoa . It 's working . You hear ? JENNY : Alec ? Alec ? It 's Jenny . Alec , are you there ? Alec ? It 's Jenny . Alec ? Are you there ? He doesn 't seem to be around . Look outside , Hubert . McALISTER : Well , he seems to have got it going again , whoever he is . - It 's spinning like a top . - Aye . The turbine , aye . But is it generating ? ( CHARLES CHUCKLES ) ( CHARLES GRUNTS ) Now , what the hell kind of a nut did that fit ? Tell me , Mr Vaughan . This government you have set up in England . Has it any real authority ? Well , we hope so . We published a proclamation . We got one representative from every known community to form a council . They 're deliberating now , trying to hammer out some form of constitution . Who heads this government ? One Greg Preston . It was Greg who united all the communities . We owe him a lot . - No sign ? - No . I 've looked everywhere . And are you here now as this Mr Preston 's ambassador ? JENNY : No . We 're just here to catch up with Sam and Alec . Who sent them ? I mean , are they here officially or to claim our electricity for your government ? Your electricity ? CHARLES : We 're not going to start all that again , are we ? McALISTER : It comes from our hills , our rivers . Your rain falling on our land . Did the Scots build the dams ? Did they build these machines ? - Yes , I 'm sure they did . - CHARLES : Oh , using their own money , no investment from the rest of the country ? Now , you question my right to speak for the English . Well , I question yours to claim these power stations for Scotland . God Almighty , man . There are few enough of us surviving without bringing nationalism into it . Few enough in England , maybe . You 're arguing about ownership and we don 't even know if it 's working yet . I found their horses tied up by the pipeline . Well , they can 't be far away . There 's a crofter across the river . I 'll see if he 's seen ' em . ( JENNY SCREAMS ) ALEC : Charles . Help me get this off . Alec , what happened ? Oh , God . Thank you . - I feel sick . - What are you doing down there ? Where 's Sam ? ( SIGHS ) Sam ? Ah ... Oh , yes . How are you feeling now ? - Very groggy . - I 'll go look for the other fellow . - You did say the horses are still there ? - Yes . So he 's not ridden off , then . Ridden off ? What , leaving you down that hole ? He didnae know I was down there , Jenny . Grating was over the hole . Oh , Sam had been down there earlier . He probably put it back to stop either of us falling down , then went out to look for me . I 'll find him . ( CHARLES SIGHS ) Anyway , you 've got one of the turbines going . Congratulations . ( LAUGHS ) I can get them both going , but it won 't do any good . You sure ? Of course I 'm sure , Charles . Look , everything 's dead . We 've got no hydroelectric power . Good day to you , Rob . Seen any strangers about ? Look , Charles , I 'll prove it to you . You pull down the handle on that field switch when I tell you , okay ? Jenny , you come with me . This is the uniflow , Jenny . When you see that needle move on that dial , you know we 've got power , okay ? CHARLES : Where are you going ? To close the circuit breakers outside . ( LEVER CLANGS ) They 're registering . What 's he on about ? Go on , Charles . Close it . - What happened ? - Well , it all went off , like he said . Well , where 's your power now ? Look , I know very little about it . But if ... If one of the lines to a big city is still connected and there 's an entire factory still switched on ... You get trip-out . Too much load . Maybe that is the explanation . But it could be anywhere between here and Derby . Well , it will take time to find it , but we must try . Go all the way back ? Checking every switch out again ? I tell you , the whole idea 's absurd . Forget it . Is that why your friend knocked you out ? Because you said it was absurd ? I fell . The grating was off . It was an accident . Rob has a croft across the river . He came in here to see what you were up to . Saw you laid out on the floor and your friend with a spanner in his hand . - JENNY : Oh ! - And if there were two horses up at the pipeline a few minutes ago , - there 's only one there now . - Huh ? Where do you think he 's off to , Mr Campbell ? Why are you protecting him ? Pretending you fell ? What did he do it for ? Could you check my saddlebags , Hubert , and see if my papers and maps are all there ? There 's no saddlebag on that horse by the pipeline . Maps of what ? Of where all the other stations are . Sam wants them all destroyed . I should think he 's heading for Dunlarig . That 's the nearest , isn 't it ? Go after him . Take that horse out there . Up the clearing , bear left past the reservoir . All right , guvnor . And you , Rob , take your gun and stand guard outside in case he comes back . Where are you going ? You may have a government in England , but here in Scotland , we protect our own ! We 'll have men posted at every power station in the Highlands by night . If we get this turbine going as well , we double the amount of power . I 've told you it will make no difference . If a city like Manchester is still connected , the overload to the generator will break the circuit . Well , we don 't know how much is switched on , then . It could be very little . Just to break the circuit , if one machine is sharing the load between the two , is that what you think ? - Aye . - Well , it won 't work . I think you 're holding out on us . I would have told you about Sam in the end . Left it late enough as it was . Did you want him to destroy it all , Alec ? Not until I was coming to down in that pit to hear Charles and the laird arguing about who it all belonged to . If that 's how it 's going to be , it 's maybe better that nobody has it . Is that why you 're being so uncooperative now ? Come on ! Get this turbine going . Hey , Sam ! What are you up to ? ( DOOR CLOSES ) Sam ! You open this door . What are you doing in there with that log ? ( BANGING ON DOOR ) Sam ! What is this place ? What are you doing ? ( FOOTSTEPS RUNNING UP STAIRS ) - Any luck ? - No . Cut out at once . ( CHARLES PANTING ) Alec . These circuit breakers at the substation , did you let Sam isolate them ? Oh , once or twice . ( SHOUTING ) Well , which ones ? I can 't remember . Now , what gives you or Sam the right to decide whether the world should have electricity or not ? Hey ! Sam 's up on the lake up there . He 's gone round the twist , if you ask me . - What 's he doing ? - Well , you know that pier thing with the house perched on the end ? Well , he 's locked himself in . Got a ruddy great tree trunk in there with him . - ALEC : What ? - Yeah . I saw him dragging it along the pier and in through the door . Get over there , Charles . Force your way in and close the inlet valve . Go on ! Why ? What 's happening ? If Sam 's dropped a tree trunk down the shaft , it will get into the tunnel , and if it reaches the top of that pipeline there , it will plunge all the way down to the turbine veins . There was provision to stop anything like this happening in the old days , not that it would have mattered very much in those days . - Smashing the turbines ? - Well , we could get parts in those days . At least you 're not siding with Sam now . At least I 'm not going to let him smash it . Come on , we 'll close down the turbine and I 'll get over to the reservoir . - ALEC : You in there , Charles ? - Aye . No sign of him ? No . The door was open when I got here . And what about this tree trunk ? CHARLES : ( GRUNTS ) Presumably down there . How long will it take to drain the water ? Oh , about an hour or so . The tunnel 's only a mile long . - CHARLES : Well , then what ? - Well ... Well , we 'd better spend time , uh , looking for Sam . ( CHARLES SIGHS ) ( PANTING ) Well , what then , when the tunnel 's drained ? I 'll walk along the tunnel until I find the log , if it hasn 't reached the pipeline by then . Here 's Sam 's horse . I found it tethered in the quarry , as if he didn 't want us to find it . So he 's still round here , then . - HUBERT : I suppose so . - I wonder why ? Now , what 's he gone and locked himself in there for ? Alec ? Alec ? Well , I suppose he could always open the door if he wants to come out . Thanks . CHARLES : Hubert ! - What is it ? - Come here . That log in the water down there . Is that what you thought he 'd put into the shaft ? Alec ! Can you hear me ? ( CHARLES GRUNTS ) I think Sam 's in there . I think it 's a trap . Go get that log . ( SHOUTING ) What are you doing , Sam ? Sam ! ( MACHINE WHIRRING ) Are you opening that gate ? Listen ! You 'll kill Alec , and yourself ! That tunnel 's full of air , Sam ! If you let the water rush in , it 'll compress and blow back . It 'll blow everything sky high ! ( MEN GRUNTING ) ( DOOR THUDDING ) ALEC : I 'm the only one who can make the machines work , so why not just get rid of me , eh ? ( MEN GRUNTING ) - CHARLES : Hubert ! Stop him ! - Oi ! Oi ! Hey , where do you think you 're going ? Get off that horse . Whoa . I 'm putting you in charge here , Davey . When that saboteur finds out that he can 't get through to the other stations , he may well come back and have another go . So , keep a sharp lookout and shoot on sight . Is Mr Campbell recovered from that blow on the head yet ? HUBERT : Yeah . He 's now down at the substation with Jenny . ( SWITCH CLANKS ) It was just as I thought . I told Sam to break it and he did the opposite . You see , it makes the same noise whether you open it or close it . - That 's why I didn 't realise . - So it was all going to waste . - Will it work now ? - Well , it should do , once I 've closed the circuit breakers back at the power house . It was the only one I let Sam touch . What are you going to do when we have it switched on ? Go back to Greg Preston ? No . I can 't do that . Greg 's dead . Don 't touch things , Hubert . Well , nothing works , anyway . It will once the batteries are charged up . ( TURBINES WHIRRING ) And everything can be operated from this desk . Everything . Even the switching stations . Well , that 's the trouble . In the end , it all rests on the man who 's sitting in this chair . I doubt if you mean to sit in that chair for the rest of your life , Mr Vaughan . Even if you could somehow control it , the power goes out from half a dozen cables just out there . We could cut through those anytime we like . Hold everyone to ransom ? How could you afford a ransom in England ? We 'll soon have industry going again with electricity . - Steel ? - Eventually . I 'll make a list of all the things we could do within Scotland . I 'm sure we 'll come to terms in the end , Mr Vaughan . Now , what 's happened to Mr Campbell ? We can 't afford to lose him . I don 't have to switch on , Jenny . You know , I have half a mind to let them do without it . They need it , Alec . Do you ? When you were up at the reservoir just now , and it looked as if Sam was going to destroy everything after all , I suddenly felt quite relieved . If we were going back to just making do again , I thought , " There 'd be no nicer place for it than this . " There 's not . Bring the children up here , Jenny . We can go back to Killin , where I was born , have our own farm . Be happy , be safe , be free . To rise at dawn and go to bed at dusk . You 've just said it . It 's easy enough to make the best of things when there 's no choice , Alec . But we do have a choice . You have the skill and the knowledge to give back so much of what we 've all lost . Think what electricity means . Oh , Sam told me what that meant . I want the children to have everything that I had once . Let 's have power again , Alec . Please . Then you 'll go back with Charles and Tom Walter ? Yes . But you 've just told me if I can 't get this power going again , you 'd be happy to live up here with me . Please , Alec . ( TURBINES WHIRRING LOUDLY ) - Everything ready ? - Yes , we hope so . Alec 's just closing the circuit breakers . DAVEY : Who 's in there ? Oh , it 's you , Mr Campbell . I found a horse wandering about outside . Could that be your friend 's ? Maybe . But if it 's Sam 's , he 's too late . Let there be light . So you 'd like me to come to England and talk it over with your government , would you ? Of course . But we didn 't come to steal it , just to get it working . Why don 't all of you come up here to see us ? You see , I 'm not prepared to be your Secretary of State for Scotland , Mr Vaughan . But I am willing to make you my Secretary of State for England . Look , tell me , Mr Campbell , what are your plans now ? Get out for good and leave you both to it , I should think . But you 're the only one who knows how the system works . So I 'll have to stay , won 't I ? Only till you 've trained some others to take your place . I could find plenty of intelligent young men for that . No . I will find them myself , and they will be responsible only to me . And I will be answerable to no one . Not to you , McAlister , or to you , Charles Vaughan . And if you don 't like that , just remember , with very little effort , I can close this place down in such a way that you 'll never get it started again . That 's why it has to be me who stays here , because there 's nobody else I can trust . I 'm only sorry about one thing . That I have to stay here alone . ( ALARM RINGING ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) What 's happening ? Are we going to blow up ? The machine makes provisions for people like you . A safety valve operates . That 's what that is ! Come here , you ! ( SAM SCREAMING ) We 'll meet again , Mr Vaughan ? Of course . And whenever you choose . Whenever Mr Campbell chooses , I imagine , we seem to be in his hands now . - Oh , he 's a good man . - And a good Scot . ( SCOFFS ) After 15 years in England , he 's no more Scots than I am . For all that , he 's no more English than I am . ( LAUGHS ) Well , we must both remember that . - Goodbye , Mr McAlister . - Goodbye . Have a safe journey . I hope your train doesn 't let you down again . There 'll be electric trains soon , all mod cons . - Thank you for your hospitality . - Thank you . ( DAVEY CLICKS TONGUE ) And thank you for bringing Alec Campbell .
