 Chick , chick , chick . ( WHEEZING ) Chick , chick , chick , chick . Please , please ! Nobody is trying to take away any form of independence from anyone . I don 't see what else it adds up to . The suggestion was made by Greg for exactly the opposite reason . If we can agree this defensive side of our association , it 'll give your independence a greater strength , all of you , because it 's strength in depth , defence in depth . Don 't blame us for being wary , suspicious even . You 're pushing us into something here . Now , you may be an absolute paragon , but we hardly know each other . We 've met for the first time today . You only asked us here to talk , didn 't you ? None of us can make decisions , can we ? Well , I know I can 't . I was just told to listen and report to my people . We all know our communities are near each other . We all know we have mutual needs , some of which we 've discussed already . Defence maybe ... There 's no " maybe " about it . I do wish you 'd let me finish . May I ? You 're asking for a complete list of every weapon , and the number and type of ammunition held by each community represented here today . And does that give you a problem ? It gives you a breakdown of our strengths and weaknesses . That could be a problem . Well , it doesn 't only mean you can march in and take us over because you 've got machine guns and we 've only a shotgun and one pitchfork . It gives you greater bargaining power in trading . You can hold us to ransom if we 've only a shotgun and no cartridges to go with it . Look , who the hell wants someone else 's problems ? We 've all got enough of our own , haven 't we ? And if some little Napoleon comes marching in on a takeover bid , it won 't be one of us , it 'll be someone from the east . And if he thinks he 's gonna get something out of it , he 's an idiot . It 's this feeling , this distrust and suspicion , we 're trying to get rid of . And one way is by telling each other exactly what we have and don 't have . - Could I make a point ? - CHARLES : Yes , of course . Well , it follows on . We 'll soon have to make our own ammunition , and obviously a certain amount of standardisation must happen , mustn 't it ? How ? Well , obviously , we can 't all make different sorts . How do we make ammunition ? - Well , we 'll just have to . - What with ? Even if we reuse the shells , how do we make cordite ? Gunpowder ? We need sulphur for a start . Where do we get sulphur ? CHARLES : Well , we 'll have to look , won 't we ? This paper 's a doomsday-type account of our settlement . Professions , land , crops , equipment , transport and animals . Now , at the bottom of it , you 'll see our firearms list . - Charles , would you ? - Yes . We have two 12-bores and 22 cartridges . Three .22s and six bullets . 52 rounds of .303 , but no rifles to go with them . And that 's our total armoury . And it 's a bit much for you to go on about pitchforks when you 've got an armoured car stashed away in your barn . - An armoured car ? Have you ? - I might have . Well , well , well . I thought you said such information was supposed to allay fear and suspicion . It seems to me it had the opposite effect . Perhaps there 'd be less alarm if they also knew that you only had two shells to go with it . - How would you know that ? - I made it my business to find out . Not much point in asking us to fill in this list . You can do it for us . All right , all right . We 've made good progress in some matters . There 's no point in letting a disagreement ruin the conference . Now , will you please think about it ? Talk about it when you get home to your people . Maybe next time , we 'll get a little further . If and when we meet again , could I suggest that we have only one representative from each community ? Yes . Yes , that 's reasonable . Now ... Medicine . We have a doctor . - A doctor ? - Well , she 's a medical student . She did four years . She 's very good at her job . At the moment , she 's in ... Where ? Barking , doing an appendix . - A surgeon , too ? - Well , she does what she can . Or has to . And she also helps here with the day-to-day things . Now , we can 't really afford to lose her , but we 'd like to suggest that she visits you once a month . It 's a free service . As free as the National Health ? I think we 'd all accept that offer gratefully . Yes . Yes , we would . CHARLES : Good . - Right . Now , communications . - I thought we discussed that already . We discussed the difficulty of your getting here . I mean , it 's a two-day journey for Morris . Now , obviously , regular meetings like today 's would be beneficial ... Would they ? ... if perhaps impractical to arrange at short notice . If required . With a little bit of jiggery-pokery , we 've managed to come up with a primitive but workable telephone system . Well , how have you managed that ? It would take a bit of time to explain , but basically we used power generated from our windmill . Is this another free service ? Well , we 've scavenged all the equipment , that costs nothing . And , initially , we can supply the power . We haven 't thought of any charge . But obviously on the debit side , it 's gonna take up a lot of man-hours to install . - And that involves our people ? - GREG : I 'm afraid so , yeah . All the labour will have to be supplied by the community concerned . Well , it 's a pity you didn 't think of this idea earlier . Well , we do have other things to do . Yes , I know . I do wish you wouldn 't get so upset . I was about to say we all have other things to do . I don 't see how we could spare the men to do the spadework for you . The spadework 's not for us . It 's for everyone ! It 's a social service ! A link for messages , medicine , warnings , advice ... Even just for talking to each other . One of the topics we 're due to discuss is the question of movement between communities . Not just our doctor or your blacksmith , but movement of young people . Permanent movement . The pairing off of young couples . - It could also be an intrusion . - GREG : In what way ? We ... I mean my community ... I don 't want people , outsiders , sticking their nose into our affairs . Or involving us in theirs . I think we all want to be tightly knit . Undisturbed . Separate . Except when you need help . I did say it " could " be an intrusion . I think my lot would accept the idea of a telephone link , but , like our friend here , it does have difficulties . Things are tiresome for us at the moment . I 'm only here because of this . Well , don 't think it 's any different for us . I mean , if we don 't drain the land up there , we 'll lose it this year . A third of our force is away getting salt . I 'd say it 's an indulgence we can 't afford . Still , I take it the idea has some appeal to you in some aspects , hmm ? - Yes . - So we 'll discuss it at a later time . Exactly . CHARLES : Now then , Greg has news of a ... Rumours of an outbreak of foot and mouth disease north of here . - A rumour ? - GREG : Last Thursday ... Sorry to interrupt , but someone 's just arrived from Millbrook for Mr Roberts . Oh , that 's me . Excuse me . - It 's his wife . - What 's she want ? No , she 's dead . - She was shot . - Shot ? Betty ? That young thing ? She couldn 't have been more than 18 . Better take him back . It 's a bit late to start tonight . I 'll take him back in the morning . - Kids fooling about with a gun ? - No , it wasn 't an accident . She was murdered . I better come with you in that case . It happened the night before last . Too late . They 'll have lynched him by now . I don 't think it was anybody at Millbrook . - Not from what he said . - What did he say ? Whoever did it took three chickens . They didn 't find her until next morning , and by then it was too late to look - for anyone . - Now just a minute . - The same thing happened at Winnersh . - What ? The same thing happened there . Of course , we only got it second-hand from somebody who was passing through at the time . But it was two weeks ago . A young girl , too . And all he did was take some food . - Winnersh near Addlestone ? - That 's right . But that 's ... That 's about 40 miles from Roberts ' place . About that . Could it be the same man ? It could be . I 'm sorry . I have to go . Yes , of course . We understand . Look , uh , it 's a bit late for you to leave right now , but if it 's all right with you , Greg and I will come with you - at first light tomorrow . - Yes , yes . Well , there 's ... There 's not much point in ... ( CLEARING THROAT ) I 'd like to thank you all for coming . No doubt , you 'll all want to get away . But if you 'd like to stay tonight , you 're welcome . There 's just one thing . I 'd like to suggest that we meet again as soon as possible . - Maybe . We 'll see . - No matter how busy we are . - CHARLES : Is this where it happened ? - Yes . My wife looks after ... The chickens were her responsibility . - And they found her ... - Where this sack is . I see . - Was that hole in that window before ? - No , apparently the bullet did that . After ... How tall was she ? - Mmm ? - How tall was your wife ? Oh . About so . About five feet . It could be anywhere along that hedge . Greg , come here a second . I think this is where the bullet came out . Well , can you line it up through that hole in the window ? Uh , yes . - What do you get ? - A tree with a split trunk . - What are we looking for ? - Well , a spent bullet case . At least we 'll know what sort of rifle he 's using . Greg . .303 . Well , that 's something . No , no ! It 's all right . It 's just that our friend left a few impressions on the muddy bits . There doesn 't seem to be the same sort of pressure there . Irregular . Some sort of boot . Slightly smaller than mine , I 'd say . He 's a cripple . GREG : From the prints , it 's the left leg . He seems to walk on the toes of the left foot . CHARLES : Here you are . I 've made a rough sketch . Ooh , I wish I could have some new specs . You think he might be limping in this direction ? Well , it 's possible . Got to assume he is . We can 't afford to take any chances . How many shootings did you say , Greg ? Eight ? - Mmm-hmm . - In five months ? Yeah , from what we can judge , and from what we 've been told . And from what other settlements have been reported . - So what do we do ? - Well , we get ready for him . - How ? - Greg and I think there is a pattern . The impression is that the sniper makes a selection of his target . - How do you know that ? - Every victim has been a young girl . And he seems to stay in each area for a couple of days beforehand . Probably just watching . - And no one 's seen him ? - They haven 't actually seen him . No , none of the settlements have been visited by strangers , let alone a stranger with a limp . So , he 's working on his own . He has no accomplice . Well , no evidence of one . Seems to be very much on his own . He usually kills with a .303 . Usually from a range of 200-300 yards . Usually from a wooded area . - And all the victims are young girls ? - Yes . - Is there any signs of ... - No , no , no , nothing like that . - Well then , what 's his motive ? - We don 't know . Usually takes a little food , if that 's a motive . There 's a minimum of 10 days between incidents . The victim is always shot away from the main settlement . Just before dark , usually , which I suppose enables him to scuttle away unnoticed . There 's another connection , which Greg will show you on the map . Yeah , I marked the eight murder spots , ending up at the Roberts ' settlement here . Now , the distance between them varies , sometimes it 's as little as 20 miles , - sometimes it 's as much as 60 . - 60 ? But if he 's a cripple , 60 ? Yeah , but there 's one thing in common . There 's an old Roman road there which became the medieval cross-ridge . Now , all these incidents have happened either just on or off this road , moving from east to west . And with a rough time and distance calculation , well , any one of three settlements could be in danger any time now . So , let 's talk to the others . Left , right , left , right , left , right , halt ! Morning , soldiers . Off to the wars ? We 're putting them away for Greg . He 's in your house , busy . Can I have a look ? It 's all right . Greg took out the bullets . Watch . For inspection , port arms ! - That 's lovely . What 's it for ? - Arthur showed us . They used to do it in the Army . You look down it now . It 's all right . It can 't go off while I 've got my thumb here . You look down the barrel and says it 's clean . There 's nothing there . Hmm . Well , it 's not clean . And you 've got a very dirty thumb . Is Greg with Charlie ? Yes , everybody 's there except Jenny . Greg told us to tell her to come . Right . Carry on ! You can 't win , can you ? I wish they 'd teach me to shoot with this . Why ? Greg and Charles do all the shooting . You 're a girl . You wouldn 't understand . I want to do all the things men do , not what girls do . - I 've seen Jenny shoot a gun . - Yes , but she fell over . I wish I could shoot something . - I know where they keep the bullets . - Where ? - Where are they ? - I 'm not going to tell you . I don 't want to use them . I just want to know where they are ! - Something came out . - What ? I don 't know . A bullet . - It 's not a bullet . - What , then ? I don 't know . Could be useful for something , I suppose . Now , you know you don 't point guns at people . It 's dangerous . - Greg asked us to bring it in . - He 's gone off with Charles . He said would you go to Charles ' house ? Yeah , all right . Now , if you 've got nothing else to do , then go and tidy up the other room . Get rid of all the dust and the cobwebs . - You can 't do that . - Why not ? The spiders won 't have anywhere to go . I don 't want the spiders to have anywhere to go . - I don 't like spiders . - Why not ? I don 't like spiders . Hubert says it 's bad luck to kill spiders . He says you can tell what the weather is going to be like from them . There 's one . Oh , very funny . Now , off you go and tidy the other room . And both of you can look after the baby . And don 't make a noise and wake him up . Most of the restrictions apply just to the women for obvious reasons . Never move outside alone at any time . Always in pairs . I 'm afraid we 'll have to have a curfew for you one hour before sunset . We 'll ring a bell to bring you in . - Just the women ? - Yes . We 'll have to make up the work they can 't do . We 'd also like the women to wear men 's clothes and reduce their feminine profiles as much as possible . Arthur was complaining last week we were all beginning to look like each other in any case . Well , it might reduce somebody 's chances of the sniper getting them . What about our hair ? Either keep it as short as possible or wear a hat . Can 't guarantee anything , but it might help . - Can we do anything to keep him away ? - Well , there 's not much we can do . Do you think you know the direction in which he 'll come ? During the day , all the other settlements are gonna have a watch kept on the road . - What about at night ? - Well , we can do even less . We 're gonna lay out a sort of sand trap so that if he moves into our area , at least we 'll have his prints . Happy thought . It sounds silly , but something 's been worrying me - ever since Mr Roberts ' wife was killed . - And what 's that ? Well , just that this person , this sniper or whatever , - it could be Vic . - Vic ? He died in the fire . Did he ? You only found his wheelchair . What if he didn 't ? What if he was left crippled and helpless for a second time ? It could have ... You know what he was like at the quarry . He tried to kill you then . He tried to kill Anne Tranter when she turned up . And you think these young girls could be his revenge for her ? Or us . Perhaps it 's us he 's looking for . - What do you think , Greg ? - Well , it 's possible . It 's hardly likely . But you wouldn 't rule it out completely ? Well , I would . How 's he been getting around ? I set his broken legs , I know how badly I did it . He couldn 't move without that wheelchair . - His leg muscles are wasted . Atrophied . - Well , he got by in the quarry . He 's got the resourcefulness and the cunning . And a reason . Well , it adds another dimension , however unwelcome . All the other settlements have promised to help and send out messages if there 's anything to report . All we have to do is watch and wait . Greg ! Charles ! Down there ! Down there ! ( BOTH URGING HORSES ) CHARLES : Whoa , whoa , whoa . Now , please . Please , just ... Now , just stay where you are , please . No , no , you might have brought something ... You might have ... Well , so much for quarantine . Come on . Come on , let 's get you home . ( WHEEZING ) Come on . Come on . JENNY : Daniella , is it ? Are you Italian ? - Yes . - Where from ? Solihull . My husband worked there . - Is that where you 've just come from ? - Mmm , no , near Redditch . The woman I with was died . So I looked for someone else nowhere . I mean somewhere . I 've been walking for two weeks . You haven 't seen anyone on the road with a limp , have you ? Just me with my blisters . You 'll be all right . Please , my bag . Inside . Mmm , no , no , no . Sì . Open it , please . For the boys . I found them in a house . Well , that 's very kind , but nobody 's smoked here for more than six months . It 's very sweet , but I don 't think it would be a good idea . Throw them away , then . I don 't want to get anyone into bad habits . Weren 't you scared on the road by yourself ? Oh , no . The good Lord helped me . I 'd wish he 'd help us . I will . You have a problem ? No . No , not really . Eat up and we 'll get you to bed . I 'll tell you about it in the morning . ( IN ITALIAN ACCENT ) How 's my new girlfriend this morning ! She 's all right . Jenny thinks she ought to stay in bed for the day , though . Charles , if I do the inside of the wood , would you do the perimeter ? It 'll give you an appetite for breakfast . Thank you very much . - Isn 't Arthur up there getting rabbits ? - Yeah , he went off about an hour ago . - Told him to keep his eyes skinned . - Uh-huh . Where should we meet ? Bottom of the hill in hill meadow ? - Yep , okay . - Okay . Come on . Thought it might be you . Charles is down by the gate . You see anything ? Well , not on the areas I checked , except rabbits . - Maybe a fox . How about you ? - Nothing . Only this snare . - Yeah ? What 's wrong with it ? - Been cut . - A fox ? - Cut I said , not bitten . Cut with a knife I should think . - Have you seen this ? - Yes , Arthur showed it to me . Look , I 've checked all the sand traps . There 's nothing . But near that one over there and just inside the woods , the same footprints that we found at Roberts ' . Well , do you think he could be deliberately avoiding the traps ? He may have a wonky leg , but he doesn 't do a little semi-circular dance every 50 yards . No , he 's knows they were put there for him . It doesn 't necessarily mean he 's still in the area . With a bit of luck , he might have moved in and out again . But a bit of luck for whom ? The next settlement ? Well , if he already thinks you 're looking for him , wouldn 't it be the sensible thing to do ? ARTHUR : But we 're not dealing with a sensible person , Jenny . Besides , he might regard it as a challenge . But what if he 's there ? What are you going to do to him ? What do you mean , what are we gonna do to him ? - We 're going to kill him , aren 't we ? - Just like that ? We 're not going to pat him on the head and give him a free meal , are we ? We 're gonna catch him and shoot him . We 'll just shoot him , I reckon . Couldn 't you just catch him ? Find out if he 's the right man , ask some questions , get some answers ? Maybe they won 't be the ones you want . - Maybe he is the wrong man . - He 's not the wrong man . Greg , we killed Barney . You were just as sure then as you are now . And you were wrong . - We made a mistake . - There 's no mistake here . He 's killed eight defenceless girls that could have had children . And there are few enough people as it is . It 's not gonna happen again . The girls have got a point , Greg . I don 't know what we can do about it , but we can 't afford to make a mistake either way . Are you telling me those prints aren 't the same as we found at Roberts ' ? CHARLES : They 're the same . - But just supposing ... - Yeah , well , go on . Just supposing what ? Nothing . - Jenny still thinks it could be Vic . - GREG : It isn 't Vic . How can you be so sure ? After all , what do we know about this chap ? Chap ? All right , let 's agree with you and say it isn 't Vic because he 's dead and he wouldn 't have acted like this in any case . But why wouldn 't he ? Or why would he ? I think it might be a valuable exercise to find out this chap 's motive . Whoever it is . Oh , yeah , it 's a very valuable exercise if you happen to be the sniper . You start talking about why he does it and you 'll all end up feeling sorry for him . And I 'm telling you , that man 's gotta be dealt with now , once and for all . And if you won 't do it as a group , then I 'll do it myself . We 'll do everything as a group , Greg . We all agree with what you say . It 's just that we 'd like to know that it 's being done properly . In a humane way . There are certain values we 've got to keep . There are certain values we 've lost forever , thank God . In some areas , we 're still going backwards , - and thank God for that , too . - Greg . What do you think I 'm going to do if he gets you ? Or Charles if it 's Pet ? What 's the natural instinctive thing to do ? - Ah . - GREG : What do you mean , ah ? I mean , ah , that was an interesting point , what you said about the natural instinctive thing . It rather reminds me of what I said earlier on about motive . Go on . Well , I may be showing my age , but when I was a child , most of the books I was allowed to read were about the Empire . Outposts of far colonialism . British Raj in India , man-eating tigers , that sort of thing . Do you want me to get the kids in ? Come on , Greg . Let him have a chance to talk . - You 've talked enough . - No , Greg , this does have a point . You see , in most of the stories , the tiger was crippled , whether from shot wounds , fight with another animal , a trap , it doesn 't matter . But he was prevented from getting his natural food . That 's why he became a man-eater . Man was easier to catch than a gazelle . And you think this man may be like one of your tigers ? Well , we know he 's a cripple . For that and for lots of other reasons , he could be an outcast . Not allowed to have a wife and find food , join a community . And that would turn him into the sort of person he is now . But that 's what I mean . You 're all feeling sorry for him . Well , feel sorry for his victims and stop him getting any more . Now , wait a minute , Greg . I was going on to say that there is one universally accepted method of getting a tiger into a position where you can deal with him . - ( CHUCKLING ) A goat . - Goat ? Exactly . Only this time , we use a girl . That 's what he 's after . But first , we 've got to make sure it 's the right man . And , as Jenny said earlier , we 've got to make sure that he hasn 't moved on , that it is us he 's picked on . - What do you think , Greg ? - Does it have to be a girl ? One of us could dress up . I don 't think we 'd fool him . Can 't have everybody waiting indoors . Can 't hang about indefinitely , hoping he 'll go away . We can 't let a huge backlog of work build up . We 'd never straighten out . You don 't have to tell me . Who 's going to be the goat ? Well , it has to be Jenny or me . With Ruth away and the others at the salt ... I 'd like to do it . Don 't look at him . Jenny , you 've got the baby to look after . And John and Lizzie and Greg . I 've only got Charlie , and sometimes I think he wouldn 't miss me much anyway . We 'd all be missed , we 've all got responsibilities , but I want to do it . It doesn 't matter whether you want to do it or not , Jenny . What if Daniella wants to do it ? No , she only just got here . We can 't bring her into it . Well , in any case , we shall need more than one . He may not move the first day . It may be a week before he decides to act . You can 't stay out there by yourself all that time , can you ? All right , we 'll take it in turns . But not Daniella . Well , shall we toss up or draw straws to see who goes first ? Don 't make a game of this . This is serious . I am serious . I do think it could be Vic . And he wouldn 't harm me , I 'm sure of it . I don 't want anyone killed , least of all me . So , if it 's all right , I 'll do it tonight , Pet tomorrow . Greg ? JENNY : Greg ? If it helps get him . Oh , thank you , darling . Good . - Have you got a pretty frock ? - No , but I can find one . It may not look much like a goatskin , though . Well , all we have to do now is to find him a spot which gives him some cover , but not too much . It should be away from the houses , giving a clear view of fire from the woods . You 'll be by yourself at the end of the day . Now , we won 't be far away from you , watching the woods . If he can see you , we ought to be able to see him . - Can you see anything ? - I can 't see much inside the wood . It 's too shadowy . ARTHUR : How are we doing for time ? GREG : It 's all right , Arthur . Yes , but what 's the time ? - Let 's call it a day . - Not yet . - Well , I know this was my idea , but ... - It 's all right , Arthur . How can it be all right ? How can you let her stay there ? - Poor girl . Strain 's beginning to show . - Don 't watch her . Watch the wood . We must be well inside that last hour now . Let 's call it off . He 's had time enough to see Jenny . And quite frankly , I think she 's had enough . She 's all right . Just a couple more minutes . A couple more minutes , she might be dead . We can do it again tomorrow . Start earlier . We must keep inside the safety margin . Every second you 're looking at me and not at that wood , is a second outside the safety margin . Oh , for God 's sake , man , she 's your wife ! I said a couple more minutes . - What was that ? - Pigeon . Something startled it . - You think he 's moving ? - Something is . ( WHEEZING ) Come on , come on . Show yourself . ( WHEEZING ) Got him ! - There you are . Have some of that . - Oh , thank you . Well done , Jenny . I think I was more worried than you were . Well , I 'm glad it 's over . That pigeon scared me half to death . Well , you won 't have to go through that again . We knows he 's there . We know he 's interested . - So , what do we do now ? - Well , we 'll follow up Arthur 's idea . Treat him like a tiger and organise a hunt . Beat slowly through the woods . Station two men at the bottom of the hill , the rest of the party will start at the top and beat slowly downwards . Chase him straight down our gun barrels . You know the size of that wood . Most of our people are away . Well , the other settlements said they 'd help whoever was in trouble . Well , some of the settlements can 't . Too far . Pity about that telephone . I reckon I could reach a couple if I start now . Just get to as many as you can . Tell them he 's in our woods and we need all the help they can give us . If I go round the back of the hill , I can get to the McGregors at Southey Farm , but I can 't reach anybody else that way . Well , that 's fair enough . Look , I 'll put Hubert in position while it 's still dark , and we 'll all meet up here first thing in the morning . ( SNORING ) Whoa . ( SIGHING ) Thank you . Well , what 's happened ? Where are they ? No one seems very keen to come and help us . They said it wasn 't their problem . - What , no one 's coming ? - I don 't think so . Thank you . Would you like a drink , Greg ? But did you tell them that I 've seen him ? - You 've seen him ! - They weren 't interested . You made a pretty unfavourable impression at that meeting , Greg . They weren 't prepared to take our word for it . But he 's there ! We could finish it today ! - They can 't just leave us in the lurch . - Can we do it ourselves ? Could we drive him out with so few of us ? Ah , he 'd probably just laugh and pick us off one by one . - Damn them all . - McGregor 's lot aren 't coming either . They seem to think the danger 's passed them by - so they couldn 't care less . - The natural self-protective feeling . Well , I better get Hubert . Morning . Nice day for a hunt . I brought these . I thought you might find a use for them . You wouldn 't have a little cup for me and my pink-faced friend ? - Of course , there 's plenty . - How many are you ? Four . Five with me . Six counting our friend with the armoured car . I was beginning to think it was a white elephant . Good to have a use for it . Though it is using the last of our petrol . Which way did you come ? Don 't worry , we didn 't wake up your friend . We came the long way . Uh , the armoured car 's positioned there . Stops him breaking out eastwards . Yeah , but if he does break out , there 's only one way that he 's likely to go , that 's straight towards your settlement . We thought a policy of containment was best . Anyway , we 're going to get him today , aren 't we ? - Thanks . - Get everyone together . - And the children . - But ... And the children . Can 't leave anyone in the house . I want everyone to carry something that will make a noise . Sticks , tins , bottles , whatever . And everyone should carry something which at least looks like a gun . ( DISTANT CLATTERING ) ( WHEEZING ) ( PEOPLE WHOOPING ) ( CLATTERING ) Keep in line ! Keep in line ! MAN : There he is ! Keep together ! Come back ! ( GUNSHOT ) Sorry about that . He came straight at me . He 's a menace in his own right with these lambs about . Well , do we start at the top again ? Well , what 's the point ? Could have gone anywhere . If we 'd all stayed in line , we still might have got him . Well , you can 't blame him . You moved fast enough yourself when you heard that shot . Where 's Lizzie ? - I 'm here . - And me ! ARTHUR : Over here ! Found something ! CHARLES : ( SIGHING ) Another fox ? I thought this might interest you . A sleeping bag . Still warm . I think you were right , Greg . He was asleep when we started beating . He left one or two other things , a mug , knife , water bottle . Travels light , doesn 't he ? Just picks up his rifle and scuttles off . I think he went over that fox 's earth on purpose . He knew the fox would run and take our attention away . - He thinks just like an animal . - Is that water carrier full ? Yes , that means he 's had nothing to drink since last night . He hasn 't had anything to eat , either . He hasn 't even cooked that rabbit . Well , he didn 't want to attract our attention by fire or smoke . No , no , he can 't make fire . He 's eaten that raw . He 's right down to basics . CHARLES : So , what do we do ? Would you ask Paul if we could have his men for a couple of days ? I want the woods sealed up , night and day , 24 hours . No exits at all . My guess is he 's going to need water before he needs food . And I think he 'll make for the lower pond . That 's where we 'll be waiting for him . You don 't think he could have gone away completely ? No , no . No , he 's still here . Somewhere . ( WHEEZING ) ( YAWNING ) Look , Jenny , why don 't you go on up to bed ? I have to wait up for Charlie anyway . No , it 's all right , thanks . You 've done enough today anyway . Squeezing in me and Daniella and the children . I 'd like to know how Greg is . I bet he 's cold . Two nights out there , sitting in a ditch . - Anything ? - No . I had a deer down for a drink . But if she didn 't notice anything , the sniper 's not about . - What 's the news ? - Same as you . Nothing . Some mutiny in the ranks . They want to go home . What , Boult 's men ? Well , the dayshift is all right . The nightwatch is getting them down . If it rains , they 'll pack it in . Yeah . And if it rains , we all might as well pack it in . - How are the girls ? - Oh , they send their love . Daniella 's saying a special prayer for you . You still think he 'll come down to the pond ? Well , he 's gotta drink . It 's where I 'd pick if I was him . Even if it meant getting shot as soon as you stuck your nose out ? No , he 'll be down . He 's probably watching that same deer , knowing that it could pick up sounds and smells quicker than he could . Beautiful animal . It 'd make a change from rabbit . I brought all the shells for the 12-bore . - How many you got in that ? - Three . Well , I left three at home for emergencies . - I 've never killed anybody . - Well , there 's always a first time . I 'm not sure that I want to . - I 'll only shoot if you miss . - That 's fair enough . - It gets easier . - Is that what he 's thinking ? Yeah , well , I don 't care what he thinks . How many men have you killed ? Has it made you ... I mean , did it make you feel pain , remorse ? - Pleasure ? - I never had the time . It 's always been a necessity . Like I said at that meeting where I made such an unfavourable impression , values change whether we like it or not . - But do you like it ? - Shh , shh , shh . Something 's moving . - Where are Greg and Charles ? - They 're out . But they 've been out for days . Only two days . Don 't exaggerate , John . But I 'm having to do all the work . - You said once you wanted to do it . - Not all of it . What are they doing ? They 're looking for something in the woods . Why can 't we help ? We 're good at finding things . Yes , I know you are . And I 'm sure they 'd like you with them , but they 've got the guns out and it might be dangerous . - Are they hunting ? - Sort of . But it 's very tiring work . Just for grown-ups . ( WHISPERING ) Hey . Hey , what 's the matter ? - Are they going to shoot things ? - They might , yes . Well , who 's going to tell me ? - Have they shot anything yet ? - Not yet . They won 't be able to . Go on . You know that day all those people came ? I did something to the shotgun . This came out . Keep coming . Just keep coming . That 's exactly what you did ? Yes , honestly . I only pulled the trigger . - Does it matter ? - I 'm afraid it does . This is the firing pin , the pin from the striker . It breaks if you keep using it without a cartridge . Someone 's got a duff gun . Charles has got the shotgun . I told you . Greg 's going to be so angry . Can 't we tell them before Jenny does ? It won 't be so bad . Come on . I know a shortcut . Come on . ( CLATTERING ) Do you think he heard ? ( GUNSHOT ) Yes , he heard . Now what ? We 're supposed to be getting him . Look , would you keep his attention here for a while ? When I get behind him , just fire a couple of shots . Attract his attention over here . You 'll be in a tighter spot than I will to start with . Don 't worry , I 'd rather be here . Go on , then . I 'll keep him busy . Greg . We 'd better swap guns . This one 's better at close range . Give me five minutes . ( GUNSHOT ) JOHN : Greg ! LIZZIE : Charles ! Charles ! Greg ! Go back ! Get away ! As fast as you can , get back ! Get away from here as fast as you can ! Go on , do as you 're told ! Stupid little kids ! ( WHEEZING ) JENNY : Greg ! Greg ? Get down ! ( YELLING ) ( GUNSHOT ) ( WHEEZING HEAVILY ) Kill him ! I 've no ammunition . Oh , it 's all right . It 's all right . Gun wouldn 't fire . ( SIGHING ) Let 's get back home . Come on , children . - What are they doing here ? - They were worried about you . They were worried ? Greg ? - Yeah ? - He 's got a name . This ugly carcass has got a name . George Oliver . Ten rounds of ammunition . Ten murders . He 's covered in lice . Poor lady . What ? Poor lady . Why did she have to die ?
