 MELANIE : Ready ! Go ! DAVE : Come on , Alan . You haven 't got long . - Come on , Alan ! Go on ! - Quickly . You can do it ! Go on , Alan ! Come on , Alan ! Go on , don 't stop ! - Go on , Alan ! - Come on , Alan . Faster ! How 's it going , Mel ? Oh , God ! Now ! Stop it , Alan . Please ! Now ! I said now , Pete ! - Go on , Alan . Get up there . - Go on . Quickly ! Come on . You can do it . - Go on , Alan . Faster . - Go on , faster . - Come on . - I 'm coming . I 'm coming . Hurry up , Mel . I can 't hold him any longer . - Hold it , come on . - Come on , Alan . Come on . Stupid , daft , crazy rotten game that was ! Well , you weren 't in any danger , were you ? Oh , get lost ! No one 's got killed yet , Dave . Have they ? It 'll blow up , that . It seemed to stop giving off gas about two days ago . - Seems to take about 12 days . - Eh ? It seems to take about 12 days to give off all the gas it can . Now , it 's got 18 cubic feet of manure in there , Hubert . - So , what 's 12s into 18 ? - Uh , 12s into 18 ... - That 's right , one and a half . - Oh , one and a half . We gotta put one and a half cubic feet of manure in there everyday , okay ? - And that 's all . - Do pigs give off that much ? Well , if they don 't , we have to use cow dung or vegetable compost mixed up with water . Oh , I see . Oi , look out . It 's all spilling out this end . Yeah . Well , the same amount comes out there as I put in here . Well , what 's the point , then ? All that stuff 's given off all the gas . - What , in there ? - Yeah . That 's what takes about 12 days to fill it up . Then what ? Well , I just have to find some way of drawing it off . Then build a gas holder . Just so long as I 'm nowhere near when it blows up . - How will you make a gas holder ? - Well , it shouldn 't prove too difficult . Basically it 's only one container inverted inside another . Just feed in the gas underneath , and the inner one rises as it fills . Why don 't you just pipe it through to where you need , the workshop ? Well , all Jack needs in there is just some bellows and a charcoal fire . I don 't wanna use that for heat or light . What , power ? GREG : You can drive a car with methane gas . JENNY : Very straight . Okay ? CHARLES : First find your car . Well , I 've already started experiments with an old motorbike engine . The conversion valve isn 't difficult . The problem is the amount of gas you gotta carry to make the whole thing worthwhile . You don 't seriously intend to run a car ? No , of course not . The only form of transport anyone 's gonna know around here is the horse . So why do we need an engine ? Use the water wheel down at the mill . - Yeah , if the kids 'll let you in there . - What ? Well , they 've turned it into a sort of club for themselves . - You should go down there sometime . - We could still use it as a mill . Mmm-hmm . Yeah , but you can 't drive a tractor with a water wheel . - Tractor ? - Yeah . Must be dozens of them rotting away in deserted farmyards . That you can run on methane gas ? It 'll take a bit of experimentation , but I reckon I can do it . Wait a minute . I thought we agreed we 'd never become dependent on anything we can 't replace ourselves . Well , I can keep a tractor in working order . Replace a carburettor , gearbox , clutch without a factory or machine tools ? If you had the same amount of faith in me as an engineer as I have in you as a farmer , you 'd realise that by the time I needed a new clutch , I 'd be able to make one . What 's more , I would have trained someone like Alan to make one , too . - Well , I still think we can do without . - Well , of course we can . Just think how liberating a tractor would be . You can dig ditches , cut hedges , spread muck . A man with a tractor can plough a five-acre field in a day . If we don 't show some positive progress before the winter sets in ... You know , you really should go down to the mill . The mill , why ? Well , those two , Alan and Melanie . They 've been down there most of the afternoon . Well , at least we 've achieved some leisure , Greg . It 's Sunday afternoon , why shouldn 't they ? - I thought you were hot ? - Oh , aren 't you ? Let 's go for a swim , then . We could go down by the weir . - It 's great down there . - Oh , I don 't fancy rivers . Where shall we go , then ? South of France , spot of water skiing ? - Oh , very good . - It was your scene , not mine . Furthest I ever got was Southend . We used to take a couple of mates and the bikes and burn it up all the way to Southend . I can imagine . Oh , come on . Let 's swim , Mel . We needn 't go down by the weir . We could go up by the meadow , we 'd be on our own there . Melanie ! - Melanie ! - I said I 'd help Pet with the cheese . But it 's Sunday , they don 't make us work on Sundays now . You can 't want to go back to the camp , surely ? Camp ? Don 't you think ... - Now where are you going ? - I 'm going for a swim . Alan must be 22 at least . Climbing a rope to see how strong he is ? Seems incredibly childish to me . Oh , it 's not just climbing it . You see , the others hold the other end , and as he climbs up , well , every 10 seconds or so ... Yes ? Oh , it 's like you say , childish . Pass me the rennet , will you ? - Pet ... - Hmm ? I don 't know how to put this , but , well , we live a funny sort of life here and are you regular ? - What ? - Your monthlies ? - Too regular . - Mine 's seven weeks late now . Doesn 't necessarily mean anything , does it ? - Not necessarily . Any other symptoms ? - Yeah . So you 're having a baby ? - It doesn 't follow . - I 'd see Ruth . And don 't look so alarmed . I didn 't mean to have one . That 's not the sort of thing that we can help nowadays . - Well , we should be able to . - Sally . - Well , it beats me . - I just don 't want to , that 's all . You were wanting me this afternoon when I climbed up that rope in the mill . I suppose you only did it because you thought it would turn me on . Coming up the hill just now , you wanted me then as well . Come on , Mel . We 've made love before , lots of times . It was great for both of us . - Not at this time of the month . - Oh , not that again . It 's all right for you . - Melanie ! - I 'm not risking it . But it wouldn 't be so bad even if you ... Charles will be knocked out . - Are you sure ? - I told her to see Ruth . But I don 't think there is very much doubt . Well , I must say that makes me very happy . Someone pregnant at last . I don 't think Sally 's all that happy about it . Oh , she 's bound to be a bit apprehensive . But Ruth will soon reassure her . Sally 's the kind of girl whose father would 've turned her out of the house if that had happened in the old days . Well , it 's not the old days . I 'll have a talk to her . I 'd leave it to Ruth . I just want to make her see that if she 's having a baby , - it 's something to be proud of . - I 'd still leave it to Ruth . Oh . Oh , well ... Maybe you 're right . - Did he go back to the farm ? - I don 't know . He left with Mel . How long have they been gone ? About an hour . You might find them down by the river . - He wanted her to go for a swim . - That far away , huh ? - That 's what Mel said . - He really fancies her , doesn 't he ? I wouldn 't say that . He 'd probably live with her if he could . No , Alan wouldn 't live with anyone . He might . He doesn 't need to , does he ? - You should be glad , really . - Glad ? Ugh . Four girls and three blokes . If we ever started pairing off , that would leave one of you out in the cold for good . With no sign of life anywhere else , at least not since the last place , it wouldn 't be fair on the ones left out , would it ? I love Alan . - Here , have some knockout . - No , thank you . - It 's better than the mint tea . - It makes me sick . So does that mint tea , come to that . Unless it 's something else . What 's bothering you , Sal ? My mother was 18 hours in labour having me . My dad often told me as if it was my fault . And she was in hospital . ( ALAN WHISTLING ) Hello . Hey , you wanna watch it , Sal . That stuff of Melanie 's can put you out , you know . At least there 's something that can . - Where is Melanie anyway ? - Gone back , why ? Did you have an enjoyable swim together ? ( ALAN SCOFFS ) No escape from this place , is there ? You just can 't move without everybody knowing where you are and what you 're doing ! - Give over , Dave ! - You 're a right one , aren 't you ? What ? You know what you 've done to Sal , don 't you , Dad ? ( DAVE PLAYING DRUMS ) Dave seems to think you 're having a baby . Is that right ? Looks like it . That 's a turn-up , innit ? Was that last time , when we played the game , afterwards ? You mean is it yours ? Of course . There isn 't anyone else . Cheer up , Sal . Think what a fuss they 'll all make of you . Nobody has had a baby at Whitecross since Jenny had hers . - Jenny 's married . - Never . Anyway , what 's that got to do with it ? Hey , you don 't think they 're going to chuck you out because you 're having a baby , do you ? I love you , Alan . Well , I 'm not gonna run away , Sal . If it 's my baby , I 'm not gonna deny it . We could live together . But we all live together , that 's the point . You won 't be having it on your own . Everybody here will look after you . I don 't wanna be married to everyone . A marriage . - She actually wants that ? - To Alan . Catch him ! Yeah , but no one here is actually married . Oh , well , I don 't mean she necessarily wants a wedding . Though I wouldn 't put it past her . " I plight thee my troth for this day forever . " She 'd have a white satin dress and bridesmaids if she could . Oh , don 't send up marriage too much . It wasn 't a bad idea in its day . Oh , I wouldn 't have got married even then . Al least that 's one thing we got shut of for good . - Yeah . Well , I 'd marry Jenny . - Well , you might . Yes . Yeah . And Charles would marry Pet , with ceremony and all . If it didn 't create a moral precedent which we can 't afford just at the present time . Well , don 't talk to me , tell Sally . PET : If one had to be married to be allowed to have a baby , Sally ... I don 't mean literally married , just living together properly like you and Charles . Even so ... If babies are limited only for the people who have decided to live together permanently , well , the way things are here at present , that puts the entire future of this place onto Jenny and me . And I don 't seem to be able to help very much . Lucky you . What are you so afraid of ? I just hoped that Alan might have wanted to live me , that 's all . I know it 's hopeless , really . Has Alan even said he loves you ? Alan doesn 't need to love anyone . Why should she expect me to live with her just because she 's having my baby ? Even in the old world they didn 't force you to marry . CHARLES : In the old world , she 'd have been on the pill . ( CHUCKLES ) Not our Sally . You know what surprises me ? That more of the girls aren 't pregnant . Well , it 's not our fault . It 's not . It 's Melanie , she makes the rules . Honestly , I think she keeps a chart on them all . - And Sally broke the rules ? - No , she didn 't . More of a stickler for the safe period than the rest of them . She was just born unlucky , that 's all . Unlucky ? Sally 's pregnancy is the best thing that 's happened here . You make her see that . - Who 'd want a baby in this dump ? - GREG : Oh , there are other dumps ? Hmm . Start having kids , you 'll never have the chance to find out . And you 're going to find out , are you ? Well , how ? Once you 've got that motorbike going ... No , no , no . The only thing I 'm gonna get going is the tractor . Oh , if you can make a tractor , one day you 'll be able to make a car . Yeah , and someone can go off and clear all the roads . - Phil and Judy got away . - And I wonder what happened to them . Oh , probably in Paris by now , sipping Pernod on the Boul ' Mich . Paris is just a compost heap . - You can 't be sure of that . - Of course I 'm sure of it . - When we were in London ... - Oh , you found 500 people you didn 't even know existed . Yeah . And there was a chap with a radio who said he 'd been in contact with the rest of the world . Three or four places , that 's all . Rest of the world ? There were only 12 people left alive in Cairo . Who 'd ever want to go to Cairo ? Does she seriously think that there are still some bright lights burning in the world ? - Yeah . Well , there might be . - Not a chance . You can 't be sure . There must be some city somewhere . South America , Australia , Japan . There must be somewhere the plague didn 't reach . GREG : Never . You can 't really expect us to accept the idea we 're gonna have to spend the rest of our lives here . Good God ! Does she think if one of them gets pregnant , she 'll be turned out of doors in disgrace ? Is that why Sally wants to marry Alan , 'cause she 's afraid of being branded as an unmarried mother ? She just wants someone to look after her . - Someone to depend on and keep her safe . - Safe ! We 'll keep her safe , did you tell her that ? We are more to be relied on than young Alan . Perhaps we should have a party . - A what ? - To celebrate . The whole community . Pet , that is a very good idea . Make her see that the baby is something to rejoice in . A new generation . Faith in the future . Ruth ! We 're gonna have a party . - Whatever brought that on ? - Sally 's pregnancy . Oh , we 're not sure she is pregnant yet . I 'd say she 's due in six months ' time . She 's seen you at last ? I asked her to help me give the calf an injection . It wasn 't too difficult to bring the subject up then . She 'd never have come to me about it cold . You told her there was nothing to worry about ? Yes , I did . But I don 't think she believed me . She told me that her mother was in labour with her 18 hours in a hospital . So she 's just afraid of the birth , then . With no anaesthetics to speak of , no surgery if anything goes wrong , it 's understandable . - Oh , is that all ? - All ? Well , you told her that women were having babies thousands of years before anaesthetics were even invented ? Natural childbirth . Like the cow dropping her calf . How lovely to be a man ! Well , there 's no reason to expect any complication , - she 's a normal , healthy girl . - Well , Charlie ... It 's your duty as a doctor to reassure her , Ruth . And I did . Why should she believe me ? I 've never had a baby . Get Jenny to talk to her . At least Jenny 's been through it . I 'll talk to her and we 'll have that party . We need to establish a completely new set of mores if we 're to have any future . There is more in this than Charles understands . And there 's more in Charles than you understand . It 's not Sally 's baby he 's so anxious to see born . It 's his own . It 's good news , Sally . I 've been waiting for this for months . - Can 't you see how important it is ? - Can see it 's important to me . No , no , no , no . For all of us . Here we are , we 're what , 28 people , scratching out a living on this hillside . Your baby will give everyone the sense of commitment we seem to lack at the moment . Not even Pet 's conceived yet . - I 'm sure she will soon . - No . Now , there 's nothing to fear , Sally . I know Ruth may not have a fully equipped obstetrics ward , but she did go to medical school . And she learnt more there about natural childbirth than ever they taught in your mother 's day . ( SIGHS ) I suppose so . I know you want to marry Alan , but ... I know if I did , it would be very unfair on the other girls . Well , yes . I 'm afraid it would . You see , amongst 28 people who 've come together by chance , well , we 'll never get enough to be able to pair off together like we used to . Don 't be such a rag-bag ! I mean , look , there 's Maggie and Elsie , everybody 's very fond of them , but no man really fancies them . Hubert does . ( CHUCKLING ) But they don 't fancy Hubert . Poor Hubert . There 's always Jack . If he 's got eyes for anyone , it 's for Melanie . Oh , they 've all got their eyes for Melanie . She won 't have any of them , at least not for keeps . Melanie wants to go to Paris . Still dreaming of the gay life she used to have . Well , there you are , you see . How many girls are there under 25 ? More than there are boys . And we can 't deny them children just because there 's no one to live with them permanently . So that 's why we 're giving you a party , Sally . - Party ? - Yes . With you as guest of honour . - Oh , no , Charlie ... - No , no , no ... I 'm gonna see Daniella about it now . Well , it 's a good an excuse as any for a party , isn 't it ? The best . Ah ! - You 've been a naughty girl , eh ? - What ? Got yourself into trouble , I hear . A party , with music and dancing , too ? Yeah . Well , Greg can play his guitar . - And if we have it outside ... - On mid-summer night ! Why not ? It 's only a week away . Oh , is it so soon ? There 's not much time for all to be ready . - The sooner the better , Daniella . - Si , Si , there 's plenty to help . And if I can bake some of the food , and we do extra baking ... - A wedding feast . - Ah ! Well , it 's hardly that . Bride and groom at the head of the table . And lanterns in the trees , when dark it grows . Will Jack and the others be back ? Yes , I hope so . Look , Daniella , you do realise they 're not getting married . Si , married ! And , you know , I was thinking when I went past that house in the tree . - It 's not for illness you need it now . - No , it 's falling to bits , Daniella . Oh , yes . But Jack and Alan will mend it . That house in the tree is just the place for Alan and Sally , and the baby when it comes . Daniella , they 're not going to live together . We 're having this party to show how much we all rejoice in the birth of the baby . - Now , we need babies , don 't we ? - Babies . Yes . Well , we want to show that every girl living here has the right to have a baby whether she lives with the father or not . With the father ! Saw that little hussy go by just now . Got one in the oven , hasn 't she ? Alan that is , I bet . That lad ought to be gelded . Ain 't got enough to do , those kids , have they ? Little slut . I really don 't think it 's necessary , Sally . I only examined you the day before yesterday . I don 't want you to examine me , Ruth . I want you to get rid of it for me . - About six months , Ruth says . - So , December ? Hmm . Round about Christmas . Well , we can see that she gets all the vitamins she needs . At least living this sort of life mother and child should be healthy . It 's the psychological side that worries me . Yeah , social side , too . Hubert plays the outraged citizen every time he sees her . She takes no notice of that , I hope . This party you 're giving , Daniella seems to see it as some kind of a wedding breakfast . Well , it 's bound to take a bit of time for people like Hubert to adjust . It 's the attitude of the young that worries me . Well , they don 't expect her to get married , do they ? No , no , no . Well , thanks to Melanie , they seem to think getting pregnant is somehow letting the side down . And that 's where you can help , Jenny . You make them see what a good thing it is to have a baby . They 'll believe it from you . You 're the only one here that 's had one . Well , see you . Uh , I 'm not so sure . Jenny ? - Yes . - You all right ? An abortion ! - She asked for that ? - RUTH : Yes . What did you tell her ? That I didn 't recommend it . On medical grounds . On other grounds , too , I should imagine . She told me it was time I invented an efficient contraceptive . Well , I have tried . Melanie 's always on at me , so are the other women . - I didn 't know this . - It 's nothing to do with you . What , that you 're putting your mind to thinking of ways to stop women from having babies ? Have you forgotten there are hardly any people in the world ? It took women thousands of years to achieve the opportunity not to conceive against their will . And now when they finally get that freedom ... Freedom to let the world die out ? One of the worst effects of the plague , to my mind , is that women are just going to be childbearers again . - Not just . - You 'll see how it turns out . Well , I don 't intend to help put women back into the dark ages again just because the world needs people . Not even for love , not even for Paul , would I risk it . A child is not a threat . Look , if Sally doesn 't want to bring up her baby , then nobody 's going to force her to . Her freedom is not in jeopardy . The community will rear her child if she wants it to . In care , as they used to call it . Don 't be ridiculous . There 's nothing of charity in the idea of a kibbutz . Look , can 't you see that women will be more liberated than they ever were before they were on the pill ? You can 't sublimate a natural instinct , Ruth . Don 't worry about me . You can still be a mother and a doctor . I am not frustrated , I am fulfilled . ( SCOFFS ) Well , don 't look so surprised . The only known doctor ? Of course I 'm fulfilled , so are you . I am hardly relevant to this argument . Before the plague , your ideas of self sufficiency made you a crank in the eyes of the supermarket society . But now you 've come into your own . The death of the world has given you a much happier life than you ever had before . Here , you 're king . But what about Melanie ? Living with her film director boyfriend in Saint Germain des Prés . The Lamborghini down the autoroute to Cannes for the weekend . Movies and parties , shops and clothes . A world you despised , but she revelled in . No wonder she 's digging her heels in . The most you 've got to offer is a harvest supper once a year and motherhood . She 's even younger than I am . Two or three good years to look back on . You had nearly half your life . All right for some , wasn 't it ? What on earth was all that about ? She means to live as a nun . What ? An attractive young woman like Ruth , repressing all her natural instincts for her work , it 's absurd ! She can lead a full life here as a woman and still be a damn good doctor . There must a man for her , Pet . Perhaps you . What ? You might be more fortunate with her . ( RAIN PATTERING ) ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) ( BABY CRYING ) All right , Paul , I 'm coming . Lizzie 's still asleep . That 's good . - It 's only thunder , isn 't it ? - Mmm-hmm . Lizzie might be frightened if she wakes . Well , she won 't be if you tell her that it 's just thunder , will she ? - Now , go on , hop it . Get back to bed . - All right , I 'll tell her . Just thunder . Just thunder . That was a tree coming down just now . GREG : Mmm-hmm . It could have come down on the house . I hate being so close to the woods . It 's not being struck by lightning or felled by trees that 's so worrying as what the rain 's going to do to the hay . Yeah . Suppose we have rain like this in August . Suppose the harvest is ... Well , just suppose that you stop supposing , hmm ? Hmm . When I think of all that 's growing out there . All that we 've planted and worked on . And to know it 'd only take two weeks heavy rain at harvest time . Well , we 'd just have to start all over again , hmm ? Yes . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) And Charles expects me to tell Sally it 's a good thing to have a baby . CHARLES : Ah ! Well , we needed rain . Not all at once . - What 's it like in the valley ? - Ah , the river broke its banks . - Oh , it flooded the barley . - Yeah , well , it 's drying up . Well , at least our hay will dry out . Yeah , if we turn it enough and it doesn 't rain any more . Well , it could have been worse , Greg . - Charles . - Yeah ? I wouldn 't rely on Jenny to help Sally over her hang-ups . She was wishing last night that she didn 't have a child of her own . Children are our only real hope . Proof that we mean to go on . Give us the roots we need . Yeah , but if you 're going to put down roots , you got to be sure of your ground first . Well , unless we do put them down , we never shall be . Unless we commit ourselves here , we 'll always be just squatters , whatever we grow . Alan and Melanie seem to think there 's always something better to be had on the other side of the hill . Grass always greener . They 'll never settle here . - Move on like gypsies ? - Yeah . Like Mark Carter . Well , we 're giving that party tonight for Sally 's baby . Let 's hope that gives us a sense of commitment . ( GREG PLAYING THE GUITAR ) ( TAPPING ON GLASS ) - To Sally . - ALL : To Sally ! - GREG : And the baby . - Come on , Sal , speech . - Come on ! - All right , then , all right . If she doesn 't want to say anything , then I will . Oh , I knew he would ! He likes to hear himself talk . ( LAUGHING ) You know ... We 've lost half the hay , and the barley is underwater . Now Ruth tells me that the horse is going lame . And Jack and the others are still not yet back from getting the salt that we so desperately need . But Sally , Sally is going to have a baby . And that more than makes up for the rest of it . - A brother or a sister for baby Paul . - HUBERT : Aye . Yes , and for John , Lizzie , Norma , Yarra . HUBERT : She 's not their mother , too , is she ? You 're the father , Hubert . - I am not the father ! - Yes , you are , Hubert . You see , we 're all of us mothers and fathers . It doesn 't matter a hoot about the hay or the barley , they 're simply setbacks . Look , this is our land . It 's fertile for us to sow and to harvest . It 's capable of infinite prosperity , as long as we ensure that there are enough of us to work it . We have a stake in the future . And Sally 's baby remember , like Jenny 's Paul , will have no bitter memories of the old world to mar the excitement of the new one . And so for them , and for these , and for the others yet to be born , we have to make the world good for them to make it better . So , Greg , give us a song . We 've got something to celebrate . The future . ALL : The future ! Well , and who would like some more pie ? I kept one back in the kitchen for the greedy . - Hubert ? - Wouldn 't say no . - No , do not . - JOHN : I 'd like some more pie , please . Lots more pie ! Where you put it all , young man , I don 't know . Thank you very much . Sally , will you be having some more pie ? No , thank you . You must be eating for two now , remember . What I really would like is an orange . - I got this crazy feeling for oranges . - You will not see those again . Oh , I don 't know , there must be some somewhere . In Spain , wild ones . And that 's not so far away . We could fetch them together when Greg 's fixed the motorbike . Well , we can hardly go by tractor . # Loving and living # Like birds in the trees and bees in the honey hives # You 're feverish . Feel her , Ruth , she 's running a temperature . - Oh , it 's nothing serious . - Well , it could be . Well , I 'd put her to bed if I were you . Come on , Lizzie , let 's tuck you in . - You too , John , bedtime . Sorry . - I 'm having some more pie . Yeah , you 'll make yourself sick , come on . Not yet . Norma and Yarra aren 't going to bed yet . See , I told you it 'd be all right , didn 't I , Sal ? Eh ? He should have stood by what he done , that 's what I say . Make an honest woman of you . - Sally , come on down here . - Yeah , come on , Sal . # Like birds in the trees and bees in the honey hives # If you keep your love alive , you 'll survive # But you gotta keep going # Reaping and sowing # Keep on living # Loving and living # Like birds in the trees and bees in the honey hives # Exciting , is it , our new world ? Oh , it can be . It will be if you go at it all out . I suppose you 'd like me to be pregnant , too . - Find that unreasonable ? - As a matter of fact , I do . - Aren 't you being a little selfish ? - Selfish ? Who 's going to look after you when you 're Elsie 's age ? Frankly , I don 't expect to be Elsie 's age . And that 's not being selfish ? If you want to know , Charles , I think you 're obsessed . If you want to know , I think you 're old enough to be a little more responsible . Whether you like it or not , you are an influence here . So make it a good one , hmm ? How about you , Charles ? Would you like to be influenced ? - Please be serious . - I 'm very serious . After all , if we 're going to have a baby farm here , the least you can do is let the women chose the fathers . # ... you 'll survive # Oh , I feel terrible . What did you put in that wine , Pet , hemlock ? I can hardly get up . Just not used to the hard stuff , Greg , that 's all . - Elderflower wine ? - That 's Melanie 's gin . GREG : That is gin ? SALLY : What did you think it was , water ? Come on , I 'll take you home . Jenny won 't want to see me looking like this . Yes , well , come to the bungalow . I 'm sure Ruth 's got something to make you feel better . Where would we all be without Dr Ruth ? - She 's asleep . - It 's really nothing , Jenny . Couple of days and she 'll be as right as rain . Mmm . The slightest sign of fever terrifies me . Well , that 's only natural . Come on , let 's get back to the party . No , I 'd rather not . Well , the kids will be all right on their own . Yes , yes , I know . It 's just that I want to be asleep when Greg comes back . Or at least pretend to be . Don 't let Charles hear you say that . Oh , Charles . He 's become such a romantic lately . As if a baby or two can give anyone any sense of permanence . So you keep your distance , too ? I don 't want another . I thought you said that Ruth would be here . Probably seeing how Lizzie is . - You feeling any better ? - Yeah , thanks . It really knocked me out for a minute . - What does the girl make it with ? - I shudder to think . - Ah , I must get home . - Jenny 'll miss you ? Hmm . She 's probably asleep . Usually is these days . What do you mean ? She 's not very happy . We 're both restless , Pet . Charlie depends on you . I wonder . - He feels so responsible . - For choosing this place ? Perhaps . Well , it 's good land . He 's right from his point of view . But not from yours . - I really must get home . - Don 't go . Please . Well , Charlie will be back soon . With Melanie . He 's not interested in her . She might be interested in him . The way things are with us at the moment ... He loves you , Pet . But I haven 't given him the child he wants . Well , I doubt if she fancies him myself . Pity . I really must get home . Charles so wants a child . He 'd be glad . Jenny 's the only woman I want , Pet . Sorry . I 'm sorry . I suppose I had too much to drink myself . Only , why me ? Well , at least you fathered a child . So has Charles . At least two . Hey , I thought we were having a party . Come on , let 's go . MAN : Good idea ! ( ALL SHOUTING ) Hang on ! Don 't drop it ! MAN : Bring your ... CHARLES : Greg was here ? I made him some acorn coffee . Oh , poor Greg . He was sick . He felt a lot better . When did he go home ? You only just missed him . - So he was here for some time , then . - Yes . Why didn 't you tell me about Ayla and the others ? Did Greg ? He thought I knew . Oh , it seems like a century ago now . Before I met you , it seems like another country . A child by each of them ? Only one was born . So it is me . How did you make out with Melanie ? What ? You were as long with her as I was with Greg . If she had a baby , it would be a big breakthrough , wouldn 't it ? All the others would want to do the same thing . You 'd be assured of your new generation then . Pet , I love you . You should have told me about the other women . Well , it 's ... It 's not the sort of thing you do tell your wife . ( SCOFFS ) Wife . That 's for sure , isn 't it ? - Even though ... - Even though anything . You still haven 't answered my question about Melanie . Pet . I love you even though anything , too . And so I 'd understand , Charlie . I mean ... I know how much it means to you and ... And if I can 't ... Well , Melanie doesn 't even fancy me , Pet . She was just playing me along tonight . You know , she 's taken all the others off . " Time we had a party , " she said . - We were having a party . - Mmm . Not their sort . Poor Charlie . ( PLAYING ROCK MUSIC ) ( MUSIC STOPS ) Oh , come on , Pete ! ( ALL SHOUTING AT ONCE ) MAN : Please ? Hey , let 's play the game . DANIELLA : Sally ! Where are you ? Melanie ! Have you seen the girls ? There are none of them in their rooms . Down at the mill , most like , having an orgy . Lord knows what wickedness they 're up to . But it 's Sally 's turn to do the breakfast . You 'll be lucky . - Hello , John , you 're up early . - Can I go down to the mill ? What , at 6 : 00 in the morning ? Whatever for ? That 's where they all are . " Having an orgy " , Hubert says . I heard him telling Daniella just now . Can I go ? No , you certainly cannot . What 's an orgy ? Well , if they 're still living it up at this hour , they 're not going to be much use turning hay this morning , are they ? Nor are you by the looks of you . I 'd like to see them play the game . What 's the game ? Climbing up the rope . It goes all the way up to the roof . One of them climbs up and the others hold on . And every few seconds or so , one of them lets go . - What do you mean , lets go ? - Until there 's only one left . And if you don 't reach the top before he 's too worn out to hold on any longer ... Whatever are you talking about , John ? - Come on , Dave . - ALAN : Oh , a bit further . - You 're nearly there , go on . - Come on . - That 's it , go on . - Come on . Well done . SALLY : It 's my turn ! - No ! - Hold on to the rope . - No , Sally ! - SALLY : It 's easy . Don 't be daft ! If she wants to . Everyone has the right to play . I won 't let her , Mel . Let 's hope the girls can carry her weight , then . - She 's started ! - Right , on the end , Dave . Not both of you . She 's half your weight , Alan . Makes it much too easy . Come on , Sal . You 're doing fine . - Just a bit further . - MELANIE : Now ! I said " Now " , Alan . Let go . Tighter . MELANIE : Now ! Barbara can 't hold her on her own . Let go , Ann . - Come on , fast ! - GIRL : Come on , Sally , you can do it . ALL : Come on ! - GIRL : You 're nearly there . - Come on , give us a hand . - You 've nearly done it ! - Get on the rope ! GIRL : Oh , come on . Alan , you cheated . DAVE : That was terrific , Sal . You cheated . Do you think I would 've minded if I 'd fallen ? ( SALLY SCREAMING IN PAIN ) - She 's lost it ? - I 'm afraid so . I suppose you say she was entitled to ? I 'm sorry she had to find such a drastic method . And I think it was stupid , cruel and unnecessary . But , yes , she was entitled to . - A baby murdered so that ... - Don 't talk that way . You 've got to meet them on their terms , Charles . It 's going to be more our world from now on than yours . If you don 't believe in having children , there won 't be a world . ( ENGINE REVVING ) - You 've got it going ! - Yeah , using our own methane . Whoo ! What would she do if she were on the road ? On a bike ? About five knots , I should say . - That 's not much - It 's a start , Mel . It shows it 's possible . We can soon build up the power . Yeah , but for a tractor . That 's all I 'm interested in . Yeah , you might be , not me . We 'll get moving one day , Mel . Just leave it to me . We 've got an engine ! Jenny says I can 't go to the mill any more . The mill ? Who wants the mill ? We 've got an engine . For a motorbike ? Like you had ? Yeah , here , hang on . - Right ? - Right . ( IMITATING MOTORCYCLE ) We must have a meeting to talk about the mill , Melanie . No more climbing ? That would be my opinion . What 's yours ? That we 've other things to interest us now . How long before you 've made a Lamborghini , Greg ? ( LAUGHS ) You 're hopeful . Yes , in a way , I think I am now . That 's the best thing that 's ever happened here . A machine . Well , some of them rather like the old world , Charles . What they saw of it . Yes , in the workshop . Hey , Hubert , we 've got an engine ! HUBERT : Oi . Look out , you clumsy ... Well , come on , then . Wake up or you 'll get left behind .
