 Mister . Hey , mister ! Can you pass up the ladder ? We 're coming out today . Are you ? They said 10 days , it 's been more like 10 months . You were sick . They always take precautions . ( WOOD SNAPPING ) Can that cow go anywhere it likes ? - No . - What 's it doing ? Come and look at this , Phil . Go away ! Stop it ! Stop it ! Go away ! Stop it ! One of the cows has got into Charles ' vegetable plot . Drive her away , then . Get her back to the pasture . But it won 't go . I tried ... LIZZIE : Very naughty . Come on . Come on . Come on . LIZZIE : She was eating all Pet 's vegetables . Well , what was the point of building that fence ? I 'll murder Hubert . And do you know , he said that Lewis just stood there watching while the beast did it . Bully for him . I can 't see Lewis dealing with an errant cow . - He only had to chase it off . - He 's just not a very practical person . Well , nor were you . PET : Just look at him out there digging that trench with Alan . You 'd think the only shovel he 'd ever handled was a teaspoon . It probably was . Some find it harder to adapt than others . Well , he gets on my nerves . It takes all sorts to make a world , Pet . And that 's what we 're trying to do here , aren 't we ? You 'll probably find yourself on a charge for that , mate . What ? A court of inquiry into why the cow wasn 't stopped from gobbling up the commandant 's vegetables . Aren 't you being a bit childish ? Gets more like the army every day . - And you 've not been sick again ? - No . - I expect it was something you ate . - I never thought it was anything else . - Shall I leave our gear up here ? - RUTH : For the time being . I expect you 'll both be staying in the white house . - Oh , it 's all right , we 've got a tent . - That 's useful . - It has been . - But cold . Mmm . Come on , I 'll show you round . Arthur 's right , Pet . If a square peg won 't fit into a round hole , you can 't just throw them out . I wouldn 't dream of it . Just try to whittle off the edges a little bit and make the square pegs round . - Or find square holes . - What ? Well , we 've no right to lick people into shape . We have to find out where their natural talents lie and make use of them . RUTH : We 're having drainage problems . We now know that most of the water comes from up there . So we 're laying that land drain to get it away before it soaks down to the fields there . - I 'll show you the workshop . - All right . That 's a nice-looking bird . Maybe I 'll stay a bit yet , eh ? Now what are you dreaming about ? What is it ? Where are you off to ? Lewis ? There 's wood ash boiling in there , and mutton fat in there . Tomorrow we start brewing them together and we end up with glycerine on the bottom and soap on the top . - That 's soap ? - In the making . Urgh ! It doesn 't smell like soap . You 're telling me . Hello . - Let you out of quarantine , have they ? - RUTH : Come on , Alan . Passed through immigration with a clean bill of health ? You wouldn 't talk like that if one of them had a disease . I thought you were digging that ditch out there . ALAN : On me own ? Forgive me . God , forgive me . - Any good at curing bacon ? - Never tried . Nor had Daniella . She used to work in a restaurant . Mmm . And a very good restaurant it was . Very nice client . Very smart . We not even cook pasta , except to Italiani who insist . I 've brought you some extra rations , Daniella . I suppose these two will be staying here with you ? This is Arthur Russell . He 's in charge of provisions , amongst other things . - Hello . Hello . - Hello . Where possible , we try to give everyone their own plot of land . All the produce is pooled , and once a week , Arthur doles out supplies to the various kitchens . - Do you know anything about farming ? - Not really . What did you study at university ? - History of Art . - Oh , well . - What 's that ? - This is a valve . Made it out of some old bits of gas pipe I found . Is that where the gas will come out ? Well , hopefully . How 's the slurry , Hubert ? A waste of good pig dung if you ask me . Right now , hold open the sack , and then they can pour it in . That 's it . GREG : Lovely . - How 's it going ? - GREG : Ah , it 's just an experiment . But if it works at all , I 'll fix a bit of drainpipe to it , then fix that to the top , and we 'll have a constant supply . With a similar outlet at the other end , I suppose . Yes , of course . What 's the point if it 's all gonna run out again ? Well , by that time , the bacteria will have done its work . Could you get me that bit of wire , John ? Thank you . How 's Jenny this morning ? She 's all right . She 's helping them plant out the sugar beet . Feels up to it , does she ? She pulls her weight as much as anyone here . Oh , I don 't doubt that . Well , that should be that . Now , all we 've gotta do is to get as much air out as we can . So , if I manipulate the valve , would the rest of you squeeze out as much of the air as you can ? Okay . That 's it . John , John ! Jenny wants you , John ! She 's been calling for you all morning . JOHN : We 're making gas . Well , she wants you . Now ! Go on , John , we can manage . But I wanted to see the gas come . Yeah , well , that won 't happen for days . Now , you run along . That should be about as good a vacuum as we can manage . All we 've gotta do now is heat it up . It 's just post-natal depression . She 'll be out in the fields this afternoon . Nobody 's criticising , Greg . Where have you been , Lewis ? No one seems to have made any progress with that drainage at all this morning . What 's happened to Alan ? The ditch is important . I went to the woods to think a few things over . I know it 's hard work , but if we don 't get that drainage sorted out , we 're going to be in real trouble . Can you do it up for me ? What 's the idea ? You 'll understand . He 's wearing his shirt and pullover back to front . Guess why . Why ? Well , to show what he is . A white collar that does up at the back . Well , go on , guess . I give up . ARTHUR : A dog collar . Lewis is a parson . A parson ? - You mean a priest ? - I might have known ! Well , isn 't that lovely ! Our own priest . Oh , mamma mia . The things I 've said in front of him . ( HUBERT CHUCKLING ) Why you laugh ? LEWIS : I 'm afraid that Greg must have thought me quite mad . But , you see , if I wanted to profess my faith , it would 've been a very feeble excuse to say that I no longer have my clerical collar . What became of it ? I don 't know . In all the panic , there wasn 't much time for religion , was there ? Even here we have enough to do just to keep ourselves alive . At least that was the excuse I made myself , I 'm ashamed to say . Why be ashamed ? Survival comes first . - Not necessarily . - Of course it does . - I see that you 're not a believer , Pet . - I don 't know . Is anyone these days ? - Oh , I hope so . - On what possible grounds ? Well , faith wouldn 't be faith if there had to be grounds for it . Look , please don 't draw me into a theological argument . It 's just that if there are any members of the community who feel the need for God , well , at least they 'll be able to see by my ... ( CHUCKLING ) By my cloth , that I 'm here to help . Otherwise it makes no difference , except in one way . - Student , were you ? - Yeah , at Nottingham . Where 'd you meet Judy , then ? In Grimsby . We took a yacht . Finally ran aground at South Wales . Who 's he ? Don 't tell me you 're coming back to dig ? Why not ? - It 's Philip , isn 't it ? - That 's right . It was you trying to deal with that cow this morning , wasn 't it ? Yes . Not very effectively , I 'm afraid . Well , let 's get on with digging this trench then , shall we ? Do you think he means to start a church ? - Hmm ? - Well , Lewis . Oh , I 'm sure it 's this teat of yours that 's making Paul ill . Even in the old days , babies had colic , Jenny . Yeah , and in the old days we had doctors to tell us it was colic . Now , we just hope it is . Well , Ruth told you that there was nothing to worry about . Anyway , he should be having my milk , not cow 's milk . Jenny , what 's the matter ? You always made the best of things before . But why should he have to ? One day he 's going to learn what life was like before he was born , - before we messed it all up for him . - Well , that wasn 't your fault . But I brought him into this world , what 's left of it . And Paul Pitman died because of it . I can understand Lewis taking his clerical collar off . What I can 't understand is how he has the nerve to put it back on again . In our village , the priest was not a nice man at all . Never once did I see him smile . No one liked him . Daniella , is there a pail I can use anywhere ? Well , then one day he 's gone , to teach the novices at the seminary . And for long weeks we have no priest at all . Everyone not seem to know what was right anymore . Daniella , I have to take this ash over to the workshop . Is there a pail that I can use anywhere ? - Outside the door . - Oh , thank you . But he came back . And I remember saying my rosary that morning with ... With a sudden lightness in my heart . ( SPEAKING ITALIAN ) Everything was right again . That is how I feel this morning , Father Lewis . Please , don 't call me " Father " . Il padre , what do I call you , then ? Lewis . I don 't want this to make any difference . Now , I must get this ash over to the workshop . Well , it is not that work that you should be doing . Judy ! You must be carrying the bucket of ashes to the workshop for Father Lewis ! - Presto ! - I 'll take it myself , Daniella . Will you be saying mass on Sunday ? - What ? - And before it , Padre , it is long time since I made my confession . Daniella , I am not a Roman Catholic priest . I am just a humble ... Ruth will be waiting for me in the workshop . I see . Non-combatant duties now , is it ? Helping the women in the house . Still , can 't have the padre getting his hands dirty , can we ? I 'll join you in the trench as soon as I 've taken this over to the workshop . Don 't worry , mate , it 's almost finished . We must have done more on it yesterday than I thought . Not you , him . He was out there digging this morning before you were up . - I don 't believe you . - He was , too . Out there at dawn , he was . He should be at his devotions , not digging the ditches . Go and carry that pail for him . Here I can manage . I 'm supposed to help you . It 's not help I need . I work , I cook , I scrub ! No one ever say that Daniella , she lazy , she needs help . - Find someone who cannot manage . - Like me . You can manage anywhere , I should think . I 'm not scared of being kicked out . - Come on , help us dig . - All right . That is not the women 's work ! Come on , we 're not back to all that again . I think ... - We are not back to anything . - What ? Will you be getting out of my kitchen ? ( SHOUTING IN ITALIAN ) ( BOTH LAUGHING ) Oh , morning , Vicar . - You don 't have to call me that , Hubert . - Thank you . I suppose you 'll be wanting us all to go to church of a Sunday , will you ? I wonder how many of you would come if I did . I 'll get some more water . " We plough the fields and scatter . " Harvest festival . Was the only time I ever went to church . Great loaves of bread , sheaves of corn . Marrows , a sight bigger than they ought to be , all laid out on the pews . Never did find out what happened to them afterwards . The vicar had a good tuck in , I reckon . No , it used to go to the hospitals , didn 't it ? You a church-goer , were you ? What , me ? No . Wife used to make me clean the car on a Sunday morning , do odd jobs around the house . Sunday mornings . I don 't think that formal worship is all that important . One can be a good Christian without going to church . That mean you won 't be holding services , does it ? Well , I hadn 't intended to . But if people want me to ... Do you think anyone will ? Nah , I don 't suppose so . We 're really all a bit too busy , ain 't we ? Yeah , no peace for the wicked . Anyway , we got no hymn books . You can 't have church without hymn books , can you ? I 'll come to your harvest festival , mind . ( GROANS ) Perhaps I should hold a service . What do you think ? It 's up to you , Vicar . I wasn 't even a vicar in Cheltenham . I only assisted the vicar . Oh , that 's where you come from , is it ? My sister used to live in Cheltenham . A very genteel parish . Never more than 20 in the congregation , and not one under 60 . Yeah , well , it 's a right mixed bunch you got for a flock now , innit ? Charles is the only good shepherd here , no one else . - Lewis ? - Yes , Greg . - Are you busy ? - I 'm just giving Ruth a hand . - The trench is all but finished . - Yeah , I saw that . No , it 's ... It 's just that if you 're passing , you might pop in and see Jenny . - Well , of course . Is something wrong ? - No , no , no . But , well , she 's a bit down , depressed . She 's been a bit quiet since Paul died . It 's understandable . She doesn 't believe in God , I 'm afraid , but I think a chat would do her some good . Conversion is not much in my line , Greg . What is in your line ? There 'll be a church parade , and all the ranks expected to attend . Commandant reading the lesson . I 've seen it all . - When were you in the army ? - As a kid . What kind of army was that ? Me dad was a regular soldier . I was brought up in quarters . ( CHUCKLES ) Until they tried to make me an apprentice , and then I got out fast . But here I am , back into it all over again . We 've even got a sky pilot on our backs . - I stripped for Jesus once . - You did what ? There was some pop singer , I forget his name , " Enjoy yourself , " he said . " And if you can make some money at the same time , " I 'll send it to the homeless in the name of Jesus . " - So , I stripped . - Yeah , but why that ? A boyfriend and me were at a club and the stripper had broken her ankle . Just for laughs , I took her place . I got 20 quid and I gave it all to Jesus . ( ALAN LAUGHING ) - It 's true . - Perhaps you should do it for the padre , that would lighten up his services no end . - I don 't think he 'd approve . - I 'd approve . - Twenty quid ? - Nowadays you make up for money - in other ways . - In the name of Jesus ? God is love I was told . Not in the way you mean . Oh , I dunno . God is everywhere I was told . Oh , really ? Even in this heap of muck . - I suppose so . - Here you are , love . So much for God , then . Well , why don 't you go and look for him ? If he 's not putting up fences or digging trenches or repairing the windmill , he 'll be out sowing sugar beet , which is where I should be only I happen to be rather busy doing something else . Yes , is there something that I can do to help ? Yes , help Greg . - Yes , I 'm not in the way , am I ? - No . John ! John , will you come and hang out the washing for me please ? How 's the baby ? Don 't tell me you 've come to baptise it ! Good gracious , no . I wouldn 't mind if driving out the devil got rid of his colic . Well , it could , too . I remember once baptising a child that had been crying all the way through the service , till I ducked him into the font and he came up smiling ! God be praised , a miracle . Oh , I think it had more to do with tipping him suddenly backwards and up again , it brought up the wind . I didn 't seriously think it was the magical effect of holy water . Were you surprised to hear that I was a clergyman ? I was surprised you admitted you were . I 'm not ashamed of it . Well , where was God in the plague ? - Man made the plague . - God made man . Free . That was the greatness of the gift . - Free to destroy himself ? - If he chose . And God just watched ? I can understand how you feel . I felt it at one time . But we just have to accept rather than question , don 't we ? Paul Pitman died for me so that my baby could be born into a world that 's just a desert . You 'll be telling me next that it was all God 's will . No , I don 't believe that . But I do believe that one day , good will come of it . John , I want you ! We just have to believe that in the end ... It will have proved to have been worth it ? The dying ? - Will you tell Greg that I called ? - Yes . We should be getting some more soap soon . - What , that goo ? - Well , it cleans nappies . I want real soap . I want nappies that come in crisp hygienic packets , and safety pins and chemists . I want a little blue baby bath . I want a doctor to call in once a week to say he 's doing fine , and a hospital on hand if he 's not . Will bitterness help ? ( DOOR OPENING ) And don 't drop them in the muck this time . What can you say to help ? Trust in the Lord ? What , again ? I 'd better go . Thank you for calling , Vicar . I 'm sorry I couldn 't offer you a cup of tea . Oh , Lewis . Come in here a minute , will you ? I 've got something to show you . Look at this . I unearthed it amongst a pile of junk . Now , you could do with this . A prayer desk ? Yes , it 's lost one side , but I 'm sure Jack could fix that . - Look at this carving . - I don 't want a prayer desk , Arthur . Well , you can use it for your services , as a lectern . Put your Bible on it . Well , I 'm not sure that I should be holding a service . You see , I left Cheltenham in rather a hurry , like most people . There was an army truck going with some soldiers , and I went with them , just as I was . Well , the fact is , I don 't even have a Bible with me . - You could use mine . - Yours ? Yes , I found it rather a comfort after ... After my wife and sons were ... Well , certain passages . # While shepherds washed their socks by night # All seated on the ground - # The angel of the ... # - Socks ? - It weren 't socks . - Eh ? " Flocks " , that 's what it were . " Washed their flocks " . I thought it was " socks " . Wash their socks ? No , flocks ! Flocks of sheep ! Ought to be " dip " , really . " Dipped their flocks . " Good night , Daniella , I think I 'll turn in . # The angel of the Lord came down ... # - Hey , how does it go on from there ? - You see , you can 't remember . What 's the vicar gonna do when no one can 't remember the hymns ? Perhaps we should make up our own . I hope they don 't let you try . " Wash their socks " . No , Alan 's right . I mean , we 're making a fresh start with everything else , why not religion , too ? Why make a start with that at all ? Who needs all that superstitious claptrap anyway ? Bishops and choirboys and babes in a manger . When I think of all those churches and cathedrals and sky pilots like Lewis here telling you what 's good for you ... I wonder what became of Il Papa ? I went to San Pietro once . Many thousand people in the piazza . And Il Papa at the window giving us his blessing . I expect the big piazza is still there . I shall be saying a short service on Sunday in the yard at 11 : 00 . You 'll need hymn books . We 'll sing what we can and say a few prayers . We 'll have readings from the Bible . And mass ? - Daniella , I 'm not empowered to give ... - But , Father . You can make your communion afterwards if you wish . With my sins forgiven ? Daniella , I am not worthy to hear you . What 's this ? It must be very uncomfortable wearing your shirt back to front . So I made you a proper one , Father . - What did she make it from ? - Her own skirt . - What about the collar ? - Bit of sacking I think , starched with a flour paste . He looks like a real parson now . And I 've no new clothes for Paul at all . - If Daniella 's got that much time ... - Have you asked her ? I just think there are more important things to do in this place than make a bib and tucker for the parson . Well , sure there is . There 's sugar beet and oats to sow , and cabbage , kale and potatoes for the winter . And teaching people the kind of crafts we need here , not to mention planning some kind of schooling for the children . - All right , Greg . - We need a telephone system , power for tools , some kind of motorised transport , but a planned programme , not this bumbling , inefficient amateurism letting everyone do his own thing . If there 's one thing I can 't stand at the moment , it 's Charles ' damn patience with everyone . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) Come in . Ah . I thought I might find you here . You know that plough Jack was supposed to be mending for us ? What , hasn 't he done it yet ? He hasn 't even started on it . You know what he is doing ? - Lewis can do without that . - Yeah , of course he can . But look at it . Arthur says that that 's years old , been made by somebody who probably couldn 't even read or write . So what ? I thought if I could carve something on this side as beautiful as that on that side ... - It would take ages . - Well , what 's the hurry ? That 's the trouble with some of you people , you 're in too much of a hurry . - Hear , hear . - If you don 't get that plough done ... You 'll get it today . The last world went wrong because it pushed ahead so fast it got out of control . This time , let 's get our values right . - Treat progress as a bonus . - Yeah , too true . I say , that 's coming on well , Jack . GREG : Ah , it frightens me . There 's little enough commitment here as it is without a priest to undermine it . Undermine it ? Oh , I 'm sure there 's nothing subversive about Lewis . There 's more to life than just making a living , Greg . You believe that now , next winter we could all be starving . Even the most primitive societies had their gods . ( CHUCKLING ) And wasn 't ignorance bliss ? All religion does is just provide something to fall back on , an insurance against failure . Why bother to work when everything you lack is gonna be made up for you in the next world ? Mmm . Accept your lot , don 't question . Blessed are the meek , blessed are the poor . Greg is right . It gives even non-believers an excuse to opt out . Yes , well some non-believers find other excuses for that , Jenny . Don 't be such a hustler , Greg . If it 's commitment you want , then people must be allowed to find it for themselves in their own way . - Maybe Lewis can help them do that . - Are you prepared to take that risk ? We have got no authority to impose a way of life on other people . A lot of people want authority . They 're not interested in working it out for themselves , they want to be told . Free from responsibility . That 's why they 're responding to Lewis . You 've no right to impose a way of life on anyone ? In your position , Charles , you haven 't the right not to . Can John and I go down to the river ? No . At least , not yet . You can give Paul his bottle first . Oh , can I ? Now , you know how to do it . - And give him plenty of time for burps . - I know . Wait , John , I 've got to feed Paul first . Oh , we 've problems enough without worrying about religion or leadership . Just how much sugar beet are we planting , Greg ? PHILIP : It 's only a flower . LEWIS : But think of its complexity . Think of everything that went into it to bring it to such living beauty . It blooms there unseen whether we 're here or not . That sky . That owes nothing to man , either . PHILIP : It needs us to see it . I wonder . Certainly , we 're here to see it . Beauty , truth , love , goodness , aspects of God which man has the power to realise in himself . It 's the quality of life that matters . How we live , not how long . CHARLES : What 's happening about this ditch , then ? We 've others to dig yet . Unless we can drain that high ground and stop it saturating the fields down there , everything we 've just planted will rot . Then what will we live on ? - Give me a hand with the pipes , Alan . - I 'm surprised you care . Not much quality of life in laying drains , is there ? ALAN : I suppose it don 't matter to God that almost everyone in the world was wiped out by a plague . Just as long as he can still send up a sunset once a day . Look , we weren 't all wiped out . You and I weren 't for a start . Oh , yeah ? Chosen few , are we ? There will always be some survivors after any catastrophe . Enough to start again and perhaps do better . You scare me . Well , how do you come to terms with what happened , then ? Well , come on . We 'd better get on with this trench . Get stuffed . Lizzie , you can milk the cows , can 't you ? I 'll have a go . Anyway , we 'll be back by then . You coming , are you ? Yeah , why not ? Tell Greg and Charles where we 're going , will you , Daniella ? - We won 't be long . - Does Father Lewis know ? Course not , supposed to be a surprise for him . Well , you coming , Hubert ? Two miles at least . - Where you off to , then ? - Why , fancy a walk , do you ? Wash their socks ! Don 't you think it 's too dry ? Well , for the time being . - Hubert said it 's gonna rain later on . - Yeah , and if it doesn 't ? Well , we 'll just have to water it again ourselves , I suppose . Uh-huh . If you say so . Thanks , Jenny . Funny it should take religion of all things to make me snap out of it . Ah , I shouldn 't have blown my top at Charles like that , should I ? Well , it made me see sense at least . No , it 's just that I 've been going on complaining that people aren 't working hard enough and ... And you 've got me and the children hanging around your neck . No , it 's not that , it 's ... Well , we 've been getting more than we 've been earning . Not that Charles minded . That 's what I find so maddening about him . ( CHUCKLING ) My poor hunted Greg . LEWIS : Greg ! Greg , that ditch we 've been digging , it 's flooded ! Well , they must have unearthed a spring or fractured a pipe from the well . Where are they all ? Well , Lewis has gone to tell Greg . I haven 't seen the other three at all . If we dig a channel down there , we should get rid of it . Harry , would you make a start on that ? I 'll go get some help . Let 's hope it won 't get into my stores , that 's all . CHARLES : Hubert . Hubert ? Hubert , can you give us a hand in the lane ? - Where 's Hubert ? - Gone off with Jack and Alan . I said I 'd do the milking if they weren 't back . They 've gone off ? What , Jack , too ? Where ? He 's gone off for what , Lizzie ? ARTHUR : Hymn books ? According to Daniella , they left about an hour ago . If that water gets in here ... - Thanks . - Three grown men on a two-mile trek over the hills to get hymn books for a church . - I never sent them . Are you sure ? - Hubert left Lizzie to milk the cows . But we can manage without hymn books . If we get everything over this side , it won 't matter if it comes in or not . Why didn 't they ask me first ? They wanted it to be nice surprise for him . Jack , he ask me to tell you . He say they will be home very soon . Those two kids , Philip and Judy , did they go with them , too ? There 's no sign of them either . It 's as if the whole place has suddenly died on us . They will soon be back . ( SPEAKING ITALIAN ) This , too , is going to be nice surprise for il padre . May as well tell them , I suppose . ( SHOUTING ) Where have you been ! The ditch you were digging has flooded ! We 've had to shift half the stores and dig a drain . We needed every hand we could find and where the hell were you ? In the tree house . Look , if you don 't want to work with this community , you can leave . - That 's just what we 're going to do . - We thought we 'd move on tomorrow . Come and talk . Does Charles know that you 've been wasting your time doing this ? But , Father ... I don 't want a surplice any more than I wanted them to go fetch hymn books . You and I depend upon these people , Daniella . They 're strong , practical and efficient . And if it wasn 't for them , you and I would have starved to death long ago . Now , if people are going to start letting down Charles , I 'm going to wish that I 'd never put this on . Where 's Greg ? Oh , he went off after we 'd finished digging the channel in the lane . You know those two who just joined us ? What are their names ? Philip and Judy . Yeah , they 're leaving tomorrow . Moving on . DANIELLA : Where will they go ? Where is there to go ? We thought we 'd make our way to the coast . Look , we 're going to try and find another boat , load up with supplies from any warehouses around . - They 're all contaminated . - Not all . How will you know which ? - The risk is enormous . - So , we 'll take some risks . At least we 'll enjoy life while we have it . We 're in love . Well , that won 't feed you . Why are you always so worried about food all the time ? We might sail across to the Continent and see what 's happening over there . - We 're free . - PET : God will provide . Maybe , maybe not . We 're really not worried . You can 't tell people what to believe . It 's because of Lewis ? There 's a lot in what he says . I mean , there are other things . Beauty , truth , goodness , things like that . JUDY : Things that matter . CHARLES : More than living ? JUDY : It 's how you live , he says . And he 's right really . Who cares about making soap ? PHILIP : After all , if you 've come through the plague , you can come through anything . We 'll just take each day as it comes . We 'll get by . We did before . If not , why worry ? It 's such a waste . What good would you be doing ? We need young people here . Can 't you see we 're trying to build a new world here ? - It looks more like the old one to me . - Alan thinks it 's just like the army . Well , Alan 's wrong . Why don 't you print some money , fix a wage rate for different jobs , then people could buy with what they earn from Arthur Russell 's store . He could make a nice supermarket , that one . - You could even have a till . - We don 't need money . - You seem to have everything else . - We share the fruits of our labours . Yeah , each according to his needs , and each to his ability . - What 's wrong with that ? - Just that when they tried it in Russia , they soon found you need a few bosses around to keep the peasants working for the common good . - There 's no bosses here . - There 's a boss class here , which doesn 't like the threat from Lewis . And in Russia they didn 't like people to believe in God , either , in case it took their minds off their work , for the state . ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) # Onward Christian soldiers # Marching as to war # With the cross of Jesus # Going on ... # Oh , you drunken klutz , you ... Yeah , you can talk . - I 've dropped me hymn books . - Never mind ... Oh , ta . # One long line of sailors # Queuing for an whore # If they ask the boatswain # He 'll show them what it 's for # Oh , cheer up . They 're only a couple of hippies , aren 't they ? Sandal-footing through the world . Make love , not war . Live off who you can . How do you like my heat exchanger ? The boiling water coming from there , goes underneath the slurry and when it comes out over there , it 's stone cold , with all the heat going into the slurry . It 's got to be about 90 degrees Fahrenheit . Getting any gas ? What do you think is pushing it up like a balloon ? We squeezed all the air out of it , remember ? You can hear it . ( LAUGHS ) And then draw it off through the valve . Now , I 'm going to put an inlet pipe , give us a constant supply of slurry . Then I have another pipe , make room for it all . But I 'll design something properly . You know , that boy Philip made some pretty astonishing remarks , Greg . Forget them . What did you say ? They 've been listening to the Reverend Lewis . Pie in the sky , not bread on earth . You look at the state that barn 's in . Jack said he was going to do a proper job on that weeks ago . Not enough urgency , Charles . They 'll be even less if Lewis sells them the idea that all that matters is their souls . I 'm not saying that 's the reason why those two kids are ... No , no , no , those two kids aren 't drifting away because of anything that Lewis said . They 're leaving because they think that Whitecross is developing into a totalitarian state . Too much authority , not too little . You 're joking . Bosses and workers , the old world all over again . That was their judgment . They come down out of that tree house , they have a quick sniff round and say , " No , thank you very much . It 's not for me . " Do you care what a couple of kids have got to say ? They 've convinced me that I was right in the first place , Greg . Let everybody develop his own way of life , at his own time , at his own speed . It may not make for efficiency , but at least we 'll have a human society here , not just an economic unit . It 'll turn into anarchy unless there 's an aim , a clearly-defined purpose . What do you want , a five-year plan ? Look , we can only offer survival , which is why Lewis needs to be encouraged . It 's a nuisance having to wait for our plough because Jack prefers to work on this prayer desk for the padre but if it gives him a satisfaction that we can 't , then that 's what matters . If they want something more than we can offer , and if Lewis can help them ... Without his dog collar ? LEWIS : If you rather expect to be something of a failure , whatever you do , it 's not a bad idea to enter a profession where success in this world is not meant to count for very much anyway . Is that why you joined the church ? Not consciously . But I certainly didn 't have a vocation . I just accepted what I was taught . In the kind of parish I was in , nothing much more was demanded . Until the sickness came . And that made you see straight at last ? What do you mean by that ? Isn 't that why you threw away your dog collar in the first place , from disgust ? Arthur says you haven 't even got a Bible . No , I threw that away , too . Disgust ? I try to fool myself that it was . Rather no God than a cruel God . With what delight I encompassed that idea . To see that man was just an animal after all . What a luxury , not having to believe in God . I mean , that 's easy . What takes courage is to believe against all the odds . No , it wasn 't lack of faith that made me throw away my Bible , it was just lack of guts . But here , where people were beginning to live once more , you felt it safe to stand up again and be counted . As long as people expected no more of me than that . When two young people take off into that terrifying world out there , hoping to find beauty , truth , love , goodness , when a woman whose sins must be far outweighed by her suffering begs me to hear her confession , when they start calling me " Vicar " , " Shepherd of the flock " . ( SIGHING ) I 'm not worthy to be their pastor . When I think of some of the powerful men of God that I 've met , dedicated , confident , inspiring priests , that it should be left to me ... If it was cowardice that made me take it off before , it 's certainly not that now . Are you sure ? ( SLURRED SINGING ) That 's the lot . If the damn vicar wants any more , he can get them himself . ( GIGGLING ) We 've even got him this ! Mamma mia , you 're drunk ! ( GROANING ) What stuff it was , too . Who 'd have thought the holy wine would have been bad . Well , there they all are . All of them , hymns ancient and modern . Well , you could have saved yourself the trouble . There 's to be no Sunday mass after all . But you can 't let them down now . Daniella has made this for you . She 's made you a surplice , too . They fetched hymn books and a cross . And we 're still waiting for Jack 's plough because he 's been too busy repairing that lectern , for you . What does Greg feel about it ? I agree with Charles . Thanks for helping Jenny . But even Daniella doesn 't really believe . She just wants me to believe for her and tell her what 's what . Won 't that do for a start ? What are you afraid of , Lewis ? Inadequacy . ( SIGHS ) Come on , Carrot . " And why take ye thought for raiment ? " Consider the lilies of the field , how they grow . " They toil not , neither do they spin . " And yet I say unto you , even Solomon in all his glory " was not arrayed like one of these . " Here endeth the lesson . And now let 's sing hymn number 483 . It 's quite the wrong time of year for it , but I think that we have much to thank God for already . And it 's a tune that one of you knows at least . It ain 't here . Think the mice must have been at this one . LEWIS : We Plough The Fields and Scatter . ( LEWIS HUMMING ) # We plough the fields and scatter # The good seed on the land # The shepherds wash their socks by night # All seated on the ground # He sends the snow in winter # The warmth to swell the grain # The breezes and the sunshine ... # Well , I thought you 'd be at the service . Mustn 't let the side down , eh ? No division in the ranks . It really would be like the old world again . I even thought you might have expected me to be there . No , we have the right to our faith , too , Greg . # For all his love # He only is the maker # Of all things near and far # He paints the wayside flower # He lights the evening star # The winds and waves obey him # By him the birds are fed # Much more to us , his children ... #
