 NARRATOR : In 1975 , when Britain was a nation seemingly grinding to a halt with political upheaval , strikes , and all things grubby and grim , what did the BBC think we wanted to watch on a gloomy Wednesday night in April ? Apiece of shiny , science fiction escapism ? No . It was the end of the world . With mud . And we loved it . The public were very interested in it . It made people think . It was so believable . It could happen anywhere . I think it 's highly topical today . It 's as topical now as it was then . I mean , this just seemed fact , rather than fiction . What would happen if only one person survived to every ten thousand ? NARRATOR : Survivors was a landmark series , with an incredible audience grabbing premise . Nearly everyone in the world dies , and only a few of us are left . How do we survive ? Come on , take this . It might bring the fever down a bit . A mysterious illness sweeps the world , killing millions . Slashing the population of the UK down to under 10,000 . The remaining individuals struggle to survive in a world where nothing works any more and the finite stockpiles of resources are slowly depleting . If you have an apocalypse where no one survives , then that 's an easy story to tell . The more difficult one is where you have a number of people having to contend with an apocalyptic situation . Where , what has then been perceived as being something taken for granted , can no longer be taken for granted . That is , I think , the strength of the Survivors series . In that it presented that challenge again to the viewer . And the viewer could say , " But I don 't know how to make a loaf of bread . " Or , " What would I do with a car if I couldn 't get petrol ? " And all those what ifs then became very much dramatised for them by the way that our various characters responded in different ways . What about ... NARRATOR : The newly de-populated Great Britain is a country torn by lawlessness and anarchy . The three series of Survivors followed a key group of characters as they not only get to grips with the tricky business of survival , but also their struggle to re-establish and structure a new society . Themes of self-sufficient and commune living , hot topics for the 70s , are explored . That 's the whole of the crop gone , all our spring cabbage . As well as hard-hitting sociological and philosophical issues relating to law and order and the nature of political ambition . Mrs Grant , we will never get back to any law and order while men like him are allowed to grab power . ( GUN FIRES ) STEVE O 'BRIEN : What it was doing was a very interesting , fresh look at society . In terms of if you start from scratch , how do we re-convene ? Do we need leaders ? Are we gonna have a kind of libertarian society ? It talks and looks at these issues in an interesting way that I don 't think could be done now . It 's a fascinating year zero approach . For so long , we actually accept that there is a judiciary . That there is a police force . That there are other ... There 's an army . ( GUN FIRES ) In Survivors , then the individuals had to be their own police force , their own judiciary , their own army . NARRATOR : With Terry Nation as its deviser , Survivors could hardly fail to become a cult hit . His pedigree was already secured by creating Doctor Who 's most endearing baddies . The Daleks . Survivors brought together the considerable talents of writer Terry Nation with producer Terence Dudley . Terence Dudley had produced Doomwatch , the early 70s series that peddled the complete range of apocalyptic scenarios . And had just finished directing on the 70s classic series , Colditz . A kind of World War II Prison Break , with moustaches and not so many tattoos . That series featured cult favourite David McCallum in the lead role . Oh , we got a tough one here . But left Terence Dudley free to cast certain key parts . TV newcomer Ian McCulloch landed one such role . 248719 , Pilot Officer Page . And I was asked to go and do an interview with Terry Dudley for an episode of Colditz . So , I did that . And I 'll admit , it was a very , very good episode . You answer my question ... ( SCREAMING IN PAIN ) And then suddenly I got a phone call saying Terry Dudley wants to see you . He 's doing a new series , it 's called Survivors . And along I went and that was how this all started . NARRATOR : Ian McCulloch played Greg Preston . The brooding industrial engineer turned brooding farmer-cum-cowboy . I mean , Ian was so solid . Thank God for Ian . He had a sort of anger in him . Which , I think , was really good . - She 'll never believe that . - She 'll damn well have to . You know the odds against him being alive ? Millions to one . Millions ! Because , inevitably , if you 've got a lot of grief and destruction and death and panic and not knowing what is going to happen to the future , there must be anger because it 's so uncertain . McCULLOCH : But to say , we were also told at the beginning , that it was going to be more a sort of female orientated series rather than a male one . NARRATOR : And that was certainly the case . Lucy Fleming , actress daughter of Celia Johnson of Brief Encounter fame , and niece of Bond and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang creator Ian Fleming , played the naive ex-secretary turned happy-self-sufficiency survivor , Jenny Richards . It did feel exceptional . It felt exceptional that the women were the , sort of , the leaders of the drama . Which , I think , in those days , was quite unusual . NARRATOR : Survivors plucky heroine , Abby Grant , a housewife turned post-apocalyptic ass kicker , was played by Carolyn Seymour . SEYMOUR : In Take Three Girls , I had done a rather hard-hitting sort of journalist . I 'm going to send back that typewriter , and the vase , and the bracelet . But I 'd also played strippers . I played a stripper in the film Steptoe and Son . The stripper was also a strong woman . So , obviously , everybody saw me as a strong woman . And I knew that that was me and I knew that I have the strength to do it . Well , does anyone disagree with the rules that I have suggested ? NARRATOR : Abby Grant was a standout role that set the tone for the entire series . I love the idea of her , because she was so dynamic and she was so strong . And there were very few women lead characters who were that strong at the time . And she was written beautifully . I mean , I loved Terry 's writing . She 's very much a leader and she was playing a leader . So , that worked well . She has a sort of hard side ... The character , I mean , has a hard side to her , which I think Carolyn brought out beautifully . NARRATOR : Directing at the helm of the opening episode , and others across the series , was Pennant Roberts . Pennant had worked with Terence Dudley on both Doomwatch and Colditz , and took on the challenge of Survivors . I could see this as being potentially an extremely exciting project , because of the central premise . ROBERTS : The essence of the opening title sequence of Survivors was really to compress into , what was it , 30 seconds , a short storyboard of the catastrophe which had confronted the world , with the virus spreading out from China very fast and attacking all the Western civilisations . Not only did it act then as a trigger for the first episode of the series , but a reminder then in subsequent episodes as to what it was all about . Accompanied by , I thought , a very fine piece of title music . Which was full of ominous overtones . So that you were left in no doubt that things were going to get worse before they were gonna get better . NARRATOR : The first episode , entitled " The Fourth Horseman " , features a guest-star role for Peter Bowles . If things really get as bad as all that , I 'm sure they 'll declare a state of emergency or something . And sets up the beginning of the end of civilisation . Anyway , we 're all right , living in the country . And Carolyn Seymour playing tennis with all the aplomb you would expect from a young British hopeful . No , she wasn 't very good at all . I don 't play tennis . I never played tennis . I loathe tennis . I hated it . And suddenly I was dressed in these white clothes in the middle of winter , playing with this ghastly tennis ball machine . We didn 't do , like , ten minutes of this . We ended up doing about an hour and a half . And I hadn 't lifted anything heavier than a wineglass for about four years . So ... Oh , well , a baby , I suppose . But this was ... No way , I couldn 't do it ! And I was so sore the next two days , I could not actually walk . I mean , I was crippled . I could do with a cold drink , Mrs Transon . I start off by looking like this completely , sort of , middle-class housewife , suburban housewife , whose son 's at school and dad goes off to the station , and I putter about with my housekeeper . And within halfway through that episode , I 'm realising that devastation is all around me , that people are dying , that I have no choice but to get out of there . And so we had to go through a lot of ... I had long hair which I had to cut , I had ... A really good shower scene where I 'm very clearly nude and having a shower , which , I think , was probably quite interesting for the BBC at that time . And then I go from being completely sort of happy and content with my tiny little life , to suddenly being a very aggressive warrior . The first episode doesn 't go into the actual sort of what happens when people die . It just shows that people are dying very rapidly and there 's nothing anybody can do . There 's a very good doctor in it who just realises the whole thing is hopeless and tries to give everybody flu jabs , but , of course , too late by then . They 'll find something , won 't they ? They 'll find a cure . They 're not gonna let millions of people die ! It is a mutant virus , Jenny . And not yet identified . And with the speed this thing is travelling , we have no way of stopping it . In a few days , the cities will be like open cesspits . My character , Jenny , is a secretary and she has a friend who is very ill in her flat , somebody she shares a flat with , goes to a hospital to try and get help and her friend , who 's the doctor , says ... Jenny , you 've got to get out of here . Not just the flat , I mean London . - She 's dead ? - Into the country if you can . Just take a few things . You might have to walk . ROBERTS : I think the whole thinking behind episode one was that it should set out very clearly for the viewer the scale of the catastrophe confronting civilisation . And so that 's why it took ... It takes the viewer from a very comfortable home counties lifestyle to the confrontation that Abby Grant meets right at the end when she 's purged herself of her old life and has prepared herself for a life which she doesn 't know what will entail . And just , " Please God , I hope I 'm not the only one . " Oh , God , please don 't let me be the only one . It was an extremely good start to the series . And I think " The Fourth Horseman " was ... Expressed the main themes of Survivors very acutely . NARRATOR : Terry Nation 's script deals with the virus itself pretty darn swiftly . And with a remarkably low body-count considering . And the story line concentrates quickly on those who are left . The survivors . McCULLOCH : He had a bright idea . It hit the audience at exactly the right time . I think they were hooked because of this , I think , very special first episode . Hey ! Hey ! NARRATOR : Nation devised the series , but where had his inspiration come from for this particular apocalyptic tale ? MARTIN WORTH : The general feeling at that time , there was a big thing about self-sufficiency . There was a book published called Self-Sufficiency . But the most critical book , that was the " in " thing at the time , was Schumacher 's book , Small is Beautiful . This was an international bestseller . The whole point about this thing was that the prosperity of society didn 't depend on big business and the big things , but what you could do yourself . And it was such an " in " thing that it led to being sent up brilliantly , in that television comedy series , The Good Life . NARRATOR : Both series shared their basic ideology . Oh , and that Volvo ! Yes , it 's the same one . WORTH : And you don 't come up with satirical series like that , and make it work , unless you are satirising something which everyone 's already talking about . And it was in that climate that we were taking seriously the idea of whether you could live that and grow your own things , and certainly you could . NARRATOR : Self-sufficiency , with its Aran-jumper-wearing heartiness , wasn 't just a middle-class fad . Much of it had become a necessity with the industrial and political turmoil of mid-70s Britain leading to shortages of bread , petrol rationing and power cuts . FLEMING : Maybe all these things percolated in Terry Nation 's mind to think , " Okay , well , let 's take it a bit further . " Supposing there aren 't any buses , there isn 't any electricity , you can 't get from A to B. Nobody can supply you with food or services . How do you cope ? NARRATOR : The culture of strike action and the loss of subsequent services may well have inspired the premise for Survivors . But it also had a direct effect on the production itself . Industrial action taken by the BBC staff in 1974 , meant that filming and transmission dates had to be put back by a crucial four months . Turning the filming of the first series from an easy summer of location filming to a winter of teeth chattering discontent . It was muddy . That 's what I ... I particularly remember the locations being very muddy . The hours were brutal . The locations were always brutal . Quite often very cold . We filmed from , sort of , early in the year through till , I suppose , April , beginning of early May . I mean , I remember standing in the river Wye . I remember running across snow . And running across ploughed fields that were rigid with ice and ... Oh , urgh ! Horrible ! NARRATOR : But tough conditions made for tough performances . Abby , you 're the figurehead here . And whether you like it or not , people are always gonna look up to you for a lead . But I 'm the manager . I run things . I was always the bossy one . I was always the leader . And I think that that came because of my position . You know , my privilege sort of thing . And Ian was the guy . I mean , he was the go-to guy , he was the guy who fixed everything . He came up with solutions . Go on ! Shoo ! Shoo ! Out ! Out ! There was a scene , quite early on in the series , when we went to a supermarket to pick up some provisions and there at the end , was a man hanging dead . With " Looter " written across him . FLEMING : It was once we 'd discovered this looter 's body hanging up saying , this is what happens to looters , that Greg said , " We shouldn 't go in here , we shouldn 't go in here . Look what happens . " No . We 'll get what we came for . Look , we can get what we want somewhere else . - Everything we want is here . - You just can 't ignore that . That 's a pretty calculated way to warn people off . You 'd be just damn stupid to ignore it . It 'll only take me ten minutes to get what we need . Abby would always challenge every decision . She never just blindly followed things and I think Lucy 's character ended up learning how to do that , too . You all right ? Mmm . Just made me feel a bit sick , that 's all . McCULLOCH : Lucy was a softer , rather more timid , very sort of backward about coming forward . And she adapted to the situation that sort of faced all of us . Get down there ! Go on ! SEYMOUR : The whole thrust of the series was on a different level than most series that were running at the time . And I think that what was refreshing about it was that it incorporated political viewpoints . It incorporated ... It was bashing some of the standards that we were all living by , which was essential at that time . Seems to me that we have no choice . ABBY : What ? Capital punishment . My favourite episode , only because of the ghastliness of it , was the capital punishment one . The absurd law and order was ... A girl was murdered , one of the community was murdered , and there was a slightly mentally deficient chap in the series who , through misunderstanding , admitted his guilt . Although he hadn 't done it . Why did you say " I didn 't do it " when Greg and Mr Russell caught you this morning ? ( STAMMERS ) I didn 't . Ho did you know Wendy was dead ? And the community as a whole had to decide how to cope with it because he was obviously a danger to the community . And in the end , people had very strong views either way , and in the end , we had a vote and we had to decide between banishment or death . GREG : ... which leaves you with the casting vote . FLEMING : Carolyn 's character had the deciding vote 'cause it was four against four . And she went for the death . Then the chaps had to draw straws on who would shoot him . So it was quite heavy . I am so anti capital punishment . I still am and always will be . And I don 't see the point of it and I didn 't see the point then . And it was one of those moments that I really fought everybody on it . I wanted him to go off on his own and have to pay the price by being alone and ostracised . I did not want to have to kill him . And it caused me sleepless nights and anguish and nobody ... They were determined . I mean , in retrospect , it was a good idea . I mean , one had to do it that way but I hated being part of it . The sort of twist , if you like it , well , not even a twist at the end , was that he hadn 't in fact done the murder . And when Abby and Greg discovered that , they decided not to tell the community . GREG : I 'm fighting for survival , not principles . They have a right to know . And I 'm warning you that if you insist on telling them , then I 'm gonna challenge you . And if that happens , then what we 've got here is just gonna fall apart . FLEMING : And that , I think , was extraordinary . Sort of said a lot about their characters , about the series , about the whole situation . But it was a great piece of writing , actually , and acting , but that was quite special . NARRATOR : The series ' loftier ambitions met popular praise . But churlishly , many only remember where it didn 't get it quite right . ANNOUNCER : On BBC1 , Survivors . Is there anything I can get for you or the old woman ? Food . We 're very hungry . ANNOUNCER : The survivors face starvation on BBC1 , tomorrow night at 8 : 10 . My first episode on location , I think , with the OB unit had a dog pack . And I thought , " Well , now what do we call a dog pack ? " Twenty-five to thirty scruffy looking dogs who have been foraging for themselves for a number of months . They came back to me and said , " Look , top whack , we fancy you 'll only be able to afford 15 dogs . " So I said , " If we 've only got 15 , for goodness sake " be sure that they looked ferocious . " - They may be rabid . - Rabies ? Yeah . Just look . ROBERTS : And when the dogs turned up , they 'd got them from , I don 't know , from Croft 's I think , 'cause they were all a very mixed bag of lanky poodles and very far from my initial concept of what a dog pack should appear like ! So I don 't think that was a great success . ( GUN FIRING ) NARRATOR : It wasn 't just live animals that caused the problems . With the likes of turkey twizzlers permanently off the survivors ' menu , the props department had to provide the cast with a steady supply of dead rabbits . # Rabbits and cabbage ... # All these dead rabbits were hanging up in the props truck and it was quite sunny the day that we were putting our make-up on . We were outside and suddenly we just hear these muffled explosions . And the props guy , we suddenly realise it 's coming from the prop truck , and he opens the prop truck and there 's just this mass of exploded rabbits . I mean , blood and guts everywhere 'cause he 'd forgotten to pouch them . But there were moments like that which were fun . Well done , boy . Well done . A marvel , that 's what you are , a marvel . NARRATOR : They might not have had washing machines , washing powder or hot water , but then , why let the end of civilisation get in the way of a good look ? FLEMING : I think sometimes we looked a bit too clean , actually . Sort of clean hair , well washed and all that sort of thing . And we still seemed to have white shirts and clean jerseys and nice jeans , not all the time , but quite a lot of the time . If you 're a costume designer , then what you need to preserve as much as anything is continuity . Therefore , the best continuity is clean . If you 've got to work fast , it 's very difficult to actually have unclean as continuity . So consequently , the wardrobe staff were probably up all night laundering the clothes for the shoot the next day . People said that it looked too clean and wonderful but it was impossible to do anything about it . And in the same way , the other criticism was , " Too middle class . " This is very iffy ground talking about the class issues in that series . I can 't get used to not having a newspaper at breakfast . It 's kind of weird that because it was so ahead of its time , in terms of giving really strong roles to women , that it 's so sort of slightly backwards in terms of its attitude to class . The crooks tended to be Northern or Cockney or ... Not middle class . Listen to him talking . He 's too good for this world , he is . He won 't demean himself by eating with us . He doesn 't want to mix with the common herd . It 's the only area that we didn 't break the standard . When you look at the three of us who were the leads . Was it awful , London ? Yeah , must have been bad in all the cities . It 's true , I mean , the middle classes were the ones that ruled and then everybody else ... And that was appalling ' cause we didn 't pull on the vast resource . We didn 't pull on the courage that was there . We didn 't focus on character , we focused on position . - He did it ! - What do you mean , he did it ? - I told you to do it . - Well , I told him . You got no damn right to . It 's chain of command . Delegating responsibility . Yeah , passing the buck , you mean . The class system had to go , it had to go , but we didn 't get rid of it in Survivors , that 's for sure . A lot of the working class characters , they are slightly conniving and untrustworthy , and it 's sort of clear that if we 're going to find a way out of this mess , you gotta speak with a RP accent . But I think it 's unfair to criticise Survivors too much for that because that was the make-up of television at the time . It was a very middle class world , you know ? NARRATOR : Terry Nation stopped writing for Survivors after series one . In series two , the storylines explored a more ecological , commune style approach to the Survivors theme . Taking on the technical challenges of producing methane gas from manure , for example . I learnt to hate methane , and anything to do with making gas . NARRATOR : By the third and final season , things start to get on the move again and we see our survivors well on their way to re-establishing something closer to order . And in the final episode ... JENNY : Think what electricity means . I want the children to have everything that I had once . NARRATOR : Electric power is restored and the real struggle to survive , well , it 's over . Of Survivors initial trio of key actors , only Lucy Fleming was there to the bitter end . Ian McCulloch 's character was written out in an episode he penned himself in series three . I wasn 't happy with the scripts in the second series . And I thought the whole idea , it got right away from whatever Terry Nation 's original view on it had been and it lacked pace , it lacked drama , it lacked confrontation , and I honestly thought they were rather boring . So I wrote an episode for the second series and then left the series . And to cover up for my exit , I was asked to write my death episode . NARRATOR : In " The Last Laugh " , Greg Preston contracts small-pox and sacrifices his life to save the community . When I say " stay away " , I mean stay away . So , goodbye . NARRATOR : But Survivors most surprising cut came way back at the end of the very first series . I got fired . It 's very simple , I got fired . I think it was just a mistake of Terry Dudley 's . The producer , Terence Dudley , just didn 't like me . He plain didn 't like me . I think it was his decision and I think that having built Carolyn up into this sort of strong character , I mean , she was that strong character , and I think he found that a little difficult to take . And I think that probably Terry Dudley thought " No , I can 't cope with this very much longer . " And decided that he had the power to write her out , which I think was a grave mistake . They wanted a strong woman to play Abby Grant . I met them , I was strong , and Terence Dudley hated it . I just thought it was a pity . A , because the dynamics between the three of us was good . And she was very successful in the character . I couldn 't see how it could go on without the three of us . We created the perfect triad . I mean , I was the sort of fire and Lucy and Ian were the strength . It was really hard but I could be abrasive . And I could be , which is more to the point , even more abrasive if I 'd had a drink or two . And one of the things that became really clear , patently clear to me by the end of that series , is that I had a lot of trouble with alcohol . And I was in fact an alcoholic . And I think that he was terrified that I was going to become a liability . So , in one respect , he was absolutely right to fire me . But I may well have appreciated the opportunity to do something about it . It 's too bloody late . NARRATOR : Waving goodbye to Abby Grant , relocating to Hollywood and knocking the booze on the head led to , surprise , surprise , strong woman , most-likely-to-be - the-murderer roles in everything from Hart to Hart to Quantum Leap . SEYMOUR : I have murdered everybody in every way imaginable on every single show that 's ever been on , episodic TV show , that 's been in this country , I think , until , you know , the year 2000 . Or I was a Romulan commander or two and , you know , science fiction . Strong women , all of them . Lean , mean machines who 'll stop at nothing to get what they want . And that was me . NARRATOR : Lucy continued acting in theatre roles and popped up on our screens in MI5 series , Cold Warrior . I say we 're in executive head-hunting . And Ian , well ... Got a phone call from my agent saying there 's an Italian film company that want you to star in a film and it 's about zombies . And it was April 1st . NARRATOR : He went on to star in the notorious zombie slasher movie , Zombie Flesh Eaters . I thought they were little sort of Hammer House of Horror type things , sort of fun to do and silly to watch . And they 've all been banned as video nasties . NARRATOR : Thirty years later , the central premise of Survivors still seems to capture people 's imagination . Well , we still see , don 't we , there is always a danger of pandemics . And we 've had bird flu in the last couple of years as being a pandemic threatening to break out . It 's still topical . There 's still stuff in that series that you can relate to now and that can change people 's thinking . The fan base now is extraordinary . Because it 's out on DVD , a lot of the younger people are watching it and so there 's a whole new generation who are working out what they would do and , of course , today even more dependent on technology , computers , mobile phones , communications . How would it work ?
