 MRS TRANSON : Mrs Grant ! Mrs Grant ! ABBY : Yes ? MRS TRANSON : Telephone ! ABBY : Oh , I 'm coming . I 'll just switch this off . It 's Peter . He 's ringing from school . Oh , coming . ABBY : Peter ? ( PANTING ) Hello , darling . You all right ? Oh , good . Oh , yes . We 're fine . Daddy 's in London , but he 'll be home this evening . What ? ( LAUGHING ) No , I 've just been playing tennis with that new machine . Well , what 's happening there ? Gosh ! That sounds exciting . Just like being under siege . Darling , listen , will you call me before the end of the week ? No , no . I 'm not worried . It 's just that they 've closed off the village school . And I thought they might be doing the same and sending you all home . Yes . Yes , all right . No , we 'll be in then . Yes . All right , darling . I 'll talk to you at the end of the week . All right , darling . Yes . Well , take care of yourself . Bye , darling . Bye . I could do with a cold drink , Mrs Transon . - Is he all right ? - Oh , yes . He 's fine . Sounds like they 're all enjoying it actually . They 've closed the school off . The tradesmen deliver the goods at the gate and the boys go down and collect . Ah , very sensible . - No sign of it there yet ? - No . Well , Peter says there are a dozen or so boys in the school sam , but matron thinks it 's some sort of stomach bug . - Nothing to worry about . - Well , that 's good . Well , if they 're lucky they might miss the worst of it . Yes . I hope so . Mmm . Goodness , I must dash . I 'm picking David up from the early train . Mrs T , would you be a love and turn off the tennis trainer ? I 'd like to go home for a couple of days , Mrs Grant . There 's nothing wrong , is there ? Have you heard from your sister ? Well , I tried to ring her this morning and there was no reply . So I tried again about an hour ago and there was a funny sort of signal . I got the operator . She said there 's a big breakdown in the South London area . No calls going through at all . Well , that doesn 't mean anything bad necessarily , does it ? They said in the radio today that all the exchanges were short-staffed . I know . But the phone was ringing this morning and she didn 't answer . Doris never goes out in the morning . Yes . Well of course , you must go then , just to set your mind at rest . - Thank you . - You get ready now . I 'll run you to the station . We 'll be in time for the 4 : 20 . ( PHONE RINGING ) Hello . Hello ? There should be the news on at 4 : 00 . ( SOFT MUSIC PLAYING ) ( CAR HONKING ) It 's Dr Gordon 's car . He 's stopping . - ABBY : Hello Joe . - Abby . - Are you and David home tonight ? - ABBY : Yes . May I come by about 9 : 00 ? I want to give you both a shot of the flu vaccine . Oh , that 's marvellous . I 've been meaning to ask you about that . Listen , why don 't you bring Margaret ? We 'll have a drink . Oh , she 's not feeling any too grand at the moment . Anyway I won 't be able to stop . I 'm trying to get around the whole district before it gets too serious . Have you had many cases of it yet ? I 've got a couple of dozen who are showing symptoms . But I think they 're just trying to be fashionable . Anyway , I will give you all the news tonight . - All right . About 9 : 00 then . Bye , Joe . - Bye-bye . Now , don 't you worry , Mrs Transon . I 'm sure Doris will be fine . London train 's in if you want it . You 'll have to hurry . You better get your tickets at the other end . I 'll probably be back tomorrow but I 'll try and ring . ABBY : Now , go on quickly . And don 't worry . Everything will be all right . Bye ! I must be slow . Well , that 's not the 4 : 20 . That one should have been leaving here at 2 : 15 . And what about the trains from London ? Are they leaving on time ? Well , there 's been nothing on the down line for a couple of hours . They don 't know where they are at Paddington . Can 't get any sense out of them . As far as we can tell , only about half the crew 's turned up to work . We don 't even know which services have been cancelled . They 're a right , old mess if you ask me . Everything all gone to pot . And on top of that , even the telephones are jammed up . Oh , yes . That reminds me . I want to report a fault on our phone . STATIONMASTER : That 's no good . That 's out of order too . It has been all afternoon . Look , I expected my husband on the 4 : 45 . Do you have any idea when it is likely to ... Your guess is as good as mine . Time tables don 't mean anything today . Everything 's all gone to pot . ( SIGHS ) ( RADIO SWITCHING ON ) NEWSREADER : ... monitoring organisations say that massive jams are building up on roads throughout the country . The Metropolitan Police advise drivers to delay their homeward journeys for as long as possible to help stop further congestion . And now , news from other world capitals . New York is still without electric power 24 hours after the breakdown . It is estimated that half the city 's workforce are affected . And the Governor has declared a state of emergency . Sources in both Rome and Paris report growing concern among the medical authorities about the rapid spread of the virus . The World Health Organisation have issued ... Oh , you 're soaking wet . Come on . Take this . It might bring the fever down a bit . I thought you 'd had the injection . Didn 't they give everybody in your office a shot ? ( MOANING IN PAIN ) What 's the matter ? Lumps . My arms . Do they hurt when you touch them ? I 'm so cold . ( PATRICIA BREATHING HEAVILY ) - Oh , you 're burning . - ( SOBBING ) I 'm so cold . I 'm going to get the doctor to look at you . It 's still off . I 'll go around to the surgery . If he 's not there , I 'll see if I can find Andrew at the hospital . Even if he can 't come himself , he might be able to give me something for you . Don 't ... Don 't leave me , Jen . I won 't be long , love . You try and get some sleep if you can . I won 't be long . ( STATIC ON RADIO ) ( MUFFLED ) Abby . Abby ! Oh , you got here ? - You all right ? - Yes . I just dropped off . I 've been here since about 4 : 00 . - Why , what time is it now ? - About 8 : 30 . I 've had a hell of a time getting here , you know . There wasn 't anything moving out of Paddington at all . I had to get a lift up to Slough and then a train up to Twyford and then a bus . ( SIGHS ) You wouldn 't believe . I 've been travelling for about six or seven hours . Darling , you must be exhausted . I 'm too angry to be exhausted . ( SIGHS ) The radio said there were bad traffic jams . Bad ? In the city they were bumper to bumper . Tailback must have been miles long . ( ENGINE STARTING ) Well , I 've never seen anything like it . It 'll take them literally days to get things sorted out . Not that I saw anybody doing anything about it . ABBY : Well , never mind . You 're at home now , darling . ( SIGHS ) Yes . Well , I 've got to stay here till they get things organised . I 'm not going through another journey like I 've been through today . ANNOUNCER ON PA : Attention . Attention please . There has been a major power failure on some of the London sections of the region . It is possible there will be very considerable delays on both up and down line traffic . Passengers are advised to find alternative forms of travel . Attention please . ( HONKING ) ( CARS HONKING ) ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) ( BABY CRYING ) - Oh , excuse me . Do you know ... - Oh , just ask at the desk , please , - would you ? - ... where I could possibly find Dr ... - Andrew ! Andrew ! - Jenny , what are you doing here ? I went to Dr Weston 's surgery . They said he was here . - Pat 's sick . - Oh , no . I think she 's very ill . Well , I 'm sorry , love , but you 're not going to get anybody to come out and see her tonight . But she really is bad . Fever , and she 's got sort of lumps under her arms . She really does need a doctor . Now , look , Jen , I mean we 're snowed under here . We 're so under-staffed , we 've had to stop admitting new patients . Well , I mean if you see there 's not a bed in the place . You 're turning people away . Yes . As far as I know it 's the same in all the other hospitals . I mean our people are going down with it as fast as the patients . Now , most of the GPs in the district had to come in to work in the wards . Well , how long does the attack last ? - I mean flu isn 't ... - It is not flu . Oh , yeah . We 're giving people jabs . Oh , we might as well squirt water into them for all the good it 's done . Now the Home Secretary has ordered us to keep up the fiction . - Try and stop a panic . - Panic ? I know there have been some deaths . I heard it on the radio . But not enough to cause a panic . Oh , it 's been played down . I mean we 've had 70 deaths . - Seventy ? - And it could be double or triple that number by the morning . Yeah , we took in our first cases about six days ago . That seems to be the time it takes for infection . About six days . From what you say about Pat 's symptoms , she must have had it that long . Well , can 't you just come around and see her ? There must be something you can give her . All right . I 'll tell you what , I 'll try and grab half an hour later on , okay ? - First chance I get . - I 'll wait for you . Is there anything I can do to help here ? Yeah , you bet there is . Look , we need all the help we can get . By the way , I saw Joe Gordon today , darling . He wants to call in tonight and give us a shot of the flu vaccine . - It 's a waste of time . - I don 't see why . It may not give us a 100 % protection but at least it 's better than nothing . - I don 't think it is a flu virus . - Well , what then ? ( EXHALES ) Well , we 've had flu epidemics before . I mean I don 't think there was one office in London today where everyone turned up for work . ( CHUCKLES ) Oh , dear . ( DAVID EXHALES ) - Are we going to eat ? - Hmm ? Oh , yes of course . Why don 't you come and talk to me while I make it ? Bacon and eggs all right ? ( SIGHS ) Oh , I talked to Cameron this morning . You know he 's got an agent in Hong Kong ? Anyway , he was telling me , of course the Chinese government has clamped down the news . But he was saying that there are rumours that millions have died there . Isn 't it odd ? You talk about millions dying in India and China , has no impact at all . There was nothing on any of the news bulletins today . Yes . Some people have died in Rome apparently . Where 's the radio gone ? Yes , darling , on the dresser . I spoke to Peter today . He 's fine . Yes , I know . He telephoned me after he had spoken to you . Oh , what for ? ( CHUCKLES ) Well , actually I 'm sworn to secrecy . All I 'm allowed to say is that seeing that he 's confined to school I 've been assigned a top secret mission concerning your birthday present . ( CHUCKLES ) Oh , that 's sweet . DAVID : Now , where 's Radio 4 on this ? ABBY : Third button . ( STATIC ON RADIO ) DAVID : Oh , there 's nothing . ABBY : Well , try going up the dial . There was a bad epidemic of something about the time of the First World War , - wasn 't there ? - Hmm . Yes , that was flu . 1918 , I think . You know 20 million people died from it ? I didn 't think it could happen nowadays with modern drugs on that scale , do you ? Here 's something . ( FEEDBACK WHIRRING ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ON RADIO ) No , I can 't make that out . - Like a freshener ? - Hmm . Thanks . How bad do you think it is ? Well , it 's pretty widespread , pretty disruptive . If today was an example , I don 't see how we are going to carry on with business ? We 're going to take ages to catch up . Oh , it 'll burn itself out . Oh , yes . But judging from the chaos today , it 's going to take a while to get back to the normal . London really was impossible . Only way that could happen to it is a bad snowfall or a rail strike . It all takes time but it gets itself sorted out in the end . Mmm ? Oh , yes . Yes , I suppose so . - Aren 't you eating ? - No , I 'm going to have some cheese . Okay . You know , I never thought what happens to a city . - What do you mean ? - Well , if it all breaks down , all at the same time . There 's no power , there 's no lighting or cooking , and food , even if you get it into the city you can 't distribute it . Then there 's water , sewage . ( EXCLAIMS IN DISGUST ) Things like that . You know , it just never occurred to me when I lived in London . The city 's like a great , big pampered baby , with thousands of people feeding it and cleaning it and making sure it 's all right . ( CHUCKLING ) Pampered baby ? Look , you ... If things really get as bad as all that , I 'm sure they 'll declare a state of emergency or something . Call out troops . Anyway we are all right living in the country . We got a deep freeze full of food , big , open fires in case the central heating goes off . We 'll manage . Well , damn it . ABBY : Do you think it 's just us or the whole area ? Jenny , you 've got to get out of here . Not just the flat , I mean London . - She 's dead . - Right . Into the country if you can . Now , just take a few things . You might have to walk . I shouldn 't have left her . She must have been so frightened all on her own . Now , you should start as soon as you can and take any food that you 've got in . Don 't you feel anything ? Two years ? You 've been having an affair with her for two years . - She 's dead ! - Now , you just listen to me ! ( CANDLE FALLS ) ( SIREN WAILING ) Now , Jenny , listen to me . I 've got the disease . I 've worked it out that I picked up the infection about three days ago . Now , that roughly gives me three more days before it hits its peak and then , well I ... I don 't know what my chances are . Now , you 've been exposed to it . I imagine everybody in London has . You might have it too . Now , look , I 've watched tonight , you 've not shown any symptoms but well , that 's no guarantee . - How will I know ? - Well , you 'll know all right . I mean you 've seen enough of it tonight . You see , you could be one of the lucky ones but ... You see , in every disease there are certain people who seem to have ... Well , it 's a natural immunity . They can be in direct contact with it and never get touched . Now , look , I 've got to go back to the hospital . - I 'll come with you . - Now , Jenny , please . Why don 't you listen to what I say ? Now , I have told you to get out of London . But if I have already been exposed , what does it matter ? What difference does it make where I am ? Because if the death rate keeps accelerating at this speed , we 're not going to be able to bury our dead . There could be cholera , typhoid , and God knows what else . We 've had one survival , Jen . In all the cases we have admitted , only one person has lived beyond the crisis point . But they 'll find something , won 't they ? They 'll find a cure . They 're not going to let millions of people die . It is a mutant virus , Jenny , and not yet identified . And with the speed this thing is travelling we have no way of stopping it . In a few days , the dead will outnumber the living . The cities will be like open cesspits . Now get out , Jen . You could have a chance . I am sorry about that . - Darling ? - Hmm ? Do you think we should get Peter out of school ? No . I think he 's all right . The school 's been very sensible . Well , later if things get tricky ... All right . Oh , come on . He 's fine . Stop worrying . Get off to sleep . You 're a bit hot . Yes , it 's very warm in here . ( CLOCK CHIMING ) MAN 1 : Hello , darling . All on your own , are you ? MAN 2 : See you home , shall we ? Shouldn 't be on your tod this time of the night . MAN 1 : It 's not safe . MAN 2 : You watch this for a laugh . JENNY : Leave me alone . Kick up all the fuss you like , lovely . There 's no one about . - Oh , nice . - JENNY : Get away . Stop it . ( MEN CHUCKLING ) Come on , darling . Have a bit of fun then . ( JENNY SCREAMING ) Go on . Get in there . Go on my son . ( MEN LAUGHING ) Ah , come on . Leave her . We got more shopping to do . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) ( GLASS SHATTERS ) DAVID : Abby ! Abby ? Abby ? You all right ? Why didn 't you wake me ? Oh , God , I feel terrible ... Come , sit down . Here . - You 're okay , really .. - ( SOBBING ) I 'm gonna die , David . Oh , don 't be silly . You 're all right . Rest your head down here a minute . ABBY : David , I 'm gonna die . ( TELEPHONE CLACKING ) ( DAVID EXCLAIMS IN ANGER ) ( PHONE RECEIVER FALLS ) ( MEN CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY ) ( CAR APPROACHING ) Abby ' s got it , Joe. she 's bad . I 've been looking for you everywhere . I went up to the house . - There was no answer . - Margaret died this afternoon . ( DAVID PANTING ) Oh , God ! Oh , Joe ! Oh , I am sorry . ( DAVID EXHALES ) Bit like the old Jewish joke about chicken soup . It may not do any good , but it won 't do any harm . They 're dying , David . And there 's nothing I can do to help them . I thought we 'd missed the worst of it down here . I had 17 tonight . Four of them . A whole family went within an hour of one another . God knows what it will be like by morning . In another week ... Go on ! In another week ? I 'm tired . I may be getting a bit fanciful . If it goes on this way a week could see us with millions dead . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) You will come and have a look at Abby ? Of course . ( CAR ENGINE STARTING ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) ( MUMBLING ) ( TICKING ) ( ALARM CLOCK BUZZES ) ( ALARM CLOCK BUZZES ) ( BIRDS CHIRPING ) ( ALARM CLOCK BUZZES ) David ? David ? ( PANTING ) ( GASPS ) Are you all right ? - Stay back ! Stay away from me ! - I thought you might be hurt ? Don 't you come any closer ! All right . Have you seen any other people ? No , I 'm keeping away from them . I 'm keeping away from everybody . I don 't want to catch their germs . And you keep away too . - All right . - Where have you come from ? - London . - Oh . Bad , was it ? Was it bad there ? - Yes . - Yes , well , I 'm keeping away from them . I 'm keeping away from everybody . - Have you seen anybody ? - JENNY : I saw a car this morning . Out on the motorway . I went through a village last night . There was a church . The bell was ringing . There were people inside but I don 't know how many . They wouldn 't let me in . MAN : Ooh . Where are you going ? ABBY : Don 't know . MAN : Have you got any food ? ( HESITANTLY ) I took some things from a shop . Um , tins and some chocolate . I left the money . Well , I got a rabbit last night . Caught it with a snare . Are you going to stay here , out in the open ? I 'll wait until the doctors have got it all cleared up . I say , it 's a bit like war time , isn 't it ? - I suppose . - Ah ! Don 't worry , the Yanks will have something . A cure ! I 'll bet the Yanks will have a cure . I heard something on the radio but it must have been days ago now . But they said that there are a lot dying in America . Ah , they 'll have something , don 't you worry . After this there 'll be plenty work about . Good jobs . Big money . Good luck . MAN : You keep away from people , Miss . Till all this is cleared up . Keep away from them . ( DOG GROWLING ) ( DOG BARKING ) ( WHIMPERS ) Oh , God , please don 't let me be the only one . ( VASE SHATTERS ) ( SOBBING ) Oh ! Peter ! ( QUAVERING ) ( CAR APPROACHING ) Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! ( CAR HORN HONKING ) ( DOOR UNLOCKING ) ( STATIC ON RADIO ) ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) Can you help me ? I 'm looking for my son Peter . Are you all right ? ( SHRIEKS ) - So sorry , I didn 't mean to scare you . - I thought that you ... I 'm sorry . It 's Mrs Grant , isn 't it ? Yes , I 'm looking for Peter . He 's in Third form , Dover house . I 've had this thing for nearly ten years and I still can 't get used to it . I 've been to the dormitory . He 's not there . I know , uh ... Peter went off with a group , 20 boys . - Uh , Mr Fielding went with them . - Then he 's alive ? This was four ... Five days ago . The school had been hit very badly . Fielding thought that he ought to get some of the boys away , those who weren 't actually showing symptoms . - Where did they go ? - ( SIGHS ) They took camping equipment . Fielding 's idea was to find some place where they could isolate themselves . Look , Mrs Grant , it 'd be wrong of me to offer too much hope . There 's no certainty that the boys who left weren 't already infected . But there 's a chance . Some of the older boys went off , trying to get home and some more were collected by their parents . This was before the peak of the outbreak . For those that remained ... Three hundred . All of them ? I 'm the only one . ( LEAVES RUSTLING ) Shall I build up the fire ? You 've got the fever , haven 't you ? Let me try and make you more comfortable . Keep away . Keep away . Leave me alone . I 'm too tired to go on . Can I stay ? ( STATIC ON RADIO ) It 's getting light . ( TURNS OFF RADIO ) The battery is all but gone . There 's nobody sending anyway . The boys made this . It 's very good . We used to talk to other radio hams all over the world . Have you talked to them lately ? Have you told them what 's happening ? They knew . Well , it 's the same for them . What 's happened here has happened in every country on the globe . We sometimes listen to aircraft . Oh , police signals , things like that . There was a state of emergency declared , but it was too late . There was nobody left to implement it . They even tried to set up a seat of government in the country . There was no hope of that , of course . The administrators died along with the rest of them . Oh , I 'm glad I wasn 't in the city . That must have been ... What 's going to happen ? ( CHUCKLES ) I thought about it a great deal . Now , those of us who have come through this ( CHUCKLES ) are in some way biological freaks . We 've survived by chance . Now , the aftermath of this sickness will be more terrible than we can imagine . The real survivors will be those who can come through what must follow . ( SIGHS ) Oh , but surely it won 't be that hard . I mean , there must be tons of preserved foods , cars , petrol . The stockpile of things must be enormous . Oh , there 'll be enough for many , many years , but that would be simply scavenging , wouldn 't it ? And a constantly diminishing supply . What is important is learning again . Things you 've never even needed to consider before . For instance , that . Could you make that ? Where does the raw material come from , do you know ? Well , some sort of oil product , I suppose . - Or before that tallow or animal fat . - But could you make it ? Something as simple as a candle , starting from scratch . Well , I could probably find out . It must be in a book somewhere . All right , take it from there . A book will tell you how electricity is generated . But could you do it , right from the very beginning ? Find the metal in the earth , dig it up , refine it , turn it into wire ? Could you make and cast glass for a light bulb ? You 'll need to know every part of every process . A carpenter , a man who works in wood . He doesn 't chop down trees , he doesn 't forge the steel for his saw . Could he make a hammer ? Nails ? For myself , I could perhaps , fashion some sort of stone tool . - We really are that primitive . - Incredible , isn 't it ? We 're of the generation that landed the man on the moon and the best we can do is talk about making tools out of stone . What you called a stockpile of things will merely give us a little breathing space , perhaps several generations . But in that time , all the old crafts and skills must be learnt . We must learn . Yes , well , I must go . And then I must start to look for Peter . BRONSON : Hmm . What will you do ? Well , I 've got two more batteries left for this . I suppose I might find some more after that . I shall be totally deaf . I won 't make a very good survivor . Mrs Grant . ( DOOR OPENING ) ( COUGHS )
