 [ DISTANT THUNDER ] Giroc ? Giroc , I need you . You must come here to me now . All right , all right , I 'm coming . Have a little patience . We of all people should have learnt patience . I 'm tired , I deserve some peace . No , we must earn our peace . I have , Sinofar , I have earned it . You still came when I summoned you . I had no choice , you used my power against me . It is not your power , Giroc . I know , I know , it 's the power of the race , but it 's in me . I never wanted to be the Keeper . You know that , Sinofar . Nor I , the Guardian . You could set us both free . If I controlled the power , that 's what I 'd do . You know that isn 't possible . We must dissipate the power by restoring the balance , then you and I can be at peace . But first we must atone . - Why us ? - We were chosen . - I didn 't ask to be chosen . - One doesn 't ask to be chosen . Are you sure about them , Sinofar ? Not yet . This may not be their killing ground . There ! Estimate approach speed . Time Distort Six . Minimum scan , their sensors mustn 't register the beam . - Scan complete . - Analysis ? Identification confirmed . Blake . The other patrols have pushed him into this galaxy I knew it , I knew it ! This time I 've got him . Target vehicle maintaining course and speed . Set for orbital compensation , we 'll use the planet to mask us from his scanners . - Orbital shift computed . - Execute . Make it random pulse emission , I 'm not going to lose him now . I wonder what the surface conditions are like ? Jenna ? Star is G2 , planet is Earth type right across the range , Earth level gravity , breathable atmosphere . There 's a lot of static too , the place is alive with electrical storms . Cally , anything on the star charts or planet listings ? Nothing in the data banks at all . - What do you think ? - It seems safe enough . What Jenna thinks is largely academic Blake , we 've been running on full power for far too long . Slipping those Federation patrols has used up all our energy reserves . Four of our power banks are exhausted . If we had to make a run for it now , we couldn 't do better than Standard by Two , and we couldn 't hold that for long . - Recharge time ? - Forty eight hours . All right , we 'll hide here for a while . The planet should give us some protection from the detectors . Zen , take us into orbit as close as possible to the planet 's surface . As close as possible Zen , the orbit could decay in forty eight hours . Confirmed . The parameters were anticipated . I get the distinct feeling . I offended Zen 's professional pride then . It 's just a machine , Blake . And he should know . - Well , Avon is the expert . - That 's not what I meant . No , he was calling me a machine , but since he undoubtedly defines himself as a human being , I shall choose to accept that as more of a compliment than anything else . Since we 've got some time on our hands , we might as well take a look at this planet . Anybody feel like some exercise ? I 'd be happy to get clear of this lot for a while . - Gan ? - I could do with a change of air I 'll get kitted up . - Vila ? - I 'll stay here , thanks Then you can work the teleport . Readings show target has assumed a stationary orbit . Excellent . Orbit confirmed at one thousand spacials from the planet 's surface . This is hardly the time for that . Normally I wouldn 't do it in the presence of an unmodified . Forget your coyness , I 'm aware of your need for blood serum . Most are , but few accept it for what it is ; a functional convenience . Opponents of mutoid modification call us vampires . Rather appropriate , isn 't it ? It is immaterial . I await your orders , Commander . Attack formation , fifteen hundred spacials trajectory . Pursuit Ships Two and Three move to flank , fire on my command . Vila , try and stay alert . Of course I will , how can you doubt me ? It isn 't easy , but somehow I manage it . Come on . Put us down . [ TELEPORTER WHINE ] We 're down safely . It looks very barren , nothing much else to report . We 'll check with you when we 've had a look round . All right ? Yes , all right . What do you think ? The surface seems to be melted . It 's almost like the effect of a fusion bomb . Blake ! Jenna ! Well , at least we know the planet 's inhabited . Was inhabited . Look here . As far as the eye can see . - Grave markers ? - So many . Blake , we 've got company . They were here ! Two women , watching us . There 's nowhere they could have gone . So where are they now ? I hope my limiter hasn 't malfunctioned . Maybe we 've all been on the ship too long . - Blake ? - What is it ? This broken weapon , could it be a symbol of peace ? Or defeat . This whole place is a memorial to the dead . Maybe they were ghosts you saw . Those aren 't ghosts ! Pursuit ships , they 've got to be . - Where did they come from ? - They must have been waiting for us . Travis ' strategy again . Vila ! Pursuit ships closing on you . Vila ! Full alert and get us up fast . Move it ! They 're right on top of you . [ TELEPORTER WHINE ] Sorry . See Giroc , the star ships are closing for battle . The choice is made . - What 's going on ? - Pursuit ships . Zen , can we get past them ? All possible flight trajectories would require Liberator to cross enemy strike range . Avon , what 's our power reserve ? Banks five , six , and seven , full power ; zero on the rest . - Maximum speed and range ? - Standard by four , about eight million spacials . - We can 't even outrun them this time . - We 've got the neutron blasters . But there isn 't enough power . Zen , state battle computer tactics . Pre-emptive action was inhibited by manual overrides . Strategy options are now reduced to one . Battle computer suggests surrender . Logic says we 're dead ! Logic has never explained what dead means . Sensors report plasma bolt launch . - Direct vision . - On . - Avon , put up the force wall . - No , wait . - Why ? - It 's too much of an energy drain - Blake ! - They 're closing fast , Blake . Come on ! I said wait ! - Blake ! - Activate ! - Second bolt launched . [ EXPLOSION ] - Deactivate . Track second bolt . - Tracking . - Power status ? - Seventy percent on bank five Third bolt launched . Second bolt closing . Activate ! [ EXPLOSION ] Third bolt closing . [ EXPLOSION ] Deactivate . Bank five has forty per cent remaining . They 'll move in closer now and strike again . Sensors on full alert . Are we just going to sit here and let them shoot at us ? Yes ! While they do they 're using power faster than we are . Might even things up a bit . Shorten the odds , anyway . - The odds on what ? - Us being able to blast a way through them and run . - Three plasma bolts launched and running . - Bearing directly . Right . Hang on everyone , this is going to be rough . I don 't mind rough . It 's fatal I 'm not too keen on . He 's low on power ! He 'd have made a run for it otherwise . Leader to Pursuit Three : Continue barrage . Leader to Two : Hold your fire . We 'll make him keep that defence shield in operation , bleed his energy banks . If Pursuit Three keeps firing , it won 't have enough reserve to put up its own defence shield . Pursuit Three is expendable . So is Two . Let Blake destroy them both . Between them , they can run his reserves down to zero . This ship will still have full power , and we can move in and finish him . - Deactivate . - Bank five is finished . Drawing on six . Zen , power reserves ? At the present level of discharge , reserves will be exhausted in 2.3 hours . Which is when they 'll move in for the kill . Yes , and we 'll be helpless . Plasma bolt launched . Bearing directly . Avon , Cally Jenna , take command . Gan , Vila , you help her . Now watch the screen . This is the Liberator , surrounded by one , two , three pursuit ships . They 're trying siege tactics . Our only chance is to break out and run before we 're too weak , do you agree ? Activating . - We know we can 't outrun them . - I wasn 't planning to try . Deactivating . Now , this is the pursuit ship that 's done all the firing . That 'll be low on power now , so it won 't be a problem . So we can ignore it . Right This one hasn 't fired at all yet , so this must be Travis . We 're going straight for it . Not over , under , or around , but right through it . Plasma bolt launched . Bearing directly . - Ram it ? - The Liberator should be able to take the impact . - I admire your confidence . - So that would leave only one more to deal with . That 's right , a straight fight , one against one . I agree . If any of our control systems are damaged by the impact , we will be helpless . - We 're not exactly in a commanding position now . - Activating ! - Have you got any better ideas ? - As a matter of fact , no I haven 't - Does that mean you agree ? - Do I have a choice ? - Yes . - Then I agree . Deactivating . Vila , Gan , Jenna , we 're going for a ram , take out the command ship . A ram ? ! ? I can 't see that there 's any other hope for us . Neither can I , so let 's get on with it . Jenna , you 'll have to fly us on manual . We 'll need to take the impact on the lower hull . Plasma bolt launched . Bearing directly . Right , as soon as this one hits , we move . Stand by Activate ! - Force wall deactivated . - Right , now , Jenna ! Pursuit Three reports total power shutdown . They 're incapable of further action . - Pursuit Two , commence firing . - Target ship is underway . It 's turning . He 's running . There 's nowhere to run , Blake ! Compute course , speed , and lock on . Time Distort Three and rising . Course 000 They 're coming straight at us . Stand by plasma bolts . Holding course . Computers propose evasive action . No ! Hold your position . Zen , count down to impact . When Travis realises we 're going for a ram , he 'll fire a full salvo . - Will the force wall hold at this rate ? - We 're about to find out . Salvo fired , four of them ! Stand by the force wall . - We 're losing power , we 're slowing . - Full thrust . It 's not responding . Blake , we 're stopping ! They 're holding course . They 're going to ram us ! Evasive trajectory , full thrust . Controls are not responding . All systems are locked . - Operate boosters ! - Still no response . Activate the force wall . Ten , nine , eight , seven Force wall activated . Six , five [ INCREASING WHINE ] Grating voice : Blake . Travis . Blake . Listen to me , listen to me all of you . We are Giroc the Keeper , we are Sinofar the Guardian . Your ship is tethered , held in a stasis beam , it cannot break free . Only your life support systems will function normally , the rest will remain in our control , until we have completed our task . You yourselves have been released , so that you may watch , listen and understand . We are ready , the warriors can be released . [ INCREASING WHINE ] BLAKE ? ! No . The weapon built into that hand will not work here , primitive . Nor will brute force , until I allow it . His impulse to kill is primitive . As ours was not ? Who are you ? I am Sinofar , the Guardian . This is Giroc , the Keeper . I am Space Commander Travis , an officer and representative of the Earth Federation . As an agent of my government , I demand an explanation . Not only is he primitive , he 's pompous as well ! And you , do you also make demands ? I 'm not a Federation officer , but I would like some answers . This man is an enemy of the state and a fugitive . He is my prisoner . Primitive , pompous , and stupid . Giroc ! All right , all right It 's just that there 's such violence in him , it 's exciting . Old instincts die hard , Sinofar . I know . You will lift this force field . There are things you must understand first You do realise that any hostile act against me will be regarded as a hostile act against the Federation ? Have you any idea of the risk you 're running ? They don 't seem very impressed , Travis . Why don 't you try stamping your foot ? Oh , that 's very amusing , Blake . For a dead man . Do you intend to keep us prisoners ? Only for the moment . You were responsible for what happened to my ship ? It will be restored when this matter has been settled . As will yours . No harm will come to your crews or your ships . You have seen what we can do . We are capable of protecting our planet . Your threats of reprisal are meaningless . Our powers grew out of a thousand years of war . Out of hate , and fear and the will to survive . We built destruction , weapons that your peoples have not yet dreamed of . Every passing year brought new and more powerful ways to kill , and through the centuries the war raged across our planet . With each generation there were fewer of us . The dead vastly outnumbered the living . And still there was no victory for either side . How did it end ? How ? Another development of another weapon . We demanded their surrender , they refused , the weapon was used . Those that we call our enemy were annihilated . You won , that 's all that matters . It wasn 't a victory ! It was only the end of the war . We were left with a planet made barren by radiation . Our children were monsters , or died , or were never born . This , we won . How many of you are there now ? None . We are a dead race . We tell you this so that you will understand our reasons for intervening in your dispute . Tell us , what is your dispute ? I have told you . This man is an enemy of the Federation , tried and convicted . I must bring him back to justice or kill him . You ? I am an enemy of the Federation . But it is corrupt and oppressive . I will destroy it , if I can . Irreconcilable viewpoints . Your differences can only be resolved by the destruction of the other 's belief . The classic pattern for war . I was about to resolve them when you interfered . How many are there in your group ? There are six of us . - And in your ships , Travis ? - Nine . Fifteen people could die because of your beliefs . My crew are with me by their own choice . Really ? Mine swore allegiance to the Federation . I 'm sure they 're all splendidly loyal and dedicated . I 'm sure that you will both find supporters for your cause , and each of you could be backed by a massive army eventually . But would numbers change the nature of the dispute ? Probably not . What do you say ? Numbers ? Immaterial . We understand that men will kill for their beliefs . Since each of you wishes to destroy the other , we are going to give you the chance . A duel ? Is that what you are suggesting ? A fight to the death . But this way , there will be a limit to the deaths . And we will ensure that the loser 's ship has an opportunity to get away . Don 't you find that rational ? No . When I 've killed Blake , I 'll simply hunt down the others . There will be no destruction within our influence , but we cannot control your actions beyond this planet . I don 't think I want to kill for your entertainment . You have no choice . We could agree not to fight . Could we ? If you trusted one another . There is another matter , a lesson you must learn about death . I think we both know enough about that already . You both know how to kill . But here you must take a life . There will be no machines to make the act unreal . You must touch the life you take . Shall we get on with it ? How anxious he is to reach the forest . Once there , you can only return when it is over . - Weapons ? - Tools for survival . How long have we got ? There is no limit , except your physical endurance . So this is your lesson ? Pathetic . Half the lesson the death of an enemy , the other half is the death of a friend . What does she mean ? I 've seen friends die . Travis ? Nothing concerns me but my duty . I don 't give a damn about their lessons . I shall enjoy taking your life , Blake . You talk a good fight , Travis . But now the talking is done . Learn . [ CHITTERING ] Blake . Come on Blake , you don 't want to die on your back . Goodbye , Blake . Giroc ? ! I just wanted to see how vicious he was . I wouldn 't have let him kill yet . You misuse the power . Separate them , wipe it from their minds . Nothing 's lost . How long must I suffer you , Giroc ? Restart the contest Sinofar , these two show promise . I don 't understand it . How can we be seeing this ? We see and hear through the mind of the being called Sinofar . - It doesn 't matter . Blake 's in trouble . - It could be just an illusion . No , it is happening . It is the truth beyond question . Jenna ? How did you get here ? I don 't know . It seems your weird ladies have picked on me to demonstrate the death of a friend . You heard all that ? They beamed it into the ship 's main screen . Everything else is on some sort of stasis beam . What are we going to do ? - Seen any sign of Travis ? - Have you ? No . We 'd better make ourselves some weapons . Finding Travis shouldn 't be too difficult . If he runs true to form , he 'll set a trap . and then try and draw us into it . Who do you suppose he 's got with him ? His pilot , maybe . Must present our hosts with something of a problem . How do you demonstrate the death of a friend to a man who hasn 't got any ? - Anything ? - No , Commander . You 've searched thoroughly ? Your opponent is not yet within this vicinity . Good , then I have a little plan we can put into operation . Come . Not exactly a neutron blaster , but it 's better than nothing . Not much better , though . He seems to be working to a plan . I wish we were . Well ? Did any of the controls respond ? - Nothing here - Nothing on mine Nothing on these . That 's it , then , I 've done everything I can . Every machine except life support is frozen . - Even Zen ? - Zen is a machine . Unless he just doesn 't want to get involved . What 's Travis doing ? As Blake said , he 's probably preparing a trap . It could be a mistake . That sort of war is best fought on the move . [ HOWLING ] We 'd better try and find somewhere safe . The quicker , the better . [ HOWLING ] The night hunters are at work . Come on , let 's take shelter . Bring my knife . [ HOWLING ] - Let 's hope those things can 't climb trees . - Or fly . I don 't know these star charts well enough to be sure , but I 'd say we 're still on the same planet . They must have teleported us to a different part of it . Do you believe what they told us ? About themselves , I mean . With that much power , why bother to lie ? That 's one way to become a hunted man , trust the powerful . True . What 's your excuse ? Oh , I wasn 't clever enough , none of us were . The Federation has beaten us all at least once . At least . If we get out of this , it still won 't be any better . She 's right . Jenna 's right , you know . Why should it be any different ? We 'll have the Federation after us till the day we die . Who says ? We 've been lucky up till now . We 'll be lucky again . You hope . Have you thought what might happen if those two don 't get back ? I mean , could you operate this ship properly ? Let 's just listen . Well , could you ? - Right , are you going to go to sleep first , or shall I ? - You can . Right , wake me when you 're tired . [ HOWLING ] Tell me something , do you remember who you were ? I don 't understand the question , Commander . Yes you do . In your previous life before you were modified . Do you know who you were ? Of course not . - Aren 't you curious about it ? - No . I find that hard to believe . Memory is an encumbrance . All trace of it is removed , and with it all trace of identity . And it doesn 't concern you ? Why should it ? That identity doesn 't exist , even in the central computers . Yes it does . I know who you were . Your name was Keyeira . Keyeira . You were very beautiful , very much admired . Shall I go on ? As you wish . This doesn 't interest you at all , does it ? How could it ? - Keep watch . - Yes , Commander . [ HOWLING ] Blake ! Huh ? - Are you all right ? - It 's just a small cut , that 's all . I 'm sorry . I went to sleep . No , it 's all right , it was my fault . We should have both stayed awake . Have you thought of another plan ? Yes . I 'm going to get some sleep . How can you sleep with all this happening ? With all what happening ? Blake is sitting up in a tree . Travis is sitting up in another tree . Unless they 're planning to throw nuts at one another , I don 't see much of a fight developing before it gets light . You 're never involved , are you Avon ? You ever cared for anyone ? Except yourself ? I have never understood why it should be necessary to become irrational in order to prove that you care , or , indeed , why it should be necessary to prove it at all . - Was that an insult or did I miss something ? - You missed something . It 's a very big bite , looks inflamed . Yes , it makes my arm a bit sore . It 's nothing that I can 't cope with . What were these things doing at the foot of the tree , hmm ? They came in the night . I trapped them . You did more than that . My serum supply is running low , there was a little blood in each of them . There 's a lot of blood in me . There still is , Commander . You are a Federation officer , as I am . Just as long as you remember that . Do you now believe we mutoids are vampires ? I believe you 're useful . Get on with it . My function will be impaired if I don 't get further serum soon . Maybe that can be arranged . Is that what I think it is ? I don 't imagine that it is a recreational aid . I can 't see Blake throwing himself on it , though . Can you ? I can 't ever see Blake finding the right place . How is he supposed to find it ? I mean , he hasn 't got anything to go on , has he ? I 've been watching Blake . He 's quartering the area . That is the correct search pattern . If it is the correct area . - Any sign ? - None , Commander . I 've lit a fire , it 'll draw Blake to us . Since I was given you , he must have been given a companion as well . Whoever it is , I want you to find them , bring them back here . Dead or alive , it doesn 't matter , just bring them . And Blake ? No ! Don 't touch Blake . He belongs to me . Well , go on , what 's the matter with you ? The blood of those creatures , it was not suitable . When you 've found Blake 's companion , there 'll be plenty of blood . We can 't even be sure they 're in this area . We have to assume they are . Well , maybe I can see something from up there . [ THUD ] Jenna ! There 's some smoke over there . Jenna ? Jenna , Jenna ! No ! Not yet . Get to your position . NOW ! Blake ! Blake , can you hear me ? I know you 're there Blake . I know you 're close by . Hear me Blake , I have your friend . Your friend will die Blake , unless you give yourself up . Blake , look out ! Up there . NOW ! - You 've got him . - Go on ! Kill him . You fought well , Blake . I 'm glad you enjoyed it . Why didn 't you kill him ? Too weak ? Or maybe I didn 't entirely trust your motives . Besides , as long as he 's alive , he 'll be the one chasing me . And I know I can beat him . At least you 're not stupid . I need time enough to get my ship away and recharge the energy banks . They have been recharged . I will see that your ship gets away . Another reason why I didn 't kill Travis : I would have enjoyed it . Perhaps there was nothing for you to learn . - Jenna , what speed ? - Standard by six . Confirmed . - What was she like ? - Who ? Sinofar . - Of course , you never saw her . - No . Thank you . She was very beautiful , wasn 't she , Jenna ? Yes . Very . All we saw was the ugly one . How is it you get all the fun ? Oh , I don 't know , some of us are born lucky and some ... Where is Blake ? He won the right to go . It was agreed . It changes nothing . And what about your friend ? A mutoid ? It 's little better than a machine . In any case , she 's dead . Travis , your companion is not dead . I will heal her . She is of no further value to me . I have a fugitive to hunt . Return me to my ship . It is good to see a man like Travis again after so long . You remind her of our people . He is just like our people , and like them he learnt nothing . That 's why we 're prisoners . You keep us prisoner , Giroc . Never return to this planet , Travis . The condemned ate a hearty meal . Your failure cost me Blake . I warned you that my function would be impaired , Commander . Perhaps the court martial will take that into account , but I doubt it . Tell me , what happens to a mutoid that 's dismissed the service ? We exist only to serve . Oh ? Then you 'll probably cease to exist . Ready , Commander . Follow Blake 's course . We can 't match his speed . We don 't have to , just match his course . You see , he made one fatal error . He should have killed me .
