 - How are you feeling , Jenna ? - I 'm managing . Zen , give me full recall of my supplementary to the flight log data . Vision suite , line one . Line one is linked and ready to accept . Avon , I want you to listen to this . - What is it ? - Just watch and listen . Flight Log : Flight log entry 431 . Time co-ordinate 662 . Liberator was in range of the planet Cephlon . Scanner systems located a space vehicle which was out of control . It was put on routine security surveillance and identified as a Spacemaster series 5 . Retrieval pictures confirm . There was an explosion on board and the ship went out of control . Cephlon 's gravity pulled her down into the atmosphere and she started to burn up . Two life support capsules ejected and our tracers followed them to impact . Vila , Jenna , Gan and Avon teleported down to the planet in an attempt to find the survivors . Both capsules were found . In the first the crewman was already dead . In the second a man called Ensor was badly injured . We teleported him to Liberator . Before he died he gave me a box containing micro power cells . He insisted we should take these to the planet Aristo , since without them his father would die . He also spoke of something called ' Orac ' , and claimed the Federation was willing to pay 100 million credits to obtain it . Verbal supplementary closes . Well ? If the Federation is prepared to pay 100 million credits then Orac must be fairly important . Unless it 's a magnificent swindle , but I suppose that 's too much to hope for . - You all right ? - Ah , yes I just felt a little dizzy , that 's all . My point is there 's something we 're missing in all this Well , I can 't think what , it all seems straightforward enough . We know from the ship 's log that it was returning to Aristo from Federation Space Headquarters , the other passenger was a doctor and they were carrying medical supplies . It all tallies with what Ensor said . I think it 's the importance the Federation is placing on Orac that bothers me . I 've switched to automatics there 's something I want from my cabin . All right , Jenna . Let 's take another look at the pictures of that ship on the main screen . They 're not likely to show us anything that we don 't already know . Maybe not , but let 's check anyway . Zen , run the scanner file . from the moment we picked up visual contact with the Spacemaster ship . Confirmed . Retrieval systems operating . - What exactly are you looking for ? - I 'm not sure yet You quite sure you 're all right ? Yes , of course I 'm all right . Jenna , what is it ? What 's the matter ? I don 't know . I feel terrible . One minute I 'm all right , and then it comes over me again . You 've obviously got a fever . Come on , I 'll get you to your cabin . Zen , hold it there . Now then , play it back , slowly . There ! That 's it ! That 's what 's been bothering me . - I don 't see anything special . - It 's in the wrong place . Exactly . The explosion 's in the forward section . You thought it was a neutron burn out , but that 's nowhere near the engine housing . All right , but it doesn 't make any difference , does it ? Zen , I want a sensor reading for that moment . Full spectrum analysis . Confirmed . What are you trying to prove ? Ensor went to Federation Space Headquarters . He wanted medical assistance . - He also wanted to sell something of enormous value . - Orac . - Right . - Whatever that is . We can presume the sale was made because he told us they 're prepared to pay a fantastic price for it . Now , they start on the return journey . - The data you requested is now available . - All right , let 's have it . Sensor readings are as follows : The explosion registered 1.3 . Disturbance peaked at 115 . Spectral analysis of residual vapour confirms presence of Geritan explosive . Conclusion ? Probability is that a small explosive device was detonated in the gravity compensator controls . Sabotage . - Yes . - But why ? Presumably so that the Federation could get their hands on Orac without paying 100 million . That 's the only thing that would make sense . So they 'll be on their way to pick up Orac as fast as they can , and that 's fairly fast actually . - Yeah , not as fast as us . - Ever the optimist . - Blake ? - What is it ? - Jenna is very sick Gan is , too . - They 've both got the same symptoms . - What 's wrong with them ? I want to make a test . Avon , give me your hand . Now yours . The same as the others . They 've all absorbed heavy doses of radiation . Radiation ? All of me ? The four of you stayed down too long on the surface of Cephlon , far beyond the tolerance limits . You need treatment and you need it quickly . Well , what are we waiting for ? Let 's get to the surgical unit . Relax . We 'll all take massive doses of decontaminant drugs . In a week or two we should all recover . - Not possible - Why not , Cally ? There are no decontaminant drugs on the ship . I 've checked . There 's nothing that will counter radiation sickness . - Are you sure ? - I 'm sure - Our only hope is if they have a supply on Aristo . - But if they don 't ? - They will have . - But if they don 't ? - They will have . There 's no point in hiding it , our condition will deteriorate rapidly . If we don 't get drug treatment very soon , we shall die . Die ? I can 't do that . I 'm afraid you can . It 's the one talent we all share , even you . I think I 'm going to ... Hello , my little ones . You hungry then , are you ? Let 's give you something to eat . [ BIRDSONG IN BACKGROUND ] Oh dear , you 're a bit dry , aren 't you ? That 's better , that 's better . Ooh ! [ WRISTWATCH ALARM ] Oh . Not good , not good at all . Very little time left . [ ORAC BEEPS ] Yes ? What is it ? Have you something to report ? A space vehicle has made a surface landing about seven miles inland . - My son 's ship ? - No . Ah . Stupid question I apologise . Had it been his he would have contacted us by now . Have you identified the ship ? Federation . Two passengers now disembarked and proceeding on foot towards this section . - Is the defense zone operating ? - Yes . - Then they won 't get far . Ensure that security regulations are fully maintained . Can 't be too careful in my state of health . Sleeping seems to reduce the energy drain fractionally . Might as well prolong my life to the very limit . One clings to it , clings to it . Keep your eye on the two from the Federation ship . They might attempt entry through the tunnels under the old city . They can 't reach us that way , you know that , those tunnels are crawling with phibians . I was suggesting it might be more humane to warn them of the danger . Had they been friendly they would have tried to make contact before landing . They didn 't . Therefore they are not friends . Therefore they are enemies . What could they want here , hmmm ? Only one thing . You , Orac , my friend , you . Oh no , let the phibians have them . [ LOUD THUNDER CLAP ] [ WAVES CRASHING ON THE BEACH ] Travis , here ! There must be an easier way to get into the laboratory than this . The surface force barrier is impenetrable . We must go under it . Let 's see the old man 's map again . We go straight along this passage , turn right at the junction , and then straight on . Yeah , they begin to run below sea level there . Let 's hope they 're not flooded . - Well , let 's get started . - Right . - Travis ! - Huh ? It 's this way . [ BREATHING SOUNDS - GETTING LOUDER ] I 've had Zen run through the reference banks . A remarkable man this professor Ensor , very impressive list of achievements . Yes , I know . When he was eighteen years old he developed something called a Tarriel cell . It led to a whole new generation of computers . Every computer in the known worlds now contains Tarriel cells . He also engineered and developed a lot of radical new concepts in computer technology , so that even the most advanced computers are based on his work . It 's a surprise to me that the Federation ever let him go . They didn 't well , not exactly . How are they ? Much the same . Until they get treatment the only change can be for the worse . - Who 's at the controls ? - Jenna . Well , we 're nearly there , another hour . It 's ironic isn 't it we are racing to deliver medical supplies that will save a man 's life , in the hope that he will have medical supplies that will save ours . Zen gave me something else that would explain why he needs those micro power cells . Zen , report medic information : " Ensor " . It appears that Ensor took a vacation on a frontier planet . While there he suffered a massive heart attack . Medical facilities were primitive . The only available transplant was a mechanical heart powered by microcells . They have a life of about forty Earth years . All of which happened about forty years ago . But didn 't they substitute an organic unit once he got back ? That 's just the point , he never did get back . He disappeared . He and his four year old son simply vanished . They 've never been heard of since . - Until now . - And all the time they 've been on Aristo . Cally , we 'd better get ready to teleport down . - D 'you think you 'll be up to handling things in here ? - Ohh , assuming you don 't take too long . Zen , surface conditions ? Tolerable . The land masses are arid and support only primitive plant life . Nine tenths of the planet is covered by water which is highly acidic . Ocean levels are constantly rising and now virtually cover all traces of the cities built by early civilisations . Life forms ? Life is evolving in the oceans , and amphibian species have begun to develop . Anything else ? This constitutes all available data . Well , at least there won 't be too many natural hazards for you to deal with . I 'll go and get kitted up . Data amendment . Retrieval systems have located further information . There has been one exploratory expedition put down on Aristo . Neither of the two members ever returned . Their disappearance remains unexplained . Amendment ends . I wonder what happened to them ? An unidentified space vehicle is manoeuvring to take a fixed orbit which threatens our security zone . What action do you wish taken ? In the absence of further instructions I shall institute full security procedure . Transit complete . Liberator is in stationary orbit within teleport range of the planet Aristo . All circuits are . All circuits are . All circuits are . All circuits are . Zen ! [ ZEN 'S VOICE FADING ] All circuits are . All circuits are . All circuits are . Blake , quickly ! I 've done all that . [ ORAC 'S VOICE ] You will identify yourselves and state clearly the purpose of your intrusion . Specify recognition code . I repeat , identify yourselves and state the purpose of your mission . This is the spacecraft Liberator . We have medical supplies for someone on this planet . You will explain the circumstances governing your previous statement . We went to the aid of a crashed spaceship . Before he died the pilot asked me to deliver some micro power cells . He said they would save his father 's life . Your explanation is satisfactory . I am aware that you have teleport facilities . I will set co ordinates for a surface landing . On arrival you will await further instructions . That is all . That is all ? Jenna , institute a thorough check of the circuits . All circuits are now free of interference and full function is restored . What happened ? Preliminary research indicates that all computer functions were temporarily under external control . But that 's impossible ! Logic units concur that it is impossible . But it happened anyway . Logic units concur that it happened . Investigation of this paradox is continuing . I don 't like it . A force that can take over the computers could easily take over the ship . We 're not going to find out about it standing here . Are you ready , Cally ? Yes , I 'm ready . Avon , can you handle the teleport ? What 's going on ? Just get down there Jenna , switch to automatics , then go and rest in your cabin . Come on , Cally . Blake ! What is it ? Look at the locator . - It 's setting the co-ordinates . - By itself . It looks as if our computers are being over-ridden again , being programmed from another source . Perhaps we should move out while we 've still got a chance . While some of us have still got a chance . Oh , I forgot I 'm sorry , Avon . Frankly , I doubt we could even if we wanted to . From what we 've seen already it 's obvious that machine could totally immobilise us . Then let 's get on with it . If you feel well enough , could you try and stay by the teleport ? I have no plans to go anywhere else . All right , put us down . [ TELEPORT WHINE ] Some sort of obelisk , I suppose . Well , what should we do now ? Wait for further instructions there 's not much else we can do . Let 's take a look around . [ CRASHING WAVES ] Blake ! What is it ? Look . [ ZAP ] [ ZAP ] It 's a force barrier . The question is , are we on the outside unable to get in or - On the inside unable to get out . - Yeah . - Travis ? - Uh ? Listen [ HISSING SOUND ] What is it ? I dunno , but it 's been behind us since we started . Let 's keep going . Look , the tunnel 's blocked . - Can we get through ? - I 'll go and check . [ HISSING SOUND GROWS LOUDER ] - The roof looks like it may cave in at any moment . - Well , we knew there would be risks . Well , let 's hope they 're justified . They are . When we deliver Orac to the Federation they will be very grateful , and very generous , and it will be our success . Ours alone . - Keep watch , I 'm going through . - Right . [ ROARING ANIMAL ] Travis ? Travis ! [ Growling Animal Noise ] Travis , help me ! [ LASERON BLAST ] - Are you hurt ? - No . - What is it ? - I dunno some kind of lizard . We can get through . You have to crawl , but it widens out again later . The rewards and credit , remember ? - I 'll go first , shall I ? - No , Travis You will follow me . [ THUNDER CLAP ] You will stand up . You will stand up ! You are carrying weapons , you will remove them . - We 'd prefer to keep them with us . - You will remove them . No ! [ LASER BLAST ] We will remove them . You will make greater speed . Hurry . Hurry . - How do we get through the barrier ? - You will follow me . Versatile , isn 't it ? Let 's hope it 's still around when we want to get out of here . It is too late to contact your ship . You are now inside the barrier . Signal transmission through the energy screen is not possible . You will follow me . You were told to stay in your cabin . - Any word ? - Not since they called in to say they were down safely and waiting . - How long ago was that ? - A little over two hours . We should have heard by now . [ GROANING ] Not you as well . What are you doing down there ? I don 't like being on my own . Especially if I 'm about to die . - That 's cheerful . - Sorry . - Is Vila on his way as well ? No , he 's convincing himself that he feels fine . Says we 'll just remind him that he doesn 't . Sometimes he shows distinct signs of intelligence . Why don 't you return to your quarters ? I 'll let you know the moment I hear anything . I 'll stay . I think it 's better if there are two of us standing by . Better still if there are three of us . Better still if you ... Make haste and approach the transporter . Transporter ? Move forward . You will now enter the transporter . - There 's no door ! - You will enter the transporter . Look , I 'm getting fed up with taking orders . How are we supposed to get inside this thing ? The girl will go first . Move to the other side of the transporter . - I thought you started without me . - So did I. - I said that thing was versatile . - Maybe we should try and capture it . Perhaps Avon would like it as a pet . We seem to have arrived . Shall we split up and search ? No , we 'd end up looking for each other as well as Orac and Ensor Come on . Let 's check the map . We 're almost there . [ HISSING SOUND ] It looks similar to the transporter . And just as disconcerting . Blake , look . Ah , at last . The energy cells , have you brought the energy cells ? Yes , yes , we 've got them . Now , are you all right ? Well , of course I 'm not all right . If I was all right I wouldn 't need you . It 's certainly taken you long enough to get here . Typical of you morons in physical medicine . Oh , look , you don 't understand . Always has to be a mercy dash , doesn 't it ? Not enough to simply arrive , do your work , and then get out . We got here as quickly as we could . I don 't want to hear your feeble excuses . Now let 's get on with it . I 've developed a system of electronic anaesthesia that I shall administer myself . Shan 't need your filthy drugs . Now , you can start carving me up as soon as you like . - Look , you must listen to us , we ... - Press the red switch , will you ? The RED one ! Now you 'll have to work quickly . An implant operation can 't be done in 10 minutes you know . The last time I checked it showed there was very little in reserve . Professor , what are you doing ? The instrument isn 't entirely accurate , but it does give an indication . I suppose you enjoy this sort of thing ? Boosts your egos to have the power of life and death , Adds to the mystique with which you medics like to surround yourself . Which of you is the surgeon ? Come on , speak up , which of you is the butcher ? - We are not medics , I 'm afraid . - What ? We went to the aid of a spacecraft that had crashed , one of the crew was dead and the other dying , but before he died he asked us to get these to you . - Both men dead , you say ? - Yes . One of them was my son . I 'm sorry . He tried desperately to reach you . He did everything he possibly could . Oh , such a waste . He had a good mind . Death is such a waste . You were with my son when he died ? Yes . It 's always too late , isn 't it ? I wonder if he knew how much I loved him ? I think he did . I 'm sorry if I snapped at you . It 's just my way . Thank you for doing all you could to help . - We were hoping you might be able to help us . - What is it you want ? The four of my crew who went down to help your son suffered from high doses of radiation . Unless they get decontaminant drugs they also will die . Ah , couldn 't be easier . Whole cabinet of drugs over there round the corner you 'll see it . Take all you want , help yourself . Can 't stand them , myself . Filthy things , drugs . Ohh . Listen , how long have you got before these power cells run out ? Thirty minutes , at the very outside a couple of hours . Then there 's still a chance . If we get you back to our ship we may be able to perform the implant ourselves . It 's a relatively simple operation our computer can instruct us . - You have the facilities to perform an operation ? - Liberator has one of the finest surgical units you 've ever seen . Might be possible , I suppose . Come with us , you 've got a chance , stay here you 'll die certainly . I 'll do it ! It will be strange to leave this place , you know I haven 't been away for over forty years . - Put this on . - What is it ? If you can get rid of that force barrier then we can teleport you directly from here . - Ah , it 's not practical . - Why not ? If I were to disconnect it now it would be 5 before it dissipates and I haven 't got 5 hours . No , no , we 've got to get to the surface . Blake , I think I 've found enough for everybody . Oh good , at least the others will be all right . - Well , I 'm ready , shall we get started ? - Well , wait a minute . There is something else . - What ? - What about Orac ? - Orac ? Of course , yes , I can 't leave Orac here . That was the message we were to give you . Your son says " The Federation is willing to pay 100 million for Orac " . They 're willing to pay ? Well , he 's worth ten times that much . Now , come on , help me . I 'm gonna get him out of here . Careful . Put him over here . You should be able to carry him between you . This is Orac ? 100 million for that ? - Is it a computer ? - It most certainly is not . It is a brain , a genius . It has a mind that can draw information from every computer containing one of my cells . Orac has access to the sum total of all the knowledge of all the known worlds . You mean it can draw information from any other computer without a direct link ? Precisely that , yes Now are you going to listen to a lecture or might you consider sustaining my life ? - Now , will you put him in there ? - Oh , yes , I 'm sorry . Careful , careful . That 's right . Ahh , just a minute . You 'd better take that . - What is it ? - It 's a simple on / off device that activates Orac . Use it and Orac will advise you of every detail of the operation you intend to perform . Now , shall we go ? Goodbye my plants . I shall miss you . The only real vegetation on this whole benighted planet . - Ensor . - Huh ? Oh , yes . - I nearly forgot you , my little ones , there you are , that will have to do . That will ha ... - Ensor ! I shall be back soon . Goodbye , goodbye . It 's no good , it won 't shift . It 's solid . What are you going to do ? I 'm gonna use a charge . Right , let 's take cover . No . This way , this way . [ LOUD EXPLOSION ] What was that ? Get back to the lab . - Can you help me carry this ? - Yes , yes all right . - Come on . Come on . Blake ! Which corridor did they take ? - Weapons ? - I disapprove of weapons . - So do I , but I disapprove of dying even more . Is there another way out of here ? No . Oh yes , there is . We could go by the tunnels under the old city . - Well , let 's go then . - But it isn 't safe . - But it might be safer than here . Show us . - All right , this way . Oh , it 's locked . - Well , get it open - Key , now where did I put the key ? Blast it open . Right , stand back . Keep clear . There , they 've gone through another door . He 's getting away ! He 's getting away ! Travis , forget Blake find Orac , although they 've probably taken it with them . - Travis . Look . - What is it ? This is where we are . To get to the surface they have to go back along this passage , along here up there and there 's your surface exit . Now , if we go back the way we came , we 'll get there first and be waiting for them . Let 's go . How much further ? Oh , some way yet . I shall have to rest soon . We should keep on moving , they could be right behind us . Yes , without weapons we don 't stand a chance . Keep going I 'm going to stay here and try and bring the roof down block them off . Perhaps it would be better if we all stayed together ? - Let me do it my way , Cally . - Come on . Vila . What is it ? How do you feel ? You woke me up to ask me how I feel ? Can you walk ? Why should I want to ? Meet me in the teleport area in your surface clothes , and hurry . [ THUMP ] Ohhh ! What is it , what 's the matter ? Cally and Blake have been down there far too long . They must be in trouble . See if you can wake Gan up . - Gan , come on , wake up - What 's wrong , Jenna ? Blake and Cally , something 's happened to them . - Where is he ? - We don 't know . - He woke me up . - Blake woke you up ? Avon . - Vila . - What are you up to now ? You and I are going down to the surface . Put that on . Are you out of your mind ? I 'm finding it hard enough just to stay on my feet . Then crawl , but put that on ! Gan , you stay here with Jenna . Make sure one of you stays conscious long enough to beam us back up again . Right . Listen , Avon , there 's nothing you can achieve by going down there . I don 't intend to sit around and wait to die . Get ready to put us down . - Take these . - What are they ? They will help , for a while anyway . Ready ? Get on with it . [ TELEPORT WHINE ] Oh ! I 've got a wet foot now . Come on . Wait a minute I have to rest . [ REPTILIAN ROAR ] What is that ? There are some creatures that live down here . Are they dangerous ? Oh , I don 't think they 'll harm us . Will you be all right for a minute ? I 'll be back . [ CALLY SCREAMS ] Cally , check the way ahead 's clear . Blake , look ! Ensor ! Ensor ! I am sorry . Just a little longer and we might have saved you . Call Liberator . [ LASERON BLAST AND EXPLOSION ] - Goodbye , Blake . - Wait . - I have waited . Too long . - He 's the bonus , Travis . Orac is the prize . Where is Ensor ? Ensor , like his son , is dead . It was to be expected . He survived longer than we thought was possible . That box , Orac , that 's what we came for . If it does only half of what was promised it will give the Federation greater power than it 's ever known . - What are you going to do ? - What do you think I 'm going to do ? I think you 're going to kill me , Travis , with or without orders from the Supreme Commander . With orders , Blake . All right Travis , go ahead . [ LASER BLAST HITS TRAVIS ' ARM ] Don 't move . Good shot , Avon . I was aiming for his head . - You took your time , what have you been up to ? - We had a few minor problems . - Did you bring the decontaminants ? - Yes , we 've got them . - Tell them to bring us up . - Jenna , stand by . What are you waiting for ? Come on , man . Why don 't you kill us ? No . I 've got a better idea . We 'll get a message through to the Federation , tell them that you let us take Orac . I 'm sure they 'll be quite fascinated by your explanation . You 're in a lot of trouble , Travis . - The other end 's connected . - Do you want to give it a try ? Why not ? Vila , switch to automatics . Oh " Activator " . Well , for 100 million credits you 'd expect something a little more spectacular than that . Try kicking it . Are you sure it 's fully switched on ? Of course I 'm properly switched on ! Having depressed the activator button what else would you expect ? - It 's his voice . - It 's exactly as though Ensor were speaking . Surely it is obvious even to the meanest intelligence that during my development I would naturally become endowed with aspects of my creator 's personality . The more endearing aspects by the sound of it . Possibly . However , similarities between myself and Ensor are entirely superficial . My mental capacity is infinitely greater . - Modest , isn 't he ? - Modesty would be dishonesty . - What 's wrong with being dishonest ? - Is that a question ? Yes . The question is futile . Were I to say that I am incapable of dishonesty , how would you know if I was being dishonest or not ? A question for a question . You 're capable of evasion , anyway . I think I 've heard enough I don 't like him . Orac , be a good junk heap , shut up . - I agree with Vila . - Define the words ' Shut up ' . Stop talking . Do not speak . Be silent . That is better . Our relationship will be best served if your statements are free of ambiguity . - Let 's switch him off and go back to work . - No , wait a minute , let 's find out what he is capable of . Orac , what are your limits ? They have not yet been defined . My knowledge is virtually infinite . My secondary ability is to logically process that knowledge and make accurate predictions . Are you saying you can see into the future ? The words future , present , past are meaningless . Define " meaningless " . I have the capacity to predict events that have not yet taken place . That is not what I asked . In the circumstances the question is meaningless . Now , that 's ridiculous . Give us a demonstration . - Demonstrate as a command is insufficient . - What does he mean ? He means , like Zen , that he requires specific instructions . - Instructions are not needed if commands are succinct . - I 'm getting tired of this . Go on , predict something . - I will project an image on your scanner screen . - Go on then , show us . - Hey that 's us . - It 's Liberator . It 's not much of a prediction , just travelling through space . It is not a prediction ; it is an immutable certainty . Space vehicle will be destroyed . - What ! ? - You 're not given to practical jokes are you ? Because that 's not funny . - When 's this supposed to happen ? - The event is not far distant . - How far distant ? There must be some way of making him tell us when . - Be more precise . - The event is now even less distant . - I don 't believe it . - Zen , system status . All systems are functioning normally . Yes , but Zen 's only a machine . So is Orac . That 's all right , that 's fixed Orac . - No , it hasn 't . - What do you mean ? We 've forgotten something . The prediction has still been made . Blake !
