 Log entry 143 . Flight time 010 , elapsed 90 . We have reached course delta red 2 . New heading locked in , all systems functioning . Log entry closes . [ DOOR OPENING ] Ah , come on in . I could do with some company . I feel sleepy all of a sudden . I 'll just finish marking up this . There it is , look . Circling every two minutes . - When did you pick it up ? - Just before I called you . It 's circling all the time ? Yes . Zen says it 's a Mark Three Galaxy Class cruiser . Galaxy Class ? That 's outer planets manufacture , isn 't it ? Right , but Mark Three went out of production at least fifty years ago . Getting any signals from them ? No , she 's as quiet as a grave . Probably guidance control systems That ship 's in trouble . It 's the only thing that makes any sense . - You think so ? - Mmm . All right , we 'd better take a look at her . Zen , abort course programs . Take us in to 200 spacials and match vectors . Confirmed . I want everything in the data banks concerning Galaxy Class cruisers . Complete data is extensive . Good . How long before we 're in teleport range ? That will depend on speed as yet unspecified . - Standard By Four ? - 16.140901 minutes . Approximately speaking , of course . It is estimated that you will require 128 hours to assimilate all available data on Galaxy Class cruisers . Mark Three ? No sign of any external damage . According to the data banks , Galaxy Class cruisers are fitted with communicators . See if you can raise a voice contact will you Cally ? - I don 't like this . - That 's unusual . Mock if you like , but I can always sense danger . Yes , even when there isn 't any . Scan doesn 't show any modifications . I think it 's just what it seems to be . An obsolete civilian cruiser . Any luck Cally ? No response on any channel . All right , I 'm going across . Will you come with me , Avon ? Cally ? Vila ? You don 't need me to come over ! - No , I need you to work the teleport . - Right . Zen , take us in to one hundred spacials and hold . Confirmed . There you are , deserted . If they did abandon , they certainly did it in a hurry . If the last of this mark is built half a century ago , this ship could have been here a very long time . No , these space condition reports are recent . There is an odd smell , sort of sickly sweet . Yes , there is something . Could be the change of atmosphere , a different recycle system to that of the Liberator . No , it 's more than that I can 't place it . All right , shall we get on with it ? You go on down towards the stern , Cally and I 'll work up towards the flight deck . Right , I 'll just contact Vila . - Are you awake ? - No . That 's what I thought . It 's very quiet here . If it should get noisy , I 'll be in touch . It 's that same smell again . - The girl 's alive . - So 's this one . The pulse is strong . No visible sign of injury . - D 'you think they 're drugged ? - What ? They could be drugged . Possibly I don 't know possibly . They 're certainly in a coma of some sort . No , it 's no good . We 'll we need the Cally , that 's it . Cally , wake up ! - Alone . - Yes , Cally ! What ? It 's Sonovapour Tranquillising gas Gas ? That 's why we 're so sleepy . Must be bypassing the filters . I must find the filter system . That 'll cut off the flow , it was coming through the ventilators . Filters . See what you can do for those two . Avon . Have you found anything ? Take a look . He 's the fourth one I 've found , all of them unconscious . It 's Sonovapour . Yes . I know . We found a couple . It must be coming from the filters . Yes , well that should be this way . It 's over here . Here it is . Not a very expert job . Just stuck the tubing into the primary feed . It 's effective , though . Look at the gauge . The cylinder is almost empty . Once it was empty , the filter system would have cycled the gas out of the atmosphere . At which point everybody would just wake up . On the face of it a seemingly pointless exercise . So wake them up and ask them what it 's all about . Increase the oxygen supply , it will speed recovery . He 's dead . Very . Someone was very thorough . All this damage has jammed the main controls on a circular flight pattern . Can it be repaired ? That would depend on what their replacement stores are like . Look at this it 's blood . He tried to write something . 54124 . Whatever that might mean . Could be anything . Call sign , transmission frequency , navigation index , anything . But it is important . He must have been dying when he wrote it . [ SCREAMING ] I 'm sorry , I just don 't know . I haven 't any answers to your questions . All I remember was I went my quarters and fell asleep in a chair . At least that 's where I was when I woke up a few minutes ago and found all this going on . Yes , I know exactly how you feel . Just relax and try to remember . Where were the rest of you when all this was going on ? What gives you the right to ask ? - You need our help . - Do we ? We do . I was off duty . I share quarters with Pasco . We were both there . Routine rest period . And your name ? Sonheim . We must have slept through it all , as Dr Kendall did . And you ? I was in the communications centre trying to make repairs . I remember feeling very drowsy , that 's about all . And my name 's Grovane . That 's all . Mandrian and I were together . The first thing I knew was when I came out into the corridor and saw Rafford . And you ? I am called Levett . Did you see or hear anything ? I was asleep in my quarters . Would anybody else have seen you there ? - Why should anyone else bother ? - All right , there 's no need for that . There are worse things than being alone , Sonheim . Being with you is one of them We 're getting away from the point a little , aren 't we ? You were all knocked out by Sonovapour . At some time in the last 12 hours , your pilot was murdered . And since you 're the only people here on board , then I presume ... No , we 're not . Dortmunn isn 't here . - Who is Dortmunn ? - Flight engineer . Well , where is he ? I want him found , Mandrian . Search the whole ship . He 's got to be here somewhere . Sonheim , Levett . Whilst your people look for him I 'll go and see how my people are getting on . They 're on the flight deck assessing the damage . Will you come with me ? Right . Well , there 's nothing I can do with that , it 'll have to be replaced . What 's the situation ? We can fit some of it back together , but there are a lot of components that will have to be replaced . Can it be made operational ? The interesting thing is , as far as I can see , that all this damage was done but for one purpose : To prevent the orbiting flight pattern , which you are now in from being altered . I don 't understand any of this . First the trouble with the communicators , and now sabotage . What happened to the communicators ? Just after we started back on the return trip there was a burnout in the main circuits . Grovane , the communications officer , thought the damage couldn 't be accidental . Apparently , all the safety circuits were still intact , they 'd been bypassed somehow . It 's still not working . This man Dortmunn they 're looking for , could he have any reason to sabotage you ? None that I can think of . He 's a fine man and a first class engineer . [ COMMUNICATOR CHIME ] Kendall . Mandrian . We 're in section 9 , Doctor , you 'd better come down . There 's something you should see . Lead the way . - This is a pity . - What is it ? The Ison crystal . Even if we get the ship operational , it 'll be blind . With this fractured , there isn 't a chance of outside vision . What have you found ? Life Rocket Two has been launched . That explains where Dortmunn got to . He 's taking a tremendous chance . Those life rockets have a limited range . It certainly couldn 't carry him to the nearest habitable planet . But why ? Why would he do that ? If he killed Rafford , he 's got nothing to lose . A ship this size , you can 't hide forever . It still doesn 't explain why . Not just the murder , the malicious damage , the ... It 's not possible ! I 'd better check just to be sure . For a moment , I thought Dortmunn might have taken this . If he had , everything that has happened would have made sense . But it 's here . It had to be , of course . It 's impossible to open the safe without a molecular key and combination , and I 'm the only one on the ship who has those . Well , what is it ? It 's an energy refractor , a neutrotope . What does it do ? I 'll explain . I and my crew come from Destiny , way out here on the edge of the galaxy . Yes , I 've heard of that It was colonised what , about a hundred years ago ? That 's right . But you 're still not members of the Federation ? They 've approached us , threatened , but we 've resisted so far . Ours is an agricultural economy . We 've a small fleet of mercantile ships to trade with our nearest neighbours . Our people live well , but simply . At least they did . What happened ? Towards the end of the last growing season , just as the main crop was coming into maturity , reports came in that the plants were dying , wilting and dying . It spread across both our continents with incredible speed . We estimated that in under a year there would be no living vegetation left on the planet . But did you isolate the cause ? It was a fungal disease . Identifying it was one thing , but destroying it it was resistant to everything In under three months , half the planet was buried in a covering of slimy white fungus . The stench was vile and it was still spreading . You think this uhh , neutrotope will provide the answer ? My experiments show that radiation from our sun was deficient in certain specific wavelengths . The neutrotope will provide the necessary frequencies to kill the fungus . And you 'll mount this on a satellite to be activated by your sun ? - That 's right . - Hmm . We 've calculated the orbital pattern required to maintain a balance and save our planet . Impressive . Yes , this has cost us . Well , let 's say it 's bankrupted our economy and mortgaged our future . Why so much ? The yield from the ore containing the element is minute . This neutrotope and the few others that exist are the most valuable objects in our galaxy . I can see why you were concerned that Dortmunn might have taken it . Yes , it 's enough to tempt anyone . There are men who would betray their companions for a lot less . What a very cynical thought , Doctor . But realistic , I 'm afraid . Cally and I have finished checking the damage . I can give you a fairly accurate assessment of the situation now . We can fit things together and we can make repairs . And ? There is , however , a problem . When we 've finished , you should have a ship that will navigate and get you back to Destiny . The problem is that without this , you will have to travel at sub light speeds . I estimate that the journey will take you approximately five months to complete . - But that 'll be too late ! We 'll miss the planting season ! - Five months ? It 'll set us back a full year ! When I heard the news I was as concerned as you . A delay that long would be disastrous , but there is an alternative . Liberator can make the journey in four days . What I 've suggested is that Avon and Cally stay here and help you with your repairs . I take the neutrotope to Destiny , and then come back to collect them . No . We can 't do that . We can 't just hand over the neutrotope to some passing stranger . I agree . We 've been trusted with this mission , we can 't simply forget our responsibility . There are plenty of ready markets for the neutrotope . If it was stolen and sold , a man could be wealthy beyond imagining . That thing is a temptation even for those of us with our homes , families , and lives at stake . You have nothing at stake , nothing to lose . It is frequently easier to be honest when you have nothing to lose . The responsibility for the neutrotope belongs to all of you . There is a risk that if you entrust it to me , I may fly off never to be seen again . You have to weigh that chance against the effects a year 's delay would have , on the possibility of your planet 's recovery . We 've made the offer , the choice is up to you . Remember that Avon and I will be staying . We will regard ourselves as hostages against Blake 's return . Well thank you Cally , what a clever idea . Blake will return . You can bet your life on it . In fact , you 've just bet both our lives on it . Personally , I have no hesitation about accepting the offer . Delivery of the neutrotope is vital . And anyway , after what 's happened here , it may well be safer with Blake . However , we 'll vote on it . Those in favour ? That 's about four to three , in favour . We accept gratefully . Right , I 'd like to get started right away . Of course . Sara , would you get the neutrotope , please ? Sorry . It 's a natural reaction . Right , I 'll get back to you as soon as I can . You 're quite sure about volunteering to stay ? We must help these people . Must we ? Personally , I don 't care if their whole planet turns into a mushroom . I shall stay because I don 't like an unsolved mystery . You don 't think Dortmunn and his life rocket are the answer ? - No . - Why not ? There is something else that has to happen before it all begins to come together . Thank you . You 'd better give me your guns . - Don 't fail us . - I won 't . Vila , bring me up . My people have a saying , " A man who trusts can never be betrayed , only mistaken " . Life expectancy must be fairly short among your people . - 3210 ? - Check . 32100 ? - Where are Cally and Avon ? - It 's a long story . - What 's in the box ? - It 's an even longer story I like stories ! Zen , get a locator fix on the other ship . I want to be able to pinpoint its position at all times . Confirmed . Set a course for Destiny , speed standard by six . - Where 's that ? - Confirmed . - What have you got there ? - Why are we leaving them behind , what 's going on ? Where is Destiny ? ! According to Avon , it 's a story that doesn 't have an end yet . All right then , we 'll start with the beginning . Probe . Does this mean anything to you ? 54124 ? - No , I don 't think so . - Should it ? Is it important ? Yes , it is important . Monitor response ? - The air is stale in here . - The ventilator 's closed . - Well ? - Zero response . There 's nothing I can do . It will have to be replaced . I shall need laser transfer linkage . Have you got any ? I think so , in the storage hold . I 'll go and check . Stay here , I 'll get it . You 'll need a torch . [ METALLIC CLICKING ] [ ELECTRONIC HUM ] Fourteen ? Right . Where is the storage hold ? What do you want down there ? We need some laser transfer linkage . I don 't know that we have any . That is what I 'm going to find out . Can you tell me , please ? Don 't mind him , he lacks affection . Blue corridor . Go down past the filtration plant and it 's the next door on the left . Thank you . Be back in a moment . Muffled voices : " You are always snooping " " I am not snooping " " Yes you are " " I am not ! Now I want to know what it is " It 's Dortmunn . Someone among us is determined that this mission should fail , and frankly , I can 't even guess at a motive . Try greed . It 's usually reliable . When you set out on your return journey , you were carrying something extremely valuable . As he said earlier , if the neutrotope could be sold , it would make a man wealthy beyond imagining . Well , it obviously wasn 't beyond the imagination of someone here . I just meant that we were taking an enormous risk by entrusting it to a stranger . - It never crossed my mind that any of us . - But it did cross your mind , didn 't it ? A temptation , you said , even for those of us with our lives at stake . The value of the neutrotope is all the motive you need to look for . Now I don 't pretend to know the whole plan , but parts of it seem fairly clear . The damage to the communications centre , that isolated the ship . You couldn 't receive any messages , nor could you put out a distress call . I 'm not sure when Dortmunn was killed , but Cally thinks that the death of the pilot Rafford was an accident . What d 'you mean ? An accident ? - A misfortune . - It certainly was for him . I think that it was not part of the plan . Whoever put the Sonovapour into the ventilation system intended to put the whole crew to sleep , while the controls were being sabotaged . Rafford was supposed to be sleeping , too . But the ventilator ducts on the flight deck were closed , consequently Rafford was unaffected by the gas . The murderer was using an oxygen mask to stay awake . Reaching the flight deck and finding Rafford conscious must have been a shock . And that shock killed Rafford . The ventilators shouldn 't have been closed . It 's against flight operating procedure . The next shock was when we arrived . Now that really was misfortune . Pure bad luck . - Rafford should have known better . - Shut up , Pasco ! Go on . Even the most meticulous of plans could not have anticipated our arrival . Meticulous ? The murderer had to cover up , and quickly . Dortmunn was killed . I think the plan was to put his body into the life rocket and launch it into space . That way , it would appear obvious that Dortmunn was guilty . So why didn 't it happen ? I think it was too difficult . Dragging the body across the spaceship to the launch area without being seen ? That proved to be impossible , so the murderer settled for the next best thing . He launched an empty life rocket . And that worked . We all believed that Dortmunn had escaped . But whoever did it must have known the body would be discovered sooner or later . Of course . He was playing for time . The plan had gone to pieces . The best the killer could hope for was to delay a full inquiry for as long as possible . As a matter of fact , I think that was a waste of effort . I know , we all know , that one of you is the murderer . But proving which one . Unless , of course , as seems quite likely , someone other than the murderer already knows . Already knows . Naturally , the whole matter will be put into the hands of the authorities when we reach Destiny . Despite what you say Avon , the murderer will be found . In the meantime , you will all resume your normal duties , and anything that you see or hear that seems unusual , report to me at once . Thank you . We 'll get back to the repairs now . A couple of hours , you should be able to set off for home . Something you wanted , Grovane ? Yes . It just occurred to me . You said one of us was the murderer . That 's right . - There is another possibility . - Yes ? There could be somebody else on the ship , somebody we don 't know about , a stowaway . Detectors indicate a meteorite storm directly in Liberator 's flight path . Scale and intensity ? Scale nine . Intensity twenty seven . Twenty seven ? I think eight 's about the strongest we 've had so far . My teeth are still rattling from that . Twenty seven is a lot of very fast rocks . Scale nine puts the storm over a vast area too . How much would it add to our flight time if we went around it ? Estimated flight time of 84 hours would increase to 336 hours . - Four times as long . - Confirmed . Would the force wall hold if we went straight through the storm ? It is within the maximum design tolerance , however there would be no safety margin . Is there enough reserve power to maintain the wall ? Insufficient data for accurate projection . - In other words , he doesn 't know . - Confirmed . Let 's go round . Are the others still searching ? Yes , nothing so far . Do you want any help on the flight deck ? No , we 've almost finished . Sonheim , there was something I wanted to ask you . Go ahead , I 'll catch you up . What is it ? Finding Dortmunn 's body put it out of my mind . Why did you follow me to the storage hold ? Why do you think ? You 're an attractive girl . You asked where the hold was , I snapped at you . I came after you to apologise . To apologise ? Of course . What other reason could I have ? Perhaps you were afraid I would find Dortmunn . That 's ridiculous ! I didn 't know his body was there ! I told you . I followed you to apologise . - I believe you . - It 's true ! Of course . The transfer linkage you asked for . About time . Any news from the search parties ? No . No , there won 't be . It was an unlikely idea , keeping out of sight for the length of time this ship has been in flight . Not really possible . I agree . So who do you think it is ? - Mandrian . - Why ? Instinct . I discount Dr Kendall . I thought you mistrusted instinct ? I do , so I am probably wrong . It could be him I told you I heard him quarrelling with Sara , didn 't I ? Sonheim makes me uneasy , too . He would be next on my list . The answer is here . If only we could see it . I knew you 'd be here . [ DISTANT METEOR IMPACTS ] How far are we in now ? Halfway I can 't be sure . The detectors are swamped . The force wall 's eating into our power reserves . There 's a field drag effect too . We 're having to use a lot of power to maintain our speed and heading . Avon , I saw Mandrian with this . Then he put it back in the bottom of Sara 's flight bag . What is it ? That 's what I want you to tell me . [ ALARM ] Look ! Filtration malfunction . We 'd better get down there . - Dr Kendall wants you . - Filter plant ? There 's been another killing . [ ELECTRICAL DISCHARGE ] [ ELECTRICAL DISCHARGE ] Tell me what happened . I was coming past , and I heard a noise . So I looked inside . Mandrian was just as you see him . Sonheim was standing over him , with this dagger in his hand . I didn 't kill him . I didn 't kill him ! Power reserves are almost gone In 103 minutes , it will no longer be possible to operate force wall and main drive simultaneously . Please decide which to close down . Without main drive we 'll never get out of this . Without the force wall we 'll be smashed to pieces ! Have the locators detected the outer edge of the storm yet ? No.Yes ! No . Maybe . Which is it , Vila ? It 's " maybe " . Directive is now required . Jenna , stand by to feed all power through to the main drive when the force wall is down . Ready . Gan , deactivate the force wall . Deactivating . Why ? For what reason ? Perhaps Sonheim was still trying to cover up . Mandrian knew about him and threatened to expose him . Or perhaps he went into the filter plant while Sonheim was sabotaging the equipment ? But why damage the filter ? What possible reason could he have for delaying the flight still further ? How bad is it ? The damage was minor . I 've got Levett working on it . We 've locked him in the storage hold . He seems quiet enough . Has he said anything more ? Nothing new . He claims he went in and found Mandrian dead , picked up the knife , that 's where I came in . He still says he didn 't kill him . I believe him . But I saw him with a dagger in his hand ! But you didn 't see him use it . I didn 't see Mandrian die either , but I know he 's dead . I 've just spent the last ten minutes in the filter plant looking for something that should be there but isn 't . The cable that was damaged carries a high energy charge . In order to cut it , he would need a laser knife or an insulated saw . Neither of which were there . Then , somebody else was the saboteur ? Yes . Mandrian came in , discovered whoever it was , and had to be silenced . The murderer then went out , taking the saw with him . Sonheim 's story is true , he just happened to be the one to discover the body . Then who did kill Mandrian ? The same person who killed Rafford and Dortmunn . And I know who that is now . You know ? Yes . I should have seen it right from the start , but my mind had conditioned itself to see the wrong thing . As Cally has been saying all along . You found the meaning ? Yes . Just before he died Rafford managed to scrawl this out . 54124 ? Precisely What 's it mean ? Absolutely nothing . As a number it has no significance at all , but in the filter plant just now , I noticed one of the instruments . Liquid crystals show a number , then the confirmation circuit translates those numbers into the written word . From the start , we thought that those were numbers . They are not , they are letters . Letters ? Rafford was dying . It 's difficult to be neat under those circumstances . Let 's start with the one and the two . And the first letter . So now you know . It doesn 't matter , you 'd have known soon enough anyway . Sara , why ? I wanted the neutrotope Or at least the money it would give me . It 's that simple . Was Mandrian in it with you ? No , but he found out . I asked him to share it with me , but he wouldn 't . He wanted me to come to you and admit the whole thing . If I didn 't , he was going to tell you himself . So but none of that 's important now , I only need a little more time . You 're not going anywhere , Sara . You just don 't get off a spaceship and run . I 'll kill the first one that puts his head outside this door . Well , she 's one of your crew , you 'd better get after her . Locked ! It 's clear enough why she acted as she did , but why go on with it ? Once Blake left with the neutrotope , there was no need for more killing . I don 't understand that myself . What worries me is that she 's still so confident . She hasn 't a hope of escaping yet she 's still holding out . How did she hope to dispose of the neutrotope when we reached Destiny ? She probably made contact with a prospective buyer when you were collecting it . It wouldn 't be too difficult . What is it ? I know what she 's planning . Why she sabotaged the ship . Well , don 't keep us in suspense . Ever since the controls were damaged we have been in the same space position . A homing beam transmitter and it 's operating . Anyone tuned into its frequency can locate us exactly . That 's why she 's not worried . Another ship is coming to get her and it 's on its way now . - Destroy it ! - Too late . They will have had a fix on us for some time now . And when they get here and find the neutrotope not on board ? It wouldn 't matter if it was . They will have to destroy the evidence . And that , I 'm afraid , includes us . I don 't think I feel very well . I hope nothing 's been broken . So do I. It 's still on the Ortega . We 've got to get back to them . Now I know I don 't feel very well . If we could get back onto the flight deck , how long would it take to finish repairs ? No time at all . It 's virtually all done . In flight we 'd stand some sort of chance , like this we 're a sitting target . We would have to burn through the flight deck door . And if we did , she 's armed , remember . She could still hold us off . Then we have to get her to come out . Well she 's hardly likely to do that . Oh yes she is . - Visual . - Confirmed . There , there she is . How long before we 're in teleport range ? 23.16 minutes . We 're getting another reading , look ! Another ship . It must be coming to collect the neutrotope . Zen , can we get there first ? Liberator will be in teleport range 3 minutes before the unidentified ship makes contact with the Ortega . [ MUFFLED LASER BLASTS AND SCREAMING ] You 'd better get her out of here , I really rather enjoyed that . Teleport range will be achieved in one minute . Come on , Vila . They 're getting very close . Blake ! How did you get back so soon ? Get ready to leave . There 's a ship coming up on you fast . You 've got about three minutes . We have the neutrotope now , nothing else matters . - I 'll get the others . - I 'll be back in a minute . He 's cutting it too fine . Come on Blake , get out of there . No , no I won 't ! - She must be taken back for trial . - Agreed . I won 't go ! - Everything set ? - Yes , ready . Bring us across Vila . They 're locked on . [ EXPLOSION ] What was that ? I rigged a charge on the entry hatch . Right , I think we can get you all home now . Zen , set a course for Destiny , speed standard by six . Confirmed . Take us round the easy way this time .
