 Attention . Liberator is entering meteorite storm zone . Navigation computers propose immediate evasion course . Directive on manual override is now required . Repeat : Directive on manual override is now required . Gan ! What are you doing ? Manual out . Commit full automatics . Navigation computer take emergency evasive action and get us out of it . Full automatics , confirm . If you couldn 't handle it , why didn 't you call one of us ? You 're not expected to cope yet . [ STRANGLED CRY ] Gan , what is it ? What 's the matter ? I 'm sorry . - Blake , get down to the flight deck . It 's Gan . - What 's wrong with him , Jenna ? I don 't know , he seems to be in some sort of pain . He 's obviously got ... Jenna ? Jenna . Jenna ! Gan , it 's me , Blake . Gan , listen to me . Cally , get the medical kit quickly ! Tranquilisers , full strength . - Are you all right ? - Yes , I think so . I 'll be back in a minute . Pull his sleeve up . Put another one on . Let it get right through his system . The tranquiliser pad should keep him quiet for a while . Two of them would flatten any one of us for about 100 hours . If he comes round , he 'll flatten all of us for a good deal longer than that . He ought to be put under restraint . - Oh , my head What fell on me ? - He did . It all happened so quickly . One minute he was crying with pain , then he went berserk . I 'm glad he 's a friend . Could get very painful if he really didn 't like you . It must have something to do with the limiter implant in his brain . It 's been bothering him for some time . He tried to keep it secret , but I 'm sure he was in a lot of pain . Let 's get him to the surgical unit . Avon , stay and check for damage . You three give me a hand . All flight deck systems , full status checks . Standard priority listings . - Confirm standard priority listing . - Begin . Priority alpha one . Primary computer links are clear and functioning . Anything ? There 's some inflammation around the implant scar . Look . Yeah . No other external sign . Blake ! Look at his hand . - Jenna , get the diagnostic analyser . - Right . We 'll run the usual checks . What 's the matter ? I don 't think it 's going to show us much , though , except that there 's a malfunction in the limiter . I hope for his sake you 're wrong . - What are you doing ? - I want him secure . Surely that is unnecessary . He 's a sick man ; those are not going to help him . The limiter is supposed to cut in when stress drives him to the point where he might kill . - So ? - So on the flight deck he tried to kill ME . The limiter didn 't even slow him down . Among my people such things are considered barbarous . All right , just make him comfortable , but I want him secure . [ HUM ] - Well ? - All systems clear and functioning . - That 's something anyway . - What about Gan ? - He 's still out . We 've run the diagnostic checks , it might show up something . Yes . And that something will tell you what you already know . Why don 't you face it ? Because I don 't know what to do about it ! And if it is the limiter , I don 't know how we can help him . Unless neuro surgery is one of your particular talents . Unfortunately , no . Suppose Zen gave us the necessary information and detailed instructions . Oh , come on , Blake ! This is not something you do by numbers , not even highly sophisticated ones . This is an area that has remained the exclusive province of specialists . Yes , I know , I know . There are quicker ways that you could kill him , but there are none more certain . Blake , Avon . Do you want to come down ? Jenna 's is running the tests now . We 're on our way . - Well , are you coming ? - I 'll be with you in a minute . - Zen , reverse thrust and stop . - Confirmed . I want a hard print on the following information : Funny , we 're all standing here hoping there 's something wrong with him . Something ordinary . A nice straightforward disease . - Well ? - Nothing , so far . - Here it is . - Readout . Severe neurological disturbance centred in the 03 zone , sub 4 section of the cerebrum Condition must be relieved if permanent brain damage is to be avoided . - Prognostication ? - Rapid deterioration to terminal condition . - Recommendation . - Immediate investigative surgery . So , if we don 't get him treatment , he 'll be a vegetable . - Or die . - Switch on the Voray Scan . You two watch the screen . I 'll do the probe . Right . Bring it directly over the skull . No , that won 't do . You 'll have to use the radio sensor . Good , that 's much better . Yes , there it is . There 's the limiter implant , you can see it quite clearly . Give me the side view . Good . Yes , it 's in the sub 4 section all right . Now let 's take a look at the limiter itself . Close focus , slowly . Well , there 's nothing wrong with the connectors . All right , deepen the focus . More . That 's it . Look at the micro linkages , the fine lines . - Is there a fault ? - I 'm not sure . That section seems to be burned out . That could cause a conductivity loss . Would that account for what 's happening to him ? It 's not my field , but if I 'm right , then the limiter is feeding scrambled impulses into his brain . Can it be corrected ? - You 've got to get into this first . - We need a neurosurgeon . - Which we haven 't got . - Blake , we can 't just let him die . - If he needs a neurosurgeon , that 's what we 've got to get . - Yes , and quickly . Look . And that 's all the navigation computers could come up with ? Confirmed . Your print is the full list within the parameters specified . Blake , what about Kainnessos ? An independent Earth colony . Population in excess of 7 million . They should have some medical expertise . - What 's the journey time ? - Six hundred hours . Too long . You haven 't anything like that much time . - What about Overon ? - Three hundred and fifty hours . Only third level technology , though . Which means that they won 't have the necessary medical expertise . - Cassiona ? - That 's a Federation stronghold . - We know they can do the surgery . There 's a price on our heads . We are all under sentence of death . The difference is that Gan 's sentence is being carried out right now . - Any others with the necessary level of technology ? - Only Epinal . But the problem there is that they 're considered potentially hostile . - To the Federation ? - To the species . They don 't like humanoids in general , and homo sapiens in particular . That puts their intelligence beyond doubt . - How long would it take ? - Two hundred hours . Two hundred hours ? That 's our best alternative . - There is another one even closer . - Not on the listings we 've been given . - Zen , why is XK72 not listed ? - XK72 is outside listed parameters - Specify . - Flight time from this position is in excess of 600 hours . Conclusion is incorrect . Recompute distance and flight time . - What is XK72 ? - It 's a space laboratory A permanent research facility financed by a consortium of neutral planets . Two specialist fields : Weaponry and space medicine . An interesting combination , don 't you think ? How do you know all this ? I looked it up in the data banks . It was information that I thought might prove useful to me . A bolt hole ? Somewhere to run if things get too hot here ? The thought had crossed my mind . - Why haven 't you told us about this station before ? - Presumably if he goes there with us he 'll be identified . - You can say goodbye to one bolt hole . - How far is it ? - One hundred and fifty hours . Confirm ! - Flight time is six hundred and forty three hours . - Direct flight . Direct flight would necessitate crossing a prohibited space zone . - Prohibited ? - Specify . The zone has been designated as containing unacceptable danger . - What sort of danger ? - Data is not available . - To you or just to us ? - There is no data of any kind . - Just the " unacceptable risk " designation ? - Confirmed . If the direct route to XK72 is 50 hours shorter than our nearest alternative , then that can be the difference between life and death for Gan . - And for us . - Realistically , it 's his only chance . - I agree with Jenna . - You do ? I have never taken things on trust . I see no reason to make an exception in the case of a mysterious warning of danger . - Neither do I. - Right , let 's get to it . - Don 't I get asked ? Zen . Set navigation computers for direct route to space laboratory XK72 . Speed Standard by Six . Rejected . You CANNOT reject a direct command ! Justify that rejection , please . Your command reduces to an order to self destruct . This runs counter to Prime Directive . Zen obviously believes there 's something nasty in that zone . It has no data . It is acting upon an instruction , an order not to enter the zone . - Then we 'll go on manual . Jenna ? - Ready . Compute course and let 's get started . - Avon ? - Now , wait a minute . If it 's too difficult for Zen to tackle , what chance have we got ? - Gan is dying . - All right . Well , let 's get on with it . We 're approaching it now . Attention . Liberator is entering prohibited zone . All primaries and auxiliary computer functions are now aborted . - Zen ! - Blake , the screen 's gone dead . - Well , check it . - Definitely dead . Switch to the secondary . Thank heaven that works . - Now we really are on our own . - Let 's hope so . - What do you suppose it is that 's lurking out there ? - Maybe Zen 's got it wrong . - Zen hasn 't got it at all . - All right then , whoever programmed him . - One of these days I intend to find out who that is . - If you live that long . - Anything on the detectors ? - Not a thing . What you see on the screen is exactly what 's there . Absolutely nothing . Why should I find nothing terrifying ? - How 's Gan ? - No change . Blake , what is the flight time across the zone ? - Avon ? - Thirty hours . - Thirty hours . - That gives it plenty of time to leap out on us then . - Must you keep on about it , Vila ? - Sorry . Just nervous . - We 're all nervous . - I thought it was only me . - What are your readings , Vila ? - Full range detector , nothing to report . - Jenna ? - All flight systems normal . - Avon ? Navigation coordinates set and firm . Well , presumably Zen will come back to us when we 're out of danger . Sounds like a good idea . Any chance of joining him ? - Zero one surge on primary two . Confirm ? - Confirmed . - Compensating . - Stable . - Blake , there 's something we haven 't thought of . - What ? Systems instability . We have never operated without the auxiliary computers before . You mean they 've been compensating for things like that power surge ? They 've made every minor adjustment that the systems require . And the chances are that they are now going to require a lot . - Computer control is part of the basic design concept . - Damn . We 're going to have to turn back . Jenna , stand by to reverse the course . Look , we 've set out to save Gan and that 's what we 're going to do . - But you don 't understand . - Neither do you . We 're committed . - I intend to go on flying this ship even if all systems go into a flat spin . - But that 's exactly what will happen ! All right , Avon , that 's enough ! The signal to abort the auxiliary computers came from Zen . Can you override it , bypass Zen , and get them working again ? - Possibly . - Well , try . All right . But I 'm telling you , you should turn back . - Not a chance . - What was all that about ? Everything is running smoothly . That was because everything was balanced before the computers went offline . Adjust something , and you unbalance something else . Adjust that , you unbalance two more , and before you know what 's happened , the ship is out of control . Blake , we 're drifting off course ! Lateral drift on coordinate four . - Got it . Compensating . - Stable . I 've just had a comforting thought . We may all be dead before we find out why this is a danger zone . Have you done it , Avon ? - Soon . - How soon ? - I can talk or I can work , but I can 't do both . - We 're running out of time , Avon . - Blake , we 're picking something up on the detectors . - What is it ? - I dunno . The signal 's very weak . - No telling what it is from here . - Our speed 's increasing slightly . - Reduce to standard by three , Jenna . - Standard by three . - Can we squeeze any more range on the visuals ? - It 's at the limit now . - We may have to reverse thrust and run . - That would really throw our systems into chaos now . - Hurry up , Avon . - We 're moving off course again . - Lateral drift , coordinate three . - Got it . Blake ? - What is it ? - Our speed 's increasing again . [ ANIMAL SNARLING ] - Blake , I can 't do it . - You must turn back , before it 's too late . We 're already too late . We 're in an unstable magnetic field . We can 't turn back . Avon , we NEED those computers . - Can you stop us , Jenna ? - Without computers , not a chance . - Detectors ? - Same signal , getting closer . There 's still no telling what it is . - We 're speeding up again . - Try and compensate . - If we get up past Standard by 20 we 'll be out of control . - I think she 's holding . We 're levelling off . Cally ? How are you feeling ? Tired . Very tired . What 's been happening ? You were ill . We 're trying to get to a place where you can receive medical treatment . I 'm all right . Just that I can 't remember . Why am I being held down like this ? When the pain was too much for you , you became violent , and we were frightened you might harm yourself . I 'm sorry , I just can 't remember . I 'd like to sit up Help me , will you , Cally ? - I think you should stay where you are until we can get help . - I 'm all right . But it 's uncomfortable . I 'd like to sit up . There is some turbulence . You 're safer where you are . Please . Is that better ? [ COUGHING ] Blake , I have managed to bypass Zen . I am now going to see if I can override the command . Blake ? Blake ! - There must be some way we can avoid it . - We can 't . We 're already too close to pull away . With computer backup , we might have flown through it . - So , without computers ? - We 're dead . It 'll tear us to pieces . - Are you two ready ? - Ready . - Vila ? - What ? Yes , ready . - Concentrate , Vila . When I give the order to reverse thrust you two have gotta stop us from spinning . - I know . - Well , if you don 't get it right , it 'll be the last thing you do know . - Blake . - Cally ! What happened ? - Gan has just tried to kill me . - What ? - I thought he was normal again . - You mean you RELEASED him ? - He 's escaped . Jenna , you take my place . Brief Cally . Gan , no ! You 'll break the computer links ! We 'll never get them started . Cally , reverse thrust in 5 seconds . On my mark , 5-4-3-2-1 Thrust ! - Are you all right ? - More or less . - He got away from Cally . - Yes , well , I can see that ! - What about the computers ? - What is going on ? It 's a gravitational vortex , biggest spiral you 've ever seen . We 're right on the edge of it . - Auxiliary computers online and functioning . - Right . Give me a hand with him , will you ? We 've slowed the rate of approach , but we 'll be drawn into it sooner or later . - The way we 're using power , it 'll be sooner . - What will happen to the ship ? The forces inside that will not merely destroy us , they will annihilate us . Now Avon 's repaired the computers , what would be the difference if we went straight for the centre of the vortex on maximum power ? - Well , it 'd be quick , whatever happens . - Let 's take the quick way . Take over , Jenna . Right , everybody , we 're going through the centre of the vortex . - Blake , in the unlikely event that we survive this . - Yes ? I 'm finished . Staying with you requires a degree of stupidity of which I no longer feel capable . - Now you 're just being modest . - On my mark , 5-4-3-2-1 . Standard by Twelve , still rising . - The structural distort . - We 'll never hold her , Blake . - The automatics . Hit the automatics . - Blake , I can 't . I must keep a straight heading . Jenna , look Look at the screen . There 's nothing there but the stars . We 've made it . We are through ! [ COMMUNICATOR CHIME ] - Yes , Avon . - We 're coming in range of XK72 . Just had a message from the station administrator . Very polite , but it boils down to 'who are we ' and ' what do we want ' . Tell him we 're an experimental ship out of Earth on a proving flight . Then tell him what we 'll need . - You think he 'll believe that ? - Convince him Use your charm . - Why are you angry with Avon ? - I 'm not . - You sound as if you are . He has a decision to make . If he wants to stay with us , it 's got to be for his reasons . - You 'll do nothing to persuade him ? - Nothing at all . Reverse thrust , and stop . Give me closer vision . I only hope we 're not too late . Information You 're back , are you ? Status is firm . All systems are functioning normally . Where were you when we needed you ? What did they say ? They 've invited the commander to go across . I 've got a voice fix " Commander " . - Why are we lying to them ? - Why not ? No sense in looking for trouble . - They 're neutral . That 's a term that covers a whole range of attitudes , and some of them not very friendly . What did they say about a doctor ? There 's a neurosurgeon , a Professor Kayn . He 'll be waiting for you . - Blake , it 's urgent . - What is it , Cally ? Gan 's life signs are getting very irregular . His time is running out . I think he is beginning to die . I 'll be as quick as I can . Teleport , Avon . - I can 't see them believing that Liberator is a Federation ship , can you ? - Let 's hope they don 't even think about it . I 've never seen a ship remotely like it before . What do you think , Professor Kayn ? I 'm a surgeon . I 'm not terribly interested in spaceship design . You 're one of our senior men . You share the responsibility for the safety of this station . Farron , I realise there is a place for administrators , but I 'd be obliged if you 'd remember where it is . Please don 't presume to lecture me on my responsibilities . So sorry , Professor . Have a team of engineers standing by to examine the shuttlecraft these people send across , will you ? - Right . - Send the commander straight up . Make sure he 's not armed . Understood . [ TELEPORT WHINE ] Don 't worry , I 'm not armed . - How did you do that ? - I 'm sorry to be so abrupt , but could I see Professor Kayn now , please . - I 'm Kayn . - Ah . One of my crewmen is dying . Could you come with me straight away ? - I 'm afraid there are a few formalities we must sort out first . You can 't just appear . - Yes of course . I 'll come with you . - Professor Kayn , I cannot allow this . - Send me a memorandum , Farron . Through the usual channels , of course . - Would you put this on please ? - What is it ? - It 's a teleport bracelet . - I warn you , this is most inadvisable . - I shall need a few things . Our surgical units are very well equipped , but I 'll send back somebody for anything else you might need . - Farron , have Dr Renor standing by to assist me , he 'll know what I need . - I 'll send someone back for him . Are you ready ? - I am ready . - Kayn , I cannot allow this , it is completely against station policy . - Bring us across . - This behaviour will have to be noted down in the station log . [ TELEPORT WHINE ] That is remarkable . Avon , send someone across to collect Professor Kayn 's assistant , will you ? Your bracelet , please . - I thought the matter transmission project had been abandoned . - A temporary setback . - But with Federation resources it was just a matter of time , I suppose . - This way , Professor . - Truly remarkable . - Professor ? - Oh yes , sorry . One thing I will say for the Federation , when they decide to do a thing , they do it . - I didn 't like the sound of that much . - One of the many faces of neutrality . Who 's going across to get the assistant ? Shall I call Jenna ? - No . I 'll go . - Oh , good Good idea , I mean . - Why do you stay with Blake ? - I like him . - That isn 't a good enough reason . It is for me . That and the fact I 've got nowhere else to go . All right . Put me across . [ TELEPORT WHINE ] Just a minute . This is interesting . What rank do you hold ? - I 'm a civilian . - Unusual . - We tend to be in the majority , even in the Federation . I meant this is unusual . What are you up to ? Proving flight on a military craft ? It is a military craft ? Excuse me , it 's still experimental . It 's classified . Uh , this way . - Why were you such a long time ? - Cally . My fault , I 'm afraid . Needed time to adjust . Can 't afford to be disconcerted with this kind of work . Oh , yes , you are right , his condition is critical . Find out where my assistant is , will you please ? - Of course . - What 's your name ? - Cally . All right , Cally , now you tell me why this man has a limiter implant . - Where 's Kayn 's assistant ? - He 'll be arriving any moment . - For the time being , keep him here . Right . - Vila , this is Avon . Dr Renor is ready to come across . I won 't be coming back with him , though . - What do you mean , you won 't be coming back with him ? - I 'm staying for a look around I 'll call you when I 'm ready . - Oh , fine I 'll just hang around here and wait for you . - You do that . - Stand by . [ TELEPORT WHINE ] Dr Renor ? So anything you can get from him about this Professor Kayn would be useful . - I 'll try I might not be his type , though . - We 'll just have to take the chance . - Thanks . - Go on . Zen , I want a series of projections from the battle computers . Nearest Federation bases , likely flight patterns , flight times , and possibility of interception . Confirmed . - Hello . - Hello , hello , hello ! Ah Jenna , this is Professor Kayn 's assistant , his name is ... Renor . And I had a feeling this was going to be a good day . Yes , well , don 't let your feelings run away with you . Oh , a sense of humour , too . I love girls with a sense of humour . Yes , I can see where that would be an advantage . This way , please . - Do you believe in love at first sight , Jenna ? - Not yet . I don 't think you realise what you 're suggesting . I am offering you my services , and , among other things , the secret of matter transmission . You are offering me classified Federation material . This is an independent , neutral scientific foundation . Suppose I tell you that the material does not belong to the Federation , that we are not Federation personnel , and that is not a Federation ship . - Then who does it belong to ? - Us . - Who are you ? Before I tell you that , I should like your guarantee that the others will be allowed to leave unmolested . Why should I give you that ? You and your foundation stand to make a fortune . I 'm merely asking for your guarantee that you will maintain your neutrality and protect your investment . All right . You have my personal guarantee . Now who are you ? - At last . - Sorry , professor Hello ! This place is full of pretty girls . - Prepare for immediate surgery , please . - Right . - I 'll get out of your way . - Won 't need you either , Cally - Would have been helpful to have had one of them here . - Do you know who these people are ? - Federation research team ? - It 's Blake and his crew . - THE Blake ? How do you know ? - They lie badly . Stannis ! That 's who she is ! Jenna Stannis . I 've never met a celebrity before . - Celebrity ? These people are maniacs , killers . - Oh , come on . - Mindless destroyers . - You don 't know that . They are destroying the greatest force for order in the known universe . Order ? Well , you 've had a change of heart , haven 't you ? I 'm sure poor old Farron would be delighted with your new concern for the rules . Farron is a bureaucratic fool I 'm talking about stability , Renor . With no stability there is no progress . Progress to what ? Brain implantation ? A dangerous psychopath ? Certainly . Or would you prefer he 'd been executed ? That 's what you intend to do , isn 't it ? You 're going to delay the operation so that Blake and his crew can be captured . - I haven 't decided yet . - Well , delay much longer , and there won 't be any decision to make . What are you doing ? Not that it 's any business of yours ; I 'm going to contact the nearest Federation base . I 'll warn Blake . And lose the chance of working with the greatest surgeon you 'll ever see ? You 're too ambitious for that . Besides , I 'm the only one who can save him , if I choose to . XK72 ? Pursuit leader to pursuit two and three : Executive order states that damage to Research Station XK72 must be avoided if possible . Priority concern is capture of Blake and his crew . - He did what ? - Professor Kayn said you knew about it . The communications section is well aware that no one is allowed to send official messages without clearing them first through channels . Professor Kayn said it was a matter of life and death . Ask our visitor to come and see me , will you ? - I think he 's looking around the computer section . His name is Avon . - Right . - Do we know what the Federation 's doing ? - The pursuit ships will be here in three hours . - Then find Avon quickly . We must start the operation . Not yet . The Federation ships need time . But we 're losing him I mean look at the life signs . He 's practically dead now . Not yet . It 's taking a very long time . Well , at least while they 're still working , we know that Gan 's got a chance . Kayn is supposed to be a genius . The trouble with a genius is you 're never too sure what he 's up to . Perhaps Zen can tell us how long the operation would normally take . Zen ? There is insufficient data for an accurate projection . Within the parameters you have described , the surgeon 's skill and operating procedures are unknown variables . There you are . Thought not . I can only apologise I 'm afraid there 's absolutely nothing I can do for your friends now . It was naïve of me to expect you to keep your word . That is a little unfair . It 's just that it 's out of my hands . Look , Avon , it is against all the rules , and it 's a risk I really shouldn 't take , but I am prepared to let you stay here . What about the pursuit ships ? When your friends detect them they will presumably run or fight . They will have no other choice . In which case , they may escape or more probably they will be destroyed . Either way , the Federation need never know that you 're here on the station . You can work here in peace and safety . Well ? What do you say ? - I shall need to go back to the Liberator to collect a few things . - Good . You 've made the right decision . Pursuit leader to all crews : Full standby . Check all battle systems . Enemy contact estimated in one hour . Thank you . This is Avon , from XK72 . All right Vila , bring me across . Vila ! Wake up , Vila Vila ! - I 'm going to operate myself . - You 'll kill him . Well , at least I 'll have tried ! You call yourself a doctor ? - No , he calls himself a genius . - Ah . All right genius , time 's up . - I wondered how long it would take you . - Well , you can stop wondering and start operating . - Why didn 't Blake come himself ? - Blake doesn 't know anything about it . I thought it was better that way . He 's got a conscience . He might not be prepared to kill you . - And you are ? - Yes . If he isn 't , I am . How did you get here ? He sold us out to the Federation . Pursuit ships are only 45 minutes away . - You going to operate or not ? - Alright . I have a feeling that was too easy . Any attempt to move this ship while I 'm operating will certainly result in this man 's death . He 's right . Vibration , acceleration , any movement at all , and it 's all over . Hold it , Blake . We can 't leave yet . Pursuit leader to all crews : Battle stations 30 minutes to contact . - How soon can you complete ? - Thirty five minutes . - Do it in twenty . - Or you 'll kill me . - Oh no , no . - In twenty five minutes I 'm returning you to your station . If you haven 't completed your work . - Your threats don 't bother me in the least , you know . I shall destroy your hands . Twenty minutes . - Animals ! Stupid destructive animals ! - Twenty minutes is more than enough time to complete . - Are you defending their behaviour ? - I can 't defend ours ! That 's where the fault was , in the limiter , there . And there it is repaired . If you survive , so should he . - Is there any way we can thank you ? - You could try getting caught . Ready ? [ TELEPORT WHINE ] All right , Jenna , get us out of here . - Zen , reverse thrust , Standard point zero one . - Confirmed . - Lateral one eighty . - Lateral one eighty . I 'll handle this Jenna . You can help Gan . - They 'll take no further action without orders from me ! - You pathetic feeble minded little bureaucrat ! Are you going to let them get away ? You exceeded your authority , Professor Kayn . It was not your place to inform the Federation of their presence here . You violated the neutrality . Damn your neutrality ! Get me weaponry ! How dare you ! I 'm in command of this base . - You have forfeited that command , Farron , you gutless nothing . - Weaponry . - Stop that , I tell you ! Take no orders . - You struck my hand ! - Weaponry . Battle computers project pursuit ships directly in Liberator 's flight path . Down zero one . Maintain heading and speed . Standard by eight . - Plasma bolt launched . - Activate the force wall . - Activated . [ IMPACT EXPLOSION ] Second bolt launched and running . Bearing directly . [ DEFLECTION RICOCHET ] - Missed ! - It missed us , but it 's still running . Farron ! Plasma bolt bearing directly on XK72 ! It 's going to hit us ! Instructions , please . Farron ? Farron ! [ EXPLOSION ] Say goodbye to one bolt hole . - That 's not funny , Avon . - It wasn 't meant to be . Pursuit ships are turning . - You know what to do . - Zen , increase speed to Standard by Eight . How do you feel ? I feel as if someone has been poking around inside my head with their foot . - We had to kick your brain a couple of times to get it started . - Only twice ? - They didn 't remove the limiter . - It was not possible . They 've modified it , though . Your ears glow in the dark now . - Let me know when you 're ready for work . - Thanks . Oh , by the way , welcome back .
