 'The year is 1987 'and NASA launches the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck " Rogers , 'are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems 'and returns Buck Rogers to Earth 500 years later . ' Anything about it look familiar , Buck ? Negative . I have never seen anything like it . Dr Huer , Buck 's ruled out the possibility it 's an ancient probe that 's fallen back to Earth 's orbit . Go easy on the word " ancient " . 20th-century . What do you suggest we do , Doctor ? - Dr Huer ? - Destroy it . We 're not certain it 's unmanned . We can 't . Sensors indicate no life form aboard . Dr Theopolis just told me the object 's orbit has stabilised . Wherever it came from , it is sustaining a position over New Chicago . It must be a weapon , so destroy it - now . Yes , sir . Our pulsars have no effect ! It 's stopped tumbling . One of its points is turning . - Towards the Earth . - We must sound a general alert . It 's glowing . Dr Huer , it 's releasing a beam of energy . Activate Omega defence programme - immediately . ( Explosion ) Dr Huer ! - Sensors say it hit , Wilma . - ( Wilma ) ' Dr Huer , are you all right ? ' We 're still here , Colonel . It hit outside the city . It 's started to tumble again . Let 's get back down there . The weapon works perfectly . We will annihilate Earth 's cities on your command . There 's been a slight change in plan , Kane . I will send a sub-space transmission to Earth 's Defense Directorate . Those are not your father 's orders . - Emperor Draco specifically stated ... - I 'm not deaf , Kane . I heard my father 's instructions . I simply wish to make a few embellishments of my own . Come along , Kane . We have a transmission to make . 'Alert , alert . 'Rec team to Level 10 , Sectors H through L . ' - Dr Theopolis . - Bidibidibidi . - What 's the latest on the weapon ? - It 's still directly above New Chicago . - ' Hello , Dr Huer . ' - Hello , Princess . 'Were you impressed by our target practice just now ? ' I think you know the answer to that . One of our expeditions to the galactic centre discovered the pyramid . 'It was being used for mining by one of the planets there . 'Naturally , we thought it had greater potential . ' Naturally . 'It really is the ultimate weapon , Doctor . 'You have no idea how it works or what can stop it 'and you have no time to find out . 'It can destroy your space port and your city before you launch one ship . ' Then why haven 't you done it ? 'I 'd prefer to discuss it with the Federation Council tonight . ' You will arrange a reception for me and invite not only all your leaders , but Buck Rogers as well . - ' I 'm honoured , Princess . ' - Well , hello , Captain Rogers . I must say , you 're still looking fit . - ' So are you , Princess . ' - I trust I 'll see you this evening . A lot more depends on it than you might think . What are you doing ? Your orders were to destroy the Earth ! And your orders are to obey my wishes . If you cannot do so , Kane , I 'm sure I can find someone who can . They 're going to use that weapon to extort us . - I need your help to locate leaders . - Twiki and I are at your service . Colonel Deering , arrange for an honour guard for this evening . Yes , sir . - And Buck . - I 'll be there . If you 'll excuse me , I think I 'd better go change . ( ♫ Upbeat music ) Please hold still , Twiki . You 're loosening my circuitry . Bidibidibidibidi . Killjoy . For the food , for the entertainment and for the hospitality , I thank you . As you know , we possess a weapon which is capable of destroying not only New Chicago , but every city on the planet Earth . Of course , being a merciful and civilised culture , we have no intention of doing so ... if you fulfil one simple request . Very shortly , I will succeed my father to the throne of Draconia and , according to our laws , within a year of doing so , I must wed the most physically and genetically sound male available or lose my throne to a successor . Well , I have found just such a man right here on Earth ... and unless you turn him over to me for the wedding , our pyramid weapon will destroy the Earth city ... by city ... by city . That man , of course , is Captain Buck Rogers . If I were your mother , I 'd admonish you for not taking two trips . Yeah . Well , you 're not my mother . My mother never had a key to my apartment . Well , I ran into a maintenance drone in the corridor . Seems like I 'm not the first person he 's let in here . You know how maintenance drones exaggerate . - What is all this ? - Stuff I scored from Dr Junius , camping equipment , mostly . I talked to Dr Huer . The Federation has no intention of sacrificing you to the Draconians . For the time being , anyway . Dr Theopolis has a plan for destroying the weapon . I 'll sneak aboard their ship and locate the control . That ship is two miles wide . Without a blueprint you won 't find the controls in time . No , the Federation won 't let you go . - Are you going away ? Yep . You 've never run away before . Dr Huer and Dr Theopolis have everything under control , so if Ardala wants me , she 's gonna have to come find me . I don 't believe you . We 've been through too much and you 've risked your life too often for me to believe that you 're running away from anything now . Whatever you have in mind ... please be careful . Where is Buck Rogers ? He chose to decline your invitation , Princess . It was hardly an invitation , Doctor . Princess , you must understand that Buck is from a different time . His attitudes are annoyingly old-fashioned . He 's very stubborn and terribly independent . I think he 'd make you a very bad spouse . But these two gentlemen have heard about your request and have volunteered to take Buck 's place . And they have done so , I might add , eagerly . I want Buck Rogers . I don 't want psychological profiles . I don 't want personal opinions . And I certainly don 't want some drooling by-product of a Terran hormone experiment . I want what I came for . As spokesman for the Earth 's Federation Council , I submit ... that we 're not going to give you Buck Rogers . Then within one hour you will suffer the consequences . - Thank you , Twiki . - Bidibidibidi . Thanks for helping me do up that motorbike . I 'll let you know how it goes over long distances . I 'll walk you as far as the transport tubes . Come on . Bidibidibidi . You 're not really running , are you , Buck ? No , I 'm not . I can 't tell you what I 'm doing . Don 't ask me why . - Then I 'm going , too . - That 's out of the question . I didn 't pack any spare transistors and Lord knows what you use for a toothbrush . Come on . I 'm wasting time . All right , I 'll leave you in here . It 'll get lonely in here . Suit yourself . - All right . Come on . - Bidibidibidi . Yippee ! Bidibidibidi . Far out . Why are we stopping ? I think we 're running low on fuel . Yeah , we need a fill-up . Unleaded . Here we go . - If only OPEC could see me now . - Bidibidibidi . - Where are we going ? - You 'll see . Whatever you say . Marvellous . Every cubic centimetre of New Chicago lies at my fingertips . I can destroy it all at once or piece by piece . And if the Terrans turn over Buck Rogers , how will you explain your mercy to your father ? Once I have Buck Rogers and we have re-entered Draconian space , we can send the weapon back and then act out my father 's wishes . Once Rogers is within the Empire , he need never know Earth was destroyed . Very good , Kane . I 'm surprised at you . Did you think of that yourself ? Are you all right ? A little shaken , but I 'm fine , Dr Huer . I 'm afraid that was another hit inside the city . The pyramid has de-energised . Thank heaven . That 's right , Kane . I did no real damage . I changed my mind . Let 's see if the Terrans have changed theirs . 'Next time , Dr Huer , 'the damage will not be confined to the unoccupied levels . 'Unless Buck Rogers is delivered to me within two hours , 'the weapon will destroy New Chicago . ' This means the Federation leaders have no plan to thwart Ardala 's weapon . You 'll have to see them . And I think I know what they 're going to tell me . Bidibidibidi . Nice place for a picnic . That 's not what we 're here for , Twiki . Garridan ? Garridan ! Stay close to the bike , I 'll be right back . Bidibidibidi . I should have stayed home . Garridan ! Garridan ! What 's a Garridan ? Garridan , I came alone . Where are you ? I need your help . Bidibidibidi . What am I ? Pickled herring ? Looks like we wasted our time . Cheer up . We can still have our picnic . Aaaiee ! You lied to me ! You brought ' em back . - You came to kill me . - Garridan , stop it . You came to kill me , like all the rest . I came alone . Now , stop it . Garridan , I came alone . I promised I 'd never tell anyone where you 're at and I kept my word . Don 't you remember ? You came to me . You were tired of the Draconian slaughter . You asked me to help you . Don 't you remember ? Yeah . You found me supplies and you found me shelter . - You came alone ? - Yes . - Why ? - I need your help . Stop , right up in here . You were an engineer on a Draconian starship . You know their layout by heart . Garridan , I need that knowledge . - It 's so long ago I don 't remember . - Try . Please . I can 't remember . I don 't want to remember . The Draconians . Deploy yourselves at once . Garridan , please . Just try ... Run ! I 'll draw their fire . Fire ! How did you find me ? I planted a tracer on Twiki . He didn 't know . Buck , I 'm afraid you have to come back with us . We have no choice . - You 'll get no argument from me . - I don 't understand . Garridan , I 'm sorry . I didn 't know they 'd follow me . You know this person ? Garridan was chief engineer on the Draconia . Why should I help ? If you don 't , the fighting and killing will get worse . What do you want me to do ? Dr Huer , I know how you found us , but what were the Draconians doing out there ? They homed in on the same tracer we did . Of course , they had no idea Garridan was out there , and they won 't - not as long as we keep those guards under detention . There we are . It 's the basic engineering design of a Draconian starship . Unfortunately , their pyramidal weapon is so new we can 't pinpoint the control room , but if we analyse the power-flow charts , we can find possible locations . Dr Huer , there 's no time for that . Princess Ardala is expecting Buck in her chambers within the hour . Well , Dr Huer , would you be kind enough to prepare a shuttle for me ? We don 't want to keep the Princess waiting . Good evening , Princess . Hello , Captain Rogers . It 's good to see you again . You 're looking ... Well , what can I say ? Thank you . I 'll take that as a compliment . - I assume you had a pleasant journey . - Very . You couldn 't have been more punctual . Kane , inform the royal council and witnesses that Phase One has begun , and leave us now . You , too , Tigerman . I couldn 't be in safer hands . - You never did have him leashed . - Humorous , as always . This is lovely . You 've had it redecorated since I was here last . It 's perfect for first-phase stipulations . - Stipulations ? - Yes , contractual requirements . Sounds very romantic . Well , for Draconian royalty , the act of formal union - marriage in the Terran vernacular - has three parts . Of which Phase One is the first part ? And the most enjoyable . We drink , talk , dance ... and get to know each other much , much better . In the days of antiquity we called that dating . - Dating ? - It 's an old Earth courtship ritual . Boy meets girl , boy asks girl out , they go to dinner , a movie ... - dancing ... - And then ? And then later back to her place . Turn the lights down kinda low , put a little music on the stereo-audio-visual entertainment centre . Break open a little wine , snuggle up . Tribal courtship rituals can be fascinating . Tell me , just out of curiosity , what happens in Phases Two and Three ? In the second phase you prove your worthiness by competing in the arena with Tigerman . Fascinating . I 'm not surprised that a man of your courage would feel that way . Of course , if you win tomorrow , the third phase will take place at noon - the great event itself , the wedding ceremony . At which point you will be given this . - Princess , I 'm touched . - So I see , Captain . You 'll be happy to learn that once it 's fastened round your neck , it cannot be removed . - As a symbol of my eternal devotion . - Eternal . As your loyal and loving husband . Very loyal and very loving . You idiot ! I didn 't want to be disturbed . What are you doing ? Since they 've brought it , bring it in . Do you think disturbing me twice is better than once ? For safekeeping . Sorry about the interruption , Buck . Shouldn 't we share this with Tigerman ? He 's gonna need all the strength he can get tomorrow . You 're going to need all your strength tonight . - Delicious . - Antaraen brandy . To wedded bliss . To the most genetically sound and physically attractive male in the universe . Tell me ... that necklace , does it serve any other function aside from symbolic ? Let 's say it 's a gentle reminder of your eternal devotion . If you should do anything that displeases me , an electronic signal will cause the band to shrink , tighten , constrict to half its diameter around your neck . Well , let 's see . I wear a 16 collar . That would make it about an 8 . Specifically , Captain , it would make you dead within one tenth of a second . Let 's eat . I 'm starving . Buck should have arrived in the mother ship an hour ago . He should be in Ardala 's chambers by now . Unless the Draconian scanning device has detected the transmitter and weaponry we hid on his person . Well , I was just trying to explore all the alternatives . Yes , of course . I know . I know . Bidibidibidi . Buck 'll be OK . I hope so . God only knows what he 's going through right now . - Do you feel ... - What ? ... as good as I do ? - Better . - Just one thing bothers me . - Don 't let anything bother you , Buck . Well , yeah , but ... when I become your husband and you succeed to the throne ... Yes . It 's just that that kind of authority is pretty scary . I hope I can live up to your idea of a Draconian monarch . Well , you just let me rule the kingdom . All you have to do is what you 're doing right now . Thanks , I will . Night-night . - ( Bleeping ) - Colonel ? Dr Huer , Buck 's activated his subcutaneous transmitter . Buck ! - ' Can you hear me ? ' - Not so loud , Doc . This transmitter 's implanted too close for comfort . - Buck , are you OK ? - I 'm fine . Security didn 't catch the transmitter or the black-light bomb in my ring . Very well . According to our calculations , the control room is on Level 5 , Sector 12 . Buck ... Kane , I want an armed detail sent to my chambers immediately . Dr Huer , I think I 've hit Beta . - Weapons control ? - Right . I need to know the shortest route to one of the hangar bays . Hold it , Rogers ! You 're a stubborn man , Rogers . Maybe that 's what the Princess sees in you . They told me they found you on Level 5 , Buck . You didn 't try to get to one of the hangar bays , did you ? Not at all . I was simply taking a walk to clear my head - all that brandy . And to think I believed you really wanted to be with me . The arena is ready . Captain Rogers isn 't . Tell him what 's expected of him . Using the weapons within the arena , you and Tigerman will do battle . You see , however symbolically , Buck , I must be won in order to be wed . I 've seen you fight . You use your brains , whereas Tigerman barely knows where his are . Of course , it is a fight to the death . If you lose , you die . Kane , inform the witnesses we may begin . Captain Rogers is ready now . ( Tigerman growls ) I 'm not going to kill him . I will not kill him . It 's obvious from Tigerman 's condition that Captain Rogers is the winner . According to the law , there is no winner until one of them lies dead . But it 's the spirit of the law that must be obeyed , not the letter . Right , Kane ? I 'm glad you agree . Since there are no objections , the wedding ceremony will go on . Dr Huer , data from the Communications Directorate indicates the weapon is leaving Earth orbit . Well , for what it 's worth , they seem to be keeping their word . It might interest you to know the pyramid is in defensive orbit of the ship , not Earth . We keep our word . How does it feel , being Draco 's right-hand man all these years and then seeing not only the Draconian throne but Ardala herself given to another man ? Why not use the weapon against Draco ? I 'll simply wait for the inevitable , Captain Rogers - your execution . Let us begin . - You look marvellous . - Thank you . So do you . Kane ? As Minister of Extraplanetary Affairs , Kane will conduct the ceremony . Those who are about to be joined , prepare yourselves . At least the Draconians did not discover Buck 's transmitter implant . He 's stationary , in Ardala 's chamber . That must mean the ceremony 's underway . We shall commence with the sacred ritual of Phase Three . Talk about shotgun weddings . Having been singled out by the Royal Council of Draconia and having proved your worthiness in battle , you 'll be joined with Princess Ardala forever . After him ! He 's moving . Bidibidibidi . Attaboy , Buck ! 'Intruder alert in Sector G. 'All security personnel , decks 6 , 7 and 9 . ' - Doc , Wilma , can you hear me ? - Perfectly . Are you all right ? I 'll let you know in a minute . Yahoo ! He 's gonna make it ! 'Security team 7 , block off all access portals at once . ' - After him ! - ' Repeat . Intruder alert in Sector G . ' I 'm in the control centre . Bidibidibidi . Yippee . Theo , how about some advice ? What you 're trying to do is build up a maximum charge and give it nowhere to go . He 's in there . Open it . Fire ! He 's destroying the weapon . Do something ! - I 'm getting a power feedback . - Buck , get out of there . Bring him here . I said , bring him here . What are you waiting for ? Look at me when I speak to you ! I have given you a direct order and I wish to be obeyed . Pick up Captain Rogers and take him back to my chambers or I 'll have you executed . Aah ! What are you doing ? It seems he intends to kill you unless you let them go . After all , he does owe Rogers his life . - Why , you pig-headed monster ! - Grrrr ! It would appear , Princess , it 's either you or them . What is your wish ? Let us go , Princess . There 'll be another time , another place , won 't there ? All right . No . Captain Rogers is correct . There will be another time . - Tigerman . - I owed you a life . We are now even . What is he doing ? Well , thanks to Dr Junius in the Archives , he 's listening to a tape of Meatloaf . Don 't ask . Buck , you do realise , had it not been a question of thousands of lives , we 'd never have betrayed you . I invited you here to show there are no hard feelings . The pyramid has gone , Ardala and Kane are gone , I 'm here - and I 'm single - and I 'm going to introduce you to some old-fashioned split-pea soup . It 's actually a soya bean derivative , but it 's the same principle . - Who 'd like the first taste ? - Oh ... No , I ... I don 't think that would work . - What do you think , Doctor ? - Twiki does have tactile sensors . While his system is incapable of anything like digestion , it 's not beyond his abilities to taste . Bidibidibidi . No way , José !
