 '25 seconds . We have clearance for launch . We are go . 'Ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , 'four , three , two , one , zero . ' ( Engines roar ) 'In the year 1987 , at the John F Kennedy Space Center , 'NASA launched the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'The payload perched on the nose cone of the rocket 'was a one-man exploration vessel , Ranger 3 . 'Aboard this compact starship , a lone astronaut , Captain William " Buck " Rogers , 'was to experience cosmic forces beyond all comprehension . 'An awesome brush with death . 'In the wink of an eye , his life-support systems were frozen 'by temperatures beyond imagination . 'Ranger 3 was blown out of its planned trajectory 'into an orbit a thousand times more vast . 'An orbit which was to return this ship full circle to its point of origin , 'its mother Earth , not in five months , but in 500 years . 'For 500 years , Buck Rogers drifted through a world 'in which reality and fantasy merged into a timeless dream . ' ♫ Far beyond the world I 've known ♫ Far beyond my time ♫ What am I ? Who am I ? ♫ What will I be ? ♫ Where am I going ♫ And what will I see ? ♫ Searching my mind ♫ For some truths to reveal ♫ What thoughts are fantasy ♫ What memories real ? ♫ Long before this life of mine ♫ Long before this time ♫ What was there ? Who cared to make it begin ? ♫ ls it forever ♫ Or will it all end ? ♫ Searching my past ♫ For the things that I 've seen ♫ ls it my life ♫ Or just something I 've dreamed ? ♫ Far beyond this world I 've known ♫ Far beyond my time ♫ What kind of world am I going to find ? ♫ Will it be real or just all in my mind ? ♫ What am I ? Who am I ? ♫ What will I be ? ♫ Where am I going ♫ And what will I see ? ( Engines roar ) 'Alert . Incoming hostile ship . 'Clear all launch channels for attack . ' Wait . There 's something about the ship . I 've not seen anything like it . 'Prepare to take it in tow . ' 'Envelop alien ship in force field and prepare her for boarding the Draconia . ' ( Doctor ) Neural systems transport . ( Nurse ) In transport . ( Doctor ) Begin heart-lung procedure . ( Doctor ) Dilute a minor presser agent . ( Nurse ) Transmitting . ( Doctor ) Increase diogen and crystalin in proportion . ( Nurse ) Heart-lung response up 0.2 and increasing . ( Doctor ) We 're starting to receive positive neurological signs . He 's alive . Enter . What of our intruder is so important it could not wait , Kane ? The man lives . I 'm not sure why . You 're not sure why ? Is this a puzzle for me to decipher ? The puzzle is for me to decipher . The ship is antiquated , unlike anything I 've seen in the star system . - Or outside of history books , for that matter . - Kane , please . He was frozen by a combination of gases . Oxygen , cryogen , ozone , methalon . Almost a perfect balance . These are techniques used throughout the galaxy for terminal illness . Yes , today . However , there is another matter . The man 's ship . Kane , you have one more minute . His instrumentation was stopped . Frozen solid in the year 1987 . - Are you telling me ... - That the man may be 500 years old . - You 're serious . - Yes . Frozen by elements so instantaneous and perfect that he is fully preserved and living . What a fascinating thought . - Preserved young or preserved old ? - Very young . Any defects from the ordeal ? Fortunately for him , we 're quite advanced in cryogenics . Well , I 've never met a 500-year-old man . - Prepare him for an audience . - I 'm afraid he 's liable to be incoherent . I 'll make allowances . - Where am I ? - We ask the questions . Who are you ? Captain Buck Rogers , United States Air Force . - Who are you ? - What did he say ? Something about a United States . Captain , what is your destination ? - What is it ? - My head . - Anybody got an aspirin ? - What does he mean ? Probably some kind of anti-pain drug . Give him something for his discomfort . What is this place ? Where am I ? - Who are you ? - You 're on the King 's flagship Draconia , under command of the Royal Princess Ardala . Oh . - Who ? - Where are you from ? Wait . Slow down . What was that about a ship ? One of the King 's star fortresses on its way to Earth on a peace mission . On its way to Earth ? You mean you guys aren 't from ... I mean , we 're not ... We 're not on ... Earth ? - I 'm definitely going to need an aspirin . - Give it to him . What is that ? Captain ? Bear in mind you 're a captive of a dynasty that conquered three fourths of the universe . You will answer carefully if you value your life . Mm . Are you a real live princess ? ( Laughs hysterically ) I think we 've given our captain too much medication . No , I feel great . ( Continues chuckling ) The United States of America was an empire on the planet Earth some centuries ago . Those royal tutors gave you your money 's worth . You 're from Earth , Kane . You should know better than I. The United States perished almost 500 years ago . That would account for his spacecraft , his clothes . I have a better explanation . He 's a clever plant from the Federal Directorate of Earth . - A Plant ? - Yes , a spy . Placed in our path by their military . They wouldn 't dare . We come as an envoy from my father 's kingdom . I am fully aware of your father 's stated purpose , to guarantee trade with Earth . What reason could they have for placing a spy on board ? - To search our ship , to see if we 're armed . - I see . - We couldn 't allow that , could we ? - No . Then I 'm to assume that I may dispose of Captain Rogers as I see fit . How you handle security is your prerogative . Come on , Tigerman . What a layout . Wow . - How are we this morning ? - Terrific . This is a coincidence . - I got a ship just like this . - Disconnect the medication . Don 't do that . I really love that . - You 'll be on your way shortly . - Where ? - You 're going home . - Where 's that ? - On Earth . - Right . Your ship has been serviced and reprogrammed to take you home . - I 'm sure you must be anxious . - Seems like I haven 't been there in weeks . Whoa ! I 've had a great time with you guys . You know , I 'm going to miss you . I 've got a great idea . Why don 't we all go down there together ? You go on ahead . We 'll be along in a few days . Not if I wake up . Bye-bye . Boy , what a dream this is . Boy , they 're going to be surprised back at Houston when I come back with this story . 'Prepare to launch alien vessel . 'Five seconds to launch . 'Four , three , two , one , launch . ' Whoo-wee ! ( Kane ) He 's given us an opportunity to test the Earth 's defence shield . Test it ? We know that anyone entering Earth without a clearance is incinerated . But if our captain 's a spy , as I believe , they will escort him through the shield , along the narrow channel only known to their military . - How can this help us ? - I 've hidden a transmitter aboard his ship . It will send back the equivalent of a guide map . When we give the signal , it will be used by your father 's attack forces to pour through their defence shield . - What if Captain Rogers is not a spy ? - Then he will burn . - I see . - You don 't look very pleased . Of course I 'm pleased . I just have the strangest feeling I 'm going to see Captain Rogers again . ♫ Chicago , Chicago , you 're my kind of town ♫ Chicago , Chicago , I 'm going ... - ' Air Control 1 to vessel ... ' - ' This is Traffic Control , vessel Tartalian . 'What is your current position and fuel supply ? ' 'This is Tartalian to Air Control . We are approximately ... ' ' ♫ They do things they don 't do on old Broadway ... 'Houston Control , this is flight 711 . Come in , Houston Control . ' Put down your backgammon boards . Lucky Buck is back . Sir ... super ? 'Super on . What station is this ? ' Delta sector , sir . You don 't hear from me very often . Yes , Delta sector . My scanners monitor the low-frequency direct communication band . 'I 'm picking up some voices . ' I 'm sure you 're picking up pirate chatter . Nothing to be alarmed about . Echoes from the attack on our freighters . Those signals will bounce around all week . Yes , sir . I mean no , sir . This isn 't an echo , sir . It 's a voice . A strong voice . It 's singing . - Singing ? - Yes . - Delta sector , did you say singing ? - Yes . Operational control , this is supervisor 14 on the floor . Feed me the Delta sector . ' ♫ Won 't you come home , Bill Bailey , won 't you come home ? ' ♫ You 've been gone the whole night long ♫ Remember that rainy evenin' ♫ I threw you out ... ( Whistling ) Come in , Houston Control . 'Houston Control , this is flight 711 . 'Come on , you guys , give me instructions . I 'm on final re-entry . 'Come in , Houston Control . Houston Control , do you read me ? 'Come on , you turkeys , get off your duffs and give me some info . ' Practically a foreign language . Could it be some kind of joke ? ( Alarm ) He 's heading directly for the defence shield . Get me Intercept . Intercept Squadron on the line , please . Colonel Deering . What are the coordinates ? Retard the shield 100 miles until we verify the craft . ( Alarm continues ) Alert . Intercept airborne . Position of alien craft . - Very odd . - ' What 's odd ? ' Target is moving unusually slow and erratic for any conventional spacecraft . I have target in visual sight . What is it ? Hey , all right ? Nice seeing you ... guys . Who are you ? What are you ? 'Attention , alien spacecraft , do you read ? ' Watch who you call alien . You don 't look familiar yourself . Who are you ? Please restrict your answers to yes and no . You are in grave danger . From who , you ? 'You are traversing a corridor into our Inner Cities . ' Inner what ? Look , lady ... Colonel Deering . Please be quiet . If you deviate from my orders , you will be burned into vapours . Do you understand ? Vapours ? Yeah , I understand . What do I do ? - ' You have manual override capabilities ? ' - Sure . - Then follow me very closely . - Be right on your tail . We really blew it this time . Gotta be the Russians . - ' You 're doing just fine . ' - Da svidaniya . - I beg your pardon ? - Just trying to be friendly . Violating our airspace is an act of war , not friendship . Wait till the guys at the Cape hear this . Buck Rogers sets down in the middle of Red Square . 'Air Control 1 to Access . 'Clear on corridor 1-0 , able for incoming vessel . ' 'Confirm . Area is clear for approach on corridor 1-0 , able for incoming vessel . ' Hey , babe , this is quite a setup . Colonel Deering , commander of Earth 's defences . - You 're in charge ? - That 's right . - If there are no more questions ... - Take it easy . I 'd fly with you any time . - Take this barbarian in for interrogation . - What ? Hey , wait a minute . Wait . What are you doing ? Hey , wait ! ( Beeping ) How do you do , Captain Rogers ? My name 's Dr Huer and I 'm very pleased to meet you . What 's going on ? Where am I and what are you doing to me ? We 're studying you . It 's all electronic and painless . But so far we 're as boggled as you are by what 's happened . Your testing is producing phenomenal data . Terrific , but what is happening ? If I 'm dead , I obviously didn 't make it to heaven . - Just what planet is this ? - It 's Earth , of course . You returned as your mission required to almost the precise landing area originally programmed into your ship . Look , doc , I 've been through a lot . But there is no way you can tell me that city out there is anything like Chicago . No , it isn 't . There 's nothing like Chicago left on Earth . Allow me to bring in my administrator Dr Theopolis . Now , look , doc ... Twiki , would you bring in Dr Theopolis , please ? Bidi bidi bidi bidi bidi . - What is that ? - This is Twiki . - He 's your drone . - My what ? Well , for the duration of your debriefing and determination , Twiki will be your aide . And this is Dr Theopolis . Good morning , Dr Theopolis . Lovely day . Thank you . I did my best . Dr Theopolis is a member of our computer council . In addition , he 's responsible for all our environmental controls within the Inner City . I 'm introducing a pale hint of mauve into the sunset . Not so deep as an amethyst , but the more subtle burn texture of cinnamon . - How nice . - I hope our captain can watch it with us . It 's truly going to be lovely . If I were you , I 'd check on whoever is programming that thing . It is we on the council who do the programming for the entire city . And kindly reserve your opinion . Shall we get down to cases ? Captain Rogers , I 'll leave you with a word of advice . These Quads are not programmed by man . They 've been programmed by one another . You see , the mistakes we have made , in areas like our environment , have been entirely turned over to them and they 've saved the Earth from doom . Bringing us back , so we will not have to depend on other planets for food and water . The Quads are not human , but you can hurt their feelings . It 's this sensitivity that separates them from mere machines . So I 'll see you again in approximately 16 hours . 16 hours ! Wait a minute ! Do you think I 'm going to talk to a box for 16 hours ? Sit down , Captain . Let 's both try to be as pleasant as possible . That 's a good fellow . Twiki , place me on the table where I can get a good look at the captain while you get him some liquid refreshment . Bidi bidi bidi bidi . - I don 't need any liquid refreshment . - You do . You 're dehydrated from your ordeal , Buck . If I may call you Buck . Run along , Twiki , and get Captain Rogers his drink . Well , now , what an attractive man you are , Captain Buck Rogers . Now , look , I 've been waiting 24 hours to find out where I am , who I am , who you are ... Can I have some answers ? Certainly , Buck . That 's why I 'm here , to answer your questions . Great , let 's have it . You 're Captain Buck Rogers . According to your ship 's log , you left Earth in 1987 . That much I know . Tell me what I don 't know . If preliminary data holds up , it appears you have returned to Earth 504 years later . You are now in the 25th century . Buck ? Are you all right , Buck ? Did you hear me ? - Buck ? - I think I will have that drink now . Bidi bidi bidi bidi . Le 'chaim ! ( Theo ) You can take my word . He 's a wonderful man . Believe me . I believe you believe he 's a wonderful man , but you 're not being asked to risk our few surviving warriors on his subterfuge . He 's only one man . What can he do to endanger us ? He could discredit the treaty with Draconia . But he has made no such attempt . He comes to us a bewildered man . I would like the opportunity to spend time with him . Finding fault with his testimony is a waste of your time . Saving Earth is not a waste of time despite having to endure the captain 's company . Well , if Dr Theopolis has no objections , I have none . I have no objections . Then the captain belongs to me until I expose him . Bidi bidi bidi bidi bidi . ( Theo ) I have not seen Colonel Deering so emotional about anything before . Nor anyone . This part seems more of a dream than a nightmare . Look , I was a little out of it yesterday . I 'd like to apologise . I accept your apology , Captain . Tell me about the Holocaust . I can 't . Well , until I hear it and feel it , it isn 't real . I lost everything that was important to me . Mother , father , brother , sisters , a woman I cared for . Until something convinces me different , they 're waiting for me now , somewhere else in time and space . - What 's it like on the outside ? - You wouldn 't like it . Radiation ? In some places . Ruins and scorched earth everywhere else . So we 're dependent on trade with other planets . This trade agreement with the Draconians , what 's it about ? We 're being stewed out by pirates who choke off our shipping lines . The Draconians promise to keep our supply lines open in return for landing privileges . I 'd like to see my ship . Is that possible ? Anything is possible , Captain . Those guards thought we were crazy coming out here at this hour . I 've had enough sleep to last me a lifetime . Do you recognise these markings ? Common for an aircraft that had been in combat . I wasn 't in combat . Did your ships fire on me ? - Certainly not . - Then whose did ? - Possibly pirates . - Then why am I still here ? Why didn 't they finish me off , strip the ship or at least open it ? You 'd think pirates would check out an unarmed ship . Particularly one they bothered to fire on . You were in flight a long time . Anything could have happened . Those burns are fresh . The cordite is still unoxidised . I think Princess Ardala 's fighters fired on me before they towed me aboard her ship . - Her ship is unarmed . That is the law . - She seems to be bending it . What would you suggest ? Thoroughly searching her ship before you allow it inside your defence shield . An insulting way to begin an alliance based on good faith . Good faith is for bureaucrats and what gets you a city with a lid on it . I 'd go up there armed to the teeth , otherwise you 'll be sitting ducks . For a man whose expertise is five centuries old , you seem quite opinionated . You 're right . It 's none of my business how you blow up your world . We didn 't know what we were doing either . Good night . - Where are you going ? - To look around the city . - You 're under suspicion . - I want to see what 's changed . - That 's forbidden . - It 's a free country . At least it was . You 're still under arrest and my prisoner . I can 't let you go . - You 'll have to shoot me to stop me . - You leave me little choice . - You didn 't have to come with me , Theo . - I wanted to be with you . I wish you 'd listen to reason . This is nothing compared to what lies ahead . Why don 't we stay here for the night ? We 'd freeze to death . What warmth you feel emanates from the Inner City . In a few hours , they cut power by two thirds . It will drop well below zero out here . Well , it 's straight ahead , then , I guess . I 'm just sorry I brought you into all this . I was assigned to be with you . No one forced me into your camp . - I believed in you and I still do . - Bidi bidi . - What did he say ? - You don 't want to know . Oh . Bidi bidi bidi . - What 's he saying ? - You don 't want to know . Go back . I can put up with whatever 's out there if it helps me find out about my people . I 'll be with you , Buck . Bidi bidi bidi . - What did he say ? - You don 't want to know . - Stop saying that . I want to know . - He thinks we 're being watched . It 's just his imagination . Come on . - It 's hopeless . Absolutely hopeless . - We 'll be all right . - It isn 't you they 're after . - What ? No of fence , but it 's us . My gold circuits bring a lot of money on the black market . As for Twiki , well , I hate to tell you the use they 'll put him to . Where are you going ? My God , this is it . I don 't mean to impugn your strategy , but standing in the middle of the street is stupid under the circumstances . - Come on . - Bidi bidi bidi . ( Theo ) I don 't know where he 's going . Just follow him . Bidi bidi bidi . I don 't know what he 's doing . Just follow him , Twiki . ( Gasping and shrieking ) Bidi bidi bidi . Holy ... I know , Twiki . I see them . Just keep going . - ( Screech ) - Bidi bidi bidi . Don 't think thoughts like that . You 'll run down your batteries . This is where my parents are buried . At least I know part of it . We can 't stay long . We 're being followed . ( Moaning ) What happened ? There 's only one stone . No date . Only a few fortunate ones were buried . It happened so fast . Families were buried together . Dates became unimportant as all systems broke down . Finally , there were no more armies , only starvation , contamination and lingering death . - I wish I 'd been with them . - You can 't go back , Buck . The past is gone , but you can still help us with our future . Bidi bidi bidi bidi . If there is a future . I 'm afraid it 's too late . Take off , Twiki . ( Shouting ) Bidi bidi . Look out ! - Bidi bidi . - You dirty ... ( Shrieking ) There 's just too many of them . It 's hopeless . If anyone has any last words , I think now would be the time for them . Bidi bidi bidi . Let 's get out of here . - Bidi bidi . - ( Gunshots ) ( Screeching ) ( Crash ) Well , what brings you out on a night like this ? Captain , I came to find you at some personal risk . - Very ballsy . - Very what ? Forget it . Don 't expect any fanfare . We were fine until you came along . Right , Theo ? - Well ... - Forget it , Theo . - Bidi bidi bidi . - At least Twiki 's on my side . I like it here . It 's primitive , but it is the south side of Chicago . - We 're wasting time . Let 's go . - I 'm not through looking yet . - So unless you shoot me ... - You got away once , but not this time . ( zap ) What 's wrong ? - It 's true . He is working for the pirates . - I still don 't believe it . You stand alone . The microtransmitter was attached to his navigational equipment , revealing our access corridors to our enemies . That 's not the behaviour of an innocent man . - First I thought he was guilty and then ... - You 're being subjective in your evaluation . - I support him for very practical reasons . - What are they ? I 'm convinced of one thing . Captain Rogers has indeed met the Princess Ardala and has been aboard the Draconian flagship . His descriptions are too precise to be the guesswork of a pirate . Perhaps the pirates have been aboard her ship and told him . My dear , they are deadly enemies . It is unlikely that any pirate could survive such a visit to tell about it . Word from Earth on Captain Rogers ' fate . His ship was intercepted and led down , as I expected . Did the transmitter provide the necessary information to bring my father 's forces through their shield ? Yes , but the transmitter has been discovered . - Too bad . - It makes no difference . Once we 're welcomed inside , we 'll destroy the shield from within . Won 't they be suspicious when Captain Rogers tells them he was aboard our ship ? They won 't believe him . Captain Rogers is as good as dead . Now , stop worrying about the trial . I 'm a member of the council and I 'm going to defend you personally . Thanks , Theo . It 's nice to have at least one friend . - Bidi bidi bidi bidi . - I 'm sorry , Twiki . Two friends . The computer council is ready to hear arguments in the case of the Directorate versus Captain Rogers on charges of espionage . - Councillor Apol . - The state 's case is elemental . Captain Rogers piloted a foreign aircraft with a microtransmitter , revealing our shield borders to our enemies . What price , you may ask , what bounty would Captain Rogers consider just in selling out the human race ? Only his pirate friends can answer . But in my opinion , it is the destruction of the treaty with Draconia that they seek . For its enactment spells their doom . The state rests its case . We will now hear from the defence . Dr Theopolis . Distinguished colleagues , you have heard the evidence and I challenge you to find this man guilty . No evidence has been found to suggest his claim to a birthright on this planet because we all know full well , no records exist prior to the Great Holocaust . He has no explanation for the transmitter , because it was not his doing . He is an innocent pawn in a great war . I say to you , my colleagues , that if you find this man guilty , you must find me guilty . My sensors tell me that this man is good . The defence rests . Thank you . Captain Rogers , have you any last words before we pass judgement ? Just that I 'm an innocent pawn , puppet ... Call it what you will . Somebody else pulled the strings . You 'd be better advised to worry less about me and more about them . Cos I can do you no more harm , no matter what the outcome today . But he or she could destroy you . Very nice , Buck . We don 't have a thing to worry about . By unanimous vote , the council finds for the state . Captain Rogers , the council finds you guilty . Your life is to be terminated . Said termination to be carried out immediately . This council is adjourned . I don 't believe it . Aren 't you going to say anything ? - No . - That 's ridiculous . You have been sentenced for termination . At the very least , I would think a man of your sort would fly into a rage , lash out at me . - Say something . - Goodbye . - Buck , stop it . You 're being unreasonable . - I 'm being unreasonable ? It 's as if you don 't think the sentence will be carried out . I don 't think there 's going to be anyone around to carry the sentence out . I know you people won 't be in charge . You 're still clinging to your story about the Draconia bearing arms . I can prove it . What would you say if I told you that I came here to give you that chance ? How ? By flying out to meet the Draconia flagship to verify your story about them finding you . And do a little looking around while you 're there ? Exactly . No , no , I don 't like that plan . - It worries me . - Why ? You see , I 'm scheduled for termination . If I miss it , I might get in a lot of trouble . You are impossible . I 'm offering you your life and you give me jokes . That 's the point . Are you offering me termination of my termination or just postponing it ? If you can prove that your story is true ... Let 's go . Stay close to my wing . We 'll keep manoeuvres simple . Stay on auto flight . Don 't run anything but the throttle . Thanks , Colonel . Is it all right if I occasionally look out the window ? This is no time for levity . We 've lost a third of our ships in this vector to pirates . When they hit , they hit fast . You can 't outfly the computer . It will take any necessary evasive action . - If you try to fly it , you 'll only cost us a ship . - I appreciate your concern . I just wish I 'd brought along something to read . I make a target vector 4-0-1 . 'Roger , Colonel . I have a visual on target . ' If you have visual at this distance , it must be gigantic . Permission to come aboard ? Why ? A special envoy . That 's all I know . It isn 't according to protocol . What do you think they have in mind ? I don 't know , but they gave us plenty of warning . There 'll be nothing to betray us . I 'd be curious to know what they have in mind . Let 's prepare a very special welcome for them . Send out our pirate ships and arrange a little surprise for them . Welcome aboard the flagship Draconia , envoy of Draco , conqueror of space , warlord of Astria , ruler of the Draconian realm . I give you his daughter Princess Ardala . Delighted . This is an unexpected pleasure . We 're hardly prepared to greet you properly . Consider your time adequate greeting . I 'm Colonel Deering of the Earth Directorate . I believe you already know Captain Rogers . But no . If I 'd met so dashing a captain , I 'm sure I would have remembered vividly . I don 't believe we 've had the pleasure . I think you 're mistaken , Princess . I never forget a knuckle . - Captain . - We 're here to get to the bottom of things . Would you like me to describe some of your inner chambers ? Of what inner chambers does he refer ? She may not find me memorable , but I 'll never forget her . I liked the dress with the high-necked collar . Colonel Deering , what is this all about ? Why are you here ? The pirate forces are at their worst here . We wanted to assure your safe arrival . 'Alert . Draconia under attack by hostile ships . ' - And Captain Rogers says ... - ' All personnel to posts . ' - Men , to your ships . - Alert all stations . Secure the ship . So this is how you bid us safe conduct ? At least we will all perish together . ( Alarm ) 'Clear all launch pads for attack . Alert . ' ( Alarm continues ) ( Rapid fire ) Look out . He 's on your tail . Pull up . I 'll head him off . You 're diving into his power . - I ordered you to stay out of this . - You need all the help you can get . - Bandit at 12 o 'clock high . - 12 o 'clock what ? Lieutenant , disregard . Captain Rogers , get off the air . Our combat computers are way ahead of you . If your computers don 't do something fast , then where will you be ? Watch out , Thornberry . - Colonel , go to manual flight . - ' Stop distracting our pilots . ' 'There 's a couple of pirates on your tail . ' I 'm switching to manual to dish out what we 've been taking . I 'm ordering you back to the base . Now , then , let 's see how you like a little old-fashioned red-dogging . One sack , six to go . Gotcha . - Take it down and into retros . - It 's against all principles of combat . That 's called blitzing your linebackers . 'I don 't know what went wrong with our combat computers , but thank you . ' Now , Captain , let 's go home . - My place or yours ? - ' What did you say ? ' - ' Just joking . ' - ' Air Control 1 to Access . 'Clear on corridor 1-0 , able for incoming vessel . ' 'Sir , area is all clear for approach on corridor 1-0 , able for incoming vessel . ' Colonel Deering , have you seen Captain Rogers ? Yes . Why ? Our council has had a formal request from Her Majesty Princess Ardala . What has that got to do with him ? She feels he single-handedly saved their unarmed vessel from the pirates and wants to thank him personally . - Single-handedly ? - Even your ship was nearly destroyed . Were it not for Captain Rogers ' skills and quick thinking , the Princess feels ... I don 't care what the Princess feels ! I know what happened . I was there . Tomorrow I conquer Earth . Tomorrow we conquer Earth , Your Highness . ( Hum of conversation ) ( Theo ) You look magnificent , Buck . ( Twiki ) Bidi bidi . - ( Theo ) ls something troubling you ? - Why am I invited ? Nobody believes me . Princess Ardala wants to thank you for fighting the pirates . I 'd like to have a word or two with her myself ... alone . I 'm sure that won 't be permitted . After all , you are only a captain . And not even commissioned at that . - What have you got for a headache ? - Are you ill ? I 'm not fully recovered from that long trip . Why didn 't you say something ? Twiki will get you a relaxant . ( Applause ) It 's time to go in now . We don 't want to keep the trade delegation waiting . ( Fanfare ) Welcome . The Draconian trade delegation under the leadership of Her Royal Highness , crown princess of the realm Ardala . I bring you greetings on this historic occasion . My father King Draco would like to present to you his own flagship Draconia , filled with all the latest technology , as a gift to symbolise a glorious new era of commerce and peace . Let the celebration begin . ( Electronic music ) We brought you some pills , Buck . For your headache . It 's a very strong relaxant . - You mustn 't take more than one at a time . - Thanks , guys . I see dancing has come a long way in 500 years . Listen , I 'm going to need a rose . - Did you say rose ? - A red one . - What do you need a rose for ? - Twiki , would you go get me one quickly ? - How do you like our presentation ? - Most impressive . Did this folk dance come all the way from her daddy 's world ? Sorry , I don 't understand your terms . And I would suggest a more respectful reference than Daddy . He 's perhaps the greatest leader the world has ever known . A word of caution , Colonel . Beware of Greeks bearing gifts . Greeks ? Maybe that was a little before your time . Quite a while back . Do you know the story of the Trojan horse ? - No . - Well , forget it . I guess I came from a time that was hopelessly paranoid . See you around . - Bidi bidi bidi . Your rose , Buck . - Thank you , Twiki . Buck , no one else is giving her flowers . You 'll make them all look ridiculous . Stay close , fellas . We 're next . Captain Rogers , congratulations and thank you . We 're very grateful to you for saving us from those horrible privateers . Not too loud , Princess . Around here , they think I am a privateer , thanks to you . Me ? I hope I haven 't caused you too much embarrassment . Are you angry ? - On behalf of the ... - Theo ... Bidi bidi bidi . What a body . - From me to you . - Who 's your charming little friend ? His name is Twiki . That thing hanging around his neck is Theo , a member of the computer council . - Your Majesty . - Join me in the next dance ? - The Princess does not ... - Does not mind if she does . I don 't think I 'm up on the latest dance steps . - If you have a preference , it is my party . - How about something old-fashioned ? Sir , excuse me , are you familiar with rock ? Try it . Come on . ( ♫ Electronic gavotte ) No , that 's not it . Just let yourself go . Go with the music . - ♫ Electronic funk ) - That 's it . Right . Yeah . - What are you doing ? - I 'm gettin ' down . It 's before your time , if it frightens you . - Nothing frightens me . - Fine . Get down and boogie . Bidi bidi bidi . - It 's expressive . - It 's disgusting . What happens if we bump together ? We become man and wife . Bidi bidi bidi bidi . Groovy . Get down . You 're quite a man , Captain Rogers . I have the feeling the Earth people believed your story about being frozen for 500 years . - Not on your life . They think I 'm a spy . - One of mine ? - They 're not sure . - Want to join up ? Who do I have to see to make my move ? Me . Tell me , that building , is it still the communications centre ? - That would be secret information . - Of course . ( Laughs humourlessly ) I will always be one of you , Dr Huer . Perhaps I will remain here permanently . We hope so . Your Highness , the ministers would like a few minutes . - Later , Kane . - Business of the realm comes first . Your father expects you to serve the best interests of the realm . If you don 't , he has 29 other daughters that will . It 's been a pleasure , but I 'm afraid our duties are cut out for us . Later , perhaps ? I depart aboard my private launch at midnight . I 'll be there . Captain Rogers , I wonder if this wouldn 't be a good time to talk with you . Princess Ardala left so abruptly and the party seems to be over . You don 't have any plans , do you ? Well ... Good . I have something I would like to say . - Well ... - I thought you were a spy , Captain Rogers . I was wrong . Would you like to go someplace ? I 'm ... not up to that yet . I 've been out of it for quite a while . 500 years . I 've got to go easy on re-entry . ( Spaceship approaching ) ♫ Chicago , Chicago , you 're my kind of town - ( Growls ) - ♫ Chicago , Chicago ... It 's all right . - Listen to her . She 's making sense . - I asked Captain Rogers to join us . Lucky for you she called me off . We 're almost there . - Where are you going ? - Bidi bidi . I know it 's chilly , but we 've got no choice . Our orders are to stay close to Buck and he may need us . - So back in the cooler . - Bidi bidi bidi . Twiki , I 'm speaking to you . Bidi bidi . I 'm freezing my ball bearings off . Captain Rogers is just not to be found . What do you expect from a primitive ? We 'll let you know if we hear anything . You are a spy , Buck Rogers . And I know exactly where you are . Out . They make better pets if you have them fixed . Let 's make ourselves comfortable . Pour us a drink . At last we 're alone . Have you nothing to say ? Up until now I didn 't know what I 'd been missing . - I have a confession as well . - There 's somebody else back home ? I didn 't realise what I was missing . You 're different . You 're arrogant . You disregard orders and you 're the kind of man who could unseat my father . Your father 's seat is the furthest thing from my mind . - I brought you here for a reason . - I was counting on that . - I want you by my side . - That wasn 't exactly what I had in mind . Consider it . You have no idea what it 's like being the daughter of Draco the Conqueror . 29 sisters nipping at your heels . Weaselly little courtiers like Kane vying for power . But with a man , a real man like yourself ... I could defy my father . I could live my own life . - A magnificent new dynasty . - Aren 't we getting ahead of ourselves ? I 'll take that drink now . - We have to be very careful . - Do we ? Mm-hm . The timing is not good . Things never change . That 's the way it 's always been . Why couldn 't I have met you sooner ? We 've got plenty of time , don 't we ? 'All armament personnel , report to flight bay to begin loading weaponry . ' ( Kane ) Look at them . They 're sleeping . The fools will never know what happened . I 'm so relaxed . Would you turn out the lights ? If you 're a spy , I 'll have to kill you . That 's an example of your best pillow talk ? I think I 've found your problem . This is no good , Twiki . There are soldiers everywhere . We don 't even know where to begin to look for Captain Rogers . ( zap ) Holy gee ! See if we can find your jammies now . The pirate ships . That 's how they attacked us . It was her own people . ( ♫ Whistles Chicago ) - Where 's Tigerman ? - I don 't know , sir . ( Knocking ) Go away . Did they wake you , my darling ? Did they wake you , my little babykins ? ( Screaming ) Blast it ! Get out ! Get him out ! - Get him out ! Execute him ! - No . Remove him for questioning . - You countermand my order ? - Under the circumstances , yes . Do as I say . Take him . - You have a lot of explaining to do . - I have explaining to do ? It 's not Gucci , but what the hell ? Bidi bidi . I don 't want to get caught either , but something is wrong and we 've got to find out what it is . Bidi bidi . I hope you know this violates my warranty . You have quite obviously been ... preoccupied . I will deal with you for your insolence later . Give the order to attack at once . We cannot attack without your father 's forces . Kane , you 're spineless ! We do not need my father . We have the element of surprise . We can wipe out the Inner City and the defence shield . By the time my father 's forces arrive , we 'll be sitting on the throne of the Earth . At least I will , since you don 't have the nerve . All right . We will attack . A wise decision , Kane . Meanwhile , Captain Rogers is loose somewhere on this ship . Find him . 'Alert . 'Hostile intruder aboard ship . Alert . ' ( Alarm ) - Bidi bidi bidi bidi . It 's Buck . - He 's wearing the uniform of the enemy . This will warm your tail . Those are warships out there . That means the treaty is a hoax . But we can do one last service for our country . We can deal with Captain Rogers . 'Six minutes to attack and counting . ' 'Five minutes to attack and counting . ' - Don 't move , Captain Rogers . - What are you doing here ? - This isn 't going to be pleasant . - Get out of here . I 've got work to do . We can see that , you traitor . - Can 't you see what 's happening ? - Someone 's about to bomb Earth . - Do you recognise these ships ? - I don 't see ... They 're pirate ships . Why would they be aboard a Draconian flagship ? Sorry . You 'll have to do better than that . Come with us ... 'Four minutes to attack and counting . ' Look , you load of electronic gibberish . Have you heard of loading bombs into the tailpipe of a rocket ship ? - Bidi bidi . - You be quiet , Twiki . I 'm getting confused . I can help . There are no pirate ships . There never were . Those are Draconian bombers disguised as marauders . They 've been harassing your shipping lanes to force you into a treaty with Draconia . Of course . It 's ingenious , if true . 'Three minutes to attack ... ' You 've got ten seconds . Do you believe in me or Kane ? - Some choice . - What about yourself ? - Do your circuits tell you I 'm on the level ? - Yes . Why don 't you go along with your initial instincts ? All right , but only on the condition you help us get to a communicator so we can warn the Inner City . You 'll have to do that on your own . I 've got to make sure none of these ships can launch . Commander Kane , we found a guard unconscious in bay 3 . - ' Two minutes to attack ... ' - We 've run out of time . - They found the guard I wiped out . Go . - We 'll do our part . Good luck , Buck . Take me over to the console , Twiki . Now , grab the middle panel . '90 seconds to attack and counting . ' ( Theo ) Drop it . Grab the circuits and pull them . Bidi bidi . Aaargghh ! '80 seconds to attack and counting . ' '70 seconds to attack and counting . ' Put me close to the microphone . '60 seconds to attack and counting . ' 'Earth Directorate , emergency channel , come in , please . ' - Colonel Deering online . - ' This is Dr Theopolis . ' Where are you ? How did you get on this emergency channel ? I m on board the flagship Draconia 'I followed Captain Rogers as ordered . Please listen . ' The Draconia is not , repeat not , an unarmed vessel . She is filled with bombers preparing to launch an attack against the Inner City . But how ? Her landing bay was empty . Scramble your fighter squadrons at once . Thank you , Doctor . Good luck . Dr Huer , permission to scramble fighters ? '20 seconds to attack and counting . ' Battle stations . Fighters prepare to launch . ( Engines power up ) 'Ten seconds to attack and counting . ' Stand by to attack . 'Eight , seven , six ... 'five seconds to launch , four , three , two , one . ' Attack ! Aarrgh ! What is it ? What 's going on ? - Our ships simply explode . - That 's impossible . This is Earth Directorate . Attack bombers as they launch , and the main ship . There are no bombers to attack . They 're exploding as they emerge . That doesn 't make sense . Get our warships out there ! Prepare to intercept . Do not use combat computers . Disengaging Draconian on your wing . I 'll get him . Two coming up from below . I 'll jump the one on the top . I 've got the other one . Take that and that . Haaargh ! Shit . Right , I 'm going to hold you responsible for any damage done to this bay . ( Evil chuckle ) ( Roars ) Arrgh ! I 'm sorry it had to come to this . ( Howling ) ( Panting ) Bottoms up . 'Prepare to transmit image of King Draco . ' What in the name of the realm is going on ? You are attacking while my ships are still hours away ! I ... was just following orders . - And just whose orders were you following ? - Your daughter 's , sir . Did she order our ships to disintegrate as they enter battle ? If either of you survive this greatest debacle our realm has known , you 'll answer to me ! All squadrons , prepare to finish off the mother craft . 'Emergency . ' - ( Alarm ) - ' Emergency . Emergency . ' - This was your doing , Your Highness . - ( Explosion ) I ought to leave you here to burn up with the ship . But I want you alive to answer to your father . I have an emergency escape shuttle ready to leave . It will take us far enough away to reach your father 's ships . 'Emergency . Emergency . ' 'Emergency . ' Argh ! 'Emergency . Emergency . ' 'The ship is ready to blow . ' Withdraw all ships from the impact area . I 'm going to get Theo and Twiki . - Forget us . Save Buck . - Buck ? 'He single-handedly destroyed their entire fleet of warships . ' - He sent us to warn you . - Meet me on the flight deck . - We 're going to find Buck . - Bidi bidi . 'Emergency . Emergency . ' - Theo , Twiki , over here ! - Bidi bidi bidi . It 's good to see you again , Buck . - No formalities . This magazine will blow . - Help is on the way . - What do you mean , help ? - Wilma 's coming . She can 't land here . She 'll be killed . Aaargh ! 'Emergency . ' - It 's time to go . - This way , Buck . Through here . 'Emergency . Emergency . ' ( Twiki ) Taxi cab ! Taxi ! - Let 's go . That magazine 's about to blow . - Get in . 'Emergency . Emergency . Emergency . ' 'Emergency . Emergency . ' - Very nice . - Thank you . But we 're not in the clear yet . We would be rulers of Earth now if you hadn 't let Buck Rogers on board . He wouldn 't have been necessary if you were more of a man . We owe you a great deal more than an apology , Buck . Especially me . I confess I thought the Princess had you beguiled . Well , I will say she had the nicest set of horns at the ball . Yes , it was an attractive hat . ( Princess ) You 'll never be the man Buck Rogers is . We 'll see when we meet Mr Rogers again . - And we will . - I hope so . Buck , I know I 've been aloof towards you and cold . I was frightened , afraid to get involved . Mm-hm . Things are going to be different now between us . I 'm not all business . I 'm every bit the woman that the Princess was . - That 's nice . - From now on , I 'm going to prove it to you . - What ? - I guess that 's the last we 'll see of Kane . And the Princess . Twiki . Bidi bidi bidi bidi . Uh-oh ! Eyes forward . You 'll get star sick . Bidi bidi bidi . Buck , you 're my kind of guy . ♫ Far beyond the world I 've known ♫ Far beyond my time ♫ What am I ? Who am I ? ♫ What will I be ? ♫ Where am I going ♫ And what will I see ? ♫ Searching my mind ♫ For some truths to reveal ♫ What thoughts are fantasy ♫ What memories real ? ♫ Long before this life of mine ♫ Long before this time ♫ What was there ? Who cared to make it begin ? ♫ ls it forever ♫ Or will it all end ? ♫ Searching my past ♫ For the things that I 've seen ♫ ls it my life ♫ Or just something I 've dreamed ? ♫ Far beyond this world I 've known ♫ Far beyond my time ♫ What kind of world am I going to find ? ♫ Will it be real or just all in my mind ? ♫ What am I ? Who am I ? ♫ What will I be ? ♫ Where am I going ♫ And what will I see ? ♫
