 'The year is 1987 and NASA launches the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck " Rogers , 'are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems 'and returns Buck Rogers to Earth 500 years later . ' 'In our last episode , Buck Rogers assumed the identity of a killer . ' Argus . We know Rafael Argus was about to be initiated into the Legion Of Death . However , because he operated under a variety of names and appearances , none of the other assassins has any clear idea of what he looks like , which is fortunate for you , as you 'll be impersonating him . Oh . - Get his gun ! - Out ! Greetings , Mr Argus . I take it this means I passed . Anyone who can hold his own against us deserves to be considered one of us . I 'm Kellogg . Sherese and Quince . And Varek . We 're being observed . Kill her ! Now ! Rafael Argus . I should have known . - Is Rafael here yet ? - Joella , it 's been a while . I know we didn 't part under the best of terms , but give me a chance , will you ? You got a deal , Rafe . Total destruction of the Terran capital , New Chicago . To destroy a city , you 'd need an earthquake or ... Or an antimatter explosion . ( Laughing ) Barney ? I met Rafael Argus two years ago on Sutter 's World , and I can tell you for a fact , that ain 't him . You 've got to be kidding . Would you believe someone you met today ? Or someone we met yesterday ? And Joella , you should have told us he was an impostor when you could . - Leave her out of this . - Stop him ! ( Shouting ) The lights ! Not this time , porky . Go . Stop ! - Oh ! You are something . - We 're not out of the woods yet . Let 's split up . Meet in the terminal of the space port in ten minutes . Right . Uh ... We 're just beyond the stargate , Doctor . - ' I 'm bringing Markos back with me . ' - Good . And Buck 's all right ? - Buck isn 't with me . - What ? What happened ? We were to meet at 1500 hours . I waited as long as I dared . - He 's still on Aldebaran ? - I didn 't want to leave him there . No , no , of course not . I 'll explain everything back on Earth . Deering out . Now , whoever you are , whom do you work for ? The Stellar Authorities ? - What 's in that thing ? - A chemical , that 's all . It will act upon the thalmic regions of your brain . But don 't worry . While it will cause a great deal of pain , it won 't do any physical damage . All right , all right . I 'll tell you . I like my thalmic regions just the way they are , thank you . Who are you and what did you do with Argus ? Wist . Aron Wist . Aron Wist . You 've heard of him ? Just stories . An assassin , out of Alpha Centauri . Strictly local . Small-time . Not so small-time I didn 't have all of you fooled . Mmm . The question is why ? I heard you four were getting together . I thought Argus might be in on something big . I wanted a cut . I didn 't think I 'd end up avenging one of your dead buddies for free . And Argus ? He didn 't object to you impersonating him ? Argus was in no condition to object to anything . Are you trying to tell us you killed Rafael Argus ? I never said that . You never heard me say that . I say we kill him now and get it over with . Perhaps we should attempt to validate Mr Wist 's story . Varek , bring my transmitter case here . Quickly . And how do we validate his story ? I have this friend who happens to be a cataloguer at the Earth Defense Directorate . Not only is he keeping Elias Huer busy with pyrotechnical reminders that we do mean to avenge Deneva 's death , but he also has access to the Directorate 's data banks . With any luck , we should have positive identification within 30 minutes . So , Mr Wist , if that is your name , you have nothing to worry about . If not ... I think you 're lying , Mr Markos . Take him to the lab . Have Dr Nolan prepare the mind probes . Hooking me up to one of your machines isn 't going to do you any good . Shortly , you and the rest of this city are gonna be blown to bits . In case it hasn 't dawned on you , if and when this city is destroyed , you 'll be destroyed as well . I pray he is lying . Unless we find out exactly how they plan to destroy New Chicago , the best we can do is step up general security . Still no word from Buck ? No , none . Since we lack concrete data , Doctor Huer , I suggest we analyse all known factors and attempt to develop a theory concerning the assassins ' plan . Twiki , please place me on the desk so that Dr Huer and I can talk . - Bidibidibidi . - Here , let me help you , Twiki . He 's not used to subspace communication . Maybe he 's using the wrong channel . We 've kept all channels open ever since you returned , Colonel . And we 've heard nothing . He 's probably dead . He 's Aron Wist , all right . I say we kill him anyhow . Stand by , Mr Hartsteen . Let 's consider his story . He 's here , impersonating Rafael Argus . Argus is nowhere to be found . Circumstantial evidence does indicate that he indeed has killed Argus . And anyone capable of eliminating the legendary Rafael Argus is a formidable ally . He 's an arrogant fool , Kellogg . Sherese , if arrogance were a capital crime , we 'd all be dead long ago . I say he goes with us . - In my ship . - He goes in mine . Wait a minute . Don 't I have anything to say about this ? He goes with Quince . Mr Hartsteen , thank you for the vid copy . I have one more request . 'We are about to leave for Earth , 'but before we do , I wanna be absolutely certain 'that Huer suspects nothing . ' That could be very dangerous . That 's what you are paid for , Hartsteen . You will get back to me within 20 minutes . Kellogg out . You three head for the space port . Our transportation should be ready momentarily . And I suggest that if Mr Wist gives us any trouble at all , we eliminate him . - Agreed ? - Most definitely . Doctor Huer , have you heard from Buck ? Well , not exactly . Doctor Theopolis was just informed that information on Aron Wist has been extracted from the central data bank . Aron Wist ? I don 't understand . Wist is a nonexistent criminal , invented by the Defense Directorate . Buck was instructed to use Aron Wist as a secondary cover in the event his primary cover failed . So the fact that someone was tapping that information means someone 's verifying Buck 's story . And that Buck is still alive . - Doctor , request to return to Aldebaran . - Denied . - But , Doctor ... - No . He must get out of this himself . You could place him in more jeopardy . I understand . Wist is actually an agent . Are you certain ? 'Positive . His real name is Buck Rogers . ' ( sighs ) And Huer , he still has no idea exactly how I plan to destroy New Chicago ? 'No , he doesn 't . Whatever you intend to do , 'it sounds safe for you to go ahead . ' And if that 's the case , I 'll be signing off now . Got a shuttle to catch to New Phoenix . You 've established the credit account there , as we discussed ? 'Yes , yes , of course . You 've earned your money . Kellogg out . ' Played for a fool . Twice ... in one day . ( Growls ) I 'll have Quince tear him to pieces . 'Flight 723 to Alter 5 , 'now boarding at gate 20 . ' Wait a minute , you little worm . Greetings , my dear . Salutations . We meet again . You turned us in for the money . I needed such heavy bribes for customs . - I was bled dry . - Aw ! Moreover , I discovered that the credits with which my friend Kellogg paid me off were , shall we call , tainted . Luckily , I was able to pass them off on a less-discerning fellow for a well-equipped starfighter , which is being readied for flight in hangar bay number nine . You little creep . There is a great , wide , potentially lucrative universe waiting out there for an enterprising fellow such as myself . And a universe , I might add , which could prove equally lucrative to an enterprising young woman . Ever thought of leaving this primitive mud bowl and entering civilisation ? - Argh ! - That 's it . Don 't make a snap decision . Take some time . Think about it . I can wait . 'Arriving passenger Dr Adam Strange from Alpha Centauri , 'please report to the reservations desk . ' There they are . Come on , Varek , let 's say goodbye to Buck Rogers , shall we ? We 'll get the ID plates and wait for Kellogg at the ships . Any idea what he wants us to do first ? What we 're gonna do first is get rid of you . Kellogg , we 've been through this before . He 's an agent for the Earth Defense Directorate . I do the honours . Put it away , my dear . You may have what 's left . Aaargh ! After ' em ! Varek , go in there and dispose of him . He 'll think that was you . Why did you do that ? This is why . This is who I am . You can 't imagine life on my planet . The children are afraid to look at their own reflections . Children with the touch of death . Children like myself . Kellogg is condemning your people to the same fate as mine . There 's no hope for my world but there is for Earth . Stop them . - That 's something you can do , isn 't it ? - No . I have never belonged anywhere , except with Kellogg . That 's all I know . That 's all I can do . That 's why I 'm freeing you . You stop them . Please . It 's done . That 's fine . Well , our ships must be ready . Let 's retrieve Mr Quince and be on our way to New Chicago . - Er ... hello , Dr Huer . - Hello , Hartsteen . You 're making a rather short day of it , aren 't you ? I don 't feel very well . I was on my way to the clinic . Oh , I see . If Dr Theopolis hadn 't been on to your extracurricular activities , we might not know it was you who tapped the data bank for information on Aron Wist . What does Kellogg have in mind for New Chicago ? I don 't know . - Bidibidibidibidi . - Take him to detention . But I do know they 're wise to the agent you sent to Aldebaran . Buck Rogers is a dead man , Huer , like all the rest of you . A dead man . Bidibidibidibidi . Hard buns , Hartsteen . All subspace calls require two forms of identification , regardless of what party is billed , especially on this planet . I have got to make that transmission . There are thousands in danger . So go to the police if it 's that important . But the authorities here are as bad as the criminals . Maybe so , but they do know what to do with loiterers . If you get my drift , sir . Yeah , I get your drift . - I 'll give you a call when hell freezes over . - Buck ! - Oh , Buck ! - Joelle ! I 've been looking all over for you . I figured , after what I did to Quince , I 'd better lay low . Thanks for what you did . You could have been killed . For the third time today , incidentally . Ever since I met you , I 've been making some very powerful people angry at me . You know something ? I haven 't had this much fun in months . - You 're out of your mind , you know that ? - No more than you . 'Flight 723 ... ' - Thanks . - For almost getting you killed ? For letting me help you and for not casting me aside after you 'd done with me . Come on . I 've gotta find a ship and get to Earth as quickly as possible . Look , the place we 're going could be very dangerous . - So if you want me to drop you off ... - Uh-huh . We 've come this far together , we 'll go all the way . OK . In fact , I think I know where we can find a ship . Terrific . Let 's go . ( Sherese ) Just how do we break into this generating plant ? By using our combined abilities - under my direction , of course . None of us could accomplish this task alone . - Really ? - Quince ... Formidable as your telekinesis can be , you can only concentrate on one thing at a time . Inside the plant , there will be upwards from 20 barriers . With my logistical skills , I can analyse security systems in minutes . You and Varek , with your abilities , can easily circumvent those security devices between you . - And me ? - You , Sherese , will help us with the final key to our task , - Mr Richard Selvan . - Who ? We do need an Energy Directorate employee to help us gain initial entry to the plant . Mr Selvan is a respected employee , an engineer and a family man . Why will he cooperate ? Show me one family man who can afford to be a hero . Take a look , my friends . A long , good look . Tomorrow , the picture will be different . 'Flight 262 ... ' You like ? She 's nice . I hate to steal some poor schlep 's starfighter , though . I wouldn 't worry about that . Wait till you meet the owner . As a matter of fact , there he is now . Thank you . 'Flight 666 to Barba 's Planet 'will be leaving from gate six in 30 minutes . ' Hello , Barney . Well , my friends . I am happy to see that you have managed to escape the tendrils of disaster . No thanks to you . You were more than happy to sell me out for a few thousand credits . Oh , my friend , I feel insulted . Do you think that I would sell you out for a few thousand credits ? Few hundred thousand . I see , and with that money , you bought a very nice starfighter . It 's beautiful , isn 't it ? A real beauty . A steal , if you 'll pardon the expression . She is . I 'm looking forward to flying her . Actually , it 's cosmetic . The engines are in terrible shape , terrible disrepair . My friend , you are joking . You won 't let a lapse of judgment on my part affect your sensibilities . Give me your ID plate , Barney . Just who are you , anyway ? Who do you work for ? If I don 't get to Earth , a sizeable chunk of a planet I 'm very fond of will be destroyed . Who cares ? You could buy a new planet . My friend , I 'm talking heavy credits , here . Give me your ID plate , Barney . ( Groans ) There 's a law against this , you know . How do you propose I get off this celestial mudball ? A word of advice , Barney . Learn to like mud . Wait . Come on . Hit it back . Enough , Matt , enough . I 'm tired . Go and play with your sister Katrina and let me rest . That 's a fine , healthy looking boy you have there . His name is Mateo , isn 't it ? He was named after your wife 's father . Your wife being Therese , of course . And the little girl playing next to our friends there , that must be Katrina . What is this ? Who are you ? You have something we want . But I have no money . I 'm not rich . I 'm just an engineer . It 's not money we want , Mr Selvan . You have access to the contraterrene generating plant . We want in to that plant . It 's just that simple . You 're smugglers . That 's it . You 're trying to steal some sort of hardware . - Something like that . - But that place is a fortress . I 'll never get you past the security devices . Don 't flatter yourself , Mr Selvan . We don 't expect you to . You 're a key , nothing more . Just get us inside and we 'll do the rest . No . I won 't do it . It would mean my job . I won 't do it ! That 's very noble , Mr Selvan . Your job . Hmm . Are you as brave when it comes to the lives of your family ? Mister , why are you wearing that mask ? It 's sort of a game . Do you like magic ? Give me your hand . Take these pebbles and drop them into my hand . Take them back and do it again . Oh ! Do it again ! Do it again ! OK . I 'll get you in , but just don 't harm my family . Don 't harm my family . Don 't worry , Mr Selvan , you do your job and they 'll be fine . Sure . We may be smugglers but we do know the value of a contract . 'You can 't imagine life on my planet . 'Children are afraid to look at their own reflections . 'Children with the touch of death , children like myself . ' Buck , you OK ? Boy , do I hate to go through those things . Earth Directorate , this is Buck Rogers . Do you read ? Yes . Buck . Where are you ? 40 minutes from Earth . The assassins are on their way there now . Kellogg plans to sabotage the reactor outside New Chicago . That 's impossible . The security at that reactor is impregnable . Doc , do you think anything is impregnable to these people ? You 're right . Of course . Very well . I 'll lead a ground squad to the reactor myself . Colonel Deering will meet you on the flight deck . Huer out . You 're taking me to a city that may be wiped off the map at any minute ? - I told you it might be dangerous . - You 've a gift for understatement . Why do all the good-looking ones have to be crazy ? The plant is only a few kilometres away . We 'll land behind the rock formations at its northern perimeter . Won 't be long now . ( Kellogg ) Clever , very clever . Even the identifying sensors are hidden , but you know where they are , do you not ? ( Quince ) Send Varek in ahead and let him open the doors from the inside . No , Quince , the portal can only be opened from the outside . Not without the correct identity code . Mr Selvan here is our only key . This is insane . There are literally dozens of security baffles inside this plant . Besides , you 'll never make it beyond the maintenance androids . After we enter , the sensors will pick up five heartbeats , not just one . An alarm will go off , so be prepared . If you will , Mr Selvan . - ( Alarm sounding ) - ' Halt . There is no trespassing . ' 'You are in violation of statute zero , six , zero , five . ' Androids , as you can see . Shall we continue ? - Buck ! - Wilma ! You 're all right ! Oh ! Yeah . I was caught between a rock and a hard place , but I 'm OK . I don 't understand you but it feels good not understanding you again . - Joella , Wilma , Wilma , Joella . - Hi . - How are we doing ? - Dr Huer 's on his way with the ground forces and three starfighters are ready . Terrific . Joella , I 'll leave you in two of the most capable hands in New Chicago . - Theo , Twiki , this is Joella . - Bidibidi . You 'll see to sights you never dreamed existed . - Bidibidibidi . - I thought you 'd feel that way . - Let 's go . - Bidi bidi ! - What a fox . - ( Theopolis ) Now wait a minute , Twiki . - I have a great deal to do in my office . - I 'll drop you off . That is a neutronium vault door . You will never be able to make it past it . ( Pulsing ) One more step and we activate the defence laser . The sensor web picks up any changes in air density . The sensor switch is on that far wall . Varek will turn it off . Don 't you hear me ? Put that grotesque body of yours to some use and turn it off . ( Beeping ) ( Beeping stops ) - It 's done . - We 're not handing out medals , Varek . If I 'm not mistaken , this should be the final obstacle . Was that correct , Mr Selvan ? - I wouldn 't know . - Of course you would . One button gives us direct access to the main control room . The other , should we press it , releases a potent nerve gas that will paralyse all of us instantly . Yes ? So , you see , Mr Selvan , it 's up to you . Choose the wrong button and I 'm afraid our associate in New Chicago will have to eliminate your family . Despite his growing fondness for your lovely wife . The top one . ( Whispers ) The top one . Well ? He 's lying . Thank you , Mr Selvan . You did exactly as I expected . Took a chance that we couldn 't notify our associate before the nerve gas took effect . For whatever it 's worth , you would have been right . The Energy Directorate has been receiving automated distress signals from the contraterrene plant for 20 minutes . How far are Dr Huer and his people from the plant ? He should close in in 10 minutes . - Have the people at the plant been alerted ? - There aren 't any , only a few maintenance androids that also double as guards . The plant 's controlled by technicians at the Energy Directorate . - Almost everything else is ... - Computerised . And this must be the vacuum chamber . Correct . The antimatter is held in an electromagnetic bottle , which is invisible to us . What are you doing ? If you keep that up , the magnetic bottles containing the antimatter will erode . I know exactly what I 'm doing . I 've researched contraterrene reactors . It has always been a pet conceptual project of mine . But if the bottles erode , the antimatter will leak into the atmosphere and everything within 200 square kilometres will be destroyed . Mr Selvan , I 'm afraid we misled you about our motivation . You can hardly blame us , Mr Selvan . If you knew we were wiping out the city where your family lives , you wouldn 't have cooperated . You murdering liars ! ( Pulsing ) No one ever strikes me . Nobody . You do know you have to die ? Kill him , Varek . You heard me . Dispose of him . Now . No . No ? You dare say " no " to me ? I will not kill him . I will not allow you to destroy this city . You won 't allow us ! What was that ? Something I thought I 'd never have to use . Now , if you would be so kind as to use that on this . ( PA ) ' Alert . Alert . - ' This is a code five emergency . ' - That 's it . The chain reaction begins in five minutes . So , until we meet again on Sutter 's World , 36 hours from now , to claim credit for this , to the Legion of Death . ( PA ) ' Terminal reaction will occur in five minutes . ' 'All maintenance androids report to vacuum chamber immediately . ' 'Erosion has begun in the antimatter containment vessels . ' Alert . ( Huer ) They destroyed the guard androids . - ' This is Huer . I 've just arrived at the plant . ' - ( Wilma ) ' We 're 30 seconds away . ' Unfortunately , the assassins have already got here . - Maybe they 're still inside . - Not any more . Dr Huer , the assassins are trying to escape . 'We 're going after them . Deering out . ' Come with me . 'Three minutes , 30 seconds ... ' How bad is the damage ? Magnetic bottles eroding . Got to get them back to full strength before a chain reaction . - Good Lord . - No , he tried to stop them . Good Lord , they 've destroyed the controls . The only way I can repair the damage is to go inside the vacuum chamber . - ' Three minutes to terminal reaction . ' - You can 't be serious ? There 's stray atoms of antimatter in there . One step inside and you could be annihilated . Sir , we have no other choice . What about the maintenance androids ? Kellogg destroyed them . Someone has to go in there . I 'll go . I don 't want to mislead you . I know what you can do but even you may not be able to survive . - Just tell me what to do . - ' Two minutes , 30 seconds 'to terminal reaction . What 's shakin ' , porky ? You . You still alive ? I sure am . ( Equipment humming ) 'One minute , 45 seconds to terminal reaction . ' 'One minute , 30 seconds to terminal reaction . ' ( Pulsing ) Oops . - Buck , what 's wrong ? - Quince has frozen my controls . Help me , Wilma . Distract him . Break his concentration . ( Pulsing ) - Wilma , are you all right ? - Fine , thanks , Buck . Thank you . Dynamite , Lieutenant Murphy . Lieutenant , tow what 's left of our friends back to Earth . - Buck , let 's head down to the plant . - I 'm with you . '60 seconds to terminal reaction . ' - I feel so helpless . - He 'll do fine if he just remembers the correct sequence . '45 seconds to terminal reaction . ' Dr Huer , what 's happening ? That man is trying to repair the damage the assassins did . '30 seconds to terminal reaction . ' Varek . He 's restoring the magnetic bottles they almost destroyed . He 's taking an awfully big chance , though . '15 , '14,13 , '12,11 , '10 , 'Nine , eight , 'seven , six , 'five , four , 'three ... ' ( Humming tone drops ) - ' Erosion terminated . ' - ( Huer ) He 's done it . 'Code five emergency is no longer in effect . ' The bottles are back to full strength . Varek , you did it . - What 's happened to him ? - Some antimatter must have escaped . He was annihilated instantly . I wonder if he even knew he saved us . Varek , we thought you 'd been killed . When the first atom of antimatter struck me , I dropped down through the floor . As you can see , I 'm not entirely undamaged . Let 's get you to the Directorate clinic . Varek , you OK ? - Yes , I 'm fine . - No , you 're not . Let us help you . Thank you . Thank you . Buck , what was it you said this liquid is again ? Wine . Burgundy , to be exact . I filched some fruit that looked like grapes from the hydroponics lab , squeezed them into juice , had Theo hit it with a little delta radiation to speed up fermentation and ... well , here we go . That 's not bad . So , Theo , any luck tracing down Sherese ? None , I 'm afraid , Buck . She 's probably halfway to Arcturus by now . What will Varek do now , without Kellogg ? He 's asked me to take him back to his own planet , or what 's left of it . I can understand that . It 's the only home he 's known . - You 'll take him back ? - It 's the least I can do for a fellow survivor . ( Beeping ) Oh , Joella , Twiki . Come on in . - What do you think of him ? - He is everything you said he 'd be . - Bidi bi . Bidibidi . - ( Laughing ) What 's so funny ? - He is . Didn 't you hear ? - Bidibidibidi . - ( Twiki Laughing ) - Tinky-Winky , really now !
