 'The year is 1987 'and NASA launches the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck " Rogers , 'are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems 'and returns Buck Rogers to Earth 500 years later . ' I should have had him . I 'm switching to manual . Negative . Enemy approaching port side . Well , hello there . - One out of 14 . Ridiculous ! - You 've got one on your tail . Roger . Buck , either evade or fire ! Captain Rogers has just sustained a direct hit . Squadron destroyed after two minutes and 17 seconds of battle . The control system is useless against these Hatchet fighters . You noticed , huh ? The best pilots were no more successful than anyone else against them . 'Drill terminated . Return to base , everyone . ' Buck , thanks again for helping us out . The computers work fine when you use them to draw a bead on your target . Instruct pilots to go manual for firing . - They can 't . - ' They did it against the Draconians . ' - You even hit a couple . - ' Before the Draconians had these fighters . ' They 're so manoeuvrable and so fast . Your trigger finger 's got to be quicker . Hitting the targets is a matter of milliseconds . To rely on human judgment over a computer would be madness . Wilma , it 's a matter of training the reflexes . 'I don 't know . I 'll think about it . ' All right . Have you got any plans for tonight ? - As a matter of fact , no . - That 's too bad . I do . 'Oh , Falina . I just got your gift . 'It 's wonderful . And I know how rare flowering plants are . 'And even rarer still are people like you who are thoughtful and kind . 'Thank you , Falina . 'I only wish all the children I used to take care of 'had grown up to be like you . ' Happy birthday , Rita . - ' Hello , Falina . ' - Mr Armat ? 'Maybe it 's just as well that you were out . 'I want you to listen to me and do exactly as I say . 'There 's no time for discussion . 'I want you to leave here now . Go to the shuttle station . 'An itinerary , already paid for , will be waiting for you . 'Go where it takes you . You 'll be well cared for . 'All I can tell you now is that you 're in great danger . 'All because of me . 'You 've been one of my best employees , Falina . 'I 'm sorry . ' ( Screams ) Dr Huer , I was told you wanted to see me . You were told correctly . Come in . This gentleman has just made the Defense Directorate an interesting proposition . Major Landers , Amos Armat . Alleged businessman . Moon-based construction , isn 't it ? Of course , your real expertise lies in extortion , smuggling weaponry to warring colonies and slave trafficking . That 's very true . Mr Armat 's activities have perplexed the authorities for years , but as yet we 've been unable to prove anything . And rest assured you never will . Unless I turn myself and all my records over to you . Which I 'm prepared to do . Why ? An employee in my company , Fauna Redding , has been kidnapped . She 's totally innocent of wrongdoing . She 's a digital programmer . A good one , I 'm told . Except last week , by mistake , she saw a read-out containing a numerical code , which if obtained and deciphered by one of my competitors , would ruin three-fourths of my operations . Fauna had no idea of what she 'd seen . She reported the error , which is standard procedure , and kept right on working . But one of your competitors kidnapped her so he could get the information from her . I tried to warn her but it was too late . - Which competitor ? Do you know ? - Velosi . He 'd had her taken to Sinaloa . My people can 't touch her there , but you people can . And you 'll turn yourself in if we get her back ? Yes . I 'm afraid the answer is no , Mr Armat . Velosi will use whatever information he gets to cripple your operation . That event is rather appealing to me . He 'll get what he wants and then kill her ! I find it hard to believe that a single murder registers on your consciousness . Tempting as the prospect may be of removing you from this planet , the answer is no because I 'll not risk my people to save one of your innocent employees . Dr Huer , don 't you think that a man of Mr Armat 's connections , someone with easy access to all sorts of information about illegal weaponry , would probably have a good deal to tell us about Hatchet fighters ? The Draconians are using them to ambush Earth 's squadrons . If we were to get Falina back , Mr Armat , not only would you turn yourself in , but you 'd find out why the Hatchet fighter is impervious to our computer control systems , wouldn 't you ? It 's a deal . Come on , come on , come on ! Well , maybe next year . Buck , it 's Wilma . Stay to the right behind the fences . Do not walk . Do not talk . Do not pass go . And keep your hands off my caddy . Hiya , Wilma . Not bad , huh ? - Depends . What are you doing ? - Putting . It became a tradition in my day for astronauts to carry a golf club on board . It 's a big deal to be able to say you holed out on the moon . Golf was a very special 20th-century sport . It required coordination , patience , total concentration . Looks ridiculous . Just for that , the answer 's no . - Did you hear me ask you a question ? - No , but you were going to . The Defense Directorate requires a person of my peculiar background , as Dr Huer would say , right ? - Wrong . I 'm not interested . - Just trying to do you a favour . You do like to play Ten and Eleven , don 't you ? - Ten and Eleven ? - I believe you called it blackjack . - Blackjack ? - Yeah . Dr Huer and Major Landers need someone who 's very good at blackjack to go with her to Sinaloa . - To go with her ? - You remember Major Landers . - Major Marla Landers . - Oh , that Major Landers ! Yeah . She 's much more familiar with Sinaloa than I am , so you 'll be going with her instead of me . That is on the off chance that you 're interested . I don 't know . I 'll have to think about it . When do we leave ? The Delta solar system consists of twelve different orbiting man-made cities . Sinaloa is composed almost exclusively of hotels , casinos , showrooms . All revolves around entertainment . - Sort of a Las Vegas in space . - From what you tell me , yeah . Someone 's paying me to play blackjack ? It 's an involuntary reflex . Bidibidibidibidi . - Hold up , Buck . - Maybe these are the items we asked for . - Hiya , Twiki . - What 's shaking , Buck ? These will help us get out of the city after we find Falina . That is correct , Major Landers . When attached to a solid surface , they are practically invisible . One of my better creative efforts , I must say . Detonating device ? Effective from a distance or less . This must be for Velosi 's goon and this for the exit portal . Very good , Buck . Indeed it is . But it will deactivate the force field for only ten seconds . - Do try to remember that . - I will , Doctor . - You 've been a big help to us , Dr Theopolis . - Naturally . But it 's up to you two , who have the real job to do . Tell him that . The idea of travelling to what some people call an orbiting city of moral depravity obviously agrees with you , Buck . It 's a thankless job , Doctor , but somebody 's got to do it . - Bidibidibidi . What a guy . - Come on , Marla . ( ♫ Soft dance music ) - Hello , Mr Velosi . - Five complaints in four days . I 'm getting a little bored , I guess . Imagine people complaining about a beautiful thing like you . Have you forgotten that there 's only one way out of this city ? - Mr Velosi , I ... - My way . No more complaints , Tangie . She 's here . Generator sector 3 . I tell you , I am to blackjack what a mongoose is to a cobra . That means you and Dr Huer were right in recruiting me . - I 'm just a firm believer in backup plans . - I 'll get the job done . Take a look at these . - Velosi ? - Owns and runs Sinaloa . The city is self-contained and he has the first and last word on everything . If he says you don 't leave , you don 't . What about Mr Congeniality here ? That 's Karl Morphus . Velosi calls him in when he wants to extract things from people 's minds . - Extract ? - He pulls memories out of a subconscious , using drugs or whatever else is necessary . - He 's headed for Sinaloa as well ? - That 's the rumour . Now , that 's Fauna . If we can 't locate her before Karl Morphus gets there , we might as well go home . I take it he works fast , then . Why am I here ? Who are you ? What am I doing here ? ! ( Screams ) Answer me ! ( Sobs ) 'You are now subject to the laws of Sinaloa . 'If you have any questions , please go to the vidfon at the end of the concourse 'and a paralegal will be happy to answer your questions . 'Please have your ID cards ready at the entry portal . 'ID cards are required for entry and exit to Sinaloa . ' This is where everybody entering and leaving is screened . Our gifts would work better on the other side of those portals . - You got them ready ? - Of course . That ID card that Dr Huer gave you , it 'll not only get you into the city , it will get you food and money and everything else you need . - Everything else ? - Within reason , Buck . - You go first . - OK . 'You are now subject to the laws of Sinaloa . 'If you have any questions , please go to the vidfon at the end of the concourse 'and a paralegal will be happy to answer your questions . ' ( Alarm ) ( Alarm stops ) 'Please have your ID cards ready at the entry portal . 'ID cards are required for entry and exit to Sinaloa . Thank you . 'You are now subject to the laws of Sinaloa . 'If you have any questions , please go to the vidfon at the end of the concourse 'and a paralegal will be happy to answer your questions . ' ( Alarm ) Halt ! Halt ! - Search the violator . - I haven 't done anything ! What are you doing ? - A computer . - I didn 't know ... Computers are not allowed in Sinaloa . Incinerate it ! Don 't you see that ? I didn 't do anything ! No , please ! - What was that all about ? - All the games inside are computerised . Carrying a calculator in here is illegal . - What 's going to happen to that guy ? - Depends what mood Velosi 's in . - How are you doing ? - Fine . That was number three . Getting out of here is going to be a blast . I 'll see you in the casino . Remember , we don 't know each other . Oh , yeah . Yeah , sure . ( ♫ Sexy , romantic music ) That 's someone from Klosef III . ' Not Your type . - Oh , yeah ? We 'll see about that . I really don 't think you 'll like him . Him ? Mr Morphus will arrive within the next several hours . Then your wait will be over . You 're going to make me remember what I saw in Mr Armat 's computer and then you 're going to kill me ? You entered in a maintenance vehicle . Your exit will be even less ceremonious . No one will ever be able to prove you were here . I never meant to do anything wrong ! It isn 't fair ! I know . ( ♫ Dance music ) You poor thing . You look absolutely lost . I 'm new in town . Are you with the welcome wagon ? I 'm not sure . My name is Tangie . Tangie ? That 's a nice name . What it is is memorable . - How about you ? - Buck . I 'm looking to play some blackjack . - I mean Ten and Eleven . - Oh , it 's so hard . No one ever wins at that awful game . Are you sure that 's how you want to spend your money ? Yeah , I 'm sure . How about some company ? Or are you with someone ? No . In fact , I 'm here all by myself . Marvellous . Hit me . 'That does not compute , sir . ' Yeah , right . Another draw , please . 'A seven . Eleven and seven is 18 . 'The house pays 18 . ' ( Laughing ) I 've never seen anyone win like this . That 's because they let computers do all the work . People 's minds have gotten flabby . I bet some suckers can 't even count to 21 . That 's the ninth hand in a row that man has won . He 's only lost four since he sat down . That 's one that can 't count . If it goes higher than ten she takes her shoes off . It 's obvious he 's cheating ! I demand you do something about it . 'All symbols are randomly and impartially selected in cycles of 52 . 'There is no way to tamper with the selection process . ' He 's counting what 's been played before and figuring the odds on a computer . 'No computers or calculators can be brought into Sinaloa . 'All persons and their luggage are carefully screened . ' Lady , I 'm beating the house , not you . What do you care how much I win ? It doesn 't exactly make her look like Alberta Einstein . Something is going on here and I intend to find out what . Party pooper . You have the funniest way of talking . You 're not from Klosef Ill , are you ? I have reason to believe that one of the men over there is cheating . - To whom should I report it ? - Me . My name is Morgan Velosi . I 'd hate to see anybody ruin your stay here in my city . Oh , well , actually , he 's doing you more harm than he is me . See that man over there at that table being mauled by that creature ? ( Squeals of happiness ) That 's the tenth hand in a row he 's won . He must be cheating . - You ought to keep an eye on him . - May I see your identification ? Watch him . You 're being very wise , Mr Velosi . - Would you like a drink , Marla ? - Oh ... No , thank you . I mean , after all , you did a favour for me . That 's quite all right . And if you don 't join me for a drink , I 'll then be forced to instruct the portal computer not to allow Marla Landers out of this city . Whatever you 're having . I remember once , at the end of my stint at Edwards , Toby Kaplan and I hopped in a car one Wednesday and just drove until we got to Las Vegas . Partied and gambled and got crazy all night , drove back Thursday , in time for our 10 : 00 class . I take that back . We were two minutes late . - ' Player number four . Card ? ' - No draw . 'Dealer is 14 and takes a card . ' I think that was just before I left for Houston . Yeah , it was . Last time I saw Toby he was determined to head up the Space and Aeronautics Board . He could have , too . I wonder if he ever did . 'Dealer is 19 and stands firm . 'House pays 20 . ' - Buck ? - ' Players two and four win . ' You won again . Yeah , I won . You really are something . I 've never met anyone quite like you before . Well , that 's for sure . I 've been waiting a long time for someone like you to come along . That 's just because it took me 500 years to get here . I still don 't understand how you 've won so much . It 's easy . You just remember everything that 's been played ... I envy you . Not because you 're wealthy and intelligent . Just because you 're free . You 're free to go anywhere you want , any time you please . You 're not ? I am an employee of Sinaloa . I work for Mr Velosi . He won 't let me leave . He says I 'm too valuable a commodity . - He 's a real credit to the human race , huh ? - He 's a monster . But if someone were to offer him enough money , say as much as you 've won here , I bet he 'd let me go . Think he would , huh ? And I would be so grateful , Buck . You have no idea how grateful I 'd be . I hate to break this up , but I 've got to see a man about a horse . Cashing in . 'Player four , 9,732 credits . ' At least I come out of this with some bread . - You 're leaving ? - Yes , but I shall return . Well , you 'd better . I might just have to look you up in the daily census , Buck . Promises , promises . - So long , metal mouth . - ' I beg your pardon . ' It 's good playing against a computer . They can 't deal off the bottom of the deck and you don 't have to tip them . See you later . I 've really enjoyed this , but my friends are going to begin to wonder where in the world I am . You can leave a message for your friends afterwards . Afterwards ? Are we going somewhere ? My room . - Oh , but ... - Your idea was very convincing , but there 's more to you than meets the eye . Isn 't there ? And I intend to find out . There are one or two ways we can handle this ... and I always go for number two . ( Sighs ) You should have gone for number one . Aaargh ! What are you doing to me ? You 're cutting off my circulation . I suppose you had my best interests at heart when you came at me with this ? I was told to find out why you were winning so much . I was cheating . I was using my brain . That 's something customers around here have ceased to do . And I was trying to attract the attention of a thug like you - which I did . - All this was planned ? - Yep . As one of Velosi 's thugs , you know things , like where Falina Redding is . Who 's Fauna Redding ? - I was afraid you 'd say that . - Open up . - What 's that ? It 's a pill . Make you feel good - relaxed , happy , cooperative . So that lying to me would be impossible . Come on . There 's a variety of things I can do to get this into your system . I even had some orange flavouring put in it . You 'll love it . Come on . Open up . Come on . Be a good boy . That 's a good boy . Swallow down , swallow down . - Orange ? - I lied . If you are dissatisfied with my credentials , I suggest you simply call for a read-out on your computer . I fully intend to . - When we 're through . - Mr Velosi ... I resent the way you 've assumed that I agree to all of this . Are you going to leave that message for your friend now or later ? I am accustomed to having some say in these sort of matters . Running a city both requires and enables one to make split-second decisions . Not only for myself but for everyone else . - How do you feel ? - Oh , great , great , yes . Better and better . But I still don 't want to talk . - To either of you . - Sure you do . - Where are they holding Falina Redding ? - Falina , Fauna . The woman who was kidnapped from New Chicago . Where is she ? Generator sector 3 . How do I get there ? Elevator F. Bottom level . Through the door at the end . Oh , you can 't get through the door ! You don 't have a key ! I 'm sorry ! - What about yours ? - I don 't have one . - Who does ? - Oh , let me see . 07 , the sanitation module , and Thompson and Levine . And Velosi . His key opens everything in this city . Damn . Well , it is his city , you know . ( Giggling ) ( Beeping ) 'Excuse me , Mr Velosi . The man you 've been expecting is here . ' You have business to do . I certainly wouldn 't keep you . I always finish what I begin . Your room in five minutes , Marla Landers . - Get Thompson up here . He 's in the casino . - ' Yes , Mr Velosi . ' You 've come around to brunettes , I see . Mr Thompson will direct you to the person you 're going to work with . She saw a very critical read-out on Armat 's computer last week in New Chicago . Thompson will record everything she says . May I remind you , the chemicals I use tend to traumatise brain tissue . Her mind will never be the same . Once you put her under , she 's not waking up again . Fine . 'Mr Thompson is here . ' Enjoyed seeing you again , Mr Velosi . Sorry to have interrupted you . Marla , open up . It 's me , Buck . - Where have you been ? - Never mind . Karl Morphus just arrived . - That 's as good as my news . - What about the man who followed you ? - 1 know where they 're keeping Fauna . Good . And that it 's impossible to get there without one of four existing keys . Sanitation module 07 doesn 't make its rounds till after midnight , and if Morphus is here now , we might as well pack . - Who else has a key ? - Velosi 's goons . - And Velosi ? - Naturally . I can 't believe we 've come this far to have everything go down the tubes . Everything 's not going down the tubes ? In two minutes we may very well have ourselves that key . - Turn around . - What ? - Marla ? - You 'll have to wait just a minute . I don 't like to wait . And with this , I rarely have to . I thought you 'd feel that way . Sorry to spoil your plans this evening . Yes , I am disappointed . Half of me said , " Trust Marla Landers . " After all , she 's a beautiful woman . " The other half said , " Don 't trust Marla Landers . Keep your eye on her . " A most pleasant task , I might add . Until now . Kill her . - Please don 't move . - Come on . Get over there with your boss . Move . I 'll just take that key you 're so proud of . You 'll die before you leave this city . You think so ? Get over there . Come on . Move . If I were you , I 'd worry more about how you 're gonna get out of here . Let 's go . Go and prepare for take-off . I 'll get Falina . - You got the detonator ? - I 'm all set . See you at the ship . Why , Buck Rogers , what are you and that lady up to ? - Later , Tangie . - Looks dishonest to me . - I don 't have time . - If you don 't help me out of this city , Security 's gonna get a call from me . - Next time I 'm in town . - You won 't get away with it ! Maybe you 'll feel better after a nap . Now , wait a minute . Er , look ... I 'm not gonna be needing this , so here . Use this to get out of the city and take this with you . You 're gonna go with us . Oh , Marla , Tangie . Tangie , Marla . Nice to meet you . Soon it will all be over , my dear . I imagine the worst thing for a person in your position is the wait . You imagine ? Imagine what it 's like being me right now . - I dare you . - My work calls for strict objectivity . Were I to empathise with you , I couldn 't get the job done , could I ? Just hurry and get on with it . I 'm ready . I suggest you start recording . Now , I want you to close your eyes . Very soon you shall find yourself afloat in a sea of colour and sounds , and then blackness , and then everything ... everything shall come to an end . ( Alarm beeping ) Name is Buck Rogers . Let 's get out of here . 'Please have your ID cards ready at the entry portal . 'ID cards are required for entry and exit to Sinaloa . ' I don 't have an ID card . I can 't get out . I think that 's the least of our problems . I 'm afraid our friend sent a message to the exit portal computer concerning you . Yep . We 've been made . Let 's go . Cut them off ! ( Explosion and screaming ) Where did they go ? I can 't see them with all this smoke ! Where 'd they go ? Seal all exits to launching bay ! Cut them off ! ( Alarm blares ) They 're heading for the launching bay ! No ! Get back ! - Let 's go . We 've got ten seconds . - Halt ! Run , Fauna , run ! Go on ! They 're heading for the launching bay ! Run , Falina ! - Any problem getting through the portal ? - Nothing Fauna couldn 't handle . - How are you doing , Tangie ? - I am just fine , Buck . I can 't describe how grateful I am , so I 'm not even going to try . Just sit back and enjoy the ride . Both of you . Looks like the fat 's not out of the fire yet . - Which means , in English ? - We 've got company . You take navigational control , I 'll take care of combat . You got a fix on them ? They 're Hatchet fighters . Armat and Velosi have been supplying them to the Draconians . Buck , com control is useless against Hatchet fighters . I 've been through all this . Switch to manual for firing . Switch me to navigation . You take the gun . There 's no time ! Looks like our only of fence is defence , so hang on . - How are we doing ? - Two down and two to go . - Where did you learn to fly ? - Who says I ever did ? I can really pick them . - We 've got one left . - You 'll have to open fire and do it fast . - I can 't . - There 's no time to switch me over . I told you so . She 's safe , Dr Huer . You 've kept your part of the bargain , I 'm keeping mine . Here 's the key to my computer vault . Here 's the inventory of everything stored therein . I 'll await the authorities at my office . Wait a minute , Mr Armat . The things these people have said about you - they 're all true ? Yes . But if all your life you 've had people killed , tortured and enslaved , why did you bother with me ? - I hardly even know you . - But I know you . At least , I did 20 years ago when your mother and I decided it was best I leave for your sake . Due to the nature of my business , you see , having a child , a vulnerable spot , was out of the question . But I always made sure that you were well cared for . And when you were old enough to work , I couldn 't resist seeing that a job was offered to you in my company . An indulgence which almost proved disastrous . - I don 't believe you . - Good . It 's best that you don 't , so that none of this will ever be repeated outside these walls . I believe you have something else for us , don 't you ? Ah , yes , complete technical schematics for the Hatchet fighters . It believe it will explain why your computer control system has been ineffective against them . Who needs schematics ? The key to doing battle with them is good old-fashioned intuition . Since you have gone to all the trouble . Practice makes perfect , Marla . Lots of practice . - Hi , Buck . How did it go ? - Very rough . - Being 9,000 credits richer is rough ? - Where 'd you hear that ? From Tangie . I talked to her before she was escorted to your apartment . Don 't get the idea I enjoy doing these little favours for you . - Of course not ! - I could have been killed just like that . - How much did you win again ? - 9,732 credits . Ten and Eleven isn 't as difficult as you think it is .
