 'The year is 1987 'and NASA launches the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck " Rogers , 'are blown into an orbit which freezes his life support systems 'and returns Buck Rogers to Earth 500 years later . ' You 'll see the science council in 20 minutes , Mr President , something about redesigning aqueducts . I know . If it isn 't the aqueducts , it 's the sewage system . If it isn 't that , it 's the transport tubes . How did you people develop plumbing before you thawed me out ? I wouldn 't know , Mr President , that was a little before my time . Another thing , don 't call me Mr President . Makes me feel like I 'm 500 years old . But you are 500 years old . 493 . But who 's counting ? My mistake , Mr President . Sorry , Hieronymus . That isn 't much better , is it ? Go back to Mr President . OK . ( Gasps ) - Something wrong ? - We 've overshot our floor . I can 't bring it to a stop . Uh-oh . Monolithium oxide . We 'll be unconscious within minutes but no serious after-effects . ( Coughing ) I 'm sorry , Hieronymus . It 's all my fault . Don 't blame yourself . Just do me a favour , will you ? When you keel over , try not to fall on me . 'This is Koren . Operation went as planned . ' Excellent . The President is unharmed ? 'Sleeping peacefully . ' See to it he stays that way . He 's too valuable to be damaged . I 'll contact the Genesian government and present our demands . Zale out . But you must help me . The President 's life depends on it . - You 're the boy 's bodyguard ? - Yes . Although apparently not enough of one . I failed him once , I won 't fail him again . Lieutenant , Genesia has shunned diplomatic relations with Earth , we have no treaty with you . We cannot interfere in the affairs of a sovereign planet . My government doesn 't even know that I 'm here . When you refused them aid , I thought a personal request might be more effective . A child 's life is at stake here . He may be a genius but he is still a boy . Lieutenant , if we could help you , we would . Our hands are tied . I see . Thank you for seeing me . I 'll just have to fend for myself . Good day . - Hello . What is your name ? - Lieutenant Cyrton . Dia Cyrton . Pleased to meet you . Buck Rogers is mine . The Buck Rogers who broke that woman out of detention on Zeta Minor ? Well , I had a little help . I 've heard a great deal about you , Captain Rogers . It 's a pleasure to meet you . Maybe we 'll see each other again ? Maybe . - Who was she ? - No one you should be concerned about . - I don 't know about that . - I thought you were on vacation . I was on my way but I thought I 'd drop off a gift for Dr Huer . Twiki ? Bidibidibidi . Hold your horses . - It 's a tree . - Not quite , Colonel . It 's a Ficus decora , commonly known as a rubber plant . Isn 't it beautiful ? I had to go to three hydroponics labs to find one . ( Twiki ) Bidibidibidi . - Somebody wanna take this thing ? - Sorry , Twiki . There we are . I 'm extremely touched , Buck , but I don 't think I 'd know how to take care of such a thing . Water it twice a week and feed it once a month . It 'll grow on you . That 's just what I 'm afraid of . - I gotta get back to packing . - Thank you , very thoughtful . My pleasure , Doc . See you both in a couple of weeks . Enjoy yourself . Bidibidi . Don 't do anything I wouldn 't do . Uh , Colonel , are you interested in a little added decoration ? Not on your life . No . No , I ... I didn 't think so . I wish we didn 't have to lie to the Lieutenant . She cares for that boy . We can 't let anyone know that we 're about to become unofficially involved . We can 't refuse a call for help but we cannot violate Federation law . At least , not openly . Are you certain that Roderick Zale is responsible ? Positive . We 've also correlated all of Zale 's known hideouts . There is a 93 per cent probability that he is holding the President on Aldebaran 2 . Uh-oh . Perfect place to hide somebody . No law enforcement to speak of and no stellar authorities . Exactly . You 'll work as a technician in the general service centre in the capital city of Barony . Take this voice print of Zale 's and pinpoint his location . Remember , you have one week to locate Hieronymus Fox before his abductors kill him . Piece of cake . Piece of cake . I wish someone would tell me what that means . Hey ! Easy on the threads ! Where did they pick you up anyway ? By all means , Koren , treat our guest with some respect . After all , he 's about to make us all rich men . Greetings , Mr President . My name is ... Your name is Roderick Zale , your speciality is political abduction , and your modus operandi sticks out like a sore thumb . Half the galaxy probably knows you snatched me . You 're as perceptive as I was told . How much are you asking for me ? A reasonable price . 6,000 kilograms of pure quadrillium . ( Scoffs and laughs ) Ain 't no way the Genesians are gonna cough up that much . I don 't even think we 've got that much quadrillium . Then they 'd better find it somewhere . Or within a week , their technological miracle worker will die . Come on , Zale , I 'm worth more to you alive than dead any day of the week . Even if the Genesians don 't pay up , you can sell my brains to the highest bidder . So don 't give me any of that Dr Doom jive . You 'd better take good care of me if you know what 's good for you . Starting right now . Now then , first of all , there 's food . I have what you might call a voracious appetite . General service provides food discs and soy supplements . Food discs ? Are you kidding ? I mean real food . Like French fries , milkshakes , cheeseburgers . - Cheeseburgers ? - An old 20th-century delicacy . Meat patties made from an extinct animal called a cow . In a pinch , you can use a mountain lizard . Mountain lizard ? Get him whatever he wants . Just don 't bother me with it . For breakfast , I usually like scrambled eggs with peppers and onions . An onion is a bulbous plant that you grow in the dirt . Wait till you hear what 's in the milkshake . ( ♫ Futuristic music ) All right , enough already . - ( Music stops ) - I feel like I 'm in a department store . - How about some of my music ? - ( Electronic scrambling ) ( ♫ Three Dog Night : Shambala ) That 's better . Much better . God bless Dr Junius and the archives . - ( Beep ) - Come in . Well , hi . Lieutenant Cyrton , isn 't it ? That 's right . What exactly is that ? - Three Dog Night . - What ? Never mind . Sorry , my flight leaves in 20 minutes . I 'm meeting someone on Regulus 5 I wish I had more time to talk to you . I don 't have time for an extended conversation either . Maybe we can get together when I get back . ( Groans ) - Why did you do that ? - Like I said , I don 't have time to convince you to come with me . I like it better this way . Where are we going ? - To rescue the President . - Oh , right ! Rescue the President . What president ? Hieronymus Fox , president of Genesia . Ask a silly question . This had better be a joke , and it had better have a great punch line . No joke . I 'm sorry I had to do it this way . You 're the best man for the job and I 'm gonna need the best if I 'm to recover Hieronymus . There 's something you don 't understand . I 'm meeting a lady named Tangie and I 'm gonna be missed . Wherever we land , I 'm just gonna hightail it out of there no matter how many hypos you pull , so save yourself some trouble and take me back to Earth . Captain , Hieronymus Fox is not a native Genesian . He 's from Old Earth , 20th century . Your time . - You 're kidding . - He was a child genius . He graduated from college aged nine , got his PhD in physics at the age of 10 . When the Holocaust began , he created a device to preserve people in a cold sleep but it was only an experimental model . The war escalated and he wouldn 't risk anyone 's life but his own . If all this is true , why didn 't Dr Huer tell me about it ? Dr Huer doesn 't know . While your civilisation was in ruins , Earth was looted by aliens . Hieronymus has been handed down from one planet to another . So the Genesians decided he was worth his weight in gold and kept him . Do you wonder why we hesitated to open diplomatic relations with Earth ? If you 'd known what we 'd done ... Why should I help you ? So you can make him a prisoner again ? He wasn 't a prisoner . Hieronymus helped us because he wanted to . In gratitude , we made him our president . Now he 's been kidnapped . Will you help us recover him ? If he is from the 20th century , you couldn 't keep me away . All right . Do you know where he 's being held ? My informants say he 's on Aldebaran 2 , outside the capital , Barony . Aldebaran 2 . Terrific . Another visit to the Barbary Coast of space . The last time I was there I was almost killed . Me too . Great place , isn 't it ? This trip is gonna be a whole lot of fun . So here 's the central core of our operation . The nerve centre , you would call it . We dispatch food , supplies , fuel and power to all the surrounding territories . I 'm not going too fast for you , am I , Deering ? I know you organic life forms need time to assimilate information . I wouldn 't want to strain your synapses . I was just noticing your screens . Are they monitoring all requests for supplies from private residences ? Very good , Deering . They didn 't give you that degree in electronics for nothing . Now if you 're through belabouring the obvious , I want to show you where you 'll be stationed . Please . Nowlan , Calkins ! Break time is over . Don 't you humans ever get done eating ? Organic scum . Gotta watch them every minute . OK , Deering , here 's your station . We 'll start you right at the top , with the garbage . You 'll monitor the rate at which sewage flows under the city . - Wonderful . - I knew you 'd like it . And Deering ? I like to keep an eye on my workers . It makes me feel more secure . So if you slip up , I 'll know about it . ( Laughs ) - Excuse me . Mr Koren ? - Yes . You certainly fit your description . MD Toman . I 'm here to see Mr Zale . He mentioned it . What is it you do again , Mr ... ? Toman . You might say I 'm in pest control . - Right this way . - Thank you . - What is that ? - Transport tube . - Sends out supplies from Barony . - Oh . - Where have you come from anyway ? - Lansing 12 . Never heard of it . Must be a lesser quadrant . Not really . The entertainment discs you wanted . Koren , you 've got the manners of a sand squid . I try . Keep an eye on him and don 't let him out of your sight . - Mr Zale , someone to see you . - Of course . - You must be ... - MD Toman . - Pleased to meet you . - Well , come in . Come in , sit down . You 're just in time . The space port called . The President 's bodyguard , Dia Cyrton , is here on Aldebaran . She 's acquired the services of a Terran named Rogers . Buck Rogers . Obviously they plan to rescue our prisoner . - I can take care of them . - Don 't be ridiculous , Koren . That 's what Toman is here for . I have the exclusive services of Mr Toman for a week . - You mean he 's going to ... ? - Kill them . Mr Toman is going to kill Dia Cyrton and Buck Rogers . All my informant knew was that Zale was within 50 km of Barony . That makes sense . None of the transport tubes extend further than that . Do you have any idea how we can narrow that radius ? I was told there might be someone here who could help us . He comes from Dyson 3 and his name is ... 'Looking for me ? ' 'Over here by the trylon table . ' I swear I heard that voice in my head . 'You did . 'Over here . ' Selmar ? I was given your name by ... 'I know who gave it to you . ' My name is ... 'Dia Cyrton , lieutenant in the Genesian star fleet . 'And Buck Rogers , captain , Earth Defense Directorate . ' Yeah . Uh ... - We 're looking for ... - ' Roderick Zale . 'There 's nothing you can tell me that I didn 't know the moment you came in . 'Unfortunately , I can 't help you . 'Not that I wouldn 't like to , for the right price . ' I have money . As much as you need . 'Lieutenant , that isn 't the point . 'Unless Zale or one of his people comes into my psionic range , 'we should say 50 or 60 metres , 'I can 't tell you anything . 'Even telepaths have their limitations . ' I see . - If you hear anything ... - ' You 'll be at the Hotel Barony . ' Yeah , right . Guy must be a blast at cocktail parties . 'I heard that . ' Well ... It 's about time . I 've been waiting for you . Boy , these people have a lot to learn about making cheeseburgers . - Hey ! Curly Joe . - Why do you call me that ? No reason . These earphones you got me are defective . - What do you mean , defective ? - See for yourself . ( High-pitched whine ) Pleasant dreams , Curly . 34th and Lexington , and step on it . Cyrton and Rogers were seen at the casino . Toman should be there shortly . - If Toman doesn 't kill them ? - He will . Even if they escape , they 'll walk right into our hands . ( Lounge music and chatter ) Oh ! Sorry . Let me give you a hand with that . Just who do you think you are ? It was an accident . You 're going to be an accident in a minute . You know , it really hurts me that you won 't accept my apology . If you 're gonna be contrite about it , apology accepted . - He sure put you back in line . - Barely escaped with my life . I think we could find Zale 's hideout through aerial reconnaissance . But how ? If Zale has a squadron of starfighters at his disposal , he must have a private hangar as well . We could use your ship 's heat sensors to detect energy sources ... Yeah ? - Are you Captain Rogers ? - That 's right . Good . Sorry . Can 't let you do that . I 'm terribly sorry but I 'm afraid I 'm going to have to kill you . You 're sorry ? He must be from Lansing 12 - heavy gravity planet . - Knock him out ! - I 'm trying ! Why , you little jerk . 'Hold it . 'You can stop running now . You 're safe . ' - Where did you come from ? - ' I have that information 'concerning Roderick Zale and President Hieronymus Fox of Genesia . ' Five minutes ago you didn 't know a thing . 'True . But three minutes ago , 'Mr MD Toman , that formidable little man , 'walked into the casino , and I took a good , long look into his mind . 'He works for Roderick Zale . 'I can tell you your president 's exact location 'for , say , '3,000 credits . ' Here . Now where is he ? 'In a private home , located 36 km south-southwest of Barony . 'Here , let me implant the exact coordinates in your minds . ( Static whirring ) - ' There . ' - ( Groans ) Thanks . What 's the security like ? 'Close to impenetrable . ' Terrific . At least we know where your president is . 'I 'd like to remind the committee that I appear today as a courtesy , 'not an obligation . ' 'This is residence 473 , sector I. 'We would like to order 40 cubits of soy supplement ... ' 'This is residence 742 , sector J. What 's the idea taking four days ... ? ' 'This is residence 439 , sector C. This is the third time I 've called . ' 'This is residence 747 , sector D. 'I 'm sorry to bother you ... ' Dr Huer , I 've punched in our voiceprint of Roderick Zale . The computer is comparing all voices recorded in the last week . Excellent . Then your cover is secure ? Affirmative . I 'm probably taking a chance coming in this early . It 's the only chance I 've had so far . - ' This is the third time ... ' - ' I 'd like to remind the committee . ( Sonic whirring ) - Bingo . - Bingo ? What ? One of Buck 's expressions . It means I think I 've found it . The computer has found a match for Zale 's voice ? There 's a .007 deviation between the prints . I 'll have to run a tracer to triple-check . - Deering , who are you talking to ? - I don 't know what you mean . Yes , you do and I know exactly what you 're up to . You 're using those monitors to find out when those rich people 's houses are empty , so you and whomever you work with can rob them , right ? Uh ... Uh ... You humans are all alike . Always scheming to take something from one another . That 's what I like about Aldebaran - it 's the kind of planet that destroys your faith in human nature . Where are you going ? Don 't worry , Deering . I don 't care what petty thefts you 're up to . It just confirms my opinion of the lower organisms . ( Laughs ) There must be an easier way to reach Zale . As a matter of fact , I think there is . What about the maintenance android ? Come on . Halt ! That transport is city property . Halt ! That transport is city property . Halt ! That transport is city property . - Send me a letter . - That 's city property . Halt . OK , man ... Oh , no ! It must be that way . He turned that vid player into a sonic pacifier . How he got out , I have no idea . Because he looked so harmless I underestimated his resourcefulness and genius . He could 've slipped through a window so he 's in the grounds . He 'll never make it past the photon shield . But I don 't want him injuring himself . Go down into the woods , find Hieronymus Fox , and this time do a more efficient job than you did with Rogers and Cyrton . - Yes , Mr Zale . - You too . I want that boy found . Move . If Zale knows we 're on our way , he 'll move Hieronymus . I wish that didn 't make so much sense . ( Low humming ) Oh , boy . What is that ? I 'm sure I could deactivate the force field from the other side . If there was some way to get around the poles . - Instead of around it , how about over it ? - What ? Come on . Haven 't you heard of the Flying Wallendas ? No , but I think I know what you 're talking about . - You OK ? - No problem . My elbows are my worst feature anyway . - You said this mission would be exciting . - I did , didn 't I ? Oh . ( Click , whoosh ) - ( Click , whoosh ) - There we go . - OK . - From here on , it 's all uphill . - Terrific . Dr Huer , I 've traced Zale 's call . He 's located in a private residence 36 km south-southwest of here . ( Voices and footsteps ) Uh-oh . The morning shift is back . I 'll check back in on my way to Zale 's . ( Groans ) ( Rattling ) Did anybody get the number of that spaceship ? Uh-oh . Uh ... Uh ... hi there . I bet you 're wondering what I 'm doing in your parcel bin . Actually , I 'm not a real person at all . I 'm a doll . That 's it . A pre-programmed cybernetic doll . - My name is Ken . - Uh ... Mr President , are you all right ? Before I answer that , whose side are you on ? Yours . Colonel Deering from the Earth Defense Directorate . - How did you get away from Zale ? - Nothing to it . I just did a quick impersonation of a sack of groceries . - I guess I 'm a little late . - No , you 're just in time . My bodyguard , Dia Cyrton , is here on Aldebaran . She and some Buck Rogers are on their way to Zale 's place . Buck ? If we don 't help them , they 're both gonna get wasted . - You know what wasted means ? - Yes , I 've heard the term before . OK . Here 's what we gotta do . First ... get me out of this bin , please . - What 's that ? - It 's a photon shield . - A 25th-century minefield . - Except the entire field is a mine . One step and we 'd be paralysed instantly . Unless I use this , that is . Very nice . Some sort of energy-damping device ? - It 's only temporary , I assure you . - Let 's keep moving . What have we here ? Trespassers . Hello again , Captain Rogers . We have unfinished business to settle . Hold it , they may know where the kid is . We 'll take them to Zale , then you can do whatever you like . I wonder what Moses would 've done ? The Genesian government has received another warning repeating the threat to kill the President . They 're bluffing . I just left Hieronymus . - You 've already freed him ? - More like he freed himself . Then you 're on your way back . Not exactly . Cyrton got Buck involved . They 're in Zale 's stronghold now . - ' I pray they 're still alive . ' - Good heavens . - Bidibi . What a bummer . - I see . And you 're going to their aid ? 'Where did you hide the President ? ' I didn 't exactly hide him . Hieronymus studied Zale 's defences . The only way to deactivate them is from the inside . The only one who could sneak in is ... No ! No . Colonel , I don 't want to hear this . I don 't want to tell the Genesians that their president is walking back into that peril . He knows what he 's doing . He 's sneaking in through the transport tubes . It 's his decision . Lieutenant Cyrton is his friend . We have to do something , or she and Buck would die . In that case , I understand . Just keep me apprised of your progress . And be careful . Huer out . Deering out . - What do you think ? - I believe Deering and Rogers have the situation well in hand . Bidibidibidi . He also believes in the Easter bunny . Buck , I 'm sorry . I never should have gotten you involved . Don 't worry , I make my own decisions . And it 's not over yet . - Yes , but ... - Dia , be quiet . - ( Whooshing ) - Inside . We 're not gonna tell him where the kid is . - Buck , they 'll kill us . - The woman 's right , Rogers . If you do know where the President is , you 'd better tell us . Otherwise you 'll both die . And if we do tell you , we 'll probably still die . There are many ways to die , long and short . Now , once again , where is the boy ? We don 't know . We were sent to rescue him and we can 't find him . You know , I think you really don 't know where the President is . You want us to think you do , to postpone the inevitable . That 's all . Take them to the hangar . It 's a good long walk down there . If they know anything , they may change their minds on the way . - And if they don 't ? - Then activate a starfighter and place them in front of the ion stream . That should dispose of their bodies quickly and neatly . Let 's go . Send out the next warning to Genesia . They must not think anything is wrong . What is it ? It 's lizard meat from Rigel 4 . More of the kid 's weird food . Let it rot . This is absurd . A ten-year-old child can 't elude us forever . I 'm ordering every guard we have down there . We 'll find him if we have to defoliate the entire forest . Another few hundred metres and we 'll be in the flight hangar . Would you mind getting that door , Captain ? - Mind if I ask you something ? - Not at all . - How does one become a ... - Terminator ? Yeah . That 's quite a long story . On my world , people grew stronger muscles to compensate for the gravity . To tell you the truth , on my planet I 'm considered a weakling . And on planets with lesser gravity ... I can do this . You see , I realised early in life I could either stay on my world and be a librarian or go off-planet and put my talents to use . Now if you don 't mind , the door . ( Whining ) Attaboy , Hieronymus . Thanks . Going somewhere , Mr President ? 'Alert . Security androids report to guard post . ' - What is that ? - You 're asking us ? You go check it out , we 'll wait . Until I find out what 's going on , we 'll keep moving . Your shoes are untied . 'Alert . Security androids report to guard post . Alert . ' - I told you you could knock him out . - Son of a gun . Come on , let 's go find your president . Koren to Zale . Come in , Zale . Mr Zale ! Mr Zale ! Maybe he slid back under his rock . Shut up , or so help me , I 'll kill you right here and now . I think she might have something to say about that . That one is almost as old as you are . Old but true . Mighty nice shooting , Colonel . Thank you , Mr President . Man , I haven 't tasted food like that in 500 years . Yes , it was quite unusual . What did you say ? Chilli ? Mexican chilli . Spices , vegetables , meat . Where did you find the meat ? You don 't want to know . Hieronymus , I 'm gonna be sorry to see you go back to Genesia . You 're the first person I 've met from my own time . Probably the last . He 's sure the shortest . You wanna say that again , transistor face ? Bidibidibidi . What did he say ? He was apologising , Mr President . - No , I wasn 't . - ( Theopolis ) Yes , you were . Do you want to start an interstellar incident ? Want the blood of thousands on your pincers ? You know , Buck , I get the feeling you 're starting to like the 25th century . Yeah , I guess I am . People are people , no matter what century they 're in . And we got pretty nice ones here . Once in a while I miss the way things were . Sure . I miss cheeseburgers and comic books and rock music and Saturday morning cartoons . Maybe things are kind of plastic here but they 're not dull . How many people do you know get to live in the future ? I guess you got a point . Looks like we 're both lucky . By the way , Buck , you never did take that vacation you started on . Perhaps you 'd consider taking it on Genesia ? Sounds like a good idea . What do you say ? Can I stay at the presidential estate ? Well ... I had to turn the presidential estate into a civic centre but I got a condominium you could stay at - sauna , hot tub , tennis . You Play ? Not me . My reach is kind of short , but I instituted it as the national sport , replacing gladiatorial games . You gotta watch these people every minute . Sounds like some kind of paradise . That 's what they need me for , to make things better . How about making some more chilli ? That last batch had way too many scales . Scales ?
