 'The year is 1987 'and NASA launches the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck " Rogers 'are blown out of their trajectory 'into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems 'and returns Buck Rogers to Earth 500 years later . ' ( ♫ Up-tempo electronic on jukebox ) Hi . Come here often ? I guess you do . Rafael Argus ? I don 't know you , do I ? Harper V. Three months ago you killed a man named Gleeson . Let me guess , he was your ... ? - Brother . - Right . I knew it would be something like that . Not good . ( ♫ Music stops ) ( Buck ) I think you 're about to see the light . - What took you so long ? - Long ? That guy 's a hired killer . One wrong move , I 'd look like a grilled cheese sandwich right now . - A grilled what ? - Forget it . Those customers will be coming back any second . Hurry up and take your clothes off . You know what I mean . With any luck they 'll think Argus zapped me and split before the cops arrived . - " Split " ? - Come on , Wilma . Just what have the probes found out , Doctor ? They 've confirmed our worst suspicions . Rafael Argus was about to become a member of the league of interstellar mercenaries , specialising in political assassinations . One member of this Legion Of Death - named Morgan Deneva - was killed by Directorate personnel last month . The legion has a code when it comes to such things . Deneva 's buddies have it in for you and the Director because you wasted him . If I understand you correctly , yes . ( Twiki ) Fourth floor , ladies ' clothing and lingerie . - Twiki , what 's lingerie ? - ( Chuckling ) These are skilled professionals , not hired guns . ( Klaxon ) - You guys all right ? - Anyone hurt ? Come on . - ( Theopolis ) I am undamaged , thank you . - Put those flames out ! ( Twiki ) Bidibidi . I 'm dead , I 'm dead . It 's all gone black . That 's because your visual inputs are face down on the floor . - Pull yourself together . - Let me help you up . ( Twiki ) Why is it the good die young ? Steady . You all right ? Bidibidibidi . - Anyone hurt ? - Not this time . - This has happened before ? - It 's a gruesome game with them . They want to frighten us and keep us off balance . - Buck , if only you could help . - ( Twiki ) Yeah , what about it ? I realise you helped us capture Argus and I appreciate it . - If you 'd like to end it there ... - Sure , I 'll help . Thank you . We all know that Rafael was about to be initiated into the Legion Of Death . However , because he operated under various names and appearances , none of the other assassins has any idea what he looks like . Which is fortunate for you , as you 'll be impersonating him . Their upcoming meeting on Aldebaran II marks the first time all these people have gathered in one place , so we must assume that their discussions are of staggering proportions and no doubt directly concern us . These are the people you 'll be meeting . Jolon Quince of Cygnus III , the heavy-gravity planet where humans have developed telekinesis to survive . Seton Kellogg of Rigel IV , a brilliant scientist who has engineered the deaths of a dozen planetary leaders , and Markos Marcilka of Vega XII , a martial arts expert . He 's rumoured to have partially severed nerve endings to reduce his ability to feel pain . - And lastly ... - ( Buck ) Very nice . See if you think so after you meet her . She calls herself Sherese , planet of origin unknown . She 's an empath - almost telepathic in her ability to detect people 's emotions . Their vibrations , as you would say . She 's almost pathologically suspicious so you 'll have to be on your guard against her every moment . While you 're memorising the Argus data , Colonel Deering will go on ahead to Aldebaran II . Why do we both have to go ? We must find out what the assassins are planning against the Directorate . It 's too important a job for one person . Considering the circumstances , the odds are one of you will not succeed . ( ♫ Up-tempo electronic ) Watch where you 're going ! Well , aren 't we a big one ? Sir ? You owe me an apology . The apology ? Yeah , sure . I didn 't mean nothin ' . It was my fault . - Sorry . - I rather thought you would be . - Hello , Quince . - Sherese ! I was just thinking of you , you look as lovely as ever . Save the bull for those vacuum-heads you go out with . I 'm not impressed by your mindless flattery . - Well , then , I 'll buy you a drink . - I never drink . It slows the reflexes . Yes , of course . Have you heard from the others ? Kellogg is on his way in from Tau Ceti and Argus was on Earth last I heard . All I know about Markos is that he 'll be here ... Somebody I know is in this room . - And you know what I did ? - Bored them to death ? - Go on , go on . - Joella . - Joella Cameron . - Sherese . - Excuse me a minute . - Come back or I 'll just go looking for you . One more drink and he won 't be able to find his own shoes . Still hanging out with losers ? Like that Beechim creep from Rigel ? - I don 't see him any more . - Why ? Is he in detention ? Jo . You know Rafael Argus , don 't you ? - Do I ! - He 's going to be in port tomorrow . I 've never met him but from what I understand he 'd be better company than that slime . How about I let you know when he 's coming in ? Marvellous . We 've reprogrammed the computer on Argus 's ship to respond to your voice . Remember , use those items on your belt sparingly . Black-light bombs are experimental - they only provide covering darkness for 30 seconds at most . We can 't give you much help with the local authorities . They 'll believe you are Argus . Deal with them as best you can . You know how to make a trip sound appealing . Well , good luck to you , Buck . Thanks , Doc . Cheer up , Doc . I 'm not dead yet . ( Beeps ) ( Female voice ) ' Welcome home , Argus . ' Hi . How are you ? 'All fuelled up and ready to serve you , Rafe . ' That 's nice but I 've got to be going pretty soon . 'That 's what I 'm here for . All systems engaged . 'Reaching escape velocity . Artificial gravity engaged . ' I don 't know if I 've ever said this to you before but you are the sexiest on-board computer I 've ever known . 'Why , thank you , honey . I 'd like to think so . 'Stargate coming up in 20 minutes . ' ( Humming ) 'Sorry to disturb you 'but I 'm tracking a squadron of starfighters on an intercept course with us . ' Oh , no - police cruisers . 'Message coming in . ' ( Man ) ' M2453 , you have been identified as Rafael Argus of Altair V. 'Prepare for boarding . 'Prepare for boarding . 'Your ship will be towed by tractor beam to the nearest space station . ' Go to maximum velocity - now ! 'Sorry . We can 't go any faster without rupturing the star drive . ' - Give me manual control . - ' Manual control ? - ' You never wanted manual control before . ' - I want it now ! Without evasive manoeuvres , we 're sunk . Engage manual control ! 'Direct hit to our starboard force shield . 'Another one like that and we 'll be completely defenseless . 'If I might make a suggestion - 'the pulsar cannons are operational , why not use them ? ' - I can 't fire on the police . - ' That doesn 't quite compute . 'Decelerating to sublight speed , star drive phasing out . ' - I know , tractor beams , right ? - ' I 'm afraid so . - ' Do you have to be anywhere real soon ? ' - As a matter of fact , I do . ( PA ) ' Flight 723 to Altair V is leaving from gate 20 in 15 minutes . ' - Mr Kellogg . - Quince . I don 't believe you 've met my bodyguard , Varek . Forgive him for not meeting you face-to-face but he doesn 't have one to speak of . You see , Quince ... several generations ago , the people of Varek 's planet thought they 'd won a nuclear war . That was before the unfortunate effect radiation has on genetic materials manifested itself . The deformities became worse with each generation . - He 's a mutation ? - A human mutation . - My people were human . - Yes , they were . Once . Varek , be a good man and check the terminal for police . Yes , of course . A wretched creature but not without certain advantages . - He seems to alter his molecular density . - Precisely . The effects of nuclear radiation never cease to fascinate me . Never . 'No , Buck and I have not rendezvoused . ' He hasn 't arrived yet , I checked with the spaceport . We can only assume he was intercepted en route to Aldebaran . We 'd best go to our alternate plan and make contact with Quince as soon as possible . Yes , Doctor . 'If Quince doesn 't know their plan , use surveillance equipment . ' But only if Quince doesn 't know . Kellogg probably has jamming devices on his person . Your equipment can circumvent them but you 'd need direct line of sight and that could be dangerous . - I understand . - Good luck , Colonel . Huer out . Dr Theopolis , it has become obvious that the Legion has an operative here at the Directorate . Perhaps you and Twiki could investigate . An excellent idea , Dr Huer . That will afford me an opportunity to engage in what Buck likes to call " old-fashioned deductive reasoning " . Twiki , take me to the personnel computers . - Bidibidi . I want a vacation . - Quiet , Twiki . OK , easy ! I have an important meeting to attend , couldn 't we ... ? What are you looking at ? Nothing , my friend , nothing . I merely wish to make your acquaintance . Barnard Smith is my name . My friends call me Barney . Rafael Argus . The Rafael Argus . This is an honour , my friend , to be sharing a cell with so illustrious a figure . Yes , I suppose it is . However , there 's no need to share any cell if I can get them to lower that force field . - You have a plan ? - Let 's say I need an opportunity . Follow my lead , my friend , opportunity is about to knock . Guards ! Help ! Get me out of here ! Help ! Help ! Guards ! Help ! Get me out of here ! Ohhhh ! - What 's the matter with you ? - You fool ! Don 't you recognise an Arcturan when you see one ? He tried to have psychic commune with me ! - He 's out of his mind , I never touched him . - He wants my mind ! Don 't you know enough to separate the species ? - Get me out of here ! - All right , all right . Corrin , move this joker to another cell . I got his gun . Come on , Barney . - We wanna go that way . - We 'll discuss it later . - ( Computer ) ' You 're still alive ! ' - Not for long unless you get us out of here . Did they check your memory to find out where we 're heading ? 'No , and once we 're through the stargate , 'we 'll be beyond their jurisdiction . ' Pure Denebian silk , isn 't it ? Absolutely nothing attracts my attention faster than pure Denebian silk . - Is that right ? - You did want a drink , didn 't you ? Yes , thank you . That was an interesting trick . Is it true what they say about telekinetics ? And what 's that ? - Do you like it ? - What does that matter ? Let me fix you something . You know , I was beginning to think that this trip to Aldebaran was going to be something of a bore . Oh ? So why did you come ? Well , you see , I have a meeting ... with some friends . A little private business . What 's a sweet young thing like you doing with a subspace transmitter in her closet ? What are you doing ? ( Chuckling ) There . Feeling a little less nosy now , Mr Quince ? ( Still chuckling ) Tell me about those friends of yours . Who called this meeting ? Kellogg called it . For what purpose ? We 're gonna teach the Earth people a lesson . How ? - What are your plans ? - I don 't know . Kellogg 's the strategist . It 's up to him . Look , why do you want to talk so much when we can ... Because I find you so disgusting and repugnant . One last question . Where are you meeting to discuss the details of this plan ? Solar collector , 1400 , - tomorrow . - The one in this hotel ? Yes . Very good . I want you to close your eyes and when you wake up tomorrow , all that you 'll remember about tonight is that you had a wonderful time . I cannot believe this is a parting of the ways . Don 't get sentimental . It was fun but nothing I 'd want in my scrapbook . I have a marvellous idea . What do you say to a liaison , a partnership between you and I against the galaxy ? With my brains and your more brains , there 's nothing we couldn 't do . - I work alone . - As do I , my friend . But I can 't help thinking what a terrific team we made breaking out of that space station . We 'll discuss it later over dinner . You got something there . I like that . I have to go to Customs , I 'll meet you at the gate in 20 minutes . Excellent , my friend . ( PA ) ' Government regulations prohibit 'the transport of subhumanoid life forms to Aldebaran . 'For more information , contact the Department of Alien Immigration . ' Now , Mr Argus , if that is who you are . Greetings , Mr Argus . - I take it this means I passed ? - Indeed you have . This was as much fun as initiating Morgan Deneva . Anyone who can hold his own against us deserves to be considered one of us . To the Legion Of Death . I 'm Kellogg . Sherese and Quince and Varek . Our mysterious friend Markos has arranged for us to meet at the solar energy collector at 1400 hours , at which time we shall discuss the full scope of our plans . Something I can do for you , Sherese ? You 're not what I expected , that 's all . - Disappointed ? - Not yet . There 's an old friend of yours waiting back at the hotel . Joella Cameron . Sound familiar ? Not particularly . But then I meet a lot of women . This one very definitely remembers you . ( Klaxon ) ( PA ) ' Emergency . All personnel evacuate Hangars 3 , 4 and 9 immediately . ' - What 's happening ? - The whole hangar system is misfiring . Can it be fixed ? If we can 't , this entire hangar 's going up in five minutes . - Dr Theopolis ? - Here , Dr Huer . 'Fire control to launch tubes 7 and 12 . ' - How are you progressing ? - We shall soon see . That 's it , sever the input rods . Carefully . We want a gradual loss of power , not a complete break . That could do more harm than good . Bidibidibidi . Can 't we just phone this in ? Quiet , Twiki . One more rod . Carefully . There . With the power bypass in effect , the overload is effectively neutralised . Excellent . Thank you , Dr Theopolis . - You were brilliant . - Of course . You do realise that this near-tragedy was no accident ? As soon as you feel up to it , I 'd like to see you in my office . 'Hello , it 's me . I guess I arrived a little early . 'I 'll try you again at 1340 hours . See you then , Rafe . ' Just five minutes from now . Perfect timing . We meet Markos at 1400 hours . We really don 't have time to socialise . We can wait for Argus 's acquaintance to arrive . I , for one , love to watch reunions of old friends . - Varek , get these people some drinks . - I 'll get them . Name your poison . Varek will do it , won 't you ? Yes , of course . ( Ice cubes clinking ) Why do you let him treat you like that ? I deserve no better . Why would you say something like that ? My people were a proud race . Too proud . It wasn 't enough that we had tamed our planet , built a great culture , reached out into space . We had to have other worlds too . We abused our freedom and so we lost it and deservedly so . Your world wasn 't the only one that suffered a holocaust . Earth did its best to destroy itself too . No . Earth was fortunate . It didn 't see its children twisted and deformed . - Mutated . - Is that what you 're afraid of ? What people will see behind that mask ? ( Buzzer ) Varek . Varek ! - Get that . - Excuse me . Argus , that must be your friend Joella . Hi . Is Rafael here yet ? Joelle ! It 's been a while . I know we didn 't part on the best of terms but give me a chance , will you ? You got a deal , Rafe . Sherese . You 're satisfied ? Good . Good . Shall we ? Remember , we 're all to meet Markos in ten minutes . - Thanks . - You 're welcome . Er ... ? Buck . Buck Rogers . You are taking an awfully big chance , Buck Rogers . Trying to fool Sherese and her friends is risky enough but how do you know I won 't blow your cover ? You looked like somebody I could trust . I just look like somebody you could trust ? Boy , you must get hurt an awful lot . Sometimes you get hurt no matter what you do . You can 't let that stop you trusting people . Sure you can . After you hear the same old lines , year after year ? Asking you to trust and to care . For as long as they need you and then they leave you alone on some godforsaken planet and you don 't even know where home is any more . Sure you can ! Joella , everybody gets hurt but everybody doesn 't hurt everybody . I 'll hold you to that , Buck Rogers . Count on it . I 've gotta go but I 'll be back . Oh ! - Where will I find you again ? - Downstairs in the bar . I 'll be around . This is all very impressive . Where are we ? The superstructure of the hotel 's solar energy collector . Which explains the heat but where 's Markos ? You needn 't worry about Markos . If he 's anything at all , he 's punctual . I try . Markos ! Good to see you again . You 'll remember Varek , Sherese , Quince and he is Argus . Argus , Rafael Argus . - I 've heard about you . - Same here . All of you know why we are here . The Directorate must be reminded that the Legion Of Death is a most special group of people . A group to be respected , feared and left alone . And they must be taught a lesson for murdering our colleague Morgan Deneva . A lesson the entire planet will never forget . I think we 're all in agreement . What did you have in mind ? The total destruction of the Terran capital , New Chicago . A challenging idea , Mr Kellogg , but that 's a city often million people . It would take a fusion bomb to destroy a city of that size . Not necessarily . There are simpler ways of annihilating ten million people in one stroke . - Perhaps . - Perhaps ? Perhaps ? - How do we keep from being caught ? - It 's been carefully conceived . I plan to utilise each of your particular talents . - Now , to the logistics of the problem . - We 're being observed . - Observed ? - Are you sure ? - Positive . - Where ? Up there . A woman , a dangerous woman . Kill her now ! Kill her now ! - I 'll get her . - Take Markos with you . - I work alone . - Not when I 'm in charge . Kill her ! ( Clattering ) Hold it . - I 'll take care of her . - Rafael Argus , I should 've known . - You know her ? - Yeah , we met . I 'll try to make this as painless as possible . Uh-oh ! About the painless part . Why didn 't someone tell me those stun guns only work on a person 's nervous system ? This bozo doesn 't even have one . - Did you hear Kellogg 's plan ? - What little there was of it . We can 't go back to Earth without knowing how they 'll destroy New Chicago . I was afraid you 'd say that . What are we going to do with our friend here ? Listen . This is the ID to Argus 's ship . Take it and hide there with him until I can join you . Listen , if I 'm not there by 1500 hours , you leave without me . - You hear ? - OK . Hey . Good luck . All systems in Flight Hangar 5 have returned to equilibrium . Starfighter patrols are double-shifting in Hangars 3 and 7 until repairs can be made . You 've no idea who sabotaged the launch tube ? There is no internal evidence to suggest a culprit . However , I have had the personnel computers give me a list of all Directorate employees with a ninth-level clearance . Anyone who would have had access to the locations that were bombed . - How many employees would that be ? - 1,227 . I am pursuing other avenues of investigation and expect to have a hypothesis soon . - Still no word from Deering or Rogers ? - No . No , Doctor . Not yet . ( Beeping ) Nighty-night . - ( Computer ) ' Welcome back , Argus . ' - I 'm not Argus . 'Who are you and what are you doing in here ? ' I 'm a friend of Argus and he told me to meet him here . - ' Rafe wouldn 't do that without telling me . ' - He didn 't have time . We 're leaving at 1500 hours and if I don 't warm up these engines ... 'I do the warming up around here , sweetie , and don 't you forget it . ' You were successful ? - In a matter of speaking , yes . - What 's that mean ? Where 's Markos ? Dead . The woman was a member of the Earth 's Defense Directorate . She killed Markos before I could kill her . That damnable Huer ! First Deneva , now Markos . He 'll pay for this . They 'll all ... ! They 'll all pay . Sit down , Argus . We were discussing the logistics of our mission . As I was saying , our biggest problem is keeping Earth 's entire star fleet off our tail while we make our escape after destroying New Chicago . But if we can destroy New Chicago and make it seem like an act of God , no one will be looking for us during our escape . Subsequently we claim full responsibility for the deed . To destroy a city that large you need an earthquake or a tidal wave . Or an antimatter explosion . - You 're joking , of course . - Far from it . New Chicago receives its power from a contra-terrene energy plant just outside the city . Contra-what ? Contra-terrene . It 's a reactor that uses matter and antimatter to create energy . And if someone were to sabotage that reactor , allowing the matter and antimatter to mix uncontrollably ? Everything for 200 square kilometres would be atomised instantly . Very good , Kellogg . I know a little about uncontrolled reactions . We can 't know the aftereffects of such a large antimatter explosion . The area could be uninhabitable for centuries . An interesting experimental situation , wouldn 't you say ? After all , it 's not our planet , is it ? So , when do we leave for Earth ? Unless anyone has a better idea , I suggest we leave tonight . In that case , I have a protracted goodbye to deliver to someone . - Joella ? - You got it . ( Sniggering ) ( Beeping ) Yes ? 'What are you doing ? My sensors show contact with their outer casings . ' Just doing a little home repair , sweetie . ( Voice slowing and deepening ) 'You little witch . ' Thank you . ( Engines firing up ) ( Rapid beeping ) Buck , where are you ? - Where were you ? - We have to get off-planet right now . - Wait ! - I don 't have time to explain . Let 's go ! Ah , Jo . Still hanging out with losers , huh ? Look , can we talk this over ? - I 'm afraid not . - Talk about being light on your feet ! ( Engine revs increasing ) Buck , don 't you dare get yourself killed . Don 't you dare . What 's the idea of having Porky and Baby Doll kidnap us ? Argus ... Shut up . We 've been approached by a local informant who says he 's selling information that might be very interesting . I believe you 've met him . Barney . This would not have happened had I not had a sudden reversal of fortune . Get on with it . I met Rafael Argus two years ago on Sutter 's World and I can tell you for a fact , that ain 't him .
