 'The year is 1987 'and NASA launches the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck " Rogers , 'are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems 'and returns Buck Rogers to Earth 500 years later . ' Stargate 4 coming up in 30 seconds . Means we 'll be home in 26 minutes . Right . Space travel isn 't what it used to be . It certainly isn 't . It took us days to get to the Moon . Now if you blink , you miss it . I 've punched in our destination and it 's been relayed to the computer at the stargate . Entering stargate . That wasn 't so bad . Don 't make me open my mouth just yet . Your system will get used to space warp travel soon . In most cases . Terrific . I 'm picking up Directorate Starfighters dead ahead . - One of them is in combat . - It 's a dogfight , all right . Anything on the distress channel ? Scout 3 to Leader , I 'm under attack by pirates . Request assistance . Help me , please . Should have kept your butt up with us , 3 . Take evasive action while we circle back for you . It might be too late then . - Shall we ? - After you . Hang on . - Nice shot , Colonel . - Nice flying , Captain . - 3 , you 're in the clear . - ' Thank you . ' Leader to Scout 3 , indicate damage sustained . Scout 3 , how badly are you hurt ? Leader , this is Earth Recon 1 . It appears he 's sustained a hit on his starboard side . I 'm all right , sir . Damage is minimal . - You don 't sound all right . - ' Follow us in , 3 , and keep up this time . ' Recon 1 , I appreciate your concern but I 'd appreciate it more if you refrained from interfering in a Directorate training mission . What ? If that 's interfering , there 's something wrong with your Funk Wagnalls . I don 't know what that means , but how 'd you like to repeat that in the hangar ? I 'd love to . What happened to you out there ? Sorry , Major Danton . I couldn 't concentrate . I couldn 't keep up . - Are you all right ? - Of course not . I 'm afraid I don 't feel well , sir . You two , come on . Hurry up . Take this man to the Directorate clinic . Have someone there call me . Half my men are sick and I want to know why . Maybe it 's a reflection on your training techniques . You 're the one who was showing off up there . - I was responding to a distress signal . - From someone in my command . - That didn 't matter to the pirates . - My cadets are my responsibility . They 're mine too , Major . Oh , hello , Wilma . - Colonel Deering . - I was also on Recon 1 and in my judgment your cadet was in grave danger . I gave the OK to interfere . I see . Excuse me . Major Duke Danton , Captain Buck Rogers . So you 're Buck Rogers ? Since the day I was born . I beg your pardon , Colonel , but he 's no captain . That 's not true . While Buck has declined to join the Defense Directorate , he does help us out . Declined to join ? Now , why would a big , brave hotshot like yourself do that ? I didn 't think I 'd like the company . Speaking of fancy flying , I was hoping Buck would head up a combat technique session . I think our pilots would benefit from a lecture in 20th-century battle strategy . Wilma , that 's ridiculous . You will introduce your class to Captain Rogers immediately . That is an order . I 'd like to check on that cadet . What was his name ? Saroyan . Regis Saroyan . If you 'll excuse me . Wilma , don 't forget drinks . 1900 hours , my place . You know something , Buck Rogers ? I 'll be there . She 's some kind of woman , isn 't she ? Help ... Help me . I can 't concentrate . I don 't know what 's wrong . I can 't keep up . Somebody ... Pirates . Please , somebody . His father is Tabor Saroyan , the governor of Vistula . I suppose I should notify him personally . Just how serious is his condition ? It 's his nerves , controlling his voluntary muscles and motor coordination . They 're deteriorating , like the others . - Others ? - Yes . The Computer Council has ordered that a statement not be made yet . So far , here in New Chicago , 25,000 cases have been reported . - When did all this start ? - Three days ago . And this disease has cropped up in other cities on Earth , but in New Chicago it 's much , much worse . I can 't concentrate . What the Computer Council is trying to keep secret is its effect on our defence squadrons . They 've been hardest hit of all . - You think it 's happening purposely ? - Let 's go meet a man who could tell us . I don 't know what 's wrong . How is this possible ? 'Your question , I presume , is rhetorical and therefore a waste of my time . ' You don 't know the answer either ! How you hate to admit knowing no more than I do . - ' I do not . ' - Yes , you do . Huer , I was just about to contact you . Colonel Deering , Dr Mallory . - Colonel . - And his assistant , Stella Warden . And , of course , Carl . 'I find you also somewhat less than memorable , Dr Huer . ' Dr Huer , you asked Carl and me to accomplish two things . One , find an antidote . - You 've developed one ? - Not yet . We shall . You also asked us to find the source of the biochemical agent that 's poisoning Earth 's citizens . That source is right there . - A food disc ? - Consumed by millions of people daily . How can a contaminant get into our food ? All processing is monitored by the Food Directorate . I can 't answer that yet . But Carl and I have developed a substance that will detect the poison . At least we can stop any more contaminated food discs getting out . What about the pilots that have already been poisoned ? They seem to have a modicum of health but are not at full functioning ability . - You mean they can 't fly ? - I 'm afraid not . But a light in the tunnel , Colonel . Carl here may creak and squeak and slip a microdisk every now and then , but I 'm sure he 'll come up with an antidote that 'll put our pilots back in their starfighters . In my day we used the strategy of a popular sport called football ... Football ? ... to explain combat strategy . A very amusing term , Rogers . We actually have to put a ball on our foot ? In combat , you wanna split their offensive line and get to the brains of the operation . Are we talking brain surgery or combat ? In football , the quarterback is the brains of the operation . If you get him while he 's still carrying the ball , your strategy works . - One way of doing this is by red-dogging . - ( Laughter ) Red-dogging ! When you 're up against superior numbers , you want to sack the quarterback . You do this by red-dogging your linebacker . What this means is punching a hole through their offensive line so your top defensive back can go right through and bring the quarterback down . We never bargained for a lecture on ancient sports . - It 's fascinating . - ( Laughter ) - Buck ? - Yes . What do you mean by sacking the quarterback ? Yeah , Rogers , what do you mean by sacking ? - You really wanna know ? - Yeah , I really wanna know . Well , let me see ... Could you step right over here for a second ? That 's fine , right there . When I use the term sack , what I mean is tackle . And basically a tackle looks something like this . ( Girl screaming ) ( Students muttering ) That 's what I mean by sacking the quarterback . - Now ... - ( Girl screams ) ( Students muttering ) How was that ? - Was that any better ? - No . That 's clipping , it 's illegal . Let me show you how you should have done it . See the difference ? - Yeah , I think I do . - Good . But let me try it again . ( Girl screaming ) ( Theo ) What in the world was that ? ( Twiki ) Bidibidi . Sounded like Buck . ( Theo ) Don 't be silly . That felt a little better to me . How about you ? Well , some people are just slow learners . ( Girl giggles ) There it is again . Captain Rogers and Major Danton couldn 't be making all that noise . - Wanna bet ? - Let 's look . Well , I think you 've learned enough for one day and I 'd like to thank you for ... Urgh ! Now I 've learned enough . That 's all for today . Cadets , report to the hangar at 0800 . ( Astonished laughter ) Bidibidibidi . Hi , guys . Two grown men fighting ! How disgusting . No , no . We were just giving a demonstration . Bidibidibidibidi . Easy for you to say . Our temperamental friend is about to begin a nitrogen breakdown of the elements we 've isolated so far . Would you monitor his read-outs till I get back ? Gladly , sir . It 's about time you took a break . A plus-three factor would indicate a possible antidote , but considering the mood he 's in ... I understand . 'Nitrogen breakdown commences . Order of components ... 'Stella , what are you doing ? 'Stella ! 'I 'm in danger . 'I 'm in danger . Assistance ! 'Danger . I am in danger . 'Assistance . Somebody come , please . 'Too late . Goodbye , Mallory . ' - You ready ? - Mm-hm . Hurggh ! - How 's that ? - Fine . Just fine . - Not too hard ? - No . Maybe you shouldn 't teach me judo till you 've recovered from 20th-century battle strategy . ( Giggles ) - Why don 't we take a break ? - OK . - Who 's this ? - Someone I knew a long , long time ago . - She 's beautiful . - Yeah . And you 're only seeing the outside . ( Beeping ) Excuse me . ( Beeping continues ) It 's your dime , shoot . 'I understand Colonel Deering is there , correct ? ' Yes . What 's happened ? 'Just come down to the hospital research lab . ' It 's cold-blooded murder . I 'll never find the antidote now . Not without Carl . Not without Carl . - His assistant was responsible . - I gather she 's disappeared ? They don 't want us to find an antidote and they 've set us back by days , even weeks . Which means Earth will remain next to defenceless . There 's still something we can do . You see ... Buck , I 'm sorry . No offence , but this deals directly with the Defense Directorate , and seeing as you hesitate to become a member ... Yeah , sure . You 're right . All the food discs manufactured for Directorate Housing were contaminated . So someone is trying to incapacitate our squadrons . And they obscured that fact by allowing the disease to enter other cities . We also found that all the contaminated food discs have one thing in common . Vistula . What 's vistula ? If what Wilma tells me is true , we 're in trouble . And Earth in the 25th century is better than no Earth at all . - So count me in . - That 's fine , Buck . - So , what is vistula ? - Vistula is an agricultural planet , just beyond Stargate 5 in the Epsilon Ludi system . It 's where much of the vegetable protein in our food is grown and where ... Vistula ll , this is Warden . Do you read me ? 'Vistula ll , this is Warden . Do you read me ? ' - We read you . - Tell Kaleel I have some good news . So you must ready yourselves , my friends . Your moment is at hand . No longer shall you live in the Sea Of Stone while others reap the benefits of our world 's lush glory . No longer shall you work to feed the people of distant planets while your own sons and daughters go hungry . Soon you will descend upon the Earth like meteors , like fire , and consume them with the flames of your righteous anger . The only ones who can stop us are those enemies among us . Those who are weak and faithless , those who do not believe , those who attack me out of fear and jealousy , these are our enemies . Every moment you tolerate their presence among us is a moment lost for you and your children and your children 's children . I know of one . Leila , no . My husband . He speaks against you in the dead of night . Lying beside me , he says you are the one that makes us work for the Governor . He says you sell us and keep the money . He 's afraid of the future . Afraid of dying for the cause . Afraid not for everyone else , but for himself . Do not harm him . You have nothing to fear . My touch is the touch of truth . The kiss of God . If your heart is good and true , you shall live . - If not ... - Please , don 't . Leila , help me ! For God 's sake , help me . No ! ( Chanting ) Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . No one is to leave . They 'll get another talk in half an hour . - You 've heard from Stella ? - Yes . She says Earth has little chance of curing their pilots - until after we 've launched our attack . - Good . But the Directorate is no different from any other organisation . As long as its leader exists , it is a threat . As I 'm sure you are well aware . If you 're referring to Dr Huer , Stella indicated he 's about to be taken care of . Good . You 'd better be quick . - Who 's in charge of Vistula ? - One person , apparently . He or she is appointed to the position every seven years . Tabor Saroyan is the current governor , with some interest in saving those pirates this morning . I don 't understand , Dr Huer , why would the Governor contaminate the Directorate 's food when his son is here ? I don 't know , Buck . He might be unaware of what 's happened . We know something is happening . Let 's go to Vistula for a look . I could call Governor Saroyan and suggest that Regis be returned to Vistula to recuperate there . And you could send us as an honour guard . Could you be ready to leave at 0700 tomorrow ? But we 'd look more like an honour guard if we sent a few of our best pilots . I really can 't spare them , but you 'll have them . Get down ! - ( Whirring ) - Don 't raise even a hair . Good heavens . What was that ? Be careful . ( Whirring ) They sure don 't make these like they used to . It 's a sick suit . It 'll monitor his vital signs and administer treatment . He 'll feel better when he reaches Vistula . - Morning . - Morning , Doctor . Governor Saroyan is expecting you . We have the samples of the tracing agent . We 're all set . Not quite yet . Dr Theopolis , do you have those going-away presents ? - Bidibidibidi . - Theo , you shouldn 't have . ( Twiki ) Theo didn 't , I did . ( Theo ) Ignore Twiki , everyone . He was up all night putting these together and his circuitry is a bit frayed . Those wristbands will give you a warning if the contamination enters your systems . You can also monitor each other 's telemetry so they can serve as radio directional finders . - Better than a graduation gift . Thanks . - Any time , Buck . Here come the pilots who 'll be your escorts . - Uh-oh ! - Uh-oh ? Oh . Major Fields , Captain Rogers . Major . I understand you two have already bumped into each other . ( Giggling ) They certainly have . The problem is you and Duke are too much alike . Once you get to know him , he 's not that bad . Come on , give him a chance . I intend to . How long have you known him ? Since flight school . Are you close ? No . Not any more . Was your moving up in rank part of the problem ? That was the least of it . - Care to elaborate ? - No . Some things never change . 'Coming up on Vistula . ' We 're cleared for landing . Very good , Major . We 'll follow you in . There it is . The entire planet is devoted to growing vegetable protein . We 'll be going to where the food is processed for shipment to Earth . - What 's that barren area ? - It 's a huge desert . Vistula 's first inhabitants called it the Sea Of Stone . Nothing of any consequence can grow there . ( Computers clicking and beeping ) Saroyan 's son has arrived . The Governor has prepared a banquet for the copilots who escorted him . The fool has been so helpful he deserves to have a good time . Just so he remains totally ignorant of what 's happening right under his nose . He might not . - Dr Huer survived the attempt on his life . - What ? He could know the poison food comes from Vistula and he 's sent them here as spies . Well , if they 're staying at the State House , we needn 't worry . And should they stray too near the fire , we 'll simply see that it engulfs them . - ( Chuckling ) - Julio , this is such a festive occasion . I can 't remember enjoying myself so much in years , can you ? No , I can 't . - Does everybody have enough wine ? - Yes . Regis , are sure you feel well enough to join us ? You do look pale . - I 'm fine , Father . - I am so grateful to you for bringing Regis home . My physicians tell me he received excellent care on Earth . But your computers were unable to diagnose his illness . They think it 's a virus . Hopefully , Dr Huer will be able to tell you more soon . I 'm not letting you leave . Not until you 've had three days of royal treatment ! - And a full tour of our production facilities . - Of course . We 'd enjoy that . No , thank you , Ryma . Just water , please . I 'm afraid I couldn 't keep anything else down . It isn 't often that I have visitors from my home world . Except for those boring systems analysts . And those dreadful investigators that the Food Directorate periodically dispatches to check up on me . As if , after three successive appointments to this job , I was going to slip up ! Ugh ! Come on , now , eat up ! Eat up . It isn 't every day that I have a full meal brought in here from ... What 's it called ? Dionysin . - None of this food is from here ? - Of course not ! You can imagine how quickly one tires of soy products . No , I have all my food brought in . An expense budgeted into the Governor 's salary . ( Chuckling ) Come on , Julio . You speak as if these people were Food Directorate spies . I 'm afraid our friend has been too long in the trenches . And I 'm not crazy about his foreman . If looks could kill , rigor mortis would set in . Why haven 't I seen any mobile service modules anywhere ? Too expensive . And unnecessary . We have a human workforce at our fingertips . All your operations are performed by people ? I didn 't know that was possible . Not only possible , but extremely practical . The inhabitants of the Sea Of Stone make excellent workers . Some of them are a trifle difficult after their purchase ... You buy people and force them to work here against their will ? Oh , but they are uncivilised nomads . One of their own people , a man called Kaleel , he gathers a group together and sells them to us . It is a very satisfactory arrangement . It 's slavery . Slavery ? Even uncivilised nomads have rights ... - I 'm sorry ! - No problem . - What do you think you are doing ? - It 's OK . My apologies . There is no excuse for such clumsiness . I expect more from State House servants than from field labourers . Perhaps the fields are more to your liking ? Governor , it is all right . No harm has been done . That 's exactly what I 'm talking about . You treat them like machines . They 're not . They 're humans , they make mistakes . A very interesting notion . I believe I 've suggested something similar to you in the past . ( Whistling ) - ( Splashing ) - ♫ Da-dah da-da-dee ... ♫ Strangers in the night ♫ Exchanging glances ♫ Wondering in the night ♫ What were the chances ♫ We 'd be making love ♫ Before the night was ... ♫ ( Up-tempo electronic music ) - My singing was that bad ? - I have to talk to you . Someone 's outside listening . The music should cover our conversation . - I wanted to thank you for what you did . - No problem . - You meant what you said about slavery ? - Yes , or I wouldn 't have said it . You said someone was listening . Who ? Saroyan ? No , of course not . It 's my people I 'm worried about . Kaleel 's followers . Governor Saroyan is a fool . The only one with any sense in that family is his son . Regis has tried for years to help the nomads . - You have a thing for him , don 't you ? - A thing ? A crush . You like him . Let me get of here , I 'm starting to wrinkle . I 'll check the door . I think he 's still out there . It seems that Kaleel is some kind of a slave-trader , not the kind of man who would have followers . He 's more than just a slave-trader . - He 's a sorcerer . - Come on . It 's true . Kaleel feeds off the adulation of a crowd . He siphons off their love and energy . Sorcerer , mutant , call him what you will , but he can mesmerise a group with just his words . - Why haven 't you fallen under his spell ? - Some of us have escaped his will . My brother was one . He told me he discovered something terrible about the processing plant . He was going to meet me to tell more . He never came . - Kaleel had him murdered . - Which plant ? - 347 . - Can you show me how to get there ? Yes . Then you 'll help me get rid of Kaleel ? - I 'm certainly gonna try . - There is one other thing . I was supposed to be yours for tonight , and if they see you leave without me ... Well , I 'll leave by the window . You stay here . I 've got a reputation to uphold too . ( footsteps ) ( Computer beeps ) Hello . Official business . Food Directorate . Excuse me . The poison 's in the packaging . ( Man ) Where did he go ? ( Woman ) All I know is that he wasn 't pleased with me . I see . And so he left through the window . ( Cry of pain ) All right , Ryma , I 'm asking you for the last time . What did you tell him ? Some story about your brother ? You murdered my brother . What more is there ? Did you tell him he worked at the food plant ? Is that where Rogers is ? Don 't bother . We 'll take her back to the mountain . Kaleel will make her talk . Take her to the shuttle port . The transport for the mountain leaves at dawn . Night-time is for sleeping . Where 's the locking mechanism ? - You 're Rogers ' friend . - Colonel Deering . I heard what you said about the processing plant . - It 's part of Kaleel 's plan . - What plan ? You 'll find out soon enough . I 'm sure Kaleel will answer any questions you might have . And you any questions he might have . Ryma ? Ryma ? ( Machinery whining ) Are you all right ? We 're on a ship that 'll take us to Kaleel 's fortress . There 's no escape now . Because of me you 're going to die . Rogers too . - Don 't count on it . - Why didn 't I just follow like the rest ? Don 't give up yet . What are you doing ? Letting Buck know he has a friend in need . Buck , did you two have a nice chat ? Keep it down . Come in here . When did Wilma leave the Governor 's do ? About two hours ago , same as everybody else . Why ? She 's missing . And the slave girl . - Something 's happened to her ? - I 'm afraid so . - You can tell where she is with that ? - Yeah . About 3 km away . - Let 's go get her . - Hold on . It 's not safe to try and communicate with Earth and I have to get this to Huer . Major Fields can do it . See you in a few minutes . We 're on our way . I hope Buck can say the same . What is that glow on the horizon ? The sun ? By the time it reaches halfway to its zenith , we 'll be inside Kaleel 's mountain . You 'd better hurry . I just ran into one of Julie 's guards . Right , you take off first and tell Huer exactly what I told you . Don 't use your radio till you 're well beyond the stargate . - Will do . Good luck . - Thank you . Wilma 's moving , but slowly . Must be on a shuttle . We 're almost there . The shuttle 's about to dock with Ryma and the Earth woman on it . They 're to be brought here . Another thing , Julio said two Earth starfighters left the State House 15 minutes ago . We have one of them on the scope . The shuttle is being followed ? You 're in charge of military operations , Galen . What do you intend to do ? Employ the power leech . Excellent . Whatever Wilma was in , it 's stopped now . Do you have any idea what we 're gonna do when we get there ? - No . - Just thought I 'd ask . What are you doing ? Our engines are shutting down . Tell me something I don 't know . - PC gauges say we have enough energy . - But not where we need it . Somebody 's using a power leech on us . - I don 't know if I can keep her up . - Hit the retro gravity valve . ( Electronic whine ) It cancelled out . Any more ideas ? Not a one . I don 't understand ! Where have all our guests gone ? Colonel Deering , Major Danton , even that boorish Rogers . - Where have they gone ? - You really don 't know what 's going on . I 've tried to tell you for years . About Kaleel ? How he exploits the nomads , makes them hate your name ? I have a job to do . I always do the best I can . We 've been through this before . You never listen . Not really . Julio you listen to . Julio , whose loyalty is to Kaleel . But never to me . You 've never listened to your own son , so I gave up trying to make you hear . Please , Father , for your sake , not mine . Look around you , see what 's going on , what has been going on for years . The sooner you realise , the less you 'll be hurt . ( Coughing ) ( Coughing ) Duke ? Duke ! Keep it down . ( Coughing ) - What kind of landing do you call that ? - You still complaining ? No , I guess not . She was a good ship , though . All I want is one crack at whoever brought us down . Just one . Talk about no trespassing signs . - Still got a fix on Wilma ? - Yeah . She 's landed . About 18 kilometres in that direction . Well , we better get our survival gear on . Yeah . Otherwise we 'll look like a couple of brown-and-serve rolls at sunset . Kaleel has a place where he puts people who are a threat to him . No one knows what happens there cos no one 's ever come back . It might be different with you , but I doubt if he 'll have much to say to me . - I 'll say goodbye now . - Plenty of time for that . - Move . - Is optimism military training ? - No . I picked up a lot outside the military . - Move ! I said move . Run , Wilma ! This thing itches like crazy . Take it off if you don 't mind getting sunburn . - You probably feel at home wearing yours . - That 's right . I 've seen pictures of how people dressed in your time . Your historians got things so messed up they don 't know the difference between a cowboy and a cop . Careful . Careful . The filament you 're soldering is the precise thickness as the one you 're replacing . Be very careful , Twiki . It was very difficult to make . - Bidibidi . Get off my back . - I 'm not on your back . And please concentrate on what you 're doing . If anything , I 'm on your front and I can 't get off without your help . Where did you find such expressions ? - My good buddy Buck . - I should have known . It 's hard to believe he learned to speak on the same planet as us . That 's very good , Twiki . Dr Mallory ? Would you send a light current through Carl 's higher-level circuits ? It won 't do any good . They 've all been destroyed . Please , Dr Mallory , the current . ( Crackling ) What did I tell you ? Dr Mallory , Major Fields just brought this in from Vistula . The poison that entered our food supply did so through the packaging . Ingenious . Buck hoped that a sample like this might help you come up with an antidote . It would have . But without Carl , it does me no good . No good at all . 'Why , you self-pitying old goat . ' - Carl ? - ' Who else would it be , you ignoramus ? 'Nice to see you again , Mallory . ' We 'll get started on that antidote now . Good . The Defense Directorate has so few pilots now that Earth could scarcely ward off pirates , let alone anything organised . - Keep me informed . - I shall . Let 's leave Dr Mallory to his work , Twiki . 'I owe you a great deal , Theopolis . ' Bidibidi . Bidibidibidibidibidi . You mean you owe Twiki and me a great deal , Carl . - And it 's quite all right . - Bidibidibidi . Another one of Buck 's colourful phrases ? Why did you kill your brother ? The Governor 's foreman says he was found dead after he went to meet you . What he said , you must not have liked , that 's what the workers say . So that 's how you twisted it around , and that 's how you 'll explain my disappearance . There 's something wrong with you . Your brother was the same way . You were always different . Always complaining , always unhappy . No one will miss you two terribly . Go ahead , kill me . Give me your touch of death but don 't ever forget that I knew the truth . Our enemy isn 't Saroyan or Earth , it 's you . You stole our dreams , took away what we might have been . Maybe you can suck the dreams out of the others , but not me . You never got to me . And don 't you ever forget that . You are evil , Ryma . The evil and the weak must be purged . Go on ! Kill me . I 'd rather be dead than one of your zombies . No ! You are truly evil . The kiss of god would only sanctify you , even in death . I won 't give you that . Take her to the furnace . The woman from Earth 's Defense Directorate hasn 't been found . - Did you double the guards at the exits ? - There 's no need . I 've worked with these people and I know how they think . She won 't try to escape , not just yet . You 're not eating ? It 's pretty hard to eat something that just crawled on the ground . I prefer my food pills . It 's up to you . If you wanna risk being poisoned , go ahead . Remember all the times I 've called you a barbarian ? Well , I don 't take any of them back . Not one . Argh ! Don 't do anything yet . ( Explosion ) - What do they want ? - Anything they can get . I bet you wear that mask cos your face looks like it 's been through a meteor shower . Either they agree or they don 't understand a word . How do you wanna handle this ? You take the two on your side and I 'll take the two on mine . - Whatever you say . - Ready ? Let 's go ! Argh ! I got him . Watch it . Don 't forget to write . Buck , you were terrific . You weren 't half bad yourself . - Let 's get our things and go after Wilma . - Sure . Buck , look what happened to your dinner . It 's OK , I was on a diet anyway . This ought to come in handy . ( Computers beeping ) Instead of running she headed straight for a transmitter to get word to Earth . What did I tell you ? Predictable to a fault , these Earth people . One of whom you used to be . I became one of you so that someday I could help overcome you . And that day has arrived , Colonel Deering . There . Wilma 's inside that mountain . - Do you think Kaleel is in there ? - I don 't know . I got a feeling Wilma 's close to the reason Kaleel 's poisoning Earth 's food supply . Buck ? How can we be sure that Wilma is still alive ? Cos I 'm still getting a signal on this . It runs on body heat . Don 't worry , we 'll find her . Wait a minute . Do you see something ? - Can you believe that ? - I think we 're looking at the second part of Kaleel 's plan . With no air defences , how can Earth stand up to that ? Once Kaleel has weakened enough of our pilots , he intends to launch a massive attack on Earth . It 'll be devastating . The only chance that Earth has is to get up here and launch a secret strike against that airfield . Those ships have got to be destroyed before they leave . Problem is , how do we get word to Huer ? Which one of us can get the most out of one of those ? All bragging aside , I could . I 'll transmit ahead . Once I get through the stargate . Then I 'll have to land , fuel up and get back here with as many pilots as we have left . Thanks . But they could use that same thing to knock you down . No . I 'll go right to translight velocity . They 'll never catch me . Find Wilma . First thing is to find my way inside that mountain , but I 'll find Wilma . Good luck , Major . Same to you , Captain . ( Alarm beeping ) You said no one ever survived a crash in the desert . - No one ever has before . - Then who 's stealing one of our ships ? ( Engines roaring ) He 's gone translight . I need more time . He got away . It simply moves my timetable up . But Earth will be alerted to our attack . This is why , isn 't it ? It 's giving off some kind of a signal . It hardly matters any more . By tomorrow she will have met the same fate as Ryma and we shall rule the Earth . But according to Julio , there were two people in that crash . That fighter can hold only one , which means someone is still around . And with this , I have a way of getting him . Don 't I ? I didn 't say I need all the pilots you could spare , I said I need all the pilots . Major Danton , I just can 't do that . I cannot order that Earth be left defenceless . I 'm telling you that if that fleet lifts off , Earth is done for anyway . Dr Mallory says he 's close to finding an antidote . If you could just wait one more day . I could , but the people in that desert won 't . We have to move now with everything we 've got . I 'll discuss it with Dr Theopolis . Just make sure those pilots are waiting for me in the hangar . 'Danton out . ' There 's nothing to discuss . Major Danton is right . But he 's talking about so few pilots . He has no idea . However , as you 've indicated , we have no choice . I will scramble what 's left of our forces . Bidibidibidibidi . Hm ? What was that , Twiki ? Nothing , Doctor . Excuse us , won 't you ? We 'll see you on the flight deck . - Thank you for your help . - Certainly . Twiki , that was the best idea you ever had . I must be rubbing off on you . This what you 're looking for ? What 's wrong ? Don 't you like surprises ? Not particularly , no . Major Danton , welcome home . You should be saying have a nice flight . I 'm leaving when the pilots arrive . I see . You look like you have some bad news for me . I 've scrambled all available pilots . - When are they due to get here ? - They are here . - This is it ? - I 'm afraid so . Brigadier Gordon here has come out of retirement to help . - You look familiar . - You were my instructor in pulsar cannon . - Yes . - 15 years ago . - 15 years ago . - Good to have you back , sir . It 's good to be back . Except these pilots , everyone is just too ill to be of any use to you . Six pilots . Bidibidi . Seven . Can 't you count ? Reporting for duty , Major . - This is too much . - As Twiki reminded me , I am thoroughly familiar with our starfighters . Don 't forget , I helped design them , and difficult as it was for me to do , I 've adjusted my input circuits to respond to you as if you were my ... superior . All right , you can come along . Hot dog ! We launch in five minutes . Good luck to all of you . Sorry , Buck . - Are you OK ? - Yeah . No thanks to our host . The all-mighty Kaleel , I presume . - And you are ? - Buck Rogers . What have you done with the other girl ? She has been put to death . What will your friend do when he returns to Earth ? Let 's see , you 've seen the fleet I 've been building up and no doubt concluded that my plan is to weaken Earth by poisoning its members so the planet can be conquered with ease . Murder seems to be second nature to you . Why not wipe us all out so you can walk into power ? Mass death would have caused alarm , attracted too much attention . Dr Huer would have suspected foul play immediately . This way , the gravity of the situation crept up on him . By the time he had an inkling of what was truly happening , it was too late . That 's not the reason . You get your kicks by turning people who should hate you into zombies who follow you . Stop it ! Let 's just get rid of him . He and Colonel Deering will meet the same fate as Ryma , but first things first . Now that Earth knows of my plan , what do your people intend to do ? Prepare for your attack . And with our remaining forces , give you a reception you won 't forget . You are lying ! Your friend will lead your forces back here in hopes of destroying my fleet on the ground . Pass the word . We 'll prepare to launch our attack today . If Earth 's forces are on the way , they 'll be greeted by 100 fighters . But each one of our pilots is an expert . Yours are not conditioned to think for themselves , only to follow . True . But consider the quality of leadership . Haven 't you recognised this man yet , Colonel Deering ? He will orchestrate our attack , positioned behind all others , Galen . Galen ? He 'll tell each and every pilot exactly what to do . Galen . He was the best military strategist Earth had . Then seven years ago we heard that his talents could be bought . Then he disappeared . Quite selfishly , we hoped he was dead . Instead , I 'm here . About to spearhead an attack that will destroy Earth 's remaining forces . Your friend expects to surprise us . Just imagine the surprise that 's in store for him . Punch in course seven-X ... four-nine-zero . See you up there . We 're next , Twiki . Here we go . Bidibidi . Geronimo ! Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Howdy Doody must be taking the stage again . Ryma ! She 's still alive . For whatever that 's worth . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . ( Shouting ) Kaleel ! Kaleel ! Kaleel ! Kaleel ! The time is now . The time has come for you to sail into battle and be victorious . Earth is about to fall victim to its own greed . Soon you shall meet those who have exploited you for so long , and you shall defeat them . No longer shall you live in caverns and canyons . All Earth 's wealth is yours ... for the taking . Having suffered so long at Saroyan 's hand , you deserve the Earth . Listen to Galen . Do what he says and don 't be afraid . Only the weak are afraid . And as long as I am with you , as long as the kiss of God is on your heads , you shall prevail . ( Cheering ) Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Kaleel . Looking good back there . We hit the stargate in approximately 12 minutes . 7 , you 're falling out of formation . The least you could do is keep up . Understood , Major Danton . We 're adjusting our course accordingly . We 've drifted two degrees starboard . Pay attention to what you 're doing . - Bidibidi . Roger . - What about Rogers ? ( Bubbling ) What do you think all these pipes are for ? Water , maybe . Pumped from underground springs . Maybe they pass it through here to warm it up . That 's what I was thinking . And these holes ? Warm air vents . That means they lead to other rooms . If these pipes carry water , they must be strong and one of these holes could carry us out of here . How are you gonna get up there ? Fly ? - That 's not a bad idea . - What is that ? A 25th-century cherry bomb . All I need is something to put it under . What are you gonna do with it ? Preferably put it under a tin bucket . - Keep your face turned away . - You gotta be kidding . You 're not kidding . ( Ticking ) I hope this timer works . Uhhh ... Phew ! Don 't go away . I 'll be right back . He knows what he 's doing . He 'll be back . Come on , don 't leave me now . Stay with me . Just in time , Julio . And how is the good Governor ? Just as ignorant , and terribly upset . It seems that his guests left last night without saying a word . I expect you to keep us informed , Galen . And entertained . That I shall . You can track us on the screen as far as the stargate . Beyond that , we 'll be on transmission only . Leader to squadron , prepare to launch . Kaleel ? Later . - It begins . - Yes . For us . For Earth it ends . Two minutes to stargate . Once we pass through , no further transmissions . We do everything exactly as I laid it out . Are there any questions ? Good . Leader out . I think I 'm behaving quite admirably . I 'm being respectful , I 'm following orders , I 'm not even going to analyse Major Danton 's attack strategy . - Bidibidi . You 're a real trouper . - I 'd like to think so . Ryma , can you hear me ? Yes . I 'm fine . Hi , girls . At the end of this shaft is a nice cool storage room . How 's she doing ? - She 's OK . - I think I can make it . Bring her across this ledge and right down beneath the hole here and I 'll throw you a rope . OK , now , be careful . That 's it . OK . Put this around you . I 'll pull you up one at a time . Put that around yourself and put the rope on top of it . All right . ( Grunting ) All right , Wilma , you 're next . ( Beeping ) Oh ... Approaching stargate . Punch in destination four-eight-zero-seven-K . Let 's get out of here . Great . Let 's go . It appears the armada has left the ground and is waiting for us . We 've failed , Twiki . Bidibidibidi . For the first time , I agree with you . - We gotta warn Duke . - Let 's a make a run for those last two ships . - Sounds good to me . Come on . - No , my friends . There are others who feel as I do . We have stolen weapons and explosives . If I can convince them that we have a chance , maybe we can help . But there couldn 't be more than a dozen of you . This is my world , Buck , my people . I deserve the chance to fight for them just as you deserve the chance to fight for yours . OK , good luck . Good luck , Ryma . - Wanna get those fighters ? - We 'll have to take the pilots out . They 'll never know what hit them . 'Leader to squadron , I 'm breaking radio silence . ' You 've no doubt seen what lies ahead of us . We 're too late . 'The armada on Vistula is taking off , 'and before we reach the combat vector , we 'll be outnumbered almost ten to one . ' But it 's no use turning back , they 're on their way to Earth . We fight them here or we fight them there , so ready your pulsar cannons , we 're taking them on now . And before we 're through with them , they will have had one big fight on their hands . Bidibidi . Right on ! - You didn 't have to take out both guards . - I got excited . I think I 've created a monster . 9-3 and 9-4 , you 're out of sequence . You 're off course . Adjust to three-zero-nine , do you read ? 9-3 and 9-4 , respond . You 're headed directly for the enemy . Adjust to three-zero-nine at once . 9-3 to Leader . With all due respect , Galen , stick it . One of our fighters seems to be trying to intercept them . Kaleel , we 'd just like to say we didn 't care much for the sauna . - That 's Rogers ! - You 're so beautiful when you 're angry . - He 's escaped . - It doesn 't matter . Any way we can raise Duke on this thing ? He should be on vector 92.4 . 'Buck Rogers to Earth squadron leader , do you read ? ' Major , it 's a trick . Rogers to Leader , do you read me ? 'Buck Rogers to Leader . 'Leader , do you read me ? ' I read somebody who 's flying an enemy ship . - Come on , Duke , it 's me . - If you 're Rogers , who 's the Juice ? What ? OJ Simpson ! I told you all about him in the desert . Played for the Buffalo Bills . What are you waiting for , Captain ? Get your butt in formation . I take it you mean mine as well , Major ? - Wilma ! I mean , Colonel Deering . - Right on both counts . - ' What do you say , Buck ? ' - Twiki ? We 're both here , Captain Rogers . Welcome home , as it were . - Thanks , Theo . - Bidibidi . Listen , there 's only one guy that matters . He 's at the back running the whole show . You see him on the scanner ? If we knock him out , the rest 'll turn tail , I guarantee . Sounds like you 're the red dog who 's gonna sack the quarterback . - You got it . - OK , squadron , in we go . 'And listen to Buck , he 's calling the plays . ' - The squadron from Earth ? - That is correct . Eight ? There 's only eight of them . Eight of them against all of us ! Keep your eyes on that turkey in the back . He 's the one we want . You guys open a hole , I 'll nail him . OK , take out these tackles . What are they doing ? These Earth people fight like madmen . Madmen or not , it seems to be working . Prepare my personal cruiser . Just to be safe . Go ! - Duke , coming at you , two o 'clock . - I see him . - I got him . - I believe we 're being pursued . ( Twiki ) Curse you , Red Baron ! Stop them , you fools ! Nice double-teaming , whoever you are . Gordon 's the name . Thanks . - Have we met ? - I don 't think so . We 're from different times . I told you , Kaleel has called for his escape craft . This is our chance . It 's our only chance . Ryma , there are so few of us . And so few of them . Most of them are in space . This is our chance while the armada is losing and Kaleel is uncertain . All right , let 's go . Come on , let 's go . It 's ready . Bidibidibidi . Eat lead , sucker ! Lead ? What lead ? Twiki , what are you talking about ? There 's your hole , Red Dog . Quarterback 's all yours . Your challenge is accepted . Galen ! They 've lost Galen . The armada 's just breaking apart and running . My cruiser . I must get to my cruiser . Buck , we did it ! We did it ! It worked ! - ' We did it ! ' - Nice shooting , Captain Rogers . Thanks , Major . Twiki . - Where 'd you learn to shoot like that ? - I 've done that since before you were born . - You think so ? - Young man , I know so . Come on , we got some cleaning up to do downstairs . Tie them up . How did this happen ? Ryma . She and others stole some weapons , explosives . They 're coming for you . How did it happen ? Kaleel , your cruiser . Come . You ... are a dead man , Rogers . I am ? Don 't be afraid of him . The only way he can harm you is if you 're afraid of him . That 's right . That 's why you couldn 't kill Ryma , isn 't it ? Stay back . She didn 't believe in you . Even those who hated you believed in you , so they died . Stay back . Your people 's faith is what 's real , not your power . Stay back . Go ahead , Kaleel , kill me if you can . ( Astonished chattering ) By the way , I know where you can get a good lawyer . I was being used by Kaleel . By Julio , by everyone . I had no idea . Obviously I am totally unsuited for this position . The Food Directorate will have my resignation . The same mistake as always ! Quit avoiding responsibility . Clean up Vistula yourself . I can 't . - I don 't know how . - Regis does . Part of the reason he was taking cadet training was to avoid those things he saw happening on Vistula . I always listened to Julio . Never to my own son . I can 't blame you for hating me all these years . But now , will you help me now ? You and Ryma both . Of course we will . I have a feeling Vistula 's in very good hands . I think that means we 're excused . - I feel like celebrating . Let 's do something . - Sorry , I already have plans . - How about you ? - I 'm the one she 's got plans with . Let 's get something straight right now . - You 're coming with us . - Yeah ? Yeah ! Yeah , well ...
