 'The year is 1987 'and NASA launches the last of America 's deep-space probes . 'In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck " Rogers , 'are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems 'and returns Buck Rogers to Earth 500 years later . ' 'Starfighter patrol to Lisa 's Dream , decelerate , Lisa 's Dream . ' - Decelerate or we 'll fire . - Pulling out of range . That ship is stolen property . Where 's that old ship all getting that speed ? - They know who 's after them . - Wesley , Clayton , clam up . What 's a clam ? Never mind . Colonel Deering , may I speak to you , please ? What 's the problem ? I volunteered to train our two friends in flight manoeuvres , not chase procedures . But it 's easier for us to go after that freighter than to scramble pilots on the ground . - This better be important . - They 're headed for Necrosis IV . Inside that asteroid belt ? Affirmative . If we don 't catch them now we never will . Full speed . Enemy fighters ! Scatter ! - I 'm hit ! - Hold it together , Clayton . - What 's your damage ? - Minimal . Next time , watch for rear attacks as well . Yes , Colonel . - I 'm going after ' em . - I 'm with you . They 've gone into the asteroids . Clayton , Wesley , fall back ! They 're going in too fast . - What do we do now ? - We go home . What are you doing , Alicia ? Your mind is always off somewhere . Five years I 've owned you and you 're always dreaming with your eyes open . If the market for Terran servants wasn 't so depressed I 'd sell you . ( sighs ) Well , don 't just stand there - brush ! You were smiling . You think I 'm hideous . You think you 're better than me because you have two normal hands . Well , I can rectify that . ( Beeping ) Yes ? 'Commander Corliss is back with the freighter from Earth . ' Thank you . Welcome home . - Did you have any problems ? - No . The Directorate 's security was to protect the contents of the freighter , not the ship . Huer did send four Starfighters after me but they were destroyed when they tried to penetrate the asteroids . When can we launch our attack ? As soon as the gas is loaded into the missile containers . It 's three years since Wilma Deering 's squadron tried to destroy us . Three years . I dream about that cabin fire every night . The flames , the heat ... The pain . As do I. But we 're going to pay them back . Within three days , all the people on Earth will die . Was that lousy freighter worth the lives of two cadets ? They were just kids ! They had no business being out there ! I didn 't want them hurt any more than you did . I 'm sorry , it 's been a long day . Buck , that freighter was scheduled to be flown into deep space and destroyed . Look at this and tell us if it was worth their lives . - This is a video inventory of what was on it . - 20th-century weapons ? From an arsenal discovered near the country 's ancient capital ... - Washington DC . - Washington DC . Could those old weapons possibly be a threat to Earth ? Those are nerve gas canisters , Wilma . Drop one of those into our atmosphere , we 'd all be dead within a week . Oh , boy . Yeah , I 'd call it a threat . That freighter was for Necrosis IV , so Corliss and Trent are probably responsible . Which also means that that nerve gas isn 't just a threat . They 'll use it . - Because of me . - Let me explain , Buck . Corliss and Trent are gunrunners , with a base in the Necrosis asteroids . Several years back they sustained severe injuries while resisting arrest , for which they swore revenge against Colonel Deering . We have to destroy that base and that nerve gas . Immediately . Well , how will we penetrate that asteroid belt ? Noah Cooper . But he 's retired ! Yes . But he knows the Necrosis belt better than Corliss . - But , Doctor ... - You need a guide , Colonel . Talk to him . That 's an order . Yes , sir . Seemed a bit hard on her , didn 't I ? Perhaps I was , but we 've had this discussion before . When it comes to Noah Cooper ... she just doesn 't think very clearly . Go with her , but let me give you a little background . Colonel Deering 's father flew with Noah 's Earth Space Marine Squadron , and Noah was her first flight instructor . He was very helpful to her early in her career . Helped to develop her , and they formed a deep bond of friendship . And then the squadron got old , Noah got old . Last year she gave them their annual physical fitness test and she had to fail them . All of them . Including Noah . And now you 're asking her to ask him to come out of retirement . - You 've put her in a difficult position . - Perhaps . But it 's imperative Noah help us . All right . I 'll see what I can do . Well , Twiki , Captain Rogers has his work cut out for him . Bidibidi . It 's in the bag . Bidibidi . - Pardon me ? - Bidibidi . Everything 's copacetic . - Bidibidi . - Copa-what ? Bidibidi . Forget it . I trust Buck . Bidibidi . ( ♫ Lounge music ) Hi , Plato . He should be here by 1800 hours . He spends a lot of time here . It 's not gonna be easy , is it ? Noah 's just too old to go into space again . Even in the 25th century , they still throw people on the scrapheap cos of their age . Buck , I didn 't want to ground him . It 's just that he wasn 't ... he wasn 't capable any more . And I didn 't want to see him get hurt . Wilma Deering . Hi , Noah . What , no hug ? Since when did you greet me without a hug ? No matter what 's happened , I still love you , Dizzy D , remember that . Dizzy D ? Hi . Name 's Noah , as in Noah Cooper . - Hi . Name 's Buck , as in Buck Rogers . - Buck . - Dizzy D ? - We 've called her that since she was tiny . She used to hang round , get into everything - drove us dizzy . So we called her Dizzy Deering , Dizzy D for short . Now she 's grown up - old enough to take a man 's silver eagles off him . Noah , I ... Hey , Cooper , you ready to take your whipping ' playing Ten And Eleven ? - Sure , Red . Sorry , got a game waiting . - Noah , I ... You know how important that kind of thing is to us ... older people . Noah , please listen to me for a moment . We gonna play in the dark , Red , or what ? ' Hey , happy birthday ! - Happy birthday ! I don 't like parties or presents , and I don 't like being reminded of how old I am . But thanks . Thank you . Well , as long as we 're here ... Buck , meet what 's left of the 69th Earth Space Marine Squadron . Sergeant " Big Red " McMurty . Hiya , Big Red . Nice to meet you . - Corporal Schultz . MK to most . - MK . - Lieutenant Harriet Twain . My husband , Eli . - Glad to meet you . - ( Barking ) - That 's Lucky , our mascot . Hiya , Lucky . How are ya ? I 'm Captain Buck Rogers . It 's nice to meet all of you . And you all know Colonel Deering . I came to ask you to guide a squadron through the asteroids around Necrosis IV . We 're gonna destroy Corliss 's base once and for all . I can 't . My peripheral vision is shot . Remember , Colonel ? Wait a minute . I understand your feelings but that base has to be destroyed . You 're not gonna penalise Earth for what Wilma did in the line of duty ? All right , we 'll do it . And when I say we , I mean all of us , the Fighting 69th . You know what we could do ? Convert Seymour Class cargo sleds into Star Belly Bombers . That 's the ship we used years ago . Give us 12 hours to equip these sleds with tail gun turrets , another 12 to train , and we can attack Necrosis IV in two days . After which , we will all want our silver eagles back . ( Lucky barks ) But you 're all mandatory retirement age . - They don 't look a day over 60 . - Retirement is 85 . 85 ? That 's the deal . I lead my old squadron through those asteroids or I lead nobody . Then forget it . Corliss would cut you to pieces . ( Roxanne ) How much longer ? They 've started loading the gas into the missiles . They 'll be ready in 48 hours . I 'll get word to our people on Earth that they have two days to evacuate . Our spy in New Chicago is still trying to discern how much the Defense Directorate knows . Huer could know everything and it wouldn 't matter . They can 't stop us . It 's only a matter of time before the Earth is destroyed . Why , Alicia , you still have feelings for your home world ? Ahh ! Surely all your family must be dead by now ? And if they 're not , they soon will be . Nine runs , you didn 't hit the target once . I didn 't see you do any better . And that was a safe and sane practice run . What do we do when there are enemy fighters all around ? Maybe we should stick to throwing birthday parties . Go on and get some rest . - Do you still want to go with us ? - Sure . A bad dress rehearsal 's always a good sign . I monitored your runs - nine runs , nine misses . Don 't say anything , you 'll make it worse . Noah is using 20-year-old cargo sleds , 30-year-old bombs and 85-year-old pilots . How can I make it worse ? When I was in the air force we disposed of a lot of nerve gas . Noah 's old-fashioned incendiaries are the best way to deal with old-fashioned nerve gas . Dr Huer was wrong . Why don 't you and Noah face that before you get killed ? Why don 't you be honest with yourself ? - What do you mean ? - You love that old man and you 're so afraid he 'll get hurt it 's clouding your judgment . That was our spy in New Chicago . She says the Defense Directorate is planning a bombing attack within days . ( Laughs ) A bombing attack ? Huer 's insane . No , he 's desperate . He knows that when the nerve gas leaves here his chances of destroying all our ships are practically nil . How can anyone navigate the asteroids in bombers ? We 've just seen how difficult it is for Starfighters . Even if they penetrate the asteroids , they don 't stand a chance against our pulsar batteries . Their pilots are committing suicide . Alicia , fill the commander 's glass . I 'm sorry , am I interrupting you ? Well , what do we have here ? A memory globe . Probably the only reminder she has of her former world . She 's managed to hide it from me all these years . Watch , Alicia . Watch what 's going to happen to your world . Watch . Finish this for me , will you ? I wish you all the very best of luck . You know how important this mission is so there 's very little left for me to say . Except that I 'll see you - all of you - when you get back . - Does Wilma know we 're going ? - Yes , but she 's been keeping to herself . I must admit , I am surprised she isn 't here to see you off . Bidibidi . - She must have made other plans . - ( Lucky barking ) Er ... Noah , I 've been against your leading this mission all along , I still am , but it 's because ... I didn 't want to find out what it would be like not to have you around . And that goes for all of you too . So maybe you 'd better take me along , to keep an eye on you . ( Barking ) Bidibidibidi . Looks like I got myself a new copilot . Come on . - Comfortable , Harriet ? - I 'd rather be dropping bombs . ( Whistling ) - Piece of pacifier ? - Thanks . ( Humming ) Thank you for setting me straight about how I feel about Noah . Think nothing of it , Dizzy D. Here comes the tough part - this will make that bombing run seem easy . Stay close behind me and do exactly what I do . And watch for falling rocks . Phew ! Enemy craft approaching . Moving through the asteroids . The attack force from Earth . There are only three of them . If they get through the asteroids they won 't get any further . Ready the squadron . Just a little further , kids . Doing fine . Reminds me of my playground back home . OK , start breathing again , everyone . Stop breathing , we got company ! Tight T formation . Look alive , tail gunners . - You take over . - Got it . Yahoo ! Who 's old ? I 'm not old . 'They 're shooting from their tails . ' They 've modified sled class bombers . Go beneath them , attack their bellies . 'Yes , sir . ' Low-level bombers . They 're ancient . But they could fly in below our pulsar screens . They 'll never get that far . Nice shot , Big Red , but they 're sending reinforcements . Retreat temporarily to the asteroids . - Buck , we 're losing control ! - All right . Hang on ! All right . Bring her up slowly . OK , all systems returning to green . Prepare to rendezvous with Noah . She 's sluggish but we can finish the mission . ( Man ) ' Surrender at once or be destroyed . 'Proceed to vector 9 , 4-K-V , coordinate C. 'We will tractor beam you into the hangar . ' You hear that , Noah ? They 've been captured ! - I heard . - What do we do , Noah ? What can we do ? We 've lost them . We 've lost them . - You wanted to speak with me , Dr Huer ? - Yes , come in , please . Put me on the desk , Twiki . I think I 'm going to be here a while . - Bidibidi . So do I. - I 've just heard from Major Cooper . He 's about to start his attack on Corliss 's base . I thought they were to have done so by now . They were engaged by enemy fighters when they broke through the asteroids . They had to regroup . They lost Colonel Deering and Buck . Oh , my . Major Cooper fears they 're being held on the base . He also knows he has to go through with the bombing anyway . Two chances left to destroy the nerve gas while it 's still on Necrosis IV . Frankly , I expected to have this chat right after they took off . You did want to discuss alternatives should their mission fail , did you not ? There 's no harm in hoping they 'd succeed . There 's little else we can do . - That 's not quite true . - Come now , Dr Theopolis , surely you don 't think Corliss will send a squadron to Earth to release the nerve gas ? He 'll send his ships individually and even if we destroy them all the odds are that one will come close enough to our atmosphere to poison it . I was referring to the fact that we must take steps to see that Earth 's leadership survives . Obviously , nerve gas will have no effect on us computers , but you humans ... Yes . Yes , I know . I know . I 'll alert Maintenance to ready the Omega Complex , but in the meantime , you and I , Dr Theopolis , must decide which of Earth 's population will live and which will die . It 's a dreadful task , but we must ... Twiki , where are you going ? Bidibidi . Bidibidi . Bidibidi . I know that , but ... Bidibidi . Bidibidibidi . - What was that all about ? - He was upset that we assumed . Captain Rogers is never coming back . We really must continue , Dr Huer . We 're low on fuel and time , Noah . We 've got to attack . We can 't , Wilma and Buck are down there . And Corliss will be attacking Earth while we 're here . I 've got to take that risk . You can 't afford to . Dr Huer is counting on us . It 's an ammunition dump . If we bomb it , Dizzy D and Buck won 't have a chance . Neither does the Earth , unless we attack . The scanner indicates no movement outside the asteroids . The Terrans must be drifting around in orbit inside the belt . Whatever 's left of them , that is . That 's right . You haven 't seen your handiwork , have you ? Take a good look , Colonel . I 'm sure you 've heard how eager we 've been to thank you . ( Groaning ) Yes . Welcome , Colonel Deering . It 's been a long three years . You were smuggling weapons to hostile colonies . It was my duty to stop you . - Who 's your friend , Colonel ? - Buck Rogers . Roxanne Trent . My pleasure . Have you ever been in a fire , Rogers ? Or should I say , have you ever been on fire ? No , I can 't say that I have . Do you know what pain is , Rogers ? There are all kinds of pain . No . I 'm talking about a pain that 's so intense the only way to stop it is to have its source removed . Had a toothache once . If you 'd surrendered you could have been treated at any number of good clinics . And spend the rest of our life in detention ? With no hope of revenge ? Oh ! How you are going to wish we had surrendered , Colonel Deering . Alicia , bring me the torch . I said , bring me the torch . Now you 've captured me you have no reason to harm anyone else . Let Buck go . And give up any idea you might have had of attacking Earth . And let all that nerve gas go to waste ? Your grudge is with me . Our grudge is with whomever we please . And if the possibility of us murdering innocent people upsets you , Colonel , all the better . You 're criminals . You were smuggling contraband three years ago . Those weapons were outlawed because they were dangerous , but all you cared about was the price the Arcturans paid for weapons . Any weapons ! You didn 't care how flammable or unsafe they were . Whether you admit it or not , you deserved what you got . - Alicia , what are you doing ? - She 's talking . She can 't talk . She doesn 't have the mind for it . She might not be able to hear or speak but she can talk . And she has a mind . It 's OK . Stop that . I don 't want her to talk . Get out of here . It 's all right , Roxanne . They talk with their hands . Behind his back . And the Colonel ? Tie her feet . What happened when you shot down our ship , Colonel , was this . The cargo exploded . I tried to seal off the cabin , fell into the hold and became a living torch . Roxanne managed to pull me out , finally . Though you can see for yourself at what price . Neither of you can ever understand what we went though , unless you were to go through it yourselves . You will play me . And Rogers will play Corliss . No , let Buck go . Do whatever you like to me , I don 't care . That 's the point - you care for him . Enough to beat the flames out with your bare hands . Keep your hands to yourself , Wilma . You 've got better things to do with them . Commander ! There 's movement in the asteroids ! The Terrans are attacking again . Send a squadron to intercept them . Most of our fighters are armed with nerve gas missiles . There are only two ships , we should have no problem . Commander , the first attack left us with only four ships . Ah ! Take them to the holding room . - We 're out of time , Noah . - We 've got to attack now . Maybe Dizzy D was right , you shouldn 't have taken this assignment . Yeah , maybe you 're too old and too scared . Damn it , you all love her too . - Of course we do , Noah ! - But we 've got work to do . We 're going down . Wait till the PCs are up full and then follow me in , Big Red . Roger . That 's what a Marine likes to hear . About to either be bombed or tortured . Bet you 've never been in this situation before . Can 't say that I have . - Sorry I got you into this . - That 's all right . Never a dull moment with you , Wilma . That 's why I keep you around . Don 't worry , we 'll get out of this . If you buy that , I 've got a corner lot for you in Antarctica . How 'd you learn sign language ? It 's only for children born deaf . Someone taught me in the 20th century . You 've seen it before ? Yes , but there 's really no need to learn it . Deafness is usually cured in childhood . Did you learn it from a friend or relative ? A friend . She was a teacher for handicapped kids . I used to help out on field trips . I think we 've got a visitor . She 's gonna help us . We 're to distract the guards and stay close to the entry . I think that could be arranged . ( ♫ Slinky music ) Hi . I sure like men in uniforms . It 's true , she does . ( Sighs ) Mmm . You 've got the cutest blue eyes . You think there 's any way we could ... get together ? When do you get off duty ? I 'm talking to all three of you . - She likes you . - You three have a date tonight ? All right , just keep quiet The excitement 's over . Gentlemen , into the cell , if you please . - What do you think ? - I think they should strip . Wilma ! You heard what the lady said . - ' They got Tryon , I 'm the only one left . ' - You said they were outnumbered ! It 's the tail mounts they 're using , our fighters can 't deal with them . 'One of them is damaged - I 'm going after it . ' Noah , how bad are you hit ? Scorpion , 155 degrees . Bring us around - I can 't sight him up ! He 's closing in ! Yee-hoo ! Good shooting , Harriet ! That 's all of them . Look at that , nothing but empty sky down there . - We got all of them . - Now we can drop some bombs . All right , listen . Red , I want you to make the first run . I 'll make sure these controls are operational . 'They 've got pulsar batteries down there . 'What we have to do is come in low enough to fly beneath them . ' Long and low , that 's our approach . - Once you 're there , just let ' em drop . - I 'm ready . Just give me the go sign . She 'll understand , Noah . They 'll both understand . You 're clear , Big Red . Go . One of them is positioning itself for a bombing run . Ready the pulsar batteries . Lock in the defence system . They 'll never get close enough . Should we prepare an escape vessel ? Pulsar batteries deployed . - The bomber 's still coming . - Do as you see fit . Remove the gas missiles from one of the fighters and prepare it for immediate launch , quickly ! Our sled is through that door . You two go first , and take it easy , OK ? Go . Both of you , come with me . - I said come with me ! - Run ! Stop them ! Tell them to let them go . Tell them to let them go . I have no qualms about firing . Neither do I , Rogers . Steady . - Steady . - ( Humming ) Steady . More left . Stop humming . More left . Got it . Bomb away . Bye , Dizzy D. You fool , that 's an ancient signalling device ! Get the message ? Get the door ! You , get over there . - You missed . - If you 'd stop the humming ... Humming ? I 'm not humming . - Big Red to Mother 1 . - We saw , Big Red . Come on back up , now it 's our turn . Hold it steady . We 're almost there . Second bomber approaching ! We 're trapped in here ! Steady ... - Noah , Harriet . - Yes , Eli ? I just wanted to say I ... I love you both . - Ready ? - Right . Hang on . Bomb away . This one 's gonna hit ! 'A hit ! By god , a hit ! ' Noah , you did it ! Noah Cooper , you did it ! 'Keep it down out there . ' 'Dizzy D - I mean , Colonel Deering . ' And friends . Still think we 're too old , Colonel ? Maybe I am , but you 're not . You 've got an apology coming , Major Cooper . Noah ? Come in , Major Cooper . Noah , why don 't you answer me ? They 're gone . Welcome ! Welcome home . I just heard , you destroyed the base . Congratulations . Buck , Colonel , you should have sent me a subspace message . All the Federation leaders would have met you . - All of Earth is eternally grateful . - Glad to hear it . Well , who is this we have here ? Doc , this is Alicia . We picked her up on the way back . It 's a long story . I 'm very pleased to meet you . Where 's Noah and the Twains ? The base went up like a 50-megaton bomb . Bidibidibidi . We brought something Major Cooper asked for . To be given to you on your return . Twiki ? - Thank you , Twiki . - Bidibidibidibidi . ( Wilma ) Silver eagles . You 'll be reinstated to active duty as soon as possible . Thank you . 'Ready approach on tube 1-0-1 . ' What 's coming in at this hour ? '69th Squadron cleared for approach . ' Did he say 69th ? 'Sorry about being late . ' - Noah ? - Where 'd he come from ? 'We got blown back into the asteroids . 'We had a little trouble but we 're all fine . ' Bidibidibidi . Hot stuff . 'If Dizzy D 's around , ask her if she still thinks I 'm too old for this . ' - Harriet . - Oh , thank you . - Eli . - Cheers . I took it upon myself to update the annual fitness test . I hope you don 't mind . Not at all , you saved me the trouble of doing it . - Isn 't that so , Doctor ? - Yes , indeed . - You wanna dance , Wilma ? - Thank you , no , Twiki . Ah , nuts . Where 's Buck ? He 's late for his own party . At the Registry . I think he 's trying to find Alicia 's parents . He couldn 't pull off a miracle like that ? He could . I know you 're wondering where I 've been . Five years ago , this young lady was kidnapped from her family . May I present them to you ? - You 've been busy , haven 't you ? - I have . I also dropped by the Medical Directorate - Alicia 's having surgery next month . She 'll be able to hear in no time . - ( Twiki ) That 's nice . - She 'll have some adjusting to do . - Would you like to dance ? - Why not ? Great ! Twiki , I 've just found you a dance partner . ( Twiki ) Buck , can I lead ?
