 What do you want in return for the energiser ? I want you . What did you promise her in return for that energiser ? - Two agro ships are destroyed . - The third ? ( Tigh ) She suffered heavy damage . Lost her airlock . ( Apollo ) Father . ( Adama ) The Borays are coming . You are in as much danger as we are . 'There are those who believe 'that life here 'began out there , 'far across the universe , 'with tribes of humans 'who may have been the forefathers of the Egyptians 'or the Toltecs or the Mayans . 'Some believe that there may yet be brothers of man 'who even now fight to survive 'somewhere beyond the heavens . ' Prepare to attack Colonial warriors . - How many got by our intercept ? - ( Boomer ) ' l counted six . ' Hopefully the Galactica will get them before they do much damage . ( Apollo ) ' This is Blue Leader , come in Galactica . ' This is Galactica , Blue Leader . Put on your bracers and hang on . A few of them got through . - Order red alert . - Yes , sir . ( Alarm ) Notify all ships in the fleet to expect imminent attack from unknown number of Cylons . Greenbean , form on me . There 's a pair after the agro ships on the perimeter . You would worry about that . Hit those , you 'll have nothing to eat . ( Jolly ) ' That isn 't funny , Greenbean . Hurry . ' Commander , Cylons withdrawing . - All but two destroyed . - All right . - Cancel red alert . - Yes , sir . - Damage report . - You aren 't going to like it . - Two agro ships are destroyed . - The third ? She suffered heavy damage . Lost her airlock . That 's repairable . It 's just like you see . When we lost our airlock , we lost our crop . We won 't be able to force-grow enough to feed our planters , let alone anyone else in the fleet . OK , we 've fixed the airlock . Do you need more planters , more nutrients ? Whatever you need , you 've got it . - We need new seed . - New seed ? New seed . Yes , I know , Colonel , but it 's not a complete disaster . That small planet our advance patrol discovered - in that quadrant nearby ... - Yes ? It appears there 's a small human agricultural settlement there . - That 's too good to be true . - I 've asked Apollo to get an energiser from one of the older ships . - I don 't think I follow . - The point is , there isn 't an outpost in the star system that doesn 't need more power to sustain life . I figure we get an old energiser to trade for new seeds . That 's easy . We have energisers all over this battlestar . They run everything . But they have Colonial markings . What we need is an old energiser with no markings . No one will know who we are and no one can sell us out to the Cylons . - ( Door bleeping ) - Enter . Apollo . Did you find an energiser that might fit the bill ? - Er , yes . - Good . - It was made on Orion . - Excellent ! Perfect . No one would know it 's Colonial . - Er ... - What 's the matter ? The woman who owns it doesn 't want to give it up . - The woman ? - Siress Belloby . Well , we 'll just have to appropriate Siress Belloby 's energiser - and get it to the planet . - She 's not willing to give it up . Captain , to save every man , woman and child from starvation , - we 'll have to talk to her . - That 's exactly what she said . Only she wants Commander Adama to talk to her . What 's the problem ? Just order her to give it up . You don 't understand , Tigh . No one orders Siress Belloby to do anything . ( Apollo ) ' Shuttle requesting permission to dock with Gemini freighter . ' - This won 't work . - This isn 't something you can avoid . - Apollo , you go and you charm her . - Oh , no . ( Woman ) Come in , Adama . All right . Let 's go in . After you . To think I would have the honour of having the great Commander Adama visit me in my humble little dwellings . The pleasure is mine , Belloby . Then please , sit down . - Thank you . - It 's been a long , long time . Flowers ? For me ? Oh , I thought this was a business call . A man can always take the time to recognise the ... beauties of life . Oh , you must need that energiser so badly . Sit . All right , then , let 's negotiate . What do you want in return for the energiser ? Oh , Adama ... After all these years , I think that should be obvious . I want you . ( Apollo ) There 's no reason for you to go . I have been cooped up on this ship for 16 quatrons . I 'm going on this mission and we are now in range . You 're desperately needed here . Apollo , if we don 't have seeds , we don 't have food . If we don 't have food , we will all perish . So please stop making objections and get the launch ready with provisions for five . - Yes , sir . - Yes , sir . Wait a minute . You , me , Starbuck , Boomer ... that makes four of us . Siress Belloby will be going with us . Siress Belloby on a mission ? Uh , Father ... what did you have to promise her in return for that energiser ? I made a promise to court her . I did not specify when or where and I certainly will not embarrass you . So let 's stop this talking , get on with it , get it over with , because we must have those seeds ! ( Tigh ) The planet Sectar . Stand by to launch mission . - ( Muffit barks ) - You 're leaving me alone again ? Er , Boxey , I 'm a warrior . Sometimes I must go on missions to places unsafe for a little boy . Aren 't you just going for fresh seeds ? Yeah , but there 's ... You know something ? You 're right . It 's not dangerous . If Siress Belloby can go , why not you ? - Right ? - And Muffy ? - ( Barks ) - Of course , Muffy . - Yeah ! Yeah ! - ( Barks ) Standing by to launch . All functions transferred to shuttle . Launch . An adventure to a distant star . Oh , isn 't it downright romantic ? ( Adama ) ' As important as our quest for seed , 'the planet our scouts located 'supports a small band of human inhabitants 'perhaps the remnants of pioneers 'who set out yahrens ago from our own Colonies . 'Even more hopefully , they might be descendants of the 13th tribe , 'those elusive brothers of man who might lead us to the planet Earth . ' ( Music and chatter ) ( Woman laughing raucously ) Oh , God ! The moon is up ! The lights . ( Thunder of hooves ) Farnes , I hate to tell you but ... it 's time . As if I didn 't know . You can feel the whole herd coming at us . A lot of good this 'll do . Wouldn 't stop a hedge-hopper . They 're herd creatures . Your mere presence 'll stop them from pillaging . It 's their way . All you have to do is stand out there . - Make a show of force . - Is that what the last constable did ? The one before him ? The one before him ? If there 's one thing this town despises more than the Borays , it 's cowardice . Once a man accepts that badge ... I know , I know . He 's got it for life . However long that is . Well , let 's get this over with . ( Snorting ) ( Screeching ) ( Snorting ) ( Thunder of hooves fades ) ( Man ) They got him . ( Woman ) Did they get him ? ( Man ) They got him . ( Woman ) Oh , no . Poor Constable Farnes . - He was one of the best we ever had . - Yeah . I don 't suppose there are ... any volunteers to take Farnes ' place ? ( Woman ) Don 't do it . No , no . You may as well save your breath . Nobody in his right mind is gonna accept that badge . I 'm afraid you 're right , Dipper . We 'll just have to hope and pray that another drifter passes through Serenity before the next high moon . I sure wish I could go with you , Boomer . I could use a little diversion . I hear you guys spotted some lady types on the settlement ... There were a few ... Muffy wanted to know if they had any other daggits around . We 're going to make that a priority probe as soon as Apollo and I get to the settlement . The energiser seems well secured . Let the younger men worry about the energiser . This is a time for intoxicating scenery , unfiltered air and letting our emotions soar and ... - Ahem . I hate to interrupt ... - No , no , that 's all right . Boomer and I are ready to go . No , I want you to stay here . You 've spent little enough time with Boxey and me . Let them get on with their mission . I guess you heard him ! Get in the sled and get going . I was hoping we might have had a chance to be alone . Well , we must be very careful not to lose our way of getting off this planet . If anything happened to our ship , that would be the end of everything . You mean we 'd have to ... You mean we 'd have to spend the rest of our lives on this quaint little planet ? - Oh ! Just the two of us ? - Ah , well ... - ( Engine starts ) - Back before you know it . - See that you are . - Good luck ! ( Muffit barks ) Well , at least we have this time alone . Belloby , please , not in front of the children . Looks like the only place that 's open , Boomer . ( I Barrel organ music from within ) It doesn 't sound like the sort of place one goes to trade an energiser for seed . Well , we gotta start asking questions someplace . Looks like another full moon tonight , Dipper . Don 't look at me . Unless we find a down-on-his-luck prospector or some poor unwitting strangers , we are just out of luck . Boomer , we 're in luck . This is my kind of town . Well , well ... What have we here ? Er , excuse me . They told us you 're the man to see . That depends . - My name 's Bogan . - Starbuck . This is my friend Boomer . We 're looking for someone to talk to about an agron purchase . - You boys farmers ? - Er , yep . Er , my father and I run a forced nitron field in the next quadrant and ... we 've suffered some reversals . - That right ? - Blight . And we need some fresh seed grain . And we couldn 't help noticing your bins are brimming full . We were hoping for the possibility of a trade-off . That 's an interesting idea . A couple of strong young fellas like you would fit in with our needs . No , we weren 't talking about us . We 're talking about an energiser . - How much power ? - 5,000 kilons . - 5,000 kilons ... - I don 't think that 'd fit into our plans . But practically every outpost in this star system is always crying for more power . Really ? That gives you a lot of places to make deals in , huh ? Well , that 's it ? We can 't even talk about it , sir ? Why not take a look at her ? She 's got a clean , steady current . I 'm sorry , fellas . I 'd like to help you . If you want to discuss staying on , doing a job in exchange for seed ... I 'm sorry , we haven 't got time . Our crops are in trouble ! Maybe some other time , then . Right . Thanks anyway . You know we could use that power . We need those two boys even more . - Now we don 't have either one . - Wrong . Now we have both . What will we tell Adama ? What will we tell the people at the fleet when they hear we couldn 't get seed for food ? Hey , what the ... Frack ! Larcenous , golmonging thieves ! - What is this ? - Lousy golmonging thieves ! Frack ! What the ... Lousy golmonging thieves ! You dirty , rotten crasoneys ! Come back here and fight ! Will you cut the felgercarb and give me a hand ? Of all the stupid ... No point talking about it . We got a long walk ahead . - It 's not that far back to town . - Town ? We 've gotta go tell the Commander . Do that . I 'm going to look for the energiser . I have a pretty good idea who sent them . - Bogan . - Uh-huh . Bogan . Why buy the energiser when you can steal it ? - You got it ! - Take care . Well , Dipper , nice work . Here 's 25 quantums for you and for each of your friends . Thank you , Sire . I want you to know that we were very , very careful not to leave any tracks to lead them back here . - Good . - Excuse me . Well , stranger . - Welcome back . - That 's real hospitable talk , Bogan , but somebody here isn 't so neighbourly . You haven 't noticed anybody come in in the last couple of microns ? People come and go around here . What 's your trouble ? - Robbers . - Not in Serenity . Close enough to make it a sure bet it was one of your nice local folk . That 's a serious accusation , young man . I 'll back it up , in time . You 'll have to excuse me . I have a game waiting . Where 's your local law enforcement ? The town constable has ... moved on . - Who 's taking his place ? - The job hasn 't been filled yet . I can tell from your expression what you 're thinking . I 'd be careful about taking the law in my own hands without suitable authority . The people ... The people around here stick together and they don 't like people who don 't have a stake in our problems . If you were willing to stay on for just a while , work , fit in ... I have crops to get back to , people to feed ! But you said that your crops were blighted and that you needed seed . Have you got the money to pay for the seed ? I have some currency I got a yahren ago when we sold our last crop . Ah . Well ... Orion checks , Colonial cubits ... You got a bit of everything . Ah ... Yeah , well ... Seed goes for 12 quantums a lexon . - How much you need ? - At least a thousand lexons . And 12 quantums is kinda high . Well , it is a long way to the next agron outpost . Maybe I can get this currency to grow a little . After all , this is a chancery . - Shouldn 't they be back by now ? - I should 've gone . I scouted the mission . - It was important that you stay . - To protect the camp ? - Yes . - Against what ? - Robbers . - Oh , Boomer ! Thank the Lords of Kobol you 're all right . - Where 's Starbuck ? - He 's fine . - Where 's the seed ? - No seed . - No seed ? - Where 's the powersled ? - It 's gone . - Gone ? - What about the energiser ? - We lost that , too . You lost my energiser ? - We were jumped . - By whom ? It happened so fast . We think it was a bunch from town . Of all the ... Look , lady , I 'd like to see you do any better unarmed with a net over you . Boomer , I 'm sure you both did whatever you could but now we must get to Starbuck . There 's no telling what he 's up against . Jolly , you stay here , guard the shuttle ... take care of Boxey and let 's take our lasers with us . A three-level pyramid . Cry your hearts out . I ain 't never seen a three-level pyramid . - That does it for me . - Now ... I find it very odd that one person can be so lucky . Another odd thing is how you each had the same amount of currency to lose . You all work together someplace ? All farmer workmen here earn uniform compensation . 25 quantums . That 's good pay for farm work . I told you you might like some employment here . Oh . Looks to me like you 're still a little short of buying that seed . Bogan , maybe you 'd care to play with me head to head , as you seem to be the man to beat ? All right , Starbuck . Sounds like a good challenge . ( Grunting ) There it is , Bogan . Put up or give up . I seem to be a little shy here . I ... Tell you what , I 'll challenge . If you agree to accept this as payment . - What 's this ? - A shield made of solid gold . It belonged to a fella who 's gone now . What 's this writing here say ? I ... Yes , the ancient tongue of the people who first colonised this planet . They 've moved on across the star system . It feels right . Excuse me . A fella can 't be too careful away from home . I wondered how he would get him to accept that badge . You mean , he 's gonna let him win it ? It doesn 't matter how it comes into your possession . Once you accept it , you accept all that goes with it . This is what you get when you send boys to do men 's work . Belloby , please keep your voice down . Those boys know exactly what they 're doing . If you kiss me , I 'll tell you where the powersled is . - What ? - Well ... do you want our people to starve ? Belloby ... if this is some kind of a joke , it 's a bad one . You 're right , Adama . Think of it as a small celebration for finding the energiser . I 'm sorry I had to force you to do it . But you know something ? It was worth it . Oh , Belloby ... Bargaining isn 't ... begging . I 'm very glad we had this time , too . But that time is running out . Where is the energiser ? - You 're practically standing on it . - Hm ? I found the streaks from the powersled and they led right up to that old shed over there . Belloby ! Well , I ... - I guess this is all mine . - Yes . - Congratulations , Constable . - The name 's Starbuck . Congratulations , Constable Starbuck . I don 't think I ... Who 's in charge here , please ? Sire Bogan . - Sire Bogan ? - That 's right . I 'm Squire Adama , Lord of Bellarium . Who 's in charge of law and order ? Ah , well . There he is . You 're looking at him . There 's your man . Constable Starbuck . How do you get into these fixes ? I was trying to find the guys that robbed us . And you expected to find them at a card game . Where else ? My number one suspect was in a card game . I thought I could catch him with his guard down . And what did you get out of it ? A badge you can 't afford to wear , a loss of time and the loss of perhaps innumerable people . Ah . I see you 've moved in . Excellent . There 's little time . The moon is almost full . Sire Bogan . You appear to be a reasonable man . - I like to think so . - Good . Because we can ill afford to lose even one valuable man . - A mere boy . - I can sympathise with that . - We have the same problem . - Then you 'll let him resign . Can 't do that . It 's against the law . No , Constable is a lifetime appointment . ( Adama ) That 's absurd ! I mean , you don 't even know this boy ! And he was never appointed ! He accepted the badge of office . As for knowing him ... you seem like nice people , you want him back so bad , he 's got to be all right . If Constable is a lifetime commitment , how is it you 're without one ? - Didn 't you say the last one left town ? - I said he departed . I didn 't say to where . Fact is , he died in office . After a lifetime of service to his people . An eminently respectable position . Half the people in town would cherish it . - Half the people in town have had it . - That 's impossible . You 're contradicting yourself . If you can 't resign and half the people have held the office ... - Not the half that 's still alive . - Beg your pardon ? All right , look . You might as well know . We are an endangered species here . Ever since the Borays saw it was easier to steal food than grow their own , we 've been losing our lives . Why don 't you get rid of the odorous vermin ? ( Scoffing ) That 's easier said than done . We 're not well armed here . If the Borays weren 't herd creatures , who follow their leader Nogow no matter what , we 'd all be dead . They follow their leader no matter what ? We leave our food bins unprotected , they head for them and they rob us , unmolested . If any of them get the idea of riding into town for a drink or , shall we say , companionship , our constable stands at the head of the street and he heads them off with a few carefully placed shots . So when the leader turns away , the others follow him . Then one or two Borays ride past him and they grab a couple of our females but ... mostly we just lose a little grain . And , of course , the constable . L ... I don 't feel so well . Don 't you worry now . Don 't you worry . We won 't allow you to jeopardise your life for them . They know perfectly well that they ... they tricked you into this job . My dear sir , I am afraid you don 't understand the situation . You are in as much danger as we are as long as you 're here . And there isn 't much time . - What do you mean by that ? - You know the Borays . When the moon is full , it 's time to eat . Father , come with me . You , too , Constable , since you 're the law in this town . ( Clattering ) Look , Belloby . Get back in the jail . Find a cell and hide in some dark corner . I will not cower on the floor like some infant daggit . Do as you 're told . It 's an order ! We 'll make our stand at the edge of town . ( Snorting and roaring ) ( Thunder of hooves ) ( Apollo ) Here they come . Holy frack , they could shake us to death . Fire in front of them . NOW ! - ( Apollo ) They 're still coming ! - Now what ? Take cover ! ( Screeches ) I 'm not gonna stand here and let Adama handle them all alone . OK . Aaaah ! Sire Bogan ! Sire Bogan ! Sire Bogan ! - They 've captured our woman . - Oh , Lord , no . They got Belloby ? You 're not ordinary farmers . There 's only one legendary brigade in the whole universe that could 've matched the courage I just witnessed . I 'm honoured to be in the presence of warriors from the great Colonies . Look , I have to apologise for deceiving you into saving our town but we 're desperate people here . Anyway ... you 're not like us . You know what you have to do and I salute you for it . Any communication from the surface yet ? No , sir . No word as yet . The Commander should have gotten that seed by now . The path that we 've indicated to you is the only one we know leading into the Boray Canyon . Unfortunately , we can 't describe to you how to find their camp . That 's right . No one 's ever made it back to tell us . - You may need these . - We won 't have any trouble . Come here , Muffy . Come here . Sorry to have to borrow you but we need your tracking sensors . Our prayers go with you . And to the woman you love . ( Clears throat ) Much obliged . They 've seen their last days . They 'll never be back . Hope they make it , Dipper . They 're brave men . Bogan says the Borays do a lot of carrying on and chanting after a raiding party . That 'll be a help . Muffy , find Belloby . Find Belloby . ( Barks ) We 're being watched . ( Adama ) Yes , I know . We have been for some time now . ( Barks ) Get the torches . ( Barks ) Nogow , their leader , seems to be the key . If we get him to listen to us , the rest might follow him . Yes , he 's the one , all right . If he weren 't so lazy , the Borays wouldn 't be stealing their food . Commander . They let us come this far . Maybe they want to avoid a confrontation . Father . It looks like it 's all over but I 'm not going down without a fight . ( Grunting ) You remain here . - Father ... - It 's all right . ( Grunting ) Talk ? ( Grunts ) Adama ? Oh , thank God ! What courage . What love you must have to come and deliver me . Belloby ... Look ... You love your people . I love my people . ( Snorting ) What 's going on in there ? No one 's a better diplomat than your father . If anyone can make them understand , it 's ... That is the most obstinate , self-centred , opportunistic , selfish , lazy creature I 've ever met in my life . He 's interested in one thing only - his own personal comforts . You can 't bargain with such a creature . - Commander ? - What ? Did you say lazy , self-serving , interested in his own pleasure ? - Exactly . - Could I speak to you , please ? - In private . - All right , make it quick . ( Snorting ) We 've got nothing to lose . No , we don 't have anything to lose . Starbuck , where ... - Father , what was that all about ? - He 's got a plan . It 's a long shot but it 's the best plan we have . - Commander ? - They 're working up to a charge . Apollo , fire a warning round . ( Grunting ) Belloby ... Let 's get away while the getting is good . ( Muffit barks ) Well , this 'll ... this 'll entitle you to all the fresh planting seed that your ship will hold . We 'll help you load so you can be off . Our people will be very grateful . We have many to feed . I 'll speak to the town committee about altering the charter . That is , pertaining to the job of constable being a lifetime job . - Thank you . - We 'll just keep on hiding and dying . Perhaps not. ls Starbuck back yet ? ( Knocking ) Yo ! Bogan . Commander . Good news . There will be no further raids on your food . The Borays will go back to raising their own just like they used to . Your young man has had too much celebration . No , I ... I 've worked out a nice arrangement with my buddy Nogow . My dear young , young man , it 's Nogow who 's the heart of our problem . He 's the good-for-nothing leader that 's turned them into scavengers . That 's right . That 's him . You see , what I proposed is a little trade-out . You make sure he gets all the grain and libation he needs , without ever having to lift a finger or mount a steed , and in return he 's willing to ... take over . Take over ? What ? The town , of course ! No ... My job . - Nogow . - ( Grunting ) No , nothing to worry about . I 'd like you all to meet Serenity 's new constable , Constable Nogow . Somebody buy him a drink . He doesn 't like to be kept waiting . Right this way , Constable Nogow . I knew someday your poor character would come in handy . If only I were a few yahrens younger . ( Belloby ) And you ! If it were up to that diplomatic bilge you tried , I 'd still be in his clutches , which might not have been a bad idea . Listen , I 'm sorry , but I 'm afraid we 've grown in different directions . You 're too refined and dignified . I need somebody at my stage of life ... I need a real animal . Come on , boys , I 'm buying . Thank the Lord . I just couldn 't see myself calling her Mother . ( Adama ) ' Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny , 'the last battlestar , Galactica , 'leads a ragtag fugitive fleet 'on a lonely quest 'a shining planet 'known as Earth . '
