 What 's going on ? - We can 't contact the prison barge . - What ? - Landing bay is under attack . - The so-called Alliance representatives have just captured Alpha landing bay and the Council . If we have Adama , they may not attack us . Adama , launch at once ! Repeat , launch at once ! ( Adama ) ' Since the return of our warriors 'with prisoners from the Alliance of the planet Terra , 'the fleet has been in a state of confusion . ' lf this Terra is the planet Earth we seek , our flight across the universe may have been in vain , for we will have eluded the Cylons only to be faced by an equally oppressive human enemy . As usual of late , the Council , led by Sire Domra , is in total opposition to me . They wish to release the prisoners and have an unarmed peace envoy return with them to Lunar Seven . I 'm afraid the Council will repeat the mistakes that led to the Cylons destroying our Colonies . I am determined that shall not happen again , so long as I am in command . 'l have ordered the fleet to full alert 'while I shuttle to the prison barge to interrogate personally 'those Eastern Alliance enforcers . ' Prison barge , shuttle requesting landing instructions . 'Shuttle , this is prison barge approach control . 'You are cleared to land in Beta bay . ' Understood . Cleared for Beta bay . Commandant Leiter , I am Commander Adama . I trust you and your men have been properly treated . I demand the release of my crew and ship . You have no right to detain us . You are in no position to issue demands , Commandant . However , if you would like to take a seat and answer a few questions , I would be willing to discuss your eventual release . Very well . I would particularly like to know why the Alliance tried to destroy every human being on the planet Paradeen ? They are Nationalists . We are at war with them . Nationalists ? What are Nationalists ? People who want to change the natural order . The natural order being whatever the Alliance dictates ? The natural order of the universe simply is . There can be no disputing it . Forgive me , Commander , but for a technically advanced people , you really are quite ignorant . I could grow to dislike this man . What do you mean , " grow to " ? Forgive me my ignorance . Perhaps you would explain this natural order of yours ? All life forms in the universe fall into two classifications . Call them what you will - predator and prey , intelligent and ignorant , the conquerors and the subjugated . Whatever you call them , there are the strong and there are the weak . The Eastern Alliance is the strongest force in the universe . We were created to rule all life as far as it extends , in whatever form , throughout the universe . It is our destiny . And these Nationalists disagree with your natural theory ? It is not a theory , Commander . It is a law of nature . I see . If you are the strongest force in the universe , how do you explain the Galactica ? Your battlestar is quite impressive . However , it is but a single warship . We will dispatch it as the wolf pack does the bear . I don 't know what this wolf pack or bear is . However , I think you would need at least a thousand of those destroyers you fly on Lunar Seven if you intend to engage the Galactica . We have nearly ... I 've answered you . Now I demand we discuss the release of my ship and crew . Commander Adama , your presence is requested at the Council , sir . I will be there as soon as I conclude this interrogation . With all due respect , the Council has ordered the interrogation terminated . Since when does the Council give orders to the Commander ? I just do as I 'm told . - Then I 'm telling you to back off ... - Starbuck . - lnform the Council i 'll be there . - Yes , sir . We will continue this at a later time . It 's been most interesting . - You can 't let them do this . - l am responsible to the Council . That was before the holocaust . We 're under martial law . The fleet 's been under your command since we fled the Colonies . The Council can 't order you around like a cadet . Evidently they don 't seem to agree with that . Perhaps something new has come up . We can 't discuss this in front of a prisoner . Shall we go , or do I have to fly that shuttle myself ? Problems , Commander ? I 'm glad to see you 're in such a good mood today , Baltar . You have mess duty again . I saved some Borellian desert layers for you . They 're not from Borella , but they 're all they raise on that stinking livestock ship . I must speak with you . We can help each other . You can eat now , that 's the last of them . Mind if I join you ? Thank you . You know , of course , who I am . Baltar . No matter. I know you ... and what you 're planning . I also know why you haven 't tried it yet . Oh , you could break out of your cell , but what then ? Where to go ? How to escape pursuit ? You don 't have those answers . I do . - lf you 're not interested ... - Sit . We are listening . See those prisoners behind you ? They 're from an alliance which , in this corner of the universe , may be as powerful as my Cylon friends . They are going to be transferred to the Galactica . And how do you know this ? I ... I have my sources . When the shuttle comes for those prisoners , we will make our break - take the shuttle and escape . - And what of the vipers ? - l have a plan to deal with them . When we reach the Alliance , I 'll be welcomed with open arms . For I know the Galactica , her strengths , her weaknesses , and most important , her commander , Adama . I 'll be treated like a prince and so will those who are with me . is it a bargain ? Your record to date does not exactly inspire confidence . I had incompetent followers . We do not follow , Baltar . Oh , no . No , no , of course not . We 're all comrades , in this together . Good . When the time comes to escape , we will momentarily die . - Die ? - We do many things to survive ... even die . Adama , the time is long overdue for us to honour you for your brilliant leadership in eluding the Cylons . You , more than any other individual , are responsible for our survival . And so the Council has decided to honour you with an award that is equal to your magnificent achievement . An honour that has not been bestowed upon a living colonist in over a millennium . Adama , we are giving you the Star of Kobol . Well , it 's about time . What 's wrong ? You don 't seem too excited . Neither does my father . I am deeply honoured . But I must refuse . Adama , surely you don 't understand what we 're offering . Believe me , Sire Domra , I understand perfectly . This is not a time for honours . Our quest is far from over . The danger is still great . I do not know if this Terra is the planet Earth we seek . I do know it is ruled by humans who are as oppressive as the Cylons . Adama , the vision you offer us is understandably the dark view of a warrior who has led us through terrible times . It is not necessarily the realistic view . Siress Tinia , those Eastern Alliance enforcers are as hostile as any Cylon we 've ever encountered . Perhaps because they were greeted with laser pistols . They greeted us with drawn weapons ! You are not here to address this Council . In fact , I have no idea why you and your military cohort are here . They are here at my request to report on the Eastern Alliance , since you seem to have ignored their written report . We haven 't ignored it , Adama . We simply disagree with it . It is a military evaluation , not a civilian one . Sire Domra has also met with Leiter , and found him willing to negotiate our sending a peace envoy to Lunar Seven . Oh , I 'm certain he was . We have called this session to honour you , not to argue with you . Sire Domra , I do not treat you as a fool , please do not treat me as one . You 've all gathered here to retire me . Now , what other motions have been passed during my absence , in addition to my " award " ? Commander , you have been blunt , so I shall be blunt as well . We have voted to end the emergency declared when the Cylons destroyed our Colonies . From this centon forward , we are reverting to Council control of the fleet . Naturally , you will retain your vote on the Council and command of the Galactica . But ? But a civilian member of this Council will assist you . To assure Council edicts are implemented . And who is to be this " aide " ? I have that honour . - Stuff their edicts ! - l won 't have that kind of talk . If they have their way , we 'll all be in shackles before this is over . I think perhaps the Council is right . When two of my finest warriors forget their oath to obey the civil government , we have been under martial law too long . - l 'm sorry , but what do we do ? - What warriors always do - their job . Keep moving . ( Guard ) Grid deck Epsilon . Yes , sir . The Alliance prisoners are to be moved to the holding grid for transfer . Oh , fine . Why didn 't they tell us when we had them on Beta deck ? All right . Leiter , you and your men hold it . Everyone else , into your cells . What 's wrong with him ? All of you , into your cells , now ! What 's going on ? Lock it up ! Lock it up ! ( Guard ) Keep your lasers on them . It might be a trick . He 's dead . No pulse . None of them has a pulse . Get a medtech down here . Breathing gear , heart stimulator , the works ! Strike ! Good Lord . Captivity has slowed our reflexes . They will improve now that we are free . Commander , the Council is requesting a shuttle to transfer prisoners from the barge to the Galactica . Granted . Select four warriors to act as escort . - Yes , sir . - Just a micron , Colonel . I don 't see the need for a warrior escort , Adama . You don 't ? Those are dangerous prisoners we 're transporting . Tigh . I can 't allow a shuttle to carry prisoners without precaution . I realise that . But Council security will be quite sufficient . That couldn 't prevent an escape from the orphan ship . Colonel , Council security will do . Assign Lieutenants Boomer and Sheba as shuttle pilots . Yes , sir . Thank you , Commander . I really don 't intend to be a burden . I would like for this situation to be as pleasant as possible . Next step ? First destroy the communications centre , then the landing bay . The shuttle will be arriving at any moment . - And then a little trip to the Galactica . - You said Lunar Seven . Yes , after we settle some debts . We 're not getting involved in any personal vendetta . - We must return to our homeland . - We will be challenged and the shuttle is no match for vipers . We must disable the Galactica , or at the very least , take many hostages . Trust me , my friend , I know what I 'm doing . When we land , you two are to stay in the cockpit . Council orders . Next you 'll be telling me I need Council permission to use the turbo-flush . Lieutenant , we know how you feel . But the Council doesn 't want to confront the Alliance representatives . The last time you warriors met them , they came back in shackles . Maybe that 's why you , the Council and this entire fleet are still alive . Shouldn 't we be calling approach control ? " Shouldn 't we be ... " That 's it . Are you crazy ? If you two are going to fly this bird , you 'd better start now . Come on , Boomer , stop fooling around ! All right . No more questions . I promise . Just straighten this thing out ! If I were you , I 'd strap myself in . There 's no telling just how rough the landing might be . You wouldn 't . Prison barge approach control , shuttle requesting landing instructions . Galactica shuttle cleared for landing in Alpha bay . ( Sheba ) ' Understood . Alpha bay . ' ls that the last communication you 'll have with them ? Till they land , yes . They 're as pale as an Orion moon . Serves them right . When we get back , I 'm putting that guy on report . I just want to get back in one piece . That must be them . Commandant Leiter . We 're your escort to the Galactica . - l don 't think so . - Sir ? I believe we are escorting you . They look even paler than when they got off . Well , well . Lieutenant Boomer . How nice to see you . Too bad Starbuck and Apollo aren 't here . I could settle all of my debts at once . - Any news of the shuttle ? - Not a word since they landed . Ask the prison barge if that shuttle has launched . The shuttle is requesting landing clearance right now . Good . Direct them to landing bay Alpha . I believe the Council is meeting our guests there . That is correct . Commander ! We can 't contact the prison barge . - What ? - l 've tried all bands . There 's nothing . Tigh , security status , Alpha landing bay . Council security only , sir . Direct Apollo to take warriors to landing ... Commander , the Council does not want warriors around when they greet the Alliance representatives . Siress Tinia , doesn 't it strike you as somewhat odd that communications with the prison barge are out just as we 're transferring those men to the Galactica ? is this the first time communications have gone out between ships ? - No , but ... - You got a landing clearance request ? Yes . Then I think you are all being paranoid . I am sorry , Commander . No warriors in the landing bay . Council policy . Commander , if you 'll excuse me , my duty period was over a centare ago . - l need some air . - Colonel ... if you decide to take your " air " on the landing bay , I will view it as an act of insubordination . Do I have the Siress ' permission to retire to the Officers ' Club ? You may go anywhere you wish , Colonel , as long as it is not the landing bay . Colonel Tigh is a very good warrior , which I 'm sure you will come to realise in time . Adama , you are all good warriors . But what we need now are good diplomats . A nice , normal landing , Lieutenant . I would hate to bounce ... and have a weapon set off by accident . Mind if I join you ? - No . Have a seat , Colonel . - Thank you . Bring me a double of whatever they 're having . You 're never in here unless you need us for a mission . There 's a first time for everything . Now 's the time for one Colonial colonel to have a little drink . A little drink ? Colonel ... What if the Commander needs you on the bridge ? What for ? We 're safely in the arms of the Council now . Siress Tinia is on the bridge . " On " the bridge ? She 's taken it over . The Council is waiting at landing bay Alpha to welcome those enforcers with open arms . We know . Did you know we lost contact with the prison barge after the shuttle was launched ? - No . - Siress Tinia thinks it of no concern . Didn 't the Commander order warriors to the bay ? Overruled . And I 'll be court-martialled if I take any steps to interfere . - Want to take a walk ? - Yeah , now that you mention it . - Excuse us . - lt wasn 't anything I said , was it ? No . To be honest , we feel uncomfortable drinking with a senior officer . See you . I kind of hoped you would . The micron the hatch opens , you and your men will eliminate all guards and take as many hostages as possible . Don 't worry . We are very good at such operations . I 'm sure you are . Maga , you and your nomen follow me to the lift . We can be on the bridge in a matter of microns . And once we control the bridge ... We control the Galactica . Remember , these people have been mistreated by our warriors . It 's only natural they should feel hostile . We must give them a warm welcome . ( Screaming ) Wait , you 're making a mistake ! We 're your friends ! Doors ! Close the doors ! Bridge , Captain Apollo . - Landing bay Alpha is under attack . - ' Understood . ' - We 're in Beta section and need help . - ' Warriors on the way . ' Baltar , nomen and the enforcers . - At least our enemies are in one place . - including the Council . ( Adama ) Launch Red Squadron . Tell them to prevent any ship from launching without my permission . Cover all hatches above , below and around landing bay Alpha , from Omicron to Zeta , and get Tigh here at once . - Yes , sir . - What 's happened ? The so-called Alliance representatives have just captured Alpha landing bay and the Council . - Baltar and the nomen are with them . - Without Tigh 's warning , they 'd be here . - Where is Colonel Tigh ? - Reporting for duty , sir . Red Squadron launched . Scan coming in from the shuttle . - Transfer to console . - Yes , sir . Adama , you look haggard . Baltar , put down your arms and surrender . You can 't escape . ( Laughing ) You 're wonderful . I have a blade to your throat , and you give orders ? They 're attaching solenite charges to the hull . You must do what he says ... Now , here are your orders , Commander . Release the two Cylon pilots who flew me here , my fighter and the Alliance destroyer . When my comrades and I are safely aboard our ships , the shuttle will launch , then the destroyer and finally my fighter . If the shuttle makes any attempt to return before we are in orbit at Lunar Seven , or if we pick up a single pursuing viper on our scanners , I press this little button ... and blow the shuttle and everyone on board into a million pieces . And when you reach Lunar Seven ? The shuttle will be free to return . Do you think for one centon I believe you ? You don 't have a choice , Adama . If my demands are not followed to the letter within one centare , I 'll kill these hostages one by one in front of you ! Beginning with Lieutenant Boomer . He 'll do it anyway . Take them now , while we still have the ... One centare , Adama . - You can 't put them back together ? - l tried to explain . I deactivated the Cylons who escorted Baltar when we captured him . - So reactivate them . - lt won 't be that easy . I tried to decipher their programming . I thought I could reprogram them from long distances using coded laser beams . I might even be able to stop them from firing on our ships ! I appreciate what you 're doing but we have to reactivate those two Cylons and get them to Baltar before he kills those hostages . Perhaps if I showed you . Now do you understand ? You 're harder on them than I am . You took them apart , you can rebuild them . In a centare ? lmpossible . I don 't care how you do it , just do it . Can we help you ? ( wilker ) impossible . ( Tigh ) The destroyer is being moved into the bay . - The Cylon fighter ? - Already in the bay . We can 't reach the charges once the shuttle is launched ? I 'm afraid not , sir . Then we have to assault the bay before the shuttle is launched . Siress Tinia , you don 't seem ... What did you say ? That we must assault the bay before the shuttle is launched . Commander , I am not stupid . Baltar will never release those hostages . He will force them to land on Lunar Seven , or blow them apart once he is free . The only question is when to attack and how to maximise our chance for success . Agreed . We must hit them while they 're transferring to their ships . They 'll be out in the open . Our people will be inside the shuttle . is everyone in position ? The assault teams are ready to hit the bay on three sides . - And the demolition experts ? - They can disarm the charges in 30 microns , once they reach them . What are the odds of getting there before Baltar can set them off ? That depends on how stunned he is by the attack . He will have to take cover or be caught in the explosion . The odds , Colonel ? Computer estimates ... 70 to 30 , in Baltar 's favour . - Charges are in place . - And so is your destroyer . Adama amazes me . To think he 'd let us go to save a few lives . He won 't . What do you mean , he won 't ? He has no choice . If you believe that , you 're a bigger fool than I thought . He will attack us as we move to our ships , when the shuttle is unguarded . Precisely what I would do . He won 't risk slaughtering the hostages . Baltar , don 't you think he knows you have no intention of letting them go ? Well , of course I 'll let them go . Once we 're safe . What you intend isn 't the problem . Our escape depends on whether Adama believes you will . - What do we do if he doesn 't ? - Prepare to die . He has to believe me . He has to . We 'll never get those Centurions functioning before the deadline . Unless Baltar gets his Cylons , he won 't move to his ship . We need more time . I 'll try to help . Omega , get Baltar in the shuttle . - Yes , sir . - Apollo , get Wilker to speed things up . I 'm afraid he doesn 't hide his emotions very well . Nor should he . After the mistakes we made on the Council , I might expect the warriors to help Baltar blow up the shuttle . I won 't hurt you . You have my word . The moment I 'm free on Lunar Seven , you 'll all be free to return . - You believe me , don 't you ? - Yes , yes. I believe you . - Well , I don 't ! - ( Sheba ) Nor I . You have to believe me ! It 's the truth. I wouldn 't lie to you . - We 're the hostages and you 're afraid ? - ( Bleeping ) Baltar , the scanner . - ' We need more time . ' - For what ? To attack me ? 'No , we had deactivated your Centurions . ' We 're having problems reactivating them . You 're plotting to attack me . No , we just need more time to meet your demands . No , not a micron . Baltar , take me as a hostage in exchange for one more centare . Adama , you can 't . Do it . If we have Adama , they might have second thoughts about attacking us . Yes . Yes , they might . Very well , Adama , one more centare - in exchange for you . Thank you . You 're welcome . Not so funny now , is it ? ( Tigh ) Adama ... As soon as the Cylons are in the landing bay , they 'll move to their ships . - Then I 'll contact you . - This is suicide . You must attack as soon as the shuttle has clearance . We 'll try to evacuate as rapidly as possible . - He may not put you in the shuttle . - That 's why I 'm going . - Absolutely not . - The Colonel is right . Baltar may not put you aboard until the last micron . He may take you with him as an offering to the Alliance . I 'm just another member of the Council , I 'll go in with the others . I can fill them in on your plans . It 's quite logical . - lt 's suicide . - That 's what I 've been saying . There 's no time to argue . I 'll see you soon . So far , so good . Centurion ? By your command . Turn on the scanner on that bench . - Come on , you can do it . - Never thought I 'd root for a Cylon . ( wilker ) He 'll never fly . - ( Starbuck ) Oh , frack ! - But I 'll keep trying . No , don 't do it. I have a better idea . Adama . How nice of you and this lovely lady to join us . - l want to check on our people . - Of course . Anything you wish , old friend . After you 're searched . We 're running out of time . Colonel , Dr Wilker coming on the scanner . - ' Colonel , we 're ready , I think . ' - You think ? - ' You have to call off the attack . ' - Apollo ... 'lt 's the only chance we have . Order the shuttle to launch . ' - Adama has ordered the assault . - ' And left you in command . 'l don 't have time to explain . Just call off the attack . ' Adama , the Council has taken a vote and has decided to rescind our edict , extending emergency powers , and giving you full command . I thought you should know . The Cylon pilots are here . So it begins . Are you ready ? Go . Launch this shuttle the moment we leave . - Launch ! Launch ! - Launch , Boomer ! - Get me Colonel Tigh on Beta channel . - Sir . - Launch ! - Launch ! Silence ! Our warriors will attack the landing bay very soon . Evacuate as rapidly as possible as soon as we open the hatch . - They 'll blow us up . - lt 's our only chance . - l have Colonel Tigh . - Tigh , attack now . 'Adama , no time to explain . 'Launch at once ! Repeat ! Launch at once ! ' lt won 't work . 'Adama , I 'm in command ! Launch ! ' Start all engines . Prepare to launch . Why don 't they launch ? Launch ! It 's working. I 've done it . Centurion , launch . By your command . Go ! Oh , no ! Not you two again . Well , it was really his idea . We knew Baltar would feel more secure once he 'd seen the launches , and he was safely tucked in with his two Cylons . And so did the computer . It estimated we had a nine-to-one chance of succeeding . I 'll take those odds any time . Oh , er , with our lives ? Well , it worked , didn 't it ? You got me there . I still don 't see why the Commander let Leiter escape . We 're tracking them right now . When they land , we 'll have the coordinates to their base on Lunar Seven . - May I join you ? - Sure , Colonel , have a seat . - Barman , bring the Colonel a drink . - No . No , thank you . Don 't speak so quickly . You may have to deal with Siress Tinia again . Now the Council has restored command to Adama , I don 't have to face that any more . Colonel . Oh , no . He wouldn 't do that to me , would he ? I think he just might . Barman ... ( Adama ) ' Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny , 'the last battlestar , Galactica , 'leads a ragtag fugitive fleet 'on a lonely quest - 'a shining planet 'known as Earth . '
