 In the not-too-distant future , there will be no wars . There will be no poverty . But there 'll be rollerball . I think it started something , cos people still talk to me about Rollerball . It had its own sort of aura . It was violent for its time . It was a spectacle and an action movie . When I see it now , I feel like a prophet . Ladies and gentlemen , our corporate anthem . I think it 's more timely today than it was then . It was foreseeing the future . Corporate society takes care ofeverything . My God , are we closer to that now ! It 's the little guy with a conscience against the big powers that be . That 's what it is . I love this game , Moonpie ! I love it . I was living in London . I had just finished directing Fiddler on the Roofand Jesus Christ Superstar . Two musicals . I 'm not an action director . Didn 't wanna do anything about space . I really didn 't have very much interest in the future - only in so far as I could project behaviour . Norman 's always looking for ... to help the other guy . Fiddler was the pogrom of the Jews and the diaspora that was happening then . This one was a typical Norman subject . Here was a man who was gonna be his own man , even though he was being told not to be . So Rollerball was within that vein which Norman has always adopted . He 's even adopting it today with Hurricane and other movies . I think the whole political aspect of Rollerball is a combination of history repeating itself , like Circus Maximus in Rome . The whole idea of violence for the entertainment of the masses . In previous societies , Roman society in the Collosseum and in the Circus Maximus , there were death sports . They 've been toned down . They 've become the NFL . They 've become other less violent sports , but they 're still there . I felt that maybe our society was drifting in that direction . Sport was really building into a much more powerful form of entertainment . There was a lot of violence , there was a lot of Evel Knievel stuff on television . Stunts in which stuntmen got burned and hurt - and all this for the ratings . Sports themselves were changing and becoming very dark and very violent . A lot of fights were breakin ' out at ball games . There was a kind of general nastiness . I picked up this aspect , of course , in writing Rollerball . I 'm Canadian and therefore hockey - ice hockey - is pretty big with us . The moment there 's blood on the ice in a hockey game , the entire audience stands up - Iike they 're being fed . Because blood on white ice ignites people . And the violence in hockey became focused on by the television cameras . I was also reading at that time a lot about corporate society . I was thinking about how nations are going to eventually fade away and corporate society is going to be here . GE , the year that I wrote Rollerball , had a profit , gross profit , greater than the liquid assets of all the Scandinavian countries . Political systems , like communism , socialism , democracy itself , might start to fail . The multinational , multi-global corporations would take over control of our lives . When we invest our faith in corporations , of course , we trade our freedom for comfort , because we don 't vote on the people who command the boards of directors of companies . If one company owned all that you saw on television and all that you read in the newspaper , if it was controlled by one corporation , surely that corporation could control your whole thought process , in a way . All of that came together in this surrealistic story , which I called Roller Ball Murder . I wrote it in April of ' 73 . It was very quickly bought by Esquire . I was just fascinated with this story and his take . It just grabbed me . I said " This is a movie . We can just make a movie out of this . " I optioned the film rights to the short story . I got a phone call from William Harrison . " This is Bill Harrison . I hear you bought my short story The Roller Ball Murders . " " I was wonderin ' if I could write the screenplay with you . " I said " Have you ever written one ? " He said " No , sir . " Although I was a fledgling screenwriter , I knew what a scene is all about , I knew how to do a character . So there were things he didn 't have to teach me , and things in fact he did . So we sat down and started to work and collaborated on the screenplay for about six weeks , I guess . It 's a " bread and circuses " thing with the corporations in the movie and the story . They 've set up rollerball as a way to discourage individual achievement and to put down heroes , but ironically a hero comes out of this . We pinned the whole film of Rollerball around one man . Jonathan , in a televised society where people were tied together by television ... he was so popular . And of course that 's exactly the opposite of what the forces want . Jonathan , he became like Michael Jordan . He almost became larger than the sport itself . There 's one guy that can do it and nobody else . In that controlled society , he winds up having a huge amount of personality to the people that viewed him . The corporation got scared . Can 't you do what you 're told ? Jonathan E 's got this conscience . He doesn 't like what 's goin ' on with him , the control they have over him . He became a survivor . He had to outwit , outmanoeuvre , everything that was against him . There were no countries as such . Only corporate societies . All it has ever asked ofanyone ever , is not to interfere with management decisions . So it 's not a very democratic situation . There was obviously a hierarchy . The executives , the servants of the executives , and the outsiders who are not in that world . The women , for example , are all sort of courtesans of the corporate state . Everybody seemed pretty happy . Everybody seemed content . They popped a lot of pills . At that time , we were just recovering from the swinging ' 60s . This was Bill 's reaction to that , I suppose . Do you like poetry ? You know , I was the majority , I suppose , that said " Hey , don 't change anything . Everything 's fine right now . " " My God ! We don 't wanna change anything . " And you must keep everything calm . Everybody must be kept calm . Don 't want revolutions . Revolutions are started by people full of passion . I love the idea of knowledge being controlled . There must be a mistake . These books are classified . They have been transcribed and summarised . That 's power . I remember going to New York and meeting with united Artists with this idea . And it was so bizarre ! I think it was its own genre at the time , because I don 't think anything had been made like it at that time . I think united Artists was fascinated . When they kept asking about the game , I kept describing helmets like football helmets , the gloves with studs , so that they could hit the opponent . They were excited by the theatricality of it , but I don 't know whether they were really sold on ... that I knew what I was doing ! We were stunned that uA had agreed to make the film . That 's when I think I was most terrified . Casting , for example . We talked about Jimmy Caan because he 'd just been in Brian 's Song . He played a football quarterback . There was something about his personification of that sports figure that to me was very believable . Also Jimmy at that time was a top rodeo rider . He was going around the country bulldogging steers , jumping on the back of his horse . I thought if I could get that macho thing that he had goin to this Jonathan , who was going to start to ask questions ... He became fascinated right away . They got the old samurai spirit . He took a lot of stuff for that Jonathan character from when he played football . Like when they were playin the national anthem . I think he saw Butkus or somebody do it , getting intense before a game . Doin ' this on his leg and stuff , and he brought it to that character . Oh , I told him he was really gonna get beat up . But he loved that idea . He was ready to jump in . I think he was excited also because I was reaching out for some very fine actors . Jonathan E. That 's the name . John Houseman , who controls the sport . And Sir Ralph Richardson , who was going to play the world 's librarian . Zero , he 's the world 's file cabinet . His scenes were all with Jimmy . So James was really looking forward to working with these celebrated actors too . I was just kinda sitting , trying to figure out , could we make this into a film ? What was rollerball ? No one could play the game , because we had no stadium built . The track was all-important . Could roller skates hold ? How fast can you go ? This was something totally experimental . One of the most creative forces behind the making of the film was a production designer called John Box . Here is a man who did Lawrence ofArabia . He did all kinds of wonderful films . And I threw him this challenge . And so we decided we needed an amphitheatre . Like Rome . We needed a coliseum . A circular track with the audience around it . We had to wait for John Box to solve all of the problems technically before we could build it . Then a big undertaking was to find someplace to build this thing , because we needed a huge indoor area . The only place we could find was in Germany , in the basketball stadium that was left over from the Olympics . We went over there , we got the foremost track-builder in the world , which happened to be a German , and we set out to build this huge track . It was a pretty scary undertaking at the time . Once that was done , then we could bring Max Kleven , and the motorcycles , and the skaters , and put them on this track and start to figure out ... the rules . In the original story , the rules of the game were very amorphous and ill-defined . He hadn 't written it from a " how the game was gonna play " . It was kinda written like it didn 't make much sense . They had guys on foot . Do you remember they had guys with rifles in there that started shooting ? I said " That won 't work . " We were lucky in so far as we spent the first ... I don 't know how long . 1 2 or 16 weeks , we did nothing but shoot the games . It was only as we progressed that we started making rules . In the beginning we just shot roller skates and bikes and goals and bloody heads . We put it together , but then realised that we 'd gotta make this make sense . It 's very difficult to invent a game . You 've got to pick up that ball . You can 't just stuff it into the goal , you 've got to make a few circuits . So I think it was the roulette wheel and the idea of a pinball machine that gave us the idea that the ball could be fired . And it could be pretty lethal . And if that could be fielded with a glove and then put in a goal ... We had to have a goal . Norman added a lot himself to the game . He put the hook on the back of the motorcycles , which carried the skaters . I thought " What an ingenious idea . They can get more speed up this way . " They had to grab on to that motorcycle . It was actually a spring off a bike and the loop was attached to the spring , so when guys came in and grabbed it , it had some give to it . We knew that the skill of driving and handling the motorcycle ... we needed the top motorcycle stuntmen we could find , and most of them were in Los Angeles . Not very experienced in motorcycles at all , but I rode ' em ! I don 't think he took anybody who was really one of those motorcycle racers , because all you had to do was just learn to keep it up on the track , pull the guys , just use your head with it , you know . And now it was time to get the team together . It had to be a combination of stunt guys : guys that could skate , guys that could ride motorcycles . We all started practising . I was on a picture in New Mexico . It was a Western . We would go down at night to this roller rink and we 'd rent some skates and we just started skating . The music and everything ... It was really easy . Everybody was havin ' a good time , just skating . Nobody knew anything about skating . I thought he was kiddin ' . They were holdin ' him up and he was goin ' like this . I thought it was a joke . It was real . He couldn 't skate ! There was a European roller-hockey group . So we tapped into that group . And then I brought some more English guys over . They were hockey guys . Then there was a thing called roller derby . Roller-derby guys . Those guys were really good . That was their life , skating . So they had skates that were different , and we were lookin ' at what they had . Mostly , we had to take stuntmen and train them . You guys had never done that sorta stuff . That 's somethin ' all these guys had to learn . They were fabulous ! We 'd rehearsed here for about a month on flat roller rinks . One guy , even before we got outta here , fell and broke his hip . Remember that ? Somebody broke their leg . These were all big athletes . These were all linebacker types . They all had a great rapport with each other , the stunt players . They took those stunts very seriously , and had to . They were very dangerous . You boys wanna play for Houston , you 'll have to learn it . Jimmy is one of the great mimic actors . He bullshits himself that he is the best in the world , whatever he 's doin ' . You know , Jimmy tap-dances , he plays the piano . But he 's a mimic . He sees something ' and it 's uncanny how fast he gets good at it . The first thing he had to do was learn how to really skate well at high speeds . He wanted to do a lot of stunts himself , so he prepared for weeks , I think . It didn 't take him long and he got good . We all got on the airplane to go to Germany . He took us straight to the track from the airport in Munich . When we walked in , everybody went " Oh , my God ! " The track was straight up . These guys took one look ... Big bravado here ! - He took one look at it and he said " Oh ... " - We can 't do this ! I crawled to the top on my hands and knees . I got a hold of the rail like that , looked down and let go . So he said " We better have a couple of weeks to learn this . " They said " Max , this can 't be done . " I said " Well , it can be done , but you guys gotta skate a little better . " Within two weeks , we were playin ' the game and we were ready to start shooting . When you had the Japanese guys doing that when they were skating , it just evolved from guys horsin ' around in-between setups . Moonpie ... Off the rail comes Moonpie and takes out ... Bein ' up on the top of the rail , come swooping ' down , grab the back of a bike and drop-kick the guy . But it was for real . We shot some second unit before Norman got there . When Norman showed up ... by that time we really had the game goin ' well . But there was just so much footage to be shot . This is before Steadicams were invented . Dougie Slocombe invented this kind of car that was kind of built and it could travel at 35 , 40 miles an hour . Probably we had about three or four cameras at a time . We also had camera mounts in the centre of the track . We 'd have a camera operator on skates who was pulled along in front of people . Olympic cameramen , who had covered the Olympics ... how they could follow focus at 30 and 40 miles an hour , I have no idea . But they did . It needs at least one Houston player hitting a guy here . He sees the scene . He knows that it 's gonna be cut . He gets caught up . He gets very emotional about what he 's doing . He really , really cares . I was terrified . I was terrified about killing someone . Maiming someone . I kept cautioning everybody to slow down , slow down . But they just started to go faster and faster . Sometimes they got goin ' too fast . And because of the bank of the track and the flat skates , you reach a certain speed and just drift off the track . You 're unaware of it until suddenly there 's a ball of bodies hitting ' the wall . The guys on the motorcycles got mad because , when you were on skates , you could crash one of those guys on a motorcycle any time you wanted . It 's eight hours of doin ' this . At the end of the first day there were more asses and thighs with huge , huge strawberries on ' em ... So immediately , that next day , they sent out for biker leathers . They had really good protective gear , all the way from the ankles on up . Football pads , hockey pads , kneepads . Nobody was really seriously hurt . Is everybody all right ? Guys would just get banged up . Even with a helmet on , you see stars . If somebody went down on the track , they had guys run out with stretchers . There was a lot of abrasions and dislocated fingers , stuff like that . They didn 't go to the hospital , but they were hurt . People have told me " There was people killed on that movie . " I say " Well , I was there from day one and I hate to tell you that 's not the truth . " Publicity department , they liked to say that there was bodies laying ' everywhere . I played the Manila speedball . - What 's this dude 's name ? - That 's our new speedball from Manila . They called me out to play this little part . I 'd been in the dressing room . He drew attention to me and he says ... Oh , he 's a big honker . Big honker ! I remember right at the very end of the film there was just myself . He has the ball right in my face like that and he can kill me or let me live . And he lets me live . So by now everybody 's pretty well worn out . They 'd been there a long time . I said " You guys vote whether you want to stay another day or go home . " When I came back in , they 'd gone up to the top of the track and they were all pissing ' on the track . And we knew that was the end of the movie . The guys wanted to go home ! It was the first time stuntmen got a credit . There were so many stunts within the picture that Norman said " We 've got to give these men credit for what they 've done . " I 'd spent the ' 60s with ... call it the English New Wave , with Tony Richardson and Nick Roeg . Then Norman Jewison came over and I went a little Hollywood with him . I would just go through all the film and I 'd just snip out anything I thought was remotely useful . I would then start to put it together and see how I felt about it , and gradually form it into something . I remember when they came to neg-cut that particular reel , Technicolor said " Do you know how many cuts are on that reel ? " I said " No . " They said " 900 cuts . " I said " I 'm not surprised . " We took flak because it was too violent . It 's an anti-violent film . Get offthe rail ! And yet it has to use violence to make its point . People today say " Rollerball . Oh , Jesus ! What a violent picture . " But you hardly ever see any blood in that picture . It wasn 't very violent at all compared to today , or even when Taxi Driver came out . The fellas came up behind me , grabbed me , pulled my helmet off . My head , in slow motion , comes down , hits the track and bounces . You see all my flesh moving , but it was very powerful the way it was edited in . Norman had said " What are we going to do about the music ? " Then he said " I think we should use classical music . " I had an old , old LP of Albert Schweitzer playing the Bach " Toccata and Fugue in D minor " . Then they brought in André , and André said " It 's not bad , Tony ! " It 's almost a European action movie . It 's almost Last Year at Marienbad with game sequences - the haunting quality of some of the scenes . There was two different responses to Rollerball when it came out . One was in Europe , the other in America . The English went crazy for it . That film played for one year in the same theatre in France . It was a huge hit in Europe . I think it is because it wasn 't a typically American film . For the most part , the press in Europe treated it like a thematic film . They had an intellectual interest in the movie , that never got going in America . In America , everybody wanted to play the game ! They wanted to play the game , they wanted the track to be somewhere . They wanted it to be a reality in sporting life , I think . It did big business in America for a while , but I think it was more circus and less bread . A lot of the American critics did not see what a strong political statement it was . They reviewed it and it says " second unit action director genius , Max Kleven " . Well , can you imagine goin ' on the set the next day ? I think rollerball 's here . We are changing into a corporate society . America is an amalgamation of corporate states . We 're in a world in which most of the decisions made for us aren 't made because we 're voting . Corporations have merged to the point where oil companies have been reduced to maybe six huge multinational , multi-global corporations . Communism 's not the answer . But , on the other hand , free-rein capitalism has its pitfalls . We 've already agreed on that . I get a little scared when one company owns the television station and the radio station and the newspaper . .. futility ofindividual effort . Have we lost faith in our own system of government ? Are people really even interested ? Are they more interested in what they 're gonna wear or drive , what they 're gonna watch , what they 're gonna eat ? Are we more materialistic ? Are we less sensitive to violence ? Do we love violence ? Do we embrace it ? Does it excite us ? Does it entertain us ? Are we returning to Circus Maximus ? I don 't know .
