 Maintain silence until we land aboard the Battlestar Pegasus . The Pegasus ? But that 's just not possible . - You 're talking about Starbuck ? - l wasn 't comparing you . But you 'll have to give me time to think . Think of the impression on Gamoray when they learn that I personally led the final assault on the humans . - l 'm not getting anything on my scanner . - You won 't . - Then how are we ... - l can feel them , Captain . We must take that base . We must take Gamoray ! That is one opinion , Commander . It does not happen to be mine . - Starbuck ? - l don 't have a thing . - There 's nothing in front of us . - They 're behind us . Behind us ? Oh , swell . How close ? That close ? Apollo ? - lt doesn 't look good. I 'm going right . - l 'll take left . Good luck , buddy . Dispatching automatic distress to the fleet . Be seeing ya . - l 'll pick him up on the right . - He 's dead on the left . Be back in half a flash . ( Starbuck ) I can 't lose him , Apollo . I can 't shake him . Cease fire . - Cease fire . That 's an order ! - Are you crazy ? Cain 'll have us for dinner if they get away . - They 're human . - What ? I said they 're human . lmpossible . We 're the only ones left alive in the entire star system . I 'm switching to unicom . Attention . Attention . This is Silver Spar Group Leader , commanding viper pilots to surrender . We are locked on kill . Apollo ... lt has to be a trick . This is Apollo , Strike Commander of the Battlestar Galactica . Who are you ? - Bojay ? - l heard him . It 's a trick . They 're all dead . Bojay ? Did he say Bojay ? - ( Starbuck ) Bojay , is that you ? - Starbuck ? Apollo , it is. lt 's Bojay ! You remember , he was in our squadron until ... That 's right , until he was transferred to ... the Fifth Fleet . ( Starbuck ) Died in the Battle of Molecay . ( Apollo ) Two yahrens ago . Apollo ... - either they 're not dead or ... - We are . Bojay , if that 's really you , tell us what happened . How did you survive ? Maintain silence until we land aboard the Battlestar Pegasus . Pegasus ? But that 's just not possible . Apollo , do you know whose ship that was ? Cain , the greatest military commander ever . He was my idol . Your idol will order you blasted away if you don 't shut off your transmitters . In case you clowns don 't know , we are in a quadrant controlled by Cylons . Oh , my Lord. lt isn 't a dream . And we 're certainly not dead . It is the Pegasus . They won 't shut up . They act as if they 've seen an apparition . I 'm still not sure I haven 't . Alert Commander Cain . 'We 're down to the last of it , Commander . I 've checked every ship . 'They 're down to life support now , unless we stop . ' Thank you for your report , Jolly . ( Controller ) Frequency intercept scrambled . Running a check on both id systems ... 186 control on a speed deductor ... Well , that 's just fine . Just fine . We come all this way and simply run out of fuel . - There 's worse . - What does that mean ? - We 're picking up Cylon transmissions . - Good Lord , a Cylon base star ? It 's not military . What we 're hearing is civilian . Civilian ? ( Adama ) I just don 't understand it . - We 're a star system away from any ... - l can 't explain it . But somewhere out there , not far away , is a city - a Cylon city . That could be why our recon patrol is overdue . Apollo , Starbuck ? How long before they exhaust their fuel supply ? If they 've been using their thrusters , they 'd be powered down right now . Sir , if we launch a shuttle probe ... We must conserve every drop of fuel to support our life systems . - Bring the fleet to a dead stop , please . - Yes , Commander . - lt 's unbelievable , seeing you guys . - How do you think we feel ? We sailed over two yahrens ago to save Molecay . - We haven 't seen a human since . - The rest of the Fifth Fleet ? Destroyed. lf Cain hadn 't pulled a brilliant decoy , we 'd be gone , too . You must have headed away from the Colonies to be this far out . That was another of Cain 's touches . He knew that they 'd be waiting for us from Molecay to the Colonies , so he put us into deep space and we kept going . - We 've been fighting ever since . - Running . Our skipper doesn 't know the meaning of the word run . - We strike round the clock . - With what ? - Where do you get your fuel and arms ? - From the Cylons , of course . If you officers will excuse our guests , Commander Cain would like to see them in his quarters . Get them a drink , Tolen . They look pale . It 's a very great honour , sir . A very great honour . Yes , I should imagine it is . That 's just a little attempt at humour . I 'd quite resigned myself that I would never see another human , other than my own people on the Pegasus , - yet there you are . - The Galactica , sir . Under the flag of Commander Adama , my father . - Adama ? - Yes , sir . Yes , yes . Yes , I see it . Well , how is he ? How is that old modocker ? Considering the load he 's carried since the destruction of our nation ... Yes , I should imagine . And the rest of the fleet ? Only the Galactica survived , sir , along with some 220 ships carrying what 's left of our people . My God . And I thought we had it bad . - Only 220 ships from all the Colonies ? - Yes , sir . Well , my friends , our troubles are over . - How do you mean , sir ? - Tomorrow we go on the offensive . We 'll show those golmonging Cylons how to fight now ! Yes , by the Lords of Kobol , the Cylon Empire is about to fall ! We 're picking up something very odd . - What is it ? - lt 's some sort of visual echo . I mean , the Galactica 's image must be bouncing off some ion field . Feed it up to the bridge . ( Tigh ) Omega , have this scan turret checked immediately . Yes , Colonel . Switch to high band . There 's something wrong . It 's a visual echo. lt 's the cleanest transmission l 've ever seen . Nevertheless ... - There 's a signal on fleet comline Alpha . - That 's impossible . Fleet comline is a scramble communicator between warships and since we 're the only battlestar , there 's no possibility of a signal like that existing . 'Greetings , Adama , you old wardaggit . 'Might 've known I 'd find you and your fleet sitting on your astrums . ' Cain ? ! Of all that 's holy . 'There 's nothing holy about me , Adama . 'Except maybe what I 'm doing to those golmonging Cylons . ' lt 's a miracle , Cain . A blessed miracle . 'l make my own miracles . 'But have it your way . I 'll be aboard in a few centons . ' l 'll have some vintage Ambrosa for you . 'l should think so . ' ( Cheering ) Commander ... lt 's impossible . Cain perished along with the Fifth Fleet two yahrens ago . Yes , Colonel , but that 's the fabric of miracles - the impossible . 'Commander Cain requesting permission to board the Galactica . ' The Lords of Kobol bless you . You have no idea how I feel at this moment . Me too , Adama , me too . I have a present for you . Where are those space loiterers we picked up ? Front and centre ! ( Applause ) Son . I thought I 'd seen the last of you . You would have , if my daughter hadn 't cut them off . - They were heading into Gamoray . - The Delphian Empire ? It was . Before the Cylons turned it into their outer capital . It 's now a model of machine efficiency . - That was a society of 50 million beings . - Not any more . When it was clear that the Fifth Fleet was destroyed , I took every survivor I could aboard the Pegasus . I headed straight for Gamoray , their most remote supply base . We 've been living off them ever since . It 's incredible. lf they control Gamoray , they control half the universe . The only thing I 've been able to do is keep knocking that base down so they can 't get a full strike at me . What I 've never understood is why they didn 't send out base ships to finish us off . - lt 's clear now why they didn 't . - Yes , the Galactica . They were having trouble with a rebel fleet but I couldn 't break the code . I had no idea that there were any other survivors . Oh , nor did we . You 've given a tremendous lift to all our people . And a death blow to the Cylons . We 're going to take them now , Adama . This is the turning point . No , my old friend , the most we can hope to get from the Cylons is some fuel . - A military victory 's out of the question . - What are you talking about ? I 've had them on their knees in this quadrant - with just one battlestar . With two - ha ! - l 'll finish them ! - At least on Gamoray . - And then what ? Well , then we 'll have all the fuel we need and a base from which to attack . We can 't secure that planet . And those base ships not bothering you were after me , en masse . No , our only hope is to just keep moving . - You mean run ? - l mean escape . But why ? We can outfly them , we can outfight them , we ... ln case you haven 't noticed , I 'm protecting 220 civilian ships which crawl along in space at a pace which is perfect for target practice . - There must be some way . - l wish there were . But your knowledge of the Cylon supply lines will be invaluable . - lf we could intercept Cylon tankers ... - Why bother with tankers ? Go straight for that fuel base at Gamoray . I can 't leave those ships unprotected while we go off to take some planet . Hades ' hole , Adama ! Give me a couple of your best squadrons and I 'll take that fuel base myself . You 'll have enough fuel to go anyplace in the stars . I 'll be satisfied with enough to get us out of this quadrant . Prepare battle plans for capturing those tankers and I 'll approve them . Meanwhile , enjoy a few centons of well-deserved hospitality on the Galactica . Well , if that 's the way you want it . ( Cain ) There 's a certain young lady that I 'm most anxious to find . It 's quite unlikely that out of all those people from the Colonies she 'd be one of the few survivors , but she always knew how to take care of herself . Well ... what was her name ? Her name is Cassiopeia . 'l 'll never forget you , you old wardaggit . 'Hurry back . ' l can see she has the same effect on you she 's always had on me . And apparently you 've never seen her before . Speaking of lovely ladies , you met my daughter . 'Happy birthday , Father. I love you . ' lf l 'd met that young lady , I 'd know it . You met her . She almost flew you right out of your britches . Like father , like daughter . - What are you going to do ? - Find a way to let him down easy . You don 't just jump on a hero . You 're assuming Cassiopeia won 't be as excited as everybody else he 's back . Apollo ... Oh , I forgot . Once they experience the aura of Starbuck ... I never said that . It 's true , but I never said it . Let 's face it , he is an older man . You 're on your own . ( Sighs ) Cassiopeia ? Come in . - Hi . - Hi . Hiya , Starbuck. ls my father back ? Er , yeah , yeah , kid . He is . What 's the matter ? He 's not hurt ? Oh , no. lt 's nothing like that . Come on , Muffy . We 're gonna find my dad . Starbuck ... What is it ? Something is wrong , isn 't there ? I 've ... I 've got some news for you . It 's ... about an old friend of yours . Someone you may have been involved with or just ... liked . I don 't know which but ... he 's been found - alive . - Who ? - Look , I know it 's over between you but he 's a legend , we 'll have to let him down easy . If you wanna do it , fine . But I 'll be glad to handle it for you if it 's going to be too awkward . - Starbuck , who are we talking about ? - Er , Commander Cain . Cassiopeia ! ( Door bleeping ) Enter . Cassie . I 'd almost given up hope . Oh , I missed you so . But I had to stop thinking about you too much . I wouldn 't expect you to , especially with all those young warriors around . They 're all in love with you , I 'm sure . No . Only one . - Starbuck . - Starbuck ? He 's a great warrior . Oh , he is , huh ? I wasn 't comparing you . But you 'll have to give me time to think . We may not have much time . I know . Well , how 'd she take the news ? Worse than I thought . She ... She wanted to be alone , so ... Starbuck , are you in a little pain ? No . What are you talking about ? Hey , it 's me , Apollo , remember ? We talk about things . Yeah , well , I , er ... I guess I never did like to admit that I form ... - attachments . - You don 't even admit it to yourself . I 've never understood that about you . You were always part of a very big family . I never had that . So I just grew up keeping the number of people around me as large as I could . So you couldn 't be hurt by any particular one ? Look , I don 't care if Cassiopeia feels something for this Cain . I just don 't understand the combination . I mean he 's , er ... he 's ... - Too old ? - Yeah . Read up on your Book Of The Word . Some of the Elders of Kobol were married to some very young wives . Wives ? Aren 't we getting a little ahead of ourselves here ? She wouldn 't marry him . Anyway ... who cares ? Not me ! Poor Starbuck . Oh , well . He still has Athena and Miriam and Noday and ... Would you stop ? And who told you to listen , anyway ? What about Sheba ? She 's developed into one of our best warriors . She 'll be very unhappy that I 've returned . Children don 't understand a man 's needs at different times in his life . You came into my life right after her mother died . It may have been difficult for Sheba but if it weren 't for you , I ... Did you ever think maybe Sheba wanted to fill that role ? She 's my daughter . I could be your daughter as well . You could be ... but you aren 't . Our basic strategy has just been to keep knocking down their base on Gamoray . Every time they send one of their leaders in to rededicate that base , we go in and turn it into scrap metal . Oh . Hey , what about you guys ? You 've got to be raising feldercarb with those tinheads . We do our best . We just shot down a Cylon patrol ship . - Mind if I join you ? - No , by all means . Apollo , Strike Captain Apollo . I believe you 've spent a lot of time on my tail ? You are Sheba ? Yes , to both questions . You can 't be serious . You shot down one Cylon patrol ship in a secton ? Very serious . When you 're responsible for the lives of civilians crammed onto slow barges , you have to keep a low profile . Sounds like we 're incompatible . We all have to learn to adjust . Even the legendary Commander Cain may have to alter his combat techniques . And who 's going to tell him that ? As a student of your father 's tactics , I think he 'll realise on his own . ( Apollo ) lf not ... ( Officer ) Ten-hup ! Sit , sit . Relax everybody , relax . We 're off prime ! This is good . Good , what you 're doing - getting acquainted . Since we 're all going to be fighting together , side by side , - l 'm buying the first round . - ( Cheering ) Ambrosa for everyone . For all my warriors ! Come , my sweet Cassiopeia . If you 'll excuse me , I think I 've had enough combat for now . - Nothing changes . - Everything changes . Not people . Sheba ? Can we talk ? Not now. I 'm really not up to it . We 're gonna have to work together if we want to survive . Working with you won 't be the problem . This is the route where the Cylons run their fuel ships . Their convoy has already left Gamoray . But if we use turbos all the way , we can catch them before they leave this quadrant . Turbos all the way . We 've barely enough fuel to get there and back . - We wouldn 't need any more than that . - Surely the tankers have a fighter escort . In a prolonged battle you 'd run out of reserves . I don 't fight prolonged battles with Cylons . They 're not that good . ( Adama ) We 'll send one squadron from each battlestar . No offence but ... I 'd prefer to use just my own wings on this manoeuvre . I think for the purpose of morale , it might be best if we started to integrate our squadrons , give them a sense of teamwork . Whatever you say . My warriors will pass on their experience . Let 's get to it . is there anything he doesn 't do better than the rest ? It 's his way of talking . He 's one of the best . I 've never seen anyone so treated like a ... a god in my life . We must remember that he 's kept his people alive in this Cylon territory for two yahrens . His men would do anything for him . Rightfully so . I hope you know that this adulation , this awe everybody feels for him , - doesn 't alter our feelings about you . - Oh , Apollo . We 're not in a popularity contest , we 're in a struggle for survival . We need heroes that our people can look up to , gather strength from . We need him . - They feel that way about you . - l hope I never disappoint them . Get going. I don 't want the Blue Squadron reaching those tankers after Cain has flown the Colonial flag . There 's a matter of pride involved here . - Yes , sir . - Son ... good luck . Father ? They told me you 're going on the mission . It 's just a routine strike . We can 't afford risking you . We can 't afford not to. I 'll explain later . Transferring control to Silver Spar Squadron . Launch when ready . Strike wing standing by . Blue Squadron ready to rendezvous with Silver Spar Squadron . - Four centons to target . - Doesn 't that sound like Cain ? - Commander Cain . Boomer , isn 't it ? - Yes , but ... I know everyone in my command . Three centons to target . I 'm not getting anything on my scanner . - lf we 're only ... - They won 't be on your scanner . - Then how ... - l can feel them , Captain . Just ahead is an ionised cloud level . Our target will be hiding there . Split up . I thought we were a single strike force . A dozen escort fighters are ready to jump us . We do this my way . Blue Squadron , head in . Silver Spar , follow me . He 's flying evasive tactics and I don 't see ... I think he knows what he 's doing . We 'll know in a micron . Stand by to penetrate cloud layer . There she is , a Cylon tanker . Two Cylon tankers . I don 't see any sign of ... OK , Blue Squadron , go to work . Don 't hit any of those tankers . There 's an awful lot of them . Jolly , you got one on your tail ! Roll , Jolly . He 's on you ! I can 't seem to lose him ! Let 's go get ' em . - Thank you , whoever that was . - My pleasure . ( Cain ) Captain , on your left wing . I 've got him , Apollo . - Two of ' em running . - Blue Squadron . Pursue . That 's all of them . Let 's escort those tankers in . - ( Apollo ) Commander ? - Yes , what is it , Captain ? Were you aiming at a fighter ? I didn 't see him . You didn 't ? He was as clear as the Nubian sun to me . - Where are the two tankers ? - ( Cain ) I don 't know . We 've come up empty . Let 's regroup and head for home . I 'm sorry , Adama , but with all those ships in the air fighting for their lives in and around those tankers , I guess maybe we should 've sent just my squadrons . We do have a little more experience in hit-and-run tactics . Yes , I suppose it was a mistake mixing forces that never fought together . Commander , with respect , Blue Squadron was nowhere near when the tankers blew up ! Nothing personal , Apollo . You and your squadron handled yourselves as well as I 've ever seen . It was an honour to have you along and I wouldn 't dream of attacking that Cylon base without you . We 're going against the whole base ? I don 't think we have any choice now . Do we ? Events seem to have left us very few alternatives . I 'll give you my decision in the morning . We can 't wait until morning . We have to work on my battle plan right now . In the morning . - Adama , with all due ... - Dismissed . I 'll be in the Officers ' Club when you make up your mind . Sheba . Father , he ... Nothing . Sheba ! I 'd like to talk to you . - l was about to join my father ... - That 's OK . Cassiopeia and I will save you a place . Look , I really don 't feel well . - What happened to those tankers ? - They were hit by incidental fire . You 're telling me that someone as good as you are blew the whole purpose of this mission by accident ? - Yes , that 's what I 'm saying . - Then we have found witnesses . A toast to our victory over the Cylons ! ( All ) Hail ! Hail ! Hail ! The data from the scanners aboard the Pegasus make it clear that an attack would result in the forfeiture of countless lives . Those are losses unacceptable to me , even if we could board fuel from the Cylon depot . Adama , we have no choice . Your fleet is standing dead in the sky . It 's only a matter of time before their base ships attack . There is a choice . According to my data , the Pegasus is carrying a maximum fuel load . I intend to divide part of that load amongst the fleet . - What ? - Only a sufficient amount to get our people out of this quadrant without loss of life . With any luck , our scanners will be able to locate a secondary fuel source before we run out of it again . Commander , with all due respect , we cannot risk the lives of our people on luck . All the fuel we need is right there at that base - Gamoray . And we have two full battlestars to hit them with . What would happen if we left our fleet of civilian ships unguarded - while we conquered a planet ? - We 'd be in and out before they know . We have been dogged by Cylon ships since we left our star system . They strike without warning . They could be massing now . Anything is possible . But I prefer to deal with the probable . The probabilities are with our combined strength we can achieve our first clean victory since we lost the war . I 'm not interested in victories . I 'm interested in saving lives , what few of them are left . I 'm sorry . Colonel , carry out the task of distributing the Pegasus fuel throughout the fleet . Commander . I will not allow that . You have no choice . I think I do. I think two yahrens of surviving the Cylons in this quadrant without any help from you or the Colonies has earned my people , my crew , the right to decide their own destiny . In the same way you decided the destiny of two Cylon tankers ? I did what I thought I had to do to assure the survival of our people . How long do you suppose the fuel from those two tankers would last ? We need enough fuel to sustain this fleet indefinitely . We must take that base . We must take Gamoray ! That is one opinion , Commander . It does not happen to be mine . So I 'm going to relieve you of any further responsibility of making decisions contrary to orders . You are relieved of your command . Colonel Tigh , you will assume the bridge of the Pegasus . Father ? I want you to know that we will follow you in whatever you decide to do . Thank you , but you heard the man , I don 't decide anything any more . - Sir , what we meant ... - l know what you meant . But what I did this morning was tactical misjudgement . What you 're thinking of is mutiny . Oh , I may be the most stubborn , egocentric warrior ever in the Colonies but I 'm also the best and I won 't be remembered as the one who pulled out and left defenceless civilians at the mercy of those ... tinheaded golmonging Cylons . By your command . - Speak . - We 've found the Colonial trailing ships . They turned back before discovery , I presume . By your order . Very well done . This is the final moment . At long last I 've overtaken Adama with sufficient strength to blow him out of the sky . - lt should be quite a good battle . - lt will be no battle at all . A single battlestar is no match for three base ships . Oh , no , what we have here , my dear Lucifer , is what is known as a rout , a humiliation , a massacre . Then you do not wish support fighters from Gamoray , our outer capital ? The only thing I want from Gamoray is a welcoming parade , a victory celebration , a tribute from the people of Gamoray for the greatest military leader Cylon has ever known . I 've decided that the city of Gamoray will be my seat of power . From it , I will decide how and where l will extend my dominion throughout the star system . Begging your pardon , Baltar , but shouldn 't we first go through the formality of conquering the humans before ordering our victory celebration ? That had the note of sarcasm , Lucifer . Watch yourself . You 're not the only lL-series Cylon who dreams of standing beside the greatest conqueror in the universe . - Forgive my impudence . - Hm . - About that launch order ... - Yes , yes , let 's get on with it . Wait . Wait , I have an even better idea . I will accompany the strike force . - You , go into ... - Yes , yes . Think of the impression on Gamoray when they learn that I personally led the final assault on the humans . Prepare a ship with two of your best pilots . By your command . 'Captain Apollo requesting permission to board the Pegasus . ' Colonel , fuelling shuttles are starting to come aboard . Proceed with fuel distribution to all ships in the fleet . Yes . There 's bad feeling festering aboard this ship . Shouldn 't we delay this order until things settle down ? Commander Adama wants the fleet able to get underway quickly . We can 't do that without fuel . Now , carry out the order . - Can we be of some help ? - Only in the transfer of fuel . - What transfer is that ? - We have a job to do . Stand aside . - What are you doing ? - Fighting for our commander . - And our lives . - He accepted the order . Why don 't you show the same good sense ? Look , Captain , maybe you don 't understand the situation . Adama humiliated the greatest man that ever lived , who can think and fight circles around your father . She 's right , Apollo . He saved us from certain death . Now it 's our turn to help him . No one wants to see Cain hurt or disgraced . - lsn 't it a bit late to say that ? - Commander Adama had no choice . There can only be one leader . And we 've got the wrong one . That 's why you 're not taking our fuel . I 'm only going to say this one more time . Adama is the fleet commander , he 's determined that we don 't send our defences off to a Cylon capital while our fleet sits here helpless ! I support that thinking , so stand aside ! Well , now , what 's it gonna be ? - ( Alarm ) - Just what Adama was afraid of . We 're under attack . Back to the ship . Large Cylon task force coming in . - ( Woman ) 50 microns and closing . - Get me the Galactica . Sir , 45 microns and closing . That 's the largest force I 've seen since the destruction of Caprica . - What is it ? What have they got ? - We 're not certain . But from the number of bombers , they have three base ships moving in . You were right , I was wrong . The fleet would 've been defenceless if we had attacked . Right now I need you and your tactical wizardry . They used only three ships to wipe out our fleet at Caprica . Surprise was on their side then . This time , it might be on our side . Pull out the Pegasus . Exactly. lt 's on the far side of our fleet . I doubt if it 's on their scanners yet . I 'll bring it around and squeeze them in-between us . Don 't take too long to be in position . If it 's OK to burn up half my fuel , I 'll bring it up to light speed . - Do I have a choice ? - No . - Be there when we need you . - l 'll be there . Commander , 25 microns and closing . Arm weapons . Stand by to attack . This is going to be a classic defeat , spoken of throughout the star system for 1 , 000 yahrens . Launch fighters . Incoming communication from Commander Cain , sir . Put it on the line . I 'm resuming command of the Pegasus . So I 've been informed by Commander Adama . Good . Get that ship out of there . Swing on a 180 and follow course 1-1-0 . I 'll rendezvous with you . - What about the attack force ? - Let me worry about that . Have pilots launch-ready . I 'll be aboard soon . ( Cheering ) It 's nothing personal , sir. lt 's just that ... I quite understand . Who can fight a living legend ? ( Baltar ) Goodbye , Galactica . Goodbye , Adama . You 're finished . Positive shield , now . ( Adama ) Commence fire . ( Pilot ) Let 's go get ' em . This time , the Galactica hasn 't a chance . ( Baltar ) Concentrate our fighters on the landing bays . Her warriors won 't be able to refuel , reload or land . - Fire in the bay . - Damage report . It 's out of control . Alpha Bay is completely cut off . Keep leading her warriors away from the main fleet . They can 't stay aloft using full battle thrusters for long . ( Cylon ) A word of caution . We too , are expending great amounts of fuel in a sustained attack . Yes , but we have a place to land . They do not . Or will not before long . We are running parallel to the Cylons on their rear flank . The Galactica is reporting heavy damage to her landing bays . Bring her around 60 degrees . We 're going in . Burn , Galactica . ( Baltar ) You 're finished , Adama ! ( Cylon ) Sir , if I may ... I don 't want to miss a moment of the last battlestar 's destruction . ( Cylon ) I really think you should look at the other battlestar . What are you babbling about ? - lt 's impossible . - No , it is a battlestar . Turn , you fool ! Turn ! He 's coming right for us ! ST US By Tchen ..
