 Whatever they are , they 're fast ! Their speed is beyond our comprehension . Your people will be safe ... under my leadership . I 've come to prepare your way to Earth . What kind of games do your people play ? Games that would amaze you . You would hope that the humans have made such a breakthrough ? The alternative is that we have encountered a new and more powerful force . Don 't make the mistake of threatening me again . Or you 'll forfeit your life . This is Flight Leader to advance probe . Everything looks OK in this quadrant . Let 's start a last wide sweep and go home . - Copy ? - Loud and clear . Making the final sweep of the ... Bojay ! I 'm seeing spots in front of my eyes ! All right , take it easy , you guys . Whatever it was is gone now but let 's ease on over in that direction . - Better alert the fleet . - Plenty of time for that . I not only saw that one , I felt it . Captain , left centre . They 're coming right at us , and fast . Actuate attack computers . - Stand by . - They 're not on my scanner ! - l 'm not picking anything up ! - They 're not slowing down . Good Lord , they 're fast . - Anybody get a good look ? - No . But they can outrun us . Let 's get out of here . Warn the fleet . We don 't know if there 's anything to warn them about . Hold your positions and your fire until we get a fix . They 're moving up behind us . They don 't seem interested in us . Let 's get out of here . Jolly , you speak the wisdom of the Lords . Let 's turn around and ... - Skipper ! - l see him . Holy frack ! Skipper , my instruments are gone . Mine are spinning like fire-tons . And that noise , I can 't stand it . - What do we do ? - Divide and run . - A four-point peel-off on three . One ... - Bojay , I 'm losing speed . - l can 't do a thing , Skipper ! - l can 't stand the sound ! ( High-pitched squealing ) ( Buzzer ) ( Spectators ) Go ! Go ! Go ! ( Buzzer ) ( Spectators ) Go ! Go ! Go ! ( Buzzer ) ( Buzzer ) - Great shot . - We got one lucky boy . Speak for yourself , I 'm good . I second that . Now , what can I do to reward you ? You could send some champagne ... I might not say you were incredible but I 'd say " reasonably proficient " and buy you a drink . Generous , very generous . - Hi , Boomer . - Nice to see you . - Nice play . - Nice play ? Sure . Just once I 'd like to beat you . I 'm sure there 's something you 're good at . What do you expect from a natural athlete ? Just for that you 're buying . Nobody 's buying . Emergency meeting in the war room . Have a heart . We just ran ourselves ragged . I need a drink . You 'll need one even more when you hear about this . Let 's go . They disappeared here , in this sector . - There 's been no transmissions ? - An automatic distress signal . Since then , nothing . Four ships have vanished . - What kind of land mass ? - l don 't know . But the readings indicate activity at a time that could concern the missing ships . Commander , Bojay 's like my family . - He 's all that I 've got left ... - l know . Get your gear . Maybe sending her is a mistake . There 's been no trace of her father or the Pegasus - and now losing Bojay ? - Look ... if emotion is a factor , we 're all equally motivated . Jolly 's like a kinsman to me . Then we picked the right team . I think so too . But ... no chances . If they 're not on a planet ... They wouldn 't have had fuel enough to continue flying . - We 'll come right back . - All right . Good luck . Thank you . Yeah . Commander , that seismic report - l don 't like the implications of it . It 's too sudden , too abortive to be a core tremor . More likely an explosion of some kind . But how could four ships crash simultaneously ? - They could 've been on the ground . - That 's possible . We 'll know soon . - What do you think ? - Tell you in a flash . - No life forms . - l wonder why . It has an appropriate atmosphere . Maybe no Colonial travellers ever made it this far . At least they didn 't hang around , for some reason . That doesn 't bode well with our search for the lost 13th tribe ... and Earth . One problem at a time . Let 's go down in the atmosphere . Starbuck , Apollo , look at the vegetation . It 's all red . - Let 's set down and have a look . - There , look at that . Looks like something big hit , it 's all burned out . See that ? Just left of centre . Some wreckage . Whatever it was , it was huge . Let 's go in . This is the strangest light I 've ever seen . You should see yourselves . You look weird . - l 've never seen you look better . - Mm . Well , at least the atmosphere is breathable . - But everything 's so eerie . - Yes , but it 's alive . Let 's go . Phew . Look at the size of that crater . Whatever hit here must have been as big as a battlestar . That looks like the remains of a very big ship . ( Apollo ) Let 's go have a look . ( Man ) I wouldn 't go down there . ( Sheba ) Where did he come from ? The scanner read no life forms . The radion levels are extremely high . - Where 'd you come from ? - Where did you come from ? We mean you no harm . You 're human . Do you need our help ? I think it 's more likely that I can help you . How ? Are there others like you ? Not here . Was that a ship ? Yes , it was. lt was destroyed . - By whom ? - The great powers . - You mean the Cylon Empire ? - No . - Just who are these powers ? - lt 's not easy to explain . Would you mind if we moved from here ? I don 't want to be reminded of what happened to my people . Something 's wrong . I can 't get any reading . That scanner won 't be of much use to you . The radion field here from the crash is too strong . Who is this guy ? I don 't know . I get a strange feeling about him . That makes two of us . How did he survive that crash without a mark on him ? I 'm weary. I 'm drained of energy . We have some emergency rations we can share with you . You 're very kind . It 's not food I require . How did you survive the crash ? I don 't know . You spoke of your people . Were they on that ship ? Yes . They 're all gone . What about you ? You must have people . Will you be returning to them soon ? Yes . Might I accompany you ? We 'd have to know more about you . Where do you come from ? You do not know my people . They 're not of your world . Yes , but if they are human , maybe there 's some connection . - Maybe ... - Maybe I can help you with your quest . - What quest ? - Whatever it is you 're looking for . My knowledge of the universe is infinite . I think we 'd better be going . - Likeable but a little on the loony side . - Maybe , maybe not . - Where 's he from ? - You keep asking that . What does it matter ? Look , he 's human . And he 's all alone . - l think he 's in shock from the explosion . - That makes sense . If he ejected from that ship , the fall may have hurt him . - No , he doesn 't look tattered . - We can 't just leave him behind . - What if he 's a spy ? - Who knew we were coming ? Whoever caused our patrol to disappear . He 's only one man. lf we keep our guard up , I just don 't see what he can do . OK , but let 's make sure he 's not carrying a homing device . Good idea , in case this is one of Baltar 's little tricks . Go back to the ship and send for a shuttle . - And see if there 's word from the patrol . - Right . We 've decided to take you with us . Good . Overwhelmed , isn 't he ? ( High-pitched squealing ) What is it ? What 's happening ? I don 't know , but it didn 't even faze him . We must hurry , they 're coming back . They 're looking for me . Any sign of the others ? Not a trace . But we did find somebody . May I introduce our guest ? This is Count Iblis . Colonel Tigh . An honour , Colonel . I know your mind must be full of questions but I wonder if I might find somewhere to rest after my ordeal ? I 'll give you and my father a debriefing . Then I 'm sure you 'll want to talk to Count Iblis at length . Of course . Sheba , go to the life station and find the Count some quarters . We 'll see you two on the bridge . He was all alone on the planet ? As far as we could tell . Beside the wreckage of an immense ship . - And the wreckage ? - lt was giving off high radion levels . We couldn 't move into the area without special gear . Too bad . Too bad . Yet he survived the radion levels ? Perhaps he ejected from the ship before she was struck . - By the Cylons ? - Not according to him . Who knows what condition his mind was in after his experience ? He was very evasive. I don 't trust him . Hm . All right. I want a complete report on him from the life station . Cranium probe , neurosystems , everything , including psycho-electron recall . We can stop for hypernutrients and an energon treatment . - That 'll get you through the debriefing . - No . It 's not that I don 't appreciate your concerns but I have my own concerns . We only want to help you . I 'm sure . But I 'm not of your world . It 's highly probable your instruments could be destructive to me . - But they 're the very latest . - For your time , yes . I think I should be getting you ... May I see more of your ship ? This way . Our communication centre , where we can maintain a constant monitor on all the ships in the fleet . We seem to be receiving some electrical interference . ( Athena ) lt was fine a few centons ago . One of the problems of space travel - electrical voids and equipment failures . But I 'm sure you understand all that . Completely . I just heard from the bridge - our visitor just left with Sheba . - We 're tracking them down now . - Just left the bridge ? What are we running here ? A perfect stranger is given access to a sensitive military control centre ? It does seem a bit out of the ordinary . Out of the ordinary ? is that all you have to say ? There must be an explanation . The rejuvenation centre is here . It 'll be a nice place to rest . It 's time to ... to find Commander Adama . Adama ? You mean you know him ? Somebody mentioned his name . That is correct , isn 't it ? He is your commander ? Well , yes . He is our commander . Follow me . Where is he and how did he get free run of the ship ? - Who can answer me ? - l left him ... ( lblis ) Pardon me . You are Commander Adama . Count Iblis at your service . Thank you . I want to see each one of you later . Make sure we don 't have to look all over the ship for you . - ls the Officers ' Club suitable ? - Perfectly . I know you won 't leave there . Dismissed . I 've never seen him quite so unsettled . You 'd think we 'd deserted him . Why did you take a stranger into classified areas ? - He asked ... - You do everything you 're asked ? - Apollo . - You know what I mean . Look , I know it 's a little hard to explain but it wasn 't so much what he said as what I felt . He needed to feel order and security . So I took him someplace to help settle him . And he feels much better now . You 've been acting this way ever since we found Count Iblis . Why is he so important to you ? You don 't know who he is . - l know he cares . - For you ? For all of us . If I have to explain that to you then you 're far less sensitive than I thought . - She thinks I 'm insensitive . - You ? If you 're insensitive , where does that leave me ? As you probably realise , we are in a state of constant emergency . However , I trust you 'll find your quarters comfortable . I 'm infinitely grateful to you . And for delivering me from my enemies . Oh , your enemies ? Tell me about them . They are infinite . They are everywhere . They 're relentless . Who are they ? What are they called ? Where are they from ? Forgive my inability to communicate . There are things you might not understand . I 've been told I 'm fairly bright when given a chance . Oh , yes , of course . And generous to stop for one more survivor . That 's why I 'm not sure it 's wise to burden you with my fight . I don 't mean to infer that we can take on more enemies than we now have , but perhaps we are already fighting a common foe . There are infinitely more dangerous powers than your Cylons and all their allies combined . Let me bring you a more optimistic epistle . You 're searching for Earth . My son told you that . You are of the House of Kobol . Your tribes are scattered . The 13th journeyed to Earth several millennia ago . Tell me about their civilisation . It has known great rises and falls . Who are you ? Where are you from ? Are they strong enough to help us defeat the Cylons ? Your people will be safe ... under my leadership . Did I hear you correctly ? Did you say under your leadership ? Of course , Adama . Why do you think I 'm here ? I 've come to prepare your way to Earth . ( Adama ) ' Word of the mysterious stranger has swept through the fleet . 'His promises are giving our people their first real hope . ' And yet his presence , his unwillingness to submit to routine medical procedures , leaves me with grave doubts about his integrity or his ability to fulfil his bold promises . However , another major disappointment in the lives of our beleaguered survivors might spell the end of our journey ... or my ability to maintain order . The possibility of hope must be sustained . There are portable scanners . Surely you can get close enough to get a respiratory probe . I sent two of my best technicians to try . They both came back with broken scanners . I even sent Cassiopeia . When medical technology fails , we still resort to feminine wiles . Mm-hm . What happened ? He was the most charming man I 've ever met . The most charming ? That was on the outside . I have no idea what he 's like under that smile . Maybe you weren 't close enough to get a good scan . Can we discuss this without Starbuck around ? Look , this was all done in the line of duty . Wasn 't it ? I was certainly impressed by him . But the tape still came back empty . Excuse me . Empty tape ? That heart rate is dancing like a Cylon scanner . Oh . That 's my pulse rate . This is his . A straight line . You really got to him . It 's not Cassiopeia , gentlemen . It 's the equipment . Now , either it 's defective ... or he 's on some other wavelength . - Or he has some way of jamming us . - Possible . is it possible that this man , however handsome , - could be an android ? - A machine ? - Designed in every way to look like a man ? - Exactly . Our bio-robotics institutes were advanced . Dr Wilker would be your best expert on that subject . Isn 't it lovely here ? A veritable garden . We brought a few of everything we could in what little time we had , not knowing what we might find on Earth . What can we expect to find ? What do you wish to find ? A civilisation strong enough to fight back against the Cylons . That is not the quest which burns truly closest to your heart . Of course it is . That 's what we all want . - How would you know ? - l know you . I feel you . At this moment I am closer to your soul than anyone has ever been . You 're unlike anyone I 've ever known . Think , Sheba . Think with your soul ... and I will tell you your heart 's desire . Yes . Yes , of course , I should have known sooner . - You will see him again . - Who ? Your father . The legendary Commander Cain . You will see him again . How could you know what I was feeling ? All people are capable of feeling each other 's thoughts . It merely takes time and experience . Place your trust in me and I promise you all things will be possible . - What is it , Colonel ? - Nothing on the scanners . That 's not exactly accurate . They 're just too fast to get a reading . Their speed is beyond our comprehension . Commander , we 're receiving distress calls from every ship . - People are panicking ! - Put me on unicom . - Unicom activated . - People of the fleet , this is Commander Adama . Please maintain communication silence . There is no reason for alarm . The ships or manifestations we 're encountering do not appear to be in any way hostile . Only by keeping the com-lines free of random signals can we hope to utilise our scanners fully . Thank you . Scramble intercept . Yes , it is possible to construct a lifelike android that would be most difficult to tell from a real human . - But there are ways of telling . - ( Alarm ) - For one thing ... - Not now . Talk to you later . We hope . - What is it ? What are they ? - Don 't be frightened . They cannot hurt you when you 're with me . The lights ? But they 're so beautiful . Don 't be beguiled . Their glow conceals everlasting darkness . Look away , Sheba . You are safe with me . - Brie , do you see what I see ? - l 'm afraid I do . Kick in your turbos and let 's go after them . They just vanished . No , they just left us still compared to their speed . So what do we do ? Pursue or turn back ? Pursue what ? There 's nothing on my scanner . Except a ... ( High-pitched squealing ) Give Captain Apollo the coordinates of Red Squadron . But Father , we don 't have the coordinates of Red Squadron . - They just launched . - They 've disappeared . Like Silver Spar Squadron . What do I tell Blue Squadron ? Have them return at once . Why didn 't you mention those lights before ? We thought we were in a meteorite storm . This Count Iblis had our full attention . He did say something about them being after him . - Yes , he did but ... - Why wasn 't that important ? Nothing he was saying made any sense . He seemed to be in a state of shock . Suppose he were in a state of shock ? Suppose he was telling the truth and those beings were pursuing him ? Well , er ... we 've lost four ships without a trace . I don 't think we can fight these beings , whatever they are . I 'll tell you one thing . It 's time to take off the diplomatic gloves . If this Count is letting us send fighters in to die without a chance , then I don 't think much of him . He owes us some kind of an explanation . I think he 's right . We 're up against something we really don 't understand . Have Count Iblis brought to me at once . So this is where you play your games ? Triad. lt 's more than just a game . It 's a very important part of the well-being of our people . It gives them ... something to root for . A chance to win and be part of something . A moment away from the war and being caged up in small ships . I 'm a great believer in distraction . Even pleasure . What kind of games do your people play ? Games that would amaze you . Games of life . Games of death . How horrible . Far from it . Death is not the end , it 's just the beginning . You have a very dark side to you . There 's something about you that reminds me of my father . Of his love of war and conflict . That 's a very perceptive observation . And this war of yours , is it one of your choosing ? Commander Adama would like to share this discussion. lf you 'll follow me . The conversation was between Sheba and myself . Count Iblis , you will either accompany me as my guest or as my prisoner . Your choice . Apollo , you 're being terribly rude . Of course Count Iblis will go to see Adama if that is his wish . - Won 't you ? - lf it is your pleasure , my princess . Sheba . - Are you OK ? - Of course . What do you mean ? You don 't seem yourself . How would you know ? You never really knew me . This is the only man who has ever truly known me . Don 't make the mistake of threatening me again . Or you 'll forfeit your life in the wink of an eye . Forget it . There 'll be a better time . I think our guest just revealed his true colour . Be seated . Thank you . We have lost eight good men . What do you know about that ? - l told you I could protect you . - How ? Follow me , and I will lead you to safety . - Who are you ? - l am of another world . A degree of being developed far in advance of your own . - How can you verify that ? - Prepare three tests . As I have power to move that object , so I have the power to deliver your people . I will ask you once again . Who are you ? Where do you come from ? From that place where man 's ability to comprehend , to will , is highly accomplished . We use the powers of the mind to create what you deem to be miracles . For what purposes do you use these powers ? I converse out of courtesy . I know your questions before you ask them . I know your fears , your grievances . Your son , he 's thinking quickly of the pilots that you 've lost . That was not my doing . They were beyond my dominion . But that can change if you agree to follow me . - To Earth ? - lf you wish . It is of no importance to you where we go ? If your destiny is to Earth , let us begin the voyage . - Can you bring our pilots back ? - That might present a problem . Even if we include it amongst the three tests you will grant us ? These wishes must extend from this time forward . I cannot change that which already is . You will have our decision . Soon , I trust ? Because the powers you encountered will return again and again until you are under my protection . Our interceptors report a large number of flying objects . They are all around us . And yet , they are not . Adama . He has scientists aboard the Galactica . Perhaps it 's a technological breakthrough . Let us hope so . You would hope that the humans have made such a breakthrough ? The alternative is that we have encountered a new and more powerful force in the universe than our own . The people in these large freighters have fashioned dwellings as best they could . - lt 's appalling . - ( Woman ) Who asked you ? Don 't be rude . This man is our friend . Oh ? And where is the Count staying ? What kind of food is on his table ? How did you know who he is ? Everyone knows the Count , who has come with talk of miracles . Yes . Show us a miracle . Here . Take my meagre rations and multiply them . is that all you would have me do ? When you have but a single talon plant to last a secton , two plants would be miracle enough . Then you 'll have two , multiplied by all the ships in the fleet - if that is one of Adama 's wishes . Just the sort of answer to our prayers we might expect . Feel better , old man . Stand tall . I do not come here by chance . You follow me , I will lead you . ( Apollo ) Adama is the leader of this fleet ! Then why has he no compassion for these people living like animals ? My father doesn 't promise what no man can deliver . Adama has but to ask me and these people will have all the food and comfort they desire . Then forget Adama . We 'll follow you . Fill our cauldrons with food . Give us more heat . Deliver us to Earth , where we can live in peace . If I give you these things , will you follow me ? ( All shout ) Yes ! Yes ! There , Apollo . You have your answer . How will you deliver your promise ? Go to the agro ships . See for yourself . I can 't explain it . The trees have begun to bear fruit and multiply overnight . This doesn 't make sense . I want to bring samples of all these plants back to the Galactica . There must be a logical explanation . I can give you one . Something inordinate has happened here . I can tell you what it is . It 's a miracle , that 's what it is . ( Adama ) ' Though our pilots have been missing for a secton , 'spirits throughout the fleet remain inordinately high 'due to the presence of Count Iblis 'and his nightly feats of magic and promise . ' is he our deliverer ? Or ... I don 't know which way to turn . Look at it this way - wonderful things are happening . Food . A guide to help us find our way . Why are we making something sinister out of it ? Because something inside me says there 's something wrong . Nothing to do with the liking Sheba 's taken for the good Count ? Hey , I 'm sorry. I know better than that . Sometimes we feel things we don 't even realise . We are all human . Not necessarily . We have to do something . He 's convincing everyone he has supernatural powers . I know. lt 's been on my mind a great deal . Apollo , suppose he does have some extraordinary power ? - Oh , Father . - No ? We 're not alone in the universe . Who knows what other kinds of life forms exist out there ? Can you be sure the Lords of Kobol , from which our civilisation descended , did not themselves come from a race which advanced at a greater speed than our own ? Then why wouldn 't they reveal themselves ? Perhaps they have . Perhaps he 's the first contact with our ancient forefathers . Count Iblis representing a parent civilisation far in advance of our own ? - That 's frightening . - Why ? Because we 'd be powerless to control our own destinies . I 'm not so sure . Think of it , Apollo . He has asked us to follow him . - He has not commanded it . - That 's next ! - Maybe he can 't do so . - You 're saying he 's asking us to submit to his leadership of our own free will ? He may be descended from the same roots as our own race . Freedom of choice , to choose between one action or another , between good and evil , is the cornerstone of our civilisation . Father , if what you 're saying is true , this man is some kind of a god . Don 't you think we would appear to be gods to a race far more primitive ? He 's no more than a man but he 's a man from another time , with great strengths , great powers . But governed by the same rules we are . What are we gonna do ? The people are ready to follow him , whatever he is . He asked me to propose three tests of his powers . I suppose it 's time to do just that . You have agreed on three tests of my strength . The first is to deliver your enemy . The second is to accurately plot your course to Earth . The third ... the third you cannot agree on . Some want to know who I am , where l came from . The others are satisfied to accept me because of my works and willing to follow blindly providing I guarantee your safety . There 's no way he could have known . Only now have we voiced our choices and put them to a vote . You , Sire , are the most sceptical of all , with the possible exception of Commander Adama . Therefore , I will grant you your first wish before you have decided on your third . I will deliver your enemy unto you this night . ( All murmuring ) Any further news of these machines , these creatures , manifestations ? Our attack crafts are unable to pursue them . They are too swift . - Prepare my personal craft . - To what end ? Send out a long-range signal unidirectionally to the Galactica , wherever she is . Notify her that I wish to rendezvous with her . You expect to be treated under universal law after leading your brothers into annihilation of the Colonies ? It is my life that I risk . Do as I ask . By your command , Baltar . Omega , bring the fleet to full alert . - Yes , sir . - What is it ? What 's happening ? I have just received a direct communiqué from Baltar . What ? Requesting permission to come aboard under a universal sign of truce . Launch Blue Squadron to escort Baltar aboard . ( Adama ) ' This is an event unlike any we 've experienced 'since the destruction of our civilisation . 'Baltar 's ship is approaching 'and is being intercepted by an elite squadron 'which will escort the instrument of our holocaust directly into our hands . 'Word is spreading like sunbursts through every corner of the fleet . 'lt 's a jubilation unprecedented 'as Baltar is brought before the Council of 12 . 'lt is just as Count Iblis promised . 'Our enemy has been delivered . ' ST US By Tchen ..
