 'Moonbase Alpha status report , 1,608 days since leaving Earth 's orbit . 'Dr Helena Russell recording . 'We have encountered a bizarre , jewel-like asteroid . 'Our central computer is unable to give even a preliminary analysis . 'Commander John Koenig and Chief Eagle Pilot , Alan Carter 'are carrying out a close reconnaissance . ' Eagle 1 to Alpha . 'Eagle 1 to Alpha . Anything to report ? ' Commander , we 're being affected by an energy field of great magnitude . - Instruments are erratic . - ' Source ? ' - The asteroids are reconnoitring . - ' Can we set down ? ' Scanners show a localised atmosphere . Breathable . Area Zero D. It 's like some sort of invitation . Let 's accept it . Right , let 's go . ( Carter ) Looks like ice . Yeah , but the surface temperature 's warm . ( Bleeping ) That 's a malfunction alarm . - It 's in the stabilisers . - That 's strange . You handle it . I 'm going to have a look around . 'Koenig to Eagle 1 . Alan , I 've found some sort of cave entrance . ' Do you want to wait for me ? 'No , I 'm going in . I 'll report back every three minutes . ' OK . ( Electronic hum ) ( Electronic hum ) - ' Alan ? ' - What 's it like in there , John ? You can 't believe this place . It 's like a ... like a vast ... vast hall of mirrors . The composition appears to be some form of dense crystal . It could be the energy source . - ' Have you located the malfunction ? ' - I 'm still working on it . 'All right , keep trying . I 'm going to do some more exploring . ' ( Electronic hum ) - Alan ? - ' Yes , John ? ' I have a sample of the rock . I want to take off immediately . 'I haven 't finished adjusting the stabilisers yet . ' Five minutes . Alan , I 'm getting peculiar readings . Can you delay liftoff ? 'The Commander wants out of here now . ' 'A few minutes won 't make any difference . ' One minute could make a world of difference . Ready ? - ' I 'm getting strange readings . ' - So are we . This whole asteroid is one strange reading . Ready for liftoff ? I still haven 't managed to correct the malfunction on the stabilisers ... Hey ! OK . I can 't make anything of these , they 're incomplete . Why was the Commander in such a hurry ? We 'll know soon . He 's in the travel tube . Take this to the Observation Room . Don 't let it out of your sight . John ... Attention all Alphans , this is the Commander speaking . I 've just returned from an exploratory trip to the asteroid and I must tell you it poses a serious threat . We are presently surrounded by a very strong energy screen , which , if we do not neutralise , will render all of our instruments useless . In order to escape from this force , we will create an energy beam . We will direct this beam at the asteroid , which is like a crystal . 'It will reflect the beam back , cutting through the energy screen , 'breaking its hold on us . ' Time is our enemy . We have an enormous task to achieve . But I know I can count on the full co-operation and support of all Alphans on Moonbase to complete this task successfully . I want all construction crews to report to Main Technical Section to await instructions as to the beginning of exterior work . That is all . Any questions , anyone ? John , creating this energy beam will take too much power from our life support systems . It could be very serious . We 'll be in more trouble if we don 't . I haven 't had a chance to complete these read-outs ... It 's not necessary . Then I 'd like to analyse the sample you took . - There might be a way of breaking ... - I 've completed that analysis . - Without instruments ? - I had enough portable equipment . - But ... - Any other questions ? Yes . Your methods , Commander , your data is totally ... I don 't want to argue with you . I 'm not arguing . I 'm being scientific . We lack information . Are you questioning mine ? How can I question what I haven 't got ? As Science Officer , I insist ... You are confined to your quarters until further notice ! John ... You may leave now . She was only doing her job . And my job is to protect the safety of this base . It is my responsibility and mine alone . And none of us will survive without discipline . Remember that , all of you . Alan ... What happened on that asteroid ? I don 't know . I remained on the Eagle - we had a problem with the stabilisers . Could something have invaded him - a virus , a life form taken him over ? I 'm thinking he must have discovered something , some other danger inside those caves . And he doesn 't want us to know about it . Not yet , anyway . That 's a strong possibility . I 've come to parley with the mutineer . Why did the Commander turn on me ? Discipline , discipline , discipline . A throwback to Captain Bligh ! Captain ... Bligh ? Oh , forget it . How would you know ? You 're a Psychon . Yeah , you 're right . I am a Psychon . I might not know anything about your Captain ... - Bligh . - Bligh . But I 'm hypersensitive to all forms of living matter and when Helena tried to touch the Commander ... I sensed a coldness , he wouldn 't let her touch him . Yeah , I noticed that . He 's unwilling to talk , as if he 's withholding information . That 's why I was so insistent . He 's keeping us in the dark . Take that sample of crystal , he said he analysed it , but I don 't know the results . Take it easy , or you 'll have a fit and turn into some wild creature from outer space . Tony , I 'm being serious . The situation is serious . We 're not getting any right answers . Maya , what say we grab us an Eagle , go there , take a look for ourselves ? Ooh , who 's talking like a mutineer now ? That 's not mutiny , it 's security . If something 's wrong , we have a right to find out . He 's still our commander . If he is in control of his mind ... Say he isn 't . If he 's flipped , medically incompetent ... I talk like I 've been drinking my own beer . Is that possible ? John Koenig , medically incompetent ? Well , there 's one way of finding out . Talk to Dr Russell . Another drop in the oxygen recycling system . Four degrees . We can 't afford any more loss , Helena . If we start running out of clean air , we 're going to have sick people . ( Helena ) More trouble ? Same trouble . Check out other life support systems . See how much power loss there is . Yeah , OK . Go ahead , Tony . OK , I 'll lay it right on the line , Helena . If John won 't , or can 't , explain the change that 's come over him , if he won 't let us try to help him , if there 's something that he 's not telling us , or is helpless against , how do we stop him ? Those words are pretty strong , Tony . And Alpha 's getting pretty weak . My being Head of Security is a joke . He 's put a clamp on everybody . - I see what 's happening ... - You don 't like it , do you ? If you had your way , what would you do ? I 'd grab an Eagle and to try to find out what happened on that asteroid . Maya thinks that perhaps the crystal has the answer , that ... maybe it has some control over John . If we could prove that , he could be declared ... medically incompetent . And if you can 't prove that , if John is perfectly rational , doing it for the reasons that he says ... then it 's ... conspiracy . That word may be too strong for me . ( Electronic hum ) 'Commander Koenig , 'this is the voice of Kalthon . 'There is no escape for you . 'You are shut off from your people . ' Why are you holding me here ? What do you want from me , and my people ? 'You were a fortunate accident , Commander , 'coming into our path of space . ' I ask again , what do you want with me ? 'We need your stores of energy , sir . 'At this very moment , your people are aiding us to that end . ' You said " we " . 'My people . 'A black sun once appeared in our galaxy . 'It began to absorb all our energy . 'Our technology was powerless against it . 'But we managed to survive total extinction . 'Our scientists created a seed , 'endowed it with the remnants of our energy 'and launched it into limitless space . ' A seed ? 'The Heart of Kalthon , Commander . 'A whole civilisation . 'Everything is contained here . 'Cities , people , animal and vegetable life , 'all in microcosm , 'all in a state of suspended life , 'about to be reborn . ' So you 'd drain the energy - all the energy - from our world , and destroy us , so yours can be reborn ? What kind of uncivilised beings are you , to commit such a crime ? 'The process is about to begin , the seed about to be regenerated . 'The seed is programmed only for survival and resurrection . 'It cannot make moral choices 'or decisions . ' ( Electronic hum ) 'You are trapped . There is no escape . ' Energy reflector operational , Commander . - Unit 2 , status ? - ' Unit Two on schedule , sir . ' Unit 3 , status ? 'Unit 3 nearly completed , sir . ' Attention , all construction crews . I want the reflector completed and operational by 1900 hours . 'Dr Russell outside to see you , sir . ' Have her come in . There are guards all over the place . These are special circumstances . There are a lot of guards on duty . What is it , Helena ? Time keeps running away from me . I can 't stop . Well , I could talk about what 's happening to Alpha , the jeopardy to our entire life support system . What is more important is , what has happened to you . Nothing . I 've got a job to do and I 'm trying to do it . What really happened on that asteroid , John ? Why are you shutting me out ? I 'm not ! I told you all , if we don 't break this force , we 'll all perish ! It may be too late for us by then . I want you to have a medical check-up . You 've been exposed to ... Helena , I can 't stop for anything . Nothing ! I could order you to have a medical examination . The overall command of Alpha is your responsibility . - But ? - As Chief of the Medical Staff , the health of everyone on Alpha is MY responsibility . - If I suspect anything ... - Helena , do you think I would jeopardise the lives of our people ? Trust me . I must check in with the construction crews . Don 't you think it 's time to release Maya from her quarters ? They need her in Command Center . I 'm the one who will make that decision . Dr Russell ... When this is all over , I will have that medical examination . I touched him , his skin was like ice . It was eerie , hardly ... Say it , Helena . Go ahead , say it . Hardly human ? Hardly human . What surprised me is that he let you touch him . He tried to avoid it . Did he react ? Did he say anything ? At the moment of contact , neither of us said anything . I was too shocked . Do you think he suspects anything ? Well , he had to . I ... I reacted to the iciness of his skin . The thing is that up until that moment , I believed everything he said . ( Tony ) And now ? I 'm afraid . The answer 's in the crystal . Yeah . So our next move is we get the crystal , right ? Do we tell Alan ? No . No , not yet . Not until we 're absolutely sure . OK , Maya , the first move is yours . - Gonna call it quits for now ? - I 'd like to call it quits for ever . I know what you mean . I 'm ready to go in now . ( Helena ) ' Tony will keep him in Command Center as long as he can . 'You 'll have to hurry . ' - Forgot something . - I 'll never tell . Cranston . Yes , Commander ? Did you program Main Power Plant for transfer to energy reflector units ? Your orders have been carried out , sir . It 's incredible . I 've never seen anything like it . This is no crystal . It 's an unbelievably dense , complex type of living matter from which all energy has been drained , but it 's not dead . Only dormant , like a seed . It 's impossible to imagine the effects that such a substance could have on a human being . How can we help John combat it ? We have to face the possibility that Commander Koenig may ... no longer be ... flesh and blood . 'You are trapped . There is no escape . 'You are trapped . There is no escape . 'You are trapped . There is no escape . ( Kalthon ) ' You are trapped ! There is no escape ! ' ( High-pitched tone ) It works ! The ultra-frequency sound split the molecules into particles that bombard the crystal . We 've got to get to the asteroid and knock out the rest of that stuff . I 'm trying to understand but I don 't buy it . You have a lot of theories . You can 't prove anything . How can you be so blind ? Can 't you see what 's happening ? What 's happening is crazy talk . We 've just demonstrated very odd properties in this crystal . - We 've seen a lot odder than that . - But ? But it didn 't cause us to make crazy accusations . Alan , please listen . You accept that the Commander is not behaving in his usual manner ? OK , he 's uptight . Helena touched him . His skin was as cold as ice . Its texture and temperature approximates that crystal . You said something happened to him . I said he found out something . A terrible threat he doesn 't want us to know about . Or something 's got control of him . We 're talking about John Koenig ! You remember him ? John Koenig ! - We 're as loyal to John as you are . - You 're not showing it . - Oh , arguing isn 't going to help . - No . Or convince him , apparently . - Maybe we can . - Yeah ? How ? - You 've got to help us get an Eagle . - All the Eagles are grounded . We know . By " help " , you mean " steal " . I can 't do that . Come on , Alan ! It goes against all instinct , all training . Instinct , training . You 're hiding behind words . Words , huh ? Well , they may be just words to you , but to me they add up to something else . Loyalty and duty . My duty is to John . - If it was , you would help him . - Exactly . Huh ? Well , in my book , cobber , your kind of help is mutiny . 'This is the Commander . 'All personnel will remain at their posts or in their quarters 'during the transfer of power to the energy beam . 'Deactivate main circuits . ' Support system 3 is cutting out . Effect the transfer . Life support system 6 is fading out . Commander Koenig , Medical Center . 'I have no time for conversation . ' I 'm losing life support systems 3 and 6 . If you take any more power away , some people ... 'Some people may die . But some people are not all the people . ' Mr Verdeschi , you shouldn 't be here . No one may take Eagles without orders from the Commander . And I have orders to disarm all personnel . I 'm not armed . I have orders to inform the Commander of any unauthorised personnel ... 'Alpha to Eagle 1 . Return to base immediately . Return to base ... ' John , there is one question that I 've got to ask you and it 's vital that you give me an honest answer . ( Beep ) - Yes , what is it ? - ' Eagle 1 is spaceborne , sir . ' 'Where 's it heading ? ' For the asteroid . Shoot it down . 'You cannot mean that . ' Are you asking to be relieved of duty ? 'No , sir . ' - John ... - ' John ? ' Activate laser gun ! - ' The laser ? ' - You heard me ! - That is one of our Eagles . - I gave you an order ! Obey it ! 'Weapons Section . ' Prepare the laser gun . - ' Laser gun on target . ' - Shoot it down . - ' Would you repeat that ? ' - SHOOT IT DOWN ! Tony , when we touch down , what 's our plan of action ? We 'll have to play it by ear , Maya . But one thing 's for sure . We stay together . Carter ! I gave orders to shoot that craft down ! What sort of insubordination is this ? Commander , I can 't do it . I ... I know who 's up there . Tony and Maya . - I ordered you to fire ! - Well , I won 't do it ! Oh , come on , Commander . I can 't . Commander , you can 't ! ( Helena ) John ! If you fire those lasers , power will be diverted from your energy beam . That 'll throw everything off schedule . Put everything behind time . You said time keeps running away from you . That 's what you said , isn 't it ? Retract laser gun . Weapons Section , retract the laser gun . I owe you all an apology . I have been withholding information from you . I realise now it was a mistake . That asteroid is not only draining our power , it 's ... Don 't listen to him . This is not John Koenig . Helena , what are you talking about ? If I 'm not John Koenig , who am I ? Touch him . Go ahead , Alan . He 's like ice . She 's right . I am like ice . Something did affect me on that asteroid . I don 't know what it was . But I do know that ... we 'll never be free again unless we break that asteroid 's hold on us , on me . He 's not telling the truth . That 's why I gave strict instructions that no one leave Alpha . I would rather have had them shot down than go there and face dangers beyond the ones I faced . I only hope it 's not too late to save them . Please , believe me . Something 's wrong . It isn 't the way he says . Helena , please try to get hold of yourself . Don 't force me to use my authority as commander . I 'd hate to have to confine you to your quarters , nor do I want to order you to Medical Center for observation . Perhaps I ... have been upset . We 've all been under strain . San , increase the energy flow to the beam . We 've got to break free . Wow ! That energy reflector is beginning to cook this place . There 's the cave , like Alan said . ( Electronic hum ) Tony ! - Commander ! - We 've just left him on Alpha . Wait a second . The lettering on his jacket is backwards . It 's like a reflection . - Reflection ? - From where ? Maya , what are you doing ? ( Explosion ) I think this is the Commander . Are you saying he transported himself down here ? I don 't think he ever left . John ? John ? He can 't respond as long as he 's frozen in that state . If that really is John , then who 's that on Alpha ? His reflection , or an intelligent life form that can take form from a reflection . Stand back . OK , so how do we break him free ? Laser . I mean , without killing him . If we don 't move quickly , it won 't matter . John , I don 't know if you can hear me , but if you can ... I 'm going to use my laser . I 'll break away fast so I can cut the beam as soon as possible . Oh , am I glad to see you ! - You all right ? - Yeah , I 'm fine . - Your image is up on Alpha . - I know . - We don 't know what he 's doing . - He 's regenerating a civilisation . This place will explode into life any second . That 's why he needs our energy . How is he draining off the power ? - A reflector , beaming the energy . - To the seed . The Heart of Kalthon . It 's like an embryo , the crux of everything . I 've seen it . It 's here , somewhere in this complex . - If we find it , we can destroy it . - ( Tony ) With sound . High frequency sound . Maya split the crystal with sonar . I programmed our comlocks to the same pitch . - I 'll take your Eagle back to Alpha . - It won 't be easy . He 's in command . Only Helena suspects something . - Even Alan believes he 's you . - Yeah . Find the Heart of Kalthon and destroy it . We 'll pick you up later . Well , time to play our song . ( Echoing laughter ) It 's on the other side . ( Laughter ) ( Kalthon ) ' You are trapped ! Trapped for ever ! 'There is no escape ! ' ( Laughter ) 'You will stay frozen for ever ! ' Increase power flow to maximum plus five . Commander , our temperature is dropping . This will eliminate half our instruments . Do it ! Water in the recycling plant is frozen . Hydroponics ... frozen . Protein production unit , inoperative . Maintain power level as is . The oxygen units have failed . We must have more power . We need all power for the beam . Alpha is dying ! Can 't you realise that ? I will not have my orders questioned ! Back to your posts ! - We can 't go along with this . - You 're relieved of duty . Alan , stop him . - Alan , back to your post ! - John ! Increase power to maximum plus 15 . We can 't . We 'll destroy Alpha ! - I gave you an order ! - That order is countermanded . You 're at my desk , alien . That is an image creature projected by the asteroid . Don 't listen to it . Destroy it . Destroy it ! One of us is real , one a reflection . I was on that asteroid . I know what its force is trying to do to us . - It 's running out of time . - That 's the truth . If it can 't drain the last of our power , it 'll die . So it sent my reflection to confuse us , to steal a few moments to complete the transfer . Helena , you can tell us apart . Things we 've shared , he can 't know . I need no further proof than his actions . Oh , how clever they are . How very clever . They 've got me acting contrary to my own character . Even Dr Russell doubts me . Not only Dr Russell . Alan , Alan ... Alan , look at the jacket . The lettering on the jacket , it 's reversed . I ask you , which one of us is the reflection ? It 's backwards because he switched jackets . But he overlooked one thing - the hair . Alan , Helena , the part in my hair . ( Laughing ) You 're too late ! Nothing can stop us now ! We will regenerate ! Kalthon lives ! Kalthon dies . KALTHON LIVES ! ( Screaming in agony ) ( Piercing tone ) ( Screaming continues )
