 I deliver perfection ... and don 't brag about it ! : D Ian Fleming creates James Bond in 1952 , and by the end of that decade the character has made quite an impact in the world of popular literature . In the 1960s , secret agent 007 becomes a cultural icon . But , James , I need you . So does England . In the summer of 1977 , the success of " The Spy Who Loved Me " firmly establishes the character 's enduring popularity and gives producer Albert R " Cubby " Broccoli enormous clout to make his next 007 adventure the biggest yet . For James Bond the sky is no longer the limit . After our last picture , The Spy Who Loved Me , we 've done twice as much business on that film as we 've done on any other Bond film , including your Sean Connerys . We 've found that the public is more interested than ever . At the close of " The Spy Who Loved Me " , filmmakers announce the next Bond film will be " For Your Eyes Only " . With the resurgent popularity of science fiction , Cubby Broccoli and United Artists quickly decide to change course and film lan Fleming 's third Bond novel , " Moonraker " . James Bond into space , out and beyond . 007 . Fleming 's story of a mad industrialist who builds an ICBM with an atomic warhead aimed at London is considered too tame for the times . When he wrote " Moonraker " it was a little , piddling rocket that went up to destroy London . Nobody would notice , especially when you 've just done a movie in which somebody is going to destroy the world . We have to advance ourselves with the story . The filmmakers keep the name of the villain and little else . Work immediately starts on building a story . We were very interested in making a spectacular film , an extravagant film . That was the concept : Bigger and better . Cubby decided we had to go into space . And NASA was planning to get their space shuttle off before our film got off . We were hoping to coincide with the shuttle going up for real , and we would open our picture with a shuttle in it . Marvellous ! The concept of James Bond in space seems irresistible , but Cubby Broccoli wants to make certain the film will be based on reality . We 're not science fiction . We 're science fact . With that edict , the writing process begins . The working process on any Bond movie , in terms of writing the script , is a fairly communal activity . It 's all done by committee , it 's a team . The beauty of the Bond films is that there was no hierarchy when it came to ideas . You could have been the accounts assistant with some outrageous idea , and that would have been taken on board . We seem to know what the public wants . We had to go for some things , so we went for the action and the comedy . One of the problems with writing a James Bond movie is to find places to go to which are exotic and exciting , which nobody has been to . I went with Bill Cartlidge to India and Nepal . We looked around to see what we could do there . From that trip we reckoned we 'd need a lot more preparation than we had time for . Ultimately we went there on " Octopussy " . It has to be right for the story and we just couldn 't see the elements . For one key location the crew travels to Brazil . I came down here on a trip and suddenly saw all of this , and it gave us an idea . Cubby was taken on a trip to Iguazu Falls ... He looks at the second-largest falls in the world , totally unexploited by filmmakers , and says : " We 've gotta shoot some of James Bond there . " In those days , the Concorde flew from Paris to Rio and it was a five-hour trip . We were flying around Brazil in private Lear jets , going through de Janeiro , Iguazu Falls San Salvador and decided " Well , Brazil has some ... potential . " Never have I felt more like James Bond , staying at the best hotels , beautiful women , beautiful situations , and getting paid for it . We then fashioned a sequence for the Rio carnival . What we did ... the Mardi Gras , we shot a year before the real one . That is a major , huge event , and although the script wasn 't finished by a long shot we did actually mount , effectively , a documentary kind of unit . I went with Claude Renoir and a camera team and we shot the real carnival , the Mardi Gras . With the story coming together , other factors affect the filmmakers . The British government at that time decided that it wanted to change its tax laws . There was a feeling that it was necessary to move out of the country . And I had worked in France so they asked me if , without losing production value , we could do the film in France . And it was a tall order . And I said , after surveying all the studios in Paris , " Provided I get every studio in Paris . " We took over all the stages , which didn 't make us too popular . Even for a film as large as " Moonraker " some ideas proved too ambitious at the time . There were two small aircraft called microlights , and they were based at an airfield in Oklahoma . So Cubby suggested I go out to Oklahoma , look at these aircraft , decide what we needed , how we were going to film ... The planned sequence is ultimately dropped from the film , but not from the minds of the filmmakers . These never made it into " Moonraker " but we did use them for " Octopussy " , where Bond uses it to make his escape . An element which cannot be ignored is the movie 's complex special effects . At first the producers turned to some of the most prominent companies in the US . An agent came in with a demand that was more than we thought it should cost , and a percentage . The guy said " Yeah , we want two per cent of the profit . " I said " We can 't do that . That 's ridiculous . " At which point Cubby Broccoli said " Show them the door " , and " How are we gonna do it , boys ? " We didn 't have the time to do any opticals . It was very difficult in those days to figure out how these things could be done . We had quite a few hundred shots to do in space . We had front projection and rear projection . We had roller-scoping . I came up with this idea , which is not a new idea , to wind back in the camera . Shoot elements and then wind back the film in the camera , shoot the element , wind back the film in the camera and shoot another element . We started to do this and we all got very nervous . You had to get them lined up so that none were superimposed over another , cos that would give away the fact that these were shot in separate elements . So we did a few tests and we realised that it was quite a way of actually achieving a fantastic quality . Derek Meddings and his crew take over Pinewood Studios to shoot the effects . " Moonraker " is now set to shoot in four studios in three different countries , and the filmmakers are still scouting locations . I was in Venice when I was informed of what the budget of the picture might be . Bill Cartlidge came in and he was beside himself . He couldn 't believe it . I rang Cubby and said " I 've got interesting news . " I said " It 's really rather a lot of money , Cubby . It 's $ 32 million . " We went through it and ... it was ... it was all there . He said " Yeah , that 's a lot of money . It ' is ' a lot of money . " " But things cost a lot of money if you wanna do it right . " He was very cool about that . Enjoy your flight . One element which must be done right is the film 's pre-credit sequence , climaxing with the most ambitious fight scene ever filmed . I had an idea that I 'd written up and put in a drawer . Michael Wilson came to us and said " Look , I 've got this crazy idea about having Bond thrown out of the airplane without a parachute . " There were several problems with this . Could parachutes be made small enough to fit under clothing so it wasn 't obvious ? The other problem was shooting in Panavision , wide-scope . All the lenses were very heavy and very big . The fact is , you have a camera on top of somebody 's head . That was going to become a major stumbling block . Everything 's fine when you 're in free fall . What 's really dangerous is when you pull the parachute cord . The G-force is colossal . It 'll break the neck of the camera operator when he opens up his parachute . I was in Paris , around the Boulevard St Michel . There was an old camera store there , a lot of second-hand stuff , and in the corner I saw something that looked like a wide-angle lens , very small . I said " What is that ? " and they said " Oh , that 's an old Panavision lens . " Panavision lenses with glass were quite heavy , and this was a plastic lens . I said " Well , Panavision rents everything ... " " Well , that was an experimental model that was never used . " We actually built a special camera . They made a titanium body , very lightweight . A great deal of research had gone into designing and building a helmet camera that could carry a hundred feet of film and possibly an anamorphic lens . Cubby wasn 't sure it could happen , but he told Michael : " OK , you can try it , but do it way before principal photography so if they don 't do it right we can do something else . " John Glen and I went out to California . I again broke the sequence down into very easy , manageable pieces , and all I was looking for were three-second cuts . Each time they went up they 'd do a three-second cut . We went down to Po Valley and the star was Roger Moore . BJ 's different to me . I was more like Roger Moore . So my very first stunt job , I got to double James Bond . And he throws his arms back and he goes haring down and catches up with BJ Worth who was playing the pilot . I was a world champion and captain of the US team . My partner was a free-fall photographer . Despite the lightweight camera , cinematographer Randy De Luca must still create a special technique to soften the shock on his neck when the parachute deploys . He used to tie a rope around the parachute so it would open slowly . When you 're doing free-fall stuff the ground is coming up very quickly . It would take him two or three times longer to deploy his chute . The boys made 88 jumps and John Glen would edit the material as they did it and tell them exactly what to do on each jump . I would get the rushes . We 'd run it the next day on the airfield . We didn 't know much about making a movie . I knew very little . John Glen taught us a ton of stuff . He directed and put the whole sequence together , and that 's how we got the parachute-jump sequence . As deadlines loom , Cubby Broccoli and Lewis Gilbert cast the key roles in Paris . I 'd made about three pictures in France before this one , and I knew a lot of the technicians and I knew a lot of the actors . And I knew that Lonsdale spoke very good English . They wanted a French actor because it was a coproduction , and if you make a coproduction you had to have a French actor . So I met Lewis Gilbert and immediately it was settled to be done - voilá ! Michael Lonsdale is a very fine French-speaking , English-speaking actor . Totally bilingual . It is wonderful to be the villain , and say " I 'm going to destroy the world . " " The end of civilisation as you know it . " The role of Dr Holly Goodhead is cast through a chance encounter . I happened to meet her on a plane . It was very strange because I was assigned a seat next to him . He was talking about this movie and I wasn 't really interested in working . I just wanted to go home and be with my friends and get away from it all . But I thought that was very odd that I would be assigned the seat next to him . And I thought " Wouldn 't it be strange if this was the next film I did ? " And ... and it is ! She was American - very different from the other Bond girls . She had a very cool exterior . Your powers of observation do you credit , Mr Bond . It is Mr Bond , isn 't it ? James . To my friends . Holly Goodhead . The name of Holly Goodhead was something I came up with because it was very , very Fleming . I have to be honest . I have to say that I actually like that I have one of the more obscene names . I do . Some parts are cast close to home . The part of Chang is played by Toshiro Suga , Michael Wilson 's Parisian aikido teacher . By popular demand , Richard Kiel returns to the role of Jaws . We shot " Spy " with two endings . He sort of comes out of the water and he 's fine . We could have killed him off but we shot that as an additional scene just in case . When the director 's grandson saw " The Spy Who Loved Me " , he said " Grandpa , I like Jaws . Why does he have to be a bad guy ? " We got an enormous amount of fan mail . An enormous number from children saying why can 't he be a goody . Before production begins , cinematographer Claude Renoir is forced to withdraw from the project . The cameraman was going to be Claude Renoir , who had a good relationship with Lewis . A wonderful cameraman , a wonderful artist . The one thing a director of photography can 't afford is to lose his eyesight , and that 's what happened to Claude . I had worked with a French cameraman before , in England , called Jean Tournier , on " Allez France " . And Jean and I had a good relationship . Very experienced cameraman . Did a wonderful job on the film . Production formally begins on August 11 , 1978 , at Epinay Studios . The first day 's shooting takes place on one of Ken Adam 's ambitious creations , the Great Chamber . The set is almost not ready in time for the cameras . The Great Chamber I had problems with because I wanted it to look artificial , so I wanted all the rocks to look like real rocks but not be real rocks - be like glass . We worked day and night on this thing . The English members of the crew must adjust to the French style of working . You start at 11 o 'clock in the morning , and shoot through , without a break , till seven in the evening . The scene , which looks simple , requires a unit to shoot in Guatemala for the exteriors of the pyramid , and another unit to travel to the United States . Most of it involved a 24ft python . We got those out in Tarzana . There was a fella had a pair of them and , uh ... put them in big boxes . They weighed 400 pounds each and we brought them out to Florida . The pythons , you put them in the water and they just get up on the bank and want to sun themselves on the float , cos it 's too cold in the water . So , to have them chase our actor , we 'd put the stuntman in the water , take the python , drop him out of a boat , and he 'd swim towards the man and just pass him and get up on the float . To complete the scene back in France , the crew must move across town to the Studio De Boulogne where Ken Adam has built his control-room set . Which I called the Mondrian set because somehow , when it was all up , and with the various projections and colours and black lines , it reminded me of Mondrian painting . By the third week of filming , the crew was in their third studio : Billancourt . Come on , Mr Bond . A 70-year-old can take three Gs . By this time it wasn 't just the actors who were getting dizzy . From Lewis Gilbert 's point of view it was a nightmare to have to keep all that in his mind . Initially the workload causes friction between Ken Adam and his French crew . Max Douy was head of the French union . He said : " Ken , if you think that we are going to work weekends like you normally do , and the amount of overtime , in France you 've got another thought coming . " The French do work in a different way . And I said " Well , Max , I can 't force you to work overtime , but I 've never known a Bond not to involve overtime . " So he said " Well , I feel very sorry about it , but I will not be able to talk my members into this . " Ultimately it is the artistry of Ken Adam 's designs which convince the French crew to work to complete the sets on time . Not only did they work Saturday and Sundays but they brought in their families on Sundays as well , because they were excited with what they were doing . To achieve the effect of G-forces , the filmmakers resort to a simple technique . Roger Moore would hold the air line just off of camera so you couldn 't see it , and he would blow all his facial tissues to give the feeling of centrifugal force . The Drax residence . The crew films parts of Drax 's estate at this chateau . But the chateau is meant to be located in southern California . Again , a unit travels to the United States . We used the Mojave Desert as a location , and I shot a number of plates there . Then there 's the journey that Bond takes from Los Angeles . We had to shoot doubles taking off . On September 25 the crew begins filming in the famed monastery of San Nicoló on the Venice Lido . I used the interior of that monastery as M 's office , and Moneypenny 's office . The monastery takes its name from someone even more famous than Bond : St Nicholas , also known as Santa Claus . In Venice the unit must shoot a mammoth action scene in a city made up of 118 islands and 400 bridges . Writer Christopher Wood wanted Bond to take Venice by motorcycle . Bond getting on a motorbike , screaming around ... We could 've used the bridges ... Motorbikes spinning off and landing on gondolas ... The gondola , which was a splendid idea , sort of rang a change on the normal boat-chase thing . What we did was get a gondola . We had to get a clapped-out one and rebuild it , because nobody would sell us their prize gondola . Gondolas are not designed to travel at high speed , a problem the crew discovers when they mount one with a 120-horsepower engine . They get this thing out and wind it up . It went up to about 15 , possibly more . We didn 't have a speedo on the damn thing . It suddenly ploughed itself straight under and down to the bottom . That was the first experiment that didn 't work . Ultimately the crew customise four gondolas for the sequence , sending them through the canals of Venice at 60 miles per hour . To cap the sequence , the gondola becomes a hovercraft . It seems like such a simple idea - in the script . There was the illusion that the thing rose up out of the water . And so I 'm sitting in a nice , grey silk suit on the thing , and push the button , and the thing starts to rise up out of the water , and then plop ! It throws me into the lagoon . There are 40,000 tourists watching . They think that 's rather fun . I don 't think it 's fun and I have to go and change my suit . We 'd been given the impression that the tourists had gone away . Well , they hadn 't . Five times it tipped over , and I only had five suits . One more take and we couldn 't have done it . We shot at a time when there were thousands of tourists . To try and clear St Mark 's Square with the police was impossible . The most complicated thing was the amount of people that wanted to watch us shooting . The police said " Don 't worry , we 'll keep the crowd back . " Well , they formed them in two lines , like the Coronation . Roger drove across the square , and it was ludicrous . It made life for the director and the people working on the set very difficult . So I said to them in the end " Look , whatever you do , just disappear . " " Just take all the police away and don 't worry about it . " You can 't control ordinary tourists . They don 't know there 's a film going on . Well , of course , they all reacted : " What the hell is going on ? " I was absolutely petrified . I 'm driving and I don 't have that much control over it . It was a bit tricky because it was a very unwieldy vehicle . Venice proves to be the eleventh and last time Bernard Lee appears as M , a role he created in " Dr No " . I think I can recall you mentioning it . I remember a lovely story cos my wife was there , and Geoffrey Keen , and we were all going out to dinner . And , um ... we met downstairs in the hotel where we were all staying and suddenly Bernard saw they 'd got a piano there . So he started playing the piano and all the people sitting round were fascinated . We said " Come on , Bernard , we must go to dinner now . " And he said " It 's all right , I 'll come in a minute . " We waited and we said " Look , we 've got a table booked . We 're going . " " All right , old boy , you go . I 'll follow you in a minute . " He never came . And when we came back he was still playing the piano to this adoring audience all the way round him . Oh , he was a wonderful man , he really was . I loved that man . Mr Drax will see Mr Bond in the drawing room , Miss Dufour . In November , the unit moves back to France where they take advantage of the local architecture at this chateau , the new Pompidou Centre , and even some local mining shafts . Eventually , the crew even shoot at a hangar at Charles de Gaulle airport . It is the amazing production design by Ken Adam which brings the film to life . Astonishing . Each time we went to a new set , I had a real shock . The Ken Adam sets were extraordinary . I can 't believe how incredible they are . I think , for the audience , the Ken Adam sets in " Moonraker " were why the film was such a big success . Director Gilbert films many record-breaking moments , including the largest amount of breakaway glass ever used in one scene . And the largest simulated weightless scene ever filmed , which is shot on the largest indoor set ever built in France . The weightless scene was a big operation . The space stuff was done for real in the sense that we had to construct those sets to make them work . We did have to suspend people . It was very , very difficult . You wear a harness underneath and you 've got cables . You can do different movements . You can do somersaults . We had principals weightless , which is difficult . I loved it . It was like being a trapeze artist or a bird or something . It took hours and hours of rigging , days and days of rigging , to get it right . Some weightless scenes harbour other challenges . My God ! What 's Bond doing ? I think he 's attempting re-entry , sir . We got smashed into each other a few times and pulled apart a few times . It was really funny . Somebody watching it would probably be hysterical but ... it felt really uncomfortable . Take a giant step for mankind . The camera was on the floor and shooting upways and I was suspended on a little wire , very thin . And up I went 15 metres . That was impressive ! Looking down was a strange feeling . Tremendous experience ! After Christmas in Paris , the cast and crew leave for Rio de Janeiro . Roger Moore , recovering from kidney stones , follows a few days later . We then arrived in Rio . The plane landed . I could see the unit shooting the arrival of Concorde . And then the plane went over to a special area . I had to get off , go in , get made up , get dressed , get back on the plane , then walk down the steps for Bond arriving in Rio , not me from renal colics . Within two days , the crew begins filming the most challenging stunt sequences . We had a fight on top of the cable car . It was a difficult sequence to do because you had these guys fighting on the top . What we did is have a normal-size stunt fellow , and Dickie Graydon , who was very small . I doubled for Richard Kiel . It was considered that I would be able to double Roger Moore because I was smaller . The first time you go up , there 's an experience where it 's very exciting . That 's when the excitement and the fear - it 's very closely related . I remember the production manager , Bill Cartlidge , watching these guys rehearse all day . I said " It doesn 't look too difficult . I 'll have a go myself " in an attempt to get the price down . They said " Bill , if you 'll go up on top of the cable car and just stand there , and ride it up and back , we 'll do you a deal . " When called upon to do so , I decided to pay the original price suggested . We couldn 't be attached by wires because we were weaving in and out of the structure at the top of the cable car . We were always grabbing something , to be in contact with something secure . We were about 2,000 feet above the ground . It 's like the size of a billiard table , if you like . There was one item of the fight that I felt was unreal , to be unattached . That was when I had to fall over the edge of the cable car , grab a rail with one hand and hang over the valley . He had his harness on but he didn 't have the cable ready because this shot was gonna take place later in the day . Lewis Gilbert was over on the land and he shouted across : " Is the stuntman ready to fall over the side ? " Richard didn 't have his cable on , but he was so brave and he didn 't want to embarrass everybody by saying " I 'm not ready " . So he actually did the shot without the safety cable on . So when I was falling down over the edge , I hung on to the top of the roof with my hand to act as a brake . I still nevertheless went over the edge . I was so worried about this , and suddenly he fell and was hanging by his hands over this thousand-foot drop . That was a nasty moment cos there was nothing you could do but hope it works . I forgot to say " Cut " , and the chap was hanging there , and suddenly my assistant nudged me and says " Cut , cut ! " It was so dangerous and so realistic , I could just see this poor man falling . That was probably the most dangerous feeling I 've had in any stunt of my career . The crew shoots Bond and Holly escaping from an ambulance , with dummies standing in for the stars , before tackling the re-creation of Carnival with over 700 extras . Meanwhile , the second unit , directed by Ernie Day , attempts to film the scene which brought James Bond to Brazil . We went to Brazil in the first place because of this unique location at Iguazu Falls . Iguazu Falls is I think probably the widest in the world . It runs across in a series of cataracts , probably a mile , mile and a half , and it stretches across three countries . The idea that Jaws goes over the falls , Bond takes off on a hang-glider ... Trying to shoot that sequence at Iguazu , on those falls , was going to be more than a little tricky . Every aspect of the scene proves difficult . The first task is to film a hang-glider above the falls . I actually had to organise overflying permission from three countries that weren 't talking to each other . Glider pilot John Long has many concerns about the location . Hang-gliding in the South Downs in England is a completely different deal to trying to do it in the Tropics , over the top of a waterfall with the updraughts , downdraughts , water spray and everything else . We didn 't have enough fuel for him to do anything more than land , hopefully somewhere in the vicinity . After several sort of aborted attempts at flying round , he eventually gave it a shot at just flying over . Lost lift , lost control , crashed into the trees and ended up with us all rushing down to retrieve him . The shot of a real hang-glider going over the falls is scrapped . The next challenge is to send speedboats over the edge . Our task was to manoeuvre this boat into a position just above the edge of the fall , so that on cue we could release it , and we 'd have cameras at the bottom of the falls to see the boat come over and crash down into the bottom . After days of work to manually position the boat near the falls , the crew is finally ready to shoot the big event . We got the boat out there . Despite my pleas , they said " No , cut it free , release it " , which we did . It was by nature an experiment , because nobody knew what was gonna happen . The boat came down , and immediately impaled itself on a rock , absolutely right on the edge of the fall . It got stuck . It actually got stuck right on the edge and didn 't go over . I think the front three feet of the boat were over the edge , and the back of it was firmly jammed on the rock . It sat there teetering on the edge of the second-largest falls in the world . To get the scale of it , it was a little pimple right on the edge of the rock there , and it failed to go over . The water at that point was on average probably about four feet deep . Solid water pouring over the edge . That 's 300 feet straight down . In a very foolish , weak moment I said " Well , if we get a helicopter , the helicopter can lower me down on to the boat and I 'll try and push it over . " We got this helicopter , and John Richardson himself , off of a wire , suspended from the helicopter , was actually dangled over this speedboat . It actually dropped me in the water three times and I disappeared underneath , then into the bushes on a little island twice . I eventually managed to get in the water and I was up to the chest holding on to the boat , trying to shift it , which I couldn 't do . Some stunts are performed , on Bond films , which never get to be seen . We tied a rope from my harness on to the cargo lifting-point and we flew back out . And now , having got hold of the front of the boat , the helicopter 's trying to lift and pull out over the edge . I 'm holding on desperately , my arms getting longer and longer . The noise from the falls is tremendous . You can 't hear yourself speak . Suddenly over the top of it I could hear this ping-ping-ping-ping-ping noise , and I 'm sort of trying desperately to figure what on earth it is , until I suddenly realised it was the stitching on my harness breaking , one ping at a time . So , with that , I let go . That was probably a bigger and better stunt than you 're ever likely to see in the movie . But that was just to get to the stunt . As luck would have it , it poured with rain about a hundred miles upriver overnight . When we came out in the morning the boat had gone . I was extremely relieved . The sequence is ultimately completed at Pinewood Studios using miniatures . The boat chase itself must be filmed in Florida . In the end , including background plates and special-effects shots , the falls appear on screen for less than one minute . James Bond proves unable to conquer Mother Nature . Moonraker launch programme now commencing . The question remains : Will the filmmakers be able to have 007 conquer outer space ? The responsibility rests with one man : Derek Meddings . Derek Meddings was ... He personifies the word " unique " because there was nobody like Derek Meddings . I think he was probably the greatest model director in this industry . Yet Meddings and his crew choose the most risky technique to achieve the effects in " Moonraker " . One mistake and each multiple-exposure shot must be re-created from scratch . The only problem was that the shuttles , when they were flying in space , if they went over any stars , the stars showed through the black area . This meant tracking blackboards that covered up areas because we knew there would be a space shuttle there . We had a grid in the camera , so we knew roughly where the shuttle was moving from and to , and we would have all the stars , and as the shuttle approached we would fade the stars out , and as it went over them we would bring them back in again . It was a nightmare . How the heck we ever got this to work I 'll never know but , in the end , we were doing it without even thinking about it . We had seen Kubrick 's space station in " 2001 " , so I wanted to come up with something based on a mobile , like a sculpture . And Derek eventually built the big model brilliantly . It was probably about 20 feet across . It was on the 007 stage at Pinewood . One of the greatest shots for me in that picture is the way the space station is revealed . You start at the top of it , as though the sun is hitting it , and then you gradually reveal this whole mobile rotating . It 's a wonderful shot . And the revealing shot that we did ... The whole thing was lit with one light source . The 007 stage at Pinewood was used for just shooting models and the weightless people floating . The single most challenging shot has the entire crew holding their breath . The laser battle at the end of the film involved 48 passes of film in the camera . 48 passes on one piece of negative . Which meant that the film went through the camera 96 times because it had to be wound back . The more you handle the film , the more opportunities for something to go wrong . The danger is that you pre-expose it , or you don 't reload it in the pitch dark , or it gets scratched in the camera . It was terribly nerve-racking because they had spent many hours filming . This little piece of film suddenly becomes like gold dust , or even more precious than gold . You would hope you got it right . We started off with 20 takes . By the time we 'd finished we were down to six , because something had got screwed up on the way down . I got a bit nervous and said " Don 't tell me it 's going through the camera every day . " " Just tell me when it 's over . " Moonraker 2 , lift off . For Derek Meddings , Paul Wilson , Robin Browne and the effects team , it is not over by a long shot . Using magnesium flares and projector bulbs to simulate the flaming exhaust , Derek Meddings creates the most realistic rocket launches seen on film . Meddings must create the contrails of a space shuttle in flight . To achieve this , Derek used salt . We had a very , very small ... shuttle , and it was hollow , and we filled it up with salt . It was pulled up on wire because all the salt inside it emptied out and gave us this lovely sort of trail which looked like the smoke from the rockets . Meddings must also figure a way to realistically blow up a space station in the vacuum of space where flames will not burn . He suddenly had this brilliant idea and he got a couple of shotguns . We closed the stage down , sealed all the doors , and we shot it to pieces with 12-bore shotguns . Lewis Gilbert 's remarks when he phoned us were : " Wow . " I think the combination of Paul Wilson and Derek will never be matched . A great credit to Derek Meddings . Very , very clever . Wonderful models . Brilliant . Ground-breaking special effects earn " Moonraker " an Academy Award nomination . For audiences the film is truly out of this world . Filmed in four studios , seven countries , three continents , and costing more than the budgets of the first six 007 adventures combined , " Moonraker " is larger than life in every respect . If this film is as good as we think it is , they 'll want another one . I hope they do . In the summer of 1979 , " Moonraker " smashes box-office records around the globe . James Bond once again proves that no challenge , not even outer space , is too big for 007 . Take me round the world one more time . Why not ? Subtitles by Visiontext I deliver perfection ... and don 't brag about it ! : D How we doing , Richard ? We should pass over England 15 minutes ahead of time . With this load , that 's good going . Just trust the RAF , sir . - What the hell is that ? - It 's the shuttle ignition ! Disappeared ? What happened to the Moonraker ? Good God ! Yes , of course , Minister . Right away . Moneypenny , Is 007 back from that African job ? He 's on his last leg . Any higher , Mr Bond , my ears will pop . I don 't think I 'll ever fly with anyone else . You 're so right , Mr Bond . - This is where we leave you , Mr Bond . - A little premature , isn 't it ? Enjoy your flight . - Good morning , Moneypenny . - James ! Why are you so late ? I fell out of an aeroplane without a parachute . - Who 's in there ? - Q and the Minister of Defence . You don 't believe me ? - And you should go right in . - Yes , Moneypenny . 007 ! At last . Good morning , sir . You know Frederick Gray , Minister of Defence . - Commander . - Minister , Q. 007 . Moonraker ? - What do you know about Moonraker ? - What I read in the newspapers . The Moonraker shuttle was being flown over here on loan , on the back of a 747 . Which crashed in the Yukon . Aircraft and shuttle destroyed . In the official version . The truth is more disturbing , 007 . Look at this . That 's the scene of the crash . Wreckage strewn everywhere . That 's the fuselage . We 've been through it thoroughly , but there 's no sign of Moonraker . So the shuttle was hijacked in mid-air ? That 's for you to find out . It was built in California by Drax Industries . Yes . We were responsible for the safety of that shuttle . The United States government is justifiably concerned . - So California must be the place to start . - I agree . Don 't make any mistakes , 007 . This situation is critical . - We 've got to find that shuttle . - Yes , sir . - If that 's all , gentlemen ? - Just a minute . I have something for you . Roll up your right sleeve . This is being issued as standard equipment . Strap it on your wrist . It 's activated by nerve impulses from the wrist . Like this ? Oh , thank you , 007 ! - Be careful . - Yes , Q. Five blue-tipped armour-piercing darts , five red-tipped cyanide-coated , causing death in 30 seconds . You must get them in the stores for Christmas ! Good morning , gentlemen . - Welcome to California , Mr Bond . - I like it already . My name is Corinne Dufour . Are you going to show me around ? No , I 'm just a humble pilot for the Drax Corporation . This is the Drax estate . Everything you see belongs to Mr Drax . - He owns a lot . - What he doesn 't own , he doesn 't want . We 're approaching the main complex . - That 's where the Moonraker is made ? - That 's right . Workshops , hangars , design and experimental blocks , - everything . - Very impressive . I 'd heard Hugo Drax is obsessed with the conquest of space . Now I can believe it . Good Lord ! The Drax residence . Every stone brought from France . - Cute , isn 't it ? - Magnificent . - Why didn 't he buy the Eiffel Tower too ? - He did . He was refused an export permit . Look there ! Those are the astronaut trainees . Mr Drax is financing the entire programme out of his own pocket . Seems to have an eye for a good investment ! Mr Drax will see Mr Bond in the drawing room , Miss Dufour . This way , please , sir . Mr Bond , sir . - Mr Bond . - Mr Drax . Let me present Countess Lubinski , Lady Victoria Devon - Mr Bond . How do you do ? Well , my dear fellow , your reputation precedes you . I 'm honoured you were sent on so delicate a mission . Delicate ? To apologise in person for the loss of my space shuttle . How would Oscar Wilde have put it ? To lose one aircraft may be regarded as a misfortune . To lose two seems like carelessness . An apology will be made to the American government when we 've discovered why the Moonraker wasn 't in that wreckage . Your loyalty commands respect , Mr Bond . You have arrived at a propitious moment , coincident with your country 's one contribution to Western civilisation . Afternoon tea . May I press you to a cucumber sandwich ? Thank you , no . Nothing at all . Is the shuttle made entirely here in California ? No , I own a number of subsidiaries worldwide , producing components . The conquest of space is an investment in the future of the human race , Mr Bond . It is therefore logical to seek out the best from each nation . Are you referring to people or skills ? Both , Mr Bond . Am I too soon ? Not at all . I 'm sure Mr Bond is eager to start his tour . Miss Dufour will escort you to Dr Goodhead . Ask anything you like . - Thank you for being so cooperative . - A pleasure . Look after Mr Bond . See that some harm comes to him . You 'll find Dr Goodhead first on the right . - Thank you for the ride . - Call on me if you need anything . - Good afternoon . - Can I help you ? My name is Bond . James Bond . I 'm looking for Dr Goodhead . You just found her . A woman ! Your powers of observation do you credit , Mr Bond . James . To my friends . Holly Goodhead . Are you training to be an astronaut ? I 'm fully trained - on loan from NASA . The space administration . Well , Mr Bond , I guess we 'd better get started . You don 't want to lose time as well as a space shuttle , do you ? This is it - the Moonraker . Capable of being launched into space And re-entering the atmosphere to land like any conventional aircraft . This is the centrifuge trainer . It simulates the gravity force you feel when shot into space . The speed is controlled from up there . Why not try it ? Why not ? Strap yourself in firmly . Yes , Doctor ! Now your arms . That 's to prevent you from knocking yourself out . How fast does it go ? Up to 20 Gs , but that would be fatal . Three Gs is takeoff pressure . Most people pass out at seven . You 'd make a great saleswoman . You don 't have to worry . This is a " chicken switch " . The moment the pressure gets too much , release the button and the power 's cut off . Just like that ? Come on ! A 70-year-old can take three Gs . Trouble is , there 's never a 70-year-old around when you need one . - Do you want me ? - Mr Drax says to telephone him . I 'll call him from my office . You go ahead . I 'll be right back . The instructor will supervise the session . Enjoy yourself . Yes , we 're taking good care of him . I don 't know what could have happened . Something must have gone wrong with the controls . Let me help you . My mother gave me a list of things not to do on a first date . Maybe you won 't need it . That 's not what I came for . No ? What do you want , then ? Would your feelings be shattered if I were to say " information " ? Why should I tell you anything ? Why indeed ? You presume a great deal , Mr Bond . What goes on here besides Moonraker and the astronaut programme ? There are the laboratories , but not much is happening now . No ? They were working on something very secret , but everything 's been moved . Where to ? I don 't know . What about that list of your mother 's ? I never learnt to read . What are you doing ? You whetted my appetite for information . Is there a safe in here ? Thank you . James , no ! That 's amazing ! There you are . You have a heart of gold . 18-carat . You must go . You go first . I 'll turn off the lights . Thank you . - Take care of yourself . - And you . Ah , my dear Bond . This is Mademoiselle Deladier and La Signorina del Mateo . - Ladies . - I 'll see you at lunch . A pity you leave us . Such good sport . Unless you 're a pheasant . Oh , really , Mr Bond ! Take my gun - a stray bird may fly over . I only stopped to thank you for your hospitality . Fraser will get you to the airport . Come now . - I doubt if I 'm in your class . - You 're too modest . Over there . You missed . Did I ? As you said , such good sport . You called for me , Mr Drax ? You were with Bond last night in my study . You showed him the safe . - I didn 't . - I 'm terminating your employment . You will leave immediately . Franco , I 'll call you where to meet me . - Could I interest you in something ? - I 'm tempted to say yes immediately , but I 'd better have a look around . Please , go anywhere you wish . ... were taken over by Drax Industries . Here we have some of the rarest examples of the glassblower 's art . Everything was done absolutely by hand . Here is a vase done by Lorenzo Graziati between 1850 and 1860 . And over here ... This exquisite bowl was fashioned about 1520 , over 450 years ago . If it ever came on the market it would certainly fetch in excess of $ 1 m . But if any of you were thinking of taking it ... Here we have a very early 17th century dish with an aquamarine medallion . Over here , we have something very , very interesting . This glass-handled sword , the only one of its kind in the world , was owned by General Menotti in the late 18th century ... 14th century . Dr Goodhead ! I hope your presence is a coincidence . I dislike being spied on . Don 't we all ? You 're staying at the Danieli ? - Yes . How did you know ? - I like to keep abreast of things . May I ask what you 're doing in Venice ? Addressing the European Space Commission . Heady stuff ! There again , I keep forgetting you are more than just a beautiful woman . If you 're trying to be ingratiating , don 't bother . I have more important things on my mind . That 's what I 'd like to talk about . Dinner this evening ? This evening I 'm giving my address . Then can you think of a reason for not having a drink afterwards ? Not immediately . But I 'm sure I shall . Franco ! Play it again , Sam . - What the hell are you doing here ? - Convalescing . Your friend Chang just tried to kill me . - You think " I " had something to do with it ? - It had flashed across my mind . - What 's Drax up to in that laboratory ? - Why don 't you ask him yourself ? - You 're leaving me your phone number ? - I don 't see the point . Ah , now I do . Not what I want to get stuck with tonight . James , why don 't you pour yourself a drink ? Thank you . Daily diary . Fairly deadly diary . Bollinger ! If it 's ' 69 , you were expecting me . A trifle overpowering , your scent . Standard CIA equipment - and they placed you with Drax . Correct ? - Very astute of you . - Not really . I have friends in low places . Could this possibly be the moment for us to pool our resources ? It could have its compensations . Where are you planning on going from here ? I 'm not planning on going anywhere . I suppose you 're right , Holly . We would be better off working together . - Détente ? - Agreed . - Understanding ? - Possibly . - Cooperation ? - Maybe . - Trust ? - Out of the question . Send the night porter up for my bags immediately , please . I hope you know what you 're doing , Bond . I 've played bridge with Drax . 007 doesn 't usually push the panic button unless it 's something serious . You 've covered everything with our Italian friends ? Yes , sir . - Is this it ? - Yes , sir . - Gas masks ? - We can 't afford to take any chances . Frederick Gray , what a surprise ! And in distinguished company , all wearing gas masks ! You must excuse me . Not being English , I sometimes find your sense of humour difficult to follow . On behalf of the British government , I apologise . I think you owe us an explanation , 007 . I 've never been so humiliated in my life . Your man should be taken off the assignment . I 'll see you at the consulate . I 'll have to do what he says . Before you do that sir , have Q do an analysis of this . I took it from the laboratory . Tell him to exercise caution . It is lethal . So there " was " a laboratory . You 'd better take two weeks ' leave of absence . - Any thoughts on where you might go ? - I 've always had a hankering to go to Rio . I think I can recall your mentioning it . 007 ... No slip-ups - or we 're both in trouble . A minor crisis has been averted . No , nothing serious , but all merchandise is to be rerouted as from today . Now , regarding a replacement for Chang . You have someone in mind ? Oh yes , well . If you can get him , of course ... Flight BA128 to Rio de Janeiro now boarding at Gate 7 . Welcome to Rio , Mr Bond . The President 's Suite . Really ? Don 't bother showing me the rest . If I get lost I 'll take a cab . - Do you come with the suite ? - It depends who 's renting it . Vodka martini , shaken not stirred . - Why were you following me ? - I was trying to meet you . I 'm Manuela . I work for Station VH . We have been asked to assist you . M thinks of everything . Tell me , do the initials C and W mean anything to you ? C and W ... yes . Carlos and Wilmsberg . They are very big importers in Rio . A subsidiary of the Drax Group , I believe . They have a warehouse on Carioca Avenue . I 'd like to pay it a discreet visit tonight . Tonight ? I think you may find that a little difficult . Difficult or not , it 's something we have to do . Meanwhile , how do you kill five hours in Rio if you don 't samba ? There 's the warehouse . And not a soul about . - I think there 's a way round the back . - Good thinking . This is it . Don 't talk to any strange men . I 'll be back . Are you all right ? Yes . But I 'd rather dance with you . I did tell you not to talk to any strange men . Did you find anything in there ? Only this . " Drax Air Freight . " - Know which airport they operate from ? - São Pedro . Shall I take you there ? No , I think you need some rest . Come on . Haven 't we met before somewhere ? The face is familiar . As is the manner . - It 's become chilly since Venice . - That was before you walked out on me . Nearly tripping over your suitcase on the way out . So ? So why waste time working against each other ? I 've checked Drax 's warehouse . It 's empty . No surprise . Since I arrived those planes have been taking off every two hours . - Yes , he 's moving out . - Where to ? That 's what we 're going to find out - now that we 're working together . I still don 't know if I trust you . I don 't know if I trust you either . That 's what makes it more exciting . What 's wrong ? I don 't know - but I 'm sure we 're better off out than in . Bring that chain . - Hang on , James . - The thought had occurred to me . - I might have guessed . - Do you know him ? Not socially . His name 's Jaws . He kills people . Here , give me the chain ! Come on , hang on to me . Jump ! Have you broken something ? Only my tailor 's heart . - What was that for ? - For saving my life . Remind me to do it more often . Thank you , but we 're in great shape . Sorry about that . James ! You look as though you 've fallen off a mountain . Funny you should say that . As a matter of fact , I was in a cable car and ... - Never mind . - The other courtyard . Ah , there you are , 007 . Balls , Q ? Bolas , 007 . - Good . Have that ready for army day . - Yes , sir . - Where 's M ? - In the office . This way . - Good morning , 007 . - Morning , sir . - You 're just in time . Sit down . - Thank you , sir . - Q 's come up with something . - Splendid . Any news of Dr Goodhead ? 'Fraid not . Right , Q. It 's a breakdown on that phial of liquid you picked up in Venice . - You seem to be right , 007 . - Thank you ! It 's a highly toxic nerve gas that has no effect on animals . May I see the formula ? It 's a chemical formula of a plant . Orchidae nigra . A very rare orchid indeed . Thought to be extinct - until a missionary brought one back from the Amazoco . Actually he brought it back from the River Tapirapé . Well done , James . You 'd better get up there and fast . And I 've got something to get him there . If 007 can be trusted to look after it . Mr Bond , you defy all my attempts to plan an amusing death for you . You 're no sportsman . Why did you break off the encounter with my pet python ? I discovered he had a crush on me . Jaws . Moonraker 1 on preset launch programme minus two minutes . - Retract crew access arm . - CAA retracted - Transfer orbital power . - Internal power transferred . - Activate hydraulics . - Hydraulics activated . - Activate auxiliary power unit . - APU activated . - LH2 replenish . - Status confirmed . - Pressurise helium tanks . - Helium flight pressure confirmed . What exactly are you up to here , Drax ? - And why the orchids ? - The curse of a civilisation . Neither war nor pestilence wiped out the race who built the city lying around us . It was their reverence for this lovely flower . Because long-term exposure to its pollen caused sterility ? Correct , Mr Bond . As you have discovered , I have improved upon sterility . Those same seeds now yield death . Not , of course , to animals or plant life . One must preserve the balance of nature . Moonraker launch programme now commencing . Minus 20 seconds . - SRB , you will profile . - Activated . - Cooling pumps ? - On . Moonraker 1 , lift off . We have lift off . Moonraker 2 , T minus 10 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 5 , 4 , 3 2 , 1 . - Main engine start . - Moonraker 2 , lift off . - Moonraker 3 . - Moonraker 3 , lift off . - Moonraker 2 , confirm PB . - PB confirmed . - Moonraker 4 , launch programme . - Moonraker 4 , lift off . Moonraker 1 , SRB jettisoned ? We have separation . Confirmed . Moonraker 3 , confirm programme . Moonraker 5 on preset launch programme minus 10 . Drax . One more thing . You delivered a shuttle to the US government , then you hijacked it . Why ? Because I needed it . One of my own Moonrakers developed a fault during assembly . Now , you have distracted me enough . Jaws , Mr Bond must be cold after his swim . Place him where he can be assured of warmth . Moonraker 2 , go for orbit . SRB jettison . Moonraker 5 ready for launch . James ! Thank God you 're safe . Moonraker 5 , transfer orbital power . Hydraulics activated . - Activate auxiliary power unit . - APU activated . LH2 , replenish . Even in death my munificence is boundless . When this rocket lifts off I will be leaving you in your own private crematorium . Mr Bond , Dr Goodhead , I bid you farewell . Pad EPS , power on . Come on . The air vent ! Moonraker 5 , reset . - External LH2 pressure ? - Confirmed . - Retract crew access arm . - CAA retracted . Get back , quick ! T minus 10 seconds . ... six , five ... Bang on time . Come on , quick ! Straight on ! Moonraker 6 astro-technicians , prepare to embark . I repeat , Moonraker 6 astro-technicians , prepare to embark . - Moonraker 5 crew . - All systems go . Moonraker 6 , start launch sequence . We have separation . Moonraker 5 ground crew stand down . We 're going the wrong way . Moonraker 6 , preset launch programme completed . Pilots proceed from base to launch area . Shuttle go . Boosters go . Launch pad go . - External LO2 pressure ? - Confirmed , 21 psia . - External LH2 pressure ? - Confirmed , 42.5 psia . CAA retracted . Moonraker 6 cleared for launch . T minus 10 seconds . 9 , 8 7 , 6 , 5 4 , 3 , 2 1 , go . It 's all right . We 're on a prearranged flight programme . That 's Drax in Moonraker 5 . - What about the others ? - I don 't know . Let 's see . We 're on parallel courses . We must be headed for a rendezvous in orbit . Let 's see what cargo we have . The animals went in two by two . What do you mean by that ? Noah 's Ark . This operation . We 're converging . - Control rockets ? - Yes , we 're slowing down . What 's that ? There 's no image on the radar scanner . An entire city in space and still nothing on the radar scanner . - So nobody on Earth knows it 's there . - Right . Drax must have a radar-jamming system . All Moonrakers prepare to dock and continue radio silence . Moonraker 6 , you are now in manual . Initiate docking sequence . All shuttles now docked . Execute station activation procedure . Gravity , normal conditions . Life-support system , nominal . Moonraker 6 technicians , commence operational sequence . - Check airlock seals . - ALS secure . All personnel to command satellite . All personnel to command satellite . All crews to M5 segment . Moonraker 6 technicians to M2 segment . Moonraker 1 and 3 to M1 segment . Moonraker 4 and 5 to M4 segment . Moonraker 2 to M5 segment . Units 4 and 7 , man console as planned . Assume preassigned stations . - Pressure on line ? - Confirmed . - Life support ? - Normal . Those are the globes I saw in Venice with the nerve gas phials inside . First there was a dream . Now there is reality . Here in the untainted cradle of the heavens will be created a new super-race , a race of perfect physical specimens . You have been selected as its progenitors - like gods . Your offspring will return to Earth and shape it in their image . You have all served in humble capacities in my terrestrial empire . Your seed , like yourselves , will pay deference to the ultimate dynasty which I alone have created . From their first day on Earth they will be able to look up and know that there is law and order in the heavens . All units : Start Operation Orchid . If we were visible from Earth , they 'd investigate . Where do you suppose that radar-jamming system is ? We didn 't pass anything on the way here , so let 's try this way . Station 2 , check coordinates , mode 4 . Orbital communicator , level 10 . Zero gravity . This is it - the radar-jamming system . Coordinate conversion programme . Check . - Side lobe gain . - Check . - Spectral response . - Check . - Spin stabiliser correction factor . - OK . Gigahertz reflector efficiency . Solar photon screen . Where did you learn to fight like that ? NASA ? No , Vassar . - Switched off ? - Permanently . Now Earth can spot us . This doesn 't look good at all . It 's over 200 metres in diameter . Yes , yes . Please listen , General Gogol . We didn 't put it there . Neither did we , Colonel Scott . So what are you suggesting ? We 've acted already . We 're sending up a vehicle to intercept . Very well , but if we don 't hear from you in the next 12 hours we 'll take action and hold you responsible for the consequences . We 'll be in touch , General . - Sorry to have woken you . - I was already awake . How can I sleep ? Nothing but problems . Problems , problems . Astronauts to launch pad . Launch pre-programme complete , sir . Launch globe number one . TDRSS reports a launch , sir . Continental USA . Vandenberg . There are no launches scheduled . Check radar-jamming system . Well ? Jamming power supply and backup have failed , sir . - Investigate immediately . - Investigate number 28 immediately . James Bond . You appear with the tedious inevitability of an unloved season . I didn 't think there were any in space . As far as you 're concerned , only winter . And the treacherous Dr Goodhead . Despite your efforts , my finely wrought dream approaches fulfilment . Your dream , whatever sort of nightmare it is , hasn 't a chance . You think not ? We shall see . We 're coming up to second launch position . Launch globe number two . No doubt you have realised the splendour of my conception . First , a necklace of death about the Earth . 50 globes , each releasing its nerve gas over a designated area , each capable of killing 100 million people . And the human race as you know it will cease to exist . Then a rebirth , a new world . US spacecraft on course to intercept us . Activate laser . Prepare to destroy spacecraft . You see , my dear Bond , we 're well able to protect ourselves against all enemies . Allow me to introduce you to the airlock chamber . Observe , Mr Bond , your route from this world to the next . Dr Goodhead , your desire to be America 's first woman in space will soon be fulfilled . Leaving you on your flying stud farm , conceiving your new master race ? If you like , yes . And anyone not measuring up to your physical standards will be exterminated ? Certainly . Interesting . Most interesting . Jaws , expel them . Jaws ! You obey me ! Expel them ! Hold them ! US spacecraft , three minutes to intercept . Stand by to laser it . Initiate firing sequence . US spacecraft in laser range . Range 15 . Range 10 . Prepare to fire . 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 ... It 's stopped rotating . Open the cargo doors . Number one platoon , EVA . Let 's try docking . Take the first landing ! - Intruders have docked at satellite 7 . - Double the guard at every entrance . Report intruders ' progress throughout the station . - Number 3 globe ready for launching . - Proceed ! Intruders attacking command module . All units shoot to kill . - Don 't shoot ! - Hold your fire . Corridor 5 penetrated . Intruders advancing on command satellite . Maintenance crew needed , section 3 . At least I shall have the pleasure of putting you out of my misery . Desolated , Mr Bond . Heartbroken , Mr Drax . Allow me . Take a giant step for mankind . - Where 's Drax ? - He had to fly . - How 's Scott doing ? - He put the globe launchers out of action . When the station breaks up , they 'll disintegrate . They 're harmless . - But the three launched will kill millions . - Those must be destroyed . Come on ! Colonel , get your men off ! Your mission is completed . Sergeant , round up your men ! Back to the shuttle , everybody ! Moonraker 5 - that 's the answer . Its laser can track those globes and destroy them . It 's hopeless . The corridor 's blocked . They can 't get to us . All right , let 's go . Docking release is jammed . Release the door lock . I 'll see if I can operate it manually . It 's jammed too . Well , here 's to us . Jaws , we can 't disengage - the release system is jammed . Can you help us ? We 're free . Don 't worry , they 'll make it . It 's only 100 miles to Earth . Let 's get a read-out on those globes . I have the three globes on the screen . We should have a visual in a minute . There it is . The laser 's on automatic . Code 945 set . One down , two to go . Number two straight ahead . - What is it ? - We 're skipping on Earth 's atmosphere . In range . We should see the last one soon . There it is . - It 's getting hot . - I 'm coming in steep to get the last globe . I can 't hold this course much longer . We 'll break up at 200,000 feet . A few seconds more . Automatic firing system negative . Must be the heat . Switching to manual . Controls aren 't responding . - The wings are beginning to glow . - Just hold her steady . Steady . It 's entering Earth 's atmosphere ! James , this is our last chance . Steady . Colonel Scott reports picking up two survivors - a tall man and a short blonde woman . Right . OK . Dr Goodhead reported their position . They 're coming into range of our Pacific tracking ship . We 'll have audiovisual within minutes from on-board monitors . Houston calling Dr Goodhead . Houston calling . Confirm your position . As this is the first joint venture between our two countries , I 'm patching it to the White House and Buckingham Palace . I 'm sure Her Majesty will be fascinated ! - We have audiovisual . - Ah , at last ! 007 ! My God ! What 's Bond doing ? I think he 's attempting re-entry , sir . - James ? - I think it may be time to go home . Take me round the world one more time . Why not ? Subtitles by Visiontext " Moonraker " will transport you to another world . A trifle overpowering , your scent . Holly was a warm girl , with the right connections . Could this be the moment for us to pool our resources ? We would be better off working together . More excitement . More thrills . More spills . And guess who 's dropped in for a bite ? Jaws is back . From earth to the most spectacular adventure in space , " Moonraker " it 's out of this world . What exactly are you up to , Drax ? Moonraker 1 , lift off . - Moonraker 2 , lift off . - Moonraker 3 , lift off . Moonraker 4 , lift off . We have lift off . What 's that ? An entire city in space . James Bond and the treacherous Dr Goodhead . Despite your efforts , my finely wrought dream approaches fulfilment . I deliver perfection ... and don 't brag about it ! : D A word of advice : If you ever see James Bond come into a restaurant or bar , leave at once . Because wherever 007 goes ... mayhem follows . Now , meet the real men behind the mayhem . The heroes are the special effects . The special effects are probably some of the best still in the business . The special effects are so fabulous . The first special effects hero of the James Bond films is John Stears . When the Bonds came along I was asked by Frank George to help with the miniatures on the bauxite wharf for " Dr No " . With a budget of only £ 1,000 , Stears destroys Dr No 's fortress . And then the second Bond film ... John took over as the supervisor . That was my first job on the Bond . Stears and his team manufacture Q 's lethal briefcase ... Inside , a tear gas cartridge . ... which is a smoking success . The film features more than lethal gadgets . The helicopter you saw was a miniature . That 's the first time a model was used like that . For " Goldfinger " some eye-popping special effects are required . On " Goldfinger " we did the optical shot of the reflection in the girl 's eye of the guy coming up behind Bond . Among the film 's other dazzling effects is the sexiest , most lethal car ever built . - Whatever you do , don 't touch it . - Why not ? Because you 'll release this . First I had to make the hole for the ejector seat . Ejector seat ? You 're joking . I never joke about my work , 007 . I said , " Nobody else can do this , guys . " To install Q 's gadgets , Stears must first cut apart the irreplaceable , hand-built Aston Martin DB5 . I looked at it , went away for a cup of coffee , got the drill , drilled the hole and that was it . Stears outfits the vehicle with a compressed-air canister to fire a dummy out of the car . Acetylene oxygen torches simulate front-firing machine guns . The oil slick is created for real , but the tank for the effect is so large it must be removed before the bulletproof shield can go in . With a genuine smoke screen , revolving numberplates , built-in homing device with tracking screen and tyre-shredding hubcaps , the Aston Martin goes down in history . To create the effect of Oddjob 's deadly hat , Stears uses a number of tricks . That was on a wire which you couldn 't see . The actual hat rotated on that wire as it went , so it spun , then the wire was placed close to the statue 's neck . As it touched the statue we had an electrical device so it ... the neck was pulled away . We did that in reverse , so it stuck in the bars and then we pulled it off . For " Thunderball " John Stears creates effects for land , sea , air and even underwater . His ground-breaking work includes one of the largest explosions ever filmed , and earns him an Academy Award for Best Special Effects . Didn 't even know I was in for an Oscar . In fact , a friend called me and said , " You 've just won an Oscar . " I said , " What are you talking about ? " He said , " For ' Thunderball ' . " The next James Bond adventure requires special effects that are literally out of this world . All that stuff was shot , in the main , separately . The world was shot separately , the spacecraft was shot separately , the men were shot separately - against black velvet , on the stage by Freddie Young . Then we brought it back here for the optical compositions . And the rocket , where it turns over to make its ascent into the volcano 's mouth , was all model stuff that we shot - that John Stears had rockets built for . But the real star of the show is the autogyro Little Nellie . I put the air-to-air missiles on it . I think it had about 24 rockets . It had the machine guns and it had the two big sidewinders on it . All worked . All had to fire . Bond films customarily end with the villain 's lair being blown to bits . But when the actual location is a real mountain-top restaurant , model-making skills come to the rescue . We did have to demolish the lair where the villain was , which is the " Schilthornbahn " above Mürren . That 's 12,000 feet up in the Alps . Back in Pinewood I built a miniature of the whole thing and destroyed it . Stears is absent from the next James Bond film , " Diamonds Are Forever " . Shot largely in America , it uses the talents of Leslie Hillman and Whitney McMahon with visual effects by Wally Veevers and the legendary Albert Whitlock . When Stears is unavailable for " Live and Let Die " , Derek Meddings joins the Bond family . What gave me a footing in the Bond films was a sequence at the end when the poppy fields explode . And Guy Hamilton called me over and he said , " Could you do this as a miniature back at the studios ? " And I said I could . He said , " And it 'll look good ? " I said , " It 'll look great . " We came back to England , I did the miniatures and that started it . The film 's climax calls for Meddings to create the most unusual villain 's demise of the series . We had a figure of Yaphet Kotto and we had to inflate him . It was on a wire so it would go up to the rafters , and there was a charge attached to the back of his body , away from camera . - Where 's Kananga ? - He always did have an inflated ego . On " The Man with the Golden Gun " John Stears returns , working with Meddings and Cliff Culley to make cars fly and clouds move on their command . Clouds don 't cooperate too well for filmmaking . So that was all effects stuff . As usual , the film ends with a bang . The island blowing up we did on the backlot at Pinewood . And I always thought that was a really good shot . Meddings has his hands full creating models for " The Spy Who Loved Me " . The problem with the supertanker was it had to swallow the submarines so there couldn 't be anything underneath , so I had it built like a catamaran . So when the doors open we can actually drive it over the submarine . Derek Meddings builds a mammoth floating palace which doubles as the villain 's lair , Atlantis . The models created by Meddings for " The Spy Who Loved Me " fool even experts , but not all the effects can be done in miniature . I was supposed to be standing behind the chair , and I said , " I think there 'll be more tension if I 'm ' sitting ' in the chair . " I just didn 't have time to get out of it - and it blew . I had three holes where most people have one . " Moonraker " takes 007 into outer space . And with NASA 's real space shuttle yet to be launched , the filmmakers cannot rely on stock footage . The shuttle lift off scenes were largely achieved by photographic transparencies in the foreground and a model with a great big firework in its backside ! I had these magnesium flares made up . Once they 're alight there 's no way to put ' em out . Separating the booster rockets was achieved by having the parts on a wire . It was on a trolley , and when it got to a certain distance from the camera we had a little electrical contact that actually swung the pods away from the actual shuttle itself . Effects cameraman Robin Browne faces a challenge with the screens inside Drax 's control complex . We had images which we back-projected into the screens . One of the problems was , the set itself required a certain element of lighting , a certain intensity . Some screens were flat to camera but some were angled . I do remember we had to take some of the footage and treat it and distort it , so when it was projected up on the screen the perspective came back at the right angle . The film 's earthbound pyrotechnics are handled by John Evans and John Richardson . I think we got about as close as you can get and still retain the safety angle . The outstanding and innovative special effects work of " Moonraker " earns the film an Academy Award nomination . The next 007 adventure , For Your Eyes Only , was less of a fantasy , but still featured fantastic effects . The film opens with some impossible helicopter stunts . Impossible for anyone but the Bond crew ! Using foreground miniatures , Derek Meddings creates the illusion of a helicopter flying through a building . To sell the effect , Meddings uses an air hose to blow up dust on the miniature . Special effects technician Chris Courbould works to mount a real helicopter inside the location . We had to build a major rig with a full-size helicopter on it with rotors going round , which we mounted on a track on the inside of the building . For Your Eyes Only also requires underwater model work . That was done on the tank at Pinewood . It was a very large model . About fifth scale . There was a bathyscaph sequence . We had that on wires with tiny figures of Bond and the girl . When they came out of the trawler the figures of Bond and the girl were about that tall . They were on wires operated from above , out of the water , and we blew the diver with air and flashbulbs . Bond is back in " Octopussy " , and so is effects man John Richardson , adding to the pre-credits fun . It had every type of effect you can imagine built into this little moment . The sequence features a full-size Acrostar jet , a miniature jet , foreground miniatures , a full-size model mounted on a Jaguar , and one of the greatest miniature explosions ever filmed . It all worked out well in the end . Richardson 's work in " A View to a Kill " takes him to new heights . The airship for " A View to a Kill " gave us quite a number of problems . We built a 40-foot-long one which we could fill with helium . The final scene requires Richardson to recreate one of the world 's great landmarks in miniature on the Pinewood Studios backlot . The film also finds Richardson working with water . Once we got into the flooding , we had a full-size set that we flooded with tip tanks and hoses , and we had submersible pumps feeding vast water sprays that would create a look of a wall of water coming straight at you - but in fact it was all spray . And then we bolstered this up with a ... I think it was a third-scale miniature of the same set that we could flood much quicker . " The Living Daylights " pre-credits employs remote-control effects work . We fired the Land Rover off with an air cannon and had a radio-controlled rig inside it to release a parachute to pull a dummy out of the top of the Land Rover . Then we blew it up with a radio signal . A good effects man has to know more than how to blow up a Range Rover . He also has to know how to boil water . It 's a pot of cold water with a ring in the bottom of the pot which made smoke , so when you throw the pot , although it looks steaming and hot , it 's actually quite cold . The film also features the return of a gadget-laden Aston Martin . John Richardson and crew create enough special-effects wizardry to make Q proud . Although " The Living Daylights " has amazing pyrotechnics , nothing matches the explosions in " Licence to Kill " . To this day , they 're some of the biggest explosions I 've ever done . To create a 4,000-gallon petrol tanker blowing up , you had to create something pretty immense . We were using so much explosive we were worried about creating rock falls . You can actually choreograph the explosion and the directions that the flame goes in . Making an interesting explosion is one where you have things continually going over a period of time rather than just one bang . " GoldenEye " marks the triumphant debut of Pierce Brosnan as 007 ... Do you destroy every vehicle you get into ? Standard operating procedure . ... and marks the last Bond assignment for miniature-effects wizard Derek Meddings . Each Bond film I 've been involved in , they 've had more and more miniatures . This one has had , I think , the most amount of miniatures that I 've ever done on any film in my life . Which I thoroughly enjoy . You cut from one miniature shot to another . It 's a whole sequence . It sounds bigheaded and I suppose I shouldn 't say it , but I think that what we 've done with miniatures , people are not going to know they 're looking at miniatures . That is what I 've tried to achieve all my working life . After a lifetime in the film industry , Derek Meddings passes away shortly after completing his work on " GoldenEye " . He was a great enthusiast , and I think ... he was in love with film . He was a brilliant fella to work with . He was happiest working . We were nominated for a BAFTA Award for " GoldenEye " . That would have been nice , to have sat at that table with him . In 1999 , pioneering effects man John Stears , who is responsible for much of the magic in the early Bond films , passes away . We went far and above what was the norm for effects in those days . We set the genre for effects . Bonds to me are probably the highlight of my career . But John Richardson , Chris Courbould , Paul Wilson and others continue the tradition . We did some great stuff , blowing over vehicles with a jet . Firing rockets at cars coming towards us . Ammo trucks . We just kept building it up and building it up . What made the Bonds the Bonds ? They 've always been a little over the top . Thanks to special effects geniuses like John Stears , Derek Meddings , Chris Courbould and John Richardson , when James Bond goes over the top , he 's gone in the best of style . Nobody does it better .
