 In the forbidden things movement the man has parted from the animal and try to escape the excessive potency of death and reproduction of wich the animal 's power is without reserve . And in the movement of the transgression era Catherine Jourdan : The Lord said to Noe " Come in the arch , make it your home . " Take seven males and seven females from each pure animals and two males and two females from the un-pure animals ... Klaus Kinski is wondering where the violence is wandering , violence that commands the world of death and reproduction ... . Christine Chappey : After many adventures at the end of wich " Renard " ( Fox ) dies , he resurrect . he arrives in a small village in the appearance of a handsome young man Pierre Clementi : ... a girl falls for him ... Having ... having ... gained some new powers ... the dead can appear in animal shape ... Alida Vali : Young wild boar 's shoulder " at the Mirabeau " : Put the shoulder in a plate baste with oil and vinegar , then salt and pepper ... Rufus : A lion from a high breed passing by a meadow met a shepherdess to his liking . Lisette Malidor : About Animals and plants with separated sexes , it 's obvious that the participation of both individuals is necessary for each impregnation . Pieral : In the Amsterdam 's zoo , there were a young bittern couple . The male fell in love with the zoo manager . Anthony Steffen : The Animals are divided in groups : A : belonguing to the emperor ... . B : Embalmed ... ( inaudible ) ... that he was wearing the mask on his face ... All the powers of the great waters abyss have been broken the sky 's cataracts were open . NOAH 'S ARK Tonight : Eva We have to end with this night . Don 't we ? We have to end it . So to end it ... this is the story of the pretty Berlin 's circus tamer girl . It is the end ... it is the end . For the tamer girl and the feline ... at the Berlin 's circus . It is the end ... it is the end . I was ten , I remember . Sitting alone on the front row , when the red lion showed it 's teeth , to bite to death or just pretend . A mistress love kiss the kind you may never come back . I was ten , I remember . It is the end ... it is the end . For the tamer girl and the feline ... at the Berlin 's circus . It is the end ... it is the end . I was all moist , strange emotion a great shiver in my back . When your childhood with a strong leap don 't feel it fall , it 's legs collapsed on the woman confounded by love . Just like if it 's teeth get into me . I was all moist , strange emotion . It is the end ... it is the end . For the tamer girl and the feline ... at the Berlin 's circus . It is the end ... it is the end . I was ten and knew nothing about circus and love games , that beating the great drum 's echoing the great ploughing , it cuddle her the way . Deep in the heart or in the waist , I was ten and knew nothing . Nothing , nothing ... It is the end , it is the end . For the tamer girl and the feline ... at the Berlin 's circus It is the end ... it is the end . I scream in fear when the mad lion open the cage , rip off the white blouse , the white skin and then ravage the not enough well-behaved body of it 's red-haired sex mistress . I scream in fear when the mad lion Mad ... It is the end ... it is the end . For the tamer girl and the feline ... at the Berlin 's circus . It is the end ... it is the end . I was ten that Sunday , a hot winter Sunday . Suddenly a revolver banged ... The lion saw the world upside down from the hell of a perverse love . Is it love with a big " L " ? I was ten that Sunday . It is the end , it is the end . For the tamer girl and the feline ... at the Berlin 's circus . It is the end ... it is the end it is the end . Thank you . Eva the saint is dead ! Long live Eva ! I recognise you , I recognise me in all of that . Cloakroom / Bestiary ( Beastskinroom ) Your coat Mister . Space ... Space ... Let me out .. And to end the show this is the story of a ventriloquist ... You 're here too ? The situation of the circulatory system is deteriorating so the doctors use painkillers to avoid any suffering for their patient . Finally , from an unofficial source : the next Health report wich must be issued around 00 : 30 pm will be very significant . Anyhow , tonight at the hospital we didn 't see many officials The General 's confessor arrived just before 8 pm for the last rites . It seems that the General received for a last time the help of the Churh . The General 's wife ... The Forest . The Forest . More ? Do you want to drink more ? These ... these animals have been trained perfectly What a guard ! They guard us , you 're right . But , we are the one who have been trained . What are you doing here ? Who are you ? You ... you knew me under the name of Ivo . I ... came to give this back to you . Mozart ... The Magic flute . It was in Salsburg , you were singing Mozart for the last time . I was there . Mozart ? Salsburg ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . I don 't think I know you . Maybe it was someone else than you , with your voice or your voice in another place . I had to bring that back to you to get rid of Mozart , of your voice ... or of a mistake . The best way to get rid of Mozart or of a mistake will be to give this recording to me Miss 's agent and owner of all her rights . Then you 'll have to forget all this , to change your mind . Get out now and don 't wait for me . I 'll wait for you as usual . Mozart ... was a child prodigy , an acrobat , a trained dog . She 'll not be able to sing for three days . Mister will have to give to miss some lozenges and cough sirup . So I read it back : force Majeure . Stop Hospitals .Lively.Stop. Call insurance.Stop. Secrets . THE LIVING BEINGS ARE STRANGE OBJECTS THE LIVING BEINGS ARE CHEMICAL MACHINES Around 11 pm the coroner team left the clinic to the General 's house In less than hour the death of the General have spred in bars and shops . He should have died around 3 pm but it is just a rumour and we 're waiting for a co ... . ( Spanish ... ) ( about social realities and classes struggle ) I know this coat . Who do you get it from ? A customer , a man who left leaving his coat . Your brother , your lover , your father may be . Why do you care ? Is it for the first floor ? Yes . Do you want to be alone or do you want someone ? I need a young girl . For the soul . For the soul , I 'll give you Ava . Ava , I think someone 's waiting for something . I was waiting for you . I ... I knew we will see again . Here You 're mistaken , it 's just a coincidence . I 'm here by chance . There ' s no light but you get used to darkness . We can see anyway . Come in . No , let 's stay outside . We 'll listen to you . As you wish . Do I have to get naked anyway ? Yes Naked . In the dark . Tell us what you 're doing , Ava . My legs and belly are naked I got my shoes . I keep them to the last minute . When my feet touch the ground , I know it 's over . Nothing 's isolate me anymore . I 'm lost . It 's from the feet , naked on the floor . It come up in me . Then there 's nothing I can do . Continue . I hold my breasts , I 'm naked . This is my shoes ? Here they are . Did you came here often ? I come here every night . You don 't talk anymore Ava . Talk ! Do you know how it is ? A man ? Yes , I know . I hold him in my hands , he 's heavier than an arm I 'm under him now . My forehead and my hair are touching the floor and my waist , his stomach . I have to get used to it . Yes , you have to get used to it first . You never remember . Did ... did you came here often ? I don 't know , may be few times . Is it really matter ? When ... when you sang Mozart too ? I 'm here for the first and the last time . There are rabid dogs here . They die of hunger . Rabies is in Paris . We ... we could have met here , did ... did you came for the trained animals ? The animals stay a long time in the cities where we ' re not anymore . They have the memories of what we are , of what we are doing . Not me . There are the trained dogs and the rabid ones . I may have been your brother , your dog here , when ... when you sang Mozart in another life . Men always talk of what is not . They always want us to be somewhere else . I have nothing to tell you . What do you want ? I ... , I barked , here at the sound of your voice . I licked your knees , the shoulder , the neck . Here , in a room . Shut up , I don 't know any stammerer dog . You loved a man I was jealous about . How does a stammerer dog howl at the moon ? Look ... Rats ... . rats . How fat they are . Do you know the rat 's torture dear commissioner ? It 's a Chinese speciality . No , you 'll have to tell me about this later . You 've seen many things during all those years . Tell me Evariste , where are we ? I don 't know any city like this . Come here commissioner , look who 's there . Eva , dia santa it 's Eva . Betwin the rats The rats . What a coincidence , girl . You 'll be able to point us to the ill famed placed we search for hours , for days , for years . It 's called " the Beauty and the Beast " . You should know this . " the Beauty " You who have a beast in your life . This place doesn 't exist anymore . Neither the ones looking for it Neither the woman I look like . You look like me . You look like your mother . ... the end . For the tamer girl and the feline ... at the Berlin 's circus . It is the end ... it is the end . I was ten that Sunday , a hot winter Sunday Suddenly a revolver banged The lion saw the world upside down from the hell of a perverse love . Is it love with a big " L " ? I was ten that Sunday . How far will your games go ? and this desire to get lost ? This mess can 't go on without compromising your career . Being out without you , makes you out of your mind . For now the General 's long agony is still lasting . In six month you 'll be a valuable asset in show business . What is the future for you without me ? People pray everywhere for the general ... The future is an agent 's invention . For sure , there 's no future for me without you . Only the present . The Prince refused to replace his father with a straight No ! saying : " If I have to rule the country it will be forever . " It 's already six years that everybody talk about this change , but he just lost more and more credibility . The Prince know the time is coming , and if the General health improve in the next few weeks he 'll have to take office . You 'll read the text under the picture at the next red light . Certainly , Mister we 'll find a red light for this newspaper . And what if I tell you toniht I don 't sing anymore . You 'll not sing in Marseille of course , Darling . After Anvers and Rotterdam it would be the third lost contract in three months . But you will not cancel Barcelona It would be the end of you . Cooked . - Radio ( cooking lesson for the " Pot au Feu " ) The city will be the natural setting for the rhinoceros . When the trees will have grown in the middle of the streets , when the jungle will have invade parcs and places , when there will be ponds and mud in the front of churches and town halls . - Radio ( cooking lesson for the " Pot au Feu " ) Eva and her agent Uwe tomorrow they 'll live the next winter , but before that she would have to complete her European tour threw Spain where she start next week at Barcelona . My little white rock , hard as marber . Stubborn . There 'll not be a night like this every day What do you think about Spain and Barcelona , Donald ? Evolution doesn 't belong to the living beings conservation is . Interdictions , the objects of our sins . Hope . Hope . Spain , Barcelona . As an anarchist withdrawn from the state I gave him credit and trust to do the revolution at the Top . Moral revolution , social revolution behaviours revolution and habits revolution too . But the ones who should have been grateful for leaving the streets and the violence , for taking responsabilities as a government parting in a legality establish by others , these stopped at nothing , for us , the streets revolutionaries , to go back to the streets . They made an attempt to stop a social revolution in Spain , juridicaly , spiritually , organically This revolution was done when the confederal movement interfered in the government of Spain . This the fundamental fact against wich the political parties protests refusing the ... I can smell dung . Eva . It 's no use , you know it . Yves is coming along . A good advice : Go back , don 't wait for me . I 'll wait for you , as usual at the staff door . Yves , you 'll do your Donald act next week on T.V if you bring her back within the hour . Let 's go threw the cave . Yves ! Eva ! You come in time . They ' re going out one by one at moonlight . Come on children . You 're not children anymore . Good evening mommy . Yvon and Yvan , the dawn ... so everyone ' s here . No , some are still missing . Here they come , the two of them . I think it 's the first time I see them together . They 're pretty well made . Especially the resemblance , regardless of Carnicero . Besides you all look alike , because you look like me . Eva , ivy , Yves , Yvette , Yvon , Yvo and Yvan . Seven . The count is right . The Mother ogre 's seven children It seems impossible to you ? That proves it ' s true . All mine . Mine ! About the Father ogre , he 's many . He 's three . Yave , Yuve , Evariste The conductor , the agent , the commissioner The three brothers , your fathers , your uncles . Ogres , really . It 's up to each of you to find your own . I don 't know what assembles you here , coincidences may be If you have nothing better to do that might be fun . Besides all ogres are in the forest , easy to find . You really are all mine . But I leave , that 's the way I am . When I wander in the woods , that 's for something else than a family reunion . family business , always family business it never ends . It 's much more simple within animals . No memories , no parenthood feelings , you can be the mother , the sister and the wolf 's mate all together without any troubles . Farewell . You know almost everything . If I got it right , I 'm a commissioner 's daughter . That 's all it can be for a girl like me . here are Mauser and Mozart . Boath loaded . My father is a zoo manager . Everyone knows now who is his ... Do you recognise the fabric ? The colour , the smell ? Your brother 's coat . My uncle , a customer . Do you recognise me too ? Your daughter , your sister 's daughter , your niece too . Your mistress if you want too . During the time where the beasts could talk , the lions wanted , in other things , to be admited in our alliance . Why not , as theirs was worth our own in this time having courage , intelligence and many more . Here is how it goes . A lion from a high breed passing by a meadow found a shepherdess to his linking . He made his marriage proposal . Her father answered him not without any precautions , and said : My daughter is delicate , she could be hurt by your claws if you try to caress her . Let us clip your nails and file your teeth while at it . The lion agreed to that . Here he is without nails and teeth . They turned the dogs loose on him . The lion didn 't resist much . Love , love . When it got us ... well , we can say farewell ... prudence . Good evening Eva . I was waiting for you . I left an open door , behind you , behind us . Farewell prudence . Good evening Eva . I knew you would come . I knew you were looking for me . Who are you ? The parrot . Your father . Your lover . The conductor . The zoo manager . I don 't see you . I don 't know your voice . There was the desease or the accident , both . The same thing , may be . We just left Salzburg to Milan , you had to sing at the " Scala " . You were waiting for me in an hotel at night . There was your brother , your lover . Did you forget that night ? And what about the dog , howling at the moon . Your brother , your lover , the flute , it depends , became a stammer . You stopped singing and I lost my voice . You 're mistaken . I sing . They say my audience is huge . You used to sing Mozart for four people and that was enough for you . Your father , your brother and your two lovers . These four being in fact only two . Did you forget ? I don 't know . How should I tell between what I believe I remember and complete fabrication . You 're lying , I think . You 're hiding something , that 's why I hate you . The law . It 's disorder and it 's hate ... came into your life . By accident . Where 's order ? what is it ? order was in your loves . In our loves . In Mozart . Why are you a zoo manager ? When we parted , I wanted to do like you . Put animals in cages , make them belong to human law , breaking off with them for good as we did ourselves . Come closer , I want to se you closer . To be able to talk to you without any answers . You 're not the one I know . You 're not the same . I can 't find you back . Let 's be together tonight . Open these cages , every cages . The animals ones , mine , ours . Let the beasts loose in Paris . I have two weapons . One is to seduce you . Here it is . It 's the recording of the flute in Salzburg by a young admirer , Pec . The other ... is to kill you . You 'll pay for this Lyrical drama . One more mistake and you 'll loose everything . How bad . Mr manager would probably agree with me , if only he could speak . It would be sad for an artist like you to give up her career , her audience , her agent . And all that for a menagerie keeper . You will open this cage only to lock yourself up in a similar one where you 'll spend the rest of your life . - Choose them very fleshy ... as they 'll reduce . The animal shortcoming is a water excess . But the flesh is soft and whitish , delightful . Bone the leg . We 're back , said Eva . Yes , Madam . There are not enough tigers , let 's go further . Bring us to the crocodiles . Allright Madam . Warf ! Wast ist das ? ( " What ´ s that ? " ) " Die Königin ! " " Sie kommt ! Sie kommt ! " ( " The Queen ! " " She ´ s coming ! She ´ s coming ! " ) Eva ! Papageno ! Papagena ! Papageno
