 'There are those who believe 'that life here began out there , 'far across the universe , 'with tribes of humans 'who may have been the forefathers of the Egyptians 'or the Toltecs or the Mayans , 'that they may have been the architects of the great pyramids , 'or the lost civilizations of Lemuria 'or Atlantis . 'Some believe that there may yet be brothers of man 'who even now fight to survive 'somewhere beyond the heavens . ' Noble delegates , you 're anxious to go back to your ships before our rendezvous with the Cylons but I think it appropriate to toast the most significant event in the history of mankind . I would like to raise my chalice to you , not merely as the Quorum of 12 , representing the 12 Colonies of man , but as my friends , the greatest leaders ever assembled . As we approach the seventh millennium of time , the human race at last will find peace , thanks to you . To peace . Starbuck , what are you going to say ? Zac , calm down . Why are you so nervous ? He sees me as his little brother . You 're acting like one . It 's a routine patrol . - Why is it so important to you ? - Because it is . I 'm a warrior . I want to prove that to him . This may not be the best time . It 's a peace envoy ! What trouble could there be ? - That 's not the point . - Starbuck , you promised . I know . What are you doing ? We 're going on patrol . - Er ... - He can 't make it . Starbuck 's not well . Oh ? Yeah , well , it 's ... erm ... Well , that 's kind of short notice , erm , with everybody not wanting to go on this patrol . They want to celebrate the armistice . Yes , Zac , you have a suggestion ? I 've studied the coordinates from here to the Cylon capital . - My ship 's ready to go ! - That 's lucky . Isn 't it , Starbuck ? Yeah , that 's a real stroke of luck . I guess you 're just gonna have to pull Starbuck 's patrol with me . Wow ! - Were we ever like that ? - I can 't remember that far back . Listen , maybe I ought to go . No , he 'll be fine . It 's not as if we 're at war , right ? See you later . - Take care of the stomach . - Yeah , I will . Section 12 , launch bay Alpha , stand by to launch fighter probe . Acknowledge input . Recorded and functioning . 'Coordinates transferred . - ' Acknowledge . ' - Acknowledged . Ready to launch . Core systems transferring control to probe craft . Launch when ready . - It 's so different out here . - This is nothing . When the war is over , we may get back to deep exploration . That 's the challenge . Let 's take a look at Lianus Vector . Baltar , my friend , this armistice conference would not have been possible without your tireless work . You have secured for yourself a place in the history books . That the Cylons chose me as their liaison to the Quorum of the 12 was an act of Providence , not skill . I see the party is not a huge success with all my children . What awaits us out there troubles me . Surely you don 't cling to your suspicions about the Cylons ? They asked for this armistice . - They want peace . - Forgive me , Mr President , but they hate us with every fibre of their existence . We love freedom . We love independence ... to feel , to question , to resist oppression . To them , it 's an alien way of existing they will never accept . But they have , through Baltar . They have sued for peace . Yes . Of course , you 're right . Apollo , two targets on my scanner above the moon Cimtar . It could be a storm . We 'll be coming through it . Hold positions and cover me while I take a look . Well , look at that . What is it ? I 'll tell you in a flash . Warbook says a Cylon tanker . Scanner reads it 's empty . Apollo , I have a funny feeling . Well , we came to look . There 's the other ship tucked in nice and neat . I wonder what she 's doing ? - She 's jamming us . - ' Warbook says she 's a freighter . ' If she 's jamming us , she 's hiding something . I 'm going round her . Nothing but a harmless mist . Not heavy at all . I don 't see why they 'd send up all that electronic jamming . - Let 's get out of here . - Why ? 'I 'll explain later . ' Colonial viper in quadrant . Intercepting . I see what you mean . It 's an ambush . Enough firepower to destroy the entire fleet . We won 't make it , giving them our backs . - How many of them can you make out ? - Four . At three , hit your reverse thrusters and maximum braking flaps . We 'll give them a little surprise . One , two , three . Turbos , full forward thrust . Now . Right here , you creeps . Hey , not bad , little brother . You go after the guys on the right . - Yahoo ! - Apollo , I 'll get this one . 'Zac , look out ! Behind you ! ' 'He 's right on my tail ! ' 'Hang on , I 'm coming . ' - Steady ... - ' Hurry , Apollo ! ' Steady ... Nice shooting but they hit my high engine . 'That 's OK , we got ' em . 'Those guys need a ten to one margin ... ' Apollo , better look at your scanner . - But 1,000 to one , that 's not fair . - ' What 's it mean ? ' There won 't be any peace ... there may not be much of anything if we don 't warn the fleet . Do it . I won 't be able to keep up with you . - Zac , I 'm not going to leave you . - ' You have to . ' I 'll make it back . Now go on - you 've got to warn the fleet . I 'll be all right . You can fly with me any time , little brother . Good luck . 'This is Commander Adama returning from Atlantia . ' - Request permission to land . - ' Granted . ' - Something 's wrong . - What is it ? I don 't know . They just put the ship on alert . 'Atlantia , this is Galactica . Request assistance ... ' - What is it ? - Our patrol had trouble . Signals are being jammed . It could be smugglers or pirates or ... Get me the President , please . Mr President , our patrol is under attack , we don 't know by whom . As a precaution I would like to launch intercept fighters . I think that 's highly inadvisable in view of the delicacy of our situation . Quite right , Baltar . Commander , as a precaution I insist upon restraint . 'If this turns out to be an encounter with some outlaws , 'we could jeopardise the peace by displaying fighters - ' so close to our rendezvous . ' - Mr President , two of my fighters are under attack . 'By forces unknown . 'Do not launch until the situation is more clear . ' Sir , I at least urge you to bring the fleet to alert ? 'I will consider that . Thank you , Commander . ' - He 'll consider it ? He 'll consider it ? - It 's all right . I 'm sorry , Commander , it 's just that ... - Well ... - Well , what ? The patrol is under the command of Captain Apollo . If I can 't have confidence in my first-born son , whom can I depend upon ? Commander , Zac is with him . It 's his first patrol . Thank you . Come on , give me all you got . Still no word from our fighters . They 're being jammed . - If we don 't launch ... - We cannot launch . It 's been forbidden . However ... this might be a good time for battle stations drill . - Sound the alert , Colonel . - Yes , sir . You may never see another one , fellas . A perfect pyramid . Unless there 's a better hand , the pot 's mine . Wait , wait ! Come here , wait ! Come back ! Duty calls ! Let 's go ! Sir , our scanner shows a large number of ships headed this way at high speed . - A single craft is approaching . - Get that pilot here . - Get me the President . - Yes , sir . - What 's going on ? - Don 't worry . Probably an aerial salute for the President . Sure ruined a good card game . - ' Commander ? ' - Mr President , a wall of unidentified craft is closing in . Possibly a Cylon welcoming committee . Sir , may I suggest we launch a welcoming committee of our own ? There remain many hostile feelings amongst our warriors . The likelihood of an unfortunate incident with all those pilots in the sky ... Commander ? Sir , did Baltar suggest that we sit here defenceless ? My friend , we are on a peace mission . The first peace Man has known in a thousand years . Stand by to attack . Come on , baby , not much further . Blue Flight Two , in trouble ! Emergency approach . - Mr President ! - Commander ... our patrol is under attack from the approaching force . Mr President , your welcoming committee is firing at us ! 'Baltar ? We made it . 'Patrol to fleet , I need help ! ' 'What was that ? ' That was my son , Mr President . No ! Oh , my God ... Positive shield , now ! Launch fighters ! - All batteries commence fire ! - All fire , control stations . 'Launch all remaining vipers . - Sir , they 're off . - Fighters launched , sir . Did the other ships launch their fighters ? Negative , sir . Lord help us . 'Engineering reports hits on starboard engine . ' Cylons . I had to leave Zac , he 's disabled . - I have to go back . - No . Father , I didn 't know what to do ! He doesn 't stand a chance ! 'Atlantia to all battlestars ... ' Zac ? His ship was destroyed just short of the fleet . 'Transferring target data . ' 'Reduce speed to maintain position with Atlantia . ' Boomer , there 's a pair on your tail . Pull up ! I 'll get him off . Nice shooting ! We have to know how many base ships we 're dealing with . - No base ships . - You 're mistaken . Fighters can 't go this far from Cylon , they don 't carry enough fuel . - Just fighters . Maybe a thousand . - How do you account for that , Apollo ? I don 't know . We picked up an empty tanker on our scanner . I guess the Cylons used it to refuel after flying there from where their base ships are . Why operate without base ships when it isn 't necessary ? They would 've been well out of our range at the old moon . Unless it was necessary ... for them to be somewhere else . Get me the President ! Starbuck , it 's dangerous here ! Mr President , I request permission to leave the fleet . I suspect our home planets may face imminent attack . - Maintain contact ! - ' .. fires out of ... Request ... ' 'How could I have been so completely wrong ? 'I have led the entire human race to ruin . ' Mr President ? Group 3 , Vectors 1-7 and 2-8 . Arm and attack Atlantia . - I got him on the left . - I got him on the right . 'The main attack is on the President 's ship . ' Atlantia Death Squadron , attack . Negative shield , now ! Back to your posts , now ! Oh , my God . Commander , long-range scanners have picked up Cylon base ships ... at grids 0-3-5 , 1-2-6 and 2-5-8 . Within striking range of the planets Virgon , Sagitara and ... Yes , and Caprica . By your command . Speak , Centurion . All base ships are now in range to attack the Colonies . The final annihilation of the life form known as Man . Let the attack begin . Helm , bring us around . We 're withdrawing . Flank speed for home . Long-range scanner picks up wave after wave of ships headed towards all inner planets . Hey , Boomer , where 's she going ? 'Don 't ask me . The Commander calls the shots . ' Hey , guys , Galactica 's pulling out . There 's got to be a good reason . Electronic jamming has stopped . They 're clearing the air for their electronic guidance systems . So the attack is under way . No , sir , we 're picking up video signals . Everything looks normal at home . We have a civil broadcast transmission coming up shortly . Perhaps we 're in time , Commander ? Preparations continue through the night here at the Caprica Presidium . We can see at the moment it is somewhat deserted . But with the new dawn , it will be full of Capricans coming here , eagerly and joyfully , to usher in a new era - the era of peace . So far , details of the armistice meeting , going on at this very moment on the star Kobol , are not coming in as we had hoped for . 'It seems that this is due to unusual electrical interferences 'which are blocking out all interstellar communications . ' However , as soon as they are available , we will be showing you the first pictures of something described as the most significant event in history . Oh , my God ! It 's a tremendous explosion ! Are we getting this on camera ? People are running everywhere . Ladies and gentlemen , this is terrible . They 're bombing the city . Boxey ! No ! Boxey ! Miss , the building 's going to topple ! Everybody , run for cover ! Run ! Run ! Hurry , find cover ! Get out of here ! Stay down here ! No ! No ! - My daggit ! Where is he ? - He 's fine . It 's going to be all right . ' .. on the southern peninsula . '31 cities are known to be under heavy attack . ' 'Red 1-3-niner , we 're on fire . Emergency , fire in Red 1-3 . ' 'The water supply is cut off . ' 'A second wave is coming in . We have no defences ! ' 'Is this channel operative ? ' Oh , Zac ... and all the others ! They trusted us to protect them and we ... Oh , God . There really wasn 't any choice . Commander , Cylon base ships on long-range scanner , launching to all outer planets . No hope , Commander . What about Sagitara ? The planet 's in flames , Commander . Have my shuttlecraft prepared , please . Shuttlecraft ? I 'm going down on the surface of Caprica . You can 't . If the Cylon scanners pick you up ... You will continue to rendezvous with the survivors of the fleet . I 'll take you in my fighter . You 're the last Council member . If we run into a Cylon ship , you 'll have a chance . I insist on that , Commander . Very well . Transferring control to probe craft . Launch when ready . Ships are coming in on both decks , sir . - What 's the count ? - 67 fighters in all , sir . 25 of our own . - How many battlestars ? - None . What ? We 're the only surviving battlestar . My God . Red Leader One in trouble . Repeat , in trouble . Red Leader , how can we assist you ? I 'm damaged . Power control circuits shot away on my landing gear . Starbuck , what 's your condition ? This is no time for trainees , Athena . I 'm in real trouble . You will be if you keep talking like that . How 's your fuel ? - Dry . - ' All right . Run the check with me . ' Alpha circuit , alternate to left servo circuit . Alpha circuit alternating to left servo circuit . No response . My throttles are still full open . Omega C circuit . Alternate the servo support circuit . Alternating to servo support circuit . Does not respond . Bring him in full throttle . There 's no choice . I heard him . Get everyone out of the way , I 'm coming in hot . You 're cleared to land . I hope you aren 't counting off for neatness . He 's coming in like a missile . Stay back ! He could lose it . I told you to stay back ! Starbuck ! Get out ! The ship might blow any minute ! - Are you all right ? - Fine , no thanks to your father . - Here . Give it a good wash for me . - Out of the way . Blow that out ! What are you saying ? Do you realise what we 've been through ? You didn 't see how we spent our day . We single-handedly beat the Cylons while you went on a cruise ! Don 't you realise what 's happened ? ! I realise what happened . You should see this baby when it takes off . Beautiful sight , unless it happens to be your base ship ! Starbuck , listen to me ! The Colonies are gone . - All of them . - What are you talking about , gone ? I 'm sorry , Ila . I was never there when it mattered . Never . Women . This way . There 's food somewhere . I 'm hungry . Father ? There are crowds coming . They probably saw our ship land . I was just ... g-gathering a few things here . - This likeness of you and Zac ... - Father , we can 't stay . Maybe Mother wasn 't here . No . No , she was here . She was here . Where were they ? Where were they ? ! Where are the rest of you fancy fliers ? Where were you when they killed the rest of us ? - What were you doing , boy ? - Wait ! Let him talk ! I want to know where you were as well . All of you . We waited . We watched and prayed and you never came . Most of us are dead . - The fleet is all but destroyed . - But you 're here . From the Battlestar Galactica . - It survived ? - Yes . What of the President and the Council of 12 and all the other Colonies ? All destroyed . - Commander Adama . - Yes , Serina . It 's true then . We 're defeated , doomed . Can I ride in your ship , sir ? Fighter planes aren 't for little boys . They 're going to have to be if we 're going to survive . - We must fight back . - Yes , we are going to fight back . But not here , not now , not in the Colonies . Not even in this star system . Send word to every man , woman and child who survived this holocaust . Tell them to set sail at once in every assorted vehicle that will carry them . 'And the word went forth to every outpost of humanity , 'and they came - the Aries , 'the Gemons , the Virgos , 'the Scorpios , the Pisceans and the Sagittarians . 'In all , 220 ships , representing every colony , 'colour and creed in the star system . 'The human race might have one more chance 'but first it would have to survive 'the alliance , the elements ... 'and the unknown sinister threats that would lie ahead . ' Their destruction is complete . Our forces have taken prisoners near the spacedrome . They tell of survivors who escaped in ships . What ships ? How far can they go ? If a handful of survivors did escape , they would have neither fuel nor food for a long voyage . The information is not complete . It is offered in exchange for life . And what is the standing order for humans ? - Extermination . - Then carry out your orders . If they exist ... they 're doomed . We gather here as representatives of each ship in our fleet to answer that single question ... where will we go ? Our recorded history tells us that we descended from a mother civilisation , a race that went out into space to establish colonies . Those of us here assembled now represent the only known surviving Colonies . Save one , a sister world , far out in the universe , remembered to us only through ancient writings . It is my intention to seek out that remaining colony , that last outpost of humanity in the whole universe . Commander Adama ? This 13th colony , this other world , where is it and what is it called ? I wish I could tell you that I know precisely where it is but I can 't . However , I do know that it lies beyond our star system , in a galaxy very much like our own , on a planet called ... Earth . Earth ? Anybody here ? - Starbuck . - Oh . I 've been looking for you . I came to apologise for how I treated you . It 's just ... I 'd seen so many of the guys from my squadron ... .. burned up . I - I guess I was looking to take it out on somebody . I wish it hadn 't been you . It wasn 't important , Starbuck . I don 't know what is . Look , I 'm sorry about ... Zac and your mother . Starbuck , you don 't have to say anything . - Zac pulled my patrol . - He wanted to go . Yeah . Athena , this is a time for sticking together . Maybe we could talk about , er ... things . Us , you mean ? Well , I ... guess it is a little overdue . Starbuck , I don 't know . I don 't think any of us have any kind of future any more . Don 't say that . Things are going to be all right . Look , if we can handle what we 've just been through , we can handle anything . Later , maybe , when things aren 't so fresh in my mind . Athena , I ... I said I was sorry . Starbuck , I don 't want to care about anybody ... but especially you . Zac couldn 't wait to get out there , get all shot up . And you , you 're worse than Zac . I think of it ... as an obligation . No , you don 't . You like to pretend they 're dragging you by your bootstraps but ... you really can 't wait to get up there in that machine of yours . Well , I ... I guess we ... see things differently . I guess we do . I said what I came to say . 'This is Alpha Shuttle . 'Fleet damage and supply survey . Please prepare to receive . ' Look at it this way , Boomer , it isn 't the worst duty in the fleet . I hear they 're sending some guys from Beta section crawling around an old skybus looking for a solium leak . Wonder how they missed us for that ? Excuse me , but ... - What are you looking for ? ! - Solium leaks . - Bye . - Halt ! Apollo ! Captain , that stuff is dangerous . These old ships shouldn 't even be flying . There wasn 't much choice , was there ? How many people did we leave behind for lack of ships ? Unless you want a permanent duty here , you 'll help survey every ship for damage or I might be tempted to loan you to Beta company . Keep it up , old buddy . You 're going to get us into real trouble . Ten thousand light years from nowhere , our planet destroyed - and I 'll get us in trouble ? - All I 'm saying ... - What is the matter with you ? I tell you , you may as well live for today . We might not have many left . Apollo ? Yeah , I see it . - Where 's the food ? - Everything 's gonna be taken care of . And water ? We haven 't had water in two days . We 'll have food and water ... But you promised us water ! Can 't you bring us some water ? A little bit ? We just need a little bit of water ! Where 's the food ? We haven 't heard from anyone in two days ! Please . Please , tell us what 's going on . - Have we been left behind ? - No , you haven 't . Be patient . You will be attended to . Be patient . Just be glad you 're alive . - It 's Gemonese . - Can anyone help ? Does anyone understand Gemonese ? - Her husband is feverish . - What 's wrong with your arm ? - Others are in greater need than I. - Get her out of here . She should be jettisoned with the dead . No place for refuse here . Feed her to the daggits ! Dirty socialator . You starve us while the bureauticians luxuriate in their private sanctuaries . - No one is in luxury , I promise you that . - No , you 're lying . I saw it with my own eyes aboard the Rising Star , before I was cast out and put here among the Borays of humanity . Core Control is aware of the problem . - So food and water is on the way ? - They 're " aware " of the problem . What are you saying ? There 's something you 're not telling us . Relief is on the way , you have my word as a warrior . Your word as a warrior ? 'I can 't fault them for resenting us . 'They have to blame someone . ' Core Command , Alpha Shuttle asking for clarification on food dispersal . Core Command . No information available at this time . " Not available " ? I just left a ship filled with starving people . - ' What 's going on ? ' - I 'm sorry , Core Command has no information available at this time . Commander , this is Colonel Tigh . It 's starting . Something 's wrong . What did they tell you when you called ? The same thing they told you , a vague acknowledgment of the problem . Boomer , I 'm getting an awful uneasy feeling . Why don 't you just give me your name , OK ? It 's all right . My name is Cassiopeia . Cassiopeia . It 's beautiful . It means fairy queen , doesn 't it ? - I think so . - Designation ? I 'm designated a socialator . It 's an honourable profession , it 's had the blessings of the elders for 4,000 years . I didn 't say anything . I was just curious about all that excitement on the barge . That woman ... That woman is a member of the Otori Sect amongst the Gemonese . They don 't believe in physical contact between genders except when sanctified by the priest during high worship of the sun storm , which comes once only every seven years . No wonder those buggers are such good card players . This is Alpha Shuttle . Rendezvousing with Starliner Rising Star . Then on to Galactica with patients for life station . What are you up to ? If you don 't mind my asking , sir . Seeing what 's at the bottom of this conspiracy . 'Rising Star , 'this is Sigma Shuttle on fleet damage and supply survey . ' Contaminated ? Weren 't the provisions checked ? Yes , but not for Pluton poisoning . Pluton breaks down food . All this is worthless ? We don 't know yet . Jolly , go through every container . Some may have been shielded enough to be saved . It isn 't looking good . Salvage anything you can . Even small scraps will help . What do we do with the rest of it ? Jettison it . Keep a lid on the problem . If people find out we haven 't any food , we 'll have a mutiny . Flight Leader Serpentine , by your command . Report , Centurion , on the final assault . On each of the 12 planets a similar story is told of a handful of ships who escaped destruction to rendezvous with a warship . - What kind of warship ? - The Battlestar Galactica . Then go and seek out Baltar . Tell him I 'm displeased . Tell him I 've offered a choice - deliver the Battlestar Galactica or deliver his head . Captain ! - Yes ? - I heard that you 'd come aboard . May I borrow you for a moment ? We 're on an important survey for the Commander . It won 't take very long . Boomer , go up to elite class and see if there 's any problems . You won 't like what you find . I 'll be along presently . It 's my son . He hasn 't moved in two days . He lost his daggit which meant everything to him . I thought you could help . I don 't know what I can do . He seemed to spark a little when you picked him up on Caprica . I got the feeling that you were good with children . I grew up with a kid brother . - Where is he ? - There . Excuse me , I 'm looking for young men to be fighter pilots . Your name is ? - Boxey . - Boxey . OK . You 're at the top of my list . I 've been looking for you . You should have contacted the Commander . We need pilots . I 'm too little to be a pilot . Right now . But how long do you think it takes to become a full warrior ? I don 't know . You have to start when you 're small or you won 't get these until you have grey hair . - You like them ? - I want Muffit . There 's not much room for a daggit in a fighter plane . He 's gone . He ran away . Oh . Well , erm ... maybe we can find one of Muffit 's friends . I asked . There are no daggits . I 'll tell you what ... as a Colonial warrior first level , you can have the first daggit that comes along , OK ? But only on the condition that you get your rest , close your eyes , eat all your primaries , and stop chasing girls . Thank you . I was right , you are good with kids . You and your brother must be very close . - We were . - Oh , I 'm sorry . If you 'd rather not be involved ... Don 't be silly - what 's a warrior to do after he 's lost the big one ? Win a few of the little ones . That 's not a little one in there , Captain . No . - This is private accommodation ... - Just step aside ... .. secured by Sire Uri and his party . I 'm being paid by Trans Stellar 's ... Now . - What 's going on , Boomer ? - Oh , nothing . Just the fella here didn 't seem to want to let us into the club area . Thank you . Thank you . I trust you have an explanation for this intrusion ? Would you like to make a statement before I arrest you , Sire Uri ? I 'm glad you know my name . You 'll know from where the blade fell . You have about a micron to join me on my shuttle . Then I 'll turn the starving passengers loose and leave you to them . Captain , why don 't you join us in our prayer of gratitude for deliverance ? In case it eluded you , Councillor , 100 people have died since our deliverance from the Cylons . While hunger hasn 't yet taken a life , it 's only a matter of time now . Notify Core Command that we have found stores which we will distribute as far as they go . No , it 's mine ! It belongs to me and my guests . Does your wife feel the same about denying food to others ? - My wife ? - Siress Uri . I don 't see her . Unfortunately she was not in time to make the voyage . My sympathies . I share your bereavement . - Siress Uri was an outstanding woman . - Yes . She would be moved by your mourning . Have Jolly come up and distribute this food . Without being critical , Captain , haven 't you overplayed our hand just a tad ? Sire Uri is a member of the newly elected Council of the 12 . How do you overplay starvation ? How does it feel ? Like it 's never even been broken . The bone 's been fused whole . It 's stronger than before . It 's wonderful . Ooh ! Look , look ! Look at my arm ! You 're waiting to take me back , aren 't you ? Well , it isn 't easy to find a ride around here . I dread returning to that ship . Look , maybe I can check around and see if there 's anyplace else you can go . There are better ships . Would you be doing this if I weren 't a socialator ? Hey , listen , can we forget my little jokes back on the shuttle ? Look , I ... I just want to help you . Really , it 's nothing personal . - Nothing personal ? - No . Absolutely nothing . - Really ? - I swear . OK . OK ! But I think you 're making a terrible deal . Long-range patrol is reporting in . Scanners show no sign of Cylon pursuit . 'All vectors looking good . ' - Commander . - Yes , I heard . That 's ... good news . Apparently we 've escaped . Finding us now is almost impossible - if we don 't make any mistakes . Carillon is too far away . We will never make it because of the food disaster . There is no other destination . Ah , but there is . We can stop here , on Borallus . We know that everything we need is there ... food , fuel and water . And , undoubtedly , a Cylon task force . - It is the most logical place to stop . - Precisely why it 'll be fatal . - Where are you going ? - Possibly fatal . Is it not surely fatal to continue towards Carillon ? There is another way , if I may have a moment of your time ? I support Commander Adama 's rejection of Borallus . Surprising . It is a deathtrap as lethal as the one we left behind and we haven 't the armament to fight . However , there is another approach to Carillon . Instead of using the intended route , which takes us centons out of our way , I suggest we take the direct path , here , through the Nova of Madagon . Not patrolled and a savings of centons in reaching Carillon . Captain , I may not be a military expert , but I do know that the Cylons don 't have to patrol that particular area because they mine it , they lay mines that make passage impossible . It is impossible for cumbersome ships like ours to even attempt to go through that passage . I agree . The fleet could not traverse it unless it had been cleared first . And how would you propose doing that ? I suggest I find one or two volunteers to fly with me ahead of the fleet in fighter craft to blow the minefield apart with torpedoes . - Good idea . - Two volunteers ? Out of the question ! Out of the question ! Brilliant , brilliant . If you must go straight ahead as you insist , Adama , then this is the way . - I say we support the captain . - Good for you , my boy . As grave a plan as it is , it appears to be our only hope . You have the support and the blessing of the Council of the 12 . Thank you . Guess who he 's got in mind to volunteer ? Hey , wait . I 'm getting outta here . Well , just the two fellas I wanted to see . Follow me , gentlemen . See , I told you . Right . What were you doing volunteering for a mission like that ? Sire Uri must be laughing up his sleeve . Is that what 's worrying you - being made to look foolish by Uri ? I 'm sorry but there was no choice . You didn 't have a plan . It was his way or mine . Now he 's got us doing it , turning one against the other . If Uri weren 't such a prima donna I 'd say let him lead ! We must not allow ourselves to be fractioned off . - A single voice is imperative . - But not his ! He 's only interested in himself . I don 't understand how he got elected - you voted for him ! You should have known him back in the renaissance days of Caprica . He was the best . A builder , an architect of dreams ... Now he just sits and decays himself with drink and remembrance . No wonder our world fell apart . Looking back is contagious . Decay and corruption go hand in hand with defeatism and lack of action . Uri moved in because you failed to act , to have alternatives to his plans . I believe it is ... sometimes prudent to steer away from the flames once you 've been badly burnt . And I 'd say you 'd better look around more carefully . You 're nursing wounds while we 're still in the fire . He still won 't eat . I may have something to interest him . Tonight ? Shouldn 't you get some rest ? I 'll sleep better after we solve Boxey 's problem . - That 's a tall order . - I 'm a big boy . OK , Boxey . You 're going to love this , Boxey . As you know , we will soon be landing on various alien planets . It 's important that we be safe . Ordinarily , we 'd use trained daggits to stand watch at night while our warriors slept in their encampments . But we didn 't have any daggits . So we just had to see what we could come up with . We 'll call the first one Muffit ll . Naturally , the first one will have to be very carefully looked after . That 's not Muffit . It 's not even a real daggit . No , but he can learn to be like a real one . He 's very smart . And if you would help us , he can be even smarter . Stop that . We used the image of Boxey you gave us to train the drone to respond to him . I owe you one , Doc . Any time . That 's one I owe you . Call it even . Father ? Father , are you all right ? If anyone can say that he 's all right after what has happened , I 'd recommend them for catharsis treatment . That 's not the warrior I 'm used to . Whatever happened to the joy of living to fight another day ? Ah , yes , the joy of living . You were aboard the Galactica . You didn 't see them down there . Their faces . The old , the young ... Desperate . Begging , screaming for a chance to come aboard , a chance to live . And there I was , like God , passing out priorities as if they were tickets to a lottery . There was one ... one woman with a child in her arms . She tore at my arm as I was boarding the launch to come back . - Father , don 't . - Guard came up . I saw him out of the corner of my eye and tried to stop him . He shoved her away , pushed her . He didn 't see the child . I don 't know what happened to that woman . But , God , I don 't want it any more . Let someone else do it . - Father ? - Take this burden from me . It 's somehow beautiful . It 's a perfect machine . Born to dance amongst the stars . It 's bumping into them that has me worried . Why did you volunteer , Starbuck ? Well , somebody had to do it . Did Apollo make you ? Yes , you certainly have a way of cutting through the felgercarb . Do you ever take that smouldering weed out of your mouth ? I had this wonderful speech all prepared . About this being your last night here , about possibly not seeing another night as beautiful as this one or another girl as beautiful as I am ever again ? That speech is a little better than the one I had . Would you mind if I borrowed it on some future occasion ? Do you mind if we don 't spend much more time in the launching bay ? Can you think of any place more private ? I can 't think of any place private in the whole damn fleet . - What 's in there ? - That 's the launch tube . You don 't want to go in there . It 's dark and cold and ... Lord , I 'll do anything you ask tomorrow , just don 't call an alert tonight . Colonel , have you seen Lieutenant Starbuck ? No , I don 't think I ... Wait , I did see him on the monitors earlier . Before we shut down , he was checking out his ship . - That seems to make sense . - I 'm sure he 's gone . Getting a good night 's sleep for the mission . Why don 't you do the same ? That little snake . The Nova of Madagon is not a nova at all but a star field so bright our cockpits will be sealed to prevent blindness . We 'll navigate by scanner and clear a path with turbo lasers . Starbuck ? You 're fidgeting like a daggit on a sunspot . It 's my bio-pulse line , sir . It 's a bad time for me to be in a cockpit . Starbuck 's being polite . He got a steam burn . I won 't ask you how you got it because I need you on this mission . I didn 't choose you to help without a great deal of anguish . Let me assure you that if we fail , no one will survive . The rest of our friends must sit in anticipation of our skill . Or lack thereof . - Ready ? - Ready . Radiation shield positive . Launch fighters now . 'Skin temperature read-out 100 and rising . ' I can 't see anything but it 's getting hot . Anybody picking up the field ? - Negative . - ' Mine 's gone . ' 'I was afraid of that . It 's too bright . ' Core systems transferring control to Galactica . 'We will guide you using scanners . ' - What if we miss a mine ? - We 'll be the first to know . Let 's go . 'We 'll talk you through . ' 'Countdown to fire . 'Five , four , three ... ' 'Three degrees right . 'Target destroyed . One target coming up . ' 'It 's burning through . ' ' .. two , one , fire . ' 'Keep firing ! ' 'And fire . 'Heartbeat , Captain Boomer , read-out 100 , other functions normal . ' It 's working , Commander . They 're clearing a path 100 maxims wide . That is precision flying . - I can 't see . Are we hitting anything ? - Hanged if I know . ' .. two , one , fire . 'Heartbeat , Captain Apollo , read-out 99 . 'Skin temperature 120 and still rising . 'Skin temperature 130 and rising . - ' Five , four ... ' - ' It 's getting hot . ' ' .. two , one , fire . 'Fire . 'Fire . 'Heartbeat , Captain Apollo , read-out 99 . 'Skin temperature 135 and slowly levelling off . ' It 's cooling off . Let 's take a look at where we are . Negative shield , now . There it is - Carillon . - I think we 're going to make it . - Yee-ha ! We did it ! Recall the flight crews . 'The planet Carillon . ' Landing operations will begin at once . Prepare to land the mineral ships and the landram parties . 'Our mineral scanners have located 'the approximate site of the old mining expedition . 'Blue Squadron will vector in the ground search teams . ' Welcome , Baltar . I have grave news . A handful of Colonials prevail but we will soon find them . What of our bargain ? My colony was to be spared ! I now alter the bargain . How can you change one side of a bargain ? When there is no other side . You have missed the entire point of the war . But I have no ambitions against you . Could you think me so foolish as to trust a man who would see his own race destroyed ? Not destroyed , subjugated . Under me . There can be no survivors . So long as one human remains alive the alliance is threatened . Surely you ... You don 't mean me ? We thank you for your help , Baltar . Your time is at an end . - No , you can 't ... - No , not now , Centurion . Remove him for public execution . Vector 63038 to Ground Expedition 2 . 'My scanners read life forms beyond here . ' Either it 's some high-energy substance or they left a caretaker operation behind . 'We 've got it , 038 . Thanks . ' I wonder what this looks like in the daytime . Hey , this is the daytime . Oh . Lovely . 'Skywalk 038 , can you assist in locating Tylium mine ? ' You got it , Captain . My scanner indicates that you will intersect the mine area in 24 millicentons . 'Affirmative . ' 'Sync chronometers . ' Captain would like a check-in every four millicentons . - ' Understood ? ' - Affirmative , Jolly . You are in time-sync now . 038 returning to base . See you guys in a while . Good luck . Boomer ... - Yeah , yeah , what is it now ? - You 're not going to believe this . I don 't believe it . - What is it ? - I don 't know . - Boy , it sure is pretty . - Yeah . - Sounds friendly . - Yeah . Don 't shoot me ! What do you want ? Wait , wait . Don 't be afraid . Listen ... Hey , you 're from Taura . I 'm a Taurus . How do you know that ? The dialect . Listen , what is this place ? - What are you doing here ? - Me ? What are you doing here ? Colonial warriors sneaking around with your weapons drawn ! - Sorry . - This is legal , isn 't it ? Well , how did you get here ? - I came in a skybus . - She 's been smoking plant vapour . Wait , wait , miss ! Could you tell us something about this bus ? My travelator , he took care of all of it . Isn 't it fabulous here ? All this for so little money . Oh , and I just won over 1,000 cubits . - Isn 't that amazing ? - You won those cubits here ? In here . Everybody 's doing it . It 's incredible . If it 's illegal , you 're going to have to fight the whole star system . I have to go . I have a moonlight cruise . Two moons - oh , how can you go wrong ? How cut off can these people be ? It 's like she hasn 't heard the Colonies were destroyed . And why haven 't we heard about this place ? I suppose you know every gambling chancery in this star system ? That 's right . If there 's a game going on , you 'd know about it . The odds must be incredible . People are winning a fortune . Yes , and they 're well fed . Why don 't we find out who 's in charge of this place and get some food to the fleet ? The last thing these people may want is a battlestar at their front door . I 've never found a gambling den that didn 't depend on military pay vouchers . Now , Boomer , until we find out who these , er , people are , remember , it only takes one informant and the Cylon war machine will be here . I want to look around , sit in on a game , see if I can find out what 's behind this place . Your mission , Boxey , is to watch that read-out . When the counter gets to ten , it means we 've found a Tylium deposit . Yes , sir . We can 't afford to stay in one place for too long . Why ? Why 'd those people want to hurt us ? What did we do to them ? It 's not what we did to them , it 's what they fear we could do . They 're not like us . They 're machines , created by living creatures a long time ago . If they 're machines , why don 't we just turn ' em off ? Boy , I wish we could . These machines aren 't that simple . Some machines are so advanced they function better than living creatures . - They 're not smarter . - In some ways , they are . They think a lot faster than we do but they 're not as individual . We can do more of the unexpected . It 's about the only advantage we have . - Why did we make them ? - We didn 't . Another race did . A race of reptiles called Cylons . The Cylons found humans were the most practical creatures in this system , so they copied our bodies but they built them bigger and stronger . They can exchange parts and live forever . Maybe the Cylons who created these machines could turn them off . There are no more real Cylons . They died off thousands of yahrens ago , leaving behind a race of supermachines . And we still call them Cylons . Will that happen to us , too ? Will our machines take over ? We are very careful not to make our drones that intelligent or independent . Present company excepted , Muffit . I think we 'd better have this drone checked . He 's been listening awfully closely . - We 'd better talk . - Right . ? Something 's always after you ? It 's love ? Love , love ? It 's love ? Love , love ♪ It 's love ♪ Love , love ... ♪ - They can 't try to read our lips in here . - Who ? Whoever might be up to something here . Well , Boomer , one thing this place isn 't is crooked . - Where 'd you get all those cubits ? - Gambling . You can 't lose . That 's what I mean . You ever been in a chancery where you couldn 't lose ? No , but then I 've never been here either . ? No matter where you go ? It won 't matter what you do ♪ Cos something 's always after you ... ♪ We could make a fortune if we put those girls on the star circuit . - I mean big money . Big money . - Big money ? Mm ! Every creature in the universe is out to exterminate us - and you want to hire a vocal group ? - Mm-hm . Starbuck , there 's something not right about this place . ? It 's love ? Love , love ? It 's love ? Love , love ? It 's love ? Love , love ? Love ! Love ! ♪ Love ♪ I 've got to talk to those girls . Quiet , Muffit . I see it . Tylium . Nice going . That 's a hot reading . We may be right on top of that old mine . I better check it out . OK , Jolly , keep your eyes open . - I 'll bring him back . - Hey , Boxey . Boxey , hold it right here . I 'm going to get him back . Muffy ! Muffy ! Thank you . - For what ? - For saving my son 's life . You 're getting things out of proportion . Anyway , maybe I should thank you . You don 't know me or about Boxey 's father . When you 're ready you 'll tell me . Nothing that 's gone on before really counts for much . As far as the human race is concerned we 're all starting over . Muffy ! Muffy ? ! Muffy ! Muffy ? Muffy ! Darn you , daggit ! Where are you ? Muffy ! Muffy ? ! Muffy ! Muffy ? ! - Any sign of Boxey ? - Afraid not . What is it ? - What 's happening on this planet ? - I don 't know . This is the largest Tylium mine I 've seen . I just want to find Boxey . 'Welcome to Carillon . 'You are impressed ? ' Confused is more like it . We 've lost a little boy . 'He is safe . We found him and brought him here . - ' Would you care to join him ? ' - Yes , we would . Mommy ! Ah ... Captain . Good fortune smiles on us . It 's like nothing we dreamed of , Captain . They have everything we need . They 're happy to share . - Sounds like paradise . - Yeah , it does . Colonel ? A message from Sire Uri . Well , Colonel . - A most optimistic note . - Too optimistic . Uri has everyone breaking in the bulkheads to get there . Perhaps in small numbers in rotation . It isn 't going to be that way . He 's authorised visitors ' permits to half our population . Half the population ? 'We 've come so far , so quickly , 'there has been little time for reason . 'What is the secret behind the existence of this outpost 'on the outer rim of our star system ? 'There are many such oases for intergalactic travellers , 'but none so far off the known arteries of trade , 'and none so curiously close to a Tylium mine . ' Fuel has begun to arrive from the Ovion mines but in curiously small quantities . Now I feel the growing need for extraordinary measures of precaution . 'The ships continue to hover over the planet , 'supported by maintenance crews 'whose spirits are as depleted as their numbers . ' Everyone seems to have forgotten our flight from the Cylons . The beauty and wiles of Carillon hold our people spellbound . Let ' em ride . Hello , Starbuck . - This is my lucky night . - Just might be . - Well , money isn 't everything . - No ? Have you checked out the accommodations yet ? Most of my unit is staying down on Carillon tonight . - I 'll see what I can arrange . - OK . Yeah . - Are you going to play , sir ? - I hope so . Hm ? Oh ! Yeah , sure . Let ' em ride again . It 's my lucky night . Can 't lose . Is this seat taken ? Oh , er ... Well , it 's , er ... - Starbuck ... - Yeah . I came because I think I owe you an apology . You do ? This paradise is the perfect opportunity for us to be ... open and honest with one another . - Yeah . - I hurt you . Admit it . Well ... You once said I was the only woman you 'd had real feelings toward . Yeah , I , er , may have said that . You may have said that ? No . No , Athena , wait ! What ... What I meant to say is that I 've had to shut all of those feelings out to avoid any more pain than I 've already suffered . Starbuck ... Oh , no ... Hello . Excuse me , you 're occupying my space . - Your space ? - Yes , I have good news . - Hm ? - I got us the key to the royal suite . Why thank you , we do appreciate it . Er , see , listen , I 've got this hot streak going here ... - Oh ! I see . - Yes , I do , too . Well , have a good time , you two . And next time it 's office rates , Lieutenant . Never eaten so much in my entire life . I 'm gonna be as fat as a pig . Push level three for us , please . I feel like a total glut , Nanswah . Nothing fits me any more . And we 've only been on the surface for three ... Erm ... I asked you to push the third level . There , you 've missed our lodging . I did press it . Something seems to be wrong . Well , there are no lodgings this far down . Look there , it seems to be taking us all the way to the bottom . - Something 's happening . - Let me at that control . There , we 've stopped . Thank goodness . I wonder what 's down here . You wanted to see me ? I 've been sitting here for yahrens , it seems , examining our military intelligence on this Carillon outpost . I didn 't think we had any beyond the exploration for fighter fuel . That 's the disquieting part . Baltar 's people declared the Tylium too minimal for mining . And our military intelligence is based on that report . And now we find one of the largest Tylium mines in the star system . Exactly . So the mystery is , who 's behind such a huge remote mining operation ? There 's no local food source to feed their labourers . They must be bringing it in from who knows how far ? They have plenty to share . Our people are getting obese . Yes . And there 's another mystery . There seems to be no connection between the Ovion workers underground and the resort on the surface , and yet there must be some connection . Do you suspect a tie-in with the Cylon Empire ? Where Baltar 's involved I suppose I suspect everything . You 've had no reports of anything odd , out of the ordinary ? No , sir . The people are having the time of their lives . It 's a circus . A wonderland . - Shall we ? - Why don 't we , my beautiful captain ? We have here the food and necessities to feed our people . We have the support of a culture quite content to be subservient to our needs . We are far away from the Cylons so as not to pose a threat to them . At least we ought not to pose a threat . And would not if we destroyed our war machines . - What 's this ? - Ah , our young warrior . Or should I say saviour ? I was just pointing out that the Cylons destroyed our cities because we were a threat to their order . Here , isolated from them , we pose no threat . Or would not , if we disposed of our ships and weapons . Now , what do you think of my proposal ? Hope it 's the grog . Well , tonight it might very well be the grog , but there 's always tomorrow . Why should they believe we are now willing to accept that which we have always found unacceptable - to live under Cylon rule ? Because we would destroy our arms ... to prove we are willing to live in peace . - Destroy our only means of defence ? - Or attack . May I remind my brothers that we did not have conflict with the Cylons until we intervened in their relations with other nations ? Yes . Yes , you are right . We did not come into conflict with the Cylons until we helped our neighbours , whom the Cylons wished to enslave . And until we helped the Hasaris get back their nation , taken by force by the Cylons . Correct , but if we mind our own business , there 's every reason to believe that the Cylons will leave us alone . If you 've all come here to turn your backs on the principles of our fathers and the Lords of Kobol , from whom all Colonies evolved , you do so with my utter contempt . Warriors are always the last to recognise the inevitability of change . We have a choice . Life or death . I submit that an issue this grave should be decided by our people . Maybe you 're right but I 'll tell you , the military won 't be easy to convince . How , may I ask , do you propose to present such a delicate matter ? At a celebration to decorate those three brave young men who led us to safety through the perilous straits of Madagon . One of them Adama 's son , I do believe . Just the tonic our people need at this moment ... some old-fashioned down-to-goodness heroes . - After you . - Thank you . Party 's just getting started . I 'm kind of companied out , thank you . You 'll miss the tribute for the warriors . I 've given them all the tribute they 're going to get . Oh , it missed my level . Mine , too . Something seems to be wrong . We 're going all the way down . Is that allowed ? I wonder what 's down there ? Help me ! What are they doing with us ? OK , 30-70 . You guys split 70 % and I 'll even pick up the transportation . I just don 't think it will work out . Why not ? Look , I can 't talk now . - What do you mean ? - We 'll have to talk about it later , if you 're still around . Wait , where 're you going ? You 're my ticket out of the military . Starbuck ! What are you doing ? The captain 's been looking for you . I agree with you . Something 's going on around here . It 's gonna have to wait . We 're going back to the Galactica . - What for ? - Dress uniforms . Dress uniforms ? I 'm not getting into any fancy ... One does not accept the highest military honour , the Gold Cluster , in a battle suit . - The Gold Cluster ? You 're kidding . - We got it . Commander ? Commander . Just like old times , isn 't it , Tigh ? Our ships weren 't so fancy but we gave them a good run . Yes . You didn 't tell anyone we were meeting ? - No . - Good . Is there some reason why we shouldn 't be talking ? Pick up that ground-crew communicator and climb into the next ship , please . - Climb into the next ship ? - Quickly . You 're patched into my internal comms system . We are completely isolated . No one can hear us . Yes , but why would anyone want to ? It grieves me to take such precautions on our own battlestar . Sire Uri 's men are expecting me to make a move over his disarmament plan . Even my private quarters are being monitored . Now , what I 'm about to propose is somewhat risky . You don 't have to go along if you don 't want to . Commander , if you say we should do it , naturally I say we should do it . What is it we 're about to do ? Tigh , when would be the most devastating time for a Cylon strike ? Almost any time , with half of our warriors down on ... During the celebration , when all of our warriors are down on Carillon . If we were attacked without being able to recall our warriors ... we wouldn 't have a chance . A few well-placed Cylon bombs in the heart of this launching bay ... and we couldn 't get a single fighter into the air . Then you do think there 's more to Carillon than generosity ? It smells like a trap . It feels like a trap . I believe it is a trap . It is imperative that we get our pilots closer to our ships . Or perhaps the other way around - get our ships closer to our pilots . How do we get our ships down to Carillon without council clearance ? We launch a couple at a time as if they were part of our regular patrol . The council has ordered all of our warriors to be at the party . They will be there , in a manner of speaking . Now , Uri doesn 't know all of our warriors on sight . He 'll be counting uniforms , not men . - He 'll be counting uniforms ? - Yes . And I want you to collect all the warrior uniforms you can possibly lay your hands on and fill them with whomever you can find . Mechanics , kitchen personnel , anyone . And get them down to that party . - What do I tell them ? - Tell them anything . Tell them they 're on a secret mission - which is the truth . - I 'll do my best . - I 'm depending upon you , Tigh . If I 'm right ... Uri won 't be the only one who 'll be counting uniforms at that party tonight . I understand . And I hope you are wrong . Well , we 'll see . What are you doing , Colonel ? I didn 't mean to startle you . Can we give you a hand with ... ? If you ever do that again , you 're on report , Starbuck ! Tell your playboy pilots this is not the last inspection I 'm going to make . If I ever find uniforms in this condition , you 're in trouble ! When Commander Adama sees these he 's gonna go crazy ! It 's gotta be the pressure . It 's unfair . Bridge officers never get to go to the surface , while everybody else has a good time . Bridge officers don 't get shot at flying around . - I wouldn 't mind trading with them . - I believe you . I 'll mention it to the colonel . I can 't take over for him . I 'm not a colonel . Neither am I. - So much for guilt . Let 's go to the party . - Right . Hello , Father . Apollo . Well ... Erm ... Colonel Tigh wants to be at the celebration , so I offered to relieve him for the night . It was simply a favour . I thought you 'd like to see your son getting a star cluster . It 's well deserved . Well deserved . Precisely why I cannot accept it as anything but another of Councillor Uri 's ploys . How can saluting his rival 's son be a ploy ? I have the feeling that he 'll propose destroying our arms at the celebration , hoping that the cascade of emotion will do all the damage before they realise what they 've done . - But you can stop him . - I ... Not any more . Haven 't you heard the talk ? - I got us into this predicament . - No one believes that . Even if some do , you have to speak out . You 've been more than a father to me . You 've been someone I could look up to with trust and respect . My ideals rise and fall on your standards , and this isn 't you . What 's happening to you ? Help me to understand . You 'll understand , my son . In time , you 'll understand . I know that wasn 't easy for you , not telling him . - Perhaps you should have . - No . No , if I told him , I wouldn 't have been able to keep him from my side . This is my gamble . If I win , we all win . But if you 're wrong , Uri will destroy you . I 'm not wrong . The Cylons lured me into their deception once . Never again . Guaranteed ? Easy . You can 't lose . - That 's very strange . - What is ? That man 's insignia is Blue Squadron . I thought I knew everybody in it . And look at the fit of that uniform . Apollo , tonight is a night of thanksgiving . Everyone 's dressing up and making do with whatever they have . He probably hasn 't worn that in years . Besides , the guest of honour looks absolutely delicious . - Hi . - How lovely you look in your uniform . Oh , how ? Hey , isn 't this something , Boxey ? Our hosts have been very generous . - I don 't like them . - What ? I said the Ovions wouldn 't approve of him bringing Muffit . Well , we put one over on ' em , didn 't we ? Except for your captain , I deduce from the uniforms - that most of your warriors are here . - Well , I 'm always a big draw . Muffit , come back here ! You daggit , come back here ! Starbuck . What is it ? I 'm talking to the great and near-great . When you come down , tell me who that is . Those three guys . They sure have lousy tailors . - Starbuck , you should know them . - Why should I know them ? They 're wearing our squadron insignia . Don 't start without me . Where is the lieutenant going ? - Erm ... To find the captain . - Excellent . What 's going on ? - Stop those guys ! Stop ' em ! - What are you ... ? - What are you doing , Starbuck ? - Something 's going on here . Those three impostors , I just ... Listen , can we talk ? Yeah . Will you excuse us ? The lieutenant needs attention . I 'll take Boxey and get some food . Where is Boxey ? He 's probably watching the acrobats . They 're good . Don 't be long . You don 't want to miss your own coronation . - What 's this about impostors ? - I don 't know . I keep running into guys who aren 't from our unit but they 're wearing our clothes . That officer in the shuttle . - You spotted one of them ? - Yeah , maybe . I think we 'd better check this out . I suggest that you find your two friends and tell them that we 're going to begin with or without them . Yes , sir . - Looks deserted . - Everyone 's at the party . No , three impostors are down here . How many warriors ? Nearly their full complement of warriors . Keep the humans entertained until the end . Then they will be yours in the lower chambers . This night , we celebrate a most special event in the annals of human experience . - Starbuck , what 'd you find ? - They must be at another level . - They 're inaccessible to humans . - I wondered about that . So did I. I know how to fix that . Stand back . You 're the gambler , pick a level . Let 's have a look at what 's furthest from the guest rooms . - Mm , nice - Shh . Mm , you 're the leader . .. against any living brother , whether a former friend or foe ... Muffit ! .. remembered in the era as the dark ... Me and my big mouth . At least we know the secret of Carillon . Let 's go . - Wait ! You go . - What are you talking about ? We don 't know the connection between the casino and the mining . They could be supplying half the fuel for the Cylon Empire . We just can 't leave it fully operational . Our entire population 's up on top . Including women and children . You warn them . I won 't do anything until you 've got away . What can you do by yourself ? This whole planet is loaded with Tylium . If I can ignite it with my laser , it 'll blow apart . I can 't leave you down here . - You 'll never get out alive . - You don 't have a choice . I had to leave Zac behind . I can 't leave you , too . You go . I 'll set fire to the Tylium . - By the time we finish arguing ... - Somebody 's coming . Muffit ! Run , Boxey ! - Is it too late to try talking to them ? - I think so . Oh , my God ! Some are probably from our ships . No wonder no one 's ever left here to tell about this resort . The Ovions are living off of them ... and selling the Tylium to the Cylons . - There 's Muffit ! - Boxey ! No ! Muffit ! Muffit ! Starbuck ! Let 's go ! Follow me ! Report , Centurion . It is done , Imperious Leader . Let the attack begin . By your command , Imperious Leader . We 're doing fine . Oops . There 's too many ! Set fire to the Tylium . That must be why you 're a captain ! Call out the entire garrison . Scanner 's picking up a large body of objects . Scan for alien forms . This way , this way ! Run , Boxey ! Where you guys been ? We 've been looking all over for you . Come on ! When the fires reach hyper-combustion , the whole planet 's gonna blow ! Frack ! Form scan positive . Multiple three-passenger vehicles . Cylon attack craft . So they spring their trap . Enemy approaching . 90 microns . Arm weapons . .. an opportunity to throw down our arms and prove once and for all that peace begets peace and love begets love . - And so I ... - Everybody listen to me ! Move quickly and orderly towards the exits . - That is an order ! - Stay where you are . I 'm in charge here . Do what he says ! He 's in charge . Here , Muffit ! I 'm going to save you . Enemy closing , 70 microns . Enemy approaching , 55 microns . Serina , take Boxey . I 'll be back . Let 's go ! Move it out ! Take it easy . Wait ! We can 't leave without Muffit . We can 't leave without Muffit ! Better go ! Where are these landrams coming from ? - I don 't know . - From Commander Adama . 35 microns and closing . Why are you in combat dress ? We didn 't go to the party , sir . You had to go , though , or they 'd know they didn 't have us all . Then who were those guys ? Anybody the Commander could find that could fill a uniform . Enemy closing , 30 microns . Recall all warriors from surface . - Stand by to attack . - 25 microns and closing . What 's going on ? - Whole squadron 's waiting for orders . - Yahoo ! 15 microns . Cylon attack force now closing to killer range . They 'll take you in the shuttle . - Let 's go ! - Bye ! Take care of your mom . I wish he could be my daddy . Enemy closing in . Ten microns . They are not sending out interceptors . We have taken them completely by surprise . Closing in , five microns . Four , three , two , one ... Positive shield , now ! - ' Starbuck ? ' - Rewed and ready for takeoff . He 's coming right at us . - Fire in the bay ! - Damage control . - Your wing ready , Jolly ? - Ready , sir . - ' Boomer ? ' - Ready , Captain . Let 's go . There 's nothing to stop them . Sir , incoming squadron doesn 't match any known Cylon machines . Aren 't they gonna be surprised ? If we don 't stop ' em , we 'll have to live on that rock . That one 's for the Atlantia . Here 's one for Zac . Father , they 're ours - all of them . But how ? A lot of our boys violated orders and skipped the party . - We must discuss discipline . - Yes , sir . - ' Starbuck ? ' - Yo . - ' On your tail ! ' - No problem . Felgercarb ! - Boomer , give him a hand . - On my way . Don 't take too long , Boomer . 'Thanks for the assist . ' 'Vector Alpha . I 'm onto three . 'Make that two . 'Let 's go ! ' Press it home . 'We got ' em on the run . ' Now let 's find that Cylon base ship . Nothing on my scanner . 'It must be behind Carillon . 'We 're not going to let it go . ' They can follow us until the reinforcements arrive . Let 's go beneath the scanners . Warriors requesting permission to locate and pursue Cylon base ship . No . We must conserve our resources if we 're to find a home for our people . Bring the fleet home . 'Get on a Cylon frequency . ' They can 't see us , but they 'll hear us . Doing what , praying ? No , you 'll be Red and Blue Squadrons , - I 'll be Green and Yellow . - Red and Blue ? Oh , I get it . Sir , two of our warriors are overdue and unaccounted for . - Who ? - It 's Captain Apollo , sir . - Who else ? - And Starbuck . I see . Switching frequencies now . 'Green Leader to Red . All ships in attack formation . ' Er ... Yeah . Yeah , we 're all ready . Every one of us . - Speak , Centurion . - By your command . Colonial viper squadrons approaching in large numbers . Surely our raiders are close enough to defend us ? Our raiders are still engaged against the Galactica . Retreat base ship behind the protection of Carillon . Their scanners will not find us . 'This is Yellow Leader . We have contact . ' 'Right . I 've got two more squadrons 'requesting to join us - Purple and Orange Squadrons . ' They 're dying for a good fight . Purple and Orange ? Er , negative , Blue Leader . We 've got all the manpower we need to knock out one base ship . We 're picking up signals between Purple and Orange Squadrons . We don 't have those squadrons . Purple and Orange ? Starbuck and Apollo ? Lord help them both . The warriors continue to advance - at least six squadrons . Recall all raiders to defend base ship . Our raiders are all destroyed . All destroyed ? How ? We took them by surprise . Apparently it was not as big a surprise as we had hoped for . Retreat closer to Carillon , below their scanners . There are reports of fires . - Lower . Or they will destroy us . - By your command . Just ahead . There she is . 'What do we do , ram her ? ' We are now picking up warriors on the scanner . We are too close to the surface . Telemetry reports surface of Carillon reaching vapour point . There are only two ships . It is a deception . 'Open fire and retreat from the planet . ' - Er , Apollo ... - OK , Starbuck , let 's go , before the Tylium we set on fire blows the planet apart ! Negative shield , now . She 's going to explode . Let 's go home . Some home . A piece of metal in the middle of nowhere . It beats just plain nowhere , at least until we find Earth . Think we 'll ever find it ? We 'll find it . Someday . Let 's go in . 'Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny , 'the last battlestar , Galactica , 'leads a ragtag fugitive fleet 'on a lonely quest ... 'a shining planet 'known as Earth . ' You are Baltar ? As if you don 't remember . My predecessor has left me with a difficult choice . Your ... - .. predecessor ? - Was destroyed by your peers . A foolish miscalculation of the will of your people . I - I-I-I tried to warn him . I could 've helped . I could 've prevented his ... Yes . I have examined your epistle suggesting you would be able to locate the humans . I can ! Oh , yes . I think as they do . I - I-I-I know where they will go , what they must do . I find your reasoning logical . Then ... I am to be ... Spared . - To serve the Empire ! - No . To serve your people . To help us extend the hand of truce . Truce ? My predecessor was programmed at a time when our empire was less capable of tolerance . Now that we are omnipotent we can afford to be more charitable . You will explain my policy of goodwill . I have spared you , I will spare them . They are ... not likely to be receptive . I will send with you a base star entirely under your command . Lucifer ? ST US By Tchen .. Sync error correction : Ki3r
