 We 've actually found human life forms . - Look at them . - Oh , my Lord . Hopefully this is our first contact with an Earth vehicle . The lives of those people do not belong to us . They must continue on their journey . - Can you identify them ? - I 've never seen flying craft like it . Do not lose contact . You 'd have to be pretty powerful to beat the Alliance . By the good graces of the Lords of Kobol , the Galactica leads her survivors towards the coordinates given us by those great lights that vanished as mysteriously as they appeared . There are those who speculate that those lights , advanced ships , really , might have come from Earth , giving us great hope that they have a highly developed technology . Even now , our long-range scouts patrol the quadrants watching for signs that indicate that we are growing close . Apollo ? Yeah . I 'm awake . - How long have I been in sleep period ? - ' About six centares . What 's up ? ' I can hear your klaxon over the comm line . 'You 're about 50 sectars ahead of me . ' Wait . Something 's coming onto the edge of my scanner . What 's it look like ? A sub-light vehicle containing six life forms . - Apollo , you don 't think ... - It 's our first contact with Earth ? Don 't get your hopes too high . I 'm kicking in my turbos to catch up . Apollo ? I see her . Now back off a little . Back off ? We 've come millions of metrics for this moment ! Starbuck , we don 't want to scare them out of their wits . - I hadn 't thought about that . - Look at the life signs . That 's incredible . They indicate humans but ... but at minimum life-support level . Colonel , what is this ? I 'm sorry but everyone 's so excited . News has spread that there are life forms and that Captain Apollo has attached the tow lines Yes , sir . On the line , Commander . People of the fleet , this is Commander Adama . 'Rumours are spreading faster than fact 'about the discovery of a manned vehicle 'soon to be brought aboard the Galactica . 'I must ask you all to be patient and cautious in your optimism . 'The incoming vessel will have to be placed in strict quarantine , 'carefully , before we can allow anyone near it , 'for fear of jeopardising not only our own lives , 'but the lives of whoever is aboard that spaceship . ' Hopefully this is our first contact with an Earth vehicle . Commander , so far no responses whatsoever from within the ship . I doubt we 'll get any response . Why ? All life signs indicate live body functions . Alive but minimal . They could be sick . Or it could be a trap , maybe a bomb planted inside capable of blowing us apart . There is no bomb ! The defusing team say the ship is clean . Has anyone tried to tell those inside that we 're here ? Yes , there was no response . - But they 're alive ? - Yes , but barely . Gentlemen , there is no need for all this conjecture . Let 's go in . Dr Wilker , one centon , please . Could we be upsetting a critical balance by entering this ship ... violating the seals ? We penetrated the hull with a probe and took samplings of the gases in the atmosphere . - And ? - Almost zero atmosphere . - Zero ? - Traces of oxygen , carbon dioxide . But nothing that could sustain life as we know it . Yet six life forms on this ship live , even if barely . What happens ... if we enter the decontamination chamber attached to the ship ? Would we be killing those inside if they 're used to zero atmosphere ? Commander , nothing human could survive in that ship . Well , then , this is it . It 's incredible . - By the grace of God . - Oh , my Lord . Bless their hearts . Look at them . Some of them are babies . Just children . Doctor , are they alive ? They are alive . You sure ? They don 't look like they 're breathing . Their metabolism has been lowered to sustain life . - They 're conserving fuel . - Precisely . How long could they have been like this ? Perhaps a long , long time . Yeah , well , we 've got to do something to try and bring them out of it . Starbuck , done improperly , - that could terminate their lives . - Why ? Because we haven 't the slightest idea of how this equipment functions . To tamper with a life-support system which has kept them in this state for a yahren or 100 yahren could mean termination . You mean we finally find humans who are possibly from Earth and we 've got to leave them in these tubes ? Lieutenant , Dr Salik is a physician . I am a scientist . We 'll have no trouble comprehending how their technology works . I 'll pick one chamber and run tests on it . You mean use them as human testing drones ? And if you short out his life-support system , too bad , you just move on to the next child ? Adama , if you 'll forgive me , I believe you people have served your purpose . The rest is in our hands . It 's not a military matter any more . Commander , we do need some room to work . Very well . But understand one thing , Doctors . Who these people are and where they were going when we intercepted them may be crucial to our survival . I want no chances taken with their lives . Commander , bringing them here at all may have been fatal . By now , I 'm sure that most of you are aware that something special has happened . We 've found people from Earth . Please use your question indicator before addressing the class . - I 'm sorry , Athena . - You 're excused . Now , I 'm sure you realise that what happens throughout this day is liable to affect us for the rest of our lives . We 're all a trifle nervous . Yes , Loma ? If people are inside that ship , why aren 't they coming out ? We can 't allow it right now . Their craft has to be decontaminated . Who knows what that means ? Yes , Boxey . We have to kill any sick bugs that may be on their ship . Very good . We aren 't talking about things that are large enough for us to see . When we were all thrown together on this fleet for the first time , some of us had troubles , didn 't we ? My parents got sick from the liquids and food . Yes . We aren 't saying that there 's anything wrong with these liquids but that they contained bacterial strains which some of us from the outer Colonies had to get used to . Their bodies had to do what ? Class ? - Adjust . - Very good , you remembered . If you 'll all look at your monitors , you can read the key phrase for today 's lesson . " The human life form " can adapt to many varied environments and foods . " The key thing in remembering adapting is time . It takes time to adjust . My dad said that it could be possible for those people to kill us before we knew what hit us - if they carry the wrong bugs . - Your father said that to you ? Not exactly . He was arguing with Starbuck . Children , if you 'll just continue to read the text on your monitors , I 'll be right back . Boxey , come with me , please . Let 's go try and find your father , Boxey . Apollo . Hey , Boxey , how you doing ? Are you trying to frighten the children of the Galactica ? What ? I 'm trying to reassure the children that what 's happened is good . Boxey heard you telling Starbuck this event could kill us all . What I said was that we and the people in that ship share the same risk . - Either could be dangerous to the other . - We 've decontaminated that ship . On the outside , yes . Even if we do kill off any bacteria that could hurt us , what about all the other things in our air that we take for granted ? Any one of them could be lethal for the people inside that ship . I told you . Boxey . Then what am I supposed to tell these children who 've been promised a normal existence once we find Earth ? Tell them the truth - that hopefully this is a giant step forward . That could send us plunging down a cliff . If you 'd like , I 'll talk to your class later when we know more . - All right . - Yeah , I 'll see you . You 're gonna get it . Come on , Boxey . Let 's go back to class . Do you realise that nothing we have on the Galactica seems to correlate with their symbols or systems ? - They 're human . - Yes . The ship flies , it draws energy . It has to make sense . We 're just going to have to start taking some chances . Apollo , you look like you just lost your first love . - They 're not getting anywhere . - Give them some time . - They may not have any time , Athena . - Whoa . You sound as though there 's some choice . - There is . - What do you mean ? You found a ship drifting in space with living beings inside . We 're doing everything we can for them . - We aren 't leaving them alone . - Leaving them alone ? Is that what we do to the first humans we encounter from another civilisation ? We 've encountered other humans . Not since we left range of our home planets . Everyone we 've encountered up till now , every colony or outpost , are drifters or pioneers who set out from our home planets . - Terms , dress , technology , all familiar . - So what are you saying ? That if even a few of the humans we 've run across were descendants from the lost 13th tribe , they were stragglers , left behind . Now , here on this ship for the first time , we 've actually found human life forms from a technologically advanced civilisation . - That 's been the whole point of the voyage . - Boomer 's right . That 's why we 've risked our lives staying on this tin can instead of stopping at one of the planets we 've passed - that could 've supported life . - It is not why we haven 't stopped . We 've never stopped because we 've never been strong enough ! - We 've been a hunted people . - No , not for some time . Look , let 's lighten it up a little . You may be our best warrior but you see everything in absolutes . We win , we don 't . We find Earth , we don 't . A girl says yes , she says no . The quality of a civilisation is determined by the values between these extremes . Apollo , you 're being a little too hard on Starbuck . If anybody 's interested in my vote , I 'm with Starbuck . I say go in there , open those boxes and start interrogating those people . All our lives depend on what they know . Reese ... stay out of this or I 'll stick that mug down your throat . Look , I 'm not suggesting we do something that could hurt those kids . - I was just trying to ... - Reese ! I can handle my own philosophical battles . Suit yourself , but I 'm not the only one that feels like this . Sooner or later the fleet 's gonna stop letting those old boys tinker around and demand that we open the cases . If they 're human , they breathe fresh air ! Which is what I think I 'm gonna get . It 's always stuffy around you two . - Hey , Reese ! - Hey , hey , hey . We came in here to relax , not to fight . Besides , aren 't you getting confused ? I 'm the hot-headed , impulsive one . I may be confused but I still find it hard to sacrifice one life , even to save thousands . I 'm sorry but I can 't let you pass . The bay 's off limits . Young man , half of these people are on the Council of the 12 . We want to make an on-site inspection . It is our right . You need authorisation from Commander Adama . You haven 't heard the end of this ... Lieutenant . - How long has this been going on ? - It 's getting out of hand . We have to put on more security . Security reports to the Council . We 'll use warriors responsible to my father . Then put out a general alert . Representatives are landing on the Galactica from every ship in the fleet . - They want to see the Earthlings . - We don 't know they 're from Earth yet . - What happened ? - Must 've shorted out a line . - What are the instruments doing ? - There was a large drop . You hit the nerve of their life-support system . - At least we 're getting closer . - Closer ? You could have shorted out the entire ship . We can 't go on like this . We do not know what we are doing . We could terminate them all . - What happened ? - Captain , please don 't interfere . What 's going on ? Well , we found out that the gas used in the system is ... stored in liquid form . It is regenerated and recycled in some way to do with these circuits . Dr Salik , you don 't look so optimistic . - The system 's slowly losing power . - Losing power ? Why ? When we probe the circuits we occasionally short out lines , draining off energy . - What ? - Nothing critical . I can solve the technology of this system in time . And just how much time do we have ? How far is it to Earth ? Or how far have they come ? Or how much farther was this system intended to support their frail lives ? - Discontinue your work at once . - Captain , you don 't have the authority ... I 'm ordering you out of this ship . - Stay and monitor the instruments . - But I don 't know ... Apprise me of any change . I 'll be with my father . Come with me . Don 't you worry , I wouldn 't miss this for anything . You are in a lot of trouble . Apollo , you took a lot on yourself . - There wasn 't time for a vote . - All I needed was more time . You see , the operational manual is an integral part of the bridge instrumentation . I 've determined that the atmosphere of the planet these people came from is approximately one-fifth the atmosphere of Caprica . Also , there are references to another planet called Terra ... - Wait a second . - Yes , sir . Terra ? Terra in Gemonese means Earth . That doesn 't mean this is the Earth we 're looking for . And what difference does it make ? We 've illegally seized an alien ship on an unknown course . - Illegally seized ? - What do you call taking a ship out of flight and tampering with it until its resources begin to dwindle ? - Are they dwindling ? - A slight power loss is to be expected . - We don 't know ... - What we 're doing ! Please be civil . Dr Wilker is trying to help . Look , I know that . But we can 't put the lives of those six people in his hands or anybody else 's . - What do you suggest ? - We let them go . - Let them go ? - Put them back on their course . And lose any chance of communicating with them ? Enter . - Adama , I ... - Please , please . According to Dr Salik , those two adults and four children may expire before this time cycle is over . All the more reason to break the seals and try to revive them . Please . One more opinion is the last thing we need . Mine isn 't the only opinion . Representatives are coming aboard the Galactica from every ship . - They 're furious with your inaction . - Furious at my inaction ? What right have I to pass sentence on those children ? Quite right , Adama . No , no , I agree . Our people judge you far too harshly . Why don 't we take a vote of the Council and lift this burden from you ? You mean , they haven 't already decided ? Apollo , you will be responsible for the security of that ship . And Geller , why don 't you call the Council into session immediately ? Whatever you wish , Adama . " Whatever you wish , Adama . " There 's kids on the spaceship ! Kids just like us ! - Only from another world . - Boxey , return to your seat as well as the others , or stay for an additional period . And you , young man , will stay anyway for returning late from meal period . I wanted to see the kids . Are they really just like us ? They look like us but they don 't move . Children , what Boxey is trying to explain is that these space voyagers are in a state of suspension . What does that mean ? It means that in order to travel great distances between planets , they couldn 't carry enough life-supporting gases . Who knows what is the most important gas , which we need to breathe to live ? - Boxey . - Oxygen . Very good . Do I still have to stay for an extra learning period ? - Yes . - Oh , frack . We want to go in there ! Please , stay back . Don 't crowd in here . Stay back , please . Don 't crowd in here . Stay back . Give us some room . - You have no right to keep us out ! - What 's the matter with all of you ? - The makings of a mob . - Anything new inside ? Nothing encouraging . I 'm on my way to see Adama now . You are to allow no one , and I mean no one , aboard that ship . We 'll contain them until the orders arrive . What orders ? The Council 's voting to terminate their life-support and let those poor people out . You can 't let them do that . We have no idea what levels of resuscitation they require . Don 't worry , no one 's getting by us , but you tell Adama what 's happening and hurry . In the meantime , until we hear from the Commander , we 're in charge here . And until we receive orders from the Council to the contrary , we are in charge . Now , look , you golmonging snitrag , this is a military bay . You and your men have jurisdiction over civilian personnel only . Aren 't the people on that ship civilians ? Well , now , we don 't really know that , do we ? Maybe they 're mercenaries , come here to mow us all down . Two adults and four mercenary children . That is an imposing threat . Take your positions . One more step , black-shirt , and you 'll be flatter on your back than those Earthlings . Sarah ? Sarah ? Are we there yet ? Michael , what 's wrong ? - Not the children ? - No . They 're fine . It 's just that we 're not ... where we 're supposed to be . Sarah , I want you to watch the children . For some reason , our systems are growing low . I 'll be right back . - I 'm going with you . - No , Sarah , you must stay . If their systems fail , open the children 's cocoon , give them oxygen . How long will that last ? Please , don 't ask me any more questions . I 'll be right back . OK ? It has been decided , as the support systems are failing anyway , to remove the humans from their ship immediately . But we cannot do that . You 've all heard what Dr Salik said . - It could kill them . - We shall be as prudent as possible . Begin with the oldest member amongst the space voyagers . He will make the best psychological adjustment . Council members , I cannot be responsible ... You 're not responsible . We are . Are you ? Have you the right to order a doctor to carry out a Council order ... when it conflicts with every medical ethic and moral instinct of his conscience ? You have your orders . And you , sir , have a problem with finding another doctor . - Adama , talk to him . - Oh , I plan to . Excellent . I plan on telling him that he has given me one of the proudest moments of my life . Something marvellous has happened here . Please ... do not let it pass unnoticed . Would you mind telling me what all that means ? Dr Salik has just reaffirmed that we are a race worth saving . The Council has voted . We 're bringing them out . - I don 't believe it . - It 's true . - Dr Salik wouldn 't sell out . - Not Salik . They 're getting a couple of med techs from the Rising Star . Now that it 's official , Starbuck , Apollo , step aside . Stand aside for the doctors . They have work to do . Don 't move any closer . I said don 't come any closer . Welcome to the Galactica . - If you 'll just stand aside ... - Stay back , Reese . Stay out of this , Apollo , I 'm in charge here . We mean you no harm . We just want to come aboard and help . Hold it ! Get those people under control . - Is he ... ? - He 's alive . Who are you ? Why have you brought us here ? - We 're brothers . - No ! Your markings are not ours . Where are we ? Is this one of our abandoned lunar posts ? You 're onboard a ship . What ship ? A ship this large ? What do you take me for ... a backwards fool ? Tell them to stay back ! You 're contaminating me . You 're killing me ... and you 're killing the children . What 's happening ? Don 't touch him . Don 't touch him ! We 've decontaminated the ship but not the people inside the support chambers . - Our bacteria . - It 's not contamination . He can 't breathe . It 's the atmosphere density . Quickly , get him to a decompression chamber and then the three of you go to decontamination immediately . - Let 's go . - Cassie ... lower his pressure to one-fifth of our atmospheric pressure . - Where are you going ? - To check the others . Commander . Please , please don 't hurt them . They 're only babies . Our atmospheric pressure is greater than wherever they come from and it was literally crushing them alive . But they appear human . We are adaptable . They may be from a planet where the air grew thinner over millenniums . Or ours grew heavier . Either way , they 're not compatible with our environment . Remove them from these decompression chambers and they will die . What a pity . What a great , great pity . To have come so close , perhaps even to the very humans whose tribe we 've been seeking . Perhaps there is some way to sustain them until they can talk to us . - No ! - No ? With the lives of our fleet so dependent on their answers ? Can Earth support us ? Is it sufficiently advanced to help us ward off our enemies ? Can it protect itself from a Cylon invasion ? We can 't let them go . I 'm sorry , but the lives of those six people do not belong to us . We must let them continue on their journey . Apollo , there 's no telling how long they 've been in flight or whether they will reach their destination . Dr Salik said the power to their life-support systems was almost depleted , which could mean they were close . Apollo , that 's possible , but what if they 're not ? It 's a chance we have to take . I believe this family is being directed to some planet unknown to us , where we might find the answers we desperately need . That 's why I think Starbuck and I should escort them . If you were to reach this planet to which this ship is destined , as you say ... what then ? Their physiology is so incompatible with ours . Yes , they cannot withstand the weight of our pressurisation , true . But we 've spent short terms in environments with lower pressure . Where they 're going , I believe we could survive for the short term . Dr Salik ? I will not reiterate the conversation we 've been having . Obviously , you 've been conspiring , to put it kindly . 'I merely expressed the facts to Apollo . ' Then let me understand you clearly . These children cannot survive unless they can go to wherever their ship has been directed . 'Unless you want to imprison them in depressurised canisters . ' Thank you , Doctor . The Council won 't approve letting them go . - We 've no time for political debate . - Wait . Now , listen , all of you . Suppose this were not a political situation . - Suppose it were a military situation . - Commander ... That 's right . These little beggars are the worst things we 've seen since the Cylons . - That 's right . - What ? They gunned down a security guard in front of my eyes . He 's OK , it was a stunning device . Starbuck , they are children . I don 't think you 're getting into the spirit of the conversations . If it 's dangerous , it 's military . Naturally , being military and dangerous , it must be reported to the Council . Naturally . We will remove the fleet from any immediate danger by placing the hostile spaceship back on its course . Lord help us . Apollo , you can 't fool any reasonable person with this . These aren 't reasonable people . They 're bureauticians . 'Adama , the fleet is in a complete panic . 'These so-called children fired on our security guards . 'The Council wants to know what you plan to do . ' Extraordinary measures are being taken even as we speak , Sire Geller . 'I should think so . 'We are not at all pleased with the way you 've handled the situation . 'We want answers and we want them fast . ' You heard him . Your plan won 't work unless we move quickly . Before their spaceship exhausts the fuel that she has left . Yes , it must be quickly . Go . Go with my blessings and the blessings of the Lords of Kobol . Safe journey . - Any change ? - No change . We 've managed to stabilise the pressure but we can only hope that there 's no permanent damage . Did you hear what the Council voted yet ? It condemns them to spending the rest of their lives in these chambers . - If they live at all . - Apollo . - All clear ? - Is what all clear ? - Starbuck ... - Buddy , this is no time to be subtle . Subtle about what ? We 're taking your patients . You 're not serious . Starbuck , do you know what they can do to you ? Have to catch us first . - Dr Salik , you 've got to stop them . - Don 't look at me . I 'm with them . In fact , I 'm going to help monitor the equipment . No , you 're too essential here . Someone needs to monitor that equipment . - We could use some help on that ship . - You 're asking me to mutiny . Mutiny , that 's a very harsh word . Think of it as an act of mercy , Cassie . What Starbuck and Apollo are about to do is the only chance these people have of surviving . - You sure you 're all right ? - I 'm all right . - There are guards all over the place . - Times like these test our mettle . You made a career out of risking yours . Doctor , if you 're gonna help , lead the way . We 're all med techs . Let 's go . Keep moving . - Hold it ! - I 'll take care of them . - What 'll you tell them ? - I 'll tell you after I think of it . Wouldn 't interfere with orders from the Council ? Where are you taking that chamber ? The ruling just came . The children are to be taken off the ship . Then you 've lost . I don 't lose as long as those people remain alive . Keep those people out the way . Time is critical . We 've got to transfer those children into the portable chambers as quickly as possible . Do you need any help making the transfer ? You 're much more valuable here with Reese . Make sure he 's able to control the crowd away from the ship . - My men won 't have any trouble . - Good . Then I 'll get back and help Dr Salik . - He sure changed sides in a hurry . - Yes . I 'm disappointed in him . I thought he had more guts . Orders are orders . Some people understand that . If their suspension units won 't work , we 'll leave them in ours . You 'd better find a way to make their units work . If we don 't get back off with those two chambers , those guards won 't let us out . Apollo , I think we found some help . Who are you ? What do you want with us ? We 're here to help you . Help me ? My God , don 't you know what you 've done to us ? We know . We want to put you back on course . - Sarah . - We just placed her back in her chamber . Do you know how to make the unit work ? Who are you ? Are you with the Eastern Alliance ? What is this Alliance ? How can you not know about the Alliance ? Who are you ? What is all this ? You 're from a planet called Terra , is that right ? My people are . I , Sarah , and the children were born on Lunar Seven . That 's where we were escaping from . But you know that or else you wouldn 't have stopped us . No , we stopped you because we didn 't know any better . We hoped you could help us . I 'm Starbuck , that 's Apollo , Dr Salik and Cassiopeia . - We 're on your side . - I would like to believe that but this is just the sort of cruel game the Alliance would play . - It 's not a game . We 'll help you . - How ? Where were you bound for when we intercepted you ? I won 't tell you . What 's your name ? What are you called on Lunar Seven ? - Michael . - Michael . We want to put you back on course . My ship knows its course ! All you have to do is put it in space . It 's pre-programmed ! - We 'll do that if you 'll help us . - Who are you ? - People from another world . - What ? A shattered world . We 're refugees . We 're searching for a way to protect our people . - How much do you think I can believe ? - It 's all true . One more thing . Do you know the course back to Lunar Seven ? No . We are never going back there . Somebody must know , maybe on the planet you were heading for . Look , whoever you are , you don 't want to go to Lunar Seven . The Destroyers will annihilate you before you get there . - Apollo , we have to get out of here fast . - I know . I 'm responsible for pulling you into our ship . I want to correct that . But if we don 't get you out in a few centons , you 'll never make it . - Centons ? - Trust us or we 'll have to keep you here . - Are you well enough to fly this bird ? - He could go into compression any time . It 's the only way for us to escape . Wait a minute ! This is all happening too fast . Why do you want to help me escape ? If you 're not from the Eastern Alliance ... Doctor , we 're running out of time . I 'd like to keep him in the chamber till the last centon . It could be the only way . We 'll offload one chamber and say we 're sending for more . - Good idea . - You act like you enjoy this intrigue . I 'm scared to death . Michael , please , we must get you back in your decompression chamber . I don 't know who you are but it sounds to me like we have a lot in common . We 're all human . Boomer , Jolly . If he can spare you , we need help getting two more chambers . - We don 't need your help . - Thanks . OK , I give up . What 's going on ? - We 're taking that ship out of here . - Holy ... That 's right . When that ship fires up , you two are gonna see that security doesn 't try to stop her . - Who 's in it ? - Michael and Cassie . - Who ? - We don 't have time to explain . Jolly , put another chamber next to this one . Then wait for all Hades to break loose - when you hear those engines fire . - Got it . What about you two ? - We 're flying escort . - I hope you know what you 're doing . We 're gonna learn what we came to learn . We 're one step closer to Earth . - Here 's Jolly . - ' Blue Leader , we 're ready . ' Stand by . This is it , you 've gotta fly us out of here . - I feel fine . Are you going with us ? - He 's gonna cover your escape . I 'm Lieutenant Boomer . Get your ship out fast . - It 'll be hard to keep ' em back . - Thanks . Good luck , Michael . Good luck , Cassiopeia . What 's going on ? Move ! I have to get these children to the life station . - Who fired the engine ? - Orders . We 're to jettison her to avoid further contamination , right ? All right . I don 't know what you 're up to but I 've had all I 'm gonna take . Step aside ! You 're endangering the lives of these children . Surely not even you 're that cruel . Jolly , you forgot the kids ! Halt ! In the name of the Council , I order you to stop ! Don 't fire into that ship ! You 'll take out the whole landing bay . You are in trouble , Officer . - Who 's in charge here ? - I am , sir . What 's this about ? Where 's that ship gone ? It was decided that , to avoid any chance of contamination , that it be jettisoned . Who decided that ? Do you realise the opportunities for learning that were on that ship ? Absolutely , Sire Geller . It 's an appalling situation . Very well , then get it back ! Get it back ! Boomer , have Starbuck and Apollo take after that ship and bring it back - immediately , if they can . Starbuck and Apollo ? Do we have to have them ? They 're already in the bay ready to launch on a routine patrol . - It 's our only chance . - Very well . Give the orders . - Dr Salik ? - Yes ? - What are you doing here ? - Me ? I thought you 'd be at the life station monitoring the humans . You overruled me on the case . I 'm no longer in charge . Don 't you remember ? - I 'd better see to the launch . - You 'll excuse us . If he 's not on the case , what 's he doing here ? What are those chambers doing in the bay ? What is going on here ? We 'll take sleep periods to conserve strength . There 's no telling how far off their destination is . - Set your breathers to conserve . - But I 'm too excited to be sleepy . - This trip could be endless . - Meaning none of us may make it ? Remind me to invite you to my next party . You 're a lot of fun . Going into sleep mode . The ships have been gone for almost a secton now and still no word . The Council has asked me to appear before them for an inquiry . 'Paradeen Control Centre to Lunar Shuttle Avion . 'We have you on visual . Do you read ? ' 'Lunar Avion responding . We have you on visual . 'All systems are operative and in stand-by mode . ' 'Excellent , Lunar Avion . You are 20 hours behind our ETA . - ' What is your support status ? ' - ' We are within tolerances to rendezvous . ' Apollo , am I hearing voices or am I still in sleep period ? No , I 'm hearing them . My scanner says at least one is coming from the shuttle . We 're approaching that land mass at a dangerous clip . Cassiopeia ? Cassiopeia , do you read me ? Yes . Yes , Starbuck , I do . The portable receiver you placed here works fine . But who on your ship is talking ? I haven 't the slightest idea . It 's just me and all these instruments . Have they altered since departure ? No , but they 're ... What are you doing up ? You shouldn 't be up . Yes , it 's all right . The ship has begun to adjust to the pressure on Paradeen . - Captain Apollo ? - Michael ? Yes . I 'm fine now . The ship is proceeding in on automatic . The voices are computers from the former base we had here . Follow us down , you 'll be safe . - What former base ? - There 's nothing left on Paradeen except Sarah 's father and a place for the children . Why are you telling me now ? We 'll have time to talk on the surface . I wanted to be honest with you . We will destroy the homing transmitter as soon as we 're down . We have to . It 's to protect us . You 're going to destroy the coordinates back to Lunar Seven ? 'I have no choice , Captain Apollo . They could be following us . ' 'Cassiopeia , stop him ! Don 't let him touch anything . ' There 's nothing you can do , Cassiopeia . It 's all being done down on Paradeen . I 'll be saving your lives as well as ours . - From whom ? - The Eastern Alliance . - Commandant ? - Yes , Krebbs ? The craft which escaped from Lunar Seven a month ago . Yes , Destroyer Two reported the incident . Nothing more than some children , a farmer , a young girl . - Has the ship entered our zone ? - I 'm not certain . My readout matches the Lunar Seven ship . - How far away ? - 20,000 kilometres , heading for Paradeen . Too far away to go to any bother over children . We 'll stop off when we complete our patrol circuit . Sir , there 's more than one ship . - More than one ? But the report ... - You 'd better see the screen , sir . - Can you identify them ? - I have never seen flying craft like it . - We cannot compute their power function . - What do you mean ? They aren 't using power familiar to the computer . But this is impossible . Whatever you do , Krebbs , do not lose contact with those ships . Sir . Lanceman , replot a course for the planet Paradeen . Commandant , we are due on Lunar Nine in three days . - I said Paradeen . Star speed . - Star speed ? - Star speed and battle-ready . - Yes , sir . I 'm Vector and this is my son . Hector . Father , I thought we were expecting small children . Now do you see , you half-witted fugitive from the plastic factory ? You have misprogrammed their slumber chambers . - Oh ? - They 've all grown up . This one must be little Walker . And this one , with the big long hair , must be Charity . Oh , what a great big beautiful girl . Father , I know you had to build me with scraps you had on hand but even I can tell this is not a female of the species . - Thanks . - By Jove , you 're right ! - Who are these people ? - Vector . Since when do androids carry weapons ? Oh , don 't be alarmed , Master Michael . Sarah 's father armed us when the hostilities broke out . - Hostilities ? - They 're over now . However , we ought to get back to the ranch soon . Father is correct . The temperature drops at night and we know how fragile you humans are . Is the ranch where we 'll find my father ? - Yes , Miss Sarah . - I 'll get the children . This place , Paradeen . Whose colony is it exactly ? Terra 's of course . But who are you not to know that ? Be civil , Hector , or I 'll break you back down into spare parts ! Father , we must be careful . Our programming did not cover guests , if that 's what they are . For once you are correct , Hector . But we 'll sort this all out back at the ranch . This is your new home . - Do I get my own room ? - Me too ? - And me ? - Kids , be patient . Find out what Sarah 's father has prepared for us . Oh , Miss Sarah ! It 's a nice dwelling . Did Sarah 's father build it ? Well , he started it but my father and I finished it . - Michael ! - Yes . I can 't find my father . Surely he knew we were coming . Hector , why didn 't Sarah 's father meet us here ? Father . - He-He couldn 't be here . - Why not ? Michael . - Well ... - Go ahead , Vector , explain yourself . Well , maybe it will be easier if I show you . No ! Daddy ! It 's your fault ! You , my father , all of you ! You 're so drunk with your sciences ! What do we get for it , death ? More death ? Oh , Daddy . An unfortunate circumstance . But actually , Master Michael , I 'm sure that we can provide for Sarah and her children a very good life . - A little lonely maybe . - Hush up , Hector . He 's sore because I didn 't build him any brothers and sisters . A girl is what I really want . If I had parts for a woman , I 'd build one for myself . Hmph ! Well , let 's get into the house before the humans freeze . Hey , kids . Melanie , come here . Where is Sarah ? I apologise . They 've been under for so long they 'll be awake all night . They need the exercise . It 's time we got down to serious business . Wait . Nothing serious ... until we 've given you our coming-home present . It belonged to Sarah 's father . It was his pride and joy - rescued from the glory days of Terra . Oh , it contains the most beautiful artists in all of Terra . And when you see them ... No ! I 'm sorry , but we 've purposefully kept the children from seeing the sights of Terra . But they 're wonderful . Father promised me one day I might go there . Hector , Vector , thank you . I know you meant well but the children can never go there . Pressurisation ? Another of science 's great mistakes . Sarah ... I think it 's time you stop blaming technology for man 's sins . It 's obvious that it 's not the tools , it 's what we did with them . Except for sending families to faraway planets to grow food , not realising children born there can never come home . Your systems had an atmospheric pressure one-fifth that of Terra ? Exactly . Even Sarah and I were born on Lunar Seven and can 't go home , although I haven 't sheltered my child from Terra as she has with her children . Her children ? I thought you and Sarah were ... No . You see , the oldest girl is my daughter . The rest are hers . My husband was a farmer before he was killed . I would never marry a technocrat . Can we see some pictures of Terra ? - I said no . - Oh ... - Please , it 's so beautiful . - Sarah ! Every night when Hector and your father and myself finished building this house , your father would take us inside and show us a song and a dance that they used to do at the Royal Theatre on Terra . Now , if we were to perform that for you , with the music only and no picture , would that be all right ? - I suppose so . - Ah . Ladies and gentlemen , Hector and I will now perform the selfsame dance that was performed at the Royal Theatre on Terra ... or a reasonable facsimile . Come on . Sit down . OK ... right . ° We 're farmland inspectors , we 're homestead protectors ° We see that things run here much betterer ° Betterer ! ° If you think he looks bunk it 's because he is junk ° I 'm made up from spare parts and et cetera ° He 's old and he 's crusty , his brain is so rusty ° He 's often been caught in the rain ° Though my voice is quite squeaky and he calls my joints creaky ° I love the dear lad just the same ° OK . Time for bed . - Time for bed . - Do we have to ? Promise to go to bed if I tell you a story first ? Yeah ! Let me tell you about the time I was surrounded by Cylons . What 's a Cylon ? Cylons behind me ... No question , all three ships have landed on Paradeen . Commandant ! The homing signal from Paradeen has stopped . How long will it take a communiqué to reach Terra ? At least two months , sir . And if we use the Lunar Seven relay station ? I 'm afraid it was knocked out by sabotage . Those incompetents on Destroyer Two ! Can 't they maintain order on a defunct planet ? It 's not going to happen on Paradeen . Hector , Vector , thank you . Not just for the song and the dance , but for preparing this home for us . And most importantly , destroying that homing device so we can live here safely . Oh , my goodness . In all the excitement , we let you down . What ? We didn 't get a chance to destroy the homing device as you ordered . Oh , Vector . That could very well be the end of us all . If there are Destroyers in our area , they could home in on us . I waited at the control centre for hours but you never came . Oh , Vector . Our ship was delayed by these people . Hector , I want you to go straight to the control centre and destroy that homing device ! Hold it . You can 't do that . We saw you safely to your destination , now you must help us find Lunar Seven . Lunar Seven ? Is he out of his mind ? He must be . Who would want to go there ? Hector , carry out Master Michael 's order . Destroy the homing device . Thanks for nothing . You just traded six lives for 6,000 . Apollo , we should explain the facts of life to one another . Whatever harm you think I 've done your people , you 're wrong . It would be dangerous on Terra or Lunar Seven . The sooner you warn your people about the Eastern Alliance the better . Would you explain this Eastern Alliance ? It 's time we told each other everything , see where we go from there . Terra was a planet of many nations . But finally it came down to two sides - East and West . A struggle for food and resources and the military might to take whatever they wanted . - And the West lost ? - No , the war continues . But the East has been destroying our satellite planets . The planets that we 've established to feed our people . Estimated time of arrival on Paradeen ? In six hours but at this rate we are burning fuel so rapidly ... Thank you . Continue at this rate until further notice . How are you , sweetheart ? - Good morning . - Morning . You 're up early . The children were anxious to get outside . I thought I 'd keep them quiet so you two could rest . Well , I believe it 's going to take more than rest . You see , her father was all Sarah had . He was quite a man . As you can see from what he 's built . - It 's beautiful here . - Yes . But what kind of life is it going to be for the children ? Sarah and I here alone on a strange planet . - How will we survive alone ? - Don 't forget Hector and Vector . It seems they did most of this themselves . It 's incredible . - There 's a lot worth living for here . - Let 's hope so . - Where 's your friends ? - Out exploring the surrounding area . There 's a lot to learn about this place and about the culture on Terra that built it . Apollo , forget about Terra . I told you , it 's no place to take your people . Michael , in our language Terra 's a word sometimes used by an ancient race to refer to Earth . Have you ever heard Terra called Earth ? Yes , but it 's also a term used to refer to the soil , other planets with similar environments . It 's a common belief with us that we all stem from the same tree . - Good morning . - May I speak with you alone ? - Excuse me . - Certainly . I want you to stay on with us . I 'd like to . But my people are searching for Earth . It could mean the difference between life and death for us . Apollo , you can 't leave me alone here . You have Michael and the children . It 's Michael I don 't want to be left alone with . I don 't love him . We were forced together out of necessity . My father needed help hiding us on Lunar Seven while I made preparations here . In return , he was going to make room for Michael and his daughter . Well , it sounds as if Michael has lived up to his end of the bargain . The bargain wasn 't my idea . I don 't know what my father had in mind . But there 's only one house . There , you see ? You don 't even have a place for me . I might be willing to make certain allowances . You don 't even know me . I could be the worst scavenger in the universe , or a spy , or a saboteur , who knows ? I know you well enough to know I like you . And I like you . But , Sarah , I ... Even if it weren 't for the mission , I don 't ... I don 't love you . At least not yet . But in time you could . I 've seen the way you 've looked at me . If you just give me half a chance ... What are we talking about ? This is impossible . I gotta leave here and soon . And if you aren 't able to ? What 's that supposed to mean ? You don 't know about the Alliance . You don 't know what you 're heading into and how well off you could be here , with me . Apollo ! - You won 't believe it . We 're in business ! - Starbuck . Sit down . Take it easy . Take it easy . Nice and slow . You 're forgetting how thin the air is . Cassie , some air ! I saw this whole city , Apollo . I mean big , modern . It 's beautiful . Did everybody who landed on Lunar Seven also have delusions ? - Not like this . - Wait , delusions ? What delusions ? Get that felgercarb out of my face . No , he 's not having any delusions . - About the city , I mean . - A huge city here ? You said this was just a remote farming community . I don 't know . Look , you have to understand . We 've been under an oppressive government . Information from one outpost to the other is always discouraged . The less people knew , the less they were discontent . It 's really very simple . The people were destroyed . The buildings weren 't . They 're as good as new . Neutron or bacterial weaponry ? Nice . Destroy the food producers and leave the hardware for after they win the war . Then they are planning to come back . Who says they 'll win ? You 've never seen a battlestar before . Starbuck , you 'd have to be pretty powerful to beat the Alliance . We 're not so bad . So far you haven 't got anything as advanced as our stuff . But we can 't help them unless we get some tangible information back to the fleet . This city , if it was left intact , must have records , things we could use to plot this area of the universe . Sarah , where are you going ? This is good news ! I don 't understand women . Apollo , what did she say to you ? I , uh ... I think she 's just having a hard time making the adjustment . See how much trouble I spared you , not making a woman for you ? - You said you didn 't have the parts . - We 'll talk later . I believe Apollo would like to explore the city . Starbuck , I want you to go back with Hector and find a library or a scientific centre that we can use to find Lunar Seven . - What are you gonna do ? - Go back to the ships and warn Galactica about this Alliance . If there 's Destroyers here , they 'd better know . Right . Come on , Hector . You want to come too ? - I 'm dying to . - No . - Why ? - I need you . I 'll explain later . - Shove off . - Now , just one minute ... Oh ! Vector , I want to show you something . You see that barrel ? Oh ! Good heavens ! No more stopping us from getting all the information we need - to save our people , OK ? - Erm , Master Michael ? It 's all right , Vector . After what you told me , I won 't interfere with you or your people any more . - I don 't have the right . - Thank you . - All right , take off . - Hit it , Hector . No , no , no , drive . - Once around the planet . - OK . Vector , I want you to take Apollo to his flying machine . Master Michael , whatever you say . - Can I go with you ? - And me ! - And me and Walker ? - Kids , kids ... It 's their new home . It was too dark to see last night . - Jump on the hovercraft . - Yes ! I feel about as useful as a meteor storm . What 's going on ? I want you to stay close to Michael . - You don 't trust him ? - I 'll explain it later . Just spend a lot of time with him . Really get close . - If you think it 's important . - Believe me , it 's important . All right , now , hold on tight . OK , ready . All right , kids , settle down . - Have fun , kids . - Hang on . - Apollo 's quite a guy . - Uh-huh . - Are you two , er ... ? - Oh , no . I 'm completely available . Come to think of it , I 've got an excuse to spend a little bit of time with you . - Oh ? What 's that ? - I 'm a medical technician . I want to hear everything you know about Terra 's medical technology . Well , I 'll be happy to tell you all I can . But let 's not do it up at the house . Sarah goes crazy when she hears scientific talk . Why don 't we talk in the barn while I feed the animals ? OK . It was beautiful , once upon a time . - Still is . - With all the children laughing and playing . The music , the science ... It was as fine as any city on Terra . So I 'm told . I don 't believe this . The waste of it all . Why can 't man get along with man ? That , Hector , is the question . I know . I have asked it ... many times . My father has tried to explain it to me but I guess I am a little slow . You two make quite a pair , you and your father . For androids patterned in man 's image , I 'm not so sure you didn 't get the best end of the deal . I consider that a compliment . - I 've never understood it . - What , Starbuck ? We can provide just about everything to give our brothers a good life . You humans are very resourceful . I believe you can do anything you set out to do , in all the stars . Then why don 't we ? You ask me ? On Terra , I doubt if I 'd be given a licence to operate . I am just a collage of ... spare parts . Well , I could use a few just like you . What would you do with us ? Oh , well ... I don 't know . - Probably put you on the Council of the 12 . - Ah . Start a world that reacts to logic instead of passion , greed , jealousy . - That makes sense . - Yeah . Well , you can disregard it . Whatever 's logical and in the interest of all mankind , we 'll do exactly the opposite . - Listen , Vector ... - Hector . Oh , sorry . Is there anyplace else that we haven 't looked yet ? - Not that you could get to . - What do you mean by that ? There were archives - vaults where special data was stored . That 's what we want . Let 's go ! No , it 's deep beneath the city . The air - I believe the death and decay has rendered it unbreathable . We came to find records . Now , let 's go . Wait , Starbuck ! You must take it slow . Hector ! - We have the planet Paradeen on visual . - Very good . - Land away from the three ships here . - Yes , sir . - There 's somebody down at our ships . - The Morelands . They live over the hill . I thought this planet was deserted . Oh no , there are still a few farmers left who lived beyond the city when the Eastern Alliance destroyed Paradeen . They don 't live well but they 're alive . They shouldn 't be fooling with our ships . Let 's go . Mr Moreland , look here . Have you ever seen the likes ? There 's no question about it , the Alliance are back . - What do we do now ? - It may be too late to do anything . Vector , where 'd you learn to drive ? Kids , get down out of sight in case there 's trouble . - You the Morelands ? - Well , who wants to know ? I mean you no harm but I 'd like you to climb down off that ship . - You don 't look like the Alliance . - I 'm not . Those duds don 't look West-like . What 's left ? - They 're from Galac ... - We 're from Lunar Seven . We escaped to bring a family here to Paradeen . How 'd you get by the federal garrison there ? It has been eliminated . The Eastern Alliance now patrols this area with their Destroyers . I know all about Destroyers . They can spot the flight of a gnat across a million star miles . Or unwelcome settlers on a forbidden outpost . Why don 't we tell them to go , Josh ? For their own good . My wife is telling you the truth . You 'd better go before you bring them here . These people have no place else to go . Their father came to prepare a place for his children . Children ? Not here ? My God , no . Doyle , take her to the wagon . I don 't know who you are but if you 're not gone by nightfall , you 'll be sorry you ever set foot on this soil . Are all your neighbours like that ? You can 't blame them for being terrified . The Alliance could return . Children , don 't do that now . Children , don 't ! Be careful ! Todd , don 't you touch anything ! Already been touched . - What do you mean ? - It 's broken into a million bits . What ? We 're finished . Apollo , are you all right ? - Our ships have been destroyed . - Has the Alliance landed ? No , just a crude job of shattering all our instruments . - Your neighbour the Morelands . - I didn 't know we had neighbours . We spotted them as we pulled up , had a few heated words . We 'll have to deal with them for bashing our ships around . - How do you know they did it ? - They were on the ships . - Who else could have done it ? - Getting even won 't help . If the ships can 't fly , we 're stuck . But if they 'd do that , who knows what they 'll do to Sarah and Michael and the children ? We have to tell them not to harm these people . " These people " include you now if your ships are damaged beyond repair . I don 't know for sure . Maybe we can salvage parts , get a communicator working . Where 's Starbuck ? - Hector , where 's Starbuck ? - There 's been a dreadful mistake . - What are you talking about ? - The archives . Hector , you didn 't take Starbuck down there ? These people have barely enough oxygen to survive and in those subterranean tunnels he wouldn 't last for 15 minutes ! - He didn 't . - You left him in there ? Why didn 't you carry him out ? Never mind that . Just take us to him . Starbuck wouldn 't leave . He sent me for the portable oxygen . I couldn 't find my way back to him . There 's a maze down there . I grew more and more confused . Finally , I found an exit . - I went for help . - You did right . - For an imbecile . - You made me . - Don 't remind me . - Stop bickering and let 's go . - Cassie , get the other oxygen . - What 's the matter ? - Starbuck got lost and needs oxygen . - I 'm going with you . No . Watch over Sarah and the children . No telling when those Morelands may come . They made some bad threats . Don 't worry about the Morelands . They didn 't damage your ships . - What ? - I did it . Sarah , what in the name of God for ? I wanted Apollo to stay . I thought he could survive here . Michael , I 've been terrified of committing myself to you and to others . Everybody I 've ever loved has been killed one by one . My father , my mother , my husband . - I 'm sorry . - Sarah ... You had absolutely no right to try to force somebody to stay here . Especially Apollo . If it weren 't for this man , we 'd all be dead ! I have five times the breathing capacity you do on this planet . I 'm going . At least she told the truth . All stations , scan for life forms . In the city , sir ? In the hinterlands . Everyone in the city was destroyed . The survivors fear that the invisible death that annihilated them lingers on . They hide like animals and eke out their miserable existence on farms , utilising practically worthless soil . Two life form clusters reporting . - Very good . Where are they ? - Not far apart . Three forms here . Five in this area . Three ships , five people . That 's where we begin the search . There 's the first set of chambers . - Anything look familiar , Hector ? - They all look familiar . Oh , swell . We 'll have to split up . Cassie , Michael and Hector go that way . You have your breathing tanks and communicator ? We 'll check in every few centons . Apollo , what is a centon ? Mom , it took guts to tell them what you did . Thank you , baby . Where are you going ? We 're going to put the blankets on the horses , if that 's all right with you . Mom , can Baby Walker come down to help with us too ? I don 't think so . Walker 's got to go to bed . When you come back we 'll put on that song . - The one my father loved . - Yeah ! And we 'll see how the Royal Dancers really did it on Terra . - Yeah ! - That 's great . - Thanks , Mom . - Come on , let 's go . What 's that noise ? All ship 's personnel , stand by to land . - Look , there are strange men with guns . - Mama ! We should help but we 're not big enough . It 's too far to the city . Vector said the neighbours ' house was over the hill . - Let 's sneak out the back way . - Come on . You are from Lunar Seven . Your presence presents no threat to our Alliance . Then what do you want ? To find out about the ships that accompanied you . - I don 't know anything about them . - Please . You have children to protect . Let us not waste time on deception . I 'm sure you wish no harm to come to them . Children , run ! Check outside for the children . Starbuck ? Starbuck ? - Where 's Starbuck ? This is a maze . - Cassie , anything ? Nothing so far , Apollo . These chambers are endless . Yes , indeed they are . There 's only one person alive who knows his way around . Why didn 't you say so ? Who is he ? He used to be custodian down here . You met him today . His name is Doyle . He 's hired out to the Morelands . - Great . - You 're right . I don 't think he 'd be too sympathetic to our cause . Starbuck ! Starbu ... - Apollo ? - Yeah , Cassie . We 're hearing a tapping . It seems to be coming from all directions . The echo is terrible in here . Stay where you are . We 'll backtrack towards you . The tapping 's growing fainter but there seem to be two directions to go . If you keep going , we 'll all get lost . Let us find you . Then we can divide again . OK , we 'll wait for you . Well , at least it 's some ... thing . Are you all right ? I 'm just trying to conserve air . - You don 't know how lucky you are . - Well , I may not suffocate , but I could rust myself to death . We may all get lost down here . These chambers go on forever and ever and ever ! You 're a lot of laughs . Hector ! Hector . Please don 't shut us out . The Eastern people will kill our parents ! What 's going on here ? You better leave . If I ever see you here again ... Please , please . Please don 't send them away . Aggie , what are you saying ? You know that you can 't take it . Please , go back in the house . This house has been without children for too long . We can 't bring our own back and we can 't turn these poor little things out into the night . Come on . Starbuck . Oxygen ! We 're in time . His vitals are responding . If it takes us as long to get out as it did to get in ... It took us one hour to get in . It should take us one hour to get out - or more . If we don 't get out of here quick ... Apollo ! - Stand back or I 'll fire ! - We 're here to help . - How 'd you know we were here ? - The children . They also told us that the enforcers from the Eastern Alliance are on Paradeen . - They have your missus . - What ? - Do you know a fast way out ? - It 'll take 10 minutes . Come on , they need help . Hurry up , let 's go ! The flame is intoxicating , isn 't it ? We have our sides - yours , mine . I mean your children no harm but you would serve them better if you 'd tell me where everyone is . They will have to return sooner or later . How many children did you kill when you bombed this planet ? I did not bomb this planet . I understand every child was in the city in school when the end came . - Not a single child left alive . - Yes . - Well , it is war , isn 't it ? - Yes , it is . And you will lose . See what that noise is about . Uh-uh-uh ... - Our children , are they all right ? - They 're fine . - They 're with Mrs Moreland . - Oh , thank God . - You said " our children " ? - Did I ? Thanks for all you 've done . If you 're ever in the neighbourhood ... Well , maybe someday . We 'll make sure these guys don 't bother you any more . One small victory does not win a war . But have we got a surprise for you when we get you to our home . Yeah . You might even want to switch sides . We are the most advanced military force in the galaxy . Oh , I believe it . That 's what 's so encouraging . Very good . - Goodbye , thank you . - You 're welcome . Well , we 'll make a life of our own in this valley now . And by golly , we and some neighbours you haven 't met are really gonna help . - Thank you . - Don 't forget us . Yes , as we used to say on Terra , " The beginning of a new day is the beginning of a new life . " About two degrees right here . - Wouldn 't you say , Apollo ? - Sounds about right . Commandant , we 're heading toward something bigger than anything I 've seen . My God ... what is it ? It 's called a battlestar . Now , then , er ... you were telling us about this invincible Alliance of yours ? 'Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny , 'the last battlestar , Galactica , 'leads a ragtag fugitive fleet 'on a lonely quest ... 'a shining planet 'known as Earth . '
