 'There are those who believe 'that life here began out there , 'far across the universe , 'with tribes of humans 'who may have been the forefathers of the Egyptians 'or the Toltecs or the Mayans , 'that they may have been the architects of the great pyramids , 'or the lost civilizations of Lemuria 'or Atlantis . 'Some believe that there may yet be brothers of man 'who even now fight to survive 'somewhere beyond the heavens . ' Noble delegates , you 're anxious to go back to your ships before our rendezvous with the Cylons but I think it appropriate to toast the most significant event in the history of mankind . I would like to raise my chalice to you , not merely as the Quorum of 12 , representing the 12 Colonies of man , but as my friends , the greatest leaders ever assembled . As we approach the seventh millennium of time , the human race at last will find peace , thanks to you . To peace . Starbuck , what are you going to say ? Zac , calm down . Why are you so nervous ? He sees me as his little brother . You 're acting like one . It 's a routine patrol . - Why is it so important to you ? - Because it is . I 'm a warrior . I want to prove that to him . This may not be the best time . It 's a peace envoy ! What trouble could there be ? - That 's not the point . - Starbuck , you promised . I know . What are you doing ? We 're going on patrol . - Er ... - He can 't make it . Starbuck 's not well . Oh ? Yeah , well , it 's ... erm ... Well , that 's kind of short notice , erm , with everybody not wanting to go on this patrol . They want to celebrate the armistice . Yes , Zac , you have a suggestion ? I 've studied the coordinates from here to the Cylon capital . - My ship 's ready to go ! - That 's lucky . Isn 't it , Starbuck ? Yeah , that 's a real stroke of luck . I guess you 're just gonna have to pull Starbuck 's patrol with me . Wow ! - Were we ever like that ? - I can 't remember that far back . Listen , maybe I ought to go . No , he 'll be fine . It 's not as if we 're at war , right ? See you later . - Take care of the stomach . - Yeah , I will . Section 12 , launch bay Alpha , stand by to launch fighter probe . Acknowledge input . Recorded and functioning . 'Coordinates transferred . - ' Acknowledge . ' - Acknowledged . Ready to launch . Core systems transferring control to probe craft . Launch when ready . - It 's so different out here . - This is nothing . When the war is over , we may get back to deep exploration . That 's the challenge . Let 's take a look at Lianus Vector . Baltar , my friend , this armistice conference would not have been possible without your tireless work . You have secured for yourself a place in the history books . That the Cylons chose me as their liaison to the Quorum of the 12 was an act of Providence , not skill . I see the party is not a huge success with all my children . What awaits us out there troubles me . Surely you don 't cling to your suspicions about the Cylons ? They asked for this armistice . - They want peace . - Forgive me , Mr President , but they hate us with every fibre of their existence . We love freedom . We love independence ... to feel , to question , to resist oppression . To them , it 's an alien way of existing they will never accept . But they have , through Baltar . They have sued for peace . Yes . Of course , you 're right . Apollo , two targets on my scanner above the moon Cimtar . It could be a storm . We 'll be coming through it . Hold positions and cover me while I take a look . Well , look at that . What is it ? I 'll tell you in a flash . Warbook says a Cylon tanker . Scanner reads it 's empty . Apollo , I have a funny feeling . Well , we came to look . There 's the other ship tucked in nice and neat . I wonder what she 's doing ? - She 's jamming us . - ' Warbook says she 's a freighter . ' If she 's jamming us , she 's hiding something . I 'm going round her . Nothing but a harmless mist . Not heavy at all . I don 't see why they 'd send up all that electronic jamming . - Let 's get out of here . - Why ? 'I 'll explain later . ' Colonial viper in quadrant . Intercepting . I see what you mean . It 's an ambush . Enough firepower to destroy the entire fleet . We won 't make it , giving them our backs . - How many of them can you make out ? - Four . At three , hit your reverse thrusters and maximum braking flaps . We 'll give them a little surprise . One , two , three . Turbos , full forward thrust . Now . Right here , you creeps . Hey , not bad , little brother . You go after the guys on the right . - Yahoo ! - Apollo , I 'll get this one . 'Zac , look out ! Behind you ! ' 'He 's right on my tail ! ' 'Hang on , I 'm coming . ' - Steady ... - ' Hurry , Apollo ! ' Steady ... Nice shooting but they hit my high engine . 'That 's OK , we got ' em . 'Those guys need a ten to one margin ... ' Apollo , better look at your scanner . - But 1,000 to one , that 's not fair . - ' What 's it mean ? ' There won 't be any peace ... there may not be much of anything if we don 't warn the fleet . Do it . I won 't be able to keep up with you . - Zac , I 'm not going to leave you . - ' You have to . ' I 'll make it back . Now go on - you 've got to warn the fleet . I 'll be all right . You can fly with me any time , little brother . Good luck . 'This is Commander Adama returning from Atlantia . ' - Request permission to land . - ' Granted . ' - Something 's wrong . - What is it ? I don 't know . They just put the ship on alert . 'Atlantia , this is Galactica . Request assistance ... ' - What is it ? - Our patrol had trouble . Signals are being jammed . It could be smugglers or pirates or ... Get me the President , please . Mr President , our patrol is under attack , we don 't know by whom . As a precaution I would like to launch intercept fighters . I think that 's highly inadvisable in view of the delicacy of our situation . Quite right , Baltar . Commander , as a precaution I insist upon restraint . 'If this turns out to be an encounter with some outlaws , 'we could jeopardise the peace by displaying fighters - ' so close to our rendezvous . ' - Mr President , two of my fighters are under attack . 'By forces unknown . 'Do not launch until the situation is more clear . ' Sir , I at least urge you to bring the fleet to alert ? 'I will consider that . Thank you , Commander . ' - He 'll consider it ? He 'll consider it ? - It 's all right . I 'm sorry , Commander , it 's just that ... - Well ... - Well , what ? The patrol is under the command of Captain Apollo . If I can 't have confidence in my first-born son , whom can I depend upon ? Commander , Zac is with him . It 's his first patrol . Thank you . Come on , give me all you got . Still no word from our fighters . They 're being jammed . - If we don 't launch ... - We cannot launch . It 's been forbidden . However ... this might be a good time for battle stations drill . - Sound the alert , Colonel . - Yes , sir . You may never see another one , fellas . A perfect pyramid . Unless there 's a better hand , the pot 's mine . Wait , wait ! Come here , wait ! Come back ! Duty calls ! Let 's go ! Sir , our scanner shows a large number of ships headed this way at high speed . - A single craft is approaching . - Get that pilot here . - Get me the President . - Yes , sir . - What 's going on ? - Don 't worry . Probably an aerial salute for the President . Sure ruined a good card game . - ' Commander ? ' - Mr President , a wall of unidentified craft is closing in . Possibly a Cylon welcoming committee . Sir , may I suggest we launch a welcoming committee of our own ? There remain many hostile feelings amongst our warriors . The likelihood of an unfortunate incident with all those pilots in the sky ... Commander ? Sir , did Baltar suggest that we sit here defenceless ? My friend , we are on a peace mission . The first peace Man has known in a thousand years . Stand by to attack . Come on , baby , not much further . Blue Flight Two , in trouble ! Emergency approach . - Mr President ! - Commander ... our patrol is under attack from the approaching force . Mr President , your welcoming committee is firing at us ! 'Baltar ? We made it . 'Patrol to fleet , I need help ! ' 'What was that ? ' That was my son , Mr President . No ! Oh , my God ... Positive shield , now ! Launch fighters ! - All batteries commence fire ! - All fire , control stations . 'Launch all remaining vipers . - Sir , they 're off . - Fighters launched , sir . Did the other ships launch their fighters ? Negative , sir . Lord help us . 'Engineering reports hits on starboard engine . ' Cylons . I had to leave Zac , he 's disabled . - I have to go back . - No . Father , I didn 't know what to do ! He doesn 't stand a chance ! 'Atlantia to all battlestars ... ' Zac ? His ship was destroyed just short of the fleet . 'Transferring target data . ' 'Reduce speed to maintain position with Atlantia . ' Boomer , there 's a pair on your tail . Pull up ! I 'll get him off . Nice shooting ! We have to know how many base ships we 're dealing with . - No base ships . - You 're mistaken . Fighters can 't go this far from Cylon , they don 't carry enough fuel . - Just fighters . Maybe a thousand . - How do you account for that , Apollo ? I don 't know . We picked up an empty tanker on our scanner . I guess the Cylons used it to refuel after flying there from where their base ships are . Why operate without base ships when it isn 't necessary ? They would 've been well out of our range at the old moon . Unless it was necessary ... for them to be somewhere else . Get me the President ! Starbuck , it 's dangerous here ! Mr President , I request permission to leave the fleet . I suspect our home planets may face imminent attack . - Maintain contact ! - ' .. fires out of ... Request ... ' 'How could I have been so completely wrong ? 'I have led the entire human race to ruin . ' Mr President ? Group 3 , Vectors 1-7 and 2-8 . Arm and attack Atlantia . - I got him on the left . - I got him on the right . 'The main attack is on the President 's ship . ' Atlantia Death Squadron , attack . Negative shield , now ! Back to your posts , now ! Oh , my God . Commander , long-range scanners have picked up Cylon base ships ... at grids 0-3-5 , 1-2-6 and 2-5-8 . Within striking range of the planets Virgon , Sagitara and ... Yes , and Caprica . By your command . Speak , Centurion . All base ships are now in range to attack the Colonies . The final annihilation of the life form known as Man . Let the attack begin . Helm , bring us around . We 're withdrawing . Flank speed for home . Long-range scanner picks up wave after wave of ships headed towards all inner planets . Hey , Boomer , where 's she going ? 'Don 't ask me . The Commander calls the shots . ' Hey , guys , Galactica 's pulling out . There 's got to be a good reason . Electronic jamming has stopped . They 're clearing the air for their electronic guidance systems . So the attack is under way . No , sir , we 're picking up video signals . Everything looks normal at home . We have a civil broadcast transmission coming up shortly . Perhaps we 're in time , Commander ? Preparations continue through the night here at the Caprica Presidium . We can see at the moment it is somewhat deserted . But with the new dawn , it will be full of Capricans coming here , eagerly and joyfully , to usher in a new era - the era of peace . So far , details of the armistice meeting , going on at this very moment on the star Kobol , are not coming in as we had hoped for . 'It seems that this is due to unusual electrical interferences 'which are blocking out all interstellar communications . ' However , as soon as they are available , we will be showing you the first pictures of something described as the most significant event in history . Oh , my God ! It 's a tremendous explosion ! Are we getting this on camera ? People are running everywhere . Ladies and gentlemen , this is terrible . They 're bombing the city . Boxey ! No ! Boxey ! Miss , the building 's going to topple ! Everybody , run for cover ! Run ! Run ! Hurry , find cover ! Get out of here ! Stay down here ! No ! No ! - My daggit ! Where is he ? - He 's fine . It 's going to be all right . ' .. on the southern peninsula . '31 cities are known to be under heavy attack . ' 'Red 1-3-niner , we 're on fire . Emergency , fire in Red 1-3 . ' 'The water supply is cut off . ' 'A second wave is coming in . We have no defences ! ' 'Is this channel operative ? ' Oh , Zac ... and all the others ! They trusted us to protect them and we ... Oh , God . There really wasn 't any choice . Commander , Cylon base ships on long-range scanner , launching to all outer planets . No hope , Commander . What about Sagitara ? The planet 's in flames , Commander . Have my shuttlecraft prepared , please . Shuttlecraft ? I 'm going down on the surface of Caprica . You can 't . If the Cylon scanners pick you up ... You will continue to rendezvous with the survivors of the fleet . I 'll take you in my fighter . You 're the last Council member . If we run into a Cylon ship , you 'll have a chance . I insist on that , Commander . Very well . Transferring control to probe craft . Launch when ready . Ships are coming in on both decks , sir . - What 's the count ? - 67 fighters in all , sir . 25 of our own . - How many battlestars ? - None . What ? We 're the only surviving battlestar . My God . Red Leader One in trouble . Repeat , in trouble . Red Leader , how can we assist you ? I 'm damaged . Power control circuits shot away on my landing gear . Starbuck , what 's your condition ? This is no time for trainees , Athena . I 'm in real trouble . You will be if you keep talking like that . How 's your fuel ? - Dry . - ' All right . Run the check with me . ' Alpha circuit , alternate to left servo circuit . Alpha circuit alternating to left servo circuit . No response . My throttles are still full open . Omega C circuit . Alternate the servo support circuit . Alternating to servo support circuit . Does not respond . Bring him in full throttle . There 's no choice . I heard him . Get everyone out of the way , I 'm coming in hot . You 're cleared to land . I hope you aren 't counting off for neatness . He 's coming in like a missile . Stay back ! He could lose it . I told you to stay back ! Starbuck ! Get out ! The ship might blow any minute ! - Are you all right ? - Fine , no thanks to your father . - Here . Give it a good wash for me . - Out of the way . Blow that out ! What are you saying ? Do you realise what we 've been through ? You didn 't see how we spent our day . We single-handedly beat the Cylons while you went on a cruise ! Don 't you realise what 's happened ? ! I realise what happened . You should see this baby when it takes off . Beautiful sight , unless it happens to be your base ship ! Starbuck , listen to me ! The Colonies are gone . - All of them . - What are you talking about , gone ? I 'm sorry , Ila . I was never there when it mattered . Never . Women . This way . There 's food somewhere . I 'm hungry . Father ? There are crowds coming . They probably saw our ship land . I was just ... g-gathering a few things here . - This likeness of you and Zac ... - Father , we can 't stay . Maybe Mother wasn 't here . No . No , she was here . She was here . Where were they ? Where were they ? ! Where are the rest of you fancy fliers ? Where were you when they killed the rest of us ? - What were you doing , boy ? - Wait ! Let him talk ! I want to know where you were as well . All of you . We waited . We watched and prayed and you never came . Most of us are dead . - The fleet is all but destroyed . - But you 're here . From the Battlestar Galactica . - It survived ? - Yes . What of the President and the Council of 12 and all the other Colonies ? All destroyed . - Commander Adama . - Yes , Serina . It 's true then . We 're defeated , doomed . Can I ride in your ship , sir ? Fighter planes aren 't for little boys . They 're going to have to be if we 're going to survive . - We must fight back . - Yes , we are going to fight back . But not here , not now , not in the Colonies . Not even in this star system . Send word to every man , woman and child who survived this holocaust . Tell them to set sail at once in every assorted vehicle that will carry them . 'And the word went forth to every outpost of humanity , 'and they came - the Aries , 'the Gemons , the Virgos , 'the Scorpios , the Pisceans and the Sagittarians . 'In all , 220 ships , representing every colony , 'colour and creed in the star system . 'The human race might have one more chance 'but first it would have to survive 'the alliance , the elements ... 'and the unknown sinister threats that would lie ahead . ' Their destruction is complete . Our forces have taken prisoners near the spacedrome . They tell of survivors who escaped in ships . What ships ? How far can they go ? If a handful of survivors did escape , they would have neither fuel nor food for a long voyage . The information is not complete . It is offered in exchange for life . And what is the standing order for humans ? - Extermination . - Then carry out your orders . If they exist ... they 're doomed . We gather here as representatives of each ship in our fleet to answer that single question ... where will we go ? Our recorded history tells us that we descended from a mother civilisation , a race that went out into space to establish colonies . Those of us here assembled now represent the only known surviving Colonies . Save one , a sister world , far out in the universe , remembered to us only through ancient writings . It is my intention to seek out that remaining colony , that last outpost of humanity in the whole universe . Commander Adama ? This 13th colony , this other world , where is it and what is it called ? I wish I could tell you that I know precisely where it is but I can 't . However , I do know that it lies beyond our star system , in a galaxy very much like our own , on a planet called ... Earth . Earth ? Anybody here ? - Starbuck . - Oh . I 've been looking for you . I came to apologise for how I treated you . It 's just ... I 'd seen so many of the guys from my squadron ... .. burned up . I - I guess I was looking to take it out on somebody . I wish it hadn 't been you . It wasn 't important , Starbuck . I don 't know what is . Look , I 'm sorry about ... Zac and your mother . Starbuck , you don 't have to say anything . - Zac pulled my patrol . - He wanted to go . Yeah . Athena , this is a time for sticking together . Maybe we could talk about , er ... things . Us , you mean ? Well , I ... guess it is a little overdue . Starbuck , I don 't know . I don 't think any of us have any kind of future any more . Don 't say that . Things are going to be all right . Look , if we can handle what we 've just been through , we can handle anything . Later , maybe , when things aren 't so fresh in my mind . Athena , I ... I said I was sorry . Starbuck , I don 't want to care about anybody ... but especially you . Zac couldn 't wait to get out there , get all shot up . And you , you 're worse than Zac . I think of it ... as an obligation . No , you don 't . You like to pretend they 're dragging you by your bootstraps but ... you really can 't wait to get up there in that machine of yours . Well , I ... I guess we ... see things differently . I guess we do . I said what I came to say . 'This is Alpha Shuttle . 'Fleet damage and supply survey . Please prepare to receive . ' Look at it this way , Boomer , it isn 't the worst duty in the fleet . I hear they 're sending some guys from Beta section crawling around an old skybus looking for a solium leak . Wonder how they missed us for that ? Excuse me , but ... - What are you looking for ? ! - Solium leaks . - Bye . - Halt ! Apollo ! Captain , that stuff is dangerous . These old ships shouldn 't even be flying . There wasn 't much choice , was there ? How many people did we leave behind for lack of ships ? Unless you want a permanent duty here , you 'll help survey every ship for damage or I might be tempted to loan you to Beta company . Keep it up , old buddy . You 're going to get us into real trouble . Ten thousand light years from nowhere , our planet destroyed - and I 'll get us in trouble ? - All I 'm saying ... - What is the matter with you ? I tell you , you may as well live for today . We might not have many left . Apollo ? Yeah , I see it . - Where 's the food ? - Everything 's gonna be taken care of . And water ? We haven 't had water in two days . We 'll have food and water ... But you promised us water ! Can 't you bring us some water ? A little bit ? We just need a little bit of water ! Where 's the food ? We haven 't heard from anyone in two days ! Please . Please , tell us what 's going on . - Have we been left behind ? - No , you haven 't . Be patient . You will be attended to . Be patient . Just be glad you 're alive . - It 's Gemonese . - Can anyone help ? Does anyone understand Gemonese ? - Her husband is feverish . - What 's wrong with your arm ? - Others are in greater need than I. - Get her out of here . She should be jettisoned with the dead . No place for refuse here . Feed her to the daggits ! Dirty socialator . You starve us while the bureauticians luxuriate in their private sanctuaries . - No one is in luxury , I promise you that . - No , you 're lying . I saw it with my own eyes aboard the Rising Star , before I was cast out and put here among the Borays of humanity . Core Control is aware of the problem . - So food and water is on the way ? - They 're " aware " of the problem . What are you saying ? There 's something you 're not telling us . Relief is on the way , you have my word as a warrior . Your word as a warrior ? 'I can 't fault them for resenting us . 'They have to blame someone . ' Core Command , Alpha Shuttle asking for clarification on food dispersal . Core Command . No information available at this time . " Not available " ? I just left a ship filled with starving people . - ' What 's going on ? ' - I 'm sorry , Core Command has no information available at this time . Commander , this is Colonel Tigh . It 's starting . Something 's wrong . What did they tell you when you called ? The same thing they told you , a vague acknowledgment of the problem . Boomer , I 'm getting an awful uneasy feeling . Why don 't you just give me your name , OK ? It 's all right . My name is Cassiopeia . Cassiopeia . It 's beautiful . It means fairy queen , doesn 't it ? - I think so . - Designation ? I 'm designated a socialator . It 's an honourable profession , it 's had the blessings of the elders for 4,000 years . I didn 't say anything . I was just curious about all that excitement on the barge . That woman ... That woman is a member of the Otori Sect amongst the Gemonese . They don 't believe in physical contact between genders except when sanctified by the priest during high worship of the sun storm , which comes once only every seven years . No wonder those buggers are such good card players . This is Alpha Shuttle . Rendezvousing with Starliner Rising Star . Then on to Galactica with patients for life station . What are you up to ? If you don 't mind my asking , sir . Seeing what 's at the bottom of this conspiracy . 'Rising Star , 'this is Sigma Shuttle on fleet damage and supply survey . ' Contaminated ? Weren 't the provisions checked ? Yes , but not for Pluton poisoning . Pluton breaks down food . All this is worthless ? We don 't know yet . Jolly , go through every container . Some may have been shielded enough to be saved . It isn 't looking good . Salvage anything you can . Even small scraps will help . What do we do with the rest of it ? Jettison it . Keep a lid on the problem . If people find out we haven 't any food , we 'll have a mutiny . Flight Leader Serpentine , by your command . Report , Centurion , on the final assault . On each of the 12 planets a similar story is told of a handful of ships who escaped destruction to rendezvous with a warship . - What kind of warship ? - The Battlestar Galactica . Then go and seek out Baltar . Tell him I 'm displeased . Tell him I 've offered a choice - deliver the Battlestar Galactica or deliver his head . Captain ! - Yes ? - I heard that you 'd come aboard . May I borrow you for a moment ? We 're on an important survey for the Commander . It won 't take very long . Boomer , go up to elite class and see if there 's any problems . You won 't like what you find . I 'll be along presently . It 's my son . He hasn 't moved in two days . He lost his daggit which meant everything to him . I thought you could help . I don 't know what I can do . He seemed to spark a little when you picked him up on Caprica . I got the feeling that you were good with children . I grew up with a kid brother . - Where is he ? - There . Excuse me , I 'm looking for young men to be fighter pilots . Your name is ? - Boxey . - Boxey . OK . You 're at the top of my list . I 've been looking for you . You should have contacted the Commander . We need pilots . I 'm too little to be a pilot . Right now . But how long do you think it takes to become a full warrior ? I don 't know . You have to start when you 're small or you won 't get these until you have grey hair . - You like them ? - I want Muffit . There 's not much room for a daggit in a fighter plane . He 's gone . He ran away . Oh . Well , erm ... maybe we can find one of Muffit 's friends . I asked . There are no daggits . I 'll tell you what ... as a Colonial warrior first level , you can have the first daggit that comes along , OK ? But only on the condition that you get your rest , close your eyes , eat all your primaries , and stop chasing girls . Thank you . I was right , you are good with kids . You and your brother must be very close . - We were . - Oh , I 'm sorry . If you 'd rather not be involved ... Don 't be silly - what 's a warrior to do after he 's lost the big one ? Win a few of the little ones . That 's not a little one in there , Captain . No . - This is private accommodation ... - Just step aside ... .. secured by Sire Uri and his party . I 'm being paid by Trans Stellar 's ... Now . - What 's going on , Boomer ? - Oh , nothing . Just the fella here didn 't seem to want to let us into the club area . Thank you . Thank you . I trust you have an explanation for this intrusion ? Would you like to make a statement before I arrest you , Sire Uri ? I 'm glad you know my name . You 'll know from where the blade fell . You have about a micron to join me on my shuttle . Then I 'll turn the starving passengers loose and leave you to them . Captain , why don 't you join us in our prayer of gratitude for deliverance ? In case it eluded you , Councillor , 100 people have died since our deliverance from the Cylons . While hunger hasn 't yet taken a life , it 's only a matter of time now . Notify Core Command that we have found stores which we will distribute as far as they go . No , it 's mine ! It belongs to me and my guests . Does your wife feel the same about denying food to others ? - My wife ? - Siress Uri . I don 't see her . Unfortunately she was not in time to make the voyage . My sympathies . I share your bereavement . - Siress Uri was an outstanding woman . - Yes . She would be moved by your mourning . Have Jolly come up and distribute this food . Without being critical , Captain , haven 't you overplayed our hand just a tad ? Sire Uri is a member of the newly elected Council of the 12 . How do you overplay starvation ? How does it feel ? Like it 's never even been broken . The bone 's been fused whole . It 's stronger than before . It 's wonderful . Ooh ! Look , look ! Look at my arm ! You 're waiting to take me back , aren 't you ? Well , it isn 't easy to find a ride around here . I dread returning to that ship . Look , maybe I can check around and see if there 's anyplace else you can go . There are better ships . Would you be doing this if I weren 't a socialator ? Hey , listen , can we forget my little jokes back on the shuttle ? Look , I ... I just want to help you . Really , it 's nothing personal . - Nothing personal ? - No . Absolutely nothing . - Really ? - I swear . OK . OK ! But I think you 're making a terrible deal . Long-range patrol is reporting in . Scanners show no sign of Cylon pursuit . 'All vectors looking good . ' - Commander . - Yes , I heard . That 's ... good news . Apparently we 've escaped . Finding us now is almost impossible - if we don 't make any mistakes . Carillon is too far away . We will never make it because of the food disaster . There is no other destination . Ah , but there is . We can stop here , on Borallus . We know that everything we need is there ... food , fuel and water . And , undoubtedly , a Cylon task force . - It is the most logical place to stop . - Precisely why it 'll be fatal . - Where are you going ? - Possibly fatal . Is it not surely fatal to continue towards Carillon ? There is another way , if I may have a moment of your time ? I support Commander Adama 's rejection of Borallus . Surprising . It is a deathtrap as lethal as the one we left behind and we haven 't the armament to fight . However , there is another approach to Carillon . Instead of using the intended route , which takes us centons out of our way , I suggest we take the direct path , here , through the Nova of Madagon . Not patrolled and a savings of centons in reaching Carillon . Captain , I may not be a military expert , but I do know that the Cylons don 't have to patrol that particular area because they mine it , they lay mines that make passage impossible . It is impossible for cumbersome ships like ours to even attempt to go through that passage . I agree . The fleet could not traverse it unless it had been cleared first . And how would you propose doing that ? I suggest I find one or two volunteers to fly with me ahead of the fleet in fighter craft to blow the minefield apart with torpedoes . - Good idea . - Two volunteers ? Out of the question ! Out of the question ! Brilliant , brilliant . If you must go straight ahead as you insist , Adama , then this is the way . - I say we support the captain . - Good for you , my boy . As grave a plan as it is , it appears to be our only hope . You have the support and the blessing of the Council of the 12 . Thank you . Guess who he 's got in mind to volunteer ? Hey , wait . I 'm getting outta here . Well , just the two fellas I wanted to see . Follow me , gentlemen . See , I told you . Right . What were you doing volunteering for a mission like that ? Sire Uri must be laughing up his sleeve . Is that what 's worrying you - being made to look foolish by Uri ? I 'm sorry but there was no choice . You didn 't have a plan . It was his way or mine . Now he 's got us doing it , turning one against the other . If Uri weren 't such a prima donna I 'd say let him lead ! We must not allow ourselves to be fractioned off . - A single voice is imperative . - But not his ! He 's only interested in himself . I don 't understand how he got elected - you voted for him ! You should have known him back in the renaissance days of Caprica . He was the best . A builder , an architect of dreams ... Now he just sits and decays himself with drink and remembrance . No wonder our world fell apart . Looking back is contagious . Decay and corruption go hand in hand with defeatism and lack of action . Uri moved in because you failed to act , to have alternatives to his plans . I believe it is ... sometimes prudent to steer away from the flames once you 've been badly burnt . And I 'd say you 'd better look around more carefully . You 're nursing wounds while we 're still in the fire . He still won 't eat . I may have something to interest him . Tonight ? Shouldn 't you get some rest ? I 'll sleep better after we solve Boxey 's problem . - That 's a tall order . - I 'm a big boy . OK , Boxey . You 're going to love this , Boxey . As you know , we will soon be landing on various alien planets . It 's important that we be safe . Ordinarily , we 'd use trained daggits to stand watch at night while our warriors slept in their encampments . But we didn 't have any daggits . So we just had to see what we could come up with . We 'll call the first one Muffit ll . Naturally , the first one will have to be very carefully looked after . That 's not Muffit . It 's not even a real daggit . No , but he can learn to be like a real one . He 's very smart . And if you would help us , he can be even smarter . Stop that . We used the image of Boxey you gave us to train the drone to respond to him . I owe you one , Doc . Any time . That 's one I owe you . Call it even . Father ? Father , are you all right ? If anyone can say that he 's all right after what has happened , I 'd recommend them for catharsis treatment . That 's not the warrior I 'm used to . Whatever happened to the joy of living to fight another day ? Ah , yes , the joy of living . You were aboard the Galactica . You didn 't see them down there . Their faces . The old , the young ... Desperate . Begging , screaming for a chance to come aboard , a chance to live . And there I was , like God , passing out priorities as if they were tickets to a lottery . There was one ... one woman with a child in her arms . She tore at my arm as I was boarding the launch to come back . - Father , don 't . - Guard came up . I saw him out of the corner of my eye and tried to stop him . He shoved her away , pushed her . He didn 't see the child . I don 't know what happened to that woman . But , God , I don 't want it any more . Let someone else do it . - Father ? - Take this burden from me .
