 'In part one of Living Legend ... ' How did you survive ? Maintain silence until we land aboard the Battlestar Pegasus . - Pegasus ? - Do you know whose ship that was ? Cain , the greatest military commander that ever lived . He was my idol . A toast to our victory over the Cylons ! Hail ! My old friend , the most we can hope to get from the Cylons is some fuel . - A military victory 's out of the question . - What are you talking about ? I 've had them on their knees in this quadrant - with just one battlestar . With two - ha ! - I 'll finish them ! You met my daughter . Happy birthday , Father . I love you . If I 'd met that young lady I 'd know it . She almost flew you right out of your britches . Like father , like daughter . Did you ever think maybe Sheba wanted to fill that role ? She 's my daughter . I could be your daughter as well . You could be ... but you aren 't . Commander , with respect , Blue Squadron was nowhere near when the tankers blew up ! Nothing personal , Apollo . You and your squadron handled yourselves as well as I 've ever seen . I wouldn 't dream of attacking that Cylon base without you . - We 're taking on the whole base ? - We don 't have any choice . Right now I need you and your tactical wizardry . They used only three ships to wipe out our fleet at Caprica . Surprise was on their side then . This time , it might be on our side . Pull out the Pegasus . I 'll bring it around and squeeze them in-between us . This time , the Galactica hasn 't a chance . Concentrate our fighters on the landing bays . Her warriors won 't be able to refuel , reload , or land . The Galactica is reporting heavy damage to her landing bays . Bring her around 60 degrees . We 're going in . Burn , Galactica . You 're finished , Adama ! - Sir , if I may ... - Not now . What are you babbling about ? It 's impossible . Turn , you fool ! Turn ! He 's coming right for us ! 'And now ... the exciting conclusion of Living Legend . ' Sound the retreat . Return to our base ships . But we have not finished off the Galactica . We 're half out of fuel and those vipers are coming in fresh ! Do it before they blast us out of the stars ! Retreat , squadron , retreat . They 're retreating . Retreat . Commander Cain on the line , Father . Thanks for the assist , Cain . It didn 't look too good for a while . 'It doesn 't look too good now . What 've you got cooking on that bridge ? ' Everything 's under control . But I 'd like to land my fighters on the Pegasus . We need to repair our landing bays . 'My pleasure . I suggest we call a council of war as quickly as possible . 'Those Cylons are in a state of shock but that won 't last long . ' Agreed . We 'll meet in 20 centons in my quarters . 'I 'll be there . ' The Cylons have three base ships confirmed , plus four squadrons from Gamoray . We 'd never survive such a united assault . So . Now is the time to knock out that base on Gamoray . Go on the offensive when we 're so badly outgunned ? Yes . It would take them by surprise . He 's right . They won 't expect us to attack their outer capital with three base ships stalking us . Losing lives in exchange for that base goes against everything I believe in . But we wouldn 't lose any lives . We 'd completely overwhelm Gamoray . Their anti-assault batteries are practically foolproof . Yes . But as you know , Cylons have no independent initiative . Their control circuits are centralised . So if we send in a small team to neutralise their anti-assault batteries , our squadrons can shut down the whole city . Then we go in and keep on fighting until Gamoray is ours . I must say this again . We can 't consider capturing that base . All we can hope to gain from Gamoray is the fuel we need to elude those base ships . As soon as they discover what we 've done , they 'll attack . Our fuel landing teams would be vulnerable . No question about it . Once we secure the fuel base , I propose that we withdraw one battlestar to delay those incoming base ships . A single battlestar to fight off three Cylon base ships ? Not fight off , delay . I 'll give the impression that we 're leaving Gamoray , moving off . I 'll lead them away . You seem to have decided it 's to be the Pegasus that tackles those base ships . The Galactica is still under repair . I 'd like you to meet me in my quarters . What are you worried about ? A repetition of the tanker incident ? That 's precisely what I 'm worried about . Cain , I am a great admirer of your strategic genius . But it 's a history of individual initiative , not teamwork . Nothing would please me more than taking Gamoray and running up our flag . Do you fully comprehend the liability of a military confrontation while protecting 220 unarmed civilian ships ? That 's why I propose to use the Pegasus to divert those base ships away from you . I just don 't want any more surprises . - Then the mission is a go ? - I don 't have a choice , do I ? No . Cain ! Cain . What 's happening ? I heard you 're returning to the Pegasus . - That 's right . - I was hoping we would talk . And I hoped you 'd say that . But now is not the time , Cassie . - I could ride over in your shuttle . - No . - It 'd be safer for you here . - Safer ? - Why ? What are you going to do ? - It 's a mission . Don 't worry . I 'll be all right . I always come back . I love you . Apollo , what are our chances ? We 're walking right into a Cylon city . You really want to know ? That 's what I thought . Of course , any time you want to back out , Boomer ... Uh-uh . We 're all in this together , my friend . Now what 's this ? I checked out a little extra firepower . I 'm afraid we may need it . - Is this where we check in ? - For what ? We 've been assigned to the Galactica ground force . - By whose orders ? - My father 's . We 're the only people here familiar with the target . You 've been there ? No , but we 've been over it many times and since we 'll be making free-flight jumps , it might be nice for you to know where you 're going . Uh , no reflection on your ability but I 'm puzzled at your father risking you on such a ... - One-way mission ? - Ah , ah , ah , ah . No offence , lady , but this kid doesn 't go on one-way missions . - I 'm sorry . I was just being a realist . - Realist ? If we were realists , we 'd all be dead back on Caprica . - Where 's the medtech ? - We 're not taking one . What ? We won 't have time to stop for the wounded . We 've got millicentons to get in and out . OK . It 's my kind of mission - short . I do see what you mean . You 're an optimist . Mm-hm . Would you like to make a little side bet that we come back ? - What 's the side bet ? - Well , uh ... Why don 't we make it something real personal ? Bad idea , Lieutenant . You wouldn 't want me throwing the mission just to avoid the bet . - Starbuck . - Cassiopeia . I have to talk to you . Er ... Well , you picked a great time . We 're getting ready to launch . That 's why I want to talk . I know about the jump . Where are they sending Cain ? I 'm jumping into an inferno and you ask about Cain ? - He isn 't planning on coming back . - Starbuck ? - Let 's move . - Yeah , yeah . I don 't know what you heard about Cain but he 's a survivor , he 'll be back . - If that 's what 's worrying you . - Starbuck . If Cain expected to survive , he 'd have taken me aboard the Pegasus . - What are you saying ? - We 're all in the same fix . - We 'll get through . Let 's go . - No . If he left her off of the ship , he must be planning something crazy . - I have to get back to the Pegasus . - You 're with us . Your father 's orders . He knows nothing about this , it was my idea . - I 'll take her place . - You can 't spot the Cylon base . She can . Where 's your medtech ? I don 't see one . - We don 't have one . - You do now . With support troops like this , who needs Cylons ? Shuttle standing by to launch to Gamoray . Launch . May the Lord be with you . What is the latest intelligence ? It is the consensus of the commanders of the two base ships that we should ask for help from the planet Gamoray . Somehow I find the idea of some base commander on Gamoray taking credit for destroying the Galactica slightly annoying . We did not do quite so well in battle this day . We were taken by surprise , thanks to your so-called intelligence reports . How many squadrons are on Gamoray ? Four complete squadrons , the equivalent of a base ship . In other words , we have the firepower of four base ships at our disposal ? - That is correct . - Prepare for a new attack . Pegasus is under way right behind us . They 're nearing their drop zone . A drop right into the heart of a Cylon capital . How did we ever become so desperate ? That 's it . Let 's go . Sheba , Bojay , we 'll home in on you since you can spot the Cylon base . Anybody ever told me I 'd be jumping into the middle of the Cylon Empire ... It is indeed an auspicious occasion . How often does the Imperious Leader himself come all the way from Cylon ? Attention , attention . His Eminence the Imperious Leader will be with us shortly . His ship has landed at the air dome . These munition bunkers can be a diversion . Should be easy to blow ' em sky-high . - Go ! - Yeah ! Presenting His Eminence , our Imperious Leader . - Where are the others ? - This way . OK , let 's go . - Where 's Bojay ? - We thought he was with you . Halt . - Bojay ! - Sheba ! - Bojay ! - Get out of here ! - This whole place is gonna blow up . - No ! We 've got to knock out those anti-assault batteries , now . Let 's go . Can we do it ? Just the two of us ? We 're gonna have to . OK , let 's go . All right , hold him still . This will hurt but it 'll stop the bleeding . - Can 't you ease the pain ? - If I do , he won 't be able to walk . - OK , come on . - Come on , it 's your only chance . Come on . That 's it . My fellow Cylons , it is indeed a great honour to dedicate this southern centre of Cylon culture to the advance of , and perfection of , the Cylon race . Where is everybody ? With this secure outpost deep in the heart of the Krillian star system , our supremacy is all but assured . - Uh-oh . - What , pray tell , was that ? There go the bunkers . Find out , before I have you scavenged for spare parts . Put me down . I can 't go any more . Aah ! Jeez ! He 's got to stop running . There 's great pressure on the sealed artery . - I 'll stay with him . - No , you 're needed with Apollo . - I 'll watch Bojay . - She 's right . We haven 't much time . Here . I hope you won 't have to use this . Just worry about the Galactica ... and the Pegasus . Let 's go . Sheba ! Let 's go ! Picking up sonic disturbances from the surface of Gamoray . - We 're closing to launch range . - And well within their anti-assault range . - Do we launch ? - Not until the batteries are destroyed . Long-range scanners are picking up an intrusion in our quadrant . Scan for identification . Alert ground-to-air stations and intercept aircraft . - Let 's go . There 's too many of them . - What about the control centre ? - Did you find the control centre ? - We found it all right . There ! We are now within their scanner range . They 'll come after us with or without ground missile support . Launch . Notify the Pegasus . - The Galactica is launching . - At last . Good ! Good ! It 's almost too easy ! Are our ships ready to launch the final assault against the Galactica and Pegasus ? - There is a problem . - I don 't want to hear that . We have them where we want them . Now launch . - But they aren 't where we want them . - What do you mean ? They are over Gamoray . - What ? - Blowing the pogees out of it , if reports coming in are accurate . The fact that Gamoray is being attacked ... is perfect ! It means the Colonial fleet is completely unprotected . Launch a killer force at once . Did you hear me ? I said destroy the fleet ! There 's a special envoy on Gamoray . It is headed by our Imperious Leader , there to dedicate the new base . Imperious Leader is on Gamoray ? I wonder what he 'll think when he finds the base on which he is standing is being destroyed by two ships you had within your grasp only this morning . - This is unbelievable . - We must defend our leader . Yes . Send everything we have to destroy those two battlestars and let not a single ship return until that 's accomplished ! Don 't shoot ! - How 's Bojay ? - He needs to get to the life station . Two shuttles are on the way down . Boomer 's at the landing area . Let 's go . Commander , Captain Apollo reports that the fuel depot is secured . - Oh , good . - We 'll send tankers , recall our fighters . Have the fighters rearmed immediately . The Cylon base ships will throw everything at us . Sheba ! Take him . - Starbuck , see you in a couple of centons . - Wait ! Wait ! If you think I 'll stay here and miss all the fun , you 're crazy . Hey ! Wait . That 's not the Galactica we 're heading for , that 's the Pegasus . - Orders . - From whom ? From me . It 's a medical emergency , Captain , and the Pegasus is nearer . - We 're cleared to land . Shall I go in ? - Go in . Starbuck . I just want you to know that ... um ... it is Bojay I 'm thinking of . - I know . - That doesn 't mean that ... I 've decided . Hey . Hey , I know that too . Everyone 's entitled to a little confusion in their lives . I practically thrive on it . Sir , long-range scanners pick up an unbelievable number of enemy craft . - Prepare coordinates to intercept . - You mean hit and run ? - I mean intercept , go through them . - Through them ? Yes . Straight through their task force to Baltar 's base ship . Yes , sir . And when Baltar figures out that you 're after his hide , he 'll recall his forces attacking Gamoray . It 's a good plan , sir , if it works . My plans always work . What are you doing on the Pegasus ? It was the closest battlestar to return to with the wounded . - How bad was it down there ? - Bojay took a hit but your daughter and Cassiopeia are fine . My daughter and Cassiopeia ? - They were on that mission ? - Like father , like daughter , sir . Anyway , congratulations . Your mission was a big success . They didn 't get one ship off the ground and we didn 't lose anybody . How is Bojay ? That depends upon this plan of yours , sir . The idea was to divert Baltar , not attack him head-on ! Strategy , Captain , strategy . Bojay will be shuttled off to the fleet as soon as we get past Baltar 's task force . Don 't you mean if we get by ? We 're outgunned three to one . We 've got to move out if we 're to intercept Baltar 's ships . If you 're leaving , this is your last chance . The Galactica 's landing bays are damaged , so my squadron is here . I hope you realise how many brave young warriors - might not survive a head-on clash . - I 'll put it to them on a voluntary basis . My men are no different from yours . They think of you as a legend . I do know how to win a battle . Yes . But what about your warriors ? Are you thinking of them when you take on three base ships ? Or are you thinking of history ? " The Legend of Commander Cain " ! You 're out of line , Captain . Full speed ahead , Colonel . I just wanted to remind you that your own daughter will be out there with us . Tell me it isn 't true . Three base ships head-on ? It 's true . - Is he crazy ? - A little . Gives him his advantage . Who 'd think of anything like this but Cain ? Thanks for getting me back alive . You 're quite a lady . He can talk but not too long . I hear we closed them down good . Yeah , we really spoiled their party . I got another one to go to , so I 'll see you as soon as I get back . I wish I could go with you . I promise I 'll tell you all about it . Cassiopeia ... Sheba . Sheba . Sheba , wait . Sheba , wait . I can 't , we 're launching . We have three-to-one odds but you know that . I want you to shuttle Bojay back to the fleet . I 'm sorry , what you plan for my squadron , you plan for me . Look , there 's one more thing ... about that lady , the one that seems to mean so much to you . I watched her save a life today and she risked her own to do it . So what do I know about people ? Oh , I love you , baby . And I want to see you again , so you be careful . You too , Commander . - Cylon force closing . 20 microns . - Launch defence force . Fighters taking up a spearhead in front of the Pegasus . They are heading directly for us . Commence firing . - Starbuck ? - Yo . - So many of them , you can 't miss . - Yeah . But I just lost Bunker and Taggs . Laser fire 's so thick you could walk on it . Our fighters blew a clean corridor through their forces but they 're coming from all sides . Straight ahead ! Full speed ! A report from our task force . One battlestar has been sent out to intercept them . Destroy it , then continue on . - It should take no time at all . - By your command . The Battlestar Pegasus is not stopping to engage us . Impossible . That is why she is here . Pursue and destroy . - Another report . - The lone battlestar is destroyed and our forces are on their way to Gamoray . - Not exactly . - What 's happened ? The Pegasus and her warriors did not engage our fighters . Did not engage ? But that 's ... Oh , of course ... they 're a decoy . They intend to lead our fighters off , make them pursue and burn off fuel , while Gamoray remains under attack . - A very clever plan . - But I see right through it . Break off the attack . Continue our fighters towards Gamoray . We 'll finish off the Galactica and then return for the Pegasus after we 've saved our Imperious Leader . She 's on fire . We 've got to go back and help her out . Cain 's orders were to punch a hole through for the Pegasus . There isn 't going to be a Pegasus . You 're right . Let 's go . - Sheba , are you all right ? - I don 't think so . I 'm pretty badly shot up . I 'm gonna move in front of you now . Just follow me in . We 're boarding the Pegasus . Thanks , Apollo . I just hope the Pegasus is still around when you get there . We can destroy the Pegasus . 'By order of the Imperious Leader through his commander , Baltar , 'you are to disengage at once and move to Gamoray 'to save our Imperious Leader . ' Disengage Pegasus and proceed to Gamoray . - Boomer . - I see it but I don 't understand it . He was right . By all the Lords , he was right again . - Say again ? - Later . Let 's see how bad off the Pegasus is . Fuel loading is almost complete . They should take off within 30 centons . Sir , a large body of incoming ships from Delta Sector . - Unmistakably Cylon . - Cain 's plan didn 't work . We can 't leave the fuel ships there . They aren 't going to be fast , even once they 're launched . Notify ground teams to prepare to launch . How is he ? He 'll live . I 'm not so sure about all the others . Tell me , are you winning ? You make it sound like my own personal war . Sheba ! Baby . I 'm sorry , Father . I missed one . Into chamber four . What happened ? How was she hurt ? Like she said , she missed one . The Cylon didn 't . The Pegasus ? Is the fire under control ? - She 'll be ready to do the job . - Uh , what job ? Whatever she has to do . Is he thinking of doing what I think he is ? Yeah . And you know what bothers me ? - We 're starting to think just like him . - What 's going on here ? Get every one of your wounded into shuttles , and fast . Telemetry coming through is confusing . According to our information , the Pegasus is on a direct course towards the Cylon base ships . He must have changed course when he failed to lead the fighters away . - If he ever attempted to . - But that was the plan . No . No , that was our plan . It was never his . Priority communication . High-scan scrambler . Get me Commander Cain , please . Pegasus coming in on communicator , sir . - ' Yes , Adama ? ' - Cain , what is your present course ? 'You wouldn 't ask if you didn 't already know . ' Yes , I do know , and I want you to reverse course immediately . You 're steering into the Cylon base ships . You 'll kill everyone aboard the Pegasus . 'It 's all been arranged . 'Non-essential personnel are being transferred to the fleet . 'They 'll get there when you 're back from Gamoray . ' - That won 't help your crew . - ' If my plan works , 'those Cylon fighters approaching you will soon turn back . 'Hopefully , there won 't be a base ship left for them to land on . ' Cain , listen to me . You could achieve the same thing if you veer away from those base ships at the last centon . Don 't attempt to take them on . 'No . Those fighters will be able to refuel and go after your fleet . 'No . I 'll get rid of those base ships somehow . ' You realise I can relieve you of your command ? 'Adama , please . Don 't make my last battle an act of mutiny . 'Send me in with your blessing . ' My prayers go with you and all who serve you . 'Thank you , Adama . Thank you . ' If the Pegasus did not head back to the Galactica or across the stars , where is she heading ? Directly towards us , Your Eminence . Towards us ? But that 's absurd . He 's allowing us to destroy the Galactica and the fleet . Who would do such a thing ? May I suggest the legendary Commander Cain ? Yes . Yes , Cain , of course . Cain ! What does he care about the fleet or the Galactica ? He wants ... He wants ... He wants me ! Lucifer , recall our fighters at once ! Sir . The incoming Cylon fleet has turned and is headed back the other way . Cain is attacking all three base ships on his own . That 's exactly what he said he 'd do . Apollo . Starbuck . Good luck . You 're both fine warriors . Between us , we 'll get your people to safety . I know you will . That 's why I 'm trusting you with them . Commander , there are those of us that don 't have a lot of ... attachments . At least I don 't , and I 'd like to see this one through with you to the end . I appreciate your offer , Starbuck , but if I 'm right , Baltar 's fighters are on their way back . And if they run into our shuttles , Apollo will need all the help he can get . What about you ? Without fighters ... They don 't have any fighters right now either . But they do have weaponry . So does the Pegasus . Good luck , sir . Apollo , why do I have the feeling we 'll never see him again ? I don 't know cos I don 't have that feeling . I can 't explain why , because there 's no military way he can survive . But that 's been the story of his whole career . Father , please don 't make me go . I don 't want to leave you . - You must go , sweetheart . - No , I know I 'll be OK . - Take her . The shuttles are ready to go . - I 'll be fine . No ! I 'll see you soon . You 're a very special man , Cain . I 'll never forget you . 'Final countdown to launch . ' Launch shuttles and fighter protection . All ships launched . Range to base ships ? 110 centons . Moving down to 11 centons at full speed . All right , Tolen , let 's get there . We 've got an appointment with a man named Baltar . How long before our fighters can return to defend us ? I 'm afraid the Pegasus will reach us first . Then drop back . Let the other two base ships intercept the Pegasus . I 'm not sure the other commanders will like that . It isn 't a request . It 's an order . Two base stars coming up on range . The third is behind them . Baltar 's ship . Plot a course between those two forward ships . - It 's going to get sticky in there . - Arm all air-to-air missiles and bring electronic defence shields to maximum power . Apollo , according to my scanner , our vector will take these shuttles well away from the Cylons . That 's the idea . We can 't lead them to the civilian ships . That means they don 't really need our protection . What 's one more viper ? Or two more , if you get my meaning . I get your meaning . You 're talking about violating orders . - Whose ? - Cain 's . How can we be accused of violating orders when Cain isn 't following them himself ? - Somehow that makes sense to me . - Good . Are you with me ? - Boomer ? - Yo . You 're in command . Starbuck and I want to check out our rear flank . - How far to our rear ? - Don 't ask too many questions . That 's what I thought . Good luck . Commander , two vipers are approaching from behind at just sub-light speed . Who is it ? What are they up to ? Identify . Pegasus closing to target range . Two base ships directly ahead . The shield . There they are . - He intends to go between them . - Knock out their missile launchers . - I 'll take the ship on the right . - I got the other one . Vipers are on strafing runs on base ships directly ahead . Vipers against base ships ? They 're going for the flank-side missile launchers . They 're clearing a path for us between the ships . It 's nice in here . - If they fire , they hit each other . - We can 't stay in here . We 'd better make it count . Scanner reports heavy damage to base ships . Good . Let 's go right between them and finish them off . Stand by all missiles for point-blank launch ! Even their shields won 't help them . Closing on blank range . Ten , nine ... .. six , five ... .. two , one . Fire missiles ! Starbuck , let 's get out of here . The Pegasus is launching her missiles . Did you see that ? I can 't see anything but spots . I 've never seen a flash like that . Can you see the Pegasus ? No . There 's too much smoke and debris . What do we do now ? Here comes their entire attack force . We have no choice . We go home - as fast as we can . Not too long . She needs to build back her strength . - Any word ? - No . But that 's nothing to be concerned about . Your father wouldn 't break radio silence and reveal his position . Thank you for trying ... but what are the odds he survived ? All those fighters and a base ship ... What were the odds when we thought you were lost two yahrens ago ? As far as I 'm concerned , he headed out into deep space just like last time . The Cylons couldn 't have followed far with empty fuel cells . They 'd flown a long way already . He 's right , you know . In the meantime , until your father does communicate with us , I want you to consider yourself part of our family . I already do . 'Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny , 'the last battlestar , Galactica , 'leads a ragtag fugitive fleet 'on a lonely quest ... 'a shining planet 'known as Earth . ' ST US By Tchen .. Sync error correction : Ki3r
