 25.000 The temperature 's dropping quickly . It 'll be dark soon . Then it 'll freeze . The Long Cold . I find this planet unnerving . Come . Travis . Where are you ? - Shhh ! Softer The sound travels in the caves . - You 're late . They would 've missed me had I come sooner . What have you got for me ? Avalon is moving to winter quarters , in the ice caves . I 've drawn a map . But contact - has Blake made contact with Avalon ? - Yes . She 's asked for transportation to a safer planet . - And Blake has agreed ? His ship has already entered out star system . The rendezvous is expected within fifty hours . Good . Go back and join Avalon . Now . You understand what you have to do ? I understand . It 's working , just as I predicted . This time I 'll be ready for you , Blake . Zen , can you get an estimated surface temperature from this range ? Sensors indicate a temperature of 120 degrees and still falling . That 's on the cool side , you 'll need thermal suits . Cally , are you still getting Avalon 's signal ? It changed position by about eight miles but its stationary now and switched to automatic . Well , lock onto it and get a precise fix . Jenna , when Cally 's got a fix , let her take us into orbit . You 're the only one who 's ever seen Avalon . I need you down there with me . Go and get kitted up . Right . Cally , we want an orbit just inside teleport range . Blake , there are 4 ... 5 interceptors orbiting the atmosphere now . They 're all below the horizon at the moment . - Track them . - Right . And don 't imagine they will maintain the same orbit . I 've summarised the relevant data . And ? We 've come at the worst time , of course . The northern hemisphere is just entering its winter cycle . They call it the Long Cold . Something of an understatement , it lasts the equivalent of eight and a half Earth years . - Does it support any intelligent life ? - Does the Liberator ? There are humanoid creatures called Subterrons . They live in caves . Quite what that says for their intelligence , I really wouldn 't know . Why are the Federation there ? Minerals . About 30 years ago it was discovered that deposits were seeping down into the ice , and forming gemstones of outstanding purity and hardness . Ahh , that is why Avalon is here . Perhaps , but the Ice Crystals are unique and as such quite valuable . No , Avalon has started resistance movements on a dozen Federation planets . Another idealist , poor but honest . I shall look forward to our meeting with eager anticipation . Is your anticipation eager enough to come down there with me ? Not quite . I think I shall contain my enthusiasm here in the warm . [ BEACON SIGNAL ] [ BEACON SIGNAL ] Stay where you are . Which of you is Avalon ? I want Avalon now . - Who betrayed us ? - Take her . Shall I smash it ? No . Give Blake his homing beacon ; make it easier for him . Finish it . No , no , please wait ! It 's me , Terloc . I helped you I gave you Avalon ! I gave you Avalon ! They 're going to kill us ! [ GUNFIRE ] And holding Orbital drift compensators ? - Activated . - Confirm position and status . All systems confirm instrument readings . Orbit is established , status is firm . Very impressive . I think I might have taught you too well . Navigation computers register positional error . point 000101 . Automatics are compensating . Thank you , Zen , for that small compensation . - Hm . Are you ready , Jenna ? - Yes . Have you got the teleport co ordinates ? - All computed . - All right , let 's go . Keep sensors on full alert . Those pursuit ships are still around . Don 't worry , we 're watching . - Good luck . - You , too . Surface temperatures are down to 180 , better wrap up warmly . Set your suit to seventy five percent . Right , stay at the controls . If all goes well we 'll be back in fifteen minutes . We 'll be ready . Right . Is your suit fully heated ? About ready to burst into flames . Put us down . [ TELEPORT WHINE ] Federation security must have found them , looks like their handiwork . None of them are armed . That 's what I mean . Weapons are still in the racks . They probably tried to surrender . Let 's get out of here , Blake . No , we must find out if Avalon 's one of them . We must know for certain . This homing beacon 's still transmitting . Once Federation security found that they wouldn 't have any trouble getting onto this place . [ CLATTER ] Blake ! He 's still alive . Careful , he 's been hit in the shoulder . It 's all right , it 's all right , we 're friends . The others , what about the others ? I 'm afraid they 're dead . What about Avalon ? Was she with you ? Can you remember whether she was with you when you were attacked ? - Terloc betrayed us it , was Terloc . - Where is Avalon ? She was with us , she ... They took her out , before the firing started . Public Address : Project A-6 security green now in operation . Stand by yellow release to project A-8 . Doctor Ellis Dee to area blue 6 basement main control area . The Supreme Commander 's ship has landed , they 've already disembarked . Good . I think we 're about ready . Oh , I 'll need a human to assist in a test . Check with the detention block , see if they can give you someone . Any special characteristics ? No , an ordinary unskilled labour grade will do . An expendable . If there isn 't one in detention ? - Then detain one ! - Yes , Commander . - Any problems ? - Not that I can see . A good healthy specimen . No deformities or unusual features . The standard triple omega should provide a perfect basis . - Good . Can you complete quickly ? - I think so . We have an experienced team standing by , everything 's ready . Good , good . Remember if you need any further equipment you have an absolute priority rating . - Demand whatever you want , on my authority . - Thank you , Commander . You should be flattered by all this special attention . Anyone who opposes the Federation knows what to expect if they get captured . It 's a risk we 're all prepared to take . Obviously . But whatever the risks , no one really ever expects to get caught , do they , hmm ? Still , I wish I could find the same urge to sacrifice among my subordinates . - They have no cause . - True . Every year more people defy the Federation , thirty planets in this sector alone , and others will follow many others . Yes . Well , you 'll tell us about those , won 't you ? Their leaders , locations , their plans . I 'm sure we 'll be able to convince them that loyalty to the Federation is , after all , in their best interests . I know enough about these machines to realise that I will tell you everything . You will murder hundreds of people , maybe thousands . But you won 't end the opposition . You 'll never end it . Perhaps not . However , we shall persevere . You 're right , of course . You will tell us everything . But first we need you for a far more important venture . We 've codenamed it Project Avalon . I won 't help you . You can 't force me to help you . Don 't be naïve . I can force you to do anything . It isn 't necessary , though . You 're already helping me . Just by being here you 've set in motion a chain of events that 's been absolutely predetermined . - I don 't understand . - No ? Do you think your capture at this particular point was a matter of chance ? It was a carefully calculated strategy . You 're worth a great deal to me . You 're going to give me Blake , his crew , and his undamaged ship . The Federation wants the Liberator you and I are going to give it to them . - There , how does that feel ? - Not too bad , thanks . Are you sure that they took here to the Centre ? They abandon the outer complex when the Long Cold sets in . Anyway , the main interrogation units are in the Centre . That 's where she 'll be all right . Have you ever been inside the Centre ? No . I helped build the outer complex , but the labour gangs were restricted in their movements . - I don 't exactly know my way around . - Could you get us in there ? - To the Centre ? - Yes . No . Can 't be done . Listen , Avalon knows all the resistance movements in this star sector . Places , names , everything . She 'd die before she told anybody anything . Not a choice she 'll be given . In a couple of days they 'll know everything she knows . - It 'll be disaster for the resistance . - And a lot of people will die . So we have to get her before that happens . Well , you 'd never make it through any of the normal entrances . They 're computer linked and manned by mutoid guards . What about ventilation shafts ? No , they 're closed off during the Long Cold . The atmosphere is recycled . The regeneration plant . It 's outside the Centre and linked by inlet and outlet channels . We might just make it through there . All right , we 'll have to give it a try . There 's no guarantee it 'll succeed . They 're bound to have all sorts of security devices linked into it . We have our own specialist in that area . Blake , do you read ? Cally , we hear you . Vila , get on a thermal suit and come down here fast . Me ? Oh , now wait a minute , it 's cold out there , and I 'm very susceptible to low temperatures . I 've got a weak chest . The rest of you is not very impressive . You 're wasting time . Come down here and bring your bag of tricks . I don 't know why it always has to be me . I 'm tired of being indispensable . Gan . Any space activity ? Yes , a ship came in and docked about half an hour ago . Can you identify it ? Well , the detectors read it as a military command cruiser . and the trajectory suggested it could have come from Federation space headquarters . It could be something to do with Avalon 's capture . Maybe they 're going to try and ship her out of here . We 'd better get moving quickly . The teleport co-ordinates based on the voice fix . Ready ? Just a minute , I want to set this to maximum . Ah , ah ! - Turn it down , Vila ! - Not a hope , I 'd rather fry than freeze . [ TELEPORT WHINE ] Vila ! This is Chevner . Come on , you lead , we 'll follow . What 's the , er , problem ? Avalon 's been taken prisoner , we 've got to get her out . We 're finished , we 've everything we need . Good . Prepare to take her down to transfer . They 're standing by . Right . Will he do ? Yeah , he seems healthy enough , he 'll do . Supreme Commander , it 's good to see you . A safe journey , I trust ? Nothing is safe any more . You 've heard that there have been two attempts on my life ? I have . I was very concerned . I consider Blake to be responsible . Not personally , of course ; but stories of his exploits are still circulating . They excite people . The fact that he is still free gives them hope . And that is dangerous , Travis . Hope is very dangerous . The loss of it can be fatal , and the source of it all is about to be wiped out . I think you should know that there 's been considerable criticism of your handling of the Blake affair . What ? Well , so far your operation has been very costly and there have been no worthwhile results . That 's not entirely just . There have been two occasions where I could have destroyed Blake . It was only the Administration 's insistence that the Liberator be captured undamaged that stopped me . I have made that point in your defence , but I can 't go on making excuses . - I 've been under considerable pressure to replace you . - Ohh ? Oh , so far I have resisted that pressure . But now , I need your reassurance that my confidence has not been misplaced . I think Project Avalon will silence the critics . It does seem an excellent plan . It should have every chance of success . I 'm glad you approve . Oh , Travis , you know better than that . In my position one never approves anything until it is an undisputed success . However , you have my full support . Unofficially , of course . Of course . Officially , you have my presence , and my attention . So , this is the famous Avalon is it ? I 'd expected something more impressive . All the checks have been made . They 're ready to take her down to transfer . - Well , don 't let me delay you . - Take her down . Travis , I think the labs have come up with what you wanted . It 's totally new and very costly . This is the only element that was missing . When will you test it ? - Now . Everything 's prepared . - Excellent . I 'm curious to see it work myself . Check door seals . Door solid . Seals are firm . - We 're ready . - Proceed . Activate . Twenty three seconds . It 's fascinating . How long before it neutralises ? It 'll be clear now . - Satisfied ? - Completely . Vila ? - If he sets that alarm off ... - He knows his job - Security robot . - Vila ! - Sensors report spacecraft approaching . - Identify . Analysis indicates they are Mark Four Federation interceptors . Compute course , speed and range . Interceptors are bearing directly on this position . Speed standard by two . Range two million spacials . Have they seen us ? Hull sensors register scanning beams . So they know we 're here . We 'll be within their attack range in minutes . We must tell Blake . All right , Vila . He 's coming back ! [ COMMUNICATOR CHIME ] He 's not answering . They 're coming in very fast . What do we do now ? Run for it , we daren 't risk a fight now . But that 'll leave them trapped down there if they need to get out quickly . If we stay here there might not be anything to get out to . Our only hope is to make a fast orbit , lose those interceptors , then come back onto station . Well , have you got any better ideas ? All right , then let 's get the hell out of here ! Cally , take her on manual . OK , Vila . Avon ? Cally ? Problem ? There 's no response . Avon ? Cally ? Jammed ? No . Well , let 's hope they 're back on station by the time we need them . Come on , Vila Here we go . Right . Vila , move it ! Yes ? Understood . Well ? Space security report . Our interceptors have detected an alien ship . Has it been identified ? Available data suggests it could be the Liberator . Suggests ? Suggests ? Of course it 's the Liberator . What action 's been taken ? Our ships are in pursuit . Shouldn 't you call them off ? Not really . I know they can 't match the Liberator 's speed , but it would look suspicious if they took no action . True . If I read my man correctly we can expect him to penetrate the Centre within the next twelve hours . Try this one or move on to another ? Well , I think we should be well inside the main Centre now . Let 's give it a go . Vila , you 're in business again . That has Klyber fastenings on the other side . You need a lot of explosives or a genius to open that . - Can you do it ? - Of course . All right , we 'll applaud you later . For now just get on with it . Ah , are you finished with her ? Yes , we 've just put her in her cell . - Was everything satisfactory ? - Perfectly . Public Address : Interrogation team one report to duty control . Repeat : Interrogation team one report to duty control . F-2 Avalon . You 've drawn your new weapon from the armoury , I see . Sir . Good . Stay alert . Public Address : Stand by medic unit and report to area control . - It 's clear . - Recognise the area ? No , it must be one of the sub levels , but I don 't know which one . All right , let 's find out . Public Address : Yellow release now on project A8 . Stand by blue control . Interrogation team one report to duty control . Repeat : Interrogation team one report to duty control . Attention block seven , report to duty control . Project A6 security green now in operation . - There 's a guard coming - What are you doing ? Getting us a guided tour ! You , there ! What are you doing in this section ? I was posted here by the security commander . My orders were that no one should enter this area . What is your security commander 's name ? Sergeant Major Garven . May I have your name and authority , sir ? His name is Blake , and this is his authority . You have a woman prisoner here called Avalon . Where is she being kept ? All prisoners are being held in the main detention block . - Right , take us there , now . - He said " now ' . Sensors indicate that Liberator is no longer being scanned . I 'll make a fast turn so that they do not pick us up again , then we must return to position . How long will that take ? Minimum possible transit time is 37.01 minutes That 's a long time to hold on if you 're in trouble . Then let 's get on with it . Speculation and fast turns aren 't going to make it any shorter . Right , remember to do exactly as I told you . And remember there are two guns right behind you . All right , let 's go . Halt . I have two prisoners to be confined in detention unit four . This area is under maximum security and totally off limits . - Down , it 's Blake ! - Chevner ! Jenna ! Public Address : Detention block seven condition red . [ ALARM SIGNAL ] Get after him , Jenna ! A12 Istar S8 Hend N15 Raiker T5 Kalor G1 Pelar F2 Avalon I hope she 's all right . I lost him , he must have got down a transit shaft . Right , cover this end . Chevner put this on . Get down and cover the other corridor . Come on , Vila . F2 , there , open that . Liberator , come in Liberator , stand by to teleport . Liberator , do you read me ? Avalon , I 'm Blake . We had hoped to get you out sooner , we 've had a bit of trouble . She 'll freeze to death dressed like that . Take this , and this . Put this on . Right Let 's move it . Right Vila , fall back . Go ! Jenna ? Right , go ! Come on . I 'm all right , go on . Chevner , the security robot ! Avon ! Cally ! Bring us up ! Liberator has resumed original position and status . You 'd better switch on the communication channel . Liberator , we need teleport now . Come in , Liberator ! Liberator , do you read me ? We need teleport now ! Do you hear me ? Bring us up ! Avon ! Cally ! Welcome back . Vila , Jenna , get the ship moving . Gan , take care of Avalon , put her down in a cabin . If the Federation find out where we are , they 'll send up everything they 've got after us . - What went wrong ? - I was about to ask you that . We have a firm location reading and an accurate track . - Have the pursuit ships been launched ? - Yes , sir . Good . Keep me informed . A couple of hours and it should be all over . - How are you feeling ? - I 'm fine I 'm perfectly all right . But my tunic , it is very important , my tunic . It 's all right , relax , I 'll go and get it for you . You just rest for a while . Perhaps we could talk later . I 've admired your work for the resistance for a long time . Avalon seems to have recovered . Jenna , there 's something wrong . There 's something about our escape that bothers me . Like what for instance ? Like the fact that we did escape . Federation troops are very efficient . They 're highly trained and they totally outnumbered us and yet we still managed to escape . We were lucky ! Yes , we were . One of those guards got a clear shot at me . The impact knocked me over , that 's all . That should have ripped your shoulder off . Yes , and Avalon was hit in the leg . A nasty kick , that 's all . Avon , what do you make of this ? It 's not standard issue . Low energy bolt discharge . This could bruise or stun , but it couldn 't cause any serious injury . A dud gun doesn 't make sense . Exactly . I think they wanted us to escape . That 's an interesting idea but I don 't see the logic . Neither do I. The Federation chases you all over the galaxy with the highly understandable desire to destroy you , then when they 've got you pinned down they let you go . Why ? They could have got all of us , but there were still three of you left on the Liberator . The Liberator ! That 's it ! They must want the Liberator . The only way they could do that is to put somebody here on board . The whole thing has been set up and we have fallen for it beautifully . Not Avalon . We 're sure that woman is Avalon , aren 't we ? Yes , I 've only met her once , but that 's her . - Then it must be Chevner . - Chevner . How do you think he 'll do it ? I don 't know . We 've got to find out . Gan , you stay here . You two come with me . She 's alive . Warn the others . Start searching . He 's got to be found . You stay and look after her . - Jenna tell you ? - Yes , but there 's no sign of him in any of the cabins . Right , let 's try the hold . - Avalon . - Hello . Come and sit down . Here , let me help you . Are you feeling better now ? - I 'm fine , thank you . - Ah , good . There . Where 's Blake ? He 's gone to look for Chevner . Wait a minute , wasn 't Chevner with you ? Yes , but he attacked . Cally and then he dragged me out . I thought he was going to use me as a hostage , but then he just went off somewhere . So Blake was right . Well , they 'll find him , don 't you worry . Is there anything you want ? Oh yes , my tunic There is something I need . Ah well , I 'll go and find it for you . [ SCREAM ] Jenna had your tunic in here . She must have left it around somewhere . Ah yes , here it is . - Thank you . - There . Gan ! That 's not Avalon . [ STATIC WHINE ] Get something to tie her up with ! Preliminary analysis suggests the phial contains a virus , artificially mutated from the Delta 706 classification subset 205 , originally known incorrectly as the Phobon plague . This mutation appears to have a short life cycle and be self-eliminating . If she 'd managed to crush that we 'd have been wiped out and the Liberator left totally unharmed . It very nearly worked , too . They 've made a perfect replica . This is the best robotic engineering I 've ever seen . I never had a moment 's doubt that she was Avalon . I talked with her , about her work . Not details , but her reasons and beliefs . I still find it hard to believe . Brilliant programming . They transferred complete key areas of Avalon 's personality . It 's really quite impressive . And the only person it didn 't completely fool was Chevner . Ah , but he 'd known the real Avalon for quite some time . He must have been suspicious of this one . That 's why it killed him . He shouldn 't have tried to tackle it alone . He probably didn 't . Just being suspicious would have been enough . A machine of this type would have recognised that easily , more easily than we would . - Can you make it safe ? - I can deprogram it , scramble its brain . Can you reprogram it ? No . A few minor functions , perhaps , not much else . That 's enough . Jenna , take us back into the precise orbit we were in . Cally , I want an exact locator fix on that laboratory . We still have to get Avalon out of there . I think I 'll stay on during Avalon 's interrogation . I have the feeling she 's going to tell us a great deal . There 's no doubt of that . When will you begin ? I want to finish with the Liberator first . As soon as it 's confirmed they 've put a boarding party on her we 'll get started . [ COMMUNICATOR CHIME ] Travis . What ! ? Are you sure of that ? Keep checking , I 'm coming up . I don 't understand Space track control say the Liberator 's moved back into orbit . - It must be another ship . - No , they seem very certain . [ GENERAL ALARM ] Public Address : Detention block one zero . Blake is here , sir , in the main laboratory . - Blake ? - He is demanding to see you . He is demanding ? I report only what I have been told , Commander . He also says you are to bring Avalon with you . - How many of them are there ? - Just Blake , sir Right , I 'll deal with this . Bring the prisoner . Ahh , Travis . Didn 't work . It was very clever , but it didn 't work . - How did you stop it ? - Does it matter ? All I want to do is finish what I started . I 'm going to take Avalon out of here . I don 't think so . That would not be very clever . You wouldn 't do it . What have I got to lose ? It 's not a pleasant death , Blake . So I gather , but it would have its compensations : I 'd share it with you and the Supreme Commander . Are you quite sure I wouldn 't do it ? Bring the prisoner in . Let her go . I said , let her go . You still have to get her out of here , Blake . Are you sure your teleport 's fast enough to stop me killing you both ? Put this bracelet on your wrist . I 'm afraid we 've had to reprogram your machine slightly . It 's nowhere near as sophisticated as it was but it will perform a few basic functions . Raise your arm . Enough . Open your thumb and forefinger . Close the thumb and forefinger . Enough ! The robot will crush the phial in response to one of three triggers . A particular word , a specific sound or a certain movement . You had all better be very , very careful what you say and do . Bring us up . Project Avalon has failed totally . There will be a full inquiry . Until that time you are relieved of your command . If it takes all my life , I will destroy you , Blake . I will destroy you . I will destroy you . Launch the pursuit ships .
