 25.000 Public Address : Attention . Level 38 walkways will be closed for one hour . Level 38 cardholders must report to Central immediately . Roj . Ah , Ravella . Did you have any trouble ? No . You followed the route I gave you ? Yes . Can we get on with it please ? Come on . You 've managed to do without eating and drinking ? I 've done without food or drink for thirty six hours . - How do you feel ? - Hungry and thirsty , of course . - Nothing else ? - Ravella , is this some kind of practical joke ? It 's no joke . Public Address : The President will be answering questions about new population control measures . All our food and drink is treated with suppressants . Go without for a day and a half , they should wear off . Not that again . Dal Richie , Roj Blake . Been looking forward to meeting you . I hear your family settled on the Outer Planets ? Brother and a sister on Ziegler Five . - Do you hear from them much ? - I get vistapes a couple of times a year Look , what is this ? I was told you had some news about them . No , not me . The man we 're going to meet . He wants to tell you in person . He was on Ziegler Five a few months ago . Where is he now ? Waiting for us , outside . Outside ? It 's not all that bad . The air 's fresh , though it smells different . You realise going outside is a Category Four crime ? We do know the law . So whatever you see tonight you keep silent about . Well ? Are you coming ? Let 's get on with it . What are you doing ? Picking the lock . - What is it ? - Nothing . One more thing : If you open the door , it registers on the computer . These are circuit integrators . Now you could steal this entire section of wall and the machine would ignore you . Ready ? You report anything to the authorities ; you 'll find yourself implicated more deeply than you imagine . [ ELECTRONIC WHIRRING ] [ RUNNING WATERAND DISTANT ANIMAL NOISES ] - Try some - Hm ? It 's natural water . The stuff we get has been recycled a thousand times and dosed with suppressants . - I 'll check ahead . Watch for my signal . - Okay - We 've got to go across that ? - Yeah Why should the Administration try to drug us ? To keep control . They 've been stepping up the suppressants because the number of dissidents is growing . - They 've seen what 's happening and they want to stop it . - Stop what ? Don 't you know ? Don 't you remember anything about the treatments they gave you ? I 've had no treatments ! I thought there 'd be something left , some memory . - What about my memory ? - There 's the signal [ DRONE OF DISTANT MACHINERY ] - They 're Outsiders ! - Quite a few of them are working for our cause now . It 's illegal to have contact with anyone who lives outside the city ! Right , but then this whole meeting is illegal . I 'm leaving ! I want nothing to do with this . You told me I was going to meet a man who could tell me some news about my family . Hold on , Blake . You 've got to hear Foster . I don 't want to hear Foster ! I should report everything I 've seen to the Administration . - You can 't do that - Why not ? We 've left documents in the city with your signature on them . Forged of course , but convincing enough to implicate you in everything we 've been doing . Don 't have any doubts . One word can make you look as guilty as any of us . And looking guilty is all it takes . Roj ! Good to see you It 's been a long time . Bran Foster Oh ! Stupid of me . You don 't remember . You had the treatment . I 've had no treatments , my memory is fine . Now what is going on ? Now , now I know it 's difficult for you . It 's also difficult for those of us who knew you before . But the important thing is , you 're here . I had trouble getting out of the city . For a while there I thought we 'd been infiltrated . - Dev Tarrant 's here . Dev ! You remember Roj Blake . - Oh , yes . We met before . - I 'm trying to persuade Roj to rejoin us . - Yes . Now , I want you to listen to what I have to tell you . After that you can do whatever you like . - All right . Now what do you know about my family ? - There are other things you should know first - Forget the other things . - What do you know ? Your brother and sister are both dead . I 'm sorry ; I didn 't intend you to hear it like that . They were executed four years ago just after your trial . Executed ? That 's not true I hear from them regularly I had a vistape only a month ago . Those tapes are fakes . Part of the treatment to keep your memory suppressed . This isn 't going to be easy , but I 'm going to have to tell you things about yourself . of which you have no memory . Will you hear me out ? Go on . Four years ago , there was a good deal of discontent with the Administration . There were many activist groups . But the only one that really meant anything was led by Roj Blake . You and I worked together . We were outlawed and hunted . But we had supporters and we were making progress . Then someone betrayed us , I still don 't know who . You were captured . So were most of our followers . They could have killed you . But that would have given the cause a martyr . So instead they put you into intensive therapy . They erased areas of your mind , they implanted new ideas . They literally took your mind to pieces and rebuilt it . And when they 'd finished , you confessed . You said you 'd been " misguided " . You appealed to everyone to support the Administration , hound out the traitors . They did a good job on you . You were very convincing . Then they took you back and erased even that . What happened to the others ? In their benevolence , the Federation allowed them to emigrate to the Outer Worlds . Like your family , they were executed on arrival . Why are you telling me this now ? Because we 're preparing to move again . And if you were with us we 'd get more support . How do you feel ? Will you help us again ? - I don 't know I 'm not even sure that I believe you . - It 's all true . - I have to think . - Of course . We 'll talk after the meeting . What do you think ? There 's not much left of the man I knew . We 'll see . All right , let 's get started , shall we ? Come on everybody . Let 's start the meeting now . You come over here and make a group . [ APPLAUSE ] Thank you for turning up . We all know the risks that we 're running in being here , so I 'll be as brief as possible . You 've probably heard that the settlers in the Outer Worlds are rightly demanding greater autonomy . If we can help to unify their voices , the Administration will have to listen . The security forces are already overstretched . If we step up our civil disobedience here on Earth , they will have to concentrate their forces here , giving the Outer Worlds more freedom of action . We must aim to have at least one world declare its independence within the next two years . Trooper Communication : Unit three , move in . I think most of you know my old friend , Dev Tarrant Dev will give you details of how we can all help . We 've got to cause as much disruption as possible in the food manufacturing division . There 's nothing more effective than ration cuts to cause unrest . I 've worked out methods to implement this disruption . Do not attempt to resist arrest . No matter what the provocation ; we must not resort to violence . We claim our rights as citizens , and demand to be treated as civil prisoners . [ GUNFIRE SCREAMING ] You 're obviously suffering from a severe emotional disturbance . We must try to unravel this fantasy . It is NOT a fantasy . Of course it isn 't . Do you believe me ? To you it isn 't a fantasy . Get out ! Leave me alone ! Reality is a dangerous concept . Each one of us interprets it in a slightly different way . Every sense impression is filtered by the brain and altered , sometimes just a little , sometimes completely , to fit our individual model of what the world is about . If that model should be challenged . I am NOT insane I am NOT insane . No ! You must put that thought completely out of your mind . You 've had a shock . Yes . We must work together to uncover what that shock was . I 'm going to prescribe a mild sedative . No drugs ! A mild sedative to help you to sleep . You must rest . No ! No drugs . All right , no drugs . Now try not to think anymore . Don 't worry ; we 'll get it sorted out . I can 't remember . I can 't remember ! Can he break through the memory blocks , Dr Havant ? It 's unlikely . We don 't eradicate memory , merely make it inaccessible . But in the normal , healthy mind the barriers are impenetrable . Should he suffer anything like a nervous breakdown , where all the mental circuitry malfunctions , then he might possibly find a route into his past . That might just possibly prove something of a problem . Can 't he be eliminated ? No , he 's a symbol of opposition to the Administration . So ? We 've done psych readings which show that a high percentage of people believe that Blake 's trial was a showpiece and his statements were rigged . His death could be used by the dissidents . They need a hero Alive or dead , Blake could be it . Difficult . I suppose my department could infect him , some rapidly terminal disease . Would his natural death help ? I don 't think so . We need to discredit him . He could be deported to Cygnus Alpha . Doctor , am I right in thinking you can create experiences in a subject who will then believe that they really happened ? Of course . Creating an illusion of reality is quite simple . Good . Then I think we can totally destroy Blake 's credibility and get him sentenced . But I 'd like to do a feasibility check . Doctor , would you come with me please ? As you wish . - I want to bring charges soon , Morag . - I shall report back . - You heard ? - I heard . Satisfied ? Not yet . He can identify me . My whole operation is at risk . I 'll be satisfied when the risk is eliminated . [ BLAKE 'S VOICE ECHOING ] Remember . Remember . Varon . Come in . Do sit down . Thank you . - You know Morag , don 't you ? - Yes . Varon I 've got a defence assignment for you . Not a very pleasant one , I 'm afraid . Morag is prosecuting . The evidence is indisputable If I were you , I should concentrate on the mitigation . Mm . Varon , I 'm going to say this because I feel so very strongly about this case . I want you to do everything in your power to help the man . Our first concern must be justice . Public address : Security clear on cell unit M 3 for Justice Department access . I 'm Tel Varon , Justice Department . I 've been assigned to defend you . - I don 't need a defence . I 'm going to plead guilty . - Come now . The evidence against you is strong . I just want to make a statement in open court . I want those responsible for the massacre brought to trial . I 'm sorry ? There can be no justification for deliberate murder . There 's nothing in the charges about murder . There are a number of other counts Assault on a minor , attempting to corrupt minors , moral deviation . Let me see that ! All involving children ! None of this is true ! That 's why you pleading guilty surprises me . Well , yes , but not to this , not to these charges . They are the only charges against you . And frankly the evidence against you is very damaging . - Well , if there is any evidence , it 's been faked ! - I 've had the opportunity of talking to the children ... that is , the prosecution witnesses ; and they do seem very certain of their facts . Oh , yes , yes . Their briefing would have been perfect . - I 'll outline how I think we should conduct your case . - They set me up beautifully . There is a possible approach if we could cite your record : Your breakdown after your involvement with those illegal political groups , the remorse and guilt that you felt has placed you under an enormous strain . We can submit that these assaults were carried out whilst you were mentally unbalanced . I will offer no defence , but I will plead not guilty . These are grave charges . You might face deportation . A mental institution would be better than spending the rest of your life on Cygnus Alpha . I will offer no defence . Right ? Won 't you reconsider ? Even if you could prove me innocent , the charges have been made . I 've got to hand it to them . You 've done a brilliant job ! Good morning . I 've had a chance to think things through . It 's vital that I have the opportunity to make that statement to the open court . Well that 's up to the Arbiter . It 's not usual . There 's no way you can prove my innocence , is there ? You 've given me no chance to try . IS THERE ? It is doubtful . - I AM innocent . - I 've spoken to the children . Their statements were all verified by a lie detector . And that puts them beyond dispute . The Administration has gone to enormous trouble . They 've even put themselves at risk . There must be a number of people involved who know the truth . Why would they take that chance ? There 's no possible reason that I can think of . I know you 've heard the evidence but , just for the moment , assume that I am innocent . All right . At first , I thought they wanted to silence me because I was the only witness to the murder of twenty people . If they 're as ruthless as you suggest , then why didn 't they simply eliminate you ? Because I was something of a political figure ; or so you told me . You had a considerable following , but then you publicly denounced your whole movement and pledged support to the Administration . There are those who secretly believe you were coerced into that statement . Exactly ! And my death would merely reinforce those beliefs . It 's exactly the same as if I were arraigned for being at a proscribed political meeting . So they trump up these charges against me . If it were true , do you realise the implications of what you 're saying ? It would mean corruption at a high level of the Administration . Public address : Now be silent . By the authority of the Terran Federation , this tribunal is in session . The Arbiter will permit submissions . Let the accused be brought forward . Have you , the accused , been made aware of the charges that are laid against you ? Do you fully understand the nature and gravity of those charges ? Yes . - Who speaks for the Federation ? - I do . - Who speaks for the accused ? - I do . Are you both satisfied that the evidence was fairly obtained ? And that all statements were certified as true and correct by lie detector ? I am . Is the accused satisfied that his defence has been fully and fairly prepared ? The charges against me are totally false . I am not guilty therefore I offer no defence . Your guilt or innocence is what we are here to determine . The case will be examined . Let it be seen that the evidence for the prosecution is sealed and approved by the defence . Let it be seen that the evidence for the defence is sealed and approved by the prosecution . Let the matter be assessed and may justice prevail . The accused has been found guilty on all charges . His crimes have been accorded a Category 9 rating , and as such are adjudged most grave . In sentencing you , the judgment machine has taken into account your past record , your service to the state , and your loyalty to the Federation . None of these have mitigated in your favour . It is the sentence of this tribunal that you be taken from this place to an area of close confinement . From there you will be transported to the penal colony on the planet Cygnus Alpha , where you will remain for the rest of your natural life . This matter is ended I wish to make a statement . There can be no more said regarding this case . Assessment and judgment have been made . But the evidence is false . These charges are lies ! If you have any complaint against the conduct of this tribunal , it must be directed through your advocate . You 've got to listen to me ! Voice of Bran Foster : They erased areas of your mind , they implanted new ideas . They literally took your mind to pieces and rebuilt it . When they finished , they put you up and you confessed . You said you 'd been ' misguided ' . You appealed to everyone to support the Administration , hound out the traitors . They did a good job on you . You were very convincing . And then they took you back and erased even that . Let me go ! Let me go ! No ! No ! Take it easy ! I hate personal violence , especially when I 'm the person . - Who are you ? - I 'm Vila Restal . - Where are we ? - In a transit cell . I don 't understand . You 're on your way to the penal colony on Cygnus Alpha . Or you will be when the prison ship 's refuelled . Try to look on the bright side . It must have something . None of the guests have ever left early . In fact , none of them have ever left at all . Why are you going there ? They didn 't give me a choice . I steal things . Compulsive , I 'm afraid . I 've had my head adjusted by some of the best in the business . But it just won 't stay adjusted . A professional thief ? More a vocation than a profession . Other people 's property comes naturally to me . What 's the time ? Just taking care of it while you were unconscious . The place is full of criminals . - Thanks . - Jenna . Blake . What 's your story ? I 'm innocent . Of what I was charged with anyway . We have something in common , then . All victims of a miscarriage of justice . - It 's true ! - Of course it is . What about the others ? Oh , a very antisocial bunch . Murderers , liars , cheats ... smugglers . Thieves . and they 're the nice people . How long before we take off ? About 24 hours If you 're expecting a last minute reprieve you 'd better forget it . Once they get you this far there 's no going back . You 'd better get used to the idea . Nobody out there gives a damn about you . What time is it ? Late . Come to bed . - There 's something wrong , you know . - Blake ? The prosecution evidence was so complete that I accepted it . I assumed Blake was guilty and concentrated on justification and appeals for mercy . Well , what else could you do ? You interviewed all the victims , the witnesses . - None of them had any doubts . - Perhaps they should have . What do you mean ? I don 't know . Perhaps Blake is guilty . Even so it 's too perfect . Where are you going ? The Public Records computer . To look for what ? I don 't know . Give me one minute and I 'll come with you . I 'm Tel Varon with the Justice Department . I want to run a check on the medical records of those children . It 'll have to wait until the morning . I want them now . Alpha 3375 . C612 : Leesal , Renor . 3417 : Deca , Carl . 3512 : Fen , Payter . Nothing . Admissions to clinic , treatment records . It all tallies with the evidence . Let me have the school attendance records on those three . Alpha 3377 : Leesal , Renor . Interesting . He was absent from school on the afternoon before the assault . C417 : Deca , Carl . So was he . C512 : Fen , Payter . Well that makes it more than a coincidence . Now where were they ? Give me the admissions to the Central Clinic on that day . Alpha 00288 Alpha . [ ALARM SIGNAL ] What 's the matter ? The information has been classified . Can 't be obtained without a Priority 3 clearance . But I need that information . Not possible . Look , the Justice Department can get a clearance but it takes time . This didn 't happen , of course . No , of course it didn 't . Look at that : Outpatient admission , identity unrecorded . And there 's another . And a third . Three unidentified admissions on the date the victims weren 't at school . It 's not absolute proof , but it gives us somewhere to start . But why would they have been to the clinic ? Mental implantation ? What 's that ? A fictional experience implanted into the mind so vividly that it becomes reality . Is that possible ? The process was perfected years ago , but prohibited by the medical profession . But if it is being used again , Blake could be telling the truth . And that could blow the top off the whole Administration . Come on . Where are we going ? [ COMMUNICATOR BEEP ] Security ? The meeting place how did you get to it ? I don 't know . It was dark . Which exit did you use ? Sub 43 . 43 that would be on the North side . All right , where did you go from there ? Well , we walked for about three miles . There was a stream . Is there anything else you can tell us ? Yes , there was a man . I saw him in court just before I passed out . What about him ? I saw him at the meeting . I thought he was one of them . He must have betrayed them . His name was Tarrant . Dev Tarrant ? Do you know him ? He works in the Outer Worlds most of the time . He 's in Security . He 's a murderer . Then he 'll come to trial like everyone else in this cover up . And what about me ? First , I 'm going to get a holding order to keep you on Earth while I investigate . You haven 't got much time . With luck I 'll get you taken back to the city detention area within a couple of hours . Thanks . Listen , I 'm sorry I didn 't believe you . I 'll be in touch . Friends in high places ? Can 't you put a word in for me ? I 'll try and think of one . Leaving us ? I hope so . Nothing personal . Why are you here ? You didn 't tell me . I was trading around the Near Worlds . I 'm a free trader . A smuggler . She 's a big name . It 's an honour to be locked up with her . I 'm glad you 're pleased . Public address : Attention security personnel . Launch is advanced to 17 : 00 hours Earth time . That is all . That 's about eight hours . It looks to me as though we 've all been used . It wasn 't Morag 's fault , but the prosecution case was based on a deception . But why ? Well , Blake claims he was arrested after he went Outside . Outside ? About three miles beyond Sub 43 . What did he go Outside for ? An anti Administration meeting . He says everyone there was murdered by Security forces . Leaving him as sole survivor ? No , him and a security agent named Tarrant . He says Tarrant organised the massacre . Ah , I can 't believe that . Still , it will bear examination . Then you 'll order an inquiry ? Yes . You 've raised a reasonable doubt . The whole matter must now be investigated . Thank you . Now go home and get some rest . Not yet . I 'd like your authority to go outside the city . To look for those tunnels ? No , I 'll have a team make a survey of the area . All right . And Blake 's holding order ? Leave everything to me . Go home and get some sleep . You 've done all you can . Is he going to be all right ? There 's something not ... " to look for those tunnels " . I didn 't say anything about tunnels . What ? [ COMMUNICATOR BEEP ] Link me with Dr Havant . Central Clinic . Speakerphone : Doctor Havant . Voice heard through door : Ven Glynd I think we may have a problem . Might be best if you were unavailable for a few days . Is it a very serious problem ? No , no , nothing that can 't be handled . I 'll take a few days ' leave and stay at home . Good . Arrange to take calls only from me . Goodbye . What does it mean ? It 's obvious . He 's involved . Then where do we go from here ? Higher up . To the President if we have to . But if we 're going to make accusations against Glynd , we 'll need the strongest possible evidence . [ UNCLEAR P.A. ANNOUNCEMENTS ] I 'm going to try something . [ COMMUNICATOR BEEP ] Central Clinic , Doctor Havant . Tell them it 's Glynd . Doctor Havant . Doctor Havant , I have Glynd for you . Sorry to call again , are there any clinical records about the matter ? Yes , of course . They 're in my office . You want them ? Yes , I 'd like to have a look at them . I 'll have them picked up from your reception . I 'll get my assistant to bring them down now . Thanks . Goodbye . We 've got them . You go to the clinic and pick up the records , then go home and collect the tape camera . Where are you going ? To talk to a thief and borrow a lock pick . I 'll meet you in 2 hours at Sub 43 . You 're running out of time . They 've had long enough to issue a holding order . It 's a long process . Don 't worry , they 'll get it . I wish someone was working for me . Until now it hasn 't seemed real . Now it 's getting close , I 'm getting scared . Maja . Did you get everything ? And there are the records from the hospital . Good . Yes , we can build a case on these . Did you get what you wanted ? Come and see . I 've never been Outside before . I have , years ago I didn 't like it much ; it 's very strange . [ ALARM ] [ KLAXON ] Listen , all of you . Move out of here into the embarkation channel . Come on , move ! Move out ! Pick up your bag . Go ! Come on , faster , move ! I said move ! Single file ! One behind the other . Keep them in line , guards . You in front , move ! Stay here . I 'll search the bodies and get picture tapes . [ DISTANT WARNING SIRENS ] All right , come on , move . Keep moving Come on , faster . Keep your voice down . Find the seat that 's allocated to you and sit in it . Fasten the harness . Stand by for lift off . Keep your voices down . You , fasten your harness . You , down in the front . That 's your seat . Come on , move ! You , stop talking . Fasten your harness . How long before lift off ? You in a hurry to get there ? Don 't worry . There 's still time . I 've got everything we need Enough to keep Blake here on Earth ? More than enough . [ WARNING SIRENS ] You different to everybody else ? Fasten your harness . What ? Hmm . Maybe we can help you hear better . You can start with a couple of hours confinement . You 'll be surprised how quickly your hearing improves . Seat 11 , confinement ! [ INCREASING ROAR OF ENGINES ] I think a " transporter accident ' . Killed instantly . Very tragic . See to it , will you ? Take a long look . That 's the last you 'll ever see of it . No , I 'm coming back .
