 25.000 Public Address : Attention , please . This is planet Centero communications base control . Routine robot surveillance is now in operation . [ SLAP OF CABLE AGAINST WALL ] [ ELECTRICAL EXPLOSION ] I 'm down and safe . I 'm somewhere inside the main complex . Is Vila ready ? - Hold on , just checking . - Are you ready ? Tell him I 've just worked out a completely new strategy . It 's called running away . - He 's ready . - Put him down . Stand by . Come on , Vila ! Ready ? I 'm putting him down now . [ TELEPORTER WHINE ] Vila ! Over here . - Where are we ? - Shhh , no noise . There 's a security robot patrolling the area . We 're in the outer compound . Top security section should be back that way . Stay close to me and keep your head down . Why don 't I stay here and keep watch ? Come on . That must be the way in . Can you open those gates or are we going to have to climb them ? You won 't get over it . That 'll have every detector device you can imagine . I 'll need a closer look at the locking system . All right , I 'll keep watch . [ BANG ] [ ROBOT DRONE ] Vila , take cover . Vila ! Vila ? - Has it gone ? - How did you get in there ? There isn 't a lock I can 't open if I 'm scared enough . Are you scared enough for that one ? What do you think ? How does it work ? Anybody authorised to go through the gate has a physio-psycho pattern registered in the central computer . When he wants to go through , this scans him and feeds the reading back to the computer . All you 've got to do is intercept the feedback from the computer . You stand in front and I 'll press the scan button . Retrieval system , no record , refusal signal , now . Nice going . - Any very talented person could have done it . - Come on . I 'm an escaped prisoner . I was a thief but recently I 've become interested in sabotage , in a small way you understand , nothing too ambitious , I hate vulgarity , don 't you ? Anyway , I 've come to blow something up . What do you think will be most suitable ? [ THUD ] Blake , don 't leave me ! Oi ! Oh , you gave me such a shock , you did . All you 've got to do with these is find a metal surface and they 'll stick fast . - Right . - They 're taking too long . That 's the trouble with heroics . They seldom run to schedule . They 'll find it . There 's not going to be a sign up there saying " This way to the cipher room " . - They may need help . - I think so , too . - They would have called in . - Avon 's right . I usually am . Blake says wait , so we wait . Stand still ! Vila , get his gun . All right , all of you . Over there , against the wall , quickly ! Jenna , we found it . Stand by . Phase one is now complete . Get an absolute locator fix on my signal . As soon as you 're set , put them down . Right . It had better be right . A fraction out and you could put us down in the middle of the security barracks . Don 't tempt me . Blake , can you give me a voice check ? Reading out . One , two , three , four . One , two ... Right , that 's it , got it . Locked on . Ready ? Good luck . I 'm putting them down now . [ TELEPORTER WHINE ] - Do you know what you 're looking for ? - Yes . - All the equipment here ? - All here . Down and safe . Well done , Jenna . Vila , back down to the entrance . Keep the door covered . Cally , Gan . Find somewhere to hold the prisoners . Cally , you stay with them Gan , when you 've started setting charges come back in here . Right . - Blake ! This is it . - You 're sure ? It 's been updated since the last one I saw , but it 's still the same basic instrument . - You 're absolutely positive ? - Yes . Good , disconnect it . Move on . Stand facing those racks . And keep your hands up . Can you handle it , Cally ? Now then . Don 't move . - I 've set the charges down the corridor . - All right , set a couple in here . Two ? One would be sufficient . I want total destruction so nothing can be recognised . If they sort through the debris and find the cipher machine is missing , all they 'll do is change their code and we 'll have wasted our time . Way over there . Gan . [ TIMER WHIRRING ] [ ALARM ] That 's done it ! Gan , watch the door . How are you doing ? The main holders are released but I still can 't get it free . It 's secured by something that I can 't quite fathom . Gan ! You better stand back . Avon , keep an eye on the door . Come on , Gan , hurry it up , hurry up . - Cally ? - What ? I 've just been spotted . The alarms are ringing . I thought you ought to know . I thought I told you not to move . What are you doing here ? What do you think ? Lock the door ! Get down , both of you . - How are you doing ? - I 've broken two connections , just two to go . You 've got one minute left . Stand by , Jenna , we may have to get out of here very fast . [ FOOTSTEPS ] Come on , get her ! Right , you watch her . You three come with me . Public Address : Attention , please . This is base control , red alert ! All security personnel to report to number one command post immediately . Got it ! Right , everything into the bags . Jenna , stand by to bring us up in about twenty seconds . Now ! So you got it . It was close though . Too close . Another few seconds we 'd have all been blown up . Well , it wasn 't my fault . Well , whose fault was it ? I thought you were supposed to guard the corridor . You were supposed to disconnect that thing , not rely on Gan tear to it loose with his teeth . All right , all right , now calm down . Are you sure this is it ? It doesn 't look like much . Zen , retaliation status report . Detectors confirm massive launch of long range interceptor rockets . They have locked on to Liberator 's course and are in pursuit . How long before we outrun them ? Battle computers estimate seven hours to outrange interceptor tracking systems . Maintain optimum evasive strategy . Battle computers confirm , optimum evasion strategy committed . So that all communication between Federation units is sent by hyperspace sub-beam . That originates here and here . All messages are converted into zeta three particles and then scrambled . They in their turn become an unbreakable code . Unbreakable unless you have one of those . As soon as I get this linked into our communications set up , we should be able to read every message that the Federation puts out . Any sign of the interceptors ? We picked up a whole flock of ' em . But we should outrun them in seven hours . It 's almost too easy , isn 't it ? A lot can happen in seven hours so I suggest we get back to business . Avon , I want you to make a start with that . Cally can help you . Where is Cally ? Anybody see where she went ? Has anybody seen her since she came back on board ? - I haven 't seen her . - Neither have I. Then she 's still down there . We 've got to get back . - We can 't . The interceptors . - We can 't just leave her there ! Blake , listen . If she didn 't come back up , then she was in the building when the charges blew . She 's dead . And anyway , the place will be crawling with security forces by now . They 'll be on full alert . We 'd never even get through their interceptors . If you turn this ship round , you will kill all of us . Which is why the President has asked me to come here personally ; to express his own very grave concern over this matter . The destruction of the communications centre has far reaching political consequences . Controllers from some of the Outer Planets , whose loyalty to the Federation is delicately balanced , have been openly critical of the Administration 's defence system . There are even one or two radical voices that speak of withdrawal from the Federation . My department has done all in it 's power to suppress information about Blake and his actions ; there is a total blackout on all reports concerning him but still the stories get out . They spread by word of mouth , whispers , rumour . Each time the story is told it is elaborated upon . Any damage to the Federation is attributed to Blake . The smallest incident is exaggerated out of all proportion until it becomes a major event . Blake is becoming a legend . His name is a rallying call for malcontents of all persuasions . He must be stopped . Gentlemen , I share the President 's grave concern . And I am aware of the danger should Blake become a legend . But let us keep this matter in its correct perspective . It is true that Blake has command of a superb space vehicle , but he is just a man , backed by a handful of criminals , and that is all . He is not invulnerable , nor is he superhuman . He is just a man , who has been extremely lucky to evade capture so far . With respect , Supreme Commander , we are aware of the facts . They are simply that with all the resources that the Federation can call upon , this one vulnerable , lucky man is still free to cause havoc . You have some criticism of my handling of this matter , Secretary Rontane ? Not at all , I hoped merely to convey the concern shown by the President when he briefed me for this visit . It would be very helpful to all of us if you could indicate what action you will now be taking against Blake . Very well , Councillor Bercol . You may tell the President that I am appointing a Space Commander to take absolute control of this matter . He will be exclusively concerned to seek , locate , and destroy Blake . Oh , excellent , excellent . May we know the officer 's name ? Yes , you may . Space Commander Travis . I understood that Travis had been suspended from duty pending an inquiry into the massacre of the civilians on the planet Auros . And I have satisfied myself that Travis acted correctly in this matter . The civilian deaths on Auros were unavoidable . Uh , there are other incidents on his record , um , unfortunate incidents . He has caused the Administration some political embarrassment in the past . In dealing with even minor insurrections , he has been overzealous ? Oh , don 't be afraid of the word , Secretary . Ruthless . Committed . He does his duty as he sees it , and he sees it clearly . He has no time for the dirty grey areas of your politics . I 'm sure you 're right , and of course the appointment is made on your judgement and your responsibility . Responsibility is something I have never evaded , Secretary . May I then tell the President that you are confident that the Blake problem will be solved , soon ? You may tell him to prepare a statement announcing that Blake has been eliminated . Thank you for your reassurances , Supreme Commander . Goodbye . A safe journey back to Earth . Where is space commander Travis ? He was due here one hour ago . His ship is locked into the station 's flight grid . He will dock at precisely 18 : 23 . Good . Your time is running out , Blake . Your time and your luck . There 's nothing you could have done . It wasn 't your fault . And whose fault was it ? I should have checked . - Cally wasn 't a child . - Wasn 't she ? She knew the risks . She accepted them . She even welcomed them . She was ashamed to go back to her own people because she had survived when the rest of the freedom fighters were massacred . Well , that wasn 't her fault . Shame like hers is an emotion , Jenna . It isn 't rational . Exactly , and so is guilt like yours . That 's not rational , either . It 's ironic , isn 't it ? She was the only one of us who wasn 't a convicted criminal . She convicted herself . You can 't live like that . You 've got to make peace with yourself , Blake , if you want to survive . How are you coming with that ? The primaries are hooked into the main instrumentation , I just have to link up to a read out . Attention : Liberator is now out of range of the interceptor 's scanning systems . Detectors indicate the rockets have begun to self destruct . Put in a course for the planet listing K-14 . Course laid in . That 's a Federation repair and supply base , isn 't it ? Yes , for their deep space cruisers . Are we going to attack it ? One for Cally . Because I want to survive . Yes ? Space commander Travis ' ship has just docked . Have him report to me immediately . No , have him wait outside until I send for him . Come in . Central Intelligence transmitted the records you asked for , ma 'am . I have the micro tapes . Thank you , Rai Leave them there . I am told that Travis is docked . So I understand . May I speak , Supreme Commander ? Yes , of course . But why so formal , Rai ? What can be so important that we can 't discuss it in a more relaxed way ? Oh , Rai , come here . Rai , I thought we were old friends . I value our friendship a great deal . Yes . Well ? Senior echelon officers all know that Travis is coming . But I 've made no secret of it . Is it wise ? They know that he has been stripped of his rank and authority . That he has no status now and that he stands a good chance of being dismissed of service . Rai , Space Commander Travis is the subject of a military inquiry . He was ordered to suppress an attack on Auros . The man is a butcher . He continued with his attack after the total surrender . The death toll was horrifying . Travis is an advocate of total war . He carries out his orders with meticulous thoroughness . An enemy does not cease to be an enemy simply because it has surrendered . That 's the philosophy of an assassin , not a Federation officer . There are those among your officers who will not serve with Travis or take orders from him . And you may tell them whoever they are that Space Commander Travis ' rank and authority have been fully restored by my order . I have also appointed him Senior Executive Officer of this station . Is that clear ? Yes , Supreme Commander . Let them know , too , that any lack of co operation , any hesitation in responding to an order , will be treated as mutiny . Let them know I have said this . Dismissed ! [ COMMUNICATOR CHIME ] Yes ? It 's Commander Travis . I told him he was to wait but he just pushed past me . He 's on his way up I tried to stop him . Very well . Space Commander , it is good to see you . Your aide said I was to wait . He was obviously mistaken . He doesn 't realise the urgency of the matter . These are your orders ? Destroy Blake . Depend on it . - It 's working . - Well done . Now let 's see how well . Jenna , see if you can isolate the Federation 's signal beam . That 's it . Now , feed that into the cipher control and there it is . Well done , Avon . Under the circumstances , it would have been a great pity if it hadn 't worked . Gan , basic unscrambler . What are you getting ? Just routine movement orders , statistical information . I 'll rig a selective data link into their battle computers , it 'll be useful background information . We should monitor what we 're getting , we 'll need a rota of some sort . Yeah , good idea . We should know more about the Federation than the president . I presume there 's a recall record ? It 's all going on to micro tape . You 've done a good job , Avon . Thank you . At least I 'll know what the Federation is planning . Just a minute . Something ? A message beamed into Centero . But we 've just destroyed their communications base . They 're using emergency frequencies . What 's the message ? Some flight clearance Priority space way for a ship going in from Space Headquarters . The Supreme Commander requests all personnel give maximum cooperation to the incoming officer . Does it give his name ? Space Commander Travis . - Travis ? - Do you know him ? I thought he was dead . I was sure I 'd killed him . Stop ! What are these men doing here ? I didn 't think it would matter if we made a start on clearing up the worst of the damage . My orders were that nothing was to be touched in this room , nothing . Get out . Out ! Go through the sequence of events . - From the beginning , sir ? - Naturally . Well , two armed men came through the door . From the description you 've given me , one of them was certainly Blake . Go on . Well , we were made to stand against the wall . Then a minute later , three more of them just appeared . Appeared ? Well , materialised , sir . My men and I were taken out by a man and a girl . It was the girl who kept us prisoner in the equipment store . We overpowered her , the demolition charges went off , sir . Well , we were lucky to get out alive . How long were Blake and his men in here ? Five , ten minutes , not more . Five or ten minutes ? They could have set demolition charges in thirty seconds . What were they doing in that extra time ? Perhaps they had trouble getting them to work , sir . And why did they take you and your men out of here ? I suppose they thought it was safer with us out of the way . No . There 's something missing . I 'm missing something . Do you still have the original construction plans for this room ? They 'll be on record , sir . And detailed diagrams of all the circuits ? Yes . Good I 'm sending in a forensic team . I want a full catalogue of every item in this room . But , sir . Everything must be accounted for . But , sir well , that could take months , sir , if it 's possible at all . Prell , if I were you I 'd make it possible . I want that catalogue in twenty hours . Sir . [ COMMUNICATOR CHIME ] Yes ? Right ! What is it ? They found something , under the rubble . I think you 'd better come along . - Where is it ? - It 's over there , sir It 's the girl who was holding us prisoner , sir - Is she dead ? - I 'll check , sir . We found this , sir . - Sir ? - Hmm . She 's alive . - You , get a medical squad . Move ! - Yes , sir . She 'll pull through all right , sir , she 's lucky . No , we are . Her luck ran out when she didn 't die . The medics are to give her emergency treatment and put her into a life support capsule . I take off for the space station in one hour . Right , sir . Shouldn 't you rest now ? Is this all the information we have on Blake ? I checked with Intelligence personally . It 's all there . Have you approved my requisitions for personnel and equipment ? The ships you want , the Starburst class , I 'm not sure I can get them . What ? ! They 've only built three of them so far , and they 've already been assigned to the Galactic 8th Fleet . Well , get them reassigned to you . Look , from what we already know about Blake 's ship , it 's vastly superior to anything we 've got . If I 'm to stand even a reasonable chance of taking him , I need those three high range pursuit ships . You 'll have them . What about my crew ? - Already assigned . - Why mutoids particularly ? Why mutoids ? I 've always thought that individuals with a high bionic rebuild were more reliable , less likely to let emotion interfere with judgement or duty . I give a mutoid priority over a man every time . Or perhaps it 's this that gives me a fellow feeling . Does it still trouble you ? Not in the way you mean . The surgical mechanics did a perfect refit . I had the Weaponry Division make a few adaptations . They built in a laseron destroyer , more powerful than any sidearm . No , the hand is fine , better than the original . It only troubles me because it 's a constant reminder that the man who caused it is still alive . - Blake . That 's why I choose you . - Oh ? I 've read all the reports , of course . But none of them said what happened . None of them explained about your face . What about my face ? It was patched up by a field medic . Man saved my life . But why did you never let the surgeons finish the job ? What are you suggesting , cosmetic surgery ? I 'm a field officer , not one of your decorative staff men . You 're certainly not decorative . - You find it repulsive ? - I find it unpleasing . - But memorable . You wouldn 't mistake me for anyone else . - Hardly Neither will Blake . Even after all this time , he 'll know me , and remember what happened at our first meeting . Tell me . It was quite early on . Blake had only been involved with the dissidents for a short while , but he already had a following . He organised some attacks against some of our political rehabilitation centres . Released some of the prisoners who were having indoctrination treatment . I was assigned to deal with the matter . We got information that Blake was planning another raid . We knew the location of the meeting point . I made my plans well in advance . The group had arranged to meet in a sub-basement . There were about thirty of us . I was very particular about security . I had our people watch the entrances and exits for a full 24 hours before we were supposed to meet . No Federation forces came anywhere near the place . I was absolutely sure that we were safe . That night we were assembled and about to begin , and Travis and his men suddenly appeared from nowhere . Didn 't you post any guards ? Of course I did . Travis was already there . He 'd been hiding in that basement for more than two days . We made no attempt to resist arrest . There was no point , we had no chance . I said to Travis , " We will offer no resistance " And he just stared at me . And then he ordered his men to open fire . Everybody was diving for cover that wasn 't there . I managed to get a gun away from a guard , and then I was hit in the leg . But as I went down , I saw Travis . And I fired . I saw him fall . I was sure I 'd killed him . What happened then ? They did a memory erase on me , set up a show trial , had me confess , made me explain that I had been misled , that my political ideas were mistaken . Enough people believed me . The whole resistance movement collapsed . After that the Federation kept me around as a reformed character , a sort of ideal model citizen exhibit . Of course , I didn 't know that at the time . No , it 's only since almost exactly the same thing has happened again . that the memory erase has begun to fade and I can remember . Do you remember enough to recognise Travis again ? The man who killed twenty of my friends ? Oh , yes I 'll recognise him . What is her condition ? There 's some superficial bruising , a slight respiratory problem , other than that she 's virtually unharmed . There 's really no need for her to remain in the life support capsule . No , she 'll stay where she is for the moment . It 'll make her more responsive to interrogation later . She 's not yet well enough to submit to intensive questioning . She must have rest . Yes , thank you very much indeed , Doctor , you are relieved of your responsibility for the prisoner . She is now the property the " concern of the interrogation division . We 'll want to know about Blake , the ship , his crew , his plans . Your words are meaningless to me . Who is Blake ? I think you 'll remember , quite soon . There may be a little pain , a little discomfort , but you will remember . I will tell you nothing . I 'll come back later . By that time you may have answered my questions . You may begin . What do you make of this , sir ? Where did you find it ? It was embedded in the wall . Strange , it looks like part of the inner workings , and yet the surface scoring would suggest that it was exposed at the time of the explosion . Hmm . Check its code number . Fourteen twenty nine . Fourteen twenty nine , relay boost , prime link is to component fourteen thirty . What have we salvaged for that classification ? Nothing . - Nothing ? - Not a fragment . Of course , it 's obvious , obvious . What is it ? Priority message to Space Commander Travis . Delivery by Category One courier . Message begins : thorough check of salvaged material reveals no trace of parts used in manufacture of component fourteen thirty . It is virtually certain , therefore , that the instrument was removed before the explosion Component ... Blake got the cipher machine . He 's able to read everything we transmit . Forward planning movements , security , everything . That 's right . I must advise Central Security . We have to introduce a new code system immediately . No . If the code system is changed , Blake will know we 're on to him . That 's not important . What matters is that our security is wide open . Listen to me . We know that Blake is reading us . If we transmit a message in the normal , routine way he 'll intercept it , hmm ? What if that message was something he wanted to hear ? Something that we know would bring him to a particular place . A place where we would be waiting for him . Exactly . Blake , can you get down here fast ? What is it ? - This just came through on the cipher . - Read it . " Space Headquarters priority " " Injured female prisoner taken after attack on communications base planet Centero , " " to be held for treatment and interrogation " - She 's alive . - I knew she wasn 't dead . - No , you didn 't . - No , I didn 't . I 'm going to tell Gan . " Treatment and interrogation " ? That doesn 't sound too promising . She 's alive . That 's all that matters . Zen , immediate course change . Direct route to Centero speed standard by six . Confirmed . I want a repeat readout of everything in the databanks concerning Centero . The whole lot again . Confirmed . I want it now . Blake , what are you planning ? What exactly have you got in mind ? I 'm not sure yet . We could make a really fast strike . They wouldn 't be expecting anything . Oh , I admire your confidence . Well , surprise is the only thing we 've got on our side . Yes , well , however we do it , one way or another we are gonna to get Cally out of there . The banks have collated the required information Liberator is turning onto new course heading , now . Base Commander Escon reporting , sir . Yes , Base Commander ? I 've escorted the prisoner to the interrogation room , and my men have been briefed to keep out of sight until you give the signal . Good . Blake is to get right inside the building before anybody makes a move . Understood , sir . - Sit down , Base Commander . - Thank you , sir . How are your units deployed ? We have the whole area circled . Squads on every roof , destructors with wide firing spread around every wall . Once they 're inside there 's no way they 're going to get out again . Good . Space watch reports ? An unidentified ship entered our upper atmosphere about an hour before you arrived . - Blake 's ? - We assume so . - Why ? Because it came in close and then raced back out again . Our guess is that it was doing a fast ground survey . Seems reasonable . Where is it now ? In fixed orbit , about a quarter of a million out . Quarter of a million ? They won 't be able to use their teleport at that range . They 'll have to come in closer . And they can 't do that without our knowing it . Which leaves just one chance factor : Exactly where they 'll teleport down . The odds are against them being able to zero in on the interrogation room . - I think we have that beaten , too , sir - Oh ? My research people have rigged up the entire complex with an MSD . - What ? - A molecular shift detector , sir Apparently there 's an enormous kinetic potential set up by teleport communications . A rough analogy would be the static build up during an electrical storm . Yes , well , I 'm always grateful for a rough analogy . What does it do ? It tells us exactly where and when they land . It 's perfect . He still may not come . Oh , he 'll come . He wouldn 't abandon the girl . Not Blake . - Right , it starts now . Get under cover . - Sir . Oh , and Base Commander , remember : Blake is to get right inside the building . Let him find me and the girl before anybody makes a move . Is that clearly understood ? Understood , sir . I hope you 're not too uncomfortable . It won 't be long now . You 're wasting your time . Blake will not risk his ship and his crew just for me . I 've studied that man till I know him better than I know myself . He has one reliable flaw : Loyalty . He 'll come for you I 'll stake my life on it . [ COMMUNICATOR CHIME ] Yes ? No movement yet from Blake 's ship . Still holding fixed orbit . - Let me know the minute it starts in . - Yes , sir . I 'm sorry about this , but I don 't want you doing anything foolish like shouting out for help . Now this won 't hurt . [ ELECTROSTATIC DISCHARGE ] A trick I learned from you , Travis I got here first . Take his gun , Cally . Know this , your interrogators caused me much suffering . I should like a reason to kill you ; one small movement will be enough . - I got her , Jenna Bring the ship to teleport range . - On our way . Now , Travis , your turn . You get in the chair . Don 't feel too badly , Travis . After all , it was an ambush technique you devised . You 're not out of this yet . Communicator : Blake 's ship is moving , coming in very fast . We 'll be leaving you in about three minutes . I should use the time to think of an excuse for your failure . You 'd better kill me , Blake . Until one of us is dead , there 'll never be a time when I won 't be right behind you . If not you then somebody else . Killing you 'll change nothing . You don 't matter enough to kill , Travis . Blake , get down ! [ LASERON BLAST ] The door , Cally ! They 'll be coming . - How long , Jenna ? - Ninety seconds . Make it faster . - They 're coming ! - Get down . [ GUNFIRE ] [ EXPLOSION ] - Take them ! - In teleport range now . - It doesn 't matter about me . - We 're bringing you up . I order you to take them ! Don 't stand there , you idiots ! Launch the interceptors ! [ TELEPORT WHINE ] Welcome back . We thought you 'd decided to stay . Bit close that time , Jenna . Anyway , we 're glad you are safe , aren 't we ? Aren 't we ? Yes , I 'm glad you 're all right . Those interceptors will be lifting off any minute now . Let 's get on with it . Gan , get the ship moving . Full interceptor evasion . Check Zen , battle computers to interceptor evasion . Then take us out . Speed standard by six . Your instructions are confirmed . Speed is now standard by six . Blake . Thank you . Too many of my friends are already dead , Cally . I can 't afford to lose another one . Travis ' gun I 'll take that . Run , Blake Run . As far and as fast as you like . I 'll find you . You can 't hide from me . I am your death , Blake .
