 Shortly before the start of World War II , the German High Command began a secret investigation into the powers of the supernatural . Ancient legend told of a race of warriors who used neither weapons nor shields and whose superhuman power came from within the earth itself . As Germany prepared for war , the SS secretly enlisted a group of scientists to create an invincible soldier . It is known that the bodies of soldiers killed in battle were returned to a secret laboratory near Coblenz , where they were used in a variety of scientific experiments . It was rumored that toward the end of the war Allied forces met German squads that fought without weapons , killing only with their bare hands . No one knows who they were or what became of them , but one thing is certain , of all the SS units , there was only one that the Allies never captured a single member of . I don 't know how long that dinghy floated around with me lying in it . All I can remember is the sound of the water slapping against the side . Then I heard the engine sound getting closer . That was when I realized I was still alive . Get yourself down in there and help me get her out . Hey , hey , don 't do that . He 's trying to help you ! I couldn 't understand what they wanted . It didn 't occur to me I was being rescued . It 's okay , it 's okay , we don 't mean no hurt to you . Jonathan , fetch some water here . What you doing way out here in that there boat , little lady ? Here , some cool liquid for you , make you feel right . You gonna tell us now what you doing out here ? I wish I could 've told him . But it 's only now that I remember any of it at all . It was the second day on one of those small dive boats that takes you around the islands . The engine had broken down for the second time . Keep her at half speed . No sense putting any strain on that crankshaft . Here 's your course . Three , three , zero . Northwest ? Three , three , zero , North-northwest . Listen , my friend , what we must have on this boat is accurate navigation . A sailor 's best friend . It 's the way he makes his way around without losing his boat and his crew . It isn 't how good-looking he is , it 's his ability to navigate . Sorry . Don 't apologize , navigate . Jesus , look at the sun . See if you can raise someone on the radio . Cut the engine . - Do you hear that ? - Be quiet ! Let 's get the hell out of here . Norman , it 's pitch black out there , what do you expect to see ? I don 't like this one bit . I hope these people know what they 're doing . They must know what they are doing , they 're sailors , aren 't they ? So was the crew of the Titanic . Look Norman , if you 're so worried , why don 't you go upstairs and help the captain steer the boat ? I 'm sure he 'd be very grateful . I think I 'll do just that . - Hey , how about a drink ? - No thank you . I 'm going to speak to the captain about this situation . Oh , relax . Besides , you won 't get anything out of him , I already tried . Well , don 't you think it 's a bit unusual ? You people ready for some dinner ? Can anyone tell us what 's going on out there ? I 'm only the galley hand , I don 't know no more than you do . - Hey , Dobbs , how about a drink ? - Don 't mind if I do . Yes , but you 're an experienced seaman , you ... you must 've encountered ... No , I ... take it neat , just the way it is . You mean to say you 've never seen anything like this ? Can 't says I ever have . Well , aren 't you curious about it ? Sea spits up what it can 't keep down . We 've been holding steady for half an hour . Steer one six five and keep her below eight knots . Take another reading in a couple of hours . You have any idea where we are ? Will when the weather clears . In the meantime , keep checking the radio and keep your eyes peeled . By the looks on your faces , maybe I shouldn 't eat this . Oh , your cook Dobbs here just told us one hell of a yarn . Oh ? What was it this time ? Sea monsters or ghost ships ? Well , as a matter of fact , it was ghost ships . Up to his old tricks again . You don 't believe any of these stories have some truth to them ? Look , miss , I could match you story for story with logical evidence , but what does it prove ? Men at sea often have hallucinations . They work hard , they have eyestrain , lack of sleep , exhaustion . Sometimes , they 're just plain stupid . Why , some say they 're more afraid of water than little old ladies are of the dark . Now just a minute , you mean to say that what we all saw out there is just a mirage ? It was a minor underwater disturbance . It was a hot sky acting on a cold current coming from a mile down below . Dobbs was just saying ... Oh , if everything that old fart said came true , both he and me would be in the deep six by now . Given the condition of this boat , I wonder that hasn 't happened already . Norman , please . What 's bothering you , mister ? It seems to me , you 're taking an unnecessary risk with a boat like this . What do you mean " a boat like this ? " I mean , a broken down old tub that should 've been retired years ago , along with her captain . How is it that a used-car salesman knows so all fired much about boats ? I know enough to see that this boat is not what you people would call " shipshape . " The accommodations aren 't worth the money at half the price . I think that you have a responsibility to your passengers . - We should turn around right now . - Set back ? For one crankshaft ? No chance . The first thing you 'd want is a refund of your money , and I 've already spent your money on her . No , we 're gonna sit right here , and you ... you people are going to get your money 's worth whether you like it or not . Ladies . Now I understand why we 're the only passengers . I think it 's time for us to take matters into our own hands . Take over the ship ? I mean nothing of the sort . There are two other crew members on board . They may not be smart , but they seem to have their wits about them . I 'll admit he is a bit unusual , but I think you 're overreacting a bit . Overreacting ? Am I ? All right . I warned you people . You 're inviting trouble by not taking any action . I 've spoken my mind , my conscience is clear . Beverly . I think I 'll stay up a little longer . I 'll be in the cabin . Hi . - You really gave me a scare . - Sorry . I guess we 're all a little jumpy tonight . Do you always steer the boat with your feet ? You 're not very talkative , are you ? Captain doesn 't like us messing with the passengers . Do you stay up here every night by yourself ? Ben was supposed to relieve me . He needs the rest more than I do . So , I 've got the whole dogwatch to myself . Dogwatch ? It 's the middle of the night watch . I like it . I get a chance to be alone . Can you really tell where we 're going from this ? Sure . How ? Calculating your speed , time , and distance . Where are we now ? I don 't know . What ? Our compass has been out most of the day . What 's the matter ? I don 't know . Did you hear anything ? I don 't think so . Now I do . What the hell ? Are you all right ? Lend a hand here . Where is it ? - Where 's what ? - The freighter off the port bow . Freighter nothing . What it 'd do , fly ? Where 's it gone ? Freighter coming down on us . Running without lights . Ships don 't come up out of nowhere . You ran us onto something ! He is telling the truth ! I saw it , too . What happened ? Get back inside . There 's no danger here . Well , it sounded like we hit something ! Sure we hit something , a school of canned tuna . Take that jacket off , we 're not sinking . Not yet anyway . Well , here 's one goddamned thing those bastards won 't get . What the hell ? ! Has everyone gone crazy ? ! Don 't you know ? We 've been hit by a ghost ship . It 's over there . It was moving down on us , Dobbs . It ain 't going no place now . But it was moving ! I swear . Where 's Ben ? I wish I knew . What do you mean ? Went looking for him a little while ago . He wasn 't in his cabin , and he wasn 't no place else . Come up on deck , and I found these . First off , I figured he was checking the underside . Beats me . Clothes here , dinghy 's still here . He 's too old to go swimming around these here currents ! What 's it look like ? Well , the props and shafts are all right . She 's lying flat on the bottom and I can 't see everything . Are we gonna be able to get out of here all right ? We 'll know as soon as the tide comes in and lifts us off . Oh , swell , and then we can go look for the captain , right ? He 's probably waiting for us to pick him up on the other side of the island . I still don 't see why we can 't stay in the boat . Surely you can pump the water out . The hull 's been damaged . One wave , and she rolls right over . You 'd have a lot of trouble getting out of it then . You know , I keep asking myself if this is really happening , if this isn 't all a bad dream . Then I realize , it isn 't a dream anyone would believe , so it must be real . Ben ! Ben ! Where the hell are you ? What the hell does he think he 's doing ? He is trying to break his neck . Shit ! Are you sure we 're not weighted down too heavily ? Norman , leave him alone . He knows what he 's doing . Knows what he 's doing , does he ? Beverly , these people haven 't the slightest idea of how to boil water , let alone sail in it . Sorry I said anything . Looks like our trip up here was for nothing . This must 've been one hell of a joint . Hey , Dobbsy ! I found your room ! Don 't you ever get enough of that stuff ? Only once in a while . Then I don 't usually remember it . Well , will you look at this ? It 's just a dusty old refrigerator . Dusty old refrigerator . Why have you come to this place ? I am waiting . You will please answer my question . Who wants to know ? That is not of importance . Why are you here ? Our boat ran aground out on the reef . Where are you ? I am near , but also far . We can 't get her off . The bottom 's filled in . We saw this place and came up here . - How many are you ? - Why should we answer you ? Because I live here and you have entered uninvited . Look , we didn 't mean to trespass . It didn 't seem like anyone was here . We were running at night and hit that wreck . We 're alone , we need help . We don 't mean to cause you any trouble . What do you mean ? There is no wreck . Sure there is . It 's right out there on the reef . Can you help us out ? Are you still there ? I don 't like this one bit . He sounds like a nut . This is some old hermit , probably harmless . Perhaps you do need help , but you cannot get it here . I have been the sole occupant of this hotel and this island for many years now . You have left others at the beach ? No , there 's only us . There are no survivors from the wreck ? No , it 's all rusted out . It must 've been there for years . It has a name ? Yeah , the Pro something . - Protious ? - Might be . Do you know it ? What about getting off the island ? I 've had enough of this ! If he 's gone , let 's get out of here . - Think you can find your way ? - You 're not coming ? Just where are you going to go from here ? Where 'd you find those ? There 's a whole room full of them upstairs . - Any sign of our friend ? - Not a sound in the place . - What time is it ? - Why ? Are you going someplace ? I haven 't been to bed this early since I was five years old . How can he just fall asleep like that ? He played very hard today . I know what you was goddamned gonna say . It ain 't hot now , right ? It ain 't hot now , so I can carry them goddamned cans back here . Hey , not so loud , will ya ? You 'll wake everybody . - I didn 't say anything . - Well you was gonna say it ! Shut up , will ya ? Least we can do is feed these people now and then . I 'm going , I 'm going . You don 't have to . One of us can do it . None of you can do nothing , that 's what it comes down to . Not that I 'm complaining , mind you . I 'm only doing my job . Is anyone there ? Who is it ? And now , you have found me . Wait a second . I was hoping you would give us some help . Of course . You must excuse the manners of an old man who has lived by himself for too many years . Not having people around , they have grown rusted with disuse . All we want is for you to tell us how we can get out of here . Yes . Yes , this is a most unfortunate time for your visit . You and your friends must leave immediately . Fine with me . How do we do it ? There is a boat , a small boat , but it can get you away from here . You 're only a sail of two days from the nearest inhabited island . If you hurry , the tide will be favorable . What 's the rush ? It is better if you do not know that , but I can tell you this . There is danger here , danger in the water . If you are quick , you can escape that danger . On the edge of the grounds is a path which leads to a small canal . There , you will find the boat . I believe it is still sea-worthy . Help me , will ya ? Come on , let 's get out of here . Look at this . Jesus . What is it ? It 's German . Symbol for the SS . SS ? What 's he doing with that ? Bet I know who to ask . Maybe we should ask them . I am here , gentlemen . Why is it you have not left ? Because of this . Where did you find it ? We found it in the hand of our cook when we pulled him out of the creek down there . He is dead ? Don 't you know ? Most sincerely , I do not . It seemed like he was drowned . Then I am afraid it is too late . - Too late for what ? - For any of us . You are , indeed , very stupid . I gave you a chance to save yourselves , but you have refused to take it . So be it . Now , it is too late . - Did you kill Dobbs ? - Yes , I killed him . And your captain , too , perhaps , but not in the way you think . It was indirect . What the hell is that supposed to mean ? You 're not making any sense . If you will not be so impatient , maybe I will have the opportunity to tell you . Well , try and make it fast . We are not alone on this island . So , those other two we saw are with you ? We Germans developed the perfect weapon , a soldier . He was capable of fighting under any conditions , adapting to any environment or climate , equally at home in the Russian winter or on the African desert . They were the most vicious and bloodthirsty of all the SS divisions . The group under my command was designed for the water , to man submarines which would never have to surface . This is nothing but a lot of double talk . We created the perfect soldier from cheap hoodlums and thugs and a good number of pathological murderers and sadists as well . We called them the Toten Corps , the Death Corps . Creatures more horrible than any you can imagine . Not dead , not alive , but somewhere in-between . They were transported to any scene of battle and let loose . But problems arose . They could not be controlled . Their innate desire for violence made their behavior unpredictable and erratic . There were even incidences when they attacked their own soldiers . So they were withdrawn for further study . Then the war was drawing to an end . I was ordered to remove my group from possible capture . I took them to sea just before all our ports were closed . We roamed the oceans for many weeks , waiting orders which never came . The war was lost . Somewhere near to this island , I sent the ship and her cargo to the bottom . And here I have been ever since in voluntary exile . That 's the ship ? The one out on the reef ? And now , she has returned . You mean to tell us , these things have been underwater all these years ? What kind of story is this ? You gonna believe this stuff ? You may believe what you wish . What you do now is no longer any concern of mine . I want you to leave . If I see any of you at all , I will shoot on sight . I think that 's pretty clear . Halt ! Halt ! Where do you think you 're going with them ? You don 't expect me to leave them , do you ? Don 't be an ass , Norman . There 's barely enough room on here for us ! When I want your opinion , I 'll ask for it . Are we taking you or the bags ? What is it ? Damn . Damn ! There 's a goddamn mud bank . We 'll have to push it across . Everyone out ! Rose ! Get in the boat . Steer the rudder . Keith ! Keith ! Are you crazy ? Let 's get the hell out of here ! Keith , we 're sailing ! Come about ! Come about ! What did you say ? Help me . Take her in . Beverly . Beverly . Where 's Beverly ? ! - I 'm sure she 's all right . - Well , where are they ? Beverly ! Beverly ! - Beverly ! Beverly ! - Norman ! Norman ! - Shut up ! - All right . All right , all right , all right . All right , let 's just think . Let 's just think . - No , let 's just keep moving . - Keep moving ? Where , where ? - We 'll go to the hotel . - To the hotel ? - Yes . Come on . - All right , all right , all right . Which way now ? This way . Norman . Norman , wait ! Norman ! Norman ! How 's everything down here ? All set ? Set as we 'll ever be . - Any sign of them ? - No , nothing . Beverly ? Where 's Chuck ? I don 't know . He just said he didn 't wanna come inside until he had to . I told you to stay inside . What are you doing up here anyway ? I thought maybe he had something up here that might help us . What 's the matter ? Nothing . I 'm coming . What is it now ? ! I don 't see what the percentage is of hiding in a refrigerator ! They hate the light , right ? When do you think you 're most likely to see them ? The refrigerator 's got walls two feet thick . I hope it 'll be enough . You 've got your nerve . We were all supposed to be in here before dark . You 've put us in danger ! Do you realize that ? What 's with him ? Beverly , it 's gonna be a long night for all of us . Everybody ready for lights out ? Chuck , do you feel all right ? Chuck , what 's the matter ? You 've got to let me out of here . Christ ! Not now . We can 't do it now . Just let me out . You don 't have to come . I can 't stay in here any longer . I didn 't want to come here . He came and got me . I thought it would be okay . Sometimes , I can control it , but this ... Please , let me out ! I 'll take my chances ! It 's too late ! They 'll find us . You 're gonna have to control it ! You all stay inside ! I can 't control it ! I don 't have any choice . Now ... now , get out of the way ! - Put that thing down ! - Are you insane ? ! If he fires that thing in here , we 'll all suffocate to death ! Let him go if he wants to ! If I open and close that door , one of them might hear it . - Then where will we be ? - Open the goddamn door ! - Open the door , please . - Open it , open it , open it ! All right , just let me look . Open it ! Open it ! Give me the flashlight ! Then we 'll be left with nothing but an oil lamp ! You don 't need it . I need all the help I can get out there , now let me have it ! My eyes ! Help me ! I can 't see ! - What is it ? - Boiler . Rose ? Keith ? Is that you ? Come on . Come on . The oars ! No ! I don 't know how long that dinghy floated around with me lying in it . All I can remember is the sound of the water slapping against the side . Then I heard the engine sound getting closer . That was when I realized I was still alive . I don 't know how long that dinghy floated around with me lying in it . All I can remember is the sound of the water slapping against the side . It 's only now , I remember any of it at all .
