 ( lN KLlNGONESE ) Tactical Visual Tactical , stand by on torpedoes . Ready ... Fire ! Evasive ! WOMAN ON RADIO : This is comm station Epsilon IX calling U.S.S. Columbia . Come in , Columbia . Respond , please . ( MAN RESPONDING ON RADIO ) WOMAN : This is Epsilon lX , Columbia . Am boosting output . How read you this ? ( MAN RESPONDING ON RADIO ) WOMAN : Scout Columbia NCC-621 , to rendezvous with Scout Revere NCC-595 on Stardate 741 1 .4 . Further orders will be relayed at that time , signed Commodore Probert to Starfleet . End of transmission . ( MAN CHATTERING ON RADIO ) COMPUTER VOICE : Intruder unidentified . believe Iuminescent cloud to be enormous power field surrounding alien vessel . Our sensor scans unable to penetrate . Imperial Klingon Cruiser Amar , continuing to attack . Our sensor drone is intercepting this on Quad L-14 . That 's within Klingon boundaries . Who are they fighting ? Unknown , sir . ( EXPLOSION ) I have an exterior visual . ( electric BOLTS firing ) ( EXCLAlMlNG in KLlNGONESE ) We 've plotted a course on that cloud , Commander . It will pass into Federation space fairly close to us . Heading ? Sir , it 's on a precise heading for Earth . ( lN VULCAN LANGUAGE ) Our ancestors cast out their animal passions here on these sands . Our race was saved by the attainment of Kolinahr . Kolinahr : through which all emotion is finally shed . ( FEMALE MASTER speaking ) You have labored long , Spock ... Now receive from us this symbol of total logic . Your thoughts ... give them to me . Our minds , Spock one and together This consciousness calling to you from space ... lt touches your human blood , Spock . You have not achieved Kolinahr . His answer lies elsewhere . He will not achieve his goal with us . Live long and prosper , Spock . Commander Sonak , you received your appointment as Enterprise science officer ? Based , I am told , on your recommendation , Admiral . - Thank you . - Then why aren 't you aboard ? Captain Decker requested I complete final science briefing here - before we leave on our mission . - Here ? At Starfleet ? SONAK : The Enterprise is in final preparation to leave dock . Which will require 20 more hours at minimum . kirk : Twelve . I 'm on my way to a meeting with Admiral Nogura which will not last more than three minutes . Report to me on the Enterprise in one hour . Report to you , sir ? It is my intention to be on that ship following that meeting . Report to me in one hour . ( indistinct chattering ) - Admiral ! - Mr . Scott . Those departure orders , 1 2 hours , Starfleet cannot be serious . Why aren 't the Enterprise transporters operating , Mr. Scott ? A wee problem , sir . Just temporary . Admiral , we have just finished 1 8 months redesigning and refitting the Enterprise . How in the name of hell do they expect me to have her ready in 1 2 hours ? Take me over , please . She needs more work , sir . A shakedown . Mr. Scott , an alien object of unbelievable destructive power is less than three days away from this planet . The only starship in interception range is the Enterprise . Ready or not , she launches in 1 2 hours . The crew haven 't had near enough transition time with all the new equipment . And the engines , they 're not even tested at warp power . And an untried captain . Two and a half years as chief of Starfleet operations may have made me a little stale , but I wouldn 't exactly consider myself untried . - They gave her back to me , Scotty . - " Gave " her back , sir ? Well , I doubt it was that easy with Nogura . ( lN scottish ACCENT ) You 're right . ( BOTH laughing ) Well , any man who could manage such a feat , I would not dare to disappoint . She 'll launch on time , sir . And she 'll be ready . - COMPUTER VOICE : Pod secured . - Thank you , Mr. Scott . Aye , sir . COMPUTER VOICE : Pressure equalized . COMPUTER VOICE : Attention , launch crew , a travel pod is now available at cargo six . - Permission to come aboard , sir . - Granted , sir . Welcome aboard , Admiral . Commander Scott , you 're needed in engineering immediately . Sir , you 'll excuse me . Attention , launch crew . A travel pod is now available at cargo six . travel pod available . Cargo six . - Sir , if you 'll follow me , I 'll show you ... - l think I can find my way , Ensign . Aye , sir . Bridge . ( ELEVATOR starting UP ) What 's the problem ? I thought you people had that circuit patched in an hour ago ! MAN 1 : We did . We had to disconnect it again so we could tie in radio messaging . WOMAN : All right . Take out ... ( CREW clamoring ) All right , as soon as somebody can get to it . - What 's the next program ? - MAN 2 : Go ahead . I 'll get somebody down there as soon as I can . Cleary , my people are all tied up now . Captain , Starfleet just signaled your transfer-of-command order , sir . ( clamoring STOPS ) - Captain . - kirk : I appreciate the welcome . I wish the circumstances were less critical . Epsilon lX is monitoring the intruder . Keep a channel open to them . Aye , sir . Where 's Captain Decker ? He 's in engineering , sir . He ... He doesn 't know . - Mr . Chekov . - Aye , sir . Assemble the crew on the recreation deck at 0400 hours . I want to show them what we 're facing . COMPUTER VOICE : Engineering to all decks , auxiliary power test in three minutes . SCOTTY : Check Cleary on number six . Engineering to all decks , auxiliary power test in three minutes . Mark . COMPUTER VOICE : Space matrix restoration coils . Dilithium crystals . I knew it ! The transporter sensor was not activated . Faulty modules . Cleary ! Put a new backup sensor into the unit . CLEARY : Aye , sir . MAN : Ready . WOMAN : Emergency shut-down trip . Admiral Kirk ! Well , we 're getting a top-brass sendoff . Don 't worry . She 'll launch on schedule , if we have to tow her out with our bare hands . - Right , Scotty ? - Aye , that we will , sir . - Let 's talk . - Sure . Let me know when that backup 's ready . SCOTTY : Aye , sir . All due respect , sir , I hope this isn 't some kind of Starfleet pep talk . I 'm really too busy . I 'm taking over the center seat , Will . You 're what ? I 'm replacing you as captain of the Enterprise . You 'll stay on as executive officer , temporary grade reduction to commander . You , personally , are assuming command ? Yeah . - May I ask why ? - My experience . Five years out there dealing with unknowns like this . My familiarity with the Enterprise , its crew . Admiral , this is an almost totally new Enterprise . You don 't know her a tenth as well as I do ! That 's why you 're staying aboard . I 'm sorry , Will . No , Admiral. I don 't think you 're sorry . Not one damn bit . I remember when you recommended me for this command . You told me how envious you were and how much you hoped you 'd find a way to get a starship command again . Well , sir , it looks like you found a way . Report to the bridge , Commander , immediately . Aye , sir . ( electricity ZAPPlNG ) ( ALARM sounding ) Transporter room , come in ! Urgent ! Red line on the transporter , Mr. Scott . Transporter ! Do not engage . - lt 's too late . They 're beaming now . - Do not ... RAND : Do you read me , Starfleet ? Override it . pull them back . MAN ON RADIO : unable to retrieve their pattern , Enterprise . ( electricity ZAPPlNG ) COMPUTER VOICE : malfunction ! malfunction ! malfunction ! - MaIfunction ! malfunction ! - Give it to me ! malfunction ! Starfleet , boost your matter gain . We need more signal . - More signal ! - We 're losing their pattern . Oh , no . They 're forming . ( WOMAN screaming ) Oh , my God . Starfleet , do you have them ? MAN ON radio : Enterprise , what we got back didn 't live long . Fortunately . Starfleet , Kirk . Please express my condolences to their families . Commander Sonak 's can be reached through the Vulcan Embassy . There was nothing you could have done , Rand . It wasn 't your fault . - Yeoman , turboshaft eight ? - Back that way , sir . We have to replace Commander Sonak . I 'd still like a Vulcan there , if possible . None available , Captain . In fact , there 's no one who 's fully rated on this design . You are , Mr. Decker . I 'm afraid you 're gonna have to double as science officer . ( ALL murmuring ) kirk : That 's all we know about it . Except that it is now 53.4 hours away from Earth . Enterprise is the only Federation starship that stands in its way . We assume that there is a vessel of some type at the heart of the cloud . Our orders are to intercept , investigate and take whatever action is necessary and possible . We can only hope that there is a life form aboard that vessel that reasons the way we do . ( lNTERCOM whistles ) WOMAN ON INTERCOM : Bridge to Captain . Priority signal from Epsilon lX . kirk : Put it on viewer . UHURA : On viewer , sir . Enterprise . The cloud is definitely a power field of some kind . Measures ... My God ! Over 82 aus in diameter . Must be something incredible inside there generating it . We 're transmitting linguacode friendship messages on all frequencies . No response . TECHNICIAN : I have a null reading at the center of the cloud . LIEUTENANT : Definitely something inside there , but all scans are being reflected back . Some kind of power surge . lieutenant : Receiving an odd pattern now ! Enterprise , they could be mistaking our scans as a hostile act . lieutenant : They seem to be reacting to our scans , sir . Deflectors , emergency full ! ( ALARM BLARING ) - We are under attack ! - External view . ( CREW EXCLAlMlNG ) ( CRACKLlNG ) Viewer off . Viewer off ! Pre-launch countdown will commence in 40 minutes . SCOTTY ON INTERCOM : Photon torpedo load status . Transporter system fully repaired and functioning normally , sir . Dock signals clear , Captain . Reply we are holding position awaiting final crew replacements . UHURA : Aye , sir . Transporter personnel reports the navigator , Lieutenant Ilia , she 's already aboard and en route to the bridge , sir . She 's Deltan , Captain . - Lieutenant Ilia reporting for duty , sir . - Welcome aboard , Lieutenant . - Hello , llia . - Decker . I was stationed on the lieutenant 's home planet some years ago . Commander Decker ? Yes , our exec and science officer . Captain Kirk has the utmost confidence in me . And , in you , too , Lieutenant . My oath of celibacy is on record , Captain . - May I assume my duties ? - By all means . UHURA : Captain ? Starfleet reports our last six crew members are ready to beam up , but one of them is refusing to step into the transporter . Oh ? I 'll see to it that he beams up . Transporter room . Well , for a man who swore he 'd never return to the Starfleet ... Just a moment , Captain , sir . I 'll explain what happened . Your revered Admiral Nogura invoked a little known , seldom used reserve activation clause . In simpler language , Captain , they drafted me . They didn 't . This was your idea . This was your idea , wasn 't it ? Bones , there 's a thing out there . Why is any object we don 't understand always called a " thing " ? Headed this way . I need you . Damn it , Bones. I need you . Badly ! Permission to come aboard ? RAND ON INTERCOM : Permission granted , sir . Well , Jim . I hear Chapel 's an MD now . Well , I 'm going to need a top nurse . Not a doctor who 'll argue every little diagnosis with me . And they probably redesigned the whole sickbay , too . I know engineers . They love to change things . Dock control reports ready , sir . - Helm ready , sir . - Orbital departure on plot , sir . Yard command signaling clear , sir . Maneuvering thrusters , Mr. Sulu . - Maneuvering thrusters , sir . - Hold station . Thrusters at station-keeping , sir . Thrusters ahead , Mr. Sulu . Take us out . Intermix set , bridge . Impulse power at your discretion . Impulse power , Mr. Sulu . Ahead warp 0.5 . - Departure angle on viewer . - SULU : Departure angle . - Viewer ahead . - Viewer ahead . KIRK : Captain 's Log , Stardate 7412.6 , 1 .8 hours from launch . In order to intercept the intruder at the earliest possible time , we must now risk engaging warp drive while still within the solar system . Captain , assuming we have full warp capability , accelerating to warp 7 on leaving the solar system will bring us to ip with the intruder in 20.1 hours . Science officer 's computation confirmed , sir . Well , Bones , do the new medical facilities meet with your approval ? They do not. lt 's like working in a damned computer center . Programming ready ? DECKER : Program set for standard warp entry , Captain , but I still recommend further simulation study . Mr. Decker , every minute brings that object closer to Earth . Engineering , stand by for warp drive . SCOTTY ON INTERCOM : Captain , we need further warp simulation on the flow sensors . Engineer , we need warp speed now . Jim ? You 're pushing . Your people know theirjobs . That 's it , sir. I can 't do any better . Aye , lad . It 's borderline on the simulator , Captain . I cannot guarantee that she 'll hold up . Warp drive , Mr. Scott . - Ahead , warp 1 , Mr. Sulu . - Accelerating to warp 1 , sir . Warp 0.7 . 0.8 . ( LOW humming ) Warp 1 , sir . Mr. Decker ... COMPUTER VOICE : Emergency alert ! Emergency alert ! Emergency alert ! Wormhole ! Get us back on impulse power ! Full reverse . Emergency alert ! Emergency alert ! ( CREW clamoring ) ( distorted chattering ) Negative helm control , Captain . Going reverse on impulse power ! Subspace frequencies jammed , sir ! Wormhole effect ! Negative control from inertial lag will continue 22.5 seconds before forward velocity slows to sub-light speed ! Ilia : Unidentified small object has been pulled into the wormhole with us , Captain , directly ahead ! Force fields up full . Put object on viewer . - Go manual override on helm ! - No manual response , sir . Navigational deflectors coming up , sir . Wormhole distortion has overloaded the main power systems . Ilia : Navigational deflectors inoperative , Captain . Directional control also inoperative . ( voices highly distorted ) Time to impact ? Twenty seconds . Mr. Chekov , stand by on phasers . No ! Belay that phaser order ! Arm photon torpedoes ! CHEKOV : Photon torpedoes armed ! Object is an asteroid , reading mass 0.7 . Targeting asteroid ! Ilia : lmpact in ten seconds . - impact in eight seconds . - Fire torpedoes ! Six ... - Torpedoes away ! - lLlA : ... seconds . Four ! ( WHlZZlNG STOPS ) ( CHEKOV EXHALES ) We 're out of it ! Helm control restored , sir . - Position report , Navigator . - Computing new intersection course . Communications are normal , sir . Negative damage reported , Captain . No casualties reported , Doctor . Wrong , Mr. Chekov , there are casualties . My wits ! As in " frightened out of , " Captain , sir . We 're at warp 0.8 . Engineer , report your status there . In just a second , Exec . We 're picking up the pieces down here ! Mr. Scott , we need warp drive as soon as possible . Captain , it was the engine imbalance that created the wormhole in the first place . It will happen again if we don 't correct it . That object is less than two days away from Earth . We need to intercept while it still is out there . Navigator , lay in a new heading to conform with our initial ip with the intruder . Mr. Sulu , you have the conn . Mr. Decker , I 'd like to see you in my quarters . Mind if I tag along , Captain ? Level five . All right , explanation . Why was my phaser order countermanded ? Sir , the Enterprise redesign increases phaser power by channeling it through the main engines . When they went into anti-matter imbalance , the phasers were automatically cut off . Then you acted properly , of course . Thank you , sir . I 'm sorry if I embarrassed you . - You saved the ship . - l 'm aware of that , sir . Stop competing with me , Decker ! - Permission to speak freely , sir ? - Granted ! Sir , you haven 't logged a single star hour in two and a half years . That , plus your unfamiliarity with the ship 's redesign , in my opinion , sir , seriously jeopardizes this mission . I trust you will nursemaid me through these difficulties , mister ? Yes , sir , I 'll do that . Then I won 't keep you from your duties any longer , Commander . - Yes , Doctor ? - Aye , sir . He may be right , Jim . Was it difficult ? No more than I expected . About as difficult as seeing you again . I 'm sorry . That you left Delta iv ? Or that you didn 't even say goodbye ? If I had seen you again , would you have been able to say it ? No . Make your point , Doctor . The point , Captain , is that it 's you who 's competing . You rammed getting this command down Starfleet 's throat . You 've used this emergency to get the Enterprise back . And I intend to keep her , is that what you 're saying ? Yes. lt 's an obsession . An obsession that can blind you to far more immediate and critical responsibilities . Your reaction to Decker is an example , Jim . - UHURA : Bridge to Captain . - Viewer on . signal from a Federation-registered long-range shuttle , sir . She wishes to come alongside and lock on . For what purpose ? My security scan shows it has a Grade 1 priority , Captain . Non-belligerency confirmed . I suspect it is a courier of some kind . Very well , Mr. Chekov . See to it . Viewer off . Your opinion has been noted . Anything further ? That depends on you . COMPUTER VOICE : Security scan . One boarder . Identity , Starfleet . Inactive . Permission to come aboard , sir . Granted , sir ! Granted . ( UHURA GASPS ) - SULU : Why , why , it 's Mr ... - Spock ! Spock . Commander , if I may ? ( STUTTERS ) Oh ! I 've been monitoring your communications with Starfleet Command , Captain . I 'm aware of your engine design difficulties . I offer my services as science officer . With all due respect , Commander . If our exec has no objections ? Of course not. I 'm well aware of Mr. Spock 's qualifications . Mr. Chekov , log Mr. Spock 's Starfleet commission reactivated , list him as science officer , both effective immediately . Mr. Spock ! Well , so help me , I 'm actually pleased to see you ! UHURA : It 's how we all feel , Mr. Spock . Captain , with your permission , I will now discuss these fuel equations with the engineer . Mr. Spock ? Welcome aboard . KIRK : Captain 's Log , Stardate 7413.4 . Thanks to Mr. Spock 's timely arrival , and assistance , we have the engines rebalanced into full warp capacity . Repair time , less than three hours . Which means , we will now be able to intercept intruder while still more than a day from Earth . Warp 0.8 . ( enterprise engines humming ) 0.9 . Warp 2 , sir . Warp 3 . ( HlGH-PlTCHED humming ) Warp 4 . Warp 5 . Warp 6 . Science Officer Spock , reporting as ordered , Captain . Please , sit down . Spock , you haven 't changed a bit . You 're just as warm and sociable as ever . Nor have you , Doctor , as your continued predilection for irrelevancy demonstrates . Gentlemen . At last report , you were on Vulcan , apparently to stay . Yes , you were undergoing the Kolinahr discipline . Sit down . If you are referring to the Kolinahr , Doctor , you are correct . Well , however it 's pronounced , Mr. Spock , it 's the Vulcan ritual that 's supposed to purge all remaining emotions . The Kolinahr is also a discipline you broke to join us . Will you please sit down ? On Vulcan I began sensing a consciousness from a source more powerful than I have ever encountered . Thought patterns of exactingly , perfect order . I believe they emanate from the intruder . I believe it may hold my answers . Well , isn 't it lucky for you that we just happened to be heading your way ? Bones ! We need him . I need him . Then my presence is to our mutual advantage ? Any thought patterns you might sense , whether they appear to affect you personally or not , I expect immediately reported . SPOCK : Of course , Captain . is there anything else ? No . McCOY : Jim ? If this super-intelligence is as important to him as he says it is , how do we know ... That he wouldn 't put his own interests ahead of the ship 's ? I could never believe that . UHURA : Bridge to officer 's lounge . Captain Kirk , revised estimate on cloud visual contact , 3.7 minutes . COMPUTER VOICE : Red alert ! Red alert ! ( ALARM blaring ) Red alert ! Red alert ! Standard light , Engineer . - Full mag on viewer ! - SULU : Full mag , sir . Linguacode ? Continuing friendship messages on all frequencies , sir . All decks and divisions confirmed . Status Red . - Captain , we are being scanned . - Do no return scan , Mr. Spock . It could be misinterpreted as hostility . Intruder scans emanating from the exact center of the cloud . Energy of a type never before encountered . There 's no response to friendship messages , sir . Shall I go to battle stations , sir ? Negative . We 'll take no provocative action . Recommend defensive posture , Captain . Screens and shields . No , Mr. Decker . That could also be misinterpreted as hostile . Cloud composition , Mr. Spock ? - Twelfth power energy field . - Twelfth power ? Captain , we 've seen what their weapons can do . Shouldn 't we take every possible precaution ? - Mr . Decker ... - Captain . I suspect there 's an object at the heart of that cloud . Mr. Decker , I will not provoke an attack . If that order isn 't clear enough for you ... Captain , as your exec , it 's my duty to point out alternatives . Yes , it is . I stand corrected . Five minutes to cloud boundary . Navigator , lay in a conic section flight path to the cloud center . Bring us parallel to whatever we find in there . - Mr . Sulu , tactical plot on viewer . - SULU : Tactical on viewer , sir . That measures twelfth power energy ? Thousands of starships couldn 't generate that much ... Mr. Spock ? kirk : Spock , tell me . I sense puzzlement . We have been contacted . Why have we not replied ? Contacted ? How ? ( ALARM sounding ) Standard on viewer . Force fields up full ! Deflectors , now ! COMPUTER VOICE : Mark , zero. incoming fire ahead . Force fields and deflectors up full , Captain ! ( electric crackling ) Analysis , Mr. Spock . Alien weapon is a form of plasma energy , Captain . Exact composition , unknown . Guidance system , unknown . All decks brace for impact . ( LOUD crackling ) Registering power loss on force fields ! Engineering , what 's happening to our force fields ? Systems overloading , Captain ! ( screaming ) - Medic . - Medics are coming . ( CRACKLlNG STOPS ) The new screens held . Engineering to bridge . Cannot hold full power on force fields ! Deflector power is down 70 % ! Divert auxiliary power to deflectors . SPOCK : Captain . The intruder has been attempting to communicate . Our previous transmission mode was too primitive to be received . I am now programming our computer to transmit linguacode at their frequency and rate of speed . Commander . Spock . SPOCK : Here it comes ! Engineering ! Status report ! Our shields cannot handle another attack . Mr. Spock ! Ilia : lmpact in 20 seconds . kirk : Spock ! Ilia : 1 5 seconds ! Spock ! Transmit now ! Ilia : 1 0 seconds . Transmitting . It would seem our friendship messages have been received and understood , Mr. Spock . I would say that was a logical assumption , Captain . - kirk : Mr. Sulu , hold present position . - Holding present position , sir . Tactical plot on viewer . SULU : Course projection on tactical , sir . - Opinion , Mr. Spock . - Recommend we proceed , Captain . - Mr . Decker ? - l advise caution , Captain . We can 't withstand another attack . That thing is 20 hours away from Earth . - We know nothing about it as yet . - Precisely the point , Captain . We don 't know what it 'll do . Moving into that cloud at this time is an unwarranted gamble . How do you define " unwarranted " ? You asked my opinion , sir . Viewer , standard ahead . ( EXHALES ) Navigator , maintain course . Helmsman , steady as she goes . No vessel could generate a power field of this magnitude . Spock ? Instruments fluctuating , Captain . Patterns unrecognizable . Transmit image of alien to Starfleet . Advise we are attempting further communication . Unable to make contact with Starfleet , Captain . Any attempt to transmit out of the cloud is being reflected back ! SULU : We are closing on it rapidly , Captain . Reduce magnification , factor four , Mr. Sulu . We 're already two settings below that , sir . Mr. Sulu , bring us into a parallel course over the alien at 500 meters . 500 meters ? Then take us out to 1 00 kilometers distance , adjusting parallel course . Aye , sir . kirk : Viewer astern . SULU : Reverse angle on the viewer , Captain . Five hundred meters . Viewer ahead , sir . Hold relative position here . COMPUTER VOICE : Intruder alert ! Intruder alert ! ( ALARM sounding ) Intruder alert ! Intruder alert ! Intruder alert ! Intruder alert ! ( SHRlLL TONE ) Mr. Spock , can that be one of their crew ? A probe from their vessel , Captain . Plasma , energy combination . Don 't interfere with it ! Absolutely , I will not interfere . No one interfere ! It doesn 't seem interested in us ! Only the ship . Computer off ! It 's taken control of the computer . It 's running our records ! Earth defenses ! Starfleet strength ! ( SPOCK SCREAMS ) DECKER : Ilia ! Ilia ! This is how I define unwarranted . Activate auxiliary computer circuits through manual shutoff . COMPUTER VOICE : Emergency alert ! Negative control at helm ! ( ALARM sounding ) Emergency Alert ! Negative control at helm ! Emergency Alert ! Negative control at helm ! Force fields ! Full remaining strength ! Total reserve ! This ship is under attack . Man all defensive stations . ( V 'GER HUMMING ) Captain , we 've been seized by a tractor beam . Get someone up here to take the navigator 's station . - Engineering ! - Chief DiFalco , to the bridge ! Emergency power ! Going to full emergency ! But , Captain , if we don 't break free in 1 5 seconds , she 'll burn up ! We cannot break free , Captain . We have only a fraction of the power necessary . Engineering , belay that order . Disengage all main drive systems . Chief DiFalco , take over Lieutenant Ilia 's station . DiFalco , disengage engine navigation relays now ! DiFALCO : Aye , sir . technician : Force field circuits E 1 0 through 14 show ready for reactivation . Confirm , please . kirk : Scotty , drive systems should be free now . Commander ? Ready to launch remote communications drone with complete ships records , including our present situation , sir . Delay launching as long as possible . Our drone can 't escape as long as we 're held in that tractor . Aye . Captain , a maximum phaser strike directly at the beam might weaken it just enough for us to break free . Break free to where , Commander ? Any show of resistance would be futile , Captain . We don 't know that , Mr. Spock . Why are you opposed to trying ? Why bring us inside ? Not to destroy us . They could have done that outside . They still can . Curiosity , Mr. Decker . Insatiable curiosity . Captain , photic sonar readings indicate the aperture is closing . We 're trapped , sir . SULU : Reverse angle on the viewer , Captain . Tractor beam has released us , Captain . Confirmed . Vessel is floating free . No forward momentum . - Viewer ahead . - Viewer ahead , sir . Maneuvering thrusters , Mr. Sulu . Ahead one third . SULU : Thrusters ahead , one third . Let 's take a look . Full sensor scan , Mr. Spock . They can 't expect us not to look them over now . Now that we 're looking down their throat . Right . Now that we 've got them just where they want us . SULU : It 's closing up . Hold position . Thrusters at station-keeping , sir . SPOCK : Captain ? All our scans are being reflected back . Sensors are useless . Damn ! What do you make of all this ? SPOCK : I believe the closed orifice leads to another chamber . Undoubtedly , part of the vessel 's inner mechanism . I suspect it may be necessary ... COMPUTER VOICE : Intruder alert ! Intruder alert ! Deck five , Captain . Officer 's quarters . Have Security meet me at deck five ! Main elevator ! Spock ! Mr. Decker , you have the conn . - Hold position . - Intruder location , a sonic shower . Temperature at intruder location , temperature drop rapid now . 60 degrees . 50 degrees . Temperature curve flattening . 45 degrees . 40 degrees . Temperature leveling , 39 degrees . ( distorted ) You are the Kirk-unit . You will assist me . Holding at 37.65 degrees . I 've been programmed by V 'Ger to observe and record normal functions of the carbon-based units infesting U.S.S. Enterprise . Holding at 37.65 degrees . - Jim , what 's going on ? - Tricorder . Who is V 'Ger ? V 'Ger is that which programmed me . is V 'Ger the name of the captain of the alien vessel ? - Jim , this is a mechanism . - SPOCK : A probe , Captain . No doubt a sensor-transceiver combination recording everything we say and do . - Where is Lieutenant Ilia ? - That unit no longer functions . I 've been given its form to more readily communicate with the carbon-based units infesting Enterprise . - Carbon-based units ? - Humans , Ensign Perez . Us . Why does V 'Ger travel to the third planet of the solar system directly ahead ? To find the Creator . Find the Creator ? Whose ... What does V 'Ger want with the Creator ? To join with him . To join with the Creator ? How ? V 'Ger and the Creator will become one . And who is the Creator ? The Creator is that which created V 'Ger . - Who is V 'Ger ? - V 'Ger is that which seeks the Creator . I 'm ready to commence my observations . Doctor , a thorough examination of this probe might provide some insight into those who manufactured it and how to deal with them . Fine . Let 's get her to sickbay . I am programmed to observe and record only the normal functioning of the carbon-based units . The examination is a normal function . You may proceed . McCOY : Micro-miniature hydraulics , sensors and molecule-sized multi-processor chips . And take a look at this . An osmotic micro-pump right here . ( PUMPING ) And even the smallest body functions are exactly duplicated . Every exocrine system is the same , too . Even eye moisture . Decker . Fascinating . Not " Decker-unit " ? Gentlemen . Will . What happened to her ? Captain , this probe may be our key to the aliens . Probe ? " llia " ? Exactly. lt is a programmed mechanism , Commander . Its body duplicates our navigator in precise detail . Suppose that beneath its programming , the real Ilia 's memory patterns are duplicated with equal precision . - They had a pattern to follow . - indeed . They may have followed it too precisely . Ilia 's memory , her feelings of loyalty , obedience , friendship might all be there ! SPOCK : You did have a relationship with Lieutenant Ilia , Commander . That probe , in another form , is what killed Ilia ! Commander ! Will , we 're locked in an alien vessel , six hours from Earth orbit . Our only contact with our captor is that probe . If we could control it , persuade it , use it ... I have recorded enough here . You will now assist me further . The Decker-unit can assist you with much greater efficiency . Carry on with your assignment , Mr. Decker . Aye , sir . I am concerned with that being our only source of information , Captain . KIRK : Captain 's Log , Stardate 7414.1 . Our best estimates place us some four hours from Earth . No significant progress thus far , reviving Ilia memory patterns within the alien probe . This remains our only means of contact with our captor . AII those vessels were called Enterprise . The carbon units use this area for recreation . ( BIRD CHIRPING ON SPEAKERS ) This is one of the games . What types of recreation does the crew aboard your vessel enjoy ? The words " recreation " and " enjoy " have no meaning to my programming . Ilia enjoyed this game . She nearly always won . McCOY : Good . He 's using audio-visual association . This device serves no purpose . Why does Enterprise require the presence of carbon units ? Enterprise would be unable to function without carbon units . More data concerning this functioning is necessary , before carbon units can be patterned for data storage . What does that mean ? When my examination is complete all carbon units will be reduced to data patterns . Within you are the memory patterns of a certain carbon unit . If I can help you to revive those patterns , you could understand our functions better . That is logical . You may proceed . CHAPEL : I remember Lieutenant Ilia once mentioning she wore that . On Delta . Remember ? CHAPEL : Ilia ? Doctor Chapel . - Will ? - llia . McCOY : Commander . Commander . This is a mechanism . Ilia , help us make direct contact with V 'Ger . - l cannot . - This Creator V 'Ger is looking for , - what is it ? - V 'Ger does not know . Computer , commence recording . Captain Kirk , these messages will detail my attempt to contact the aliens . COMPUTER VOICE : Warning ! Your emergency evacuation thruster pack has been armed . ( device BEEPlNG ) Once ignited , the burn duration is 10 seconds and may not be aborted . Push the igniter-enable release to begin a 10-second countdown to thruster ignition . To abort countdown , flip the control arm up . I intend to calculate thruster ignition and acceleration rate to coincide with the opening of the V 'Ger orifice . This should facilitate a better view of the interior of the alien spacecraft . Captain ? Starfleet signals are growing in strength , sir . They still have the intruder on their monitors. lt 's decelerating . Confirmed , sir . Lunar beacons indicate intruder on a course into Earth orbit . Sir , airlock four has been opened . A thruster suit is reported missing . A thruster suit ? That 's Spock . Damn him . Bring him back here . No , wait ! - Get a fix on his position . - Aye , sir ! ( THRUSTERS roaring ) I have successfully penetrated the next chamber of the alien 's interior , and I 'm witnessing some sort of dimensional image , which I believe to be a representation of V 'Ger 's home planet . I 'm passing through a connecting tunnel . Apparently , a kind of plasma energy conduit , possibly a field coil for a gigantic imaging system . Curious. I 'm seeing images of planets , moons , stars , whole galaxies , all stored here , recorded . It could be a representation of V 'Ger 's entire journey . But who or what are we dealing with ? The Epsilon lX station , stored here with every detail . Captain , I am now quite convinced that all of this is V 'Ger . That we are inside a living machine . Ilia ! The sensor must contain some special meaning . I must try to mind-meld with it . ( screaming ) Spock ! Spock ! Spock ! Now scanning pons area at spinal nerve fiber connection . Indications of some neurological trauma . The power pouring through that mind-meld must have been staggering . ( SPOCK chuckling ) - Spock . - Jim , I should have known . Were you right ? About V 'Ger ? A life form of its own . - A conscious , living entity . - CHAPEL : A living machine ? It considers the Enterprise a living machine . That 's why the probe refers to our ship as an entity . I saw V 'Ger 's planet , a planet populated by living machines . Unbelievable technology . V 'Ger has knowledge that spans this universe . And yet , with all its pure logic , V 'Ger is barren , cold . No mystery . No beauty . I should 've known . Known ? Known what ? Spock . - McCOY : Captain . - Bones ! Spock ! What should you have known ? What should you have known ? Jim , this simple feeling is beyond V 'Ger 's comprehension . No meaning . No hope . And Jim , no answers . - lt 's asking questions . - What questions ? " ls this all that I am ? " " ls there nothing more ? " UHURA : Bridge to Captain . Kirk here . A faint signal from Starfleet , sir . Intruder cloud has been located on their outer monitors for the past 27 minutes . Cloud dissipating rapidly as it approaches . Starfleet reports forward velocity has slowed to sub-warp speed . - We are three minutes from Earth orbit . - l 'll be right there . I need Spock on the bridge . Dalaphaline , five cc 's . A machine planet sending a machine to Earth , looking for its Creator . It 's absolutely incredible . Mr. Chekov , Commander Decker 's present location ? CHEKOV : He ... They are in engineering , sir . UHURA : Captain , Starfleet is sending this tactical on V 'Ger 's position . V 'Ger is transmitting a signal . - Jim . - From V 'Ger . V 'Ger signals the Creator . kirk : Spock ? A simple binary code transmitted by carrier wave signal . Radio . Radio ? Jim , V 'Ger expects an answer . An answer ? I don 't know the question . The Creator has not responded . All planetary defense systems have just gone inoperative ! Sir , Starfleet computes the devices are proceeding toward equidistant positions , orbiting the planet . They 're the same things that hit us . SPOCK : They are hundreds of times more powerful , Captain . From those positions , they could devastate the entire surface of the planet . - Why ? - The Creator has not answered . The carbon-unit infestation is to be removed from the Creator 's planet . - Why ? - You infest Enterprise . You interfere with the Creator in the same manner . Machine . V 'Ger . V 'Ger ! Captain . V 'Ger is a child . I suggest you treat her as such . - A child ? - Yes , Captain . A child . Evolving , learning , searching , instinctively needing . Needing what ? Spock , this child is about to wipe out every living thing on Earth . Now what do you suggest we do ? Spank it ? It knows only that it needs , Commander , but like so many of us , it does not know what . The carbon units know why the Creator has not responded . Disclose the information . Not until V 'Ger withdraws the devices orbiting the third planet ! UHURA : Captain ! I 'm losing Starfleet ! lnterference from V 'Ger ! Kirk-unit , disclose the information . Why has the Creator not responded ? No . Secure all stations . Clear the bridge . ( LOUD BANG ) SULU : Clear the bridge , Captain ? That was the order , Mr. Sulu . Clear the bridge ! SULU : Aye , sir . Your child is having a tantrum , Mr. Spock . V 'Ger requires the information . Bridge ! Secure all stations ! Move out ! Jim , what the hell kind of strategy is this ? DECKER : All ship 's functions going to automatic , Captain . If V 'Ger destroys the Enterprise , the information that V 'Ger requires will also be destroyed ! It is illogical to withhold required information . Kirk-unit ! Kirk-unit . Why do you not disclose information ? Because V 'Ger 's going to destroy all the carbon units on the third planet . - They have repressed the Creator . - The information will not be disclosed ! V 'Ger needs the information . Then V 'Ger must withdraw all the orbiting devices . V 'Ger will comply , if the carbon units will disclose the information . It learns fast , doesn 't it ? Captain , the vessel , V 'Ger , obviously operates from a central brain complex . The orbiting devices would be controlled from that point then ? Precisely . The carbon unit 's information cannot be disclosed to V 'Ger 's probe , but only to V 'Ger directly . - Forward motion , Captain . - Tractor beam . Captain , what 's the next move ? The question is , Mr. Decker , is there a next move ? Resume duty stations . All personnel , resume stations ! Well , Mr. Decker , it seems my bluff has been called . I 'm afraid our hand is pretty weak , Captain . Mr. Chekov , when do those devices reach final position ? Twenty-seven minutes . Mark ! Captain , I believe that is our destination . Forward motion , slowing , Captain . I read an oxygen-gravity envelope forming outside the Enterprise . Forward motion , stopped , Captain . V 'Ger . Sir , I 've located the source of V 'Ger 's radio signal . It 's directly ahead . That transmitter is a vital link between V 'Ger and its Creator . The carbon units will now provide V 'Ger with the required information . Mr. Spock ? Bones ? Mr. Decker , I will contact you every five minutes . Captain , I 'd like to go along . Mr. Sulu , you have the conn . ( PLASMA RAYS clapping ) V 'Ger . V-G-E-R . V 'Ger . V-O-Y-A-G-E-R . Voyager ! Voyager Vl ! DECKER : NASA . National Aeronautics and Space Administration . Jim , this was launched more than 300 years ago . Voyager series , designed to collect data and transmit it back to Earth . ( electronic warping ) ( WARPlNG STOPS ) Captain , Voyager Vl disappeared into what they used to call a black hole . It must have emerged on the far side of the galaxy and fell into the machine planet 's gravitational field . The machine inhabitants found it to be one of their own kind . Primitive , yet kindred . They discovered its simple 20th-century programming . " Collect all data possible . " " Learn all that is learnable . " - Return that information to its Creator . - SPOCK : Precisely , Mr. Decker . The machines interpreted it literally . They built this entire vessel so that Voyager could actually fulfill its programming . And on its journey back , it amassed so much knowledge , it achieved consciousness itself . It became a living thing . ( electronic warping ) Kirk-unit . V 'Ger awaits the information . Enterprise , order up the ship 's computer library of records on the late 20th century NASA probe , Voyager Vl . specifically , we want the old NASA code signal that instructs the probe to transmit its data . - And fast , Uhura , fast ! - UHURA : Aye , sir . That 's what it 's been signaling ! Its readiness to transmit its information ! And there 's no one on Earth who could recognize the old signal and send a response . " The Creator does not answer . " ( V 'GER communicating ) ( electric crackling ) kirk : V 'Ger . V 'Ger . V 'Ger ! We are the Creator . That is not logical . Carbon units are not true life forms . kirk : We will prove it . We will make it possible for you to complete your programming . Only the Creator could accomplish that . Enterprise . We have just received the response code , Captain . Set the Enterprise transmitter on appropriate frequency and transmit the code now ! UHURA : Transmitting . 5-0-4 , 3-2-9 , ( transmitter BEEPlNG ) 3-1 - 7 , 5-1 - 0 , and the final sequence ... That should trigger Voyager 's transmitter . ( electricity crackling ) ( electronic warping ) Voyager is not transmitting its data , Captain . The Creator must join with V 'Ger . Uhura ! Repeat the final sequence . ( LOUD warping ) The Creator must join with V 'Ger . Voyager is not transmitting , Captain , because it did not receive the final sequence . Jim ! We 're down to 1 0 minutes . Enterprise , stand by . - The antenna leads are melted away . - Yes , Captain , just now . - By V 'Ger itself . - Why ? To prevent reception . Of course , to bring the Creator here to finish transmitting the code in person . To touch the Creator . Capture God ? V 'Ger 's liable to be in for one hell of a disappointment . Perhaps not , Doctor . ( LOUD thumping ) Captain . V 'Ger must evolve . Its knowledge has reached the limits of this universe and it must evolve . What it requires of its God , Doctor , is the answer to its question , " ls there nothing more ? " What more is there than the universe , Spock ? Other dimensions , higher levels of being . SPOCK : The existence of which cannot be proven logically . Therefore , V 'Ger is incapable of believing in them . What V 'Ger needs in order to evolve is a human quality , our capacity to leap beyond logic . And joining with its Creator might accomplish that . McCOY : You mean , this machine wants to physically join with a human ? is that possible ? Let 's find out . ( electricity crackling ) ( kirk GROANS ) - Decker ! - l 'm going to key the final sequence through the ground test computer . Decker , you don 't know what that 'll do to you ! Yes , I do , Doctor ! Decker , don 't ! Jim , I want this . As much as you wanted the Enterprise , I want this . ( electric warping ) SULU : Captain . Spock , did we just see the beginning of a new life form ? Yes , Captain . We witnessed a birth . - Possibly , a next step in our evolution . - l wonder . Well , it 's been a long time since I delivered a baby , and I hope we got this one off to a good start . I hope so , too . I think we gave it the ability to create its own sense of purpose out of our own human weaknesses and the drive that compels us to overcome . And a lot of foolish human emotions , right , Mr. Spock ? Quite true , Doctor . Unfortunately , it will have to deal with them as well . Interrogative from Starfleet . They 're requesting damage and injury reports and complete vessel status . kirk : Report two casualties . Lieutenant Ilia . Captain Decker . - UHURA : Aye , sir . - Correction . They 're not casualties . They are ... List them as missing . - Vessel status , fully operational . - UHURA : Aye , sir . Mr. Scott ! Shall we give the Enterprise a proper shakedown ? I would say it 's time for that , sir . Aye . We can have you back on Vulcan in four days , Mr. Spock . Unnecessary , Mr. Scott . My task on Vulcan is completed . - Mr . Sulu , ahead warp 1 . - SULU : Warp 1 , sir . UHURA : Heading , sir ? Out there . Thataway .
