 NARRATOR : There are those who believe that life here began out there , far across the universe , with tribes of humans who may have been the forefathers of the Egyptians or the Toltecs , or the Mayans , that they may have been the architects of the great pyramids , or the lost civilizations of Lemuria or At / antis . Some believe that there may yet be brothers of man who even now fight to survive far , far away amongst the stars . Noble delegates , I realize you 're all anxious to get back to your ships before our rendezvous with the Cylons . But I think it appropriate to toast the most significant event in the history of mankind . I would like to raise my chalice to you , not merely as the Quorum of 12 , representing the 12 Colonies of man , but as my friends , the greatest leaders ever assembled . As we approach the seventh millennium of time , the human race at last will find peace , thanks to you . ALL : To peace . Starbuck , he 's coming . What are you going to say ? Zac , nowjust calm down . Why are you so nervous ? He still thinks of me as his little brother . Yeah , well , you 're acting like one . Now , listen , it 's just a routine patrol . Why is it so important to you ? Because it is . Look , I 'm a Warrior . I earned that . I want to prove that to him . I know , Zac , but this may not be the best time . It 's a peace envoy ! What possible trouble could there be ? That 's not the point . Starbuck , you promised . I know . Hey , Starbuck , what are you doing ? We 're going on patrol . Uh ... He can 't make it . Starbuck 's not feeling well . Oh ? Yeah , well , it 's , um ... Well , that 's kind of short notice , I mean , with everybody not wanting to go on this patrol . Everybody wants to celebrate the armistice . I wonder who I 'm gonna be able to find . Uh ... Yes , Zac , you have a suggestion ? Oh , come on , I 've studied the coordinates from here to the Cylon capital . MY Ship 's ready to go ! Well , that 's lucky . Isn 't it , Starbuck ? Yeah , that 's a real stroke of luck . Well , I guess you 're just gonna have to pull Starbuck 's patrol with me . ( SCREAMING ) WOW ! Were we ever like that ? I don 't know . I can 't remember that far back . Listen , maybe I ought to go along . No , he 's gonna be just fine . I mean , it 's not as if we 're at war , right ? See you later . Take care of the stomach . Yeah , I will . Section 12 , launch bay Alpha , stand by to launch fighter probe . Acknowledge input . Recorded and functioning . WOMAN : Vector coordinates coded and transferred . Acknowledge . Acknowledged . Ready to launch . Core systems transferring control to probe craft . Launch when ready . You forget how different it is out here . This is nothing . When the war is officially over , we may be able to get back to deep star exploration . That 's the challenge , Zac . Let 's roll over and take a look at Lianus Vector . Baltar , my friend , this armistice conference would not have been possible without your tireless work . You have secured for yourself a place in the history books . That the Cylons chose me as their liaison to the Quorum of the 12 was an act of providence , notskHL I see the party is not a huge success with all my children . What awaits us out there is what troubles me . Surely you don 't cling to your suspicions about the Cylons ? They asked for this armistice . They want peace . Forgive me , Mr. President , but they hate us with every fiber of their existence . We love freedom . We love independence , to feel , to question , to resist oppression . To them , it 's an alien way of existing they will never accept . But they have , through Baltar . They have sued for peace . Yes . Of course , you 're right . Apollo , two targets on my scanner just above the old moon Cimtar . It could be a storm . I think we 'll be coming right through it . Look , you hold positions and cover me while I take a look . Let me get my turbos . APOLLO : Well , look at that . ZAC : What is it ? I 'll tell you in a flash . Warbook says a Cylon tanker . Scanner reads it 's empty . Apollo , I have a funny feeling about this . Well , we came to look . There 's the other ship tucked in nice and neat . I wonder what she 's doing . I can 't read anything inside . She 's jamming us . Warbook says she 's a freighter . My foot . If she 's jamming us , she 's hiding something . I 'm going around her . Nothing but a harmless mist . Not heavy at all . I don 't see why they 'd send up all that electronic jamming . Let 's get out of here . Why ? I 'll explain later . Colonial Viper in quadrant . Intercepting . I see what you mean . It 's an ambush . And they 've got enough firepower to destroy the entire fleet . APOLLO : They 're jamming our transmission . We 're not gonna make it giving them our backs . How many of them can you make out ? Four . When I hit three , hit your reverse thrusters and maximum braking f / aps . We ' l / give them a little surprise . One , two , three . Turbos , full forward thrust . Now . Right here , you creeps . Hey , not bad , little brother . Okay , you go after the guys on the right . Yahoo ! Apollo , I 'll get this one . Zac , look out ! Behind you ! ZAC : I can 't lose him ! He 's right on my tail ! Hang on , I 'm coming . Steady . Hurry , Apollo ! Steady . Nice shooting , but they hit my high engine . That 's okay , little brother . We got all of ' em . APOLLO : The day those guys can outfight us by a 10-to-one margin ... Apollo , better look at your scanner . But 1,000-to-one , that 's not fair . ZAC : What 's it mean ? It means there isn 't going to be any peace . There may not be much of anything if we don 't warn the fleet . ( ENGINE FALTERING ) Do it . I 'm short an engine . You know / won 't be able to keep up with you . Zac , I 'm not going to leave you . You have to . I 'm putting my foot in the turbo . I 'll make it back ahead of them . Now go on . You 've got to warn the fleet . I 'll be all right . You can fly with me any time , little brother . Good luck . Galactica Control , this is Commander Adama returning from Atlantia . Request permission to land . WOMAN : Permission granted . Something 's wrong . What is it ? I don 't know . They just put the ship on alert . WOMAN : At / antia , this is Galactica Core Control . Request assistance in communicating ... What 's been happening ? Our patrol ran into trouble . We picked up some signals , but they 're being jammed . It could be smugglers , or pirates , or ... Get me the President , please . Mr. President , our patrol is under attack . We don 't know by whom . As a precautionary measure , I would like to launch intercept fighters . I should think that 's highly inadvisable in view of the delicacy of our situation . Quite right , Baltar . Commander , as a precautionary measure , I insist upon restraint . If this turns out to be an encounter with some out / aw traffic , we could jeopardize the whole cause of peace by displaying fighters when we are so close to our rendezvous . Mr. President , two of my starfighters are under armed attack . By forces unknown . You are not to launch until the situation is more clear . Sir , may I at least urge you to bring the fleet to a state of alert ? I will consider that . Thank you , Commander . He 'll consider it ? He 'll consider it ? It 's all right . I 'm sorry , Commander . It 's just that ... Well ... Well , what ? The patrol is under the Command of Captain Apollo . Well , if I can 't have Confidence in my first-born son , whom can I depend upon ? Commander , Zac is with him . It 's his first patrol . Thank you . ( ENGINE FALTERING ) Come on , baby . Give me all you got . Still no word from our fighters , sir . Their transmission is being deliberatelyjammed . If we don 't launch ... We cannot launch . It 's been expressly forbidden . However ... This might be a very good time for battle stations drill . Sound the alert , Colonel . Yes , sir . You may never see another one , fellows . A perfect pyramid . Unless there 's a better hand , the pot 's mine . ( ALARM BLARING ) Wait , wait ! Wait , wait , wait ! Come back ! Duty calls ! MAN : Let 's go ! Sir , our long-range scanner shows a large number of ships headed this way at high speed . WOMAN : A single patrol craft is approaching , Commander . Get that pilot up here as soon as he lands . Get me the President . Yes , sir . What 's going on ? It 's nothing to worry about . Probably some kind of aerial salute for the President while he signs the armistice . Sure ruined a good card game . Commander ? Mr. President , a wall of unidentified craft is closing in on the fleet . Possibly a Cylon welcoming committee . Sir , may I suggest we launch a welcoming committee of our own ? Mr. President , there remain many hostile feelings amongst our Warriors . The likelihood of an unfortunate incident with all those pilots in the sky at once ... Commander ? Sir , did Count Baltar suggest that our forces sit here totally defenseless ? My friend , we are on a peace mission . The first peace man has known in 1,000 years . Stand by to attack . Come on , baby . Not much farther . Blue Flight Two , in trouble ! Request emergency approach . Mr. President ! Commander . One of our patrol ships is under attack from the main force approaching the fleet . Mr. President , your welcoming committee is firing at our patrol ! Ba / tar ? Ba / tar ? We made it . Patrol to fleet ! Patrol to fleet , I need help ! What was that ? That was my son , Mr. President . ( GASPS ) No . No . No . ( SOBBING ) Positive shield , now ! Launch fighters ! All batteries commence fire ! MAN : All fire control stations manned and Operational . WOMAN : Launch all remaining Vipers . Sir , they 're off . Fighters launched , sir . ADAMA : Were the other ships able to launch their fighters ? Negative , sir . Lord help us . MAN : Engineering reports laser hits on starboard engine . Cylons . It was an ambush . I had to leave Zac . He 's disabled . I 'd like to go back and lead him in . It won 't be possible . Father , I didn 't know what else to do ! If I don 't go back , he doesn 't stand a chance ! WOMAN : Atlantia to all battlestars , we are under attack . Repeat , under attack . Zac ? His ship was destroyed just short of the fleet . WOMAN : Transferring target scanners . .. MAN : Reduce speed to maintain position with Atlantia . Hey , heads up , Boomer . There 's a pair on your tail . Pull up , Boomer ! I 'll try to get him off . Nice shooting ! Captain , we have to know how many base ships we 're dealing with . No base ships . You must be mistaken , Captain . Fighters couldn 't function this far from Cylon without base ships . No base ships . They don 't carry enough fuel . Just fighters . Maybe 1,000 . How do you account for that , Apollo ? I don 't know . We picked up an empty tanker on our scanner . It 's my guess the Cylons used it to refuel for the attack after flying to that point from wherever their base ships are . Why operate this far from Cylon without base ships when it isn 't necessary ? They would have been well out of our range at the old moon . Unless it was necessary for them to be somewhere else . Get me the President ! Hey , Starbuck , it 's dangerous around here ! Mr. President , I request permission to leave the fleet . I have reason to suspect our home planets may face imminent attack . Maintain contact ! WOMAN : Fires out of ... Request Vipers ! How could I have been so completely wrong ? I have led the entire human race to ruin . Mr. President ? ( SCREAMING ) Group 3 , Vectors 1-7 and 2-8 . Arm and attack Atlantia . ( SCREAMING ) I got him on the left . I got him on the right . Atlantia Death Squadron , attack . Negative shield , now ! MAN : Back to your posts now . Oh , my God . Commander , our long-range scanners have picked up Cylon base ships at grids 0-3-5 , 1-2-6 and 2-5-8 . That puts them well within striking range of the planets Virgon , Sagitara and ... Yes , and Caprica . By your Command . Speak , Centurion . All base ships are now in range to attack the Colonies . The final annihilation of the life-form known as man . Let the attack begin . Helm , bring us around . We 're withdrawing . Flank speed for home . Commander , our long-range scanner picks up wave after wave of small ships headed towards all inner planets . ( ALL CLAMORING ) Boxey ! No ! Boxey ! Please , miss ! The building 's going to topple ! Everybody , run for cover ! Run ! Run ! Hurry , find cover ! Get out of here ! Stay down here ! No ! No ! ( SCREAMING ) ( BARKING ) My daggit ! Where is he ? He 's fine . He 's fine . It 's going to be all right . ANNOUNCER : On the southern peninsula . Thirty one cities are known to be under heavy attack . ( ANNOUNCER CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY ) This is the most terrible thing I 've ever witnessed . MAN : Red 1-3-niner , we ' re on fire . Emergency , fire in Red 1-3 . FEMALE ANNOUNCER : ... a sea of fire . The water supply is cut off . There is no water ! MAN : My orders are to cover the relay . WOMAN : The central area is under attack . A second wave is coming in . We have no defenses ! Is this channel operative ? Oh , Zac ! And all the others ! They trusted us to protect them , and we ... Oh , God . There really wasn 't any choice . Commander , Cylon base ships on long-range scanner , launching to all outer planets . No hope , Commander . What about Sagitara ? The planet 's in flames , Commander . Have my shuttlecraft prepared , please . Shuttlecraft ? I 'm going down on the surface of Caprica . Commander , that is out of the question . If the Cylon scanners should pick you up ... You will continue to rendezvous with the survivors of the fleet . I 'll take you in my fighter . You 're the last surviving member of the Council , Father . If we should run into a Cylon attack ship , at least you 'll have a chance . I insist on that , Commander . Very well . Core systems transferring control to probe craft . Launch when ready . Ships are coming in on both decks , sir . TIGH : What 's the count ? Sixty seven fighters in all , sir . 25 of our own . How many battlestars ? None . What ? We 're the only surviving battlestar . My God . Red Leader One in trouble . Repeat , in trouble . We read you , Red Leader . How can we assist you ? I 'm battle damaged . Power control circuits shot away on my landing gear . I 'm on the line , Starbuck . What 's your condition ? This is no time for trainees , Athena . I 'm in trouble . I mean , I 'm in real trouble . You will be if you keep talking like that . How 's your fuel ? You will be if you keep talking like that . How 's your fuel ? Dry . All right . Run the check with me . Alpha circuit , close and alternate to left servo circuit . Alpha circuit closed , alternating to left servo circuit . No response . My throttles are still full open . Omega C circuit . Close and alternate to servo support circuit . Alternating to servo support circuit . Does not respond . Bring him in full throttle . We 'll shut down at the outer marker . There 's no choice . I heard him . Get everyone out of the way . I 'm coming in hot . You 're cleared to land . Roger . I hope you guys aren 't counting off for neatness . He 'll be coming in like a missile . Stay back ! He could lose it . I told you to stay back ! Starbuck ! Get out fast ! The ship might blow any minute ! Are you all right ? Fine . Fine , no thanks to your father . Here . Give it a good wash , fellas . Get out of that wing . Blow that out ! Get that fire there ! What are you saying about my father ? Do you realize what we 've just been through ? Oh , yeah ? You should have seen how we spent our day . We managed to single-handedly keep the Cylons off your neck while you took off on a little cruise ! Starbuck , don 't you realize what 's happened ? Oh , yeah , sure . I realize what happened . You should see this baby from the air when it takes off across the sky . It 's a beautiful sight , beautiful , unless it happens to be your base shipl Starbuck , listen to me ! The Colonies are gone . All of them . What are you talking about , gone ? I 'm sorry , Ila . I was never there when it mattered . Neven . Women . MAN 1 : This way . There must be food somewhere . MAN 2 : I 'm hungry . APOLLO : Father ? There are crowds coming . They probably saw our ship land . I was just gathering a few things here . This likeness of you and Zac ... Father , we can 't stay . Maybe Mother wasn 't here . No . No , she was here . She was here . Where were they ? Where were they ? Where are the rest of you fancy fliers ? Where were you when they killed the rest of us ? What were you doing , boy ? Wait ! Wait ! Let him talk ! I want to know where you were as well . All of you . We waited . We watched and prayed , and you never came . Most of us are dead . The fleet is all but destroyed . But you 're here . From the battlestar Galactica . It survived ? Yes . What of the President , and the Council of 12 , and all the other Colonies ? ADAMA : All destroyed . Commander Adarna . Yes , Serina . It 's true , then . We 're defeated , doomed . Canlnde in your ship , sir ? Fighter planes are no place for little boys . They 're going to have to be if our people are going to survive . We must fight back . Yes , we are going to fight back . But not here , not now , not in the Colonies . Not even in this star system . Let the word go forth to every man , woman and child who survived this holocaust . Tell them to set sail at once in every assorted vehicle that will carry them . NARRATOR : And the word went forth to every outpost of human existence and they came , the Aries , the Gemons , the Virgos , the Scorpios , the Pisceans , and the Sagittarians . In all , 220 ships , representing every colon y , color and creed in the star system . The human race might have one more chance , but first it would have to survive the Alliance , the elements , and the unknown dark and sinister threats that would lie ahead . Their destruction is complete . Our forces have taken prisoners near the spacedrome . They tell of survivors who escaped in ships . What ships ? How far can they go ? If a handful of survivors did indeed escape , they would have neither fuel nor food for a prolonged voyage . The information is not complete . It is offered in exchange for life . And what is the standing order for humans from your imperious leader ? Extermination . Then carry out your orders . If they exist , they 're doomed . ADAMA : We gather here as representatives of each ship in our fleet to answer that single question . Where will we go ? Our recorded history tells us that we descended from a mother civilization , a race that went out into space to establish colonies . Those of us here assembled now represent the only known surviving colonies . Save one , a sister world , far out in the universe , remembered to us only through ancient writings . It is my intention to seek out that remaining colony , that last outpost of humanity in the whole universe . WOMAN : Commander Adarna ? This 13th colony , this other world , where is it , and what is it called ? I wish I could tell you that I know precisely where it is , but I can 't . However , I do know that it lies beyond our star system , in a galaxy very much like our own , on a planet called . Earth . ALL : Earth ? Flight Leader Serpentine , by your command . Report , Centurion , on the final assault . On each of the 12 planets a similar story is told of a handful of ships who escaped destruction to rendezvous with a warship . What kind of warship ? A battlestar called Galactica . Then go and seek out Baltar . Tell him I 'm displeased . Tell him I offer a choice . Deliver the battlestar Galactica or deliver his head . APOLLO : This is Alpha shuttle approaching freighter Gemini for fleet damage and supply survey . Please prepare to receive . STARBUCK : Ah , look at it this way , Boomer . It isn 't the worst duty in the fleet , asking a lot of questions . Ihear they 're sending some poor guys from Beta section crawling around on the outside of an old skybus looking for a solium leak . Mmm , wonder how they missed us for that detail . STARBUCK : Excuse me , but ... Shh . Would you mind telling us what you 're looking for ? Solium leaks . Bye . Halt ! [ AÞOIIQ ] Captain , that stuff is dangerous . I mean , these old ships shouldn 't even be flying . There really wasn 't much choice , was there ? How many people did we leave behind for lack of ships ? Now , unless you 're willing to volunteer permanent assignment on this tub , you 'll help survey each and every ship in this fleet for damage , or I just might be tempted to loan you guys out to Beta company . Just keep it up , old buddy . You 're going to get us into real trouble . Ten thousand light years from nowhere , our planet 's shot to pieces , people starving , and I 'm going to get us in trouble ? Look , all I 'm saying ... What is the matter with you ? I tell you ! We may as well live for today . We might not have many left . AÞOIIQ ? Yeah , I see it . Where 's the food ? Everything 's gonna be taken care of . Just be patient . But Where 's the water ? We haven 't had water in two days . We 'll have food and water ... But what 's happening ? But you promised us water ! Just get us a little water . Can 't you bring us some water down here ? A little bit ? We just need a little bit of water ! Where 's the food ? Why haven 't we seen or heard from anyone in two days ? Please . Please , tell us what 's going on . Have we been left behind ? No , you haven 't been left behind . Be patient . Your needs will be attended to . Be patient . Just be glad you 're alive . ( WOMAN SPEAKING GEMONESE ) It 's Gemonese . Boomer can translate . Boomer 's tied up . Anyone here who can help ? Does anyone here understand Gemonese ? The woman said her husband is feverish . What 's wrong with your arm ? There are others in greater need than I. Get her out of here . She should be jettisoned with the dead . No place for refuse here . WOMAN : Feed her to the daggits ! Dirty socialator . It 's a sin to starve us while the bureauticians luxuriate in their private sanctuaries . No one is in luxury , I promise you that . No , you 're lying . I saw it with my own eyes aboard the Rising Star before I was cast out and put here among the Borays of humanity . Core Control is aware of the problem . So I can tell them food and water is on the way ? They 're aware of the problem . What are you saying ? There 's something you 're not telling us . Relief is on the way . You have my word as a Warrior . Your word as a Warrior ? ( LAUGHING ) APOLLO : You know , Ican 't fault them for resenting us . They lost everything . They have to blame someone . Core Command , this is Alpha Shuttle requesting clarification on food dispersal . Core Command . No information available at this time . What are you talking about " no information is available " ? I just left a ship filled with starving people . What 's going on ? I 'm sorry , Shuttle Alpha . Core Command has no information available at this time . ( DIALING ) Commander , this is Colonel Tigh . It 's starting . Something 's wrong . What did they tell you when you called in the food shortage ? The same thing they told you , a vague acknowledgment of the problem . Boomer , I 'm getting an awful uneasy feeling . Why don 't you just give me your name , okay ? It 's all right . My name is Cassiopeia . Cassiopeia . It 's beautiful . ( DEVICE BEEPING ) It means " fairy queen , " doesn 't it ? I think so . Designation ? I 'm designated a socialator . It 's an honorable profession , practiced with the blessings of the elders for over 4,000 years . I didn 't say anything . I was just curious about what all that excitement was about back on the barge . That woman ... That woman is a member of the Otori Sect amongst the Gemonese . They don 't believe in physical contact between genders , except when sanctified by the priest during high worship of the sun storm , which comes once only every seven years . No wonder those little buggers are such good card players . Core Command , this is Alpha Shuttle . Changing course to rendezvous with starliner Rising Star . Shuttle will proceed on to Galactica with patients for life station . Hey , what are you up to ? If you don 't mind my asking , sir . I want to see what 's at the bottom of this Conspiracy of silence . APOLLO : Passenger liner Rising Star , this is Sigma Shuttle on fleet damage and supply survey . Prepare to receive . Contaminated ? Weren 't the provisions checked before they were boarded ? For radiation , yes . There wasn 't time to check for pluton poisoning . Pluton breaks down the structure of food . All of this is worthless ? We don 't know that yet . Jolly , have your crews go through every container . Chances are some of it was shielded enough from the bombs to be saved . We went through three ships since last night . It isn 't looking good . Salvage anything you can . Even small scraps will help . What do we do with the rest of it ? Jettison it . Keep a lid on the problem . If people find out we haven 't any food , we 're gonna have a mutiny on our hands . We 're going up to the second level . Captain ! Yes ? I heard that you 'd come aboard . Iwonder if I might borrow you for a moment ? I 'm afraid we 're on an important survey for the Commander right now . It won 't take very long . Boomer , why don 't you go up to elite class and see if there 's anything going on we should be concerned about ? You won 't like what you find . I 'll be along presently . It 's my son . He hasn 't moved in two days . He lost a little daggit which meant everything to him . I thought you might be able to help . If he won 't eat for you , I don 't know what I can do . Well , he seemed to spark a little when you picked him up on Caprica . I got the feeling that you were good with children . I grew up with a kid brother . Where is he ? There . Excuse me . I 'm in charge of finding young men to try out as future fighter pilots . Your name is ? Boxey . Boxey . Okay - ( DEVICE WARBLING ) Just what I thought . You 're right at the top of my list . You know I 've been looking all over for you ? You should have made contact with the Commander . We 're very short on fighter pilots . I 'm too little to be a pilot . Oh , sure , right now . But how long do you think it takes to become a full Colonial Warrior ? I don 't know . Well , you have to start when you 're very small , or you won 't get these until you have gray hair . You like them ? I want Muff it . Well , I don 't know . There 's not much room for a daggit in a fighter plane . He 's gone . He ran away . Oh . Well , um ... Well , maybe we can find one of Muff it 's friends . Iasked . There are no daggits . ( SIGHS ) Well , I 'll tell you what . As a Colonial Warrior , first level , you are entitled to the first daggit that comes along , okay ? But only on the condition that you get your rest , close your eyes , eat all your primaries ... Shh . And stop Chasing girls . Thank you . I was right . You are good with kids . You and your brother must be very close . We were . Oh , I 'm sorry . If you 'd rather not be involved ... Hey , don 't be silly . What 's a Warrior to do after he 's lost the big one ? Win a few of the little ones . That 's not a little one in there , Captain . No . Just once , to step aside ... This is a private accommodation secured by Sire Uri and his party . I 'm being paid by Trans Stellar 's ... Now . Hey , what 's going on , Boomer ? Oh , nothing , nothing . Just the fella here didn 't seem to wanna let us into the club area . ( BEEP5 ) Thank you . ( WOMEN LAUGHING ) Thank you . I trust you have an explanation for this intrusion ? Would you like to make a statement before I arrest you , Sire Uri ? ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm glad you know my name . At least you know from where the blade fell . I 'm gonna give you about a micron to join me on my shuttle . After that , I 'll just turn the six levels of starving passengers beneath you loose and let you take your chances with them . Captain , why don 't you join us in our prayer of gratitude for deliverance ? In case it eluded you , Councilor , some 100 people have died since our deliverance from the Cylons . And while hunger hasn 't yet taken a life , it 's only a matter of time now . Boomer , notify Core Command that we have located some stores which we will distribute as far as they go . No , it 's mine ! It belongs to me and my guests . Does your wife share your feelings about denying your food to others ? My Wife ? Stress Uri . I don 't see her . Unfortunately , she was not in time to make the Voyage . My sympathies . I share your bereavement . Stress Uri was an outstanding woman . Yes . I 'm sure she 'd be moved by your period of mourning . Boomer , have Jolly come up here with the crew and distribute this food throughout the ship . Without being critical , Captain , Wouldn 't you say you overplayed our hand just a tad ? Considering Sire Uri is a member of the newly elected Council of the 12 . How do you overplay starvation ? How does it feel ? CASSIOPEIA : Feels like it 's never even been broken . The bone 's been fused whole . It 's stronger than before . It 's wonderful . ( SIGHING ) Ooh ! Look , look ! ( CHUCKLES ) Look at my arm ! You 're waiting to take me back , aren 't you ? Well , it isn 't easy to find a ride around here . I dread returning to that ship . Look , maybe I can check around and see if there 's anyplace else you can go . There are better ships . Would you be doing this if I weren 't a socialator ? Hey , listen , can we forget my little jokes back on the shuttle , huh ? Look , L " . I just want to help you . Really , it 's nothing personal . Nothing personal ? No . Absolutely nothing . Really ? I swear . ( LAUGHS ) Okay ! Okay ! But I think you 're making a terrible deal . ( LAUGHS ) Long-range patrol is reporting in . Scanners show no sign of Cylon pursuit . All vectors looking good . Commander . Yes , I heard . That 's good news . Apparently , we 've made good our escape . Finding us now would be almost impossible , assuming we don 't make any mistakes . Carillon is too far away . We will never make it because of the food disaster . There is no other destination . Ah , but there is . We can stop here on Borallus . We know that everything we need is there . Food , fuel and water . And undoubtedly , a Cylon task force . It is the most logical place for us to stop . Precisely why I believe it will be fatal . Hey , where are you going ? URI : Possibly fatal . Is it not surely fatal to continue towards Carillon ? APOLLO : There is another way , if I may have a few moments of the Council 's time . I support Commander Adama 's rejection of Borallus . Surprising . It is a deathtrap as lethal as the one we left behind , and we haven 't the armament to fight our way in and out . However , there is another approach to Carillon . Instead of using the intended route , which takes us centons out of our way , I suggest we take the direct path , here , through the Nova of Madagon . Not patrolled and a savings of centons in reaching Carillon . Captain , I may not be a military expert , but I do know that the Cylons don 't have to patrol that particular area because they mine it . They lay mines to make passage impossible . It would be impossible for a fleet of cumbersome ships like ours to even attempt to go through that narrow passage . I agree . The fleet could not traverse the channel unless it had been cleared first . And how would you propose doing that ? Well , I suggest I find one or two volunteers to join me in flying ahead of the fleet in fighter craft to blow the minefield apart with laser torpedoes . MAN : Good idea . Two volunteers ? Out of the question ! Out of the question ! Brilliant , brilliant . If you must go straight ahead as you insist , Adarna , then this is the way . I say we support the Captain . MAN : Good for you . Good for you , my boy . As grave a plan as it is , it appears to be our only hope . You have the support and the blessing of the Council of the 12 . Thank you . Guess who he 's got in mind to volunteer forthat . Hey , wait . ( WHISPERS ) I 'm getting out of here . Well , just the two fellows I wanted to see . Follow me , gentlemen . See ? I told you . Right . SERINA : He still won 't eat . APOLLO : I think we may have found something that 's going to interest him . Tonight ? Shouldn 't you be getting some rest ? I 'll sleep better after we solve Boxey 's problem . That 's a tall order . I 'm a big boy . Okay , Boxey . You 're going to love this , Boxey . As you know , we will soon be landing on various alien planets . It 's important that we be safe . Ordinarily , we 'd use trained daggits to stand watch at night while our Warriors slept in their encampments . Butwe didn 't have any daggits . So we just had to see what we could come up with . We 'll call the first one Muff it II . ( BARK5 ) ( CHUCKLES ) Naturally , the first one will have to be very carefully looked after . That 's not Muff it . It 's not even a real daggit . No , but he can learn to be like a real one . He 's very smart . And if you would help us , he can be even smarter . Stop that . We used the image of Boxey you gave us to train the drone to respond to him . ( BARK5 ) I owe you one , Doc . Any time . ( LAUGHS ) That 's one I owe you . Call it even . ( MUFFIT BARKS ) It 's somehow beautiful . It 's a perfect machine . ( BOTHLAUGH ) Born to dance amongst the stars . Yeah , it 's bumping into them that has me worried . Why did you volunteer , Starbuck ? Well , somebody had to do it . Did Apollo make you ? Yes , you certainly have a way of cutting through the felgercarb . Do you ever take that smoldering weed out of your mouth ? ( LAUGHS ) You know , I had this wonderful speech all prepared . About this being your last night here , about possibly not seeing another night as beautiful as this one or another girl as beautiful as I am ever again ? Well , that speech is a little better than the one I had . Would you mind if I borrowed it on some future occasion ? Uh , listen , do you mind if we don 't spend too much more time in the launching bay ? Well , can you think of any place more private ? Uh ... Come to think of it , I can 't think of any place private in the whole damn fleet . What 's in there ? That 's the launching tube . You don 't want to go in there . It 's dark and cold , and it 's a ... ( SIGHS ) Oh , Lord , I 'll do anything you ask tomorrow , just don 't call an alert tonight . ( PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY ) Colonel , have you seen Lieutenant Starbuck by any chance ? No , I don 't think I ... Wait , I did see him on one of the monitors earlier . Before we shut down the flight deck , I think he was checking out his ship . Hmm . That would seem to make sense . I 'm sure he 's long gone by now and getting a good night 's sleep for the mission . Why don 't you do the same ? You are going to be working . That little snake . ( SCREAMS ) The Nova of Madagon is not a nova at all but a starfield so bright , our cockpits will be sealed to prevent blindness . We 'll navigate by scanner and sweep everything out of our path with turbo lasers . ( CLEARS TH ROAT ) You feeling all right , Starbuck ? You 're fidgeting around like a daggit on a sunspot . Well , It 's my bio-pulse line , sir . It 's a bad time for me to be cooped up in a cockpit . Starbuck 's being polite . Seems he got a steam burn . I don 't think I want to ask you how you got it , because I need you on this mission . I didn 't choose you to help lead us through without a great deal of anguish . If it 'll do any good , let me assure you that should we fail , no one will survive . The rest of our friends must sit in anticipation of our skill . ( SIGHS ) Or lack thereof . Ready ? Ready . APOLLO : Starbuck ? I 'm not ready , but let 's get it over with . ( INDISTINCT TALKING ) Nova starfield ahead . MAN : ( OVER RADIO ) ... on three , two , one . We 've got it on ... Radiation shield positive . Launch fighters now . AUTOMATED VOICE : Skin temperature readout . 1-0-0 and rising . We may not be able to see anything , but it 's sure getting hot . Anybody picking up the field on the scanner ? Negative . My scanner 's burning up . BOOMER : Mine 's gone . APOLLO : I was afraid of that . It 's too bright for the scanner . Core systems transferring control from probe craft to Galactica . We will guide you through using scanners . What if we miss a mine ? One of us will be the first to know . Let 's go . WOMAN : We ' I / talk you through . AUTOMATED VOICE : Countdown to fire . Five , four , three ... Three degrees right . Target destroyed . One target coming up . STARBUCK : It 's burning through my canopy . Four , three ... APOLLO : Just keep firing ! AUTOMATED VOICE : One , fire . And fire . Heartbeat , Lieutenant Boomer , readout 1-0-0 . Other functions normal . It 's working , Commander . They 're clearing a path 100 maxims wide . Now that is precision flying . I can 't see a blessed thing . Are we hitting anything ? I 'll be hanged if I know . AUTOMATED VOICE : ... two , one , fire . WOMAN : Heartbeat , Captain Apollo , readout , 9-9 . AUTOMATED VOICE : Skin temperature 1-2-0 and still rising . Skin temperature 1-3-0 and rising . Five , four ... STARBUCK : It 's getting hot . AUTOMATED VOICE : ... two , one , fire . Fire . Fire . WOMAN : Heartbeat , Captain Apollo , readout , 9-9 . AUTOMATED VOICE : Skin temperature 1-3-5 and slowly leveling off . APOLLO : It 's cooling off . Let 's take a look at where we are . Negative shield , now . There it is . Carillon . I think we ' re going to make it . Yee-ha ! ( ALL SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ) ( ALL CHEERING ) Recall the flight crews . ADAMA : The planet Carillon . Landing operations will begin at once . Prepare to land the mineral ships and the Landram parties . Our mineral scanners have located what we believe is the approximate site of the old mining expedition . Blue Squadron will vector in the ground search teams . Welcome , Baltar . I have grave news . A handful of Colonials prevail , but we will soon find them . What of our bargain ? My colony was to be spared ! I now alter the bargain . How can you change one side of a bargain ? When there is no other side . You have missed the entire point of the war . But I have no ambitions against you . Could you think me so foolish as to trust a man who would see his own race destroyed ? Not destroyed , subjugated . Under me . There can be no survivors . So long as one human remains alive , the Alliance is threatened . ( LAUGHS NERVOUSLY ) ( STAMMERING ) Surely , you don 't mean me . We thank you for your help , Baltar . Your time is at an end . No ! You can 't ! You still need me ... ( SCREAMS ) Victor 6-3-0-3-8 to Ground Expedition 2 . My scanners read life-forms beyond these coordinates . Either it 's some high energy-yielding substance , or they left some kind of caretaker operation behind when they abandoned this place . BOOMER : We 've got it , 0-3-8 . Thanks a lot . STARBUCK : I wonder what this looks like in the daytime . Hey . This is the daytime . Oh . Lovely . APOLLO : Landram 1 to Skywatch 0-3-8 . Can you assist in locating tylium mine ? You got it , Captain . My scanner indicates that you are vectored to intersect the mine area in 24 millicentons . APOLLO : Affirmative , 0-3-8 . We have it . JOLLY : Everyone sync chronometers . Captain would like a check-in every four millicentons on the emergency frequency . Understood ? Affirmative , Jolly . You are in time sync now . 0-3-8 returning to base . See you guys in a while . Good luck . Boomer . Yeah , yeah , what is it now ? You 're not gonna believe this . ( TURNS OFF ENGINE ) I don 't believe it . What is it ? I don 't know . Okay - ( WHISPERS ) Okay , come on . Boy , sure is pretty . Yeah . Sounds friendly . Yeah . ( SCREAMS ) Don 't shoot me ! What do you want ? Wait . Wait . Wait . Don 't be afraid . Listen , uh ... Hey , you 're from Taura . I 'm a Taurus . How do you know that ? The , uh , dialect . Listen , uh , what is this place ? What are you doing here ? What am I doing here ? What are you doing here ? Colonial Warriors sneaking around a resort like this with your weapons drawn ! Oh , uh , sorry . This is legal ! Isn 't it ? Well , uh , how did you get here ? Oh ! I came in a skybus . She must have been smoking plant vapor . ( PEOPLE SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ) STARBUCK : Hey , hey , wait , wait , listen . Could you , uh ... Could you , uh , tell us something about this bus ? Oh , my travelator , he took care of all of it . Isn 't it fabulous here ? All this for so little money . Oh , and I just won 1,000 ... Over 1,000 cubits . Isn 't that amazing ? You won those cubits here ? Oh , in here . Everybody 's doing it . It 's incredible . Oh , you know , if it 's illegal , you 're gonna have to fight the whole star system . I have to go ! ( LAUGHS ) I have a moonlight cruise . Two moons . Oh , how can you go wrong ? ( PEOPLE LAUGHING RAUCOUSLY ) BOOMER : I don 't get it . How cut off can these people be ? She didn 't act like she 'd even heard about the destruction of the Colonies . Yeah , there 's something even more peculiar . Why haven 't we heard about this place ? Look , I suppose you know every gambling chancery in this star system , huh ? Oh , that 's right . That 's right . If there 's a game going on , you 'd know about it . ( UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING ) ( PEOPLE TALKING EXCITEDLY ) Yeah ! Whoo ! The odds must be incredible here , Boomer . People are winning a fortune . Yes , and they 're obviously well-fed . Look , why don 't we find out about Who 's in charge of this place and see about getting some food back up to the fleet ? Now , hold it , Boomer . The last thing these people may wanna find is a battlestar sitting on their front door . Ihaven % found a gambling den yet that didn 't depend on military pay vouchers to keep its doors open . Now , Boomer , until we find out who these people are , just remember , it 'll only take one informer , and we 'll have the whole Cylon war machine on its way . I wanna look around , sit in on a game or two , seeiflcan find out what 's behind this place . ( SQUEALS ) Your mission , Boxey , is to keep your eye on that readout . When the counter gets up to 10 , it means we 're right on top of a rich tylium deposit . Yes , sir . ( LAUGHS ) ( MUSIC PLAYING ) We 'd better talk . Right . ( SINGING ) They can 't try to read our lips in here . Who ? Whoever might be up to something in this place . Well , Boomer , one thing this place isn 't is crooked . Where 'd you get all those cubits ? Gambling . I 'm telling you , Boomer , you can 't lose . That 's what I 'm talkin ' about . You ever been in a gambling chancery where you couldn 't lose your money ? No , but then I 've never been here before either . ( VOCALIZING ) Boomer , I got an idea . We could make a fortune if we put those girls on the star circuit . You know , I mean , big money , Boomer . Big money . Big mmey , huh ? Hmm ! Every creature in the universe is out to exterminate us , and you wanna hire a vocal group . Mmm-hmm . Starbuck , I 'm telling you , there 's something just not right about this place . Yeah . Yeah , I gotta talk to those girls . ( MONITOR BEEPING ) ( BARKING ) Quiet , Muff it . I see it . Tylium . APOLLO : Nice going , Boxey . JOLLY : That 's a pretty hot reading , skipper . We may be right on top of that old mine . I 'd better check it out . Okay , Jolly , keep your eyes open . ( BARKING ) I 'll bring him back . Hey , Boxey ! Boxey , wait right here . I 'm gonna get him back . Muffy ? Muffy ? ( BARKING ) Thank you . ( LAUGHS ) For what ? For saving my son 's life . You 're getting things a little out of proportion . Anyway , maybe I should be thanking you . You don 't know anything about me or what happened to Boxey 's father or ... When you 're ready , you 'll tell me . In the meantime , nothing that 's gone on before really counts for much . As far as the human race is concerned , we 're all starting over . BOXEY : Muffy ? Muffy ? Muffy ? ( BARKING ) Muffy ? Muffy ? Darn you , daggit , where are you ? Muffy ? Muffy ? Muffy ? Muffy ? ( GASPS ) ( SCREAMS ) Any sign of Boxey ? I 'm afraid not . What is it ? What 's happening on this planet ? I don 't know . APOLLO : This may be the largest tylium mine in the star system . SERINA : I don 't care about that . I just want to know what 's happened to Boxey . ( SOOTHING MUSIC PLAYING ) ( SQUEAKING ) FEMALE VOICE : Welcome to Carillon . You are impressed ? APOLLO : Confused would be more like it . Listen , we 've lost a little boy . ( SQUEAKING ) FEMALE VOICE : He is safe . We found him and brought him here . Would you care to join him ? Yes , we would . ( CHEERFUL MUSIC PLAYING ) Mommy ! Captain , good fortune smiles on us . Yeah , it 's like nothing we ever dreamed of , Captain . They 've got everything we need here , plenty of it , and they 're happy to share . Sounds like paradise . Yeah , it does . Colonel , a message from Sire Uri . ( TIGH READING ) ( ADAMA READING ) Well , Colonel , a most optimistic note . Too optimistic . Uri has everyone in the fleet breaking in the bulkheads to get down to the surface . Well , perhaps in small numbers , in orderly rotation . It isn 't going to be that way . Already he 's authorized visitor 's permits to half our population . Half the population ? ADAMA : We 've come so far , so quickly . There 's been little time for reason . What is the curious secret behind the existence of this outpost on the outer rim of our star system ? There are many such oases for intergalactic travelers , but none so far off the known arteries of trade , and none so curiously close to a tylium mine . Fuel has begun to arrive from the Ovion mines , but in curiously small quantities . And now I feel the growing need for extraordinary measures of precaution . The ships continue to hover over the planet , supported by small maintenance crews whose spirits are as depleted as their numbers . Everyone seems to have forgotten our flight from the Cylons . The beauty and wiles of Carillon hold our people spellbound . ( DISCO MUSIC PLAYING ) ( PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY ) STARBUCK : Let ' em ride . Hello , Starbuck . This is my lucky night . Just might be . Yeah . Well , money isn 't everything . No ? Mmm-mmm . Um , listen , have you checked out the accommodations yet ? Most of my unit is staying down on Carillon tonight . I 'll see what I can arrange . Okay - Are you going to play , sir ? Oh , I hope so . Hmm ? Oh ! Uh , yeah , sure . Let ' em ride again . It 's my lucky night . ( PEOPLE CHEERING ) Can 't lose . Is this seat taken ? ( STAMMERING ) Oh , uh ... Well , it 's , uh ... Starbuck ... Yeah ? I became because I think I owe you an apology . You do ? Come on . This paradise ? It 's the perfect opportunity for us to be open and honest with one another . Yeah . I hurt you . Admit it . Well , it ... Didn 't you once tell me that I was the only woman you 'd ever had any real and deep feelings toward ? Yeah , I may have said that . You may have said that ? No , uh ... No , Athena , wait . ( STUTTERING ) What I meant to say is I 've had to shut all those feelings out of my mind to avoid any more pain than I 've already suffered . ( LAUGHS ) Starbuck . STARBUCK : Oh , no . Hello . ( LAUGHS ) Excuse me . I believe you 're occupying my space . Your space ? Yes . I have good news . Huh ? I got us the key to the royal suite . ( LAUGHS ) Why , thank you . We do appreciate it . Uh , say , listen , girls . I 've got this hot streak going here . Oh ! ( LAUGHS HUMORLESSLY ) I see . Yes , I do , too . Well , have a good time , you two . And next time , it 's at office rates , Lieutenant . Never eaten so much in my entire life . ( LAUGHS ) I 'm gonna be as fat as a pig . Push level three for us , please . IfeelHke a total glutton , Answaw . Nothing fits me anymore . And we 've only been down on the surface for three ... Um , I asked you to push the third level . There . You 've missed our lodging . I did press it . Something seems to be wrong . Well , there are no lodgings this far down . Look there ! It seems to be taking us all the way to the bottom . Something seems to be happening . Let me at that control . There . We 've stopped . Thank goodness . I wonder what 's down here . ( SCREAMS ) What is the purpose of this special Council ? Adarna , I 'm afraid I must ask you to respect the order of business until called upon by this chair . I think Councilor Uri has a measure to propose . Thank you . My brothers , a hasty attempt to outrun the Cylons spawned in the midnight of desperation seems foolhardy in the light of day . I propose , instead , we now attempt to appeal for justice and mercy . Jusüce ? Justice from the Cylons ? Is that what you actually said ? Gentlemen , they 've told us that they would not stop until every human had been exterminated . Now , why should they believe we are now willing to accept that which we have always found to be unacceptable ? To live under Cylon rule ? Because we would destroy our arms to prove we 're willing to live in peace . Destroy our only means of defense ? URI : Or attack . May I remind my brothers that we did not have conflict with the Cylons until we intervened in their relations with other nations ? Yes . Yes , you are right . We did not come into conflict with the Cylons until we helped our neighbors whom the Cylons wished to enslave . And until we helped the Hasaris get back their nation , taken by force by the Cylons . Correct . But if we mind our own business , there 's every reason to believe that the Cylons will leave us alone . If you 've all come to this council to turn your backs on the principles of our fathers and the Lords of Kobol from whom all Colonies evolved , you do so with my utter Contempt . Well ... Warriors are always the last to recognize the inevitability of change . We have a choice . Life or death . I submit that an issue this grave should be decided by our people . Maybe you 're right . But I 'll tell you something . The military won 't be easy to convince . How , may I ask , do you propose to present such a delicate matter , eh ? At a Celebration to decorate those three brave young men who led us to safety through the perilous straits of Madagon . One of them Adama 's son , I do believe . Just the tonic our people need at this moment . Some old-fashioned , down-to-goodness heroes . ( CHUCKLES ) ( PEOPLE SPEAKING EXCITEDLY ) After you . Thank you . ( CLEARS TH ROAT ) Party 's just gettin ' started . Do you want a little , uh , company ? ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm kind of companied out . Thank you . You 're gonna miss the tribute for the three Warriors . I 've given ' em all the tribute they 're gonna get . ( SIGHS ) We missed my level . Mine , too . Something seems to be wrong . We 're going all the way down . I didn 't think that was allowed . I wonder what 's down there . ( SCREAMS ) Help me ! What are they doing with us ? ( HYPNOTIC MUSIC PLAYING ) Okay , 30-70 . You guys split 70 % , and I 'll even pick up the transportation . ( IN MALE-FEMALE VOICE ) I just don 't think it 'll work out . Well , why not ? Look , I can 't talk now . What do you mean ? We 'll just have to talk about it later if you 're still around . ( STAMMERS ) Hey , hey , wait ! Where you goin ' ? You 're my meal ticket out of the military . Starbuck ! ( SIGHS ) What are you doing ? The captain 's been looking all over for you . You know , Boomer , I 'm beginning to agree with you . Something 's going on around here . Well , whatever it is , it 's gonna have to wait . We 've gotta get back to the Galactica . ( STAMMERS ) Uh , What for ? Dress uniform . Dress uniforms . Wait . I 'm not getting into any fancy ... Uh-uh , uh-uh . One does not accept our people 's highest military honor , the Gold Cluster , in a battle suit . The Gold Cluster ? Ah , you 're kidding . We got it . Commander ? ( WHIRRING ) Commander . Just like old times , isn 't it , Tigh ? Well , our ships weren 't quite so fancy , but we gave them a good run . Yes . You didn 't tell anyone we were meeting ? No . Good . Is there some reason why you and I aren 't supposed to be talking ? Pick up that ground crew communicator and climb into the next ship , please . Climb into the next ship ? Quickly . You 're patched in to my internal com system . We are completely isolated . No one can hear us . Yes , I understand , but why would anyone want to ? It grieves me to think that we have to take such precautions on our own battlestar . Sire Uri 's men are expecting me to make some kind of move over his disarmament plan . I find that even my private quarters are being monitored . Now , what I 'm about to propose is somewhat risky . You don 't have to go along if you don 't want to . Commander , if you say we should do it , natural / y , lsay we should do it . What is it we 're about to do ? Tigh , when would be the most devastating time for a Cylon strike ? Almost an ytime . With half of our Warriors down on ... During the Celebration when all of our Warriors are down on Carillon . If we were attacked without being able to recall our Warriors , we wouldn 't have a chance . A few well-placed Cylon bombs in the heart of this launching bay , and we wouldn 't be able to get a single fighter into the air . Then , you do think there 's more to Carillon than generosity ? It smells like a trap . It fee / s like a trap . I believe it is a trap . It is imperative that we get our pilots closer to our ships . Or perhaps the other way around . Get our ships closer to our pilots . ( SIGHS ) How do we get our fighter ships down to Carillon without getting Council clearance ? Well , we 'll launch a couple at a time as if they were part of a regular patrol . The Council has ordered all of our Warriors to be at the party . They will be there , in a manner of speaking . Now , Uri doesn 't know all of our Warriors on sight . He 'll be counting uniforms , not men . He 'll be counting uniforms ? Yes . And I want you to collect all the Warrior uniforms you can possibly lay your hands on and fill them with whomever you can find . Mechanics , kitchen personnel , anyone . And get them down to that party . What do I tell them ? Tell them anything . Tell them they 're on a secret mission , which is the truth . I 'll do my best . I 'm depending upon you , Tigh . If I 'm right , Uri won 't be the only one who 'll be counting uniforms at that party tonight . I understand , and I hope you are wrong . Well , we 'll see . ( COINS CLATTERING ON FLOOR ) What are you doing , Colonel ? ( GASPS ) Felger . I , uh , didn 't mean to startle you . Can we , uh , give you a hand with ... If you ever do that again , you 're on report , Starbuck ! You can tell the rest of your playboy pilots this is not the last flash inspection that I 'm gonna make . If leveründ uniforms in this condition , you 're in trouble . When Commander Adarna seesthese , he 's gonna go crazy . It 's gotta be the pressure . You know , it 's unfair . A lot of those bridge officers never get a chance to go down to the surface while everybody else gets to go and have a good time . Bridge officers don 't get their tails shot off flying around in skinny little fighters . Still , lwouldn 't mind trading with them . I believe you , Boomer . I 'll mention it to the colonel . Wait a minute . I can 't take over for him . I 'm not a colonel . Neither am I. So much for guilt . Let 's go to the party . Right . Hello , Father . Apollo . Well , uh ... Colonel Tigh wants to be at the Celebration , so I offered to relieve him for the night . Simply as a favor . I might have thought you 'd like to see your son getting his Star Cluster . It 's well-deserved , Apollo . Well-deserved . Precisely why I cannot accept it as anything but another one of Councilor Uri 's ploys . How can saluting his greatest rival 's son be a ploy ? I just have the feeling that he 'll propose destroying our arms at the Celebration , hoping that the Cascade of emotion will do all the damage before anyone realizes what they 've done . But you can stop it . I ... ( LAUGHS ) Not anymore . Haven 't you heard the talk ? Igotus into this predicament ... No one believes that . And even if some do , you have to speak out . How can I say to you that you 've been more than a father to me ? You 've been someone I could look up to with trust and respect . My ideals rise and fall on your standards , and this isn 't you . What 's happening to you ? Help me to understand . You 'll understand , my son . In time , you 'll understand . I know that wasn 't easy for you , not telling him . Perhaps you should have . No . No . If I told him , I wouldn 't have been able to keep him from my side . This is my gamble . If Iwin , we all win . But if you 're wrong , Uri will destroy you . I 'm not wrong . The Cylons lured me into their deception once . Never again . ( PEOPLE TALKING ) ( INDISTINCT ) APOLLO : That 's very strange . What is ? That man 's insignia is Blue Squadron . I thought I knew everybody in it , and look at the fit of that uniform . Apollo , tonight is a night of thanksgiving , and everyone 's dressing up and making do with whatever they have . He probably hasn 't worn that in years . Besides , the guest of honor looks absolutely delicious . Hi . How lovely you look in your uniform . Huh ? Oh . Hey , isn 't this something , Boxey ? Our hosts have been very generous . BOXEY : I don 't like them . What ? I told him the Ovions Wouldn 't approve of him bringing Muff it to the Celebration . ( BARK5 ) Well , we put one over on them , didn 't we ? Except for your captain , I deduce from the uniforms that most of your Warriors are here . Yes , well , I 'm always a big draw . ( LAUGHS ) ( BARK5 ) BOXEY : Muff it , Muff it , come back here ! Here , daggit ! Come back here ! ( MUFFIT BARKING ) Starbuck . Yes ? What is it ? I 'm talking to the great and near great . Well , when you come down , tell me who that is . Those three guys right behind the dancer . Darned if I know . They sure have lousy tailors . Starbuck , you should know them . Yeah ? Why should I know them ? Because they 're wearing the insignia from our squadron . Don 't start without me . Where is the lieutenant going ? Um , to find the captain , sir . ExceHenL . APOLLO : Hey , what 's going on ? Stop those guys . Stop them . What are you ... What are you doing , Starbuck ? Listen , something 's going on around here . Those three impostors , I just ... Uh , listen , can we talk ? Yeah . Will you excuse us ? The lieutenant needs attention . I 'll take Boxey and get something to eat . Where is Boxey ? He 's probably in watching the acrobats . They 're pretty good . Well , don 't be long . You two don 't want to miss your own coronation . Yeah . Boxey . What 's this about impostors ? I don 't know . I don 't know . I 've been running into guys all night who aren 't from our unit , but they 're wearing our unit 's clothes . That officer on the shuttle . What , you spotted one of them ? Yeah , maybe . I think we better check this out . I suggest that you find your two friends and tell them that we 're going to begin with or without them . Yes , sir . Looks deserted . Everyone 's at the party . Not everyone . There are three impostors down here someplace . ( SQUEAKING ) How many Warriors ? ( SQUEAKING ) Nearly their full complement of Warriors . See that the humans remain entertained until the end , then they will be yours in the lower chambers . This night , we celebrate a most special event in the annals of human experience . Starbuck , what 'd you find ? They 're not here . They must be at another level . The other levels aren 't accessible to humans . Yeah , I 've been wondering about that . Yeah , so have I. APOLLO : I know how to fix that . Stand back . You 're the gambler . Pick a level . Uh , what say we have a look at what 's fu rthest from the guest rooms ? ( BEEPS SOFTLY ) Mmm , nice . ( SHUSHING ) Mmm-mmm . You 're the leader . Against any living brother , whether a former friend or foe . ( MUFFIT BARKING ) Muff it ! Hmm , me and my big mouth . Well , at least we know the secret of Carillon . Do we ? What 's the connection between the casino and all this ? Let 's get out of here , then figure that one out . ( ELEVATOR DOOR OPENING ) Muff it ! Run , Boxey , run ! Apollo , are you thinking what I 'm thinking ? With all this tylium , we 're setting fire to the biggest bomb in the universe . Yeah . I guess it 's a little late to try and talk to these fellows . I think so . ( PEOPLE MOANING ) ( MOANING CONTINUES ) Oh , my God ! Some of them are probably from our ships . STARBUCK : No wonder no one 's ever left here to tell about this resort . The Ovions are living off of them , and probably selling the tylium they mine to the Cylons . That 's Muff it ! APOLLO : Hey , Boxey , come back here ! No ! ( GROANING ) BOXEY : Muff it ! Muff it ! ( SCREAMING ) Starbuck ! ( SOBBING ) Let 's go ! Follow me ! Report , Centurion . It is done , imperious Leader . Let the attack begin . By your command , imperious Leader . ( BARKING ) We 're doing fine ! Whoops . STARBUCK : There 's too many of them . APOLLO : Go for the ceilings . Set fire to the tylium . That must be why you 're a captain . Call out the entire garrison . Scanner 's picking up a large body of objects closing rapidly . Scan for alien forms . A wiping clean of the slate of animosities and prejudice . This way ! This way ! Run , Boxey ! Captain , where have you guys been ? We 've been looking all over for you ! ( GRUNTS ) Come on ! When these fires reach hyper-combustion , the whole planet 's gonna blow . Let 's get out of here ! Oh , frak ! Form scan positive . Multiple three-passenger vehicles . Cylon attack craft . So they spring their trap . ( BEEPING ) Enemy approaching , 90 microns . Arm weapons . An opportunity to throw down our arms and prove once and for all that peace begets peace , and love begets love . ( ELEVATOR DOOR OPENING ) And so , I ... Everybody , listen to me ! I want everybody to move quickly and orderly towards the exits ! That is an order ! Stay where you are ! I 'm in charge here ! ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) Do what the man says ! He 's in charge ... Over here , Muff it . I 'm gonna save you . ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) Enemy closing , 70 microns . Enemy approaching , 55 microns . APOLLO : Serina , take Boxey ! I 'll be back . Let 's go ! Move it out ! Take it easy ! Muff it ! Wait ! We can 't leave without Muff it ! We can 't leave without Muff it . Let 's go ! ( SOBBING ) Do you have any idea where these Landrams are coming from ? I don 't know . Landrams courtesy of Commander Adarna . Thirty-five microns and closing . Jolly , what are you doing in combat dress ? The rest of Blue Squadron didn 't get to go to the party , sir . I guess they had to let you go , though , or they 'd have been wise they didn 't have all the military personnel there . Well , if you didn 't go to the party , who were those guys ? Anybody the commander could find in fleet to fill the uniforms . You should 've seen the one that got mine . Enemy closing , 30 microns . Recall all Warriors from surface . Yes , sir . Stand by to attack . Twenty-five microns . And closing . I want you ladies in that shuttle craft . Jolly , what 's going on ? The whole squadron 's waiting for orders from the Galactica . BOTH : Yahoo ! Fifteen microns . Cylon attack force now closing to killer range . They 'll take you in the shuttle . Let 's go . Bye . Take care of your mom . I wish he could be my daddy . Enemy closing in , 10 microns . They are not sending out interceptors . We have taken them completely by surprise . Closing in , five microns . AUTOMATED VOICE : Four , three , two , one . Positive shield , now ! APOLLO : Starbuck ? Revved and ready for takeoff . It 's coming right at us . Fire in the bay ! Damage control . Your wing ready , Jolly ? Ready , sir . APOLLO : Boomer ? Ready , Captain . Let 's go . ( REWING ) There 's nothing to stop them ! Sir , incoming surface squadron doesn 't seem to match any known Cylon war machines . Are they gonna be surprised . If we don 't stop them , we 're gonna have to go back and live on that rock . On target . That one 's for the Atlantia . Here 's one for Zac . Father , they 're ours ! All of them ! But how ? Looks to me like a lot of our boys violated orders and skipped the party . Yes , make a note , Colonel , to discuss discipline in the ranks . Yes , sir . APOLLO : Starbuck ? Yo . On your tail . Nothing to worry about . Felgercarb ! Boomer , you give him a hand . I 'm on my way . STARBUCK : Don 't take too long , Boomer . STARBUCK : Thanks for the assist . STARBUCK : Squadron Vector Alpha . I 'm onto three . Uh , make that two . Let 's go ! Press it home ! Press it home ! APOLLO : / think we got them on the run . Now , let 's see if we can find that Cylon base ship . STARBUCK : Nothing on my scanner . APOLLO : It 's hidden someplace behind Carillon . That 's the only way it could have approached us without being picked up . We 're not gonna let that base ship go . It can follow us at a safe distance and plot our every move until the reinforcements arrive . Let 's go down on the deck beneath the scanners . Warriors requesting permission to locate and pursue Cylon base ship . Warriors requesting permission to locate and pursue Cylon base ship . No . Colonel , we must conserve our resources if we 're to find a home for our people . Bring the fleet home . APOLLO : Get onto Cylon frequency . STARBUCK : What for ? They can 't see us , but they 'll be able to hear us . Doing what ? Praying ? No , you 're gonna be Red and Blue Squadrons , and I 'm gonna be Green and Yellow . I 'll be Red and Blue ... Oh , I get it ! No , I don 't . Sir , two of our Warriors are overdue and unaccounted for . Who ? It 's Captain Apollo , sir . ( SIGHS ) Who else ? And Starbuck . I see . Switching frequencies now . APOLLO : This is Green Leader to Red . All ships in formation and ready for attack . Come in . Uh , yeah . Yeah , we 're all ready . Every one of us . Speak , Centurion . By your Command . Colonial Viper squadrons approaching in large numbers . Surely our Raiders are close enough to defend us . All Raiders are still engaged against the Galactica . Retreat base ship behind the protection of Carillon . Their scanners will not be able to find us . APOLLO : Yellow Leader , we have your squadron in visual contact . STARBUCK : Uh , right . Green Leader , I 've got two more squadrons requesting permission to join us . Purple and Orange squadrons . They 're just dying for a good fight . Been on reconnaissance for centons . Purple and Orange ? Uh , negative , Blue Leader . Let 's not get carried away . We 've got all the manpower we need to knock out one base ship . Commander , we 're picking up some attack signals between Purple and Orange squadrons . We don 't have Purple and Orange squadrons . Purple and Orange ? Starbuck and Apollo ? Lord help them both . The Warriors continue to advance . At least six squadrons . Recall all Raiders to defend base ship . All Raiders are all destroyed . All destroyed ? How ? We took them by surprise . Apparently , it was not as big a surprise as we had hoped for . Retreat closer to Carillon below their scanners . There are reports of fires . I said lower , or they will destroy us . By your Command . Just ahead . There she is . STARBUCK : Lovely . What do we do ? Ram her ? We are now picking up attacking Warriors on the scanner . We are too close to the surface . Sir , telemetry reports surface of Carillon reaching vapor point . There are only two ships . It is a deception . Open fire and retreat from the planet . Uh , Apollo ... Okay , Starbuck , let 's get out of here before that tylium we set on fire blows the planet apart . ADAMA : Negative field , now . She 's going to explode . Let 's go home . Some home . A piece of metal in the middle of nowhere . Beats just plain nowhere at least until we find Earth . Think we 'll ever really find it ? We ' ll find it someday . Let 's go in . ADAMA : Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny , the last battlestar , Galactica , leads a ragtag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest . A shining planet known as Earth .
