 ( WIND HOWLING ) ( ANIMAL PANTING ) ( DOG BARKING ) ( DOG WHIMPERING ) MAN : Hit the release ! Hit the release ! What happened ? MAN 2 : Christ , I couldn 't find the release ! Christ , I 've never seen them do that before . Whatever they 're after must be down in that gully . If it 's down there , must be a dead man . They don 't pull like that for no dead man . ( GRUNTING ) ( WHIMPERING ) Hey ! Lon , Lon , give us a hand . ( GROWLING ) ( GRUNTING ) ( WHISPERS ) He 's gone . I didn 't hear him hit . Let 's go down after him . ( DOG WHINING ) Jim ? JIM : Hey , Bill ! ( DOG WHIMPERING ) ( MAN SCREAMING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( CREATURE ROARING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING ) MAN : John , save the left stage booms . Thank you . I don 't know why you don 't just tell him . Because I know what he 'll say . The world 's in such a mess , it 's unfair to bring a child into it , That there are three million unwanted children . But the fact is , Maggie , you 're pregnant , And it 's your body , and it 's your choice . And if what you wanna do in this world is make a beautiful baby , Then nobody , including a cynical husband , Has the right to stand in your way . He 's not cynical . Obsessed . He 's dedicated . Dedicated , obsessed , Call it what you like , But if you get talked into an abortion you don 't want , You 'll never forgive yourself . Why don 't you get it over with ? Go home and tell him . I need to pick the right time . ( SIREN BLARING ) MAN : ( ON LOUDSPEAKER ) must speak in a single voice . They will listen ! We have heard that the Indian must fight to keep what is his , And that time has come again . We will fight to keep our forests ! ( SIREN WAILING ) Hey , can I carry your bag ? ( WHISTLING ) Right up there , sir . Okay . Hey , take this for me and show me where , will ya ? All right . ( WOMAN SINGING ON RADIO ) ( BABY CRYING ) Okay , thanks . This way , please . Okay , it 's all right . Gonna be all right . I showed it to the man . He say it was chicken pox . I say to him , " There 's rats in here . " He said , " This is chicken pox . " I said to him , " Ain 't no chickens in here . " There 's rats in here , and them rats bit my baby . " You know what he said to me ? He said , " The rats got to have room to live , too . " Does he live in this building , your landlord ? ( SNIFFLING ) No , sir . He lives in Georgetown . He lives with the rich rats up there . I 'm gonna have to put your baby in a hospital , And I 'm gonna be in touch with your landlord . How about putting my landlord in the hospital ? That 's what I 'd like to do . So would I , but let 's take care of your baby first , okay ? ( BABY CRYING ) Rob ? Vic , what are you doing here ? Looking for you . Will you ride back with me ? Yeah , take him to emergency . You really look tired . ( AMBULANCE SIREN BLARING ) Oh , yeah ? The hours getting to you ? It 's not the hours . It 's the damn futility . God . You know , I 'll write a report here that no one will read . I 'll file a lawsuit against a landlord That 'll be settled out of court . Send that baby to the hospital for a couple of days , So he can come back here and be eaten by rats again . ( HUFFS ) Feel like I 'm banging my head up against a wall . I don 't think anybody 's listening . You wanna know something ? If I could 've planned your side of this conversation , I couldn 't have done it better . Remember that hearing I asked you to come to this morning ? Sorry , sorry . It was the Bureau of Indian Affairs . They 're listening to the complaints Of a couple of tribes from Maine . They 're about to get squeezed the way the people in these tenements are . Like these people are ? Are you crazy , Vic ? I saw the demonstrators this morning . All right , all right , all right . Listen to me , listen to me . This paper company , Pitney Mills Paper Company , Bought the timber rights to 100,000 acres of forest in Maine . The Indians claim the land is theirs , And they blockaded access to the forest , keeping the lumberjacks out . The Supreme Court 's filed a restraining order against the blockade . Everybody 's ready to kill each other , And the whole thing is holding for an Environmental Protection report . What does the Environmental Protection Agency Have to do with a land dispute ? Nobody wants to rule on the legalities of who owns the land . So they 're trying to break the deadlock on environmental grounds . If we file a negative report , Then the lumber company won 't have much reason to proceed . File a positive report , the Indians will probably have to give way . Another political football ? If you 're looking for a job that 's got permanent impact , This is the one . I mean , you 're gonna set a precedent that 'll be very hard to break . Vic , it 's not my game . I 'm strictly a rat bite and gas leak man . I can teach you what you need to know . I can give you the books to take up with you . I 'm in public health . I 'm a doctor . And you know how to deal with human beings . The Indians are angry , and so is the lumber company . If we don 't get full cooperation from both of them , We 're gonna have a lot of trouble getting enough information For a thorough report . I got all the tree experts I need . I need someone who can deal with people . Come on , come on . It 's two weeks of your time . Take Maggie along . It 'll be good for both of you to get away . It 's beautiful . It 's so peaceful . I 'd forgotten the world could look like this . Maybe that 's one of our problems . We can 't see the forest for the trees . It 's a joke . ( AIRPLANE DRONING ) Here , get that . Going camping ? Well , not exactly . We 're gonna be in a cabin . We 're gonna be outside , By a river . Hey , great . And it 's gonna take three days to walk down there . Sounds hard . Yeah , but that 's the fun . What is that ? Look ! That 's the damnedest thing I 've ever seen ! What do you think it 's doing ? Beats me . Mr. Verne . Bethel Isely , Pitney Lumber Company . How do you do ? Have a nice flight ? Indeed . My wife , Maggie . Mr. Isely . Welcome to the state of Maine , Mrs. Verne . Hello . Kelso ! I got a car for ya , like your office wanted . Somebody to drive it , so you can ride up to the lake with me . Fine . That a Ruggieri ? Montagnana . You know cellos . Well , I know wood . That 's got a balsam back and a spruce belly and a maple bridge . There 's three different kinds of trees in there . Very impressive . I can 't carry a tune in a bucket , though . Hollis ! Excuse me . Here you go . It 's the biggest fiddle you ever saw . Yes , sir . What 's that dog doing up in the air ? Oh , that 's what 's left of our search and rescue team . Secure that well ! Beg your pardon ? I don 't quite understand . Oh , couple of men got lost up in the mountains . Men from our company , as a matter of fact . Lumberjacks . They sent up a search team from Androscoggin To go looking for them . Couple of days later , one of the search dogs shows up At a ranger station . No sign of the people who brought her in there . What do you suppose happened to them ? Well , I guess they got lost , too . Rescue team ? Is that possible ? Look . I 'll be truthful with you . This particular forest isn 't too safe right now . Why 's that ? Excuse me , Rob . We 'd like to tie your bag . That 's okay . Well , the Indians , they 're angry in there . They 're trying to keep the lumber company out any way they can . People start disappearing , and the Indians spread the word That they were taken by Katahdin . That 's one of their legends . They call it Katahdin . ( CHUCKLING ) Yeah , it 's sort of a Bigfoot , I guess , only it 's uglier . Yeah , it 's larger than a dragon and got the eyes of a cat . Yeah , they 've thrown in everything but the kitchen sink . Oh , yes , my wife put together a box of groceries for you . Yes , thank you . I saw that . I guess you 're gonna have everything you 're gonna need . You follow me in there , Kelso . Right , sir . You see , the idea of this legend Is to frighten the lumberjacks out . They 're almost as superstitious as the Opies . Opies ? O.P. O.P. ' s . Original people . Yeah , that 's what they call themselves now . The Anishinaabegs , Passamaquoddy , Wampanoags and the Yuroks , They all joined together . Call themselves the Opies . Mr. Verne . What about those people , the ones who disappeared ? Well , I 'll tell ya something . If you ask me , I wouldn 't have sent a search team in there . I 'd have sent a posse . Why is that ? You think the Indians did it ? No doubt in my mind . BETHEL : There 's the general store And post office and Laundromat , Mrs. Verne . You can leave your money in that bank there , if you wanna . You know , all that stuff about the paper companies ruining the forests , That 's pure myth . We 've been running a pulp operation on the upper Espee here For 20 years now . We plant seedlings every time we harvest . That land is more stable today than it was when God himself made it . Well , to give him his due , He didn 't have modern science to help him . He didn 't have hydroponics and silviculture techniques . I 'd say he did pretty well under the circumstances . What with his limited education . ( ALL CHUCKLING ) Yeah . What 's this ? Mr. Hawks . These people are from the Environmental Protection Agency . I 'd appreciate being let through . No car from the lumber company gets through here . This is against the law , John . The law has not brought justice . The Supreme Court has issued a restraining order against this blockade . And which Supreme Court is that , Mr. Isely ? The Supreme Court of the United States . Yes , we 've tried that Supreme Court . Now we 're going to one that 's higher . You a part of this , Ramona ? By birth , Mr. Isely . Can we walk in ? It 's 10 miles . Is there another road ? No , Mrs. Verne , there isn 't . John , tell your people to get out of the way . Kelso ! Cut down those two trees , please . Mr. Isely ... I don 't get the point . What are you trying to prove ? Nobody 's going to get hurt . The point is not to be intimidated . Cut them down . ( CHAINSAW WHIRRING ) Don 't let this happen ! BETHEL : Are you gonna stand aside , Hawks ? I 'm gonna tell you right now ! You cut my head off before you cut these trees ! Oh , come on ! Take them down ! Wait a minute . Wait a minute ! Stop it ! Stop it , please ! Make him stop it ! Open the chain , John . I won 't open it ! Open it , God damn it ! What the hell does this prove , anyway ? RAMONA : That they 're murderers . No , it doesn 't prove a damn thing ! Now open it ! No ! Open it ! Don 't ! ( CHAINSAW STOPS WHIRRING ) These are violent people , Mr. Verne . They get drunk and they get violent . You gotta show them when you mean business . ( CELLO PLAYING ) ( DUCK SQUAWKING ) ROB : I swear , Maggie , that must have been a world 's record . I 've never heard of such a big salmon . Well , this is the land of Paul Bunyan and his giant ox , Babe . Was that Maine ? Sure was . Well , there might be something to it . That fish was a giant . Maybe you 'll go home with a trophy . I can 't get over it . God knows what would happen if I hooked into it . Hmm , taste this . Aphrodisia . You think you could catch any more ? Are you kidding ? I 'm one of the world 's great fishermen . Well , you fish , and I 'll eat . ( CHUCKLES ) Now that 's a relationship . ( CRICKETS CHIRPING ) ( ANIMAL GRUNTING ) Do you wanna know something ? I was so proud of you today . That made the ghetto seem suddenly very peaceful to me . You know something else ? I was jealous of that Indian woman . She had so much courage to be so strong when she was frightened , To demand her own way . It 's a kind of courage I don 't have much of . Oh , I don 't know about that . I think it takes a lot of courage to put up with me . I love you . I love you so much , I wish there were more of you . Well , I could easily put on 20 pounds . I mean , I wish there were more of us . I 'm sorry . It 's something I want to discuss . Now ? Why not now ? Everything 's so perfect . You know how I feel . When I was a child , my mother told me I had to eat everything on my plate Because there were starving children in the world . It didn 't make any sense to me . Now you tell me I mustn 't get pregnant Because there are starving children In the world , and that doesn 't make any sense to me , either . It does to me . You 're afraid , aren 't you ? I don 't know . I don 't know about a lot of things anymore . I feel like I 've been going around and around A racetrack at 100 miles an hour , And I wound up where I started . No one else was in the race . I love you . I love you . I love you . ( ANIMAL SCREECHING ) ( ANIMAL SCREECHING ) ( RACCOON SCREECHING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( WEEPING ) ( MUSIC PLAYING ) ( MUSIC PLAYING FAINTLY ) What 's wrong , Dad ? Turn that thing off . But you said I could play it for another 10 minutes . Just turn it off . ( TURNS OFF WALKMAN ) What is it ? Nothing . Can I turn it on again ? Yeah . ( TURNS WALKMAN ON ) ( ANIMAL GRUNTING ) ( SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ) The soil 's a clay base . I 'm sending samples on tomorrow . Yeah . Oh , listen , Vic . I 'm including a couple of tissue samples from the raccoon . Check them out for me , will you ? No , I examined them , but ... No , it wasn 't rabies . I don 't know what it is , but there 's definitely something wrong . Yeah . Okay . Yeah , you should be . Oh , she 's fine . Talk to you Tuesday . Mr. Verne . My name is John Hawks . I remember . I 'd like you to come with us , if you would . What for ? I want to speak with you . Right here will be fine . Are you afraid of us ? Somewhat . Because of what you 've heard ? No , it 's not what I 've heard , but what I 've seen . You 've heard we 're drunks , we 're violent , And that we 're murderers . And that 's what they 're saying about us in Washington , Because they 're discounting our rights with these lies . I can understand how you must feel , But my work here has nothing to do ... Are you deaf Like the rest ? I 'm a fairly well-educated person , Mr. Verne . I was educated at your schools . I studied your laws . I perfected your language . Of course , your laws have never really applied to us , But your language , it seems to have Been wasted in the Indian 's mouth , Because , well , you refuse to hear . Why is it you refuse to hear ? Oh , I can hear . But I can also see . You seem surprised that people think you 're violent . The violence is always provoked . By whom ? It was necessary . It was suicidal . Tell me , for what you believe in , You willing to die ? Look , I 'm here to study the environment . I 'm curious . What 's your concept of the environment , Mr. Verne ? Is it rocks ? Oh , come on ! This ... 'Cause the environment is us , And it 's being mangled . I 'm gonna make something clear to you . My people are violently ill . They 're beginning to lose their faculties . They stagger and they fall , And this has nothing to do with alcohol , as these villagers claim . My people are fishermen . Their lives are clean . I 'm a midwife , and I 've seen children born dead , born deformed . So badly some have had to be put to death . Three times we have been to the government , And three times they 've turned us away . You see , the end of this forest is the end of my people . Don 't talk about the environment As though it had nothing to do with us . These people want us to go with them . They have some things they want to show us . I think we should go . Is this your village ? No . This is the home of Hector M 'Rai . My grandfather . JOHN : This is the last remnant of how my people once lived . I wanted you to see this before you See what we 've become . My grandfather built this place , and to him it 's very sacred . These are the people from the government . How many ? Well , there are two of us , sir . Is that enough ? Well , we 're working very hard . That good . Your home is very beautiful . Thank you . Don 't mistake these tents for his home . His home is this whole forest . You know , just three days ago I was visiting a place Where there were 11 people living in a single room . Oh , yes ? I just thought you should know . What , that we are asking too much ? That there are people in this world Fighting for a single inch of living space . Yes , because they fought too late . OLD MAN : This camp is as the old people did it . I 'm teaching these young people So that someone here will remember . There are underground tunnels beneath the frost line To store perishables . The forest provides more food than a man could possibly need . Here , everything grows big . Real big . Well , I saw a salmon that took my breath away . It is the Garden of Eden . I 've let no one come here . You are the first to see it . It 's magical . We were once a magical people . It 's true . When I was a child , every rock , every tree had a story . The whole forest was filled with legends . We heard about one of them . RAMONA : Yes ? " Katydah " something . Katahdin . Katahdin is no legend . My grandfather is the oldest person in our tribe . It 's his duty to foster these beliefs . I have seen him . And what does he look like ? He is part of all things created , And he bears a mark Of each of God 's creatures . You say that with great affection . He has wakened to protect us . Why are these logs in here ? They come twice each year , then they disappear . What is that ? ( SPEAKING NATIVE LANGUAGE ) RAMONA : He says he will show you why he calls it the Garden of Eden . Rob . What 's wrong ? These are feeder roots . They should be underground . JOHN : Here . ( OLD MAN SPEAKING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE ) It 's a tadpole . I told you things grow big here . You 've seen this before ? No . No one has seen them . They 're only in this pond . What does this pond feed into ? The Espee River . That 's where the paper mill is . BETHEL : This is the flume . All the wood that 's unfit for lumberyards is cut into sections , Fed down this channel into the grinding machine . It 's a very simple process in a very conventional industry . We even use stone grinders to turn the logs into pulp . Oh , let me give you a hand here , Mrs. Verne . ( MACHINE GRINDING ) Once here , the pulp is bleached . With the exception of grocery bags , Nobody likes paper that isn 't white . What do you use to bleach it with ? Chlorine . But it stays right here in the plant . None of it goes out into the water ? No , sir , not a drop . I 'd like to see more . This way . You all right ? I 'm fine . You see now , when the pulp gets down here , It 's pressed into sheets and dried into paper . You feel all right ? You better stand over here , Mrs. Verne . That sheet 's traveling 3,000 feet a minute . Now , you see , the pulp is fibrous . When it 's dry , those fibers interconnect , forming a solid . And the only chemical you use in this plant is chlorine ? Yes . Oh , no , excuse me . There 's a caustic solution that 's used in the grinding process , But it 's biodegradable , approved by the EPA , And it doesn 't go into the watershed . ( MACHINE WHIRRING ) Well , I guess that 's it , Mrs. Verne . Thank you . Well , clean as a whistle , huh ? Thank you , sir . Tell me something . BETHEL : Yeah . What happens to the trees before they get here ? They get floated down the river to the plant here . That 's it ? You don 't hold them anywhere ? Yeah , if we get stacked up . Where do you hold them ? Oh , various places . Ponds ? You hold them in ponds ? Probably , softens them up to soak them . Do you soak them in chemicals ? Well , you 're gettin out of my area here . Transport 's handled by a private contractor . I asked you a question . Well , I 'm answering your question . You 're responsible for whatever effluent goes out of this plant . You hire the contractors . You sell the product . You 're accountable for whatever goes on here . Rob , stop it . Now , just ... How many pages in this report you 're gonna write ? I asked you a question . Now let me ask you a question . How many pages , 100 ? How many copies , 1,000 , maybe ? I wanna know what chemicals you 're using . We 're talking about 100,000 pieces of paper just for your report . Am I far off ? Eh ? And how many sheets of paper Are in all those filing cabinets in Washington ? You 're not answering me . I am answering you ! Now , I supply what you demand . You 're responsible , too . Now , unless you want to start filling your filing cabinets with rocks And wiping your nose with cactus ... I wanna know what you soak the logs in . What chemical ? None . I don 't believe that ! Well , then you take water samples . That 's what we do . Yes , sir . Now , look , if those logs were soaked in chemicals , It would squeeze out in the pulping process Right into the watershed in front of this plant . Now , we test that water every 10 days , And there 's not a damn thing floating out there That we don 't know about , Or anything that 's harmful to the environment . Now , excuse me , Mrs. Verne . That 's okay . Go on ! Go test the water ! We got nothing to hide ! ( CRANE WHIRRING ) Let it down . Take it in there . I told you to watch the tide . Yeah . You okay ? Hold the boat . Let 's get them in there . Get them out of here . Sorry about that . I didn 't realize . We tried to tell ya . I know you did . It 's my fault . Okay , let 's go , boys . Move it out . I believe him . Why ? Why would he have offered to let you test the water ? Maybe it wasn 't in the water . Huh ? Maybe it 's heavier than water . That silvery stuff on your boot . Is it dry ? Yes . They gave us a trick question in medical school . " What 's the only liquid in the world that isn 't wet ? " What was the answer ? Mercury . ROB : " Inorganic methylmercury , known as PMT . " " Used as a de-sliming agent that collects algae " " And prevents it from forming on pre-processed timber . " " Its widespread use discontinued in 1956 " " When evidence of its fatal effects " " Were seen in the deaths of 100,000 people in Minamata , Japan . " Rob , what is it ? It 's methylmercury poisoning , that 's what it is . This whole place has been contaminated . How do you know ? The Indians eat the fish , And they behave like they 're drunk When they haven 't had a drop of liquor . That raccoon convulsing and turning vicious , Its brain turned to mush . Even that old man , that Indian . You saw the burns on his fingers . Is that from mercury ? It 's from cigarettes . The reason he didn 't feel it is from mercury . You see , it acts on the nervous system . It destroys the brain . Why are they using it ? Why ? Listen to this . ROB : ( ON TAPE ) described as the most potent neurotoxin Of the post-World War II age . Listen . Used from 1948 to 1956 In pulping processes as a cheap and effective caustic agent ... That 's why they use it , because it 's cheap ! ROB : ( ON TAPE ) from forming on waterlogged timber . It is also known for its mutagenic properties , Concentrating in the bodies of fish and plankton-eating crustacea , Affecting the fetal development of everything that ingests it . For 20 years , it 's been pouring into this water . The ratio of toxin to blood level ... It 's in the fish , is that it ? And everything that eats the fish . It was discovered after extensive testing That it is the only mutagen that jumps the placental barrier , Concentrating in fetal blood cells , where it adheres to the DNA And corrupts the chromosomes . ROB : ( ON TAPE ) The ratio of toxin to blood level Is 30 % higher in the developing fetus than in the host . It was discovered after extensive testing That it is the only mutagen that jumps the placental barrier , Concentrating in fetal blood cells , Where it adheres to the DNA and corrupts the chromosomes . " Jumps the placental barrier . " What does that mean ? It 's a mutagen . A mutagen . What is that ? Freakism ! Freakism . That 's what 's been going on out there . That 's why there 's a goddamn salmon five feet long And a tadpole the size of what a bullfrog should be . And stillbirths . What ? That 's what that Indian woman said , and deformed children . God knows what else has been going on out there . So , if a pregnant animal ate some fish , it could ... Yes . My God . Is it possible ? Yes . The size of a dragon . What ? The size of a dragon , isn 't that what Isely said at the airport ? And something about eyes , cat 's eyes . And the old man , the Indian , Didn 't he describe that creature as being A part of everything in God 's creation ? Isn 't that what he said ? Yes . Let me try and put this together . A developing fetus goes through certain distinct ... A developing fetus goes through certain distinct phases . Each phase represents a specific stage of evolution . A human fetus , for instance , At one stage , it 's a fish . It looks like a fish . It 's got fins and gills . At another , it 's amphibian , webbed hands , At another , reptilian , at another , it 's feline , Developing upward in the distinct shapes and phases Of the evolutionary scale . If this chemical , Methylmercury , adheres to the DNA ... DNA 's a chromosomal fixative . Well , it could freeze certain parts at one evolutionary stage , While the other parts continue growing . You follow ? Yes . Uh , a pregnant animal ingests the fish , and it corrupts the fetus To the point where it gives birth to a monster . ( REWINDS TAPE ) Corrupts the fetus to the point where it gives birth to a monster . How much fish would it take for ... It concentrates in the fetal blood cells . How much ? Very little . I 'll need proof . You 're not sure ? Well , I 've got to get blood samples . Our first priority is these people . How long before you 'll know ? A week , 10 days . ( RUSTLING ) ( MONSTER ROARING ) ( GIRL SCREAMING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( YELLS ) ( GROWLING ) ( SPEAKING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE ) Thank you . Mike ? Mike Greenbriar . How old are you ? Twenty-eight . ( DOG BARKING ) What 's going on here ? There were more killings in the forest last night , And we 're not waiting for any more . Who was killed ? A family up at Mary 's Bend . What makes you think these people had anything to do with it ? They 're guilty as hell , Verne . I want the following people to step forward As their names are read . John Hawks . ROB : Where 's the evidence ? The evidence is at the hospital . It 's in baskets . Mr. Hawks , are you gonna step forward ? Well , Hawks , you gonna step forward as instructed ? Stop ! Stop that man . ( GLASS BREAKING ) Let him go , Charlie . We 'll get him later . Get these other Opies . BETHEL : I 'm sorry , Mr. Verne . Sorry , Mrs. Verne . We just gotta do it . Mary 's Bend . You know where it is ? Yeah . I want to go there . Just follow us right to the car . Okay ? POLICEMAN : Steven Sky . ( WHIRRING ) Where 's the bend ? Around that ridge . There 's an inlet . Can we go down ? PILOT : Just for a minute . I don 't like the look of that sky . This is helicopter Ray-Zebra-2-3-Yankee to base . Breaking radio contact . Do you copy ? MAN : I read you five-by-five . ( THUNDER CRACKING ) Stay in here out of the rain . Now look , we got about five or 10 minutes at the most ! Okay . This way . What 's the matter , airsick ? A little . Got just the thing . Ammonia . No . You 'd better take just a whiff . The way this weather looks , it 's gonna be a rough and bumpy ride going home . Okay ? Ramona . What could have done this ? A bear , perhaps . That deep ? ( THUNDER CRACKING ) That from a bear ? No . What is it , then ? You know this forest . What could it be ? John ! ( THUNDER CRACKING ) Boy , I 'm in here tight . If this wind kicks up any higher , I can 't clear those trees . Sure hope you and your friends don 't mind walking out of here . You remember we talked about those poachers ? See those nets over there ? They string them across the river And catch everything that comes down . ( SQUAWKING ) ( YELLS ) ( WEEPING ) MAGGIE : Rob ! Maggie ! What is it ? There are two of them , and one 's alive . ( CRYING ) We gotta get this one warm . Leave it here . Let it die . Let it die ? Do you know what this is ? This is evidence . This may be the evidence That 'll save your people and this forest . John , get the other one . ROB : Let 's get out of here ! PILOT : No way ! What do you mean ? You see those trees ? That 's 40 miles an hour ! I gotta get someplace warm ! So what do we do ? Take shelter ! How long ? Two hours , maybe less . We don 't have the time ! I 've gotta get this thing back or it 'll die ! What is that ? Never mind . Come on . I warned you when we came down . I can 't do it ! Christ . How far is your village ? Too far . Ten miles . Is there something else , someplace else ? My grandfather . Tents ? It 's only half a mile . Look , I need someplace where it 's warm , Where I can work on this thing to keep it alive . We can build fires inside . We can make it warm . Let 's go there . There 's no other choice . Okay , let 's go . ( THUNDER CRACKING ) ( SPEAKING NATIVE LANGUAGE ) RAMONA : John ! John ! It 's all right ! They 're not here ! M 'Rai ? Which one ? Go in that one . Go in that one . ( RAMONA SPEAKING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE ) Get this inside ! We 're gonna need some light in here . Can we get some light ? The old man is gone . They don 't know where . ROB : I said , could you get me some more light in here ? RAMONA : Here , here 's a lantern . ROB : Now , you said you could get this place warm . RAMONA : I 'll bring in some embers . Can these people help us ? They can send someone from the village . Send them . Tell them to get people here . I want people to see this . Is there a newspaper in town ? Yes . Get them here with a camera . And people from that paper mill , and that sheriff . Not that sheriff . I can 't do that . Hawks ! He 'll see the truth here , And you have more at stake in this truth than I have . Please hurry . Can you get that lantern above the table ? MAGGIE : Will it die ? I don 't know . I hope to keep its heart beating with a little adrenalin . Do you want some rags ? Yeah , not too hot . Not steaming . Nothing down there but dirt . Any supplies ? Not any that I could see . ( SQUAWKING ) What I could really use is a sterile jar . MAN : I 've got a jar of vitamins in my pack . Look . ( SCREECHING ) MAGGIE : Can 't you stop it ? I don 't dare sedate it . Here 's the rag . That 'll help . Here 's your jar . Okay . Maggie ? Maggie . Yes ? In my bag there 's some surgical tubing . ( CREATURE SCREAMING ) ( SNORTING ) Come on . I know it 's a nightmare , okay ? But it 'll be over soon . We 'll get out of here in the morning And go home tomorrow . You know what that old man said about This creature awakening to protect them ? In a strange way , that 's true . This is gonna stop what 's going on . People can 't ignore it anymore . There 's a reason . There 's a reason it 's happened . There 's a reason why we 're here . I 'm pregnant . What ? I 'm pregnant . And I ate what the mother of those creatures ate . ( SOBBING ) It 's not a nightmare that 's gonna end . It 's just beginning because it 's inside me . I 'm pregnant . It 's the ugliest sound I 've ever heard . Why didn 't I know ? You didn 't wanna know ! I tried to tell you , but you wouldn 't listen ! You were too busy playing God to be a human being ! I thought having a baby Would bring us closer together . It 's not a baby anymore . ( WEEPING ) Maggie ... No ! Ah . We can take care of it . No ! I can 't kill it ! I wanted a baby . I know . I know . We 'll get through it . We 'll get through it . MAGGIE : It wants to be born . Mr. Verne ! I feel it . ( CREATURE SCREAMING ) ( VEHICLE APPROACHING ) I 'll stay in the tunnels until they 're gone . Mr. Verne , what 's the meaning of this ? It 's the answer , Mr. Isely , To some very Important questions . ( CREATURE SQUAWKING ) This is a result of methylmercury Spilling out of your plant . My God . Did you know ? ( CREATURE SCREECHING ) Did you know ? I didn 't want to . ( RUSTLING ) M 'Rai ! Welcome . ( ROARING ) ( MAN SCREAMING ) ( GRUNTING ) ( SCREAMING ) Get into these tunnels ! The tunnels ! Get into these tunnels ! ( SCREAMING ) ( ROARING ) ( ALL PANTING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( ROARING ) ( ROARING ) ( ROARING IN DISTANCE ) ( MAN SCREAMING ) ( CREATURE GRUNTING ) ( MAN YELLS ) ( ROARING ) ( MAN GRUNTS ) ( CREATURE SQUAWKING ) ( RUMBLING ) ( MUFFLED SQUAWKS ) ( ROARING ) ( MAN SCREAMING ) ( MAN SCREAMING ) ( CREATURE ROARING ) ( MAGGIE SCREAMING ) ( SOBBING ) ROB : Hawks , the pilot 's barely alive . We gotta get him to town . The town is too far . It 's 12 miles . Our village is closer . ROB : He 's in a coma . Can we carry him that far ? JOHN : I can make a stretcher to carry that pilot . ROB : Will there be a car in the village ? No , but there 's shelter there , And we can send for help . BETHEL : It 'll take too long . If we send someone from the village , By the time they get back , we 'll be looking at nightfall again . ROB : And what 's our alternative ? Who knows when that damn thing will come back ? JOHN : What about the helicopter ? There 's a radio in there . No , it doesn 't work unless it 's up in the air . BETHEL : There 's a microwave tower . It 's on the top of Mount Emery , Controls all the communication in this area . ROB : How far is that ? Six , seven miles , maybe . Can 't walk six miles through the forest Not knowing where that damn thing is . I can . You go to the village . I 'll go there . If I can make contact , You 'll be out of here by nightfall . Now , let me do this , now . Ah ! ( CREATURE SCREECHING ) ( PANTING ) ( FLIES BUZZING ) ( ROARING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( CREATURE GRUNTING ) ( GASPING ) ( ROARING ) ( CRUNCHING ) ( SCREAMING ) ROB : Where did they go ? RAMONA : They 've taken everything . ROB : Where can we put him ? JOHN : Let 's take him inside . ( CHANTING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE ) ROB : I think we 'd better try for town . RAMONA : He 's delirious . ROB : I don 't wanna spend the night here . Listen , three-quarters of a mile from here , Where they cut the trees , they left a carrier . Carrier ? It 's like a tank . It 's used for moving equipment . It 'll go through anything . Will it run ? There are tools in the cabin . I 'm gonna cross the wires . How long will it take to get to town ? If we leave now , three hours , maybe four . It 'll be night by then . It 'll be night here , too . But we have shelter here . This isn 't shelter enough . Let 's go . Come up here . ( CREATURE CRYING ) ( ROARING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( ROARING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( CRUNCHING ) ( ROARING ) ( PANTING ) The cabin ! ( MAGGIE SCREAMING ) ( CREATURE GROWLING ) Maggie ! ( GROWLING ) ( ROARING ) Katahdin . Katahdin ! ( RAMONA SCREAMS ) ( ROARING CONTINUES ) No ! ( ROARING ) ( GROANING ) ( PANTING ) ( COUGHING ) ( ROARING ) ( ROARING ) It 's coming . ( ROARING ) It 's drowned . It 's drowned . It 's drowned ! It 's drowned ! It 's drowned . ( ROB WEEPING ) ( GURGLING ) It 's drowned . It 's ... It 's drowned . It 's drowned . ( ROARING ) ( SCREAMING ) ROB : Let 's barricade this place ! Maggie , light ! ( HAMMERING ) Christ ! ( BANGING ) ( CREATURE GRUNTING ) ( ROARING ) ( GUNSHOT ) ( ROARING ) ( ROARING ) ( ROARING ) ( CREATURE GRUNTING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( CREATURE SCREAMING ) ( GRUNTING ) ( SCREECHING ) ( YELLING ) ( GRUNTING ) ( ROARING )
