 # ... universe # # We keep the galaxy from getting worse ! # # Always jogging on the spot . # # We 're the Space Force , an ace corps . # # We will fight to keep your planet free , # # you can see us fight the tyranny . # # We can help you out a lot , # # We 're the Space Force ... # # ... we 're all you 've got . # # We fly through the stars to the rescue in a hurry , # # ready to defend any Tom , Dick , or Merry . # # If yo asteroid is in distress , # # or your solar sys ' is in a mess , # # or , when things don 't look so hot : # # Call an ace corps , call the Space Force . # ( You can even call collect ! ) # Call the Space Force , of course ! # ( Who ? ) Hear ye , hear ye . This is the ship crier , and all is well . Here 's today 's environmental program for Alliance Space Force Leo . Rain simulation on deck 4 , snow simulation in all recreation areas . And , as requested by those fun lovers on deck 11 : We are continuing the drought on deck 12 . Captain Stoner ! Agent Berkowitz didn 't make contact like he was supposed to . Try raising him on the emergency frequency . Well I can 't ! I have my girlfriend Clarice on the emergency frequency . - Your girlfriend ? - I 'm glad you asked . She 's having a big dinner party for me , but the commuter credits are all on strike , and she couldn 't go shopping ... Private Flec , that frequency is for military emergencies , not personal ones . Roger sir , as a rodge . The computer channel 's open . Hello , dummies ! No offense ! Well , what do you want to know ? Ask me a question and I tell you no lies . DORC , compute last known location of agent Berkowitz . - That 's easy ... Ask me something hard ! - DORC ! Alright , he last reported from the planet Algon , the Upper West Side . - Thank you . - That 's all ? I live to give answers ! Come on , ask me another question . - Alright : Why do you insist on speaking in that stupid German accent ? I was made in Germany , what should I talk like , an Eskimo ? Next question . We have no further questions at this point in time . Wait a minute . I do , Dorc . What size Turkey for sixteen dinner guests ? 25 to 30 pounds . So what kind of stuffing are you gonna use ? Dorc ! You 're supposed to be used for military business , not cooking business ! Why not ? I 'm a DORC-type computer , right ? That stands for Digital , Omnifunctional , Rotisserie , and Computing . When the ribs are done , just shove your bird in here , I 'll cook it for you . - Who are those ribs for ? - The morale officer , colonel Sanders . - DORC ... - Don 't try it , ... I 'm warning you , I know karate . Oh captain Stoner , commander Hinkley wants to see you . Thank you private Flec . Commander Hinkley said he did not want to be disturbed . You just said he wanted to see me . I know . That 's two orders he gave me . I 'm confused . Use your brains . Which order should you pay attention to ? Do you think I can get DORC to help me on that one , sir ? - Flec , get out of my way . - Yes sir . Wait ! There 's a piece of string on your uniform ! - There is ? - Can I have it for my collection ? - Are you still collecting string ? - Uhuh . String . Ice cream sticks . Broken buttons , and shells . But string 's my favorite . Flec , I think it 's time for a visit to the ship psychiatrist . Right . I 'll make an appointment for you . - Not me , you ! - Okay , we 'll go together . - Flec ! - Attention : It is now officially evening . We are putting all internal systems to night mode . Corporal Milford ? I 'm innocent , I didn 't mean to , I thought I ... Oh , Eve , it 's only you . You could have been cap-captain Stoner . I know he 's going to ca-catch us this time . Don 't worry about him ! What 's with all this money ? Oh , you don 't wanna know . It 'll make you an acce-accessory . Accessory ? Don 't be silly , come on , tell me . O-okay ... While you were away on leave , captain Woods organized a carnival to raise money for a chil - a Children 's Hospital on planet Triton . So ? - The so is , ... we 're selling unauthorized military gear to civilians , and what 's worse , we 're selling unauth-unauthorized joyrides in our star-star correar . You shouldn 't have told me that Milford ! - Why not ? - It makes me an accessory ! You know , this whole deal is making me very nervous . That 's why I get another hic-hic-hiccup-hiccup attack . Oh , so that 's what that noise is ! I thought it was the sink backing up . - Sargeant Bailey ... - We 're innocent ! Oh , captain Woods , Zabar . See ? I told you old George here wouldn 't forget our names . I 'm sure glad you 're back , we can really use you in this deal we 're running . I thought you 'd never ask . Is this one really for a children 's hospital ? Yeah honest . Cross my nose and hope to die . The entire Galaxy has come . This charity has touched their hearts . And their wallets : We even got a very nice price for commander Hinkley 's bathtub . What ? You took commander Hinkley 's bathtub ? - He 'll never miss it ! - Of course he 'll miss it ! He 's got to miss it ! The bathwater can go all over the floor ! Milford , all things belong to all people . The commander 's bathtub belongs to the universe . Wow that 's gonna leave one heck of a ring ! Captain Stoner 's going to catch us . Count me out of this deal , okay ? Well Milford , if you want out , you 're out . Thanks . Does that mean I don 't get my cut ? That 's it Bobby , keep your greedy side up . Okay everyone , let 's get back to work , and nobody gets a cut . What time is it anyway ? Tme ? Time for people to come together as brothers , time for planets to revolve as one , time for universal understanding . - It says all that on your watch ? - No my watch says 3 : 45 . You know lieutenant , sometimes your Brotherhood compulsion makes me want to smack you in the chapter . I can 't help it . My people are born with Brotherhood in their chops . Squad one scramble , squad one scramble . UPI vessel for invading alliance perimeter . All right let 's go . Hold it slow folks . Wait a minute , captain Stoner , is this another one of your dumb drills ? Exactly . And it took this crew 18.4 seconds . Should be ashamed of yourselves . You 're right , Stoner . Crew ! Look ashamed ! A little more . Too much . Pick it up . In between . Stow the ashamed . What a poor excuse for a military outfit . This crew better shape up ! Except for you , Bailey , you 're in ... pretty good shape as it is . Captain , you have a way with words . A sickening way , but a way nonetheless . Stoner , who 's the idiot who authorized this drill ? Me . I mean a clever way to catch you in the middle of one of your crooked deals , don 't you think ? - Why don 't you get off our backs ? - It 's to be expected skipper . Our squad is suffering this harassment from captain Stoner because I 'm an alien . Don 't be so sensitive Zabar , that 's not be only reason I 'm harassing you . I could care less if there 's a geek in this squad . Captain we don 't use that word in the Space Force . I am not offended captain . Since the universe is as one , if I am a geek he is a geek . Hey Stoner that makes you Zabar 's geek-in-law . It does not ! Just because you pilot one of those glamorous little Starcraft you think you 're better than me . Don 't be so sensitive Stoner . That 's not the only reason I think I 'm better than you . I have hundreds of reasons . Is that so ? One day I 'll have the evidence to prove to commander Hinkley . that you 're not the sterling officer he thinks you are . The computers indicate you been logging unscheduled starcraft flights , and I 'm going to find out why . I 'm going to be watching this crew like a Venutian cathawk . In that case we 'd better lay in a supply of cat hawk litter . Well he so suspicious now he 's bound to find out about the carnival . There 's only one thing for us to do . - What ? - Start hiccupping . Stoner ! You know Barney Nicholson ? - Barney Nicholson ! No commander Hinkley , I don 't . - Well I went to the Academy with him and here 's his picture in Stars And Stars , he just got a humanitarian award from some alien planet . How come I don 't get humanitarian awards ? Look at him posing with these alien weirdoes . Yugh ! Good evening commander Hinkley . Still no response from agent Berkowitz . Commander Hinkley we may have an emergency on our hands . Well I wouldn 't call it an emergency that I didn 't get an award , even though I deserve one more than this Nicholson creep . Sir , the emergency concerns agent Berkowitz . Is he getting an award too ? No sir . He failed to make contact . Well then why is he gettting an award ? He 's NOT ... sir . See , he 's missing , and we 're trying to find out what happened to him . Missing huh ? That 's probably why he failed to make contact . Genie , do I have to think of everything around here ? Oh no sir . But sir I would like your authorization for a round-the-clock sensor surveillance of captain Woods and his crew . They 're up to something . - Do you have any evidence ? No sir I need the sensor surveillance to get the evidence . But I can 't authorize a sensor surveillance , unless you have some evidence . - Then what should I do ? - Well , take a cold shower ! That 's what I 've been doing ever since my bathtub disappeared . Eve , you translocate . Milford , when you get back down to the carnival get the next group ready to translocate up here . Zabar , you go activate the Starcraft and keep an eye out for Stoner . As for me I 'll just stand here and give orders . Go ! Go ahead . - Captain Woods , this is Flec , I gotta warn you about something . - What is it Arnold ? - Aha . - That 's it . Bye . I give up , is it an essay question or multiple choice ? - Out with it . - Well we may as well fess up . Eve , you fess first . - Alright . The truth is , that me and captain Woodsiepie have a little thing going . I 'm surprised at you Bailey . Fooling with a Woodsiepie when there 's a captain Stoner on board . Oh , I 'm really flattered by your offer but I 'm afraid what your type can do to a girl like me . And what does my type do to you my dear ? Gives me the willies . Still playing hard to get eh Bailey ? - You read me like a book . Captain Stoner to the bridge urgent . Captain Stoner to the bridge urgent . You two fish aren 't off the hook ! I 'm gonna reel you in yet ! Holy makrel ! Hear ye , hear ye . We have an environmental request . Here 's simulated full moon , light breezes , and Sergio Mendes and Brasil 2566 . Flec , institute complete sensor surveillance of the translocator room . I want to find out what captain Woods and his crew are up to . Oh you can 't do that without commander Hinkley 's authorization . Nevermind I 'll cross that bridge when I come to it . You 're already on the bridge . I know that , you called me here , now what 's this all about ? Calm down . The war minister of Algon wants to talk to you about agent Berkowitz . Put him on the video stream while I buzz commander Hinkley . Greetings , imperialist warmongers . The alert and vigilant special planetorial police of the planet Algon , a loyal and proud satellite of the United Planetorial Republic , has captured your secret agent Berkowitz , and he will be executed in twenty four hours for crimes against the state ! I never saw that man before , and we have no agent Berkowitz , but if the planet Algon of the totalitarian United Planetorian Republic has in its custody an innocent citizen of the alliance of free planets named Berkowitz , we demand his immediate release . What 's all this heavy breathing ? Oh hi , Berkowitz . Stoner , why is agent Berkowitz dressed in robes ? The truth has come out ! Agent Berkowitz will be released never . And she will suffer the consequences . End of transmission . Did you hear that ? Do you know what that means ? - Asthma ? - No sir ! It means our way of life has been challenged . We must attack the planet Algon and bring them to their knees . - Attack ? - Yes sir . You 'll be following in the footsteps of famous military heroes of the past : Alexander the Great , Napoleon Bonaparte , George Patton , Luther L. Bingbanger . Founder the Bingbanger Space Academy . - None other . And the name of commander Irvin Hinkley will go down in history as a hero of this decision . Yeah ... What decision ? The decision to attack Algon . Oh , that decision . Of course , carry on Stoner . Attention bridge personnel , I have good news : Prepare for attack ! Oh no ! I 'm a thinker not a fighter . And I think you 're making a big mistake . Defense shields activated . - Good ! Laser cannons fully charged . - Better ! Pulverizer banks loaded . - Best ! Flec , listen to this : Defeated creatures of the planet Algon , I come to you not as a hostile conqueror , but as a loving and benevolent victor . - No that 's no good . - Why not ? Well your name isn 't Victor . It 's Irvin . Well what do you suggest ? I come to you as a loving and benevolent Irvin . I 'll take it under advisement . - That 's all I ask . Stoner , why wasn 't I consulted before you called this attack ? That 's procedure . Gee I was smack in the middle of one of my crooked deals . The Algonites have captured agent Berkowitz and refused to release him . Commander . Commander Hinkely , do you approve this action ? Yes sirree Bob . What action ? Wouldn 't it be better to try to solve it without fighting ? - No . - No . - Without bloodshed ? - No ! - No . Without risking your own lives ? - No . - Yes ! What d 'you have in mind my boy ? - Well I don 't know , but give me some time and I 'll bring Berkowitz back without bloodshed . I don 't like to make a mess . Well I could use a little more time on my victory speech . Captain Woods you have twelve hours . - Twelve hours ? - Six hours . - Six hours ? - One hour . - One hour ? You have one hour to save the universe . Good luck . Hey wait a minute kids , wait wait wait wait . Hey how come the translocator runs on battle alert ? - We 're going into battle . - Battle ? What battle ? The translocator ! That 's how we get Berkowitz off of Algon ! Berkowitz ? Who 's Berkowitz ? Captain , translocation will require Berkowitz 's exact coordinates . Who 's Berkowitz ? DORC , I need some information , isolate all channels but ours . Oh goodie ! This is my busy day and I love it ! Will somebody please tell me who Berkowitz is ? DORC , we have to know where the Algonites are holding Berkowitz , what are his exact coordinates ? How am I supposed to answer that , I 'm a computer , not a fortune teller . You don 't see no earrings hanging on me do you ? DORC , figure something , we have to get those coordinates . Well , my memorybanks tell me I 'm on pretty good terms with a cute little computer on Algon . I 'll plug into her circuits . Maybe she has the information . Algon computer central here , this is Meribeth , main computer speaking . Hello Liebchen , this is DORC ! DORC ? Oh hello , big daddy ! I want to ask you something . - Anything for you Dorkiepoo . - Dorkiepoo ? - When you got it , you got it . Listen , sweetheart , do you have the coordinates for agent Berkowitz in that great set of memory bank you got ? I can 't tell your that , it 's top secret . DORC , do something , sweet talk it out of her . Alright , but first I 've got to set the mood . Schatzi , E equals MC square . Oh , DORC , stop ! I don 't know how her but I 'm falling in love . Do you want me to give you the cube root of 1,728 ? No ! You know cube roots drive me wild ! I feel like a peeping tom . Milford , these kids are too young for this , get them back to their planet . Too bad it all has to end . - End ? We 're going to save Berkowitz , there 's going to be a war , and I could come back with a war wound . - Oh no ! - Right in my most important parts . Berkowitz 's coordinates are 34 27 by 12 . Thank you from the bottom of my parts . Come back any time . Anybody got a cigaret ? Here 's the sensor surveillance report . So that 's what Woods is up to ! I 've got him now ! Oh no ! Captain , the translocator just burned out . We can 't get Berkowitz back and there 's a bunch of civilians atomized in space . Okay now give me the bad news . - It 's right be-behind you . Alright captain Woods , where 's Berkowitz ? - And who-who 's Berkowitz ? Commander , the translocator burned out , I need some more time . - Your time is up . - Sir , I can fix the translocator . You ? You 're a fruitcake ! Captain , Arnold Flec happens to be an electronic genius . Besides being a fruitcake . Go to it Arnold . Okay , but it 's gonna cost you a lot of string . String is no object , the sky 's the limit . I need an R-type crystal pack capacitator panel . I need an ice pack . - An ice pack ? What for ? Well all this hammering is giving me a headache ! - Flec ! - Okay , okay , I can live with it . - Flec , get back to work ! - Why ? It 's fixed . Great ! Milford , glum onto Berkowitz 's coordinates and bring him up . Roger . I 'll bring up Berkowitz , whoever-whoever he is . Welcome back Berkowitz ! Corporal Milford will escort you to the debriefing room . Who 's Milford ? I think you two are going to hit it off just fine . Well commander , there 's your Berkowitz . Excellent work captain Woods . I 'll recommend you for the Alliance peace medal . Medal ? Change that to court-martial . Commander Hinkley , squad one has been illegally using military equipment to translocate unauthorized civilians aboard this ship . Unauthorized civilians , what unauthorized civilians ? Oh , THOSE unauthorized civilians ! This is a very serious offence captain Woods . I have no choice but to place you and your crew under arrest . Take them to the brig . - With pleasure . Very well , take us away , for we are indeed guilty ... guilty of helping to rebuild a children 's hospital for the good people of the planet Triton . And while we accept the blame the credit for this unselfish humanitarian gesture belongs to a benefactor who wishes to remain anonymous , but whose initials are commander Irvin Hinkley . Hinkley . Hinkley ? That 's me ! Oh sir , there I 've gone and let the cat out of the bag . Yes , now everyone knows that you are the generous man who authorized 'Operation Hospital Help ' . - You authorized it ? - Stay out of this , Stoner . Yes , and for that compassionate gesture these people will give you their love , their admiration , and their gratitude . - How about a humanitarian award ? - You 've got it . Eat your heart out Barney Nicholson . Congratulations mr. humanitarian . How about a speech ? - Speech ! - Speech ? Well , if you insist ... Defeated creatures of the planet Algon ... I come to you not as a hostile conconqueror , ... but as a loving and benevolent Irving .
