 I was born under the sign of Cancer , the crab , the water sign . For this reason my greatest fear was to die by fire . But how to explain to a moth that he mustn 't come near the flame . The moth ... was me . Like a moth to a flame I get burned Just the same I 'm coming to you I 'm coming for Your love My future is my past ... My blood ! Nice death , isn 't it ? Since we can now send a man into the future , it 's no longer needed to keep this project secret . You know , Sylvana , as soon as we can send a man into the past , we 'll be able then , with no problem at all , to realize our ancestral dream : Immortality . We won 't be able to control him . Can we trust him ? Yes , undoubtedly . He 's not only a great actor , he 's also an exceptional human being . You lived with him for three years . What happened then ? He became a huge star , right ? In fact he was already famous way before his marriage . His wife died three years ago . Accident or suicide , nobody knows . Terence lives alone in his castle near Bordeaux . He hasn 't make another movie since the death of his wife . In fact , we talk about him without really knowing . Maybe he 's not alone anymore . What kind of life is he living nowadays , without Viviane ? Maybe he has dragged someone else into his usual atmosphere of secrets and wandering . We need him . You 're the only one who can approach him . We 're aware that this experiment could mean death for him , but we need Terence . I have reasons to believe that although he 's ready to relive , he 's not paying any particular attention to life . Starting with this interview I felt involved in a very odd story , the ending of which would be tragic . Was it really curiosity or desire that motivated me to see Terence again ? So that , a short time later , I ended up in an unknown house , owned by Terence whom I once loved before we separated . Strange story ... I was curious to know the reason for her visit , my old flame . Surely not that insatiable curiosity , the public curiosity that I had managed to avoid these last years . She knew me too well . She taught me everything . At least about women . Was it about my late wife ? Could she be manipulated by beings with mindsets more Machiavellian than hers ? I decided to wait and observe . I am very happy to see you again after all these years . But it seems unreal because I could never imagine you living in this kind of place . You 've changed a lot . I mean ... the man I 've known , the man you used to be . The drug addict homosexual . Among other things . What are you doing these days ? I 've made a few movies . And ... We visited this house with Viviane after we married . She loved it so we bought it and when ... when she died ... well , I ... I decided to stay here . Because I ... I feel she 's still with me here . Tell me , what kind of love brought you two together ? Well , Viviane ... was tender and fragile . Like a child . Yes , a child ... A beautiful child .. And I felt guilty ... when she ... when she died . As if I was the only one responsible . I made a film . I was doing a picture and Viviane was alone at the castle . She took some sleeping pills . After that , I don 't know . I was in no state to react , to face reality . I felt the urge to be alone , to find myself again . Hello Terence . - Oh , hi . How are you ? - OK . Fine if I watch TV ? - Yes , of course . See you later . Who 's that ? - What , oh her ? Yes , it 's ... the charming Gabriella . She comes to watch TV . So , are you satisfied to see me on top form ? I am really very happy . I came for several reasons . I suppose you 've already guessed . - Come on , spill the beans ! First , I wanted to see you again because you are an important part of my life . Here 's the second reason : Have you ever heard about ... the Temporal Research Institute ? Not at all . Well , I met the research team of that Institute . They 've been very convincing and I want to convince you in my turn . They 've been working on a project for many years . It 's an extraordinary project : a journey in time . But , for this journey in time ... For this , they need a temporal traveler . The Temporal Research Institute . It made me smile . A time travel bargain ! It appealed to me , I must be frank . But why me , an old rock star who had ridden the white horse of death and fell from it with no strength left ? Even now , I don 't understand what led me to go back to the city with her . Perhaps the need for applause , or was I just tired of going round in circles ? Since you 're asking me to meet them ... I 'll see them . At the same time , for you it means a return to reality . Mr Terence Stamp is here . - Show him in . You 'll have to convince him . - Yes , I will . Terence . Frederic . We 'll use emotional energy as fuel for your time travel . We know how to capture that energy . And how to store it . That energy is provided by human emotion , right ? - That 's it . Where do I step in ? If we want to send a man into the future , we need a huge quantity of that energy . A worldwide TV live show where a man would be ready to risk his life . Such a show would allow us to store that huge quantity of energy . If it 's just about risking his life , any modern gladiator could ... . No . People would remain completely indifferent to the fate of a simple stuntman . But if the viewers could identify themselves with the fear of a man facing death , we 'd be able to store the maximum energy . That 's it . An actor could convey emotion . - Exactly . Fear of death is a good pretext but ... - Listen . That energy can only be used by the man who prompted it . To be more specific , you will receive a violent emotional shock that will make you reveal the future like an oracle . Or the past . It 's a possibility . But if your return from the future is not a problem for us , we can 't guarantee the same if we send you into the past . To resume , your set-up is a live show on TV , the actor will stand in the middle of a large beach and the danger will be the rising sea . Ah , here 's our famous metaphysician botanist ! Our General is feeding his hobby in this garden . Japanese arboriculture . He 's a veritable master of this art . It 's a method which uses prayer to increase growth . The secret lies in the vibrations of the voice . You see , when we film that experience , our team will be so far away that your life will be in real danger . We 'll play the game without the slightest concession . You 'll be alone . And the danger confronting you will be real . Aren 't you afraid of losing that man ? No . Our main worry is that the man selected for that experiment may not really sense fear . We create an event . We hope to have half the worldwide population as an audience for that event . And we hope that our audience , take care of that rock , will be strongly affected . That 's where you step in . To convey your terrible dread to this huge audience . It 's a nice script , huh ? I guess so . When we have captured all that energy , we 'll be able to send you into the future . And keep you there too . Whilst the energy lasts . When it 's spent , you 'll be automatically recalled to the present . How long into the future ? - It depends . Your concept of time is probably different than ours . Frank , could you explain to him ? You see , when you travel in space , going fast can be a misleading impression . Of course you 'll travel at the speed of light , but ... what will seem for you a very short time in space will be infinitely longer for us . As we 'll stay stuck on Earth . - In other words , one hour for you can mean two days for us . I see . What positive result do you expect from all this ? On a financial matter , we want to put up the biggest media operation in its entire history . You can imagine what that means . - Other motives than marketing strategies ? It 's the kind of dream which we 're all fascinated by . To rule the world . We all want to be Gods . Yes , I understand . It 's interesting . Let 's have a walk . - Listen . You 'll have to be very focused on the time of your departure for the future because it will also be the time of your return . Under no circumstances are you allowed to forget this fact . If you focus on another tragic moment of your life in your memory , you 'll die there . You 're offering me the opportunity of an exciting adventure ! Camera - Check . - Delay transmission interval three seconds . Energy conversion unit . - Check . - Energy accumulator control sphere . The copter has just dropped off Terence in the middle of the sea , 10 km from the coast . The sea is rising very quickly today . Remote control panel ... I played them the egomaniac actor routine and they bought it . It restored my confidence . When I was certain that they would need me after the first phase , for their time travel , I told myself , there 's no real danger . They can 't kill me live on TV . I 'll make a few faces , I 'll take the money and go home . I was wrong . The other screen broadcasts with a slight delay , in case something happens and we have to stop the show . What , for instance ? - Well , there 's a real danger . " Ready to go on air in long distance Mondio-Vision . " Dear audience , good morning . We are gathered here for Phase 1 , in the most audacious and exciting experiment in human history : Time travel . Terence Stamp has just been dropped in the middle of Mont St. Michel 's bay , 10 kilometers from the coast and with no possibility of being rescued . He 's going to risk his life in front of thousands of viewers . Alone . surrounded by quicksands , he 'll have to defend his life against the rising tide and icy currents . The aim of Phase 1 is simple : To provoke fear in you , dear viewers , in a quantity sufficient to produce and gather emotional energy . That energy will be captured live and if the experiment succeeds it will serve as fuel for travel into the future , Phase 2 of our experiment . In Phase 1 , Terence Stamp 's survival is imperative since it 's him who generates in you , dear viewers , the emotional energy for which he 's the only one able to make good use during Phase 2 . Those waters are very strange Very strange ... Is the energy accumulator functioning ? Quivering , strange and smooth ... Very subtle ... Very mysterious ... Very cunning ... Will the tide come from behind him ? Not only . It 's rising from all sides . How tempting that little isle , yet inaccessible because of the tide and the quicksands ! Checking on audio signal levels . How 's the quality ? - 45 dbs . How about the receptor 's noise factor ? - Minus 318 . You slide towards me on the wet sand , liquid , effervescent , self-assuredly ... We look alike , you know . I 'm like a bubble . And you too . You want me back . He doesn 't seem to enjoy himself ! The accumulator levels show now the arrival of an intense emotional charge . Leak that info . It will be useful to intensify the suspense of the show . Accept the Iranian offer . The ocean is closing its trap . Escaping has become impossible . The sea is moving forward on all sides . In a few moments , icy currents will invade Terence 's last refuge . We must bring him back ! Why ? He seems to enjoy the situation . He 's panic-stricken . He 's trying to escape the currents to avoid water 's deadly trap . But I have the impression that the currents are too strong and too cold for him . Call the rescue team now ! Decoy show ready to be transmitted - Thanks . What does it mean ? We have developed a thought transmission capsule that Terence has swallowed . What you see on that screen is the result of the mental pictures he 's sending us . Check energy accumulator input . They 're produced by his imagination . I don 't want to die here . I don 't want to die here . It 's coming for me . It 's coming for me . My dreams have dragged me here . There 's no way out . It 's coming for me . For me ... He 's really living it . - Yep , it 's working great . What a terrifying struggle ! How long will he last ? The situation is desperate . He 's carried by the currents ! That 's his imagination again . No , it 's real ! Cut ! Cut ! The broadcast has been interrupted . Stay tuned . The show will resume soon . We 're off the air , time for us to learn from Control Center what 's going on . From Control Center . Recovery is negative . They saved me . They brought me to this place . What is this woman saying to her children ? Strange ... strange words ... It 's difficult ... It 's difficult for me to be here listening to these words . It 's so painful . It 's so painful for me to listen to these words . Clouds . - Clouds . Water . - Water . Fire . - Fire . Far away ... The wind . Noise of the wind and of the sea . Hello ? So he 's alive . Yes , I see . By a fisherman . It 's unbelievable ! Glad to see you again . - Yeah , me too . You played your part to perfection . Everything worked out just as planned . We have all we need . - Perfect . Very well . We were able to store so much energy ! We 're ready for Phase 2 now . The great departure is for tomorrow . I don 't want to brag but the Phase 1 results have exceeded all our expectations . Viewers have responded positively . It 's unbelievable . Look , we even got a suicide . Wrap me in mourning for being so forgetful , for what I lost . I was certain to find you here . Why did you run away ? Why try to escape ? What are you afraid of ? Why run away from me ? - What do you want ? I want you back . Why did I drag him into this nightmare ? I knew how fragile he was . Gabriella 's unexpected suicide has really upset him . It was so like Viviane 's death . I saw him but he ran away . I think he took off on a motorcycle in the direction of Bordeaux . Control Center calling Unit 33 . Act carefully . He might be dangerous . Bring him in alive . Control Center speaking . The fugitive shook off Unit 33 . Start general research procedure . The death of the young girl had upset me . My relationships with young people have always ended tragically . Two similar suicides , like a recurrent nightmare . To remember Viviane 's death made me feel guilty again . I felt lost like the first night without her . Do you have a room ? The motorcycle chase calmed me down a little . I needed time to snap out of it . I wasn 't superstitious . I could see the trap . I was afraid . Look ! It nothing . It 's nothing . But ... - It 's nothing . It 's awful . - I know , they 're dead . Hello , Terence . Listen . Hello . Control Center speaking . Interception attempt by Mental Unit has failed . He 's now on a dangerous glacier . I refuse ! I refuse ... My rescuer 's coming ... He 's a Seraphim ... I don 't want to lose my eyesight ! Alpha 5 to Control Center . Birdman is on the scene . Recovery is on . Alpha 5 to Control Center . Birdman is on the scene . Recovery is on . Alpha 5 to Control Center . Birdman is on the scene . Recovery is on . Look at the clouds . Look at the clouds . When the sun burned my eyes I knew it meant my end . I got them on the run for a while but now I was finished for sure . They were playing with me . I remember thinking to myself : If I recover my eyesight , I 'll do their damn travel . Good morning . We 're in Mondo-Vision to live together Phase 2 of our travel in time . Today 's event is the final act of an unparalleled experience . Man 's attempt to break down the limits of time . A trip to the future accomplished by one man transported in time by emotional energy . Many questions still remain . Can the traveler absorb the huge quantity of emotional energy stored in the Time Dome ? What confronts him , once in the future ? And there 's the delicate problem of his return from the future . Therein lies the main danger , the unknown . When the return procedure is activated , Terence Stamp will be taken back to the time of his departure . To make it work , his mind will have to focus on the exact time of this departure . If he thinks about the past at any given moment , it means certain death . Am I sending him to his death ? Am I sending you to your death ? Do you know that one wrong move means death ? If you think about the past for one second , if you let yourself go for one second , you 'll die . Do you know that I still love you ? We have destroyed the world . We have finally succeeded in destroying it . But I was alive and free . And alone . I didn 't want to be scared by this loneliness . I had to keep my mind calm , empty and receptive , to see only the beauty . Only the present mattered for me . No more past and future . Neither purpose nor prospects . It was so simple that it had me laughing . But I hadn 't foreseen the insidious and permanent activity of my mind . I had underestimated it . And slowly I was overwhelmed by my memory and my past . If I ever get back my eyesight I 'll fall quiet I 'm thinking now about Viviane ... I 'm afraid ... And I doubt ... It 's scary ... Why ? Why return ? Even if I come back ... you won 't be there . There with me . But if I stay here , I 'll stay alone . All alone . It 's my thoughts , Viviane , my thoughts are my enemies . Remembering you is a torture . How to return ? How to return near you ? Or the past . - It 's a possibility . But your return from the future is not a problem for us , while we can 't guarantee the same if we send you into the past . We can 't guarantee the same if we send you into the past . If you think about the past for one second , if you let yourself go for one second , you 'll die . I 'm coming back to you . translation : aloysius70 timings + editing : corvusalbus
