 'Our struggle to survive in a hostile universe 'had long erased the memory of the disaster 'that first hurled our moon out of Earth 's orbit . 'But recent events on the planet Arkadia 'have revived that painful memory 'and forced us to reconsider our purpose in space . 'And when it started , it was to prove terrifying . ' Aaaaah-ya ! 'Commander . ' - Yes , Paul ? - ' Emergency . ' I owe you one . Return match next week , right ? All right , Commander . Well , what is it ? Sandra , what 's our position ? Eight point five degrees relative . It is no mistake , our course is altering . That 's strange . We 're nowhere near the gravitational pull of that planet . Oh , no , it 's nothing to do with gravitation , or magnetism , either . Let 's find out what it is . Activate long-range sensors . Scanner malfunction . And there is a power loss . There 's a generator fault , a five per cent power loss across the board . Power loss now seven per cent . We 're slowing down ! - Check the sensors . - Nothing . Power loss now ... eight per cent . We 've stopped dead . 'The unbelievable had happened - 'our moon was locked in space . ' Gravity or magnetic forces could affect the course , the speed , of an object the size of the Moon ... But they couldn 't stop us cold like this . No , no , nothing we know of could do that . Then there 's gotta be a third force . It must have something to do with that planet out there . 'We 've completed the generator tests . 'We can 't trace any faults , but ... ' - But ? - ' We 're still losing power . ' How , if the generators are OK ? 'The computer puts it down to " external forces " . ' Great , that tells us everything 'Computer 's not a crystal ball . 'She can only predict on specific data . ' All right , Kano . Paul , what 's the situation ? 'Alpha 's feeling the effect of the power loss . 'A kind of , uh ... creeping paralysis . 'So far only long-range systems are hit , but it 's getting worse . ' Sandra , how long can we last ? At the present rate , we have 38 hours . Phased economies would give us ten hours more . 48 hours . What 's the flying time to that planet ? 30 hours , round trip . 30 hours . All right , we 'll take down a team . Victor , Scientific . Helena , Environment . And two security men . Kano , I want Computer to select two people with the widest experience to round out the team . With the systems down we can 't rely on Main Computer , so take what we need on the surface . Alan , provision the Eagle for eight . Immediate liftoff . Paul , power economy , starting right now ! 'The planet had already been under routine observation . 'Every indication told us it was devoid of any form of life . 'As the power loss was affecting our long-range systems , 'we would shortly lose contact with Alpha . 'So we set course for the planet . 'Once there , we would truly be on our own . 'With us went the future of our people , 'for if we failed , our existence , like the Moon , 'would come to a full stop . ' 'It 's a long ride , so get some sleep . ' Activate phase three power cut , Sandra . Did you sleep well ? - Morning . - Morning , John . We 've circled the planet twice with no sign of habitation . Certainly no indication of intelligent life , but we 're still looking . 'We 're wasting our time . 'It 's just desolation and more desolation out there . ' All right , Alan , keep looking . Victor , what have you got ? Um ... This was a living world once . And then , something happened , some kind of holocaust , which obliterated all life . Then the planet is uninhabitable . - Ah , well ... - No . The atmosphere is stabilised , the radiation levels tolerable , the planet is as it was before life stopped . Let 's get down there and find some real answers ... before life stops on Alpha . Alan , take her down . 'Overpowering impressions crowded in on us 'as we stepped onto the alien planet . 'A sense of timeless solitude . 'The silent touch of an empty world . 'The total absence of life . 'Death had visited this world , so our data told us . 'And as we moved on , we could feel it closing in around us , 'like a shroud . ' All right , let 's set up camp over there . There were living things here once . Birds , animals , maybe even intelligent life . Yeah . We 're just a few thousand years too late . Right , that 's the lot . - Everything 's here , Commander . - Good . All right . Now , if you must leave your designated areas , let Security know . Stay in pairs and maintain communication at all times . And one more thing . The fate of Alpha , all of us ... depends on the answers we come up with . All right , let 's go . Strange place , isn 't it ? So barren and solitary . Any open space would seem like that after being cooped up on Alpha . No . No , it 's something else . A feeling that maybe we are intruders . I don 't know , maybe you 're right . Luke ! What is it ? Scan those trees . 'The first discovery had been made , 'a link in the chain leading to the inevitable , shattering conclusion . 'Helena and Victor had also forged a link . 'The planet was not dead . Its soil was simply locked in stasis , 'waiting for the bacteria that would restart the cycle of life and death . 'But that was before the most incredible discovery of all . ' John ... How much do you know about ancient Earth languages ? Earth languages ? Cos unless I 'm very much mistaken , that inscription is in Sanskrit , a basic proto-European root language . Sanskrit , the mother of tongues . Are you sure ? Well , not entirely , but ... John , Anna Davis is a trained philologist . What ? Maybe Computer knew something we didn 't . Anna , get here right away . Anna ... I don 't believe it . Sanskrit ? Sanskrit , yes . But different , somehow . An earlier form , perhaps . But here , a million light years away from Earth ? How ? Can you decipher it ? Without the use of Main Computer , it will take some time , but yes , I think so . Luke , would you ... Luke ! Yes , Commander . This should warm the game up . This is controller Paul Morrow . Attention , please . Phase four power reductions now operative . 'Until further notice , 'travel tubes between sections one to five are suspended . 'Heating will be reset to number four , 'and lighting systems to half power . ' 'Paul ... Look , I know you 've got problems , 'but without more power , my patients will freeze . ' Sandra , allocate Medical Section four extra units . 'Thanks , Paul . ' Now reduce heating in here by four units . Don 't worry . It can only get worse . How is it going ? If only I had access to the reference library . Yes . And if they could talk , we 'd know how they died . What have you found out ? If you give me a chance , I might be able to tell you ! Sorry . Oh , I 'm sorry . Don 't mind me . It 's just that it 's very difficult . And I can make no real sense of it . I find it very disturbing . Yes . The sooner we get out of this place , the better . Oh , hello . Any luck ? No . Nothing we 've seen could be causing what 's happening on Alpha . - Helena , those skeletons . - They 're humanoid . People very much like ourselves . Bones show that they died of radiation up to 25,000 years ago . That cave could have been their last refuge . And those inscriptions could be their last message . " To you , who seek us out in the ages to come , " we salute you . " The desolation you find distresses ... " No , " grieves we few who will soon die . " Our civilisation gone , our world ... " Arkane or Arkadia , " poisoned , dying . " We who happened ... " Sorry , " caused our own ... " something ... Destruction ? Yes , destruction . " No need now to say " , no , " tell of the final ... event " - " happening ... " - Holocaust ? Yes , that fits . " .. The final holocaust , " when our world flamed in the inferno of a thousand exploding suns ... " There 's more , but the imagery is difficult . Keep trying . " Arkadia is finished . " But she , Arkadia , lives on in the bodies , hearts and minds of those few " who left before the end , taking ... " .. the life , the something ... " The seeds . " .. The seeds of a new beginning , to seek out and ... " Discover ? No , " begin . " Yes , that 's it , " to seek out and begin again " in the distant regions of space . " Heed now the teachings , " testament " , yes , " the testament of Arkadia . " There 's a passage I can make no sense of . I 'll need the reference library . Then it continues ... " You who are guided here make us fertile . " Help us live again . " An Earth language . How could people from Earth be here 25,000 years ago ? No . Earth people didn 't come here . The Arkadians , they found Earth ! Ask Anna . She knows . Tell him , Anna . The trees . Tell him ! We found oak , pine , willow , beech , 40 different varieties of trees , all native to Earth ! You heard the inscription , the Arkadians took the seeds with them . They found a new Arkadia - Earth . Our people originated here , on this planet . 'Though the discovery in the cave left us shaken , 'it did not explain what was destroying Alpha . ' We 're running out of time , Commander . We have to get back to Alpha . 'Alpha was freezing and we still didn 't understand the force 'that held our moon a static prisoner in space . ' We could bring life back to this planet . How long would it take to rejuvenate the soil ? It would take two years to get the crops growing . If we brought our people , how long could we last on survival rations ? There are over 300 people , John . Six months at the most . - Six months . - But with no power , Alpha will freeze to death in 24 hours . So it 's a suicide run either way . But at least down here , we 'd be buying time . Not much time . But time enough to hope . For a miracle . 'And a miracle did occur , 'one that even now is beyond our understanding . 'A force , an indefinable intelligence , existed on the planet . 'And Anna Davis and Luke Faro activated it , 'or were chosen as the agents of its will . 'What passed between them , we 'll never know . 'But they emerged from the cave 'their personalities profoundly transformed . ' 'We 're abandoning Alpha . Come back . ' Phase six power cuts now operative . Heating now automatically reduced to number two . And that includes Medical . 'All experimental sections are closing down . 'Travel tube facilities on Alpha will cease , effective immediately . ' - Morrow , what the hell 's going on ? - There 's nothing I can do . Without heat , you might as well shoot my patients . There 's no way I can give you that power back . Damn it , those people can 't survive ! If these drops continue , none of us will survive ! Then it 's on your conscience . 'Main Mission , come in Main Mission . ' This is Koenig , do you read me ? - ' We have you , Eagle 1 . ' - What 's the situation ? 'Desperate . 50 per cent power loss . ' All right , listen carefully . Put Operation Exodus into effect . We 're evacuating . Details later . Stand by for an important announcement . Phase one of Operation Exodus ... Paul ! It has stopped . The power has stabilised . Check Computer . Commander ! 'The power seems to be stabilising . ' Stabilising ? Are you sure ? Computer confirms . Power loss 50 per cent and stable . We 're not losing any more power . 'The power 's holding . Commander , do we still evacuate ? ' No . Wait till we get there . 'The inexplicable had happened again , 'another event that defied logic . 'Was this a sign that our desperate situation on Alpha was easing ? 'That we could hope for a full recovery 'and avoid an uncertain future on a hostile planet ? 'Only time would tell . ' Helena , check our chances of survival against a permanent half power loss . Shall I work on the planetary data ? No , store it for now , we 'll deal with it later . How are we doing ? - No change . - Good . Paul , inside . Thank you . - Morale ? - Bad . But with this situation , what can we expect ? Our first priority is the lives of our people . - Planet ? - Even worse than here . 'John , if the power situation remains stable , 'our food and essential life support systems can cope . 'It 'll be hard , but we can survive . ' Paul , cancel Operation Exodus . Right . " Neither past nor future . " The future is the past . And the testament of Arkadia , the link . They spoke to us , and we listened to them . You and I , Luke . There is no mistake . 'Technical and Service sections at loading , stand down . 'Security alerts and reconnaissance patrols no longer operative . 'Main Mission to all sections Alpha . 'Operation Exodus is cancelled . Repeat , cancelled . 'Personnel are instructed to report for normal duties . ' Commander , we want to live on that planet . Well , that 's completely out of the question . We belong there . We were guided to that planet . Now , listen to me . Up here we have a chance . A small chance , but a chance . Down there we have none . A few of us could survive . Luke and I ... Yes , you 'd make out , but you 'd have to take half our supplies . Which would make life for us virtually impossible here . I 'm sorry . - But we must go , Commander ! - Just do what I say ! Now , look . We have enough problems up here . Now , please go . The combination of the protein store . Give it to me . I 'll kill you . I 'll kill everybody here . Four , zero , nine eight , zero , four , two , eight , end . Combination correct . Faro , you must be out of your mind . Put that laser away ! I 'll kill her ! Now , do what I ask . All right . An Eagle . Fuelled and ready to take off . Now release Dr Russell . Commander , there was an attack on the food store . Suspect , Anna Davis . We 're looking for her now . Call them off . Do it ! Security , call off the search . All right , an Eagle . What else ? A moon buggy . Stores and supplies to last us three years . Do you realise what the loss of those supplies will do to us ? - Be rational . - You 'll do it , or she 'll die . Faro , you have no chance of survival on that surface ! It 's dead , barren ! No , Commander , we must bring back the sea of life to its place of origin . Luke , if you get what you 're demanding , you 'll be condemning Alpha and all of us to certain death . If it is Alpha 's fate to be the sacrificial lamb , so be it . Don 't you understand ? It was no accident that took us to that planet . Our destiny is clear , pre-ordained from the moment the Arkadians set foot on Earth . He 's asking too much , John . Luke , you 've got a deal . Paul , order stores and provisions and have them stowed on the Eagle . Alan , prepare the Eagle for immediate liftoff . Do it ! Be warned . Any attempt to stop us will fail , and bring down upon you the terrible forces of chaos and destruction . No ! Let him go . 'Luke and Anna were beyond the call of logic and persuasion . 'They were gripped by a fanatical obsession , 'time bombs ticking away , 'with incalculable results for all of us if we opposed them , 'especially for Helena Russell . 'My first priority was to get her back safely . 'But to do that would put the whole of Alpha in jeopardy . ' The supplies are aboard the Eagle . Now , those supplies are vital to us , John , regardless of whose life 's at stake , including Helena 's . Don 't you think I know that , Victor ? Is it ready ? When the ship 's sinking , the rats are the first to leave . Move aside . They 're inside . Luke . We 've done everything you 've asked . Now release Dr Russell . Not yet , Commander . We 've kept our side , release her ! Dr Russell comes with us . Don 't ... We won 't harm her , you have my word . Huh . We 've heard that one before . This is what you 'll do , Koenig . Escort us out into space . Use the unarmed Survey Eagle . And when we 're out of range , then you can have her back . Alan , do as he says . Take Survey Eagle 2 and follow them . Listen , Luke , there 's still time . Release Dr Russell , hand over those weapons , and there 's still a place here for you . There will be no more argument . I do what I must . 'Don 't forget , Koenig , any sign of pursuit and Dr Russell dies . ' I understand . There 'll be no pursuit . Survey Eagle , clear to lift off . Doctor , we 're terribly sorry about all this . - Sorry ? - Mmm . You are killing 300 people . Try to understand . Think of all we 've suffered since the Moon was cast out to roam the wilderness of space , inexplicably , to stop here ? Think , Doctor . It gives meaning to all this . Believe us , there is a purpose . A purpose ? And you believe this purpose of yours justifies destroying Alpha ? ! Doctor , when the lines of destiny meet , the tools it uses are no longer necessary . Isn 't that so ? Look . Look , even if you could survive , Luke , Anna , do you realise what it 'll be like ? The only living beings on that whole barren planet . You 're going to a living hell . No , Doctor . We are going home . 'We were powerless . 'We had no way of knowing what went on out there in space . 'Would they release Helena , 'or would they foist more desperate demands on us ? 'Even Alan Carter , following , was now outside radio contact . 'All we could do was trust the words of fanatics and wait . ' - ' Commander ? ' - Yes , Paul . 'We 've tracked them . 'They 're about to orbit the planet . ' Let me know the second you have radio contact with Carter . - ' Carter ? ' - Yeah ? 'Stand by for docking . It 's time to part company . ' Goodbye , Dr Russell . 'We 'll have voice contact with Carter in a few seconds . ' 'Main Mission , Carter calling . Survey Eagle heading for Alpha . ' Helena ? 'Safe . But we 've lost Luke and Anna . ' - Technical . - ' Commander ? ' - Everything ready ? - ' No problem . - ' Coming through on frequency 220 . ' - Good . - ' Pursuit Eagle 3 . ' - ' Commander ? ' - Pursuit Eagle 5 . - ' Eagle 5 . ' - ' Switch to subspace frequency 220 . ' - ' Right . ' Activate . So , you put a trace on him . That 's right . To get those supplies back . Now , get those Pursuit Eagles launched . Pursuit Eagle 3 and 5 . Ready for launch , Commander . We 're moving ! The power ! We are gaining power ! Cancel the launch . But the supplies . We 've got our power back , we won 't need them . Alan and Helena . Alan , this is an emergency . 'Full power . Alpha 's on the move again . 'Hit that throttle or you 'll get left behind . ' Anna ! - All right ? - Fine . Yeah , we 're fine . Excuse me a moment . You 're sure you 're all right ? I 'm fine . They 're all alone down there . Yeah , Helena , I know . And there 's nothing we can do about it . It was their choice . Was it their choice , John ? 'And so the circle was complete . 'The seeds from Earth , so carefully stored and nurtured by us , 'had returned to their place of origin . 'It is futile to seek answers to the incredible events on Arkadia . 'All we know is that life has restarted there , 'and for us , the creation myth of the first man and woman 'has a new significance . 'Our immediate struggle is over . 'For Luke Faro and Anna Davis , it has just begun . 'They have found their beginnings . 'We still wander the emptiness of space seeking ours . 'We must keep faith and believe ... ' .. that for us , for all of mankind , 'there is a purpose . '
