 Paul , take a copy of that . Helena , you don 't need one . All right , just a minute . Once again I 've sat in at a Command Conference and listened to a cosy round of self-congratulations - " Aren 't we doing well ... Adapting , adjusting , coming to terms ... " And once again I am shocked that we 've not discussed a serious attempt to locate Earth and return . We can 't waste time on something scientifically impossible . Impossible ? The impossible takes just a little longer , that 's all , Commander . Commissioner , we can 't encourage false hope . All of us have had to come to terms with life here on Alpha . Hope is the key to morale . We should maintain it , we should exploit it ruthlessly , in order to achieve what should be our sole objective - going home . Commissioner , our priorities are survival and the search for an alternative place to live . A return to Earth is out of the question . 'Commander Koenig , sensors detect a powered object approaching Alpha 'at speed three-point-seven-two , range four-nine-zero-three . ' What kind of object ? Indications are that it is a manned space craft , Commander . - Kano , when do we have a visual ? - Estimated a minute . - Radio contact ? - None , sir . Keep all frequencies open . Alan , Put Eagles 1 and 2 on a pad for immediate liftoff . I want to show every welcome . And if they 're hostile , sir ? You 'll be the first to know . Visual . - Data analysed and ready . - Let 's have it . 'Subject , unidentified powered object . 'Object will orbit Alpha position at coordinates nine-zero-seven-nine . ' Still no contact ? None , sir . - Eagle 1 ? - ' Commander ? ' Intercept space craft . Lift off . 'Eagle 2 , liftoff . ' Space craft flight unstable . They 're in trouble . They 're not going into orbit . - Distress signals ? - None . Follow it . - It 's gonna crash . - ' Stand clear , Eagles 1 and 2 . ' Paul , order a crash unit to Launch Pad Three immediately . - Call Carter , I want him to fly it . - Yes , sir . Tell Professor Bergman to meet us there . - Kano , any readings of life signs ? - Negative , Commander . Paul , get security to join us . Dr Russell , I 'd like you to come . Koenig , I think I 'd better come too . Commissioner , I need a doctor and a scientist there , not a politician . Carter here , we 'll be lifting off in five seconds . All set ? - I can 't believe it 's just chance . - No , they picked us out , John . A deliberate landing on Alpha . They must know what they 're looking for . I wish we knew . Looks like some kind of a hatch on the port side , Commander . I 'll put her down , see if I can get a connection . Confirm complete contact , sir . Vacuum chamber is ready for entry . I 'm returning Eagle to standby , Launch Pad One . Victor ? Any signs of life ? The atomic structure of the metal is very dense . But , ah ... certainly no movement I can see . Kano , can you get us the spectro X analysis ? 'Spectro X , Commander . ' 'Internal atmosphere zero , lunar gravity . ' Helena , decompress . Victor . Looks like a central locking point . That 's it . Stand back . - Suspended animation ? - Could be . All right , we 've got to start somewhere . Tony , go back to the ship , bring back some lights and Dr Russell 's equipment . Paul , activate gravity control and atmosphere . You have gravity and atmosphere , Commander . I hope they know what they 're doing . None of us knows for sure , Commissioner . Koenig could be in danger , why is there no visual linkup ? Hold on , we 're all breaking our necks for a look . Visual coming up now , Commissioner . 'EKG and EEG both negative . ' 'There 's absolutely no indication of life . ' 'If it was suspended animation , maybe the crash killed them . ' 'No heart function , no brain activity ? ' None as far as I can tell from radio microanalysis - the skin tissue shows no evidence of cell growth . Who were they ? Where did they come from ? We can 't learn any more without breaking this seal . We 've taken every possible precaution . There 's nothing else we can do . Right , let 's do it . - Stand by for biochemical analysis . - ' Main Mission standing by . ' All our instruments indicated that life no longer existed . Yes , we were convinced of it . Only then did we break the seal . Come on , come on , what the hell 's the delay ? Maybe they don 't live by lunar time , Commissioner . 'Paul , have the crash unit stand by . ' 'They 're going to fly the spaceship in on half power . ' 'Crash unit stand down . ' Maintenance crew prepare to receive alien spaceship . Security , stand by travel tube to alien spaceship and prepare for visitors . Excuse me . Well , Koenig ? I think you should introduce us . Captain Zantor , Commissioner Simmonds . Your status , please . I represent Earth authority here on Moonbase Alpha and in that capacity , may I say , welcome . - You represent Earth authority ? - Yes . And may I first assure you that those responsible for the regrettable loss of your crew member will be brought to account . Commissioner , I take responsibility . Yes , you must , as operational commander . We realise that the mistake which destroyed our comrade was from ignorance , not malice . We do not require judicial revenge . Captain , as soon as you 've refreshed yourselves , I suggest we meet to discuss our situation . Dr Russell will see you to your quarters . Be careful , Koenig . They may not be as friendly as they seem . Please accept these gifts as peace tokens from the people of Kaldor . The libra bird was our symbol of peace and freedom . But , like everything else on our planet , it ultimately became sterile . When we left , there were only two surviving pairs . And their eggs , when filled with gold , were greatly prized as memorials to our fading life . Thank you , Captain . We accept your gifts . May I ask how long you 've been travelling ? Approximately three and a half of your centuries . Our planet was dying . Our people sent out many ships . One to each planet we believed could sustain our kind of life . And your ship was programmed to land on this moon ? Only to orbit this moon . Then we would reanimate and prepare for the final stage of our journey , to your planet , Earth . You know our moon 's not in Earth 's orbit ? Yes , I fear that random variations in your trajectory and velocity caused our computer to err . And so we have crashed . It 's remarkable your computer has found us at all . It was so programmed . How could it do otherwise ? Is your computer capable of calculating the present position of Earth ? Yes . - And it 's programmed to reach Earth ? - That is our prime directive . It should be ours , too . Unfortunately ... some of us seem to have lost the will to achieve it . So your hope is to settle on Earth ? If we are welcome , yes . But if you are not ? Then we would submit ourselves to voluntary reduction . In your terms , we would take our own lives . May I suggest that I run some tests to determine if you and our people on Earth are medically compatible ? I 'll help to assess the damage to your ship . I 'll leave you in their hands . - We are grateful . - My pleasure , Captain . A symbol of peace and freedom . Perhaps the impossible doesn 't take as long as we thought . Their ship is bound for Earth . Their computer is programmed for going home . He just said so . What are you suggesting ? Oh , come on . None of you thought we had a chance , this is it . All we need is the courage , the vision ... and the leadership to seize their ship . And the Kaldorians ? Expendable . Cryogenic deep freezing we found to be inadequate for suspended animation . The deterioration of the body can be slowed down , but life itself cannot be suspended in that way . On Earth , you freeze food to keep it fresh , do you not ? Yes , we do here . But the flavour fades . The problem 's the same all over the universe . Exactly . The flavour of life itself is lost . But our process is different . We have found a way of accelerating energy to create a cycle which holds all the cell particles in stasis . There is no reason why that process should not be adapted to human use . I find you sufficiently human , Captain Zantor . Then you will recommend we continue our journey to Earth ? Yes . Your beauty would be greatly enhanced by suspended animation , Doctor . Thank you . To be perfectly at peace ... for seventy-five years . That is the calculated time it will take us to reach Earth . Seventy-five years ? The time will pass like a dream - in an instant . Commander , with your approval we wish to continue our journey . In order to do that we must repair the ship and leave within 20 of your lunar hours . It is impossible to reprogram the computer from its directive . - Dr Russell ? - They 're medically clear . Should you decide that we can go , there will of course be a vacant space on our ship . So one of us can go home ? The similarities between us are greater than the differences . There is no reason why we should not suspend animation for one of you . Thank you , Captain , it 's a most generous offer . Check out the process thoroughly and let me know . Koenig ... Captain Zantor , will you help us set up the experiment ? I know , but if it 'll work for one it 'll work for others . Now seize their ship and six of us can home . Shut up . Given any thought to what Earth will be like in 2074 ? Whatever it 's like , it 's still our home . Our natural home . Simmonds , if that suspended animation process works , the computer will make an unbiased choice of one passenger from Alpha . You 'll be eligible like all the others . - Including yourself , of course . - No . Look , I ought to be the one to go . I have no place here on Alpha , no function . Believe me , if I could rig that computer it would shout out your name . But you take your chance like the rest . Kano . I want Computer to select one person from Alpha to return to Earth . The answer is to be confidential . It 'll take some time , Commander . 'John , serious emergency . The spaceship , immediately . ' There was every reason to believe it would work . - Both computers confirmed it . - Damn the computers ! She is not dead , Commander . Her life cycle is suspended in time . If you 're so clever with life and death , bring her out of it . We 're ready to try again . - Do you know what you 're doing ? - Captain Zantor is in charge . It 's not working . Commander . I had Kano run the Kaldorian data through the computer . - What data ? - The relative position of Earth . It 's that a way . Seventy-five years . What 's that in miles ? Well , the computer passed that one up . It 's busy with other problems . - How are they doing ? - The ship will be ready on schedule . Commander . What 's happening inside ? Thank you . 'Attention Commander Koenig . ' 'Commander , could you return to the spaceship ? We need your advice . ' Dr Russell is in a deeper sleep than is right for the human metabolism . Our mistake was to accept your computer 's profile of her . Our mistake was to allow her to try the experiment at all . We overestimated your computer 's ability to analyse the human spirit . It does not seem to have understood it . Does your computer understand it ? Oh yes . But in reanimating from so deep a sleep , there is a danger of cell damage to the brain . The alternative is ... death . Captain . John , we must trust him . Commander ? Go ahead , Captain . Well , Captain ? Paul . The spaceship will be ready at 0900 hours . - So , one of us is going home . - Looks that way . I have Computer 's choice for the return to Earth . Well , I see you all want to go home . I asked Computer to choose one name . It 's given me three . A classic case of computer buck-passing . Yes ... Supposing you just read the list . No . I 'm not decoding this until Dr Russell convinces me the process is absolutely safe for us . Well , I don 't mind giving it a whirl . Alan , even if it works it won 't be a picnic . Seventy-five years is a long time . Yeah . Keep talking , granddad . Alan , we 're not even sure the Earth still exists . Even if it does ... our families ... those we 've loved ... won 't be there any more . - Eight fifty-five , Paul . - Five minutes to go . - Have Captain Zantor come to see me . - Very good , sir . On his way . You 're supposed to be Commander . You shouldn 't have left that choice to a machine . The choice must be an objective one . The choice is obvious . As Commissioner I 'm not part of your team of experts . My work is on Earth . One word from you and I can be on that spaceship . I 'll promise you only this . If the computer chooses you , you go with my blessings . And if it doesn 't ? Then you wave goodbye with the rest of us . No , I 've been a politician all my life . I don 't believe in chance . Well ... Welcome back to the land of the living . - How do you feel ? - No after-effects at all . There remains only one question to be decided , Commander . Who is going to accompany us to Earth ? Helena , are you totally convinced it 's safe ? We 're beginning to understand it . The process works if the Captain 's computer has a matrix of its human subject . But if someone other than Dr Russell were to go ? Then we shall have to make a matrix of the individual you choose . - Goodbye . - Commander . Kano . I want Computer to make the final choice . One name . - Paul . - Commander ? Begin the countdown . Victor , if Computer chooses you , will you go ? I don 't know . Maybe I 've had enough of Earth and its so called civilisation . What about you , Helena ? I don 't know . It is a nice idea . Kano ! Simmonds has my comlock . Now , you 're going to do exactly as I tell you . Simmonds went to the Maintenance Section and he 's just entered the Power Station . Deactivate that comlock and have Computer program another one for me . Explain to the computer as best you can . Sandra , put me through to the Power Station . 'Simmonds , we have you on visual . ' 'You can come out peaceably or we 'll come and get you . Your choice . ' Open it . Open it ! Get Security to seal off the Power Station . But no one moves in . - Sir . - Sandra , let 's see what he 's up to . 'Switch it off . 'And the other . ' - Simmonds ! - ' It 's too late for talk . ' Simmonds , you 're trapped . 'Really ? I know precisely what I 'm doing . ' Open UP - Sandra , let 's see that close up . Switch to reserve power . - Stabilise that back-up power . - Trying to , sir . Now , listen to me , Koenig . This is my hostage . 'Those men are just stunned . ' Now don 't make me kill anyone . No one on Alpha will live for thirty minutes without this unit in place . Stabilise that power , Paul . Now , I go on that ship or Moonbase Alpha freezes over . It 's up to you . 'What do you say now ? ' Commander , countdown is T minus 28 minutes . Do I continue counting ? Continue . Simmonds , put back that unit . Computer hasn 't chosen yet . Oh yes , I know my chances , Koenig ! Now this way , I go for sure . It 's my decision . You can 't make that decision . I got to be Commissioner by doing what 's necessary , not what 's right . Now , you have 15 minutes to persuade your alien friends ... or freeze . Damn it . Hold the countdown . - Get Captain Zantor here . - Captain Zantor to Main Mission . If there 's one man Alpha could do without , it 's Simmonds . I say let him go . Any decision we make must involve Zantor . We can 't . We can 't let Simmonds jump the computer . Moonbase systems are running down , Commander . We must decide soon . OK . So let Simmonds think he 's going , Commander . We can take him on his way to the ship . Especially if Zantor knows . We can 't play games with that converter . It 's wrong , John , but you 've got to let him go . Captain . Commissioner Simmonds insists on returning to Earth with you . Unless we agree , he 'll destroy Alpha . Is he capable of carrying out this threat ? He is . Then you must accept his terms . - I agree . - It 's blackmail . Let him go , Commander . We 'll be well rid of him . Simmonds . 'Koenig . Your decision ? ' We agree . Give Simmonds restricted access from the Power Station to the spaceship . Guarantees , Koenig . - ' My word . ' - Not enough . Commissioner , you need our cooperation . I will be your hostage . I accept Captain . Here you are , Simmonds . You 'll need this . Thank you , Captain . I understand your position . The Commissioner is ... diseased . It is a tragedy that he should succeed through the use of force . My thanks , Commander . Professor . You may now take your travel position , Commissioner . The rest is automatic . You first . Hello , Earth . Hello , Earth . This is Commissioner Simmonds , returning home . After seventy-five years . 'Hello Earth ? 'Earth Control , do you hear me ? 'Come in , Earth . Hello Earth ? 'Earth ? 'Earth , can you read me ? - ' Hello Earth ? ' - Commander . Yes , Paul ? 'I 'm getting a signal , sir , from the Kaldorian spaceship . ' - What kind of signal ? - ' From Commissioner Simmonds . 'He thinks he 's approaching Earth . ' 'Hello Earth , can you hear me ? 'Earth ? 'Hello , Earth ? 'This is Commissioner Simmonds . Can you hear me ? ' - Zantor knew . He must have known . - No , no . Evidently Simmonds didn 't give him a chance to make a matrix . 'Hello , Earth ? Earth ? ' Earth , can you hear me ? What 's the matter with everybody ? It hasn 't worked . It hasn 't worked ! Koenig ? Koenig , can you hear me ? Koenig ! 'You 've got to help me ! This hasn 't worked ! 'You 've got to help me . Send someone to get me , Koenig . 'Koenig , help me ! ' - There 's nothing we can do . - ' Can you hear me ? Koenig ! ' Koenig ! Zantor ! ZANTOR ! ZANTOR ! For God 's sake ! ZANTOR . Help me , someone . John . Who did the computer finally choose ? Simmonds .
