 'It was the 877th day since our moon left Earth . 'We were between galaxies , drifting through empty space ... ' .. when Tony Cellini began to believe 'that he was closing for a second time with his mortal enemy . ' 'Cellini , are you all right ? ' Yes . I 'm fine , thank you , Doctor . 'Computer raised the alarm . 'Your pulse rate had peaked into the danger zone . ' No , it was a dream , that 's all . Just a dream . 'Anything traumatic ? ' No , nothing . 'All right . If you need any help , I 'm on duty tonight . ' Thank you , Doctor . Thank you . Check . You were playing Computer all day . I was hoping for a real game , Commander . - I beat Computer every time . - Sure , you programmed it . Won 't stop me beating you ... Checkmate . Computer 's probably angry because you insulted her . Tony Cellini 's in the restricted area in Launch Pad 4 but he 's not on duty . Tony ? Tony , what 's up ? 'Answer me , Tony . ' Cancel his comlock . Tony ? What you doing , sleepwalking ? Medical to Embarkation immediately . Kano , he 's on board the standby Eagle . Stop him . 'The Eagle 's on manual control . Computer can do nothing . ' Computer , cancel restrictions on Launch Pad 4 and give me access . Let me go , John . Thank you , Ann , I 'll manage now . Good night , Commander . Well ? As well as he can be after a point-blank stun . I 've been expecting something like this . He 's unstable , John . He 's an individualist . I 've never really understood your admiration for him . He 's not a coward , nor is he emotionally disturbed . He 's a suppressed hysteric . Where do you think he was trying to get to , in his pyjamas ? We 're nowhere . We 're three months to the nearest star system and he was going off on his own . Now , if that 's the act of a rational man ... He didn 't even take his toothbrush . Helena ... you didn 't know him before the Ultra probe launch . He was the best amateur athlete I 've ever seen . A poet , an all-round astronaut , in fact , the best all-rounder I 've ever met . I 'm aware of his history . Something happened out there . Something happened out there beyond Ultra that we can 't understand . Hell , he can 't understand ! That 's why it 's haunted him . It 's destroying him . Look . I know the Ultra probe meant a great deal to you . But its success was vital to Cellini . He can 't take failure . And for that reason alone , you 'd have been the better Commander . - Stick to Cellini . - All right . I say he made a disastrous mistake on that probe ship , and being the acknowledged ace , can 't admit it . That 's not his style . He thinks he 's infallible , you think the same , but I don 't ! Helena , nothing was proved ! John , when it all happened , I was on the medical team that examined Cellini . My report reinforced the case against him . I just presented the facts as I saw them . There were no facts ! He is unstable and a threat to the safety of Alpha . - I should 've killed him ? - John . You go write another letter to the Space Commission . 'John 's anger was understandable . 'He and Cellini were the force behind Ultra . 'In 1994 , before this moon left Earth 's orbit , 'Professor Victor Bergman discovered a planet 'beyond the solar system - he called it Ultra . ' 'Space News , dateline September 3 , 1996 . 'Brought to you from Houston , planet Earth . 'The Ultra probe . Who will command the ship ? 'Anton Gorsky , commander of Moonbase Alpha , 'is expected to end speculations later this week . ' Yes , yes , yes . We need a decision , you know . You can 't both go . Someone 's gotta control the operation from here . You can 't leave it to Gorsky . All right , Tony , tell you what . I 'll flip you for it . Winner takes the ship , loser tells Gorsky . Black or yellow ? Black . Ah . Well , the gods know the better astronaut . The gods know , my foot . The gods know the best brains have to stay here on Alpha . Still , I wish I was going . - I take it that 's it , then . - Yeah . That 's it . 'The launch date for Ultra probe was June 6 , 1996 . 'Commander , Captain Tony Cellini . 'Astrophysicist , Dr Darwin King . 'Radiation expert , Professor Juliet Mackie 'and Dr Monique Bouchere was responsible for medical , dietary 'and psychological well-being of the team . 'They were shuttled to the interplanetary space station , 'where the Ultra probe ship was docked . 'Embarkation and countdown continued without a hitch . 'Launch took place at 1200 hours , on schedule . 'So the longest ever manned space flight began , 'going through eight months of uneventful routine . 'Nothing disturbed the measured pace of the voyage . 'No malfunction broke the monotony . 'Navigation was faultless . 'For days , excitement mounted as progressive readings confirmed 'the planet 's condition was similar to Earth 's . 'Plans were made for a manned landing . 'But as the probe ship moved behind Ultra , 'all contact was temporarily lost with Moonbase Alpha . 'The landing was never made . ' Darwin , would you give me an opinion here , please ? - Metallic ? - Small and stationary . Orbital reference one zero nine . Bring me everything we 've got in that direction . - We 're going to take a look . - Right . Fantastic ! Where 've they come from ? What are they doing ? There 's no sign of life from any of them . Can they really be empty ? Perhaps it 's a huge conference of all space peoples . - This is their car park . - But where 's the conference ? There 's got to be someone around . - Darwin , check with Computer . - Yep . Juliet , put the booster on every band of the life spectrum . These are ships that could make interstellar travel a reality . We could be liberated from our own solar system . All we need is someone to show us how it works . Still no signs of life ? Absolutely nothing . It 's like a graveyard . We 'll dock . If Computer gives us the all-clear , - we 'll go aboard . - Right . Docking seal is perfect . Atmosphere is safe . Temperature , 28 degrees . Radiation , zero . What could be better ? - Come on sesame , open up . - ' Just a check , Darwin . ' I 'm waiting to go there , too . Opening now . - Close it , Tony ! - What is it ? Wind , noise , light . It 's pretty weird . Close the rear doors ! Close them ! Main circuits have blown . Try manual ! Ahhh ! Hold on ! I 'm coming through ! No ! Noooo ! I 'm finished ! No ! Ahhhh ! 'Despite his ordeal , Cellini used a brilliant manoeuvre 'to go into a low orbit around Ultra , 'which hurled him back towards Earth . 'He survived alone in that module for over six months . 'Cellini 's module was eventually located and brought to Alpha . 'He was on the point of death . ' All right , take him to intensive care . - Bob ? - It 's incredible he 's alive at all . - But he 'll survive ? - Oh yes , on courage . 'But as Cellini recovered his strength , 'the official attitude changed from congratulation to doubt . 'The story he told of his encounter with the monster was hard to believe . 'And the recorded black box data cast further doubt on his veracity . 'As a member of the Space Commission Medical Team , 'I began to inquire into the mental state of the patient . ' - Captain Cellini . - Yes ? Dr Helena Russell , Space Commission Medical Centre . Welcome , Doctor . I expect you 've come to talk . Please , a chair for Dr Russell . If you 've come to hear the story , you 'd better be comfortable . Thank you , Captain . Don 't call me captain , call me Tony . But you may not want to do that . Depends whether you 've come to confirm prejudice or listen with an open mind . Now , what do you mean ? They don 't believe me . They can 't . You see , the green-eyed monster from outer space is firmly established in childhood fantasy . Like Father Christmas . How can they possibly believe ? Now , let 's not get off on the wrong track , OK ? The fact is if a man with a red coat and white beard drove into town , he 'd be arrested , certified " unbelievable " . And that 's what you 'll do with me and my monster ! Right ? ! I didn 't even mention the monster . That 's what you wanted to talk about , isn 't it ? I have nothing specific in mind , I 'm open to anything . - Father Christmas , if you like . - If YOU like . You came to see me . Maybe in a while we 'd get around to my sex life . All right , you seem fairly keen to talk on a wide range of topics . I want to tell you the truth , Doctor . I want to tell you that everything I put down in my report is true ! Tentacles , bloodsuckers , fire breath , the whole slimy , fantastic story is true ! No wanderings of a sick mind . I 'm absolutely certain of every detail I put down . And if the black box data conflicts with my story , then the black box is wrong . Now , that is a surprising statement for a rational man . - I 'm not a rational man ! - Yet you want to be believed . I want all of you , Koenig , Bergman , Dixon , everyone , to throw out the criteria by which you judge what 's real . You 've got to abandon reason ! You have to believe that I , Tony Cellini , have stood face to face with the dragon , I fought it and survived . That 's what you 've got to believe ! No ! Now , come on , take it easy , Captain . Captain . Please , believe me . - Victor ? - Hmm ? Bad news . There 's gonna be a full inquiry . Commissioner Dixon 's ordered us to Earth . Their story is Tony bungled the decompression procedure , opened the airlock prematurely and killed the crew . That seems a logical explanation . At least it 's easier to believe than a monster . If the black box didn 't record the monster , isn 't it conceivable there 's life we can 't detect ? It could jam the black box . Not experiencing it doesn 't mean it doesn 't exist . But we 're not likely to know unless we go back . I think we 've gotta go back there . I know it ! Those ships could save billions of dollars and hundreds of years . And we know Tony wasn 't imagining those because those contacts are clearly recorded on the black box . Yeah , but that 's all they are , contacts . How do we know they 're spaceships ? Must we disbelieve everything Tony says ? Of course not , but here 's a man , virtually come back from the dead , it 's only natural he 'd have nightmares . I won 't let them dismiss it like that ! John , I 'm afraid the facts are that our probe was a failure , and somebody 's head 's gotta roll . So it 's gotta be Tony 's ? While the balance of his mind is disturbed . Well , I don 't think it is . Not like they think . Unfortunately , it 's Commissioner Dixon who 'll be the judge of that . - Morning , gentlemen . - Good morning . Oh , sit down , sit down , please . Well ... We are in the red , aren 't we ? Strange , there 's nothing like failure for drying up the money supply . I hope we 've all got some strong ideas for alleviating the drought . Commissioner , what about the positive aspects of the mission ? Why not focus public attention on the Earth-like qualities of Ultra ? Hmm . Vague possibilities don 't carry the PR power of a dramatic failure . OK , then let 's be positive . Let 's launch a second probe right away and put our experience to good use . Before we get carried away with the future , Koenig , we must first concentrate on the past . I want to know what you two think really happened out there . I 'm the only one who can answer that . - Oh , yes ? - You 've had my report . The whole world 's had your report , that 's my problem . It 's also the truth . Or an elaborate cover-up for an error you haven 't the guts to admit . - What do you say to that ? - It 's just not true . Now I need to know what you two have to say . Do you believe in monsters ? I believe whatever caused the disaster affected Tony 's mind in ways which he ... can 't recognise and we can 't even guess at . Koenig ? Commissioner , we know those ships are out there , and one of them is ours . But we should be asking why they 're there . We have a series of unidentified bleeps from the scanner , that 's all . As far as I 'm concerned , this vision of a spaceship 's graveyard is as much the product of a sick mind as a monster . So please , let 's keep to the facts . Tell me straight , Bergman , what caused the interference on that tape ? How can you say ? It could be any ... Could it be him ? Well , yes , he certainly could 've done it , - though I can 't see why . - As a cover-up . Oh ... Why would he restart recording four minutes and 45 seconds later ? Are you going to suggest the monster did it , Koenig ? We can 't dismiss that possibility . You surprise me , John . That black box recorded a breathable atmosphere in that alien spaceship . The docking seal was intact . When the door was opened , the recording stopped . There 's no evidence of death by decompression on that tape . What I 'm saying is that your case against Cellini holds no more water than his story does . You 're not concerned with your reputations . Mine 's the future of the space programme . I 'll do anything to save that . I 'm afraid I 'll have to discredit this whole adventure . You can 't scrap the Ultra probe and ignore those ships ! We 've had success , we 've learned about our solar system . We know the dangers of black suns , neutron storms , radiation , but if we think we know everything , we 're making a terrible mistake ! The reality of space adventuring is that it 's terribly expensive . The chances come infrequently , and then , only one at a time . I very much regret it , but I 'll have to relieve you all of your posts . You for mental supervision , and you two to remind you both what it 's like to have your feet on the ground . 'By September 13 , 1999 , 'the day the moon blasted out of Earth 's orbit , 'John Koenig was back on Alpha as base Commander . 'Victor Bergman , Tony Cellini and I were also there . 'Memories of the Ultra probe were obliterated 'in our fight for survival . 'Until the night when Tony 's nightmare revived the old conflicts . ' Thank you . - ' How is he ? ' - All right . - ' How are you ? ' - All right . 'All right enough to let me in ? ' But John , I ... As a kid I could never get cress to grow on blotting paper , but that 's doing very well . Where did you get it ? I inherited it from my predecessor , a big bag of stuff just waiting to grow . It 's very beautiful . Is it for me ? Thank you . I must admit , I got a little help from the guys in hydroponics . But I deserve some credit . What I 'm trying to say is I 'm sorry I chewed your head off . Well , you 're doing it in a very nice way . - How 's he ? - Much better . You know , I don 't understand , it 's five years since the Ultra probe , why break now ? Because it can happen at any time . Which is why I recommended he never return to Alpha . Helena , I requested it . - Can I speak ? - Tony . Now , just take it easy , it 's all right . - Here , let me get these . - What happened last night ? I ... I felt there was something ... Where were you going ? There 's nothing around for billions of miles . You had a nightmare last night at 0347 . Medical Computer raised the alarm and I woke you . Remember ? It was nothing . Well , Tony ... We found a tomahawk in the communications post in your room . Was it the monster ? Then , why now ? What were you trying to do in the Eagle ? Were you trying to run away from it ? I was going to face it . 'Commander , we have a contact . Could you come to Main Mission ? ' All right , Paul . I 'll be right back . John , something quite extraordinary . Kind of a space motor show . Well , Victor ? It 's the same sort of thing Cellini described . The mission to planet Ultra . Victor , last night , Cellini had a violent nightmare , fighting his monster . Now , after the nightmare , he tried to steal an Eagle . I had to stun him . He just came round and I asked him what happened . He said he was going out to face it . The ... monster ? Well , those could be the same spaceships he saw behind Ultra . And if they are , we could be facing the same danger he faced . Sandra , increase magnification . John , we 're light years away from Ultra . Victor , this moon has moved , so could they . - But the coincidence . - Something triggered Cellini . Something we can 't ignore . - Kano ? - Sir ? I want Computer to check the flight records of Ultra probe 1996 . The recorder picked up contacts , - I wanna know if they 're the same . - Commander , I have found it . The Ultra probe ship is there . It 's incredible . Yeah . So was Cellini 's story about the monster . Alan , I want an Eagle on Pad 1 for immediate liftoff . And an escort , three ships ready for action . Go . So I get a second chance . Any sign of life ? I 've scanned the whole area . There 's nothing . There never was . Tony , I 'm taking an Eagle up there with an armed escort . We 'll get as close as it 's safe to and scan it . If Victor 's sure there 's no danger on board the probe ship , we 'll dock . How does that sound to you ? - Sounds fine . - Are you willing to come with us ? I 'd insist . He 's too calm . - He 's got a chance to clear himself . - I 'm worried , John . Helena , focus out on those ships as we go by . Excuse me . I have to apologise to Alan . Alan , sorry about last night . Yeah . Tony ! Eagles 3 and 4 , immediate liftoff . Follow Cellini . Eagle 2 , jettison your passenger module and pick us up . 'Sorry , John , but it 's MY enemy . ' - Paul ? - ' Commander ? ' Beam every scanner in Cellini 's direction . If you find anything , let me know right away . You think he 's gone ahead to destroy the evidence . What 's that guy got against me ? Eagle 2 docked on Eagle 1 , Commander . OK give it everything we 've got . 'He 's nearing the spaceship , Commander . 'He 's six minutes ahead of you . ' He could dock the command module on the probe ship . The control systems are compatible . We 've got the area scanned from here , from Alpha , and from Eagles 3 and 4 . So far , no life indications . No radiation , no energy field , nothing . - Paul ? - ' Still nothing indicated , sir . ' Damn it ! It 's gotta be something . He was right about those ships . That doesn 't mean he was right about the monster . No . But it makes him look a whole lot righter . Victor ? Sorry , John , but beyond the obvious explanation , I can 't be much help . The obvious , then . Well , they do look somewhat like flies caught in a spider 's web . Which brings us back to monsters . Alan , line up for docking on the probe ship . Make it as smooth as you can . John , we 're getting life signs on the probe ship . Cellini 's . If there was anything else , we 'd be receiving it . Providing our instruments can read it . Docking complete , Commander . Helena , maybe you 'd better stay here . Let 's go . Hold your fire ! 'The monster was more than we could believe . 'According to our criteria , it was never alive . 'So how could we be sure that it was dead ? 'As we hurried back to Alpha , before our moon drifted beyond reach , 'we could only wonder about the astronauts of those fabulous ships . 'All we know about them is their terrible fate , 'the fate of Tony Cellini . ' John , if we ever do find a new place to live , and if we succeed , we 're going to need a whole new mythology . " Tony Cellini and the Monster " ? Nah . " St George and the Dragon " sounds pretty flat , till you know the story . The story is part of our history now , Helena . I think Tony would be happy to know he put new life into an old myth .
