 Hajime-chan ? Yes , I 'm back Last night Just a bit tired Really ? Sounds good I can call by on the way Yes , is that okay ? Yoko-san ! You 're back ! Welcome back ! How was Taiwan ? Very ... I was doing my research Thanks for keeping an eye on the place Really ? So nice Just a moment Pineapple cakes ... Do you like them ? Take some rest Sorry The landlady ... yes Listen , I had another weird dream About an unhappy mother She 's sad because something 's happened to her baby It looks so old ... but the face is made of ice ... And suddenly it 's all melting ! Very scary ... I can 't remember the rest You know any story like that ? Anyhow , I 'm still having these weird dreams I 'll call by anyway Okay , see you later ... Bye bye You made it ! Here you are - Thanks And the receipts How much ? Great ! Thank you Oh , I brought you something ... A little gift for your birthday Really ? This is great ! When I got to Taiwan I found it was the 116th anniversary . Of the founding of the railways Look ! I should pay you for it - Really ? - Sure Well , thanks a lot I 'll treasure it Oh , I have one of these already Do you ? Jiang Wenye won a prize for his " Taiwan Rondo " At the Olympics Arts Festival The Olympics ? Yes , the Berlin Olympics , 1936 Can I listen to this one ? Okay , just a moment You know , Jiang Wenye came to Japan when he was 13 to study electricity Electricity ? Right And he went to night classes in singing and composition ... at Ueno Music Academy , which is now Tokyo Arts University Did he ? And he had a favorite jazz cafe Maybe not jazz , but anyway a music place It was called " Dat " He listened to records there , and read music Does it still exist ? If it does , I 'd like to go Shall I check ? Yes , please By the way , that dream you mentioned ... About the baby changing It 's a goblin story , it comes from Europe Really ? Yes , goblins are said to take the place of babies There are many European stories like that Changeling stories ... it 's like one of those I guess it is I 'd like to read one Yoko ! Thank you very much - I 'm home - Welcome back It 's been a while ... A couple of days I 'm home Welcome Was the train crowded ? Not really Why don 't you get changed ? I will Want a drink , Mom ? No thanks Where 's Mew ? - Sorry ? - I forgot to feed Mew What 's for dinner ? Ma ! What 's for dinner ? Fish ... Flatfish Flatfish No nikujaga beef stew ? Nikujaga ? No Wait a second ... Mew ! ( TV : High school League Baseball _ Commentary ) Yoko , dinner 's ready Yoko ! Yoko She 's nodded off , better let her rest Asleep Asleep Maybe she 's not sleeping well Anything to go with my beer ? How about pickles ? Fine Chopsticks You 're awake I 'm hungry Is there anything to eat ? I 'll heat it up You slept in those clothes ? Kimpira , okay ? Sure Any rice left ? Yes Thanks Can I have this too ? You know what ? What ? What is it ? I 'm pregnant Whose is it ? My Taiwanese boyfriend Boyfriend ? You know how often I visit Taiwan But I won 't marry him And his parents ? Do they know ? Yeah ... But I can bring it up by myself Good afternoon It 's over there . Near the car This way , Yoko-chan I 'll bring it Careful , brother , you 're getting splashed Okay ? Your shirt 's getting dirty There 's enough water I 'll wipe it off Here No problem - Brother ? - It 's okay Mother ! I 'm borrowing the bike Going out for a bit The roads are slippery Watch out for cars You have to say something to Yoko You 're always evasive Something important comes up , and you say nothing You just stay silent They hung up ... Who could it have been ? Does the boyfriend have a job ? And we 'll soon be living on our pensions - Excuse me ... - Yes ? - Where 's Tora-chan ? - Inside - See her ? - Yes , she 's asleep You know Tora-chan ? I used to catch my train to school here She 's fatter than she was Everyone loves her She 's sound asleep She 's getting old Yes Yes I 'll be honored to meet you Thank you so much Yes Whatever time you can spare for me ... Hello , Cafe Erika Yes , thank you very much Thanks , Mrs Jiang Yes , hold on a moment A call for you Hello ? Yes , hi ! Good afternoon Yes Thank you I 'll come by to pick it up Thank you Thanks for that umbrella for my girlfriend By the way ... did you hear about Hajime ? Hear what ? Well ... A girl came into his bookshop just like that ... and said she wanted to be his girlfriend Incredible , right ? What did he say ? I don 't know People are saying that she 's after his property Or that there 's some hidden agenda , that 's the guess - You hadn 't heard ? - No ... but ... He didn 't want to tell you ? I wonder what she was like ? I have no idea This is very much like the dream you told me about Outside , Over There Delivery from Cafe Erika Good day I 'll put it here Thank you Thank you very much I remember this sunflower ... Where did this coffee come from ? My treat That 's nice of you Strange ... Why ? I must have read this sometime Did you ? It 's very close to what you dreamed ? Thanks for the treat ! Ida played her wonder horn to rock the baby still but never watched . So the goblins came . They pushed their way in and pull baby out , leaving another all made of ice . Poor Ida , never knowing , hugged the changeling and she murmured " How I love you . " The ice thing only dripped and stared , and Ida mad knew goblins had been there . " They stole my sister away ! " she cried . " To be nasty goblin 's bride ! " Now Ida in a hurry snatched her Mama 's yellow rain cloak , tucked her horn safe in a pocket , and made a serious mistake . She climbed backwards out her window into outside over there . Hello ? It 's me , Yoko You know , it came back to me There was a very large hall That 's where I read that book Yes , the picture book that Hajime-chan gave me The whole floor was tatami mats I remember many people chanting sutras , believers I guess My mom was one of them Hello ? Yes ... She was a strong believer A big donor too She left when I was four Yes This is my biological mother , not my mom now Yes Anyhow , it all came back It gave me a very strange feeling That 's why I called , I wanted to tell you Okay , see you Yes , bye bye TOMARU BOOKS Thank you very much I 'll put it here Excuse me ... My name is Inoue , I 'm a writer I 'd like to ask you some questions I 'm researching a man named Mr Jiang Wenye - Mr Jiang Wenye ? - Yes What kind of ... ? A composer , Taiwanese He came here very often Really ? I 'm sorry , I don 't know about him It was 60 or 70 years ago I see , quite long ago Did your father ever mention him ? No , he didn 't - I see - Sorry I can 't help you Thanks Hello ? What 's up ? Great ! Let 's do it ! Right now I 'm in Koenji Shall we meet in Ochanomizu Station ? Okay ? Yes , see you later ... The next station is Shinjuku The following stop will be Yotsuya Change here for Yoyogi , Sendagaya and Shinanomachi And the Marunouchi , Shinjuku and Oedo subway lines Please take all your belongings with you when leaving the train Hello ... I suddenly don 't feel well Now I 'm in Shinjuku ... YURAKUCHO STATION What 's wrong ? What is it ? Hey , are you okay ? What 's the matter ? You feel bad ? Okay ? - I 'm pregnant - What ? I suddenly didn 't feel good - You 're pregnant ? - Yes Welcome What 'll you have ? Coffee One coffee , one milk , please Thank you Show me the map I got a lot from this man 's book Between 2-chome and 3-chome ? I think ... it 's in the middle , there Facing the side road ? There are only two cafes there It must be one of them The former Ginza Nishi 2-chome ? This is a map from that time Excuse me , your drinks Master ... This ... Here , there used to be a cafe called " Dat " ... Ever heard of it ? " Dat " ? Before ... Wasn 't it around Subaru-gai ? It 's too small , I can 't see Ah , Ginza 2-chome ? Yes ... It used to be Ginza Nishi 2-chome The name sounds familiar " Dat " So it 's Ginza 2-chome ? Let me see ... Go straight down this street till you reach the traffic light Cross over to the right , and you 're in Ginza 2-chome Thank you very much Hello ? Tomorrow ? I see ... What time will you get here ? Then cook something delicious ! Nikujaga beef stew ! Bye bye ... Wait ! Mom , you know what ? Uncle in Hokkaido will have his eye operation So I have to pick him up No , on 31 August I 'll tell you when I see you Bye Something wrong ? I 'm sick , I was asleep Is it flu ? Are you okay ? I 'm not sure Flu , maybe ? Yes , careful , I 'm a bit feverish Can I have some more sleep ? Sorry , I should let you sleep Need anything ? Here you are What 's that ? - Want a look ? - Sure Beautiful Great , isn 't it ? - Trains ... - Yes , trains So many trains ? That 's right , Yamate Line trains Yamate Line ? So they are , fantastic ! Can it be enlarged ? - Sure , you know how to do it ? - No Press that - This ? - Right It 's slow , there 's too much data It 's quite something Guess so ... it 's a womb of trains Really ? What 's this ? A mike and an MD-recorder ... it 's me - It 's you ! - Yes , right The eye seems kind of lonely Yes , close to tears Can I go closer ? Press this ? Zero Yes , press zero ! Press ! Trains everywhere This Hajime-chan looks a bit sorry for himself Yeah , he 's on the edge ! These are shadows all around ? No ... yes , these are shadows ... those are trains Trains , shadows ... There are different colors in the window ? Nice , isn 't it ? This key ... Why are they different lengths ? No reason No reason ? No reason each train is a different size In this part , I changed the size of the trains Are those rails in the background ? Yes , here they 're in the foreground So they are When you record train sounds , are you trying to find the essence of railways ? What do you hear ? Well , I guess it 's different every time That 's what makes it interesting to listen to Maybe my recordings will help in an investigation one day Yes Someone might need to hear a tape as evidence of something You know all the station names by heart ? Pretty much , although I had trouble reading some of old Chinese characters It 's really beautiful - Beautiful ? - Really Station names are shown , too It 's really murky in the center That 's dark blood Dark blood ? Yours ? Is my blood dark ? Sure Then I 'll change the color ... Welcome Good afternoon Hot milk , please Hello , this is Yoko Call me back when you hear this ... Bye Where 's Hajime-chan ? Hajime-chan isn 't in the bookshop or in Cafe Erika ... He 's out recording Japan Railways sounds Really ? I see - Thanks for that little umbrella - You 're welcome You can see my father 's holding the shutter-release You know about cameras with an extension shutter-release ? That 's how he took the picture himself He did so many things : Photographs , paintings , music ... This was their skiing trip It was in Sugadaira , in Shinshu The skiing area had just opened All the Morokoshi-kai members went skiing So these are all members of the alumnus group ? That picture is called " Sweet Pea and Pansy " " Pansy " is me So he called you " Pansy " Yes , he did And he said " I 'm as smart as a sweet pea " So I called him " Pea " I get it I still have a copy hidden away somewhere You two were really close Yes , but many people thought our marriage was too good to be true They thought I was secretly under his thumb It seems real enough to me - Hi ! - I 'm back Where 's Mom ? Visiting Kishibojin Shrine I see Let 's wait , she 'll be back soon Hot , isn 't it ? Not much in the fridge Things go off quickly " You have a message " ( Chinese ) Hello , Yoko ! Water , Dad ? Thanks Fancy a snack ? Why not ? I 'll have tea Okay ... Please fix the shooting schedule . Thanks , bye ! Where are the pans ? Upper shelf Upper ? Found it ? Thanks Mom , there 's no tea ... Will water do ? Water 's fine Dad , whose funeral is it ? My former boss He was very kind to me It 's tomorrow ? Yes Cerebral haemorrhage Really ? Shall I put it here ? Where are the chopsticks ? ... in this bottle In a bottle ! Here ? I 'll hang up your jacket Okey Have some food ? Bon appetit ! I cooked well today Yes , very good Dad , it 's great , why don 't you try some ? Will you eat ? A little - Tasty , isn 't it ? - You bet Tastes good ? Here Not too much , we 'll have dinner later Yoko , you like this Thanks Potato For you ! Yes , who is it ? Excuse me ... Inoue , from next door Just a moment - Next door ? - Yes ! Good afternoon ! Thank you for being so kind to my daughter , I 'm Yoko 's mother How do you do ? Sorry , I should have greeted you sooner This is a small gift , from Takasaki Thank you ! These are my favorites ! - Glad to meet you - So am I , thank you so much Could I beg some sake from you ? Is an open bottle okay ? Sorry about this , my husband selfishly demanded sake Not at all ! Can you spare me a glass , too ? All right , wait a moment Sorry to bother you Thank you for the gift You even have to borrow a glass ! I feel ashamed ! You often borrow from her ? Sure , soy sauce or whatever I can 't believe it ... - Thank you so much - Sorry to trouble you Will this help ? Yes , thanks I 'm ashamed ... My pleasure ! Have a nice stay ! I 'm ashamed ... How many months ? Three months Have you been to a clinic ? Yes Don 't worry , Mom But I won 't marry him - You won 't ? - No Because he 's too close to his mother - He is ? - Yes His family manufactures umbrellas I 'd be expected to help with the business ... No way ! - They produce umbrellas ? - Right They had a factory in Thailand , then moved it to China He was my student when I taught Japanese in Taiwan After that he went to the American School And after graduating he went to the United States And his mother went with him ! Unbelievable ! So those umbrellas are from him ? - They are ? - Yes Now he 's managing the factory in Amoy with his sister You stay in touch with him ? Yes , on the phone He 's forever saying " Come to Thailand ! " Thailand ... That parasol too ? Yes Excuse me ... Wakaba Sushi delivery Sorry for keeping you waiting It 's here ... I 'll pay It 's all right , you have no money ! Thank you ! Sorry for keeping you waiting Three orders of Jo-sushi , right ? Yes , thank you ... How much is it ? Excuse me ...
