 THREE EXTREMES The dream always always ends there box box You still don 't trust me , do you ? The box is too tight l can 't breathe It 's done Thanks So , I 'll check it when I get back Oh , this handwritten copy shouldn 't be a problem I don 't really have a choice I can 't type , so ... You 're left handed , huh ? It 's just that I read a lot of manuscript so I can tell ... OK , I 'll keep in contact Thanks for your time Oh you know everyone loves your novels so ... anyway I 'd like you to have this Sis My sister ? is it you ? right ... It 's me lt 's Kyoko say something It 's hot ... so hot No ... I didn 't mean to do it I didn 't mean to do it I didn 't mean to do it Shoko you were really good tonight You 'll be rewarded Just like that tomorrow , too You 'll be rewarded , too if you keep working hard Excuse me I 'm looking for someone Who ? Not me ? You know , even if I could be there for you pretty similar Just for one night I want to sleep to dream like you What 's going on here ? It 's OK Don 't worry Shoko ! INVITATION Sister I 'm sorry I didn 't do it because I hate you or because I wanted your necklace or something You were the best sister I 've been looking for you I 'm serious I care about you more than anyone in the world more than anyone Help me So beautiful Now ... and then which of you is more beautiful ? Tell me one thing - Why would you do that ? - Stop it You think I loved only her ? Oh , god - it was so hot , so painful - Stop it She couldn 't get out - She was stuck in that box - Stop it In the box ! Stop it Look ! Look ! If only you hadn 't done that she would have grown up I 'm sorry , I 'm so sorry I 'm so sorry I 'm so sorry I 'm so sorry I 've had one for you , too It doesn 't matter which Shoko , Kyoko ! Being together is what made you two so special To me , you were one and the same ! The dream always ends there Morning Morning Actually we 've been together from the beginning , always I had a dream Me too But our dreams were slightly different Dumplings Hello , Mrs. Lee I heard that you make the most expensive dumplings in the world C 'mon in ! You 've come in just the right time The water is boiling I 'd rather not to start until you 've arrived Oh my god , I know you ! I saw so many of your dramas on TV when I first came to Hong Kong ! You were so popular I 've retired for a decade already Sit down Mrs. Lee , can you guess my age ? At most thirty-something ? I 'm old ! They don 't call me " " Auntie " for no reason - l can 't even find one wrinkle - Exactly , and a great skin tone ! They call me the walking trademark for my dumplings You have great skin I would have never guessed your age That 's why my dumplings are so expensive Every one of my clients knows that it 's worth her every dime Mrs. Lee ! I 'm giving you more cabbage Chives is too strong for you , right ? Whatever you feels right , Auntie Mei There 's a Northerner saying " " Good feeling comes from a nap good taste comes from a dumpling " But the southerners are always skeptical about its greatness : what 's so special about meat wrapped in a sheet of dough ? I only use flour high in gluten lt gives the dough a smooth but chewy texture Takes a lot of rolling though You 'd know it 's ready when the surface of the dough looks like that of an hard-boiled egg smooth , clear and elastic Remember to put salt in the water before poaching the dumplings All juices and flavors sealed in a small dough pocket ... yummy Hm ... it smells so good ! C 'mon , eat while it 's hot ! I eat this often lt is simply the best tonic Sometimes I make soup with it Sometimes I make meatloaf with it But nothing tastes better than dumplings Let me tell you something Mrs. Lee We women who want to rejuvenate must do it from the inside first You want your skin pale smooth , and immaculate ? You have to get it out of my secret recipe Mrs Lee , let me sing a song to you lt 's kind of odd but it 's ritual of mine to sing a song to my client after her meal A song I learnt in my younger years May I ? The red lake is waving The red lake is my home l stretch a net at dawn My boat is full at night lt 's full of wild ducks and fruits lt 's full of grains in the autumn Everybody says that the heaven is the best But , for me the red lake is the best You just went for a business trip 2 weeks ago and you promised to celebrate our 15th anniversary together I will be leaving for a few days only There is nothing much I want to visit my nephew in London Then go Go and do some shopping ! This seems to be a considerable amount ! You are amused by simply everything in the past but now you are not pleased with such a great sum of money ? Laughter does not mean happiness And you are not coming with me I am just leaving for 4 to 5 days Then I will be back with you What if you leave for more than 5 days ? I will give you another cheque as a fine A fine ? Are you doing anything wrong that attracts a punishment ? Whatever ... Hello ? If you don 't send the plan right now I 'm going to change my mind China - Shimchun Mei ! I hardly find these stocks The atmosphere is so tense recently I heard that the paparazzi has come and taken some photos lt 's because of those people from Hong Kong Don 't come these two weeks The clients won 't have it even they are here Let 's see - Thank you - Greatjob Wait , you Follow me to the side - Leave it right there - Which one ? - That thermos - All right Excuse me Ever thought about having children ? Don 't know if it 's his problem or mine Never mind ! You 'll soon gain your youth back So is the heart of your man Isn 't there any supreme stock that works right away ? Sure there is ? the 5th month or so are the most gorgeous ! It 's outer layer of fat is creamy smooth it 's skin transparent it 's blood vessels pinkish lt 's head already developing and it can move its hands , too On it 's 100th day , it measures merely the size of a small mice Wait till the 7th month , everything would be there fully developed The 5th month is just the best Like a kitten so cute and so nutritious Just try it I fried on oil this time lf you don 't like it I change the style next time Um ... it 's a bit crispy lt doesn 't matter The 2 months has tiny hands and legs - lt has even ears are out - lsn 't it a bone ? No ! Not yet developed ! I will chop it smaller next time lt tastes better with more soup Less oily Yup ... best soup for best food ! Are you done ? - l can 't go on like this - What do you mean ? See this ? My skin is still not supple But you have progressed What about that supreme stock you talked about last time ? Easy , you 're doing just fine Let me sing you a song to cheer you up - Never mind , Gotta go - Bye , then Over here Don 't worry I 'll try to find it for you - Call me when you get it - OK , don 't worry - You 're Autie Mei , right ? - And you are ? Somebody told me this place is good Come on in Come in You don 't need to go to work from now on - Are you sure ? - What do you think ? - You eat a lot ! - Yes , I do eat a lot Wait You will be all right just hang on Relax a little bit Relax ! Don 't be nervous lt 's been a while ls she going to be all right ? She 'll be OK Relax The uterus is not opened yet Too skinny and not developed well Every woman has to protect herself Let no one take advantage of you ever again The waters broke ! - Don 't be scared - Don 't panic ! It will be done in 10 seconds Breathe ! Deep ! Take it slow Don 't be so tensed ! Wait a minute ! Don 't tighten your muscle ! That 'll hurt a great deal lf you want to cry , just do it lt 's okay lt 's opening OK , lt 's opened ! Relax ! One , two , three ! Yes ! Scissors ! Relax ! Relax Wow , lt 's beautiful ! Don 't be so sad lt 's over now Try some I 'll make it steamed this time Let me take this It 's a boy A boy ? See his little weenie ? So gorgeous and rare ! A boy ! Think about it The only fetuses you can get from the mainland are girls ! I didn 't use any drugs this time I used natural induction Drugs will ruin it Right from the first pregnancy containing the best nutrients There is nothing better than this one You saw his mother ? A high school girl not a prostitute robust and free of disease I can 't wait What 's the dish this time ? Qing ! I 'll give you a new life Hello My husband is in the hospital ! You only call your wife only when you get into trouble You just don 't care about me anymore Smells good You look beautiful You haven 't touched me for a long time Aren 't you thirsty ? Let me get some water Why is it so hot in here ? I 'm all sweaty I gotta go to Monkok Monkok ? Of course , that right We have to move those two boxes - Terrible - Their too big ! What 's wrong ? - Where did that come from ? - What is this ? - lt 's blood ! - Blood ? Wipe it out Who did this ? Hey ! Driver ! Achi ! Achi ! What 's wrong ? Achi , Achi , What 's happening ? Achi ! Say something ! Achi ! Achi ! What 's wrong with you ? Are you alright ? She looks so much prettier than before - What tonic food did she have ? - Did she have any surgery ? Mrs. Lee ! - l could barely recognize you ! - You are so fit ! You are not making fun of me are you ? - Of course not ! - We 're justjealous about you ! Stay seated ! Why were you so late ? Perhaps she 's met the White Dragon Wizard or slept in an oxygen tank ... maybe she 's sought voodoo ? That 's scary Mrs Lee , sit down please Yeah , Sit down - Enjoy your food - OK Problem with the food tonight ? - The fish smells poorly - lsn 't it a beef ? How could the beef stink as well ? is that where the odd smell comes from ? - Just where does it come from ? - The smell of blood ? It 's a little weird Maybe the way of cooking was wrong Smells bad I 'm sorry Go ahead and eat first - Where is she going ? - Yeah , what 's wrong with her ? Hello ? Mei ! What kind of crap did you feed me with ? Now I 'm smelling like blood all over ! That fetus was sick , wasn 't it ? I had no choice lt 's just ... lt 's impossible if not for an incestuous rape had taken place ! The daughter did not know what to do with her father 's child ! What ? What is happening to me ? What is going on ? This is the medical effect Mrs. Lee ! Quick ! Turn on the TV You 're on it I heard you like monks is it true ? No , no - Really ? - Of course Everybody know about it What do you mean ? Mrs Lee , Are you crying ? Don 't cry You should get stronger Mrs Lee , Have a good night sleep You said , you get dizzy nowadays , right ? Congratulation Mrs. Lee ! You 're two months pregnant - Oh my god ! For real ? - Yes , ma 'am But , you told me that I can not get a baby before ? I think your body have changed - ls this real ? - l 'm sure about the result You should have a baby lt 's good for both of you Just relax I 'll give a medication You will be better in two days OK ? - Nurse ! - Yes Give her the medication For how long ? - Just for a week - No problem , sir Don 't move ! HQ ! We are here in front of 2103 We need an ambulance We will escort the suspect We need the ambulance right now ! HQ ! it 's an emergency Please send the ambulance right now ! She left everything What 's this ? All kinds of stuff China - Shimchun Hello ? Just a minute There , alright No , I 'm not busy I was just having dinner Have you eaten ? I left some Yeah , I left it frozen My stomach doesn 't feel so good Anyway , it 's been 3 months since I moved here Aren 't you going to come over ? How about tomorrow ? We can have breakfast together lf you don 't mind cold leftovers You really want to hear it that much ? My stomach 's really bothering me ! I 'm so nauseous ! Must 've been past its expiration date ! Darling , it 's driving me mad ! And ... CUT - What 's scene 29 again ? Good work , sir - Yeah , good job ! Scene 29 is where Young-chae draws blood with a water pump - Good work , sir ! - Yeah , good work ! If we push that back to the 13th - Good work , sir - Yeah , good work and shoot the inserts for scenes 9 and 8 on the morning of the 8th and I work till late on the editing - then they could sleep till afternoon - But then ... you 'd have to work really late ! Better me than all 60 of the crew losing sleep Yes , sir - Drive carefully ! - Yeah , good job today ! Kyung-ah , make the guys do the heavy work ! I heard you 're going to Seoul Could you drop me off at Hanam ? Good work today ! Yeah , good job ! Those daggers we talked about - Good work today ! - Yeah , good job ! Good work everyone ! when I heard you were here I just ran over from shooting in Studio 3 Did you read the scripts I sent you ? Well , which should I do ? Which would be better ? Do " " Pink Panty " " " Pink Panty " ! They say director Jang Pil-ho is the John Waters of Korea Kim Chang 's film seems better Director Kim Chang 's films just make the director look good The actors don 't get noticed at all A waste of energy for you And ... Just doing nice films like that will turn you into a fool You really think I could pull off the multiple personality serial rapist-killer thing ? Huh ? Don 't worry about me , just practice I just ate , anyway We can have breakfast together tomorrow I 'll take care of it lf you don 't mind cold leftovers Aren 't you going to see the set ? It looks just like our house ! Hey , listen to the music for the film They sent me the demo here Practice probably won 't end till late ! Don 't forget the vegetable mix ... ! You 've got such ... pretty hands , ma 'am There 's some wedding jewelry in the bedroom Take it all Just please don 't let anyone get hurt Let us alone this one time Oh , man What am I supposed to do if you start off with that kinda talk ? You shouldn 't do that until like 20 minutes later when all else fails Don 't it feel early for that ? You are , after all the head of the household lf you start begging from the get-go who 's your wife got to count on ? Remember in 19 hundred and 98 on " " Uninvited Guest " ? When those gangsters busted in on the shoot ? " " Stop it ! " you yelled at them What happened to those guts ? - Who are you ? - Who , me ? Maybe you 'll recognize me like this Nope ? Defeat communism ! Huh ? Water ! Help me ... Water ! Water ! What a plague ! Ready ! Okay ? Action ! And ... cut ! That woman 's a pianist ! I know enough to find out the basics before I start in ! You gotta cut off a pianist 's fingers for it to mean something No point in cutting off their toes - Now that would be fucked up ! - Honey , Honey I 'll take care of this somehow Honey , are you alright ? It hurts a lot , doesn 't it ? I don 't quite know what 's going on myself , but I ... I 'm sure I can get us out of this You trust me , right ? Does it hurt a lot , honey ? Try and bear it a little You can do that for me , right ? This will all be over soon I 'll ... I 'll make sure you can play again , darling You know I love you , right ? I love you , honey Let 's be strong Somehow or other , I 'll ... I remember ! Yeah You 're an extra I was in all five of your films , sir ! You were always so kind every time ! I ain 't never seen a director like you So kind , no matter what mistakes I made You know , on that film " " The Desert " we were running forward in a mob and a bitch roused up that damn hornet 's nest ? I got stung by a hornet and was freaking out all over the place I ruined the take The damn assistant director was giving me hell But you said " " Hey , how about setting up another take while you 're yelling ? " " " lt 's not like he wanted to get stung " " " ls your neck alrighty ? " It 's all swelled up But what 's the use of all that ? You don 't even recognize me - Why are you doing this to me ? - What do you mean , " Why ? " Because , damn it , it 's fucked up that 's why ! Look here , Look ! I didn 't even know there were houses like this in Korea ! Lots of people are better off than us Actually , our house is only The rich folk I 've met , they 're all rotten , got no respect for people They just ain 't fit as human beings But you , you 're really nice and good ! Ain 't nothing so unfair in the world ! You 're rich , handsome educated in America , a genius got a pretty wife if you 're a good person on top of that what 're guys like me supposed to get ? On TV shows lt 's the poor folks that are good not the rich ! You know ? You already have everything why do you have to corner the market on being good , too ? That 's too much ! You live well here and live well in heaven , too We folks live poorly here and live poorly in hell , too - lt 's my position that it ain 't right - But , you 're wrong lt 's harder for a rich man to get into heaven than a camel to go through the eye of a needle - lt 's in the Bible - l 'm telling you it ain 't , sir lt 's easier for a rich man to get into heaven than it is to get a needle into a camel 's nose-hole ! Be honest , you got no cause to sin ! Of course I do Then , prove it ! Gimme proof You can 't pull one over on me ! - l 'm sorry for being a good person - Look at that , see ? How good you are ? If I told you I 'd let your wife go on the condition that you kill someone right here could you do it ? I 'll do as you wish lf you 'll let her go I 'll die in her place You have to strangle that little kid to death with your own hands Or else , every five minutes from now I mean to cut off another one of your wife 's fingers I wanna see how good you can stay ! Ready , Go ! - Who is that child ? - l 'm unacquainted with her , too ! On my way here , she looked bored so I brought her along You know Ever since I was a kid I 've been poor as a rat 's ass My father , the bastard always came home drunk and beat us and raised hell So of course I didn 't do well in school and with this ugly mug l couldn 't be a movie star like I dreamed But you know , nowadays I 'm the one who always gets drunk crawls home , and curses at my little boy And crucially , I beat my wife , too ! And the next morning , when I look at that damn face of hers that swollen , beat-up face of hers you know what I think of ? Your face ! Your nice face overlaps hers lt 's real natural for a poor kid to grow up to be a fucking bastard and a rich kid to grow up to be good ! That 's what I 'm talking about ! No ! Time does fly ! What should I do , honey ? I 'll do what you say Should I kill her ? Then I don 't kill her ? You 're supposed to be Mr. Decisive Mr. Decisive ! Life ... has stages I went through difficulties of my own to get to this point lt wasn 't as easy as you think to accomplish these results Someone once said " " No time to blink - l have to keep going ... " - Fuck that ! I 'm not stupid ! That 's from one of your films ! Jin says it to Rose in " " Last Wish " ! Want me to do the same ? Answer with a line from one of your films ? You know the scene in " " Dancing Factory " when they 're dancing ? You even wrote the song lyrics I did some dancing there , too " " l 'm not listening ... to your words anymore " " " lt 's all lies , all hypocrisy ! " " " We 'll ... " " " We 'll make our own words " " " We 'll make our own truth " " " Not listening to your words anymore ! " I 'm sorry little one I really can 't hold out I 'm sorry ! I 'm not a good person ! You don 't know me you can 't say that ! I ... okay Truth is , when actors ask my advice I always stop them from acting in Kim Chang 's films Because He 's my sole rival Good actors in thatjerk 's films ... I can 't stand it You call that shit a confession ? Do I look like a wet rag to you ? I never said you were Buddha or Jesus Christ ! Who in the world hasn 't done something that bad ? Really You need me to learn you how to make a real confession ? For example ... This morning , I killed my wife before I left the house Must have strangled her for more than thirty minutes Her tongue hung out to here Pissing and shitting , fucking around Was gonna kill my son , too but couldn 't manage , so I just left Just didn 't have the heart to do it Heard that ? Now , that 's a confession ! Don 't be that way , Come on give me a thing that 's a thing ! No ! I 'll talk ! I 'll talk ! There 's a girl called Kyung-ah in the costume department After a shoot , I say I 'm giving her a ride , and I lie that her house is on my way , and I take her in my car to hotels Been doing it since " " Bluebird " so it 's been three years now - Love isn 't a sin - Stopped on my way tonight , too Lakeside Motel , room 304 We did it twice in three hours or was it three times in two hours ? I 'm sorry , honey You 're already in pain and trouble and I 'm adding to it It hurts a lot doesn 't it ? But You could do with a little pain You 've never had any pain in your life No worries , either Know why I like Kyung-ah ? She has brains I can talk to her She 's not a block of wood like you No , if you were wood at least you 'd be quiet Every time you open your mouth it 's " " Buy me clothes , get me surgery ! " When I lay with you I can 't tell if I 'm holding a woman or a bag of silicon You know how old she is ? Thirty-three One year younger than me , One ! She 's had so much Botox ... Her expression doesn 't change That 's not a face , it 's a mask ! And that mask is always talking to me " " l love you , honey ! " Hey , Mi-ran for the first time in your life be honest Do you know what love is ? Don 't feel so bad about your fingers They aren 't that great , for you to be crying and all that Honestly , your playing isn 't really music , is it ? You don 't cook with those hands and you never clean Except for rings , what other use do those hands have ? Listen to me An artist without talent know what that is ? It 's nothing , Nada lt 's like a ring without a hole or a square ball , get it ? Well , if you can 't play the piano the house will be nice and quiet And you , when you wave Buh-bye ! it 'll be light and simple , won 't it ? No , no , wait There 's something I 've really wanted to say for the past ten years That I 've been holding back tight for ten whole years Curious ? Go screw yourself , you damn bitch ! Truth is , she has a man , too You know the tenor she plays with ? That 's him Bet you didn 't know I saw it all when I was following her around Am I wrong ? Speak up for yourself Oh , I forgot you 're gagged But you can still nod , can 't you ? A person should do what 's right Ah ... You already knew didn 't you ? Didn 't you ? How about this ? If you really want to stall for time since I 'm feeling down and all You can try to make me laugh Every time you make me laugh I 'll give you 10 minutes instead of 5 You make good comedies Now , you can try your hand at acting , too ! - Alright , ready - Hey you son of a bitch ! You 've never seen me lose my temper , have you ? I 'm going to now , okay ? You son of a bitch So your dad was a dick , and that made you a son of a bitch ls that my fault ? Did I take your money to buy a house and car ? Did I take your wife from you to live with me ? What am I supposed to do about your being screwed up ? You should be embarrassed you retard ! Why don 't you just kill yourself ? Your life is a waste of time What , make you laugh ? Do you know who you 're talking to ? I 'm Ryu Ji-ho , Ryu Ji-ho ! You 're a lowlife extra ! Telling me to make you ... what ? Stop making me laugh and go on home ! Stop playing around untie me , and leave ! Go home and make your sonny boy some instant noodles , okay ? You 've had me scared , and made me feel rotten , so you 're done ! You 've done all you wanted to do I 'll pretend none of this happened No , if you want to cut her fingers so much , cut them all off and leave ! Orjust cut off her hands ! Why bother cutting them off one by one ? Just do it all at once lf you just get your ugly face out of here I wouldn 't want anything more No , wait ! I 'm writing my address , sir None of your comedies ever went for the cheap laugh like that - You 've really disappointed me ! - Wait , wait ! I was too wound up I think I made a mistake I swear I didn 't mean any of that Wait ! Wait ! What are you doing now ? What are you doing ? Wait , I 'll ... let me do it over once ! Just give me one more try My posture was bad and I couldn 't help making that kind of mistake Don 't be so inflexible ! - Huh ! - Just one Damn I don 't think it 's right to let you have false hope Nowadays , if you get to the hospital in 10 hours they can reattach them neatly No ! Wait ! I 'll do it ! I 'll kill her ! Look , I 'm doing it now ! Hey ! You bastard ! I said I was going to do it ! Damn it ! Why couldn 't you wait ? You saw it , too , right ? You know I don 't want to do this Honey , I 'm doing it , okay ? That was three , right ? Three , so , seven You 'll keep the seven , honey ! I 'm not doing this because I hate you , okay ? Do you think I 'm doing this because I hate your wife ? It 's no one 's fault , hate For example , who do you think she hates more right now ? Me or you ? Let 's hear it ! Kill her ! Kill her ! What are you waiting for , you idiot ? Kill her ! I 'm telling you kill ! Kill her ! - Honey ! - You see ? And missus , don 't be so mad You 'll likely get one left on each hand He 's got to do it by that time You can still play " " Piano for 4 Hands " No law against having a concert with " " Piano for 4 Hands " Common folks like us we like that kinda song better No ! No ! You were right , it 'd be better to just cut off her hands Damn time just flies 47 seconds , 46 seconds 45 seconds ... 44 seconds , 43 seconds 42 seconds ... 41 seconds , 40 seconds 39 seconds , 38 seconds 37 seconds ... 36 seconds , 35 seconds 34 seconds ... 33 seconds , 32 seconds 31 seconds ... 29 seconds , 25 seconds 22 seconds ... 20 seconds , 19 seconds 18 seconds ! 1 7 seconds ! 16 seconds ! 15 seconds ! 14 seconds ! 13 seconds ! 12 seconds ! 1 1 seconds ! 10 seconds ! 9 seconds ! - 8 seconds ! - No ! 6 seconds ! 5 seconds ! 4 seconds ! 3 seconds ! Mr. Director How about this ? For one example You guys I 'll take revenge ! - l 'm sorry - Honey I 'm sorry lt can 't be helped I tried , you know - You saw it all ! - Yes , of course ! You know , I really love my wife That 's why it has to be this way You 're still a kid , so you might not understand , but The world is filled with things you can 't do anything about No matter how hard you struggle There are things you 're forced to do - Honey ! - Alright , honey ! Just wait a bit I 'll take care of it ! I 'm sorry , really sorry I 'm sorry - P ... Please ! - Don 't rush me ! Can 't you see I 'm trying ? It 'll be over soon ! I 'm sorry I shouted , honey You know I love you ! I ... I don 't believe you have another man I don 't care even if it 's true ! I 'm going to forget it all I am after all the head of this household i 'm going to forget all about what 's happened today I 'll just think of it as a dream I love you , honey ! I 'm sorry , kid ! Really sorry Please forgive me I love you , my wife ! I 'm sorry Please forgive this grown-up Forgive this old guy , forgive me You have to forgive me ! Honey , I love you ! I 'm sorry , sorry ! Forgive me , I 'm sorry Forgive me
