 " Atragon " is a work that was presented on December , 1963 . We have invited a person who took part as assistant director for Atragon and many other Toho 's special effects works , Mr. Koji Kajita . - Mr. Kajita , thank you for being here . - A pleasure . For " Atragon " , did you participate in this work by Director Honda requesting you to be the assistant director ? Yes , um ... September of 1963 . Before the shooting started Mr. Honda asked me to be the chief assistant director and gave me the script . The script was written by Shinichi Sekizawa , and after reading it we advanced our talks for this production which assigned Tsuburaya for special effects , and the story to Mr. Honda immediately forming the main staff adding a producer , Tomoyuki Tanaka for casting . As you know , the role of the chief assistant director coordinates between the drama component and Mr. Tsuburaya 's sfx component and had to know both schedules at all times . During the main shooting , Mr. Tsuburaya has to be present and while Mr. Tsuburaya 's shooting , Mr. Honda has to be present . And so , you had to have a continuous grasp in both schedules . That was the main job for an assistant director . Both the main and the special effects productions went on at the same time ... Did Honda director and Tsuburaya director , um show up in each other 's sets often ? Yes , both were discussed at the same time on storyboards saying , " Today , let me be present " , or , " You don 't have to be there today " . Things like these were pre-arranged . There were times when Tsuburaya was shooting without Mr. Honda presiding . And there were times when Tsuburaya was at the main shooting sites and times when he didn 't need to come and the shooting went on without him . For you , Mr. Kajita , you had to constantly know what both schedules are as well as what was going on at each production sites . Yes , it was always in my mind while this work was progressing . We tend to call you assistant director , but for your case you are often credited as director 's assistant . Is it correct to think of them as the same thing ? A director 's assistant is , like I said before responsible for knowing both sides of the schedule . And there are a second and a third director 's assistants . The second is in charge of the drama 's costumes and props . And the third , who 's known as the assistant director writes out the itineraries everyday , and other miscellaneous jobs . And running to get the actors were the third , assistant director 's job as well . So what we call chief assistant director today was credited as director 's assistant . Yes , correct . You have been working as Mr. Honda 's director 's assistant since Godzilla . In 1963 , there were " Attack Squadron " , " Siege of Fort Bismarck " and " Matango " . " Atragon " was your fourth work that year . Right , in between those , there were " The Mysterians " , " The Human Vapor " , " Gorath " " King Kong vs. Godzilla " and " Matango " . I was the chief assistant director for all these special effects . For Honda director , you were a familiar face . Yes ... we 've been at it together for a long time . And with these films , what Mr. Honda and Mr. Tsuburaya always talked about was the fact that special effects are just one of the filming techniques . So if it 's effective in the work , it will tie into the success . But the work isn 't for the special effects . The main drama of the work is always the center feature . I hear that they always talked about this . The thing called special effects or , for instance , kaiju ( monsters ) or , in the case of " Atragon " , this mechanical thing will attract attention but these aren 't the main attractions , so to speak , but there exists the drama and the special effects should support the main story . Yes , correct . Both Mr. Tsuburaya and Mr. Honda were in complete agreement while making these works . In order for the main story and the special effects to coincide one must have had close contact with the other . Mr. Kajita , that was your job , to be the go-between . Right . In order to shoot something , you 've got to have storyboards . It is necessary to have good storyboards during the preliminary meetings . If we don 't know when and where the cuts will be , we can 't start shooting . Both Mr. Tsuburaya and Mr. Honda were constantly discussing the storyboard . If there were changes , you 'd tell ... I 'd tell " There will be this sort of change in this scene . Is that ok ? " to the other . And then Mr. Tsuburaya might think to take a look at the scene or there are times when he just okays it . The resulting action was case-by-case . Even in those cases , you had an important job . Right , like a so-called coordinator . That was the chief assistant director 's job . In the previous scene , a taxi is pulled from the water ... That scene just ended , but where was the location ? I think it was shot around the Tokyo bay . Almost all of these scenes were shot on location . Mr. Kajita , you are a familiar name in Toho 's special effects series . This film 's main character , Tadao Takashima , and Yu Fujiki 's double act they 're also in " King Kong vs. Godzilla " . I 'm sure they were one of 'the usual gang ' on the set . Yes , they complimented each other so well . I could watch them at ease , when they worked together . And it was entertaining to the point where Mr. Honda bursts out laughing . That 's how good those two were in acting with each other . Those two were veterans . They were good . They had such good timing in conveying their emotions . Yes , and also , acting as the detective , Mr. Hiroshi Koizumi ... Right . - Another regular in special effects movies . - He 's an old actor , another veteran . Come to think of it , we have a gorgeous cast . Movies played during the New Year 's holidays demand luxurious cast members . " Atragon " was presented December of ' 63 and so it was for the New Year 's of ' 64 . Right , we intended for it to be a New Year 's movie . Even on the set , because it was a New Year 's movie , did everyone know it would be with a gorgeous cast ? Yes , our intentions were announced from the beginning and we advertised it as such . So people knew this was going to be a New Year 's movie . That 's Mr. Ken Uehara . Yes , Mr. Uehara appeared as well , widening the actors adding another layer making this worthy of being a New Year 's movie with a gorgeous cast . It should be a joy to watch . This was Toho 's golden age . It was a good movie . Fun . This is something that I 've heard ... Manda , the dragon appears ... Because 1964 was the year of the dragon , the kaiju took the form of a dragon . I did hear that sort of discussion . I 've been told that they were debating what Manda should be and it became a dragon , associating with the year of the dragon . Is that , for instance , the director ... Did Mr. Honda and Mr. Tsuburaya makes these decisions ? Yes , they were talking about the next year being the year of the dragon . - Oh , really . - Yes . In this work , Mr. Kenji Sahara appears as the bad guy . This is such a good character which supports the drama . It 's what one calls a Mu spy . It 's a great character . Number one . Mr. Sahara can handle any characters . A good actor . Normally , he has an image of a nice young man , having a lot of heroic roles . He has vast capabilities . He is also very funny . I 'll be with him for all the Ultra-Q movies later on . For an actor , being the bad guy must be interesting , changing gears . Yes , the movie made a year prior ... Oh , it 's the same year . In " Matango " , Mr. Honda used Mr. Sahara in another great role . And I think this is the continuation of him with a unique character . Was this intended for Mr. Sahara to widen his character images ? Maybe there was . - And the heroine is Ms. Yoko Fujiyama . - Yes . She 's cute , and she was a good actress of that time . She always tried her best . Ms. Fujiyama was a lovely , good actress . Yes . As for the actors , Mr. Yoshifumi Tajima appears later on . Yes , Mr. Tajima was one of the Honda regulars . An actor who often works with Mr. Honda . He appeared with a good role as well . He really does many roles . Yes , he does . And around this time , I guess it 's not only for the Honda group ... Everybody who was acting for Toho films appeared in many movies , but among the special effects movies , the Honda group , with Mr. Tsuburaya 's effects ... I 'm guessing they had a sense of comradery . Yes , Mr. Honda always mentioned it . The actors must grasp the concept of special effects and understand the core of these movies or else they will take it lightly and make fun of it . A movie can 't be made if the actors think that way . So the actors have to take interest in special effects movies and understand how fun it is . That 's the first condition . Of course , when the actors take part , we expect them to do their best but they need to understand these conditions for special effects movies . Mr. Honda was most concerned about this . Well , there 's a sort of fairy tale , or science fiction fantasy quality to these films so the actors need to know and understand these qualities as well . And they need to take interest in these fields . Thinking in those terms , Honda thought very carefully and casted these actors . For the first-timers , they 'll think this is a children 's movie or for show ... those kinds of misunderstandings . Here , it 's Mr. Akihiko Hirata 's big moment . Mr. Hirata himself enjoys appearing in these kind of movies . He has appeared since the first Godzilla movie . He understands special effects movies . He knows a lot , and is the type of person who calculated how he should act . I think he is a fine actor . Do you remember back then , when Mr. Hirata was thinking about the role ? I remember in " Godzilla " , as well as " King Kong vs. Godzilla " . And also this " Atragon " . As actors appear in numerous special effects movies they must have felt the fun of these movies and enjoyed taking part in these special effects movies . Yes , I think all the actors feel that way . If they feel like they can 't act with these toys special effects movies can 't be made . These special effects movies , as I mentioned before must be understood first . The actors must imagine these scenarios . So they must understand , as well as be a good actor . That 's how it is . Mr. Kajita , you yourself have a lot of special effects movies under your belt . Among all the genres of movies do you like this sort of genre for special effects movies ? Yes , I always liked chemicals , and loved science . So I loved integrating these into movies . I see . So , when " Godzilla " came about I wondered what sort of movie will it become but at the same time , I also felt maybe a part of my dream will come true . It was fun . Mr. Honda was also very interested in science . For " The H-Man " , " The Human Vapor " , and " The Mysterians " he visited Tokyo University 's laboratory or attended at lectures of professors specialized in those fields and used them in his movies . So I participated in these movies with great interest . As a director 's assistant , were you taking part in the research for for instance , the chemical aspects of a specific scene ? Um ... Was it " Battle in Outer Space " ... pardon me , it was " Gorath " . In " Gorath " , the Earth was going to collide with another planet . The planet had to move out of orbit no matter what . We were discussing ... We came up with a plan to place rockets on Earth , and move the orbit . So Mr. Honda and I took this plan to Tokyo University 's Department of Science 's Astro-physics laboratory calculated the possibilities for one week . Mr. Honda really like this sort of thing . I went with him to learn as well . With " Atragon " , there exists a Mu Continent and Mu Empire . Concerning these , did you have talks with Mr. Sekizawa , the scriptwriter ? When meeting with Mr. Sekizawa ... Mr. Sekizawa himself told me this about James Churchward , a civilization researcher around 1921 . He theorizes the sinking of Mu , the continent of Mu , or the Mu Empire sunk by earthquakes and volcanoes . And after it sunk , they took advantage of geothermal power created the sun , and aimed to recapture the control of the earth 's surface . Mr. Sekizawa took a hint of that taking Mr. Shunro Oshikawa 's original work to make this script . So there was another book written about the continent of Mu beside Mr. Oshikawa 's . Yes , I 've never seen it , but Mr. Sekizawa seemed to have read it . He took some hints from the book , and written in this script as the sunken Mu continent . This is actually the scene of the Mu Empire . Where they use geothermal power to create super-scientific objects . - These are some of the references he took . - Yes , that 's what I 've been told . I thought , wow , there are theories like these . And to be honest , I was surprised , but the script was well written . It was a good script . This Mu Empire part and Atragon the survivors of what was Japan ... so many ideas are packed ... Yes , you 're right . This production was during 1963 , where ... What did you think about the drama concerning Captain Jinguji when you read the script ? It really , um , back in those days , um , how can I say it ... Among those soldiers , they thought they must make a comeback at any cost for the sake of Japan , and fight . I thought , maybe there were people like them . We did discuss this during the script stage . And we thought , this was one of the military-like ways of thinking back then . As time went on , those military-like ways starts to get criticized . But maybe it was okay to have it like this , for this was the one of the ways . Is it Kusumi ? Rear Admiral Kusumi persuades him telling him that his way of thinking is wrong . All this is one of the ways of life of a military man at that time . Yes , those feelings can be understood by people back then but to us , it 's such an old way of thinking . Right , I do think it 's difficult to understand . But Mr. Sekizawa does state that it is indeed an old way of thinking . There were scenes of the Mu Empire . That image of the Mu Empire , their cloths and the scenery ... How did these images come about ? We were thinking various eras and costumes for creating Mu Empire . We took some traditional historic ideas of Fiji and Easter Island debating what kind of costumes it could be . That 's how we came up with the design . There was a temple ... that set was so big ... Oh , that . We built that in one of Toho 's biggest studios and came up with creative ways to make it look big . - It looks like it has depth , right ? - Yes . That is a big studio ... the 8th Stage and the 9th Stage are big . To make it have depth , we used creative techniques to accomplish that . For instance , what kind of technique ? Um , like using wide lenses , or for depth perception , changing the set alignments . We used pretty complicated techniques . Um , watching those scenes before , there were people way in the back . You 'll see it later , but the factory of the Mu ... it looks incredibly wide and big . We used that set in a way that made it look big . That was well done . And also , the number of people in that temple was amazing . Yes . We used extras to increase the number of people . - Didn 't it look like a luxurious stage ? - Yes . Those who were dancing ... were they dancers ? We gathered dance teams from all over as well as dance students . Oh , I see . Did you use Nichigeki Dancing Team ? No , we didn 't use Nichigeki Dancing Team . Really . I think we used dance students most of the time . I see . Here , the high-tech American submarine gets destroyed by the Mu Empire . Yes . These actors were foreigners that were living in Japan for various reasons . So they aren 't real actors . So they weren 't professional actors ? Right , but they did act very well . Special effects movies and kaiju movies use foreign actors often . But we 're able to watch it without any trouble ... smoothly ... Yes . There was an American actor who came back from the US , named Henry Okawa . He was on the set , translating everything . He also instructed them . So , he was in between the director and the actors . Piecing the two together . And he was an actor in Hollywood , so he knew how things went . Like the way they need to move . - So things went smoothly on location . - Yes . His existence was huge . - These scenes show off the special effects . - Yes , it is done pretty well . Were you present at these scenes as well ? Yes , I did see all of them . All of Mr. Tsuburaya 's effects . Oh , yes . All of this is Mr. Honda 's shootings ... where actors are playing their roles . The special effects here ... the submarine 's starting to get crushed . This is Tsuburaya 's . The main scene and the effects scene are playing alternately to bring excitement . We had Mr. Tsuburaya came and take a look at the scene , and told him that ... We had Mr. Tsuburaya came and take a look at the scene , and told him that the scene with those actors would be inserted in-between the effects scenes . - A great collaboration ... - Yes , it 's very well done . This man is Mr. Susumu Fujita . And Mr. Minoru Takada . They 're huge stars of Toho at that time . They appear in many special effects movies as well . They take part in this film as the leaders of the defense military . Mr. Fujita , from what I see on screen , seems to have a quiet image , but ... - He is a funny and open minded person . - Oh , really . He is just like Sanshiro Sugata . In many special effects movies , he acts as an unrefined military man . Yes , really , since the movie " Battle of Pearl Harbor and the Malay Coast " ... He 's just the man to play a soldier . He did take the main role in " Colonel Kato 's Falcon Squadron " . He 's such ... the uniform suits him to a tee . Does he have the same image on the set as on the screen ? Yes . He doesn 't chat much ? No , he doesn 't say anything irrelevant . The Toho actors are hard to approach , in a sense that is attractive . It 's strange to say that they are attractive and hard to approach but movie stars have dignity , and they do seem out of our reach . And they also have charm . Yoshifumi Tajima seems to be easy to get along with , from the movie ... Yes , he 's quite sociable . - These are all shot with a set . - Yes , they are all shot at the set . A lot of sets have been made . Yes ... I think around 15 ... The number of times we had to make a set on a stage was 15 . I heard that you cranked in around September . Yes . How long was the actual shooting ? Um , even with the special effects movies , the limit is about 35 days . Limit ? Yes . The maximum number of days ? Yes . When forming the schedule for this project , we must fit them into 32-35 days . The budget only allows for that . Oh , I see . So in that allotted time frame , we make our drama . The special effects have their own time frame . But it 's almost simultaneously done . Right , the special effects tend to start earlier . It starts before the drama , and ends after the drama 's done . They are " in " earlier , and " up " later . Right , it 's longer , the special effects shooting duration . For the main shooting , it 's 35 days , a little over a month . The drama part , yes . From 32 , 3 days to 35 days . 35 days being the longest . " Godzilla " was shot in about 31 days . It is a pretty short cycle . Yes , I think so . When you think about it , it 's ample time , for the drama part . Really ? Back then , you made four special effects movies in one year ... Yes , there were as much a four productions ... but even at the most we don 't shoot that much , 3 or 2 maybe . Special effects movies take time , a lot of preparations . This year was ... 1963 had four , two war movies , " Matango " , and " Atragon " . Right , right . - Was this your busiest year ? - 1963 , 64 was the peak . Were you the director 's assistant with the four productions ? Yes , I was . It must have been very tight . It was pretty hard , but it 's fun ! Making a movie . It 's fun because I like doing these . You yourself know and have seen the interesting parts of the special effects ... Were there times when you were excited ? Movies are ... when the shooting progresses just as you imagined and you think , " wow , this has been created " , you feel so blessed . You 're amazed at the final product , and you look forward to it . All the movie people have visions , and I don 't think these movies would be possible without visions . Everybody worked , carrying their dreams . Whether it 's the lighting staff , the camera men , designers , actors , or directors . Each one of them had their visions , and created . Those are one of the joys . This question pertains to a different work , but in 1966 , you 've worked as a director 's assistant in " The War of the Gargantuas " . And after that , you participated in the TV genre ... Yes , after I finished making " Ultra Q " for Tsuburaya Productions I was called back to Toho . Mr. Honda desperately wanted me to do it . Sanda , Gaira , and Frankenstein ... - Oh , the was after " Ultra Q " . - Yes . After " Ultra Q " , he really wanted me to do it , so I temporarily went back to Toho and did my part as director 's assistant . And after that , the TV people wanted me to utilize what I did in the movies to TV . And I was asked to use the same energy for the previous TV show , " Ultra-Q " . I see , so , before changing to Tsuburaya Productions with " Ultra-Q " what other works did you do ? Let 's see ... " Godzilla vs. Mothra " was 1964 . From February to the end of April . I worked on it for four months . Then , the production chief asked me if I could help Tsuburaya Productions . And that 's how I went to " Ultra Q " . What were your feelings , changing from the movie realm to the TV realm ? - You continued working with Mr. Tsuburaya ... - Right , I did . TV is another interesting genre . It was a new way of living , and it interested me in taking that challenge . So I went to the TV department . And I tried the role of the producer . So I put everything together , got my budget , and made it into 26 episodes . I found it fun to do , so I was a producer in the TV realm . - That 's after " Ultra Q " ? - Yes . I moved to the TV department in 1967 , and I was a producer throughout . What works were you in charge of ? I worked on shows on the Educational TV , what we call now TVAsahi . " Husband , Man , Be Strong " . This was ... this was also on TVAsahi . And , " The Man on the 37 th Floor " . This was on NTV . Back then , during the time when television was still new movies and TVs were competing with each other . I 've heard that there were times when the movie actors didn 't work in TV . Right . In Toho ordered by Mr. Morizawa , he didn 't let the actors work in TV . It was limited . I wanted to use Toho actors for TV , he didn 't let me . I told him that we were in the same Toho Company , but he still said no . The guard was tight . But I was given clearance to a few actors for TV . But never the actors that were in the " movie star " relm . It was disappointing . But we thought of an alternative and made a movie for TV . You had some difficulties , but after a while , the actors started to appear on TV . - Right . - Actors became independent . Yes , TV was starting to influence the movie world . The actors thought they needed to spread out from the movie genre . Some created an independent production , and some moved to another production . Slowly but surely the actors for movies started to take action . At the same time , TV used more and more actors . And those in the movie genre thought to take part in that . The actors themselves became aware of the situation . That 's how our current situation came to be . And also , the TV world itself created new actors from commercials so called TV actors . For you , Mr. Kajita , you were in the midst of the golden age for movies and the moment when TV started to grow . Yes . I was able to spend the best career moments during the peak of the movie era . It was really the golden age for movies . It 's a faulty expression to say " anything goes " , but we could specify the type and budget of the movie , and make it happen . But with TV , you weren 't able to make anything if you went over the limits . And then , eventually , the movie world started to have restrictions too . However , those days , the ' 50s and ' 60s , we could spend any amount of money . Any memories where you thought , " how luxurious this is " ? Yes , the locations . What you want the most in movies is to film it on location . But , as things got tougher , we couldn 't go to places , and were asked to film them on sets . But , the image quality is so much better if it 's filmed on location than on set . And for the actors , it 's weird to say that their performance wasn 't the same but it was different . - Their enthusiasm ... They feel at ease , and for the actors , the setting is crucial . Acting on the set versus actual places makes a huge difference in their performance . In the movie , this is the place where Atragon is being built . Did you go to a location ? - This was ... a set , yes . - This jungle part was a set . We used a set to film this part , the jungle . - Before , where the jeep was ... here ... - This is on location . It 's Ohshima island . Ohshima . When you connect the set and the location scenes correctly , it looks like this . - Um , here ... - In Ohshima ... The scene where the Mu men emerge from the crater ... Yes , that was in Ohshima as well . All of these is Ohshima , too . Mr. Honda and I ... we used Ohshima when we shot " King Kong vs. Godzilla " We knew Ohshima so well that we decided to used Ohshima all the time . For kaiju films , you tend to use uninhabited islands , or barren ones . The jungle set looked real . Yes , that was a set , but the Toho technicians can create that kind of wonderful set . In site of Toho , toward the back there was an open air set to film this sort of jungle scene , until recently ... There was , but it was easier to create it in the indoor set area . For this movie , you built it in the studio ... Yes , we built the jungle inside . These kinds of scenes called matte painting are drawing composites ... Yes , there are parts where they were composited . This is a set . Is this is an outdoor set ? - No , this was indoor , if I remember correctly . - This was inside , too ? - It looks so bright . - You can 't tell , right ? These extravagant set screams epic movie . Art crew did indeed creat great sets . - Mr. Sahara shines in these scenes . - He 's good , isn 't he ? He really makes us think it 's really there . Mr. Jun Tazaki ... Mr. Tazaki , really does look good as the navy captain . Just as one would expect . What were your impressions with him on the set ? He was a serious person . He didn 't talk when it wasn 't necessary . He was a fine person . For me , back then ... I remember Mr. Tazaki in a game show on TV , shouting out answers . He was an interesting fellow . When we have parties at Mr. Honda 's place , we drink together . He 's a pleasant guy to be with . At the director 's home ? Yes , when the project is done , all the actors and main staff get together and have a " completion party " . Oh , really . Mr. Takashima and others attend . - It was very pleasant . - I see . We enjoyed those completion parties in a friendly atmosphere . Such a stately figure . Yes . Did Mr. Tazaki refer to something to help create this Captain Jinguji character ? I haven 't heard anything about it ... But being an actor of Mr. Tazaki 's level , I 'm sure he has researched on his own and how a navy captain acts . That 's why he wears the uniform well . His posture is good , too . Yes . How did director Honda imagine this Jinguji character ? He wanted the former soldier , the classic navy military person . During this period after the war , there were many of these types of men in Japan who would fight until the end , no matter what the cost . We did have that sort of imagery of a soldier . I think Mr. Tazaki had his own , similar image . I was born in 1964 , so I know about the famous men , Mr. Yokoi and Mr. Onoda . Were there other Japanese soldiers left at foreign places ? Were there many other incidents like that ? Um ... as far as I know , the soldiers back then believed that they had to do everything the Emperor said . So , many carried their discontentment inside , but they did stop the fighting . They were strongly committed . So , there were people like Jinguji , but this is one part of the story . Yes . I did hear there were these sort of people but not to the point where they resisted to the end . - These were all sets ? - Yes , they were sets . It does have the depth . In the Japanese Navy , a so-called commissioned officer is higher in rank and has two stripes on his hat . And the non-commissioned officers don 't have stripes , like that . Unlike the commissioned . For Captain Jinguji , unlike the scene we saw earlier his clothes change when he actually commands Atragon . It is different . The white uniform that he has ... That is his Second Type of military uniform . It 's a type of military uniform ... the Second Type of military uniform . And then the ones around him are wearing the Third Type of military uniform . They are all different , the military uniforms . Mr. Tazaki is wearing the Second Type of military uniform . - Summer uniform . - That 's ... oh , I see . So , he wore that uniform to meet with Admiral Kusumi , his former superior officer . Yes , Mr. Ichiro Yamamoto was dressed like that as well . And when ordering to sail , he will have his Third Type . When leading . - What is the First Type ... - There are the First , Second and Third ... - Did he have the First Type ? - Yes , he has the First , Second , and Third . This is the Third . When working or fighting , you wear the Third . - This is where they start to sail Atragon . - That 's right . These are special effects . Right , Mr. Tsuburaya filmed these . These were miniatures . Yes , these are all miniatures . Isn 't it made well ? Yes , is it pretty big ? This is a 4m 50cm long submarine . The model . - I 've heard that it was the largest of the models . - Yes . Did Mr. Shigeru Komatsuzaki design this ? Yes , Mr. Komatsuzaki did . You 're impressions when you saw it ? Of course , I thought , " Man , he thinks of cool stuff " . I thought the adults could enjoy this . This submarine can change in five ways . And at the tip is the hammer drill , where it drills the earth to move forward . Hammer drill . Underground , it runs at 20km per hour . - Five changes ? - Five types , five changes . Also , there is air , land , on the water , and underwater . This is underground , like I mentioned earlier . - Using the drill ... - Yes , drilling its way through . A highly integrated , rock-crushing tank . Will we see it in the air , land , on sea , and underwater ? Yes , there are scenes where it flies . That uses jets , and you 'll see it on land . - There is a scene when it runs on land . - Yes , there is . It moves on water , too . Also , underwater , as a submarine . Five levels of changes . This is where Mr. Tsuburaya displays his work . This is the exciting part ! It is portrayed so delicately . Yes , it is shot so well . That was a commissioned officer , so there were two lines . This is where the teamwork of the drama part and the effects part come in . Yes . Mr. Honda films the interior of the submarine . And this scene , Mr. Tsuburaya shoots these . " Atragon " also has a great soundtrack . Yes , this is I think , Mr. Ifukube 's music . His music is great . Mr. Ifukube really understands the contents of this movie . Did Honda director relay the image to Mr. Ifukube ? He simultaneously reads the book and see this film , and then he composes . I see . He does watch this film . - The music comes from the images ... - Right . He has the contents of the book in his head . Here , it floated out of the water . - Don 't you like the music here ? - Yes , it 's great . Very dynamic music , unique to Mr. Ifukube . Jet propulsion . This is the fast tempo version of the theme . Yes , it is . Mach 2 . This is a supersonic jet . Yes , something this size flying at supersonic speed very exciting . In this scene , all the Atragon crew are wearing the Second Type of military uniform . And in the forefront , the sailors ... Yes , those are sailors , um , soldiers . And when in assembly , you wear the Second Type of military uniform . Yes , they 're all wearing white . This is the Second Type . Those sailors ... are they non-commissioned ? They are soldiers . Sailors . Non - commissioned officers should be somewhere . - These are the non-commissioned officers . - Oh , I see . In this setting , especially in the navy , do they wear those sailor uniforms ? When in actual combat ... They wear the Third type that we saw before . It 's a part of tradition . - They change for specific purposes . - Right . - This is the drama 's core ... - Yes . This is the most important part , the highlight scene . Kusumi comments about the old thinking ways of Jinguji . I 'm sure director Honda poured extra energy into these scenes . The actors are veterans , and huge stars ... It 's an acting match between these two , Mr. Uehara and Mr. Tazaki . They understand each other 's lines so well . They both comprehend the contents . I 'm sure it was worth seeing at the set . Yes . That was a popular phrase " I 'll devote my life to my country " Oh , really ! As I watch this , that phrase will not be said by the people of today . Right , Mr. Sekizawa used it well , " I 'll devote my life to my country " Military men used to say it often . You mean , even during the war , it was actually used ? Yes . The phrase " I 'll devote my life to my country " was actually used . In other words , you suppress yourself for the greater good . You are such a small being , but you live for the bigger things . That 's what it means . - It hasn 't been used after the war , has it ? - Right . The phrase doesn 't get used much . But he uses the phrase ... Right , that 's how old-thinking he is , him saying that phrase . This is the gap between the times that can 't be helped . The way Ms. Yoko Fujiyama thinks is modern . Right . How behind the times my father is . There will be an exchange between Mr. Takashima . There is also a big contrast . There is , isn 't it . It 's emphasizing it one more time with Mr. Takashima . Right . - This is the level of father and daughter . - Right . Then comes the third level . Being contrasted . Contrasted against Kusumi , against Tadao Takashima . This is how Captain Jinguji 's character is established early on . Right . The reason why we emphasize this much is because Jinguji changes his attitude later on . These scenes make a point . Because of that , Captain Jinguji becomes a hero . Right , he changes his mind later . That 's why we provide a strong impression now , so his change will be recognizable . And very memorable ... Anybody who sees this movie becomes a fan of Captain Jinguji . - Such a powerful character . - Yes , you 're right . The previous scene was with Ms. Yoko Fujiyama ... Concerning Ms. Fujiyama ... Did you work with her in other projects , or any memories from back then ? I think it was from " Bull of the Campus " where she was the daughter of Mr. Ken Uehara . And Mr. Kayama helped her or something and then Mr. Ken Uehara praises him for being such a nice young man . He praises his own son . It was such a hit in the theater , and I wasn 't even planning on this . I wasn 't expecting a comic moment there . In the movie , he says it seriously , but the audience knows better . The audience thought it was a little inside joke . And she was the daughter . Yes , I 'm pretty sure it was Ms. Yoko Fujiyama . In the " Bull of the Campus " you 've written the lyrics to a song that was in that movie . Yes , correct . I wrote the lyrics to " A Child of a Kappa " And Kayama played the guitar . It was a song where Mr. Kayama played and sang with his guitar . - You use many of your talents . - No , no . Being the director 's assistant , it was part of your job to write lyrics . My real job was director 's assistant . All of these were on sets . It 's done very well ... This part is special effects . A miniature . Nicely done . This part is another cooperative effort between the special effects and the main drama . It is put together in a way that is very easy to understand . The main picture and the special effects visuals are combined in a way that even a child can understand it . - You were conscious about the children . - Yes . It 's very easy to understand what 's going on . These special effects movies ... What kind of people did you expect to see in theaters back then ? - We thought of everybody . - Every member of the family . Yes , with " King Kong vs. Godzilla " , children and adults of all ages enjoyed it . This is what Toho was known for . They had such a wide target base . Adults can enjoy watching it just as much as the children . Right . Now we see here , the ... - Mu Empire . - Right . Queen of Mu Empire . - Ms. Tetsuko Kobayashi plays this role . - Yes , Ms. Tetsuko Kobayashi . With Tetsuko Kobayashi , um ... There was another assistant director that worked under me named Mr. Tani . Mr. Tani ? He was my junior in college . While Mr. Honda and I were looking for the queen of Mu Empire he told me that he knew an actress named Tetsuko Kobayashi and wanted us to meet her . So we wasted no time and called her up , and met with her . She stated her lines very precisely . We thought maybe we can use her , so we put her on the possibility list . We met her several times and had her read some lines . As a result , Mr. Honda decided she was the right person and so the part went to Ms. Tetsuko Kobayashi . The decision was correct . She is magnificent . Her grace , as well as her commanding manner . Very impressive . I was very impressed in seeing what an actor is capable of . You were calling up various actresses , trying to find the perfect person for the role . Yes , this is such an important role , being the queen of the Mu Empire . She can 't just sit there , she needs to play her part in such a high quality . Right . She needs to have elegance too . Casting somebody for this role took a lot of deliberation for Mr. Honda . She is just as attractive as Captain Jinguji . Yes , very fascinating actress , Ms. Kobayashi . She 's great , no matter how many times I watch it . This is another Mu Empire scene . You use a lot of non-Japanese people amongst the empire . Right , we used a lot of people from foreign countries . Such variety . Yes , a multiethnic country . We wanted it that way . Because Mu was spanned from Hawaii up north , to Fiji in the south all the way to the Easter Islands . It was a huge continent . So it 's not strange to have all these different people . - Many cultures existed in this empire . - Right . Previously , you mentioned these dancers were not from Nichigeki . Yes . But for " King Kong vs. Godzilla " , you used the Nichigeki dancing team . So for this production ... We called upon the dance schools , and students danced for us . Any reasons why Nichigeki didn 't take part in this ? Nichigeki has its own theater . And this was filmed during the day , and it was hard for them to do both . So we called upon the dance students . They did dance pretty well . The choreographer was from Nichigeki . The choreographer was from Nichigeki ... If we take our time , we can get it right . So we had a few rehearsals . Filming this portion took a little time ? We practiced a few times to make it like this . Using this amount of extras is tough . It 's necessary to dress and apply make-up to them . They had to assemble around 6 : 30 in the morning . It took about 2 hours to prep them , and they were on the set at 9 . At 9 , we had to start filming . The make-up artists had their hands full . I see . They had to deal with the stars as well as the extras . - There were just a lot of people . - Many . - And everybody had to have make-up on . - Right . This is Manda 's first appearance . This scene is very easy to grasp as well . Right , we used a blue screen ... We used special effects against the blue screen . By showing the real Manda outside the window ... Right . ... it 's easy to understand the introduction of Manda . From this scene , they are trying to dig out and gain access to Atragon from the exploded dock . - Are these sets ? Such a large-scale ... - Yes , they are . But some parts are composited as well . - The steel frame in the forefront ... - Those have been added on . This is at the set , really looking like a cave . The scene where you insert a matte painting in the forefront like before ... You have to calculate where the composite will lie , and film accordingly . Here , you are on location , at Miharayama , Ohshima . Yes , this is Ohshima location . This is the other side of Ohshima . It 's where the lava solidified . - Is it near the crater ? - Right , near the crater . You added more extras . Yes , we took a vast number of actors to this Ohshima location . Many extras , too . This cost us a lot . I see . You 've asked the local people to participate as well . Yes , they 've supported us and participated . This part only has the Toho actors . Oh , I see . After this , where we see a lot of people , the locals are in it . Right , we asked the locals . This is Mr. Tsuburaya 's special effects that he 's good at . The miniatures . Oh , from around these scenes , the locals came through for us . We called them up to the scene , and they participated for us . All these as well . - Yes , there are so many extras . - Yes . But we still didn 't have enough people , so assistant directors dressed up as police guiding the crowd . Assistant directors ? Yes , the assistant directors were dressed up as police officers . All this where the locals as well , running to the ships . The number of people is astounding . Enormous amount of people . When the scene pans , you can tell how large-scale this was . Wow , this , too . They all cooperated , and took part . This was composited . Mr. Tsuburaya 's ... Amazing . We combined the explosion to the scene where everybody was running . Right before the explosion , you switched it to ... Yes ... to the miniature model . When you film mob scenes ... I read your conversations about " Godzilla " , the first Godzilla filming . There were people who couldn 't help but laugh , so you asked them to be serious . Yes , the assistant director used to shout " Don 't laugh ! Don 't laugh ! Look angry ! " Some people were smiling , or looked like they had no clue while running . We had to make them look serious , shouting " This is the scary part ! " That 's how we asked the extras . During the time when the first Godzilla was shot , people couldn 't imagine the kaiju . Right , it was tough to explain to them . We went to Ijika in Ise to shoot " Godzilla " . We explained to the extras , " It is as big as the Marunouchi Building " ... But they had never seen the Marunouchi Building , so they had no clue . We said , " It 's huge , as big as those mountains ! It can climb over them . " And they ended up laughing . And of course we hadn 't seen Godzilla as well at that time . Only by models . We only knew the size by looking at the models . It was difficult to explain to anybody . On the other hand , around the time of this movie , people were familiar with kaiju and special effects movies that , the extras understood what to do . Right , and it couldn 't just be the extras themselves , so we added in Toho actors . Oh , I see . So the actors lead them . That 's how we were successful in making it work . I see . - Those actors became the example . - Right . The actors told extras , " This way , this way ! " and ran with them . The actors knew , so they ran looking serious and frightened . This is the Self-Defense Forces ... These are all real . It 's from the stock film that Mr. Tsuburaya took a while ago . It 's from the stock film that Mr. Tsuburaya took a while ago . - A new image wasn 't filmed for this movie ? - No , I don 't think so . But for other works , he must have went through a lot of trouble for the Self-Defense Forces , or the Maritime Safety Agency to cooperate . Right . To ask them to cooperate , was it your job ? Yes , I asked the Defense Agency , or the Maritime Safety Agency to cooperate . That was part of my job . The Defense Agency didn 't know what kind of movie it would be at first . I showed the script and explained to them how we wanted them to collaborate . They were very compliant . But they didn 't comply right away , did they ? Um , but , back in those days , they wanted to spread their image and let the people know more about them . And they were cooperative , the Defense Agency . - It was also for their PR . - Yes . We let them know when their images would be used . But what I feel bad about is that in films like " Godzilla " , they always retreat . Right . I feel really bad about that . If Godzilla was overcome by the Self-Defense Forces , that 's one thing . But they always retreat , which makes me feel guilty . But they still cooperated with us . Oh , really . Come to think of it , they don 't usually save the day , but get beat up often . I bet the person who had to negotiate with them felt a little ashamed . I did feel guilty . But they said , " sure " , and worked with us , when I went to the Defense Agency . When you film with a lot of extras , like before , did you speak with the locals ? First a person who is in charge of the actors , goes to the location and explains to extras , " It 's this kind of scene and we need your participation . " They all comply without hesitation . I 'm sure they wanted to see the filming as well . They helped us out . - Finally , Atragon is about to sortie . - Yes . This is where Jinguji is certain of his decision . Yes . This scene is great . Magnificent . This is Mr. Tsuburaya 's specialty . Something that enormous flying in the air and making it look that fast ... That 's the mid-air jet propulsion . - Flying at Mach 2 . - Right . While making special effects ... was there anything Mr. Tsuburaya kept in mind ? Or anything you noticed while watching him in action ? Mr. Tsuburaya makes detailed calculations . He constantly calculated , thinking how it should be filmed . And , of course , how real can it look . These special effects all use miniature models but they make it look real by pairing it up with the drama footage . So , Mr. Tsuburaya really comprehended the process . I see . The Mu Empire attacks Tokyo . Yes . The attacking scene . And after this , there 's also the scene that caves in . And also the attack of Tokyo Bay . But before getting there , there are many detailed depictions of tension . Yes , the layering . It 's very important . It 's the building up of the action later . Right . Right , there , the roving planes flying about and that noise makes you tense up . - It is very detailed , and thorough . - Right . This Tokyo mega-collapse is one of the highlights . How did this get filmed ? I heard one theory of the caving in process was that they pulled the set but I think they had some explosives and did it that way . So , the set was made on top of a platform , and have something underneath to support the platform . And we pulled out the support and collapsed the set . I 've heard that during the filming of this part , it was close to a failure . Yes , but this part looks very well done . Yes , it doesn 't look like it failed . They pulled it and made it look like it caves in . After this , at the Tokyo Bay , the Mu Empire 's submarines attack ships . - Was this filmed at the Large Pool ? - Yes , the at the Large Pool . Did you see the filming of these ? Yes , I did . It 's really well done . It 's great filming . It 's very impressive . Where there a few cameras ... multi-camera action ? Yes . Using a few cameras , and panning . Yes . This is Mr. Eisei Amamoto . Yes , this is Mr. Eisei Amamoto 's highlight scene . He is also a familiar face . Any memorable instances with Mr. Amamoto ? I have worked with Mr. Amamoto in quite a few productions . He is an actor with character . He was in " The Mysterians " . An old actor with character . His role is that of an old man , but he wasn 't really old when this was filmed . No , he 's not old . He 's fairly young . He 's been made up to look like one . Acting as an old man at a fairly young age , but it really doesn 't look forced . True . - He was having fun ? - Sure . I think the moment Atragon dives underwater shows off the ability of special effects . Yes . This is ... This is called " Super deep nuclear power submarine " . It supposedly goes 50 knots with a high-pressure steam engine . - 50 knots . - Yes , it 's fast . - Here is Ms. Tetsuko Kobayashi 's big scene . - Right . Her acting is good . The character is arrogant . - But at the same time she is noble . - Yes . Her make-up makes her look mature ... True . But her facial features are still young . Yes , right . - The imbalance is attractive . - Like a queen . She is pretty short ... Yes , not tall . I 'm sure she was beautiful on the set . Yes . Finding an actress that can do this ... the right actress that fits this image ... Yes , Ms. Kobayashi 's an excellent actress . Shortly after this , in order to change into a diving suit she takes her top off and shows her shoulders ... Right . A memorable moment on the set . Yes , it was . Her age is unknown and there exists both a young and mature image of her . Yes , she uses her eyes well , don 't you think ? Yes . That is impressive . Manda appears ... Yes , it 's the Manda 's appearance . How were the special effects around here ? Manda was probably on wires . Yes , we used wires . It 's here , after this ... Yes . This costume , she 's wearing a cape-like costume right now ... The costume when she was at the throne in the temple actually has a plunging neckline . Yes , and she was hiding it with a fan in a certain way ... That is one aspect of acting as well , I think . However , this is a movie even kids would love . Right . But adults can watch it as well and , it 's done elegantly , but there are moments where adults react . True . It is an amusing movie . Absolutely . Another scene where Atragon is in action . After this , they use the Cold Air Cannon . Yes , the Cold Air Cannon . It will be used extensively . When filming , um , like , what sort of image ... Well , when Mr. Tsuburaya was shooting the scene he said to me , " This is a new weapon that can freeze everything ! " How do you make an image of this instant freeze cannon ? I was watching with intense interest as well . He deals with this very interestingly . As a special effect , smoke was used to make the beam I 'm mean , image it like the fog and then freezes their enemies . Even in the main drama , the ... volunteer corps ? They carry the Cold Air Guns in their hands and moves into enemy areas . In those cases , you try to match the beams of Atragon and the hand held ones . Right , those are two different kind of the Cold Air Cannons . But , in the filming the main drama , it was hard to capture things being frozen up . Yes . In the actual movie , a line drawing ... The drawings were composited to image the frozen parts . Yes , people are actually in the image , and you can 't freeze them . - Right . - So we used drawings . These parts are all models , so it can be dealt with in a variety of ways . Right . But , until arriving to the decision to use drawings you had many trial and errors ... there must have been all sorts of ideas . Mr. Tsuburaya seem to have researched this extensively . That method worked out the best ... his method of using drawings . Although the method was used in main drama , it was still Mr. Tsuburaya 's idea ? Yes , everything was Mr. Tsuburaya 's . Here , the special effects filming of Manda , and the actors with their underwater suits the trading off between those two ... The undersea water texture is perfect . Yes . This is where Mr. Tsuburaya 's special effects techniques shine through . The actor with the underwater suits , acting as they were underwater ... Did they have wires ? Um , filters and water tanks were used . The reconciliation scene of father and daughter . During " Bull of the Campus " , she was the daughter of Mr. Uehara . During " Bull of the Campus " , she was the daughter of Mr. Uehara . Right . And this time he is her uncle , whom he took care of . For Ms. Yoko Fujiwara , working with Mr. Ken Uehara was her second time . Yes . Must have been a little easier to work . This is sort of the face off between Captain Jinguji and Mu Empire 's queen . This is the best part . The queen 's acting was overseen by Honda director ? Right . The climax was calculated and executed well by Ms. Kobayashi . This red hair creates such an impact . In the pre production , we were discussing what kind of hair she should have . We wanted something that stands out and creates a strong impression . We thought red was the best . This is the result . - It really does make a strong impression . - It does , doesn 't it ? Yes . In the mob scene , you know where she is right away . Yes , you can . Among the special effects , using water is difficult . Yes , it is difficult . You film in a pool or use filters ... There are many different ways of shooting it . This was filmed in a pool . Yes . Atragon 's fighting scenes are mostly underwater . Right . Mr. Tsuburaya took the challenge to do it which shows his eagerness and determination . Doing it in the pool creates a realistic experience . Filtering the images creates not just realistic experiences , but you feel the weight . There is water pressure , and the images show the depth and weight . I see . The overall feel of it , I guess you can say the feel . You used the filtered image and the pool image together . Yes . This is the special effects part where things freeze . This is the best part for Mr. Tsuburaya . Around here , where the Cold Air Cannon freezes the dragon . This was dealt with really well . Um , having a kaiju named Manda appear in this film ... The main story is about Atragon and its enemy is the Mu Empire . Is a kaiju an extra something for the viewers ? Yes , right . We threw in something the kids would love . Yes , it being a New Year 's movie . This makes it even more large-scale . - At last , it goes underground . - Yes . - It becomes a rock-drilling submarine . - Right . It uses a hammer drill . This , from the end ... It 's great that the rocks excrete from there . This is Mr. Tsuburaya 's idea . - The realism of the mechanics . - The realism is great . A machine that has drills and digs underground , exists in for instance , the Ultraman series ... And with foreign movies , the Jet Mole in " Thunderbirds " ... - This preceded all of those . - Right . This is all miniature models . This is a composite , with a blue screen . The people running away with the blue screen and then we combined it into one . This is the main shooting . - They have their Cold Air Gun in their hands . - Yes . Another great part where the special effects and the main drama are matched well . The set at the power plant , not as detailed as the set for main drama but as a miniature , it is made really well . - Yes . These are the Cold Air Guns that we mentioned . They freeze their enemies . Yes . - A matte painting is inserted . - Right . The sound is also shocking . This " freezing sound " ... These are sound effects . Mr. Minawa created sound effects and came up with this . - Mr. Minawa ? - Yes , Mr. Minawa . There was a sound effects technician named Minawa . A lot of thought went into making the freezing sound . I heard that they miked a cymbal and ran it backwards . I 've heard that too . All sorts of images . Yes . These are composites of the miniature set and the original shoot . We filmed the people running first , and then composited it . They 're setting up the bombs . Right . - Such a big image . - Doesn 't it look enormous ? Atragon in the back ... It was made . Miniature ... Yes . These scenes , too , special effects and the main drama footage are blended in a same frame . Yes , very well done . Yes , very well done . This is the part where it continues on to Atragon 's last scene . Yes , the last big scene . I want to ask you ahead of time ... What was the reaction of the viewers when this was done and released ? When this was done , and I saw it in theaters . Everybody cheered when they were supposed to and were amazed at the right scenes . We saw this as well , and realized what a great special effects movie it became . I was very relived . When the filming was done , I 'm sure the staff members had a screening . What did you think about the workmanship , or the result ? We worked so hard , and seeing how effective it was . I was just really impressive . It is a fun movie , and as an adult fairytale , nothing is as thrilling as this one . The original story by Mr. Shunro Oshikawa and the scriptwriting by Mr. Sekizawa ... it 's an entertainment master piece . - A compilation . - Yes . This impressive , very memorable last scene . - The massive explosion from under water . - Yes . The method of filming ... back then , was it difficult to film it ? It was really difficult to blend in the special effects scene to the main shooting . I 'm glad this was successful . How did you film the fire that comes out of the water ? This , um ... We dropped some watercolors in a tank , and set the camera upside down . And we shot it . Oh , you filled the tank with water , added some water colors ... Right , we turned the camera upside down , and filmed it . When you look at it correctly , it surprisingly looks like and explosion . This type of filming hasn 't been done before . Right . It was planned for this last scene only . Oh , this scene . Mr. Tsuburaya 's excellent filming ... He is so talented . This part , the submarine itself is turned over . It 's underwater . Right . The ending , with the drama as well , is the climax . The last climax . This scene , even while shooting , was dramatic . - Yes . - I 'm sure it was memorable . Such a heroic scene . You mentioned earlier that the special effects and the main film were blended in a way that was easy to understand . And for Honda director and Tsuburaya director it was a compilation of what they have done before . Yes . I did say this before but the main film and the special effects connecting each other so that the children can understand easily and visually . That 's the special effect movie 's mission . In that sense , this movie is very well done . Plus the adults enjoy watching this as well . We have invited Mr. Koji Kajita . - Mr. Kajita , thank you so much . - Thank you .
