 THE HUMAN VAPOR ( GASU NINGEN DAIICHIGO ) This is police car 25 to headquarters . This is police car 25 to headquarters . We 've located the getaway car with license plate number 3755 and are in pursuit , over . Car number 25 . Car number 25 . What is your location , over . We are currently traveling on highway one outside of Ichimaru . This is completely unbelievable . It 's hard to believe ... He got away with only 50,000 yen ? That 's what I heard . Alright , let 's take care of this murderer . Sorry about that ! We 're closing in on him ! - Right ! Keep going ! That 's strange ... He couldn 't have gone far after a crash like that . He has to be close by . There 's a house . Hey . - Yes . Jiya ! - Yes . Who would be calling at this hour ? Sorry to disturb you at this hour . What can I help you with , officer ? An automobile just had an accident near here . Does the car belong to anyone here ? Neither my lady or myself own a car . Did anyone come by here recently ? No , we prefer not to have anyone else here besides the two of us . The two of us have been home alone all day . How could he have disappeared ? Right into thin air . - What ? It happened just like it did at the bank . I bet I would never let the robber escape . Not if I were a policeman and had a gun like you do . I 'll tell that to the superintendent . Cases have been solved by journalists before . The authorities are on top of the bank heist . We 've solved plenty of cases . Our desk editor expects us to be thorough with every story . That may be so . The press believes it 's easy to find someone who is a vital witness to a case . How about the car that was used in the getaway ? It was a bank car . Were there footprints around the car ? The only footprints found were ours . Fingerprints ? We found lots of those , all over the car . So then ... ? Useless ... They all belong to the bank employees . It could have been an inside job . - I 'd be surprised if it was . It doesn 't take a detective for that . Cars don 't drive away by themselves . The robber had to know where to get one . Not every case is as simple as that . Hey , this could be you chance to get ahead . I 'll have to remember that , so long as you don 't beat me to the punch . If I were a policeman instead of a reporter , I wouldn 't let this case get away . Be sure to let me know when you solve it . Don 't worry . It will be in the papers , and then you 'll know . Thanks for coming . I always appreciate the additional guards during times like these . How about your alarm system ? Yes , we test it everyday to make sure it works . How about the bill count ? We don 't count the total number of bills , but we always check that the total is correct . Oh , really ? Well , that 's all I need to know . Thanks . - Thank you for your help . The safe ! The safe alarm ! - The safe ? Stay calm ! Don 't move ! Halt ! Halt ! Halt ! Yes , this is Okamoto . Alright , tell everyone not to touch anything . Okay ? We 'll be over there shortly . The Sanzoku Bank in Nakano ! The police . Thank you for coming . - Thank you . Is he dead ? - We 're not sure . You 're not sure ? ! - Yes , the door was closed . Yes , he was in there when we found him . We hurried to rescue him , but we couldn 't get in . The guards aren 't able to open the gate . This bank doesn 't carry a spare key . He 's the only one with the key ? - Yes , it 's for his own safety . Our main branch holds on to the spare key . It won 't be long before the spare gets here . They 're bringing it over right away . Sorry to keep you waiting . I brought the spare key you need for the door . He suffocated . This clerk had the only means to get in here , so how did the robber get in or out ? If this is the only key available , dust it for fingerprints . I want you to check with the police again for any leads on the bank robber . They don 't have any leads . They hope to find some on this new case . What , they don 't have a lead ? - Yes . That can 't be right ! If it were me , and I had the chance ... I 'd pursue them relentlessly ! Okay , write me a story about how the police have no leads in this case . They won 't be able to make a fuss over it unless they can prove us wrong . If I had the case , I 'd pursue Okamoto for the truth . Don 't be so cocky . I 've been around him long enough to know when he 's telling the truth . With a man like him , I doubt the police will have trouble finding a lead . Hello ? Yes ... Oh , just a moment . Here . Yes ? Yes , it 's me . Yes , I 'd love to go ! Hey , hey ! I 'll need your story by 7 : 00 tonight . I 'll follow the orders you gave me . I 'm meeting with Okamoto to get a lead . How 's the case going ? Have you solved it ? I want you to tell me all about it ! Hold on a second ! Kyoko , do you know anything unusual about a dancer by the name of Fujichiya Kasuga ? Are you going to talk about the case ? Of course I 'm going to tell you . Tell me this , first . She 's from a very distinguished family , unlike us . Is she a popular dancer of some sort ? Don 't you know how wealthy she is ? If she 's so wealthy , why does she live so simply ? It 's probably because Fujichiya hasn 't danced in a while . She hasn 't been dancing ? - What 's the matter with you ? ! She hasn 't danced in public for a while now . Why doesn 't she hold any performances ? In reality , it has to do with her parents and grandparents . They won 't let her perform ? Are you certain that what you 're telling me about her is true ? Well , that 's all I know . I remembered something I have to do . Wait for me , huh ? Just for a bit , okay ? Hello , desk ? It 's me . Open the files we have on Fujichiya Kasuga . Find out about her old boyfriends and any other unusual things . Yes . Thank you . Oh , Okamoto . We finally received the autopsy report . Although I 'm not sure it 's correct . Something suffocated the victim . Something ... ? I 'm not sure what it is . What , you don 't know ? We did a complete sweep of the crime scene , but we can 't figure out what caused it . Damn , it seems totally impossible ! Hey , buddy ! This guy 's good . He 's pulled off two robberies and we don 't have any clues ! We don 't have much to go on , huh ? We couldn 't find a single lead . It really has me concerned . I don 't have much knowledge of science , but I suspect Fujichiya is involved . Why ? Fujichiya 's residence is near the crash . It 's too coincidental . This Fujichiya lives near the accident site ? This woman , she works as a dancer . Now that I think about it , it makes a little sense . Fujichiya comes from a wealthy family so she 's use to having a lifestyle higher than she has now . Due to certain circumstances she no longer performs in public , and the money eventually runs out . I 'm sure Fujichiya would do anything to get back on her feet financially . I can 't see how she could pull off the bank robberies . To pull it off , she would need someone 's assistance . Well , I 'd like to question her about the crime scene . Question her ? You 're barking up the wrong tree ! Well , don 't worry about her . Don 't beat yourself up over it . To Kasuga 's , right ? Get in . I have a meeting with Fujichiya as well . Your attitude to this case is unforgivable . It 's a ride . Don 't want it ? I 'll say it again . Don 't get involved in my case . A person like you could get hurt or ... Good afternoon . Is this Fujichiya 's car ? Yes , it is . Sorry to keep you waiting . She was just on the telephone . Pleased to meet you . I 'd like an opportunity to interview you . What do you want with me ? Yes , well ... When will this year 's recital be ? I hope to give a recital next month . An announcement will be given to the press . Where do you plan on holding the event ? I 'm no quite sure about that . I am currently booking a theater for it . Will you perform alone ? - Yes , mostly . Mostly ? - A supporting company . May I write that ? I wish you wouldn 't . It 's not definite . It would really do well for your publicity . I would prefer that you didn 't write it . Will you let me know when it 's definite ? If an announcement is made , I can 't say that it will be released to the general public . It was a pleasure to meet you . Thank you . How about that ride ? Get going ! - Okay ! Really ! I see she has a pretty home for someone living so simply . Anyone could jump to a conclusión like that ! Hey ! How about it ? That 's a pretty expensive car she 's got . You 're saying that car is hers ? - Yes , that 's right . She just bought it new this morning . She 's also working on giving a recital . Hey , it costs a lot to rent a theater for a recital . That 's what I 've heard . I can 't see how she could manage it . She 'd have to rob a lot of banks in Japan for that money , that 's my guess . How did you come up with that interesting theory ? I don 't think her father would approve . That 's not surprising . What a break ! Do you understand that this is a police matter ? I 'm just observing the developments . This isn 't a joke ! You 're just a journalist . You can 't print any of your suspicions until the investigation is complete . Go ahead , investigate . You 're the detective . Hey ! You may have gotten that information , but you certainly didn 't get it on your own . How do you like my investigation ? It 's not perfect , however ... - She got a hold of some wealth , right ? I got that from the new car . That lady 's hiding something . I could tell that from our little interview . She was too sincere . Alright . This isn 't a normal criminal investigation . Your interference could cause trouble . This time , don 't make a move without me . Really ? I want to stay with the investigation . I think I have as much a right as you do . You think . I 'm capable of finding as much as you . You shouldn 't shut me out because I 'm a journalist . Those at police headquarters don 't believe Fujichiya 's part of the problem . They 're too wrapped up in official business to check . In order to solve this case , it 's best that we cooperate . It 's the public library , huh ? I 'm not sure how this connects with the robberies . You can 't leave me ! I didn 't make any promises . You can 't expect me to honor what wasn 't agreed . Kasuga ? - Yes ? Here are the prints you requested . That last lady with the big book , what was it ? It 's a book of ancient songs , but ... I 'm just curious , that 's all . And you are ... ? I didn 't mean to worry you . She 's one of Japan 's famous dancers . Her name is Fujichiya Kasuga . That much I know . She comes here quite often and stays long hours studying our ancient engravings . She stopped here at house number twelve . I 'll find out who lives there . You know that I would work with you anytime . I have many pupils to train this year and it has unfortunately filled up my schedule completely . Why don 't you wait a little longer , say a couple of months , before you try to dance again ? You need more time to regain your health . I will pay you 200,000 yen for you to perform . For that performance ? You don 't need to ... I 'll do it ! I 'll do it ! Well , what a pleasure to have you in our home again . It 's been so long . We 've missed you and we talk about you all the time . I hope he 's told you how glad we are to see you again . Darling , a moment ... ? Anyway , please take back your money . So , you 're still following that dancer ? - Yes , I 'm tailing her . She 's going to give a recital , huh ? - She just hired a troupe in Ikebukuro . Well , I 'm sure she 'll draw a crowd . Yes . You know , renting a theater costs 5,000,000 yen . What other expenses are involved in a recital ? Fujichiya will need about 10,000,000 yen in total to do it . Musicians , costumes , the theater and scenery require a large sum of money to assemble . She couldn 't do all that without the help of some wealthy benefactor . Who 's her sponsor ? I 've asked a lot of good patrons , but nobody seems to know who it is . Alright , I see . Let 's find out where she got that money . Keep on top of it . Hello ? Somebody ! Set up the tape recorder ! It 's someone claiming to be the bank robber ! Don 't waste your time . It 's probably a lunatic . He says he 'll only speak to the editor . You 'll have to take the message for him . Hello ? Sorry to keep you waiting . The editor 's coming to the desk and will be with you shortly . Hello ? - Are you the editor ? Yes , I am . Tomorrow , 3pm , the Kyodo Bank in Shinjuku will be robbed . Do you understand why I 'm telling you this ? Why ? I want to be certain you 'll print this story . Where are you now ? - That information is not important . I wanted you on the phone so you could warn the bank 's staff of what 's going to happen . I have nothing against the employees , so I don 't want to hurt them . If they cooperate with me , I assure you not a single person will be hurt . Hey , print what I said on the telephone . I don 't want them to make any mistakes . Hello ? Hello ? ! Three o 'clock has passed , huh ? That guy must have been a crackpot . I 'm not so sure . But if he wanted to rob the bank , he 'd be here by now . I don 't need you to tell me ! I heard what he said to the press . Well , well ... I think we caught the guys responsible for robbing the banks . Damn ! Now , with your cooperation , we 've managed to catch the bandits . You caught them ? He couldn 't be caught ! They say they caught them . But isn 't there a chance they 're still in danger ? You 've got them now , it 's your problem . Hello ? - Are you the editor ? Yes , I am . Tomorrow , 3pm , the Kyodo Bank in Shinjuku will be robbed . Do you understand why I 'm telling you this ? Why ? I want to be certain you 'll print this story . That 's enough . You 've got me . Well listen a little more . The best is yet to come . I wanted you on the phone so you could warn the bank 's staff of what 's going to happen . I have nothing against the employees , so I don 't want to hurt them . If they cooperate with me , I assure you not a single person will be hurt . This conversation between you two was just given to the police from the press . We have a strong case against you . Convict me , then . Where is the money ? Money ? Didn 't the police take it with them ? Don 't be coy ! What did you do with the money from the other robberies ? What makes you think that I have any money left ? Tell us where you hid the 56,000,000 ! I won 't talk if you 're going to treat me like that ! How much did you spend on luxuries ? Did you send it out to be laundered ? Gambling at the races ? Hey , tell us where you hid it . How about we go over it again ? We 've solved the case of Fujichiya . How about that ? That 's a joke because this case was solved too perfectly . I know about the man you caught . The prosecutors say they have a full confessión from him . You didn 't see this guy confess . There wasn 't any regret in it . The case is solved . I thought you 'd be happy . I want it solved . - You don 't act like it ! You have all this evidence supporting the case , yet you don 't think he did it . It 's the cop in me . I don 't like it when all the chips fall too conveniently . You have to be sure of every minute detail . Hey , you want to know what I think doesn 't fit ? What ? He was dumb enough to alert the police of his intentions . The first time the police were involved , they failed to find any clues . He got cocky and now he 's landed himself in jail . And you don 't find that peculiar ? When you really think about it , it still doesn 't explain how Fujichiya got a hold of that money . Maybe she sat down with her father and asked him for it . If her father lent her the money for her sake , he 's a supportive parent ! Alright . Think that way . Welcome . I 've got urgent business , okay ? This is the latest addition to our case . It 's one of the bills stolen from the banks . Chairman Yamada from the bank said it came from a Kichijoji theater located here . Should I mention who the sponsor is ? Two men over there . You guys take the back door . The police will just have to wait . But ... Do as I say ! - Yes . Well , then ... Please start from the second passage . Don 't be alarmed . - Sure . Hey ... No doubt about it , huh ? You 're Fujichiya Kasuga , right ? Let 's go to police headquarters . If you are innocent , there 's no need to be silent . You must tell us right now where the money came from . It was given to me so that I could dance again . You must tell the inspector if you knew the money was stolen or not . You have nothing to fear if you are telling the truth . I 'm afraid that I 've nothing to say . - What ? Would I have spent the money so openly if I knew that it was stolen ? You would want us to believe you 're innocent , huh ? All you have to do is tell us who gave you the money . I can not betray a friend who has always treated me with kindness . Do you men work for the newspapers ? Oh , that depends on if you ask us or the editors . I want to talk to you about the bank gang . They 're getting ready to link the dancer Fujichiya to the crime . Crap , I always screw up at this point ! The men being held aren 't the criminals . But , they were caught attempting to rob the bank . They were responsible for robbing only one bank . I don 't believe Fujichiya would associate with them at all . Do you know who gave her the money ? Yes . Who was it ? Who stole the money ? I did it . Right now , I 'm going to give my confessión but I thought you journalists would want to hear it too . We 're in a meeting right now ! Please get out ! This man here says the men you arrested aren 't the real bank robbers ! If you ask Fujichiya , she 'll confirm it . I didn 't want to involve her in this case but I 'm the one responsible for giving her the money . Get in here ! - Hey ! Hey ! Everyone , please get out . Hey , tell us your name ! Uhh ... later , at our conference . We have every right to be here for this ! Come on , come on . Get out . Get out . You 'll give us his name , right ? How can we give it to you if you won 't let us question him ? You ... We 've met . Yes , we met each other at the library . At that time , I gave Fujichiya the money . I 'm sure the bank gang couldn 't provide any adequate details as to how they managed to commit the robberies . You 're the one who did it ? Will you take me to the second crime scene ? Unless I can demonstrate , none of you will want to believe me . Take the cuffs off him . Well , I 'll go in . This setup is just like before , right ? The bank safe was open . That 's how I got into it . We shouldn 't need to do that . I want the crime scene to look the same as before . Manager , please open the safe . Is this better ? - Yes . Can everyone please step back a little ? Fire ! Wait ! Stop it ! Stop what you 're doing ! Stop it ! Manager ! Manager ! This is how it actually happened . Inspector ! - Wait ! Imiko ! I trust you won 't forget this demonstration . The woman you 're holding is not guilty . Release her from your custody at the police headquarters . Even now , after this ... Fujichiya still refuses to make a statement . The threat of this gas man has forced me to keep her in the police station . But , Fujichiya has been deceived by him . A religious holiday is coming up . It would do us well to release her . They 're bound to meet one another , and that 's our chance to arrest him . How can we arrest him ? The gas man 's a living creature . There must be a way . Our scientists are researching a way that would allow us to hold onto him . Like fiends , you still refuse to release Fujichiya from your custody ? Who are you ? - The suspect . You men might otherwise know me as the gas man . Does Fujichiya know about you for her own sake ? She 'd never marry you ! She 'd refuse you if she heard the truth ! Do you think your abilities put you above the law ? Don 't you think that holding on to an innocent person is also above the law ? I am no longer a human being , therefore I am no longer subject to human law . Then , you have no right to love Fujichiya . She will prove that statement false . The fact that you 're a gas man ... Does she know ? There ! Hey ! Hey ! What is this ? What is this ? Nothing more than hearing gunshots from your office ! You 're wrong ... It was ... - Tell us what happened ! Everyone , quiet down ! The gas man is finished waiting for Fujichiya 's release ! Well , observe ... Now , nothing will stand in the way of her giving the recital . Publish the announcement . This is the gas man 's decree . Didn 't you hear what I said ? ! Hurry and print the story in time for tomorrow 's newspaper ! What 's all this noise about ? We 're just having some fun . Officer ... ? Come here ... - You should behave more like her ! Officer ! Officer ! What 's going on ? There 's no opposition . Come on , let 's go home . I 'm innocent ... If I go with you now , I 'll be a criminal . I know you 're innocent , so I 'm releasing you ! I will wait here until they release me . That 's crazy ! They held on to you as bait to bring me back here ! You ... ? - What in the world have I become ? A short time ago I was like everyone else , and now I 'm the gas man ! I 'm not who I used to be , but you must break out ! Hey ! Everyone , get out ! Hey , what 's going on ? ! Everyone , get out ! - We 're free ! If Fujichiya won 't be released , I 'll free every one of the criminals ! Hey ! Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Fujichiya ! Jiya ! Are you well ? They haven 't mistreated you at all ? Please return to your cell . Don 't run away . Yes . Hey , photographers ! Photographers ! There 's a jailbreak going on down in the basement ! Well , the police have put a complete blackout on any information . They won 't say who the gas man is or release any other details of the case . That may be so , but it 's your job to find out . - Desk ! I have a great idea ! Why don 't we get all this information from the source ? The gas man himself ! What ? Who was the one who first alerted us to his existence ? It was the gas man . We can provide him with a platform to tell his story . Let 's send him an invitation through the paper . Well ? That must be the craziest thing you ever thought of ! It 's that bad ? - No , not at all ! The paper wishes to contact the man attempting to release Fujichiya Kasuga in the hope that we may learn his story . Well ? If he goes for this , we 'll find out who he is ! Our sales will break records ! Hello ... ? It 's me . The anonymous man is Mizuno ? I don 't know him . What 's the matter with you ? Thank you . Sorry to keep you waiting . Allow me to introduce our chief editor , Fuji , and the desk editor , Ikeda . Pleased to finally meet you . Have a seat . I can 't speak to you for very long . Were you followed ? We made sure that no patrol cars were around . You 're not cooperating with the police at all ? - No , you won 't have to worry about them ! I 'm alright , just don 't want anything bad to happen . I 'm sure you 've heard the media promoting the idea that you could be an alien of some kind ? The world is full of hysteria towards things they don 't understand . So , you 're the same as us ? - Yes . I was born on earth , just like the rest of you . How did you become a gas man ? Have you heard of a Doctor Sano ? Yes , he was a professor of biology . I heard he died last year . It was suicide . Huh ? Suicide ? ! He died during my experiment . The rotten job at the college was better than nothing . Before that , I was enlisted in the Self Defense Force . I flew through the air in jets at supersonic speeds . The shadow of cancer in my lungs , quickly ended the dream . One day , a message was delivered specifically to me . Listen , a gentleman is waiting for you outside . Sorry about this . Thank you . You should stress to him that you are not to be disturbed during business hours . Studying in the library had become very boring . My only friend was undergoing treatment at a sanitarium . Professor at Johoku University . Medical Director of the Japan Space Research Program . Doctor Sano wasted little time in asking me , " Why are you wasting your talents here ? " Of course , he knew about the medical reasons that led to my discharge as a pilot . Later , I learned that the Self Defense Force referred him to me . My name was listed among their heroes . The training you received in the SDF makes you a perfect candidate for our space pilot program . Sure ... But what about my job at the school ? Listen , the rocket space pilot program offers a challenge greater than this job will ever do . How could this place push the limits of the human body ? We 're going to change the very existence of the body . This method will allow our cells to withstand the intense heat of the sun ! He offered 20,000 yen to join him . The 20,000 seemed like a good proposition . However , 50,000 or 100,000 ... It didn 't matter for a chance like this . So , I took the 20,000 . The following Sunday , I went to his laboratory . This is a standard contract for your services . Sign here , please . Now , I want you to take off your coat . This is a kind of human poison . It 's not really anything that bad . It actually induces a deep sleep . I want you to sleep while I perform the necessary experiments needed to create changes in your body . Well , you can put on your coat . Come this way , please . I want you to step in there . You can leave your clothes on . Well , lay down here . I 'll get the process started soon , okay ? Alright , we 'll take this nice and easy . In my mind it only seemed like two or three hours . In reality , it lasted two hundred forty hours . Simply put , I was in a deep sleep for ten days . I didn 't know why the doctor was trembling with fear , but I was beginning to understand . Mizuno ! Mizuno ! However , the doctor was terrified by his experiment and he didn 't know how to return me to normal . The doctor 's intense experiment turned me in to something new . I became the very first gas man . So , when Dr. Sano realized his experiment had failed , he committed suicide ? I wouldn 't call it a failure . I 'm still quite alive . A failure would only have come from my death and the doctor would live to betray someone else . Doctor Sano would never do something like that . That 's what you say . How many others were sacrificed before me ? You lied to me about your experiment ! You 're wrong ! - Running away from me ? Forgive me ! I didn 't want to keep it a secret this time ! This time ... ? Then , who else did you betray ? What happened in your other experiments ? ! Are they dead ? ! Did you kill them ? ! I felt as if my life was completely over . Where or how could I go on ? However , the doctor 's calculations were not as flawed as he originally thought them to be . His lifelong desire created a gaseous superman . He created the ultimate human . He did it ! I 'm alive ! I suppose now , I should be grateful to the doctor . His experiment didn 't work as expected , but it gave me all that I could want . How much would you give to be the only person who could turn into mist at will ? I 'm sure you 'd have done anything to live . You 'd even laugh at killing . Did you know Fujichiya before this ? I 've loved her before I became a gas man . I got her the money she needed . I did it specifically so she could give her recital . I just want to restore her shattered spirit . How in the world did you ... - You men get out , quickly ! Fire ! Get out ! I 'm impressed by what I 've heard about you from certain circles . I 'm certain that you had no idea how the gas man was getting you the money . We would like you to cooperate with us . Our scientists believe he would willingly appear for you . Please listen to what the scientists say . If the gas man accepts your invitation , they can release a large chemical process . I 'm sure you don 't believe he used his power for less than noble purposes but you don 't know how much of a threat the gas man is to the people of earth . We 'll release you as soon as we have your answer . In order to release an innocent person , they must agree to your conditions ? Fujichiya 's home life isn 't very lavish , huh ? Why ? We have no idea what tragedy befell her to decide to live like that . I heard she became accustomed to it . I wonder if the gas man 's sudden appearance caused any problems in her family ? Now he 's mankind 's problem . Worst case scenario , he could be terribly destructive . That 's just a line from the authorities . He 's no threat to mankind . However , the bureau thinks his gaseous condition could be hazardous . We should give their theory some merit . Anyway , that 's their problem . The police have no idea where this gas man is or how to track him . That 's right . The gas man used lethal means for his personal , childish demands so the bureau has no choice but to stop him by any means necessary . Hey , you mean ... ? - Hey , Ikeda ! Hey ! All of the musicians don 't want to perform . This situation with Mizuno has us all concerned . He is different from what they are accustomed to . It 's natural . Kasuga , it might be best to postpone the recital . Surely you can see that . The police would be there in force Kasuga , and none of us knows how Mizuno would act in a situation like that . He would compliment you for a wonderful performance . Don 't be absurd ! It 's not about compliments ! The case will eventually fade away , that 's why we think we shouldn 't perform yet . Please reconsider , Kasuga . They will have to control themselves . They should stay focused on the show . That 's just it , Kasuga ... This time , we 're talking about a gas man , and they clearly consider Mizuno a big deal . I understand . Well , tell everyone it 's okay . Really ... ? Then , there 's nothing else to say . Thank you for your patience . I thought I 'd find you alone out here . Jiya , close it quickly ! - Yes . The recital is all set . It will be your best performance . Are you angry with what I did ? That money ... It was stolen from the banks , right ? I did it for your sake . What else could I do for you ? You must believe me . I can give you the world . At the sacrifice of others ? I would sacrifice everyone who stands in my way . What about those killed by Dr. Sano before me ? It 's despicable ! Now that I 'm in the thick of it I wonder how others would 've handled things if the roles were reversed . Would they be just like me ? They would forget about you . Good , huh ? Take advantage of this situation ! Let them shout the name of Kasuga around the world ! How can you care for those around you when they won 't allow you to excel on your own ? ! I would do anything for you . You have become my source of luck . When I 'm here with you , nothing else matters . They will recognize your greatness when they watch your performance . Who can interfere with us now ? I will accept any responsibility to place you on your beautiful stage ! You want to find a way to kill him but we 've barely scratched the surface of the research Dr. Sano has conducted . However , it has to be something that won 't be a threat to the girl . If there was a way we could prevent him from changing forms ... You couldn 't do that ? Well ... Let 's go into the other room . It 's obvious that his actions are motivated by his love for Kasuga . In life , we sometimes do things we regret . Wouldn 't it be better if we allowed him to see the recital ? No . We can 't afford to be lenient in this case . The gas man could be capable of reacting wildly . His mood is totally unpredictable . But if we had a way to contain him if he gets out of control , that would just be fine . That guy is capable of anything . He could cause immense trouble if he is provoked in the theater . There is a final possibility . I 'm not sure it will work , but an explosión of U.M. Gas might finish off Mizuno . Is that stuff undetectable ? Yes , about ninety percent of it . The hard part is luring him into an enclosed area where we can detonate it . However , there 's no proper place we know of that he can be lured into . How much space do you need ? About five-thousand cubic meters would be good . I could prepare something useful if you have a certain location in mind . The perfect place would be at the recital , huh ? That 's impossible . Consider this , is there a way you could isolate him in order to finish him ? We 'll figure out a way to do it . The tickets have all been sold . Is it possible to buy the tickets back , Kasuga ? What purpose would that serve ? The police are going to arrest Mizuno . You 've heard the police ... They 're going to try to trap Mizuno in there . They won 't let the recital stop them . I am destined for this performance . No , Kasuga ... You can release a statement in today 's newspaper requesting that the patrons stay home . The police will cover the entrances . They intend to capture Mizuno . As it drags on , more people will be sacrificed in the process . Do you really want that ? Isn 't there another way ? No . Kasuga , Mizuno will listen to anything you say . You must see what 's bound to happen at the event tonight . Please talk to him . Right now , nothing else matters to Mizuno except you . For your benefit he arranged this event so you could show everyone the strength of your talent . But the people attending the performance are only interested in you and Mizuno . You must see this clearly . Tonight 's recital must be delayed until another time . Cancel it for everyone until the gas man is captured . What kind of cruel person would still hold an event knowing the situation as it is ? You 're name is Kyoko , right ? You ... You must really be in love with your man . He must be a good man . That must be it , right ? Why else would you talk to me unless it 's for the sake of the man you love . Then ... Kyoko , I 'm going through with it . The recital will go on . Despite the pleas of everyone around me , I will dance . He did all those things so I could perform at the recital . I will return the honor for his sake . Do you really love him ? How could I not ? I can 't get through my final performance without him . Roger . Okamoto , how are you going to do it ? Are there any doubts that the gas man will show ? Is it true no one is being allowed in ? No , Fujichiya is dancing in there . How about it ? Are you going to get rid of him ? What ? You don 't need to know that . No ! I hear he 'll never surrender ! - I heard you guys set a trap ! Kyoko ! Kyoko ! Where are you going ? ! Hey , Kyoko ! - Okamoto ! We 're holding the perimeter , but some journalists managed to get through . Yes . They 're entering the building now . We have to get everyone inside , out ! We can 't delay our operation ! I want the gas man in there only ! Sir , we have orders to begin the operation soon . Hold it . It 's not just Fujichiya up there . Fujichiya and the musicians must be removed . Tank 3 , ready . - Good . Tank 4 . - Good . Tank 5 . - Good . What 's going on ? - They 're running late . Hello ? Hey ! Let 's go ! The gas man hasn 't done anything yet ! Who is watching this garbage ? We want the gas man ! The gas man ! That 's right ! He has returned . Think about it . Open up your eyes . Why hasn 't he shown up then ? That 's what I came here for ! What makes the gas man so special ? ! So what if he killed some people ? ! We want the gas man to come out here ! I am the gas man . Kasuga , please leave quickly ! - Fujichiya ! Come on , this is going to get dangerous ! No . I haven 't finished my dance yet . Fujichiya , you don 't want to be killed . Come on , hurry ! Fujichiya , please ! This is my final performance . I have been waiting for the end . I beg you , won 't you allow me to stay behind with my lady ? Okamoto ... There 's a man unconscious back here . What 's with Okamoto ? ! Hurry up ! Get going ! It will take time to fill the theater . We must start now . It can 't be helped . Please begin . Alright , begin . - Yes , sir . Hey , get up ! Hang in there ! Do you actually care about this guy ? I am having a wonderful evening . I don 't want him to get in the way . Okamoto ! Let 's go . Okamoto ! - Hey , what happened ? Fujichiya and Jiya are staying behind . - You couldn 't convince them ? I couldn 't ... They want to die along with the gas man ? I guess we won 't be going through with it , right ? When will we have a better chance than now ? This may be our only opportunity . Ninety-six ... Ninety-seven ... Ninety-eight ... Stop it ! Stop it , please ! Okamoto ! This is my responsibility . It 's my responsibility alone . It failed ... - It failed ? ! What happened ? - What caused it ? That is the end of the recital . Hello , Captain ? This is Tabata . You did it ! It was fantastic ! You and I have finally won . Is the gas man dead ? Probably ... Probably ? - Don 't you think it worked ? What caused the explosión ? That 's what I don 't understand . Fujichiya and the old man ... ? The gas man ?
