 Do you know Professor Wahl ? I 'm sorry , sir ? Professor Wahl , the sculptor . I know he lives in a windmill Is it far ? Other side - near the stone women What ? We call it the Mill of the Stone Women Is that it ? No , further on Past the cemetery of Veeze He wants the Mill of the Stone Women We 're off ... - Thanks - You 're welcome Who 's there ? Van Harnim . Hans van Harnim Can I help you ? Professor Wahl , please ? Come in Wait here , please Sir ... the Professor wants you to wait in his studio But ... This way , please Please , sir Hans van Harnim ? Professor Gregorius Wahl I didn 't expect you It 's a long way from Rotterdam Professor Caran sent me . I 'm his assistant He said you 'd be expecting me I didn 't reply yet . Why such haste ? The book 's publisher is putting pressure on The monograph should be ready for the centenary Of course ... I didn 't think of that The first of February , it will be 100 years since my great grandfather first opened the windmill So , when can you start ? Tomorrow , if that 's all right . Professor Caran has given me 10 days Since you 're here , why not start now ? . I 'm afraid I have very little time to spare Follow me ... Conrad , check the brakes . We don 't want an accident Yes , Professor I was just about to Careful , this floor is very cluttered Here are the gears They use to run the mill , now they give life to the statues - Est-ce les statues originales ? - La plupart , oui J 'en ai fait d 'autres . Vous en avez vu dans mon atelier Tres impressionant . Vous faites les finitions ? Je fais tous moi-m 'me Je vous en prie Vous pourrez travailler ici . C 'est un endroit trãs calme I 've got some documents ready for you All the history of the windmill Everything you need should be here - Can I take them away ? - No ... ! I 'd prefer they remain here Then I can help you with your work I shall take some days ' holiday I 'm afraid I have to go now The last ferry leaves in three hours Be sure you don 't miss it Don 't worry One final thing , you must finish in six days I 'm sure that 's enough I 'll leave you to it Shelma ! Shelma ... No. no . The line is too heavy . Try a lighter touch here Thank you , Professor Hey , Annelore , Annelore ... Don 't distract me . I can 't even get two lines right today You 've been like that ever since Hans turned up Nonsense , Raab You 've really got your head in the clouds today What 's wrong ? Nothing . I 'm just a little tired - Professor ? - Yes Did a Mr Van Harnim come to see you ? Do you know him ? Since we were children Ah , childhood friends He seems like a serious young man I 'm sure he 'll do good work Right , that 's it for today . Class dismissed I must cancel the class for Tuesday . We 'll meet next Friday for sculpture Four days off ... what bliss What 'll you do ? Go to Danzen with Hans . That 's our home town Carpe Diem , Liselotte It 's time he settled down before he gets too old I 'm sure this time he 'll come with me Come on , hurry up ! Hans will go if we keep him waiting Excuse me , do you have a light ? Of course I asked for a light ... ? Oh yes , sorry Thank you , Mr ... ? Van Harnim ... Hans van Harnim Bolem ... Doctor Bolem Goodnight Goodnight ... Excuse me My legs are very pretty And spiritual There 's none in this city That look so well They 're made just for dancing Olay ! Olah ! And if I want to show them off Well , what 's the harm ? The rhythm of the dance Excites you all And now it 's your chance To join the ball You cry in gay abandon You lose your head Forget about your troubles And dance instead And if my little ditty Should make you warm You think it 's very witty And full of charm I give it all I 've got And then some more To give you all some ideas Behind closed doors ! Hey ! You look happy I got a job at the Globe in Paris . Top billing - So ... I 'll never see you again ? - I 'll send you a postcard , Raab The best of luck , Annelore ! Liselotte ! What 're you doing ? Me ? Nothing ... just getting a free show You 'll catch cold When I found you 'd gone , I was worried Unlike you , to worry about me All right , I 'm sorry But your damn Professor made me work late Satisfied ? No ? Alright then , I 'll buy you dinner Come on Happy faces to brighten up my gloomy world What 's wrong ? I should have studied dance rather than fine art And what have you been up to today ? Oh ... Playing bowls with Professor Wahl Like to order ? How was Wahl ? He gave me six days to finish and said I had to work there all day Do you know him well ? Does he have a daughter ? A daughter ? I heard something ... I believe her mother died in childbirth And she has a strange name . Elfy , or something Elfy , that 's right . What 's she like ? No idea . No-one ever saw her She 's must be so ugly , he keeps her locked away Strange ... very strange Why ? Because she 's pretty - very pretty Don 't you get it , Raab ? You know her ? No - but I do know you ! Are you trying to annoy her ? No ... she 's right But I didn 't mean it like that Do me a favor , Raab . Have a word with her Here we go again ! I am Elfy Hans ... Hans van Harnim Come in ... Sit down No. I can 't stay , Hans . I must go soon . Someone 's watching me . There always is I can 't explain right now , Hans ... But I must speak to you This evening This evening ... but where ? Here ... In the mill But someone might see us Is it really so urgent ? Yes . It 's really urgent 11 o 'clock tonight . They will all be asleep No-one will know Take this key . It unlocks the door to the mill Please ... be careful I 'll be waiting I am tired I must rest now Let me accompany you Good night , father Good night , my dear My compliments , Elfy I never saw you play with such passion before It wasn 't for you , Bolem I realize that But never forget I 'm the only one who really knows you And you have no right to love any other Stop it , Bolem Good night Elfy ! Hans ! You scared me Didn 't you hear me come in ? I was asleep I 'm sorry if I woke you You seemed so keen to speak me But when I came in you were so strangely still I was dreaming of you How you were coming to see me from so far away I was waiting for you to arrive and I was so happy It was strange to feel such happiness And when I felt you there beside me I wanted to go on sleeping I was so afraid ... I was so afraid to wake up I didn 't want the dream to end It was a dangerous dream , Elfy Who knows where it might have ended What 's wrong ? Don 't you want me ? Of course , Elfy . But afterwards ... Who cares about that ? What matters is that I want you now Come and kiss me Two friends of yours are waiting downstairs Who ? I don 't know . A young lady and a gentleman Thanks Hello , Raab . I guessed it was you But she said there were two people ... - Oh , Liselotte ! - l came to tell you off Good. I need to hear that Well , I think I 'll go off and see these statues How long have we known each other ? I don 't know - forever And you always loved me ? Yes . And you ? Well ... I didn 't know that I loved you It 's only now I realize it Now that I know what real love is Your love But I don 't deserve it , Liselotte Why not ? I 'm ashamed to say Then don 't Can you forgive me ? Everything ? Of course , Hans ... I love you They scare me ! The Poisoner of Poitiers Stop ! Stop ! What is it ? A young woman 's fallen ill Miss Liselotte ... ! So what happened ? I don 't know . I don 't understand Now wait a second . I think I have something ... Here ... Get her to breathe this She 'll soon be alright , you 'll see This sort of thing often happens here How do you feel , Lotti ? Better , thanks . But please let 's go Help her outside Oh ... Wait a second ... It must have been your hat pin Don 't worry , it 's only a small cut That 's better . Now you can go and get some fresh air I 'm sorry to be so much trouble No , please , don 't apologize It wasn 't your fault Take care of yourself . I 'll see you in class next Friday Hans , I would like a word before you go Yes , Professor See you soon , Raab . And thanks ... Well done , Lotti . You did it Of course Professor ... ? Please , come in It will probably seem strange to you that I 'm going to talk about things to do with my family But I have my reasons I have a young daughter whom I love Elfy She is very ill As was her poor mother Science is powerless to help All we can do is watch and wait That 's why Dr Bolem lives here He never leaves us - day or night Always ready to act should a crisis occur and her life be in danger Is she aware how serious it is ? She really understands very little Or why she can 't live like other girls It is essential that she avoids all strong emotions or her life will be in danger I believe you to be honest and trustworthy I really hope you understand why I have spoken to you of Elfy It 's a request and a warning ... The next attack could kill her You can count on me You are a good boy and I thank you And now ... Back to work I was waiting , Hans . I knew you 'd come You didn 't give me much choice Forgive me . I was desperate I don 't know why but I had a sudden fear you no longer wanted me That you 'd never come back I thought of giving your letter to your father But that seemed rather unkind Now I feel I 've betrayed him After he trusted me So you would betray me ? Because my father trusted you ... That 's not the only reason . We made a mistake , Elfy We were foolish , but it must not continue But I love you , Hans I love only you . Don 't you understand ? Others have abused my trust ; taken advantage of my loneliness I know you blame me for that . That 's why you reject me But if only you knew how horrible my life is All day locked up in this place I do understand , Elfy . I don 't blame you But ... I don 't want to mislead you . Elfy - l don 't love you So what ? You can grow to love me . I just want to be with you always Take me away from here , Hans . From this sad existence I will go wherever you go , Hans Please , don 't talk so . You know it 's impossible You have to stay here We must forget everything that happened Hans ! Don 't lie to me It 's because of that girl Yes , I saw you But I swear to you she won 't take you from me and if she does , I 'll kill you ... Elfy , stop this nonsense . Are you crazy ? Yes ... yes ... And that 's why I want you ... My ... my ... Dead ... ! Good morning , Mr Hans I 'm sorry I kept you waiting . I was just clearing up What can I do for you ? What can I do for you ? I must speak to Professor Wahl . Urgently I haven 't called him yet . It 's still very early I realize it 's inconvenient , but I really must see him I can 't call him now , Mr Hans . It 's not even 7 o 'clock Can 't you wait just a little while ? Yes ? What is it ? I 'm sorry , sir . I didn 't know you were there I 'll come back Wait , Shelma ... Yes , sir ? Come in Has anyone been here since yesterday evening ? No-one ever comes in here Did you put this rose here ? I 'm far too busy to collect flowers That 's all right , Shelma Professor Wahl wants to see you I 'll go now What 's wrong ? Are you in pain ? No , it 's nothing I 'm not so sure . Do you have a fever ? You cut yourself ... I told you , it 's nothing . I 'm all right ! You can 't see the Professor in this state However urgent it is I 'm sorry , I 'm a little tired Well , let me see ... What can I give you ... ? Yes , a tranquilizer . That 's just what you need Two of these and you 'll feel a lot better Go on , drink it Soon you 'll feel much better Murderer ! You 're a coward and a murderer ! No ... You must believe me That 's why I came here To talk to you ... to tell you the truth ... Words ! Just worthless words ! Pathetic excuses You took advantage of my hospitality I trusted you . Talked to you like a son You knew how frail my Elfy was , but that didn 't stop you You killed her . Murderer ! It 's not true ... it 's not true ! I 'll hear no more . What use are mere words No-one ... no-one can bring my daughter back Elfy is dead Elfy is dead and buried May she rest in peace Let no-one disturb her sleep Let her rest in the grave Whatever happens , no-one must know the truth No-one ! Elfy is in her tomb in the cemetery at Veeze Nothing shall sully her memory Let her sleep in eternal peace What ... ? You are ill ... Very ill But , there was blood ... there Blood ? Why ? Why ? Elfy ! It 's not possible ... ! It was there ! Mr Van Harnim , what are doing here at this hour ? What 's going on here ? I don 't understand I want to see Professor Wahl ! Calm down Who 's that woman ? What woman ? Tied up in there ! I don 't know what you 're talking about ... There - take a look if you want Where is Professor Wahl ? I want to see him now You 're in a state . Calm down Out of my way Professor Wahl ! Who 's there ? Hold on ! Conrad ... Conrad , it 's all right So , what is it ? Professor , I must talk to you More lights Talk to me ? It 's one in the morning ... I was trying to tell him , but he 's in such a state Something 's going on here . You must explain ... Mr Van Harnim ... I think it 's you who owes me an explanation Earlier today I saw you and you forbade me to ever mention Elfy again Elfy ... What are you saying ? Who talked to you about her ? And what do you thinks ' going on ? Can you really not remember ? Or do you not want to ... Now I begin to understand You want me to think I was dreaming No ! You can 't blame me It was not my fault ! I think you 've gone mad . What was not your fault ? Typical schizophrenic hallucinations No ... You want me to believe that I saw Elfy alive But what about the bracelet ? It was there on the table ... Then ... Then , Elfy was wearing it in her coffin Elfy ! Elfy in her coffin ? What are you talking about ? At the cemetery of Veeze ... You told me yourself , Professor I saw her ... In her coffin . Dead ... Dead ... As you know ! Hans ! What 's going on here ? Why all the shouting ? It 's nothing serious , miss Go back to bed . Don 't worry , Elfy Bolem , go with her Conrad ! Listen ... I 'm no doctor , but I can tell you are in a disturbed state that could be dangerous to me and my daughter I won 't have it Yes , Professor ? Get the carriage to take Mr Van Harnim into town Yes , sir Don 't be ridiculous , Bolem . Hans is not mad You stopped him seeing me Elfy , you must forget all about him Never ... Hans means life to me No . Hans for you is certain death And I ... I am your life Your salvation You are bound to me forever Bound to a monster like you ? You 're mad And what would your Hans say if he found out what you really are ? I know what a rat you are Bolem . You 'd never talk You 're too scared to tell the truth Now go Bolem , we 've done it My plan has worked I have to admit , it does seem to have The drug you gave him destroyed all sense of reality lf he ever talks about it They 'll think him mad Maybe ... but I still think the other solution was better No . It would been too dangerous to kill him Too many people saw him here So long as he lives , he is a threat Your daughter will try to see him again She will forget him in time And after tonight 's experiences , he is unlikely ever to return Indeed . But there is one fact we can 't escape ... What ? Elfy died tonight So .. ? He held her in his arms . He will have known she was dead Just another hallucination Don 't forget , there 's nothing to prove what he saw I hope you 're right I shudder to think he might see your daughter again lf he asks her questions , he 'll discover the truth that she died and came back to life again And if he discovers how ... it 's the end for us ... and for your daughter lf that does happen , we 'll be forced to try your solution Elfy ! Another attack Quick , Bolem ! Yes , yes. I will save you , Elfy . Trust me , my darling Once again I will save you Get everything ready , Bolem . I 'll fetch her Help me , Professor ! Professor , I beg you ... ! Untie me ... Of course , Annelore ... I 'll set you free You won 't suffer anymore , I swear it Just be patient . I 'll set you free soon ... Very ... very soon ... Everything 's ready , Professor Give me that See , Elfy . Your bad blood is being drawn away It 'll be gone ... In just a few seconds Ready , doctor Now ! Yes , Professor How is he , doctor ? Medically speaking , he is well . He needs to rest Just four or five days I really thought we 'd lost him It was a sort of nervous breakdown A breakdown ? How strange ... He was in such good health before It is indeed strange . I can 't explain it What caused it ? I have no idea . You 're his friends , you know him best What can we do now ? . Nothing special Just lift his spirits and keep him amused You 're young , that should be easy ! Thanks doctor I 'll show you the way down So , what did the doctor say ? Is it all over for me , or is there a glimmer of hope ? It 's bad news , Hans . You 're almost well again Now you will be able to escape from me I know how much you loved playing the nurse Especially with me lying here all defenseless That 's right . And I loved it when you called my name You 'd say : Liselotte , I don 't feel well ... Liselotte , don 't leave me ... Liselotte , hold my hand I must have been really sick Go ahead and make fun of me I don 't mind now Why not ? Because you let it out when you were sick Now I know you love me You know that ? And do you know when I can get up ? In about three days That 's too late Hans , what are you doing ? I have urgent business tomorrow . I must go to Danzen ... To ask the parents of a certain person ... if they will accept me as a son in law Hans , really ? I think you should help me this time For three years I refused and I still do I am a doctor , not a mummifier of women Fine scruples for a man kicked out of the medical council Who spent many years of his life hiding from the law And you seem to forget that these statues keep you safe I still refuse to be a part of this macabre carousel I am here for one reason only : to save your daughter 's life I could say I do it for science , but that wouldn 't be strictly true I have no interest in your motives I ask only one thing of you : that you keep Elfy alive Professor Wahl What is it ? While you play with death , I have conquered it As you know ... I have created a serum that will protect the red blood cells But it was not permanent l needed to find an exact match for your daughter 's blood group It was very rare ... but now I have found it Elfy can soon live like other girls But who is it ? Liselotte Cornaim ! 52 steps ... we could have called her from the ground floor Liselotte Probably still asleep Who 's there ? What do you want ? Oh , Mr Hans ... Are you looking for Miss Liselotte ? I 'm sorry , but she 's not there Not there ? But she was expecting us ... She might have been What 's going on ? Well ... I don 't know if I should say Please do The young lady has not been back since yesterday evening Didn 't she say anything ? leave a message for me ? Nothing at all , or I would have told you Maybe there 's a note in her room Maybe ... I could let you in Why has she left her bag ? Maybe she took another one She 's also left her papers and her money What 's going on ? There could be any number of reasons Hey ... What 's up ? This girl ? Yes ... She 's a red-head ? Yes , that 's right . So what ? It 's her ... It has to be her that I saw What do you mean ? You must have seen her in the bar I never saw her before that night But how can that be , if it was all an hallucination ? Will this nightmare never end ? Listen Hans , I tried to question you when you were ill You wouldn 't talk about it and I gave up Now we 're getting somewhere That girl with the red hair was a model called Annelore You said you saw her . But where ? In the basement ... tied up What basement ? At the windmill Hold on a second , let 's think ... Annelore said she was leaving for Paris She never came back to the art class And now you - who never saw her - recognized her photograph ... and knew that she had red hair So it was no hallucination ; you must have seen her at the mill So then ... it might all be true All what ? This is serious , Hans Tell me ... Tell me everything that happened The blood has not degenerated . We can operate on Elfy tonight Are you sure of this ? There 's no risk to Elfy ? No risk at all Then we must not hesitate . We 'll do it tonight We must prepare at once . Please help me Tell Conrad to put this statue in the carousel today He knows what to do Of course We need some physical proof that your story is true Of course - the cemetery ... The cemetery at Veeze Just like you said The coffin is empty . What can that mean ? Well ... It was a dummy you saw in the coffin A wax dummy The thunder scares me When I was small I used to hide under the bed But you ... you were never afraid of anything Because you were never alone like me This mill was so full of shadows Did you already know Hans then ? Did he comfort you in his arms ? ... How wonderfully exciting it must have been to tremble in Hans ' arms But that 's all over now , Liselotte Hans will love me , because you won 't be here anymore And your life will be mine There , in this tube , is your daughter 's life Three years of meticulous work , Wahl ... During the transfusion , the serum will be introduced here Where it will be mixed with the new blood The serum is essential . Without it the red cells couldn 't grow They would be destroyed in a few months Like a cancer ... We will have to anaesthetize your daughter The process may cause a painful reaction in her Apart from that , it will be quite straightforward Good work. I congratulate you , Bolem . You 've thought of everything Almost everything You sure about this , Hans ? No turning back now Where to now ? . To the basement We need light There , by the doorway Stop it ! Quickly ... It 's a body ... A mummified corpse It looks like Annelore ! Liselotte ! - She 's down there - What can we do ? Move this , quick ! Come on Ready , Professor Good - get to work Wait a second , Professor Wahl What it is ? Tonight will be the last time that Elfy has need of this And so ? You realize ... I have spent years saving her from death I 've committed crimes for her and this evening , I will be giving her new life Your point ? I should be recompensed I never quibbled about money Who mentioned money ? Then what do you want ? Your daughter , Wahl Do you know what you 're saying ? Yes ... I have loved Elfy for years lf she lives , it 's only thanks to me Now I want her for my wife Your wife ! You think I would give Elfy to a creature like you ? A vile monster , barely worthy to draw breath ? ! If not for me , you 'd have been locked up years ago Be careful Wahl . Remember that I have the power now I always wanted her and now I will have her Are you crazy , Bolem ? I will never allow it You will never have Elfy . Her life will never belong to you She will never be soiled by a foul creature like you For me you were nothing but an instrument Enough ! Now I no longer need you , Bolem This is the end for you The only face my daughter will see when she awakens will be mine ! Killing me ... you 've killed your own daughter ... Killed her ... It 's hopeless Quick ! Through Wahl 's studio Elfy , tonight it will all be over . I will cure you forever Down here Quickly ! Where 's the serum ? Where ... ? Bolem , you dog ! Where is it ? No ... I don 't believe it ! It 's broken Quick Raab , this way ! She 's still alive Untie her quickly Dead ... You killed her , damn you ! You will all die ... ! All of you ! Go on ! It 's all on fire ! Go through the house Be still ! ... . Be still , damn you !
