 GORATH ( YOSEI GORASU ) Wouldn 't you rather go swimming in the daylight ? I can see by the moon 's light ! Well ... alright , count me in ! Here is the latest news . Here is the latest news . At 22 : 00 hours , the rocket ship JX-1 launched from the Mount Fuji Interstellar Exploration Agency grounds . Aboard the ship is Professor Raizo Sonoda , who 's just one of thirty members of its crew . That 's your father ! Good luck , father ! I have to get you home ... Huh ? ... to Manabe . To Manabe ? So you can get back to your wedding plans ! You ! This is Mount Fuji Observatory 6-1 . You will be 23 degrees above the equator in three minutes . Begin second stage interstellar speed procedures within the next 11,000 meters . We hope the crew has a successful mission . Over ... We are at earth departure point . All engines to full stop . All engines to full stop . Ready the telescopes . We are at the equatorial point . Just a little further ... This is earth broadcasting unit 1 . Your route is clear for interplanetary travel . Your route is clear for interplanetary travel . Your travel time will be approximately 9 months , 30 days and 18 hours . You should see the star in about 136 days . Its mass is about 6000 times that of the earth . We have named the new star , " Gorath " . It 's 6000 times the earth 's mass ? ! The present course of the star brings it within an extremely close proximity to our planet . Space control urges you to remain diligent . If we are to avoid this stellar catastrophe it will only be through the absolute cooperation of your team . What will we do ? We 'll be the first ship to get there . Ready main engine for firing ! Ready main engine for firing ! Alter course to port by 30 minutes . Altering course to port by 30 minutes ! Fire ! We have altered course for the star . Main engines ... fire ! Hey , aren 't we going to explore Saturn ? Attention ... We have just received orders to proceed to the new star , Gorath . Over . Captain doesn 't that mean we 'll be the first team to explore Gorath ? We 'll explore Gorath for all mankind ! We 'll be just like Columbus ! Now passing Comet Carina . Captain , we don 't have the calculations . What ? ! Oh no , do you think we 've passed it ? You can 't be serious ! It 's 6000 times the earth 's mass ! How could you miss that ? Navigation , check our course to Gorath once again since we left our station on earth . We are on the correct course to Gorath . Captain , we have an unidentified object on our monitors ! Where ? Position , 176 degrees spatial , azimuth at - 13 degrees ! Velocity is presently 471 ! All engines stop ! Maneuvering rockets ready ! All engines stop ! Maneuvering rockets ready ! Maneuvering rockets , fire ! Maneuvering rockets , fire ! Captain ! That 's it ... Maneuvering engines stop . Turn us 180 degrees . Rotating ship 180 degrees ! Main engines , fire ! Main engines , fire ! Captain , you 're going to catch it , huh ? We 're just keeping pace with it . Velocity , accelerating to 601 ! Booster rockets , fire ! Booster rockets , fire ! Captain , we shouldn 't slow down ! It 's not scheduled to reach us yet ! Its gravitational pull is 6000 times that of earth 's ! Just a moment . Does this Gorath have a small radius ? How many calculations did you do ? It 's supposed to be 6000 times the earth 's mass ! If you have a complaint , tell them what you found . Manabe ! Yes , sir ! Gorath is still increasing in velocity ! Captain ... Is there any chance of us getting away ? How can we avoid being killed ? It 's just that we ... Be quiet ! What made you think we wouldn 't get away ? Don 't you think I 'd tell you if we were going to die ? We received a report from the earth observatory . Even now , the sun is having an adverse effect on this star and we don 't know how to stop it . If the observatory is right we must verify the report . United Nation 's space station , is in position above the earth . This is Japan observatory reporting for JX-1 . They are in position for Gorath . Velocity , registering at 591 ! Captain ! Crew , listen to our situation . Our ship has reached the end of its assignment . There is no way that we can escape from this mysterious star , Gorath . But the data that we collect may help all mankind on earth to avert this disaster . Everyone , please continue to do your best . Thank you ... Hurrah ! Hurrah ! Hurrah ! Can you let us pass ? I seriously mean it ! Oh , it 's Kanai . I think you 're behaving disgracefully ! They 're developing this for space in the 1980 's . What do you think ? It 's being developed for the Saturn project . It 'll grab everyone 's attention . Is that a spaceman 's suit ? It 's a little something I made for the year-end vacation . Did you get the salary of a space pilot ? I 'm happy with anything I get from those guys ! Trouble 's coming ... Bye , bye ! Who the hell is that ? I don 't know . That Kanai is some character ! He 's been that way since back in high school . But was he accepted to be a space pilot ? This year , 800 people applied for admission . He began to have difficulties with artificial satellites but he never gave up trying . Like a warrior of the Tokugawa era , he has a strong heart that helps him to win . You 're his daughter , right ? What 's going on ? You mean you don 't know ? ! - Miss ! Miss ! Please , cheer up . Father did what he had to do . The cabinet has declared , that the upcoming holidays will be used as a period of mourning for the astronauts . I am absolutely opposed to it ! So am I ... I think a hero like Captain Sonoda should get a commemoration instead . This was a tragedy in space caused by a star 6000 times the earth 's mass . Just by colliding with his discovery as it headed toward him it 's our duty to make him a hero . Six thousand times must be an error . The object is only three quarters the size of earth . Oh ... ? You say an object three quarters the size of earth has a mass of 6000 times ? Well , the investigation into the cause of the accident should not have to wait . But it must be put aside . Regarding the situation of Saturn 's exploration , when and who gave the order to change plans ? Did the order come from the astronauts ? The order didn 't come from them . If the order didn 't come from the astronauts , then this is a big problem . Well , well , Kinami ... You shouldn 't fuss about what happened that time among the world astronomers . The solar astronomers and the Gorath observatory team were probably both involved with this . Is it alright for instructions to be altered in mid-flight to suit one 's needs ? The spaceship was representing the country of Japan . The expectations of Saturn 's exploration were great , but the safety of the nation is primary . Don 't talk to me about that . Minister , we should try to learn who gave the order . The astronomer , Doctor Kono is here to see you . Oh , thank you . We were just finishing . Well , let them in . Please sit . Thank you for seeing us . We 've reached a conclusion . Gorath is now on a collision course with earth . Are you certain of this ? We confirmed our conclusion with our counterparts in America . Institutes of every nation have analyzed the data of JX-1 and they are wiring us with their reports . We have a request to make . This time , let us work with the scientists of the U.N. To develop a defense . This problem isn 't just a concern of Japan any longer . The world has turned its attention to Gorath and a sense of urgency has gripped the populace . Soon , Japan and the United Nations will work together to develop a defense for its arrival . You are not allowed to see Dr. Kono or Dr. Tazawa ! Yeah , you must be joking ... I was invited at his request . I 'm supposed to see him today . Alright ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! What are you doing ? ! This isn 't a game this time ! His P-wave is a little large . Hey ! Hey , wait ! Hey ! Damned idiot ! I guess I 'll be going . Hey ! Where are you going ? ! Just wait a few moments please ! Hey ! What 's the matter ? The captain has landed ! The captain ! The captain has arrived ! Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Thank you for coming . - You 're welcome . Captain ! - Captain ! How is it ? Damn ! He wouldn 't feel any regret if the mission was cancelled ! What ? ! That 's crazy ! Hey , everyone huddle ! Alright ! - Let 's do it ! Let 's go ! JX-1 's accident occurred as they were warning earth of our crisis and we are deeply honored to ... It 's alright . I 'll get it . What do you want ? We want to go on the Gorath observation mission . Director , please do not cancel the mission . You should be telling this to your captain . The captain behaves like he has a gun to his head if he doesn 't cancel it ! Is he dead ? We needed to pull on your ear to let you know that we want our chance to help . You 're not ready ! Captain Endo has pulled on the director 's ear for five years already ! Director ... Quiet ! Come in . Sit down . Director , since the initial discovery of Gorath , we would like to know about the data warning of earth 's crisis gathered by our predecessors . However , we haven 't been able to get anyone to pull the astronomy observation for us . Well , once we learned of the orders to cancel it we thought we 'd never get it . Who said it was cancelled ? I didn 't hear that . But the captain seemed ... Endo told me he was concerned that his budget wasn 't enough to launch anytime soon . You don 't need to complain to me . We put a lot of money into the budget to cover your training . It 's no small sum of cash . Do any of you know how much money went into JX-1 project ? About 11,800,010,000 yen ... One of earth 's top five projects ... Wow , they spent a lot of cash . That 's right . A great deal of money was spent . It was a painful loss for us . However , it wasn 't without some benefit . Now , that type of budget has been allocated for you . Are you tired ? No , that 's not what I 'd call it . It 's whenever the professor requests our presence . I 'd feel much better if I could get some sleep . They told me I 'd do this hundreds of times if I became a government official . The time , driver ... Do you have any idea what time Gorath is supposed to arrive ? Gorath ... ? Not for a long time . What is it , sir ? How many times can you talk about a star that 's on a collision course ? Once is bad enough for me . But the newspaper and radio ... Hah ! It 's their business to make noise ! Are you concerned about the world 's scholars ? Well , I 'm sure the scholar 's theories will provide a way to escape the collision . If it doesn 't work we 'll be in trouble , huh ? Some way to go , huh ? To know you can 't avoid it whether you run north , south , east or west . Most of mankind doesn 't care where or when it hits , they 're just waiting for the end to come . It 's Kano , grandfather . Hello . Did I pull you away from anything ? You should have seen the expression on Tazawa 's face . He was going to treat the astronauts to a day out . As we were returning in the car , he claimed he saw your face and knew you wanted to see him . Welcome ... For Kano , let 's bring out the whiskey tonight . Thank you very much . Is that okay ? No , thank you . I have an academic meeting to attend . It 's no trouble . What would you like to have ? Would you rather something from the kitchen ? You have some time to have a bowl of rice with us . Yes ... It 's important that you enjoy yourself a little , okay ? He 's right . You can get back to Gorath soon enough . Well , I guess you 're right . Okay , I 'll have a drink . Me too ! No . Just a little ! What are you saying ? ! If the earth is going to be hit by Gorath , I should be able to have at least one drink ! Don 't be ridiculous . They won 't collide as long as Kano and Tazawa have something to do about it . How are they going to save the earth ? Regarding that , we don 't have a clear plan at this time . How about the scientists of the United Nations ? Some countries are building spaceships but honestly , Japan 's scientists are putting the others to shame . Our government 's ship hasn 't been outdone . The government , the nation , and we are working hard to solve this problem . America hasn 't come to that point yet . I don 't believe anyone is as comfortable with it as we are . Can 't we use an atomic weapon ? An explosive , huh ? That 's not very difficult . Well , it would get the earth out of the way . How would it get us out of the way ? For example we could launch a rocket , or see what our spaceships could do . That 's silly ... It would never get away . But if there 's a chance it would work wouldn 't it turn away from the earth ? Simply put , it 's too much trouble for anyone . Haven 't you said enough ? Here . Please ... Doctor ... ? He 's on the right track . We have two potential ideas to avoid the collision . Can Gorath be destroyed ? Can the earth be moved ? Mankind can 't be limited to two choices ! Tonight , mankind 's scholars must advance the war against the approaching threat . But for the sake of all humanity , we can no longer sacrifice the truth of our situation . Right now , our scientists are determining if there is a way to avoid colliding with the approaching star . Our scientists are facing their greatest challenge . We must give them any assistance that we can . As you can see , Gorath 's path entered our solar system over 45 days ago . So , if the earth is to avoid its end we can 't allow it to travel within 400,000 kilometers of us . I recommend a blast of 6.6 hundred million megatons derived from the formula 1.1 x 10 to the minus 6th power g . We do ... Heavy water reactors , of which thirty are currently in use . Using their reactors will give us an unlimited supply of energy . No , there 's no need to worry . Through phases of research , we Japanese have met with success in its decontamination . The top scientists from the world have come here . They 're going to move the earth . Incredible , huh ? Can they return the earth to ... Oh , just a moment . How is it ? Can we blast out of Gorath 's way ? The military believes they can do it . From the data they gathered from the observatory , it 's very possible . Excuse me . When are you returning to Japan ? I 'm going back now . Why don 't you speak to Tazawa ? Tazawa ! Tazawa ! These are the drastic changes we can expect if Gorath comes within 200,000 kilometers of us . Earthquakes , mountains crumbling , volcanoes erupt . Even Mt . Fuji would become a killer volcano . Along with this , the air and water would be stripped away by Gorath 's gravitational influence . This is the fate of our oceans . The sheer cliffs make Japan look like a dead island . We wouldn 't have any clouds . Earth 's atmosphere would be littered with the broken remains of the surface and the population would need artificial breathers to the replace the air lost in space . This slide presentation was created from the data generated by the United Nation scientists . Some things in particular may not occur , of course ... But if Gorath 's present course is unaltered you can be sure that situations like this , will happen . What a terrible place ... We can 't afford to let this happen without saying something . We have to support the scientists in whatever choice they believe is best . Minister ... A letter from U.N. Headquarters urges us to dispatch our ship to Gorath for further studies . Hey , let 's have a good luck drink ! - Alright ! I 'll have another ! Thank you . Gorath is getting closer every day . If you guys can make it into space you 'll get to see Gorath run us over . A toast ! A toast ! Captain ! Emergency orders . Our launch time has changed . 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 ... That 's funny ... Where 's Kanai ? ! Space pilot , Tetsuo Kanai ! You still behave like you did in high school ! Thank you ... My , you 're pretty ! What are you saying ? Hurry , get inside ! Did you drop by just to joke around ? This is a quiet apartment complex ! I know that ! I brought you a present . A present ? It must be something very funny . Is this the real thing ? I held onto this for the Saturn trip but I 'm not sure if this is the first or last present I 'll ever give you . Why are you giving it to me now ? I don 't need to tell you ! But , this is pretty expensive for a cadet 's pay ! I may not have done it under different circumstances . We launch tomorrow . I know we 'll leave shortly . Your ship is launching ? Yes , we 're going to observe Gorath . My ... ! Is that all you can say ? I have to call Kiyo tonight and let her know ! She 'll find out in time if she doesn 't already know . She probably went to see us in the south district . There 's no doubt she 'll succeed in finding the others . I just want to know how you feel about all this . Take it back . You don 't want to know . This man and I ... But isn 't he dead ? I 'm not ready to believe that yet . What 's the matter with you ? You 're cruel ! It seems you haven 't grown up since high school , either ! Kanai ! Hey , last chance to see the earth for a month ! All of mankind lives down there , huh ? Fathers , mothers ... and children , too . Thirty minutes to first waypoint ! What should we do ? We don 't have to re-supply at this time . Keep flying . We 'll decide at the France , Portugal and Czechoslovakia checkpoints . We have enough fuel to last at least 2 to 3 hours . Alright , don 't stop . Isn 't that useful ? Those international space stations are so close together . It must have been something when they discovered Gorath . They 've been a great help to us . That 's not how it use to be . Mankind was separated into white , black and yellow races before the U. N ... Trust , honor and cooperation was their hallmark to bring us together . Come this way ... This is a model of our command center . The center section is 100 meters long . This is where our headquarters will be . Alright ? This way . The pipes will extend five hundred meters into the ground . How will the rockets be used ? If they weren 't employed properly , it won 't work at all . The rockets will all fire together , turning the entire area into a huge fusion reactor . However , their stability is still in question . In 100 days , we 'll have to move the earth more than 400,000 kilometers . For that , we 'll need an area of 600 kilometers squared producing energy equal to 6,600,000,000 megatons . Oh , my ! Hey , can you figure out why they went to the South Pole instead of the North Pole ? Can 't you figure it out ? They went to the South Pole , because the North Pole is made of water . That 's right , huh ? Sonada ! Thank you for coming . Sir , is everything alright ? Is our work keeping up to schedule ? Well , let 's see . The international community is well under way with Operation South Pole . A few of the countries are a little behind , but they expect to be done on schedule . But this is bad ... They 've found no other defense to prevent Gorath from colliding with earth . Is the factory moving along ? Yes , we had a problem with pipe 33 in the underground factory . We had to make some big adjustments . Where is it ? Hurry , get out ! Come on ! Come on ! Is there another area where we can rebuild the factory ? Well , we can 't do it here . We 'll have to decide on another location and start from scratch . Well , it can 't be helped . How many days do we have to play with ? Count on little more than sixty days loss by my calculations . Gorath won 't wait past that . Sonada , do you have any information about our ship ? They 'll be within range shortly . Take emergency positions ! Capsule , prepare for takeoff ! Hey , get out of bed ! Hey , hurry out of there ! Braking rockets , fire ! Braking rockets , fire ! Beginning braking procedure ! Hey ! Hurry , hurry ! Captain ... Gorath 's pull is vastly greater than we had anticipated . By how much ? Sixty-two hundred times greater than earth 's . No mistake ? There 's no doubt about it . Captain ... Our ship can 't possibly observe Gorath if it 's that big . From 6000 to 6200 times ... We have to figure out how it grew 200 times greater then the earth 's mass . But captain ... Our original course was based on its mass being 6000 times greater . Even 6100 times is too much for our ship ! It 's not hard to figure out how it grew . The truth is that the scientists were right all along ! See captain ? Gorath is larger from the debris it 's collected on its present journey ! The capsule is ready for departure ! Crewman Kanai , board the capsule . Yes , sir ! I 'm boarding the capsule now ! Takeoff in five minutes ! Kanai , Gorath 's gravity has increased . It 's alright , we have increased the distance to compensate . This time , we 'll avoid the same fate as JX-1 . Roger ! Don 't say " roger " , yet ! I haven 't told you the total gravity . If you think it 's too dangerous , you don 't have to go . Roger ! Don 't " Roger " , me yet ! It 's vital that we register Gorath 's current strength but not to risk your life just to obtain accurate data ! Captain , I know my life is important . Roger ! Prepare for departure ! Preparing for departure ! Opening capsule launch bay ! Takeoff in 10 seconds ! This is JX-2 . Report ! This is Capsule 1 ... I don 't have an accurate reading of the star 's mass ! It 's useless ! Maintain a safe distance ! Capsule 1 ! Capsule 1 ! Capsule 1 ! Capsule 1 ! Capsule 1 ! Kanai , evasive maneuvers ! The capsule has successfully pulled away . Prepare to retrieve the capsule ! Prepare to retrieve the capsule ! At 6200 times the earth 's mass how can we possibly avoid something this powerful ? Until we can thoroughly study the capsule 's readings avoiding Gorath is impossible . Yes , sir . Captain , something 's wrong with Kanai ! What 's the matter ? We 're not sure . Kanai ! Kanai , look at me ! Understand ? It 's me ! It 's me ! Who is in this picture ? Don 't you know who 's in the picture ? It 's your girlfriend ! Don 't you know who she is ? ! Hey ! That 's enough ! Give me just a little longer ! Hey , Kanai ... Kanai ! I 'm your best friend ! Kanai ! Kanai ! Hey , stop that ! What 's the matter , Kanai ? Kanai ... Kanai ... You ... Who are you ? He 's lost all of his memories . 8 minutes , 20 seconds to go ! It 's impossible to say if this will take us out of Gorath 's path . And so , the countdown nears completion ... These jet pipes will unleash a force equal to 6,600,000,000 megatons into the sky ... But will it be enough to move the earth ? Will we accelerate enough ? Sixty-five seconds ! The fate of the earth and all of mankind hopes , rest in these powerful thrusters . High above our world back from the far reaches of Jupiter and Mars the crew of the JX-2 have returned from their observation of Gorath and have relayed their data to the awaiting ears of the scientists here . Twenty-five seconds remaining . All stations stand-by . All systems are go . All thrusters are ready for firing . All systems ready ! Ten seconds ... This is U.N. Space station command . It 's a success ! The 6,600,000,000 megaton thrust is beginning to move the earth ! A huge success ! A huge success ! The south pole operation has become a huge success ! Mankind has succeeded in moving the earth ! You have a phone call from Tokyo . I heard it was from a pretty lady ! Professor , excuse me ... What do you want ? We wanted to hear from you ! Congratulations ! Anyway , Tokyo is celebrating your success ! It 's not every day that you can move a planet ! You 're right ! Thanks for the ... Hold on just a moment ... Congratulations on your success . Thank you . I 'm truly proud of you . Thank you . I suppose you two want to talk in private , huh ? Don 't be such a nosy pest ! The earth is still moving on course , but you don 't seem very comfortable about it . Yes , yes ... It 's because of this whole situation . My heart won 't find any comfort until it 's over . Doctor Tazawa is here to see you . Oh , when did you return from the South Pole ? This morning . I was on my way to New York , but I came to Tokyo to speak with the doctor . That 's very unusual . Don 't try to argue with me about the South Pole operation again ! But , doctor ... ! The U.N. Feels we have enough for the job . They don 't want to worry about more thrusters . Gorath 's mass is continuously growing ! We need to add more jets if the earth is to survive ! Oh , my ... ! It 's alright ... His theory is groundless . Would you allow me to prove my theory ? The U.N. Is satisfied with our current situation . If we wait while we 're satisfied , what do we do if something goes wrong ? Don 't you realize that you 're putting the human race at risk ? You shouldn 't speak like that to Dr. Kono . No , I beg your pardon ... Please think about what I said to you . I beg you ... I 'll think about it . But I must tell you that I am still opposed to such an idea . Now , now ... Why don 't we let Tazawa relax for a while ? Yes . Come with me . You must be tired after your trip . Yes , I am . And just what do you think you were doing there ? I 'm part of the human race . I should be allowed to hear of any emergencies ! Tazawa is right . Gorath is so big right now , it will be drawing our water into the atmosphere . Even the earth 's water contained in the North and South Poles will be drawn by Gorath . Then why won 't you tell the U.N. What Tazawa told you ? Isn 't it your duty as a scientist to do your best until the end ? The truth is that the U.N. Knows that nothing , short of divine intervention , can save us . The younger generation working on the solution just can 't understand that . It 's a very dark day for us all . How can we continue to do our best ? There must be more to our existence than this . Am I the only one left who cares ? There doesn 't seem to be anyone who 'll listen . This can 't be the downfall of mankind ! It seems that our fate is already decided . No , you shouldn 't allow yourself to cry . If it weren 't for you , we wouldn 't have anyone to give us hope . Even if it 's the earth 's doom or mankind 's doom you gave hope to the people of the world . Thank you . Attention space station ... This is the U.N. Gorath Countermeasures Center calling . Spaceship JX-2 is to leave right away to check on Gorath 's present course and velocity . Afterwards , the crew is ordered to return to the earth . Over ... Let 's go . - Yes , sir . Yes , we must not forget to check this in another 4 to 5 hours . An earthquake ! What is it ? What 's going on ? Hey ! Hey , hey ! Something has happened at the South Pole ! An earthquake or something ! Dr. Kono is on the phone . Kono is in New York . He 's calling from the U. N ... - Oh , really ? Hello , sorry to keep you waiting . Would you like to go to the South Pole soon ? The South Pole ? Not for too long , just on the surface . I 'm going too . What 's going on down there ? I 'll tell you on the way , okay ? Hello ? Hello ? Hey ! There 's no doubt that this is evidence that some kind of animal caused the damage . Amazing ... I didn 't think an animal existed down here that could give us any trouble . No , it 's a mystery of the earth . The animals and natural wonders of the world are more than we can realize . Dr. Tazawa , this is the control center . The jet pipes are ready to be re-ignited . Alright . That 's it ! It 's the warming of the South Pole . Perhaps it freed something within the ice . It would be a shame to kill it . I 'm sure it just wants the temperature to be returned to normal . Professor , for that thing 's sake , we 'll need to distract it for at least 72 hours . It 's bound to create trouble for the earth once again . Prepare to fire . Preparing to fire ! Fire ! - Fire ! Want a closer look ? Alright , land ! Landing ! That pile ! Do you think it 's dead ? It 's still alive ! We should head back to the ship . Look out ! Hurry ! Let 's go ! Fire ! - Fire ! Captain , I 've located Gorath 's position ! Gorath has passed Saturn and still making its way toward the earth . Certain changes will take place when Gorath gets closer to our planet . Ocean levels will begin to rise in the North and South Poles . Strong winds and high tides will begin to affect portions of the world . Water levels could rise as high as 100 meters in various low-lying areas . It 's recommended that all citizens go to their nearest shelters as soon as they can . What 's the matter with you today ? Hurry up ! Regardless of where we go , it 's all the same . We 're all going to die . What are you saying ? ! When Gorath finally reaches the earth how do we know that everyone won 't be killed ? Don 't be silly ! Oh , Kanai ! When did you return home ? He has amnesia . Well , come in . The truth is , we were hoping that his seeing you would trigger some of his memories . Kanai ! I 'm sorry . His memory seems to be completely gone . That 's it ! You can take him to his sister in the Shibuya district ! We went there , but she moved to the Yamagata area recently . I 'm worried ... The hospital couldn 't help him . Kanai , is it true that you don 't know me ? Hey , it 's Taiko . You don 't remember her ? Well ... ? Please stop . We thought that you would be the first person he 'd recognize . Hey ... We 're sorry . Just a moment ... We should take him with us to my home . You 're a close friend of his . He may regain his memory if he stays with you . Is that so ? Well , then I 'll leave him with you . Hey ... You hang in there , okay ? This is the Gorath Civil-Defense Service announcement . Tonight , Gorath can be clearly seen in the skies of Tokyo as if it were a large full moon . Those who are not in the northern hemisphere may not be able to view Gorath 's approach ... But people in the northern hemisphere are warned that as Gorath approaches the earth , tides will rise drastically . What worries me most is that Japan will have to endure it for six hours . This is the Maritime Bureau ... At 23 : 00 hours , the tides rose 10 meters above safe levels . Assume emergency positions ! This is the South Pole reactor center . At 23 : 00 hours Tokyo time , a state of emergency has been declared . At this time , keep your radio or television switched on to this station . At this time , keep your radio or television switched on to this station . What is its current speed ? Good . Sea levels are beginning to rise higher as morning approaches . The central Pacific , Japan Sea and other large bodies of water are surging to high levels . Haiyo , what do you think you 're doing ? ! Come inside , quickly ! It 's okay ! The north side of the mountain is falling apart ! Kanai ! Don 't do it ! Don 't ! Kanai ! Kanai ! Keep him down ! Hold him down ! Bring some water in here ! Bring it quickly ! Hold on , Kanai ! This is the South Pole station . The waters have risen to such a level that they are flooding onto the jet-pipes ! The success of our efforts is upon us ! In two minutes , just two minutes , Gorath will be at its closest point to us ! Kanai ! Kanai ! What 's wrong ? Kanai ! Kanai ! Kanai ! Kanai ! Kanai ! He 's alright ! It 's you ! You finally know who I am ? Just a moment , where is Gorath now ? Well , it 's about to pass the earth . People of the world , Operation South Pole is a success ! The earth is out of danger ! Our science and the scientists of mankind have saved the earth ! The mysterious star , Gorath , is passing the earth and heading toward deep space ! The wind has calmed down ! Well ... With Gorath out of the way , I guess we should call Tazawa to congratulate him . Yes ! Units 1 through 10 , prepare to shut down . But , we 'll need twice the nuclear power to put it back into its proper orbit . I 'd say it 's like walking on water . We 'll do it . Here in Tokyo and the surrounding area things are returning to normal peacefully . As Gorath moves further away from the earth the flood waters are draining back to where they belong . All of Tokyo is ruined ! We can build a new , better Tokyo . That 's easy for you to say ! You 're right . But Tazawa taught us from the South Pole that mankind is capable of doing the impossible . This time , we 'll build Tokyo into a model city ! And now , the United Nations would like us to pass this message on to you ... " Everyone , we have just begun . " Together , we overcame the doom of the suspicious star , Gorath . " If we could come together and cooperate to overcome the danger that threatened us ... " Can 't we take this opportunity to work together for all eternity ? "
