 The Mysteries of Angkor Your attention , please . Stockholm Airport . The passengers for Air France flight 463 to Frankfurt and Paris , please proceed to Gate B. Yes ? Oh ? He came back to Sweden ? Interesting , yes . Thank you . All right . The only man equal to the task of dealing with so serious a case is major Peter Lundström . Obviously I 'm flattered that you thought of me for that mission , Colonel Daggett , but have you forgotten that you gave me a two months leave ? I 'm now devoting myself to tennis . It 's more entertaining and less dangerous . Sorry , but you 're going to change sports . Right now , I need you , Peter . - Is this so important a case ? - Yes , very much so . Professor Johansson once had an Oriental assistant named Lin-Chor . Lin-Chor went back to his country two years ago and retired from the world in a Buddhist monastery . We just learned that he came back in order to resume working with the professor . I think Buddhists are known for living in contemplation . Yes , there are many spies in their midst , and we can 't possibly run the risk of leaving this mysterious Annamite unwatched while he is in the constant company of our greatest scientist . You 're in charge of the surveillance , Peter , and I rely on you as always . - I 'll think about it . - There 's nothing to think about , Peter . That was a formal order . The adventure began on the day I became ingenior Lin-Chor 's shadow and , at the same time , Professor Johansson 's and his daughter Karin 's . It was a day like any other day . In the offices , streets and plazas of Stockholm , life was following its quiet everyday course . The noises of the busy city were carried on the autumn wind . The rhythm of labour filled the factories . At the top of the country , the far North , lies the electric plant providing energy for the city of Stockholm . Halfway between the city and the plant is the Thermonuclear Institute where Professor Johansson conducts experiments in order to capture the energy of light waves and to use , for industrial purposes , the heating power produced by these reactions . Dr Lin-Chor and Karin Johansson were the professor 's most valued collaborators . He was an inscrutable Oriental . And she was the prettiest mathematician that you could think of . One push on one of these control levers and 25.000 volts run through the cylinder , heating plasma to millions of degrees . When he tried last , the professor reached 35 million degrees . This time , he hopes to reach the 50 million degrees necessary for a perfect fusion . And suddenly , the successful experiments became disaster . The light waves were disintegrating matter and the energy of the atoms thus liberated destroyed everything in its path . From the greatest discoveries spring the greatest afflictions . For a short while , the noises , the bustle of the city , everything stopped . A modern city with no electricity is like a dead man 's brain : useless . The general paralysis persisted for 30 seconds then the electricity came back on . Telephones started ringing again and again , and panicked people called the Police . The Police stations called their superior authorities who , in turn , informed the scientists and the government . There was a huge chain reaction , an incredible dialogue , between people terrified by an unfathomable mystery . Having been ill for many years , exhausted by constant work , the professor had a stroke – Less because of the accident in itself than of the frightening reality of his discovery . And that 's how it all began . - Good morning , gentlemen . - Good morning , doctor . - How is our patient ? - He 's absolutely fine . Good . So we can talk with the professor for a few moments ? Certainly . It would be advisable for the professor to take time off while he 's convalescing . I 'll arrange it , doctor . No , no , I 'll take care of it . Well , if you don 't mind . Professor , I can talk to you today for the first time since the accident . - That 's true , Colonel . - Do you know what happened then ? The explosion in my laboratory , you mean ? I 'm concerned about what happened in Stockholm before the explosion . According to the reports I 've been sent , all the main cities in Europe were hit at the exact same time by a magnetic field able to paralyze anything that depends on electricity during thirty seconds . The explosion occurred , then the world started to move again . Was one of your experiments the cause of that ? Excuse me , gentlemen , I 'm not feeling well . Oh , gentlemen , please . Could you build another reactor any time soon , professor ? Mr. Lin-Chor will answer that question for me . - I 'm listening , Doctor . - Yes , General , it 's in fact possible to build the reactor again , but that is not the main point . The most important thing is the mathematical formula the professor discovered . He can adapt it to any pre-existing reactor and so can transform again waves into light or devastating energy . - Do you know the formula ? - No . What about professor Johansson 's daughter ? No , it exists only in professor Johansson 's brain . Dr Lin-Chor ... Lin-Chor 's answer , very Oriental in its wisdom , had merely aroused General Rose 's and Colonel Dagget 's curiosity . ... you participated in many ... Great scientific secrets can always produce deadly weapons , in front of which every military in the world exhibits a child 's shyness . The scene that we 're witnessing tends to prove that experience is useless , because if peaceful inventions often stay in a drawer , the death-dealing ones are always exploited in the more than illusory hope of preserving peace . Professor Johansson , you do realize the importance of your discovery and you 'll understand that the government wish you to work in conditions of absolute security . Do you mean that my brain has become the property of the State ? Of course your more pressing duty is to give us the formula . You know that my father needs rest , Colonel . Don 't worry , we 'll see that he enjoys it . The professor is now under our protection . The city is now flooded with reporters from the whole world . The media ask for an explanation . Could you try and answer the questions , miss Johansson ? She will . I agree completely . The communiqué shouldn 't be too informative . Ladies and gentlemen , allow me to introduce myself : my name is Karin Johansson . - Excuse me . - Yes ? Are you a member of Professor Johansson 's family ? Indeed : he 's my father . I 'll now read the official communiqué : " On September the 18th , at about 11 a. m . an as yet unexplained phenomena occurred . The artificial lake that feeds Stockholm 's electric plant was vaporized . The plant was partially destroyed and the city was briefly deprived of electricity . Up to now , scientific investigation means failed to explain the causes of this mysterious phenomena . Inquiries are nevertheless still going on and the press will be able to publish information as soon as we get it . " That was a communiqué from the Physics Institute , signed by Pr Hellström . Miss . You 're professor Johansson 's assistant , aren 't you ? Were you present when the explosion occurred ? Would you be so kind , Sir , as to give me your name , so I know whom I must answer ? Certainly . My name is Charles Logan , from Montreal . I 'm very pleased to meet you . So what I 'd like to know is whether or not the explosion was the cause of this so-called unexplained phenomena . You 're assuming two things , Mr. Logan . One , that I know more than I 'm saying . Two , that I intend to tell you about it . Aren 't those two assumptions valid ? One is false , Mr. Logan . I think you 're subtle enough to discover which one . Do you have any more questions ? No ? Thank you , ladies and gentlemen . - You must be tired , miss Karin . - No . Did anybody phone ? No , but there 's a gentleman waiting for you . Someone waiting for me ? Yes , Miss , he said he came from the Institute . What are you doing here ? I needed to see you alone . Do you remember me ? - Oh , I do . - I 'm flattered . A man like you is not easily forgotten , Mr. Logan . - I 'd like to apologize . - For what ? - For being rude this morning . - And that 's why you came here ? Maybe not only . Oh , I see . You probably want new information . No , and ... you know , I 'm usually the one who gives information . Mr. Logan , I 'm sorry but I have a date tonight . Karin ! To tell you the truth , I 'm not a reporter at all . I 've got something very important to tell you . Important for you and important for your father . - What is it ? - Do you know Dr Lin-Chor well ? I mean ... I mean really well . He went on holidays with your father , didn 't he ? Oh , yes , here we are . - You just want to know where my father is . - I don 't need to . I know that . - How do you mean ? - He 's at Hotel West-End in Nice . Your father checked in under the alias Olaf Hansson , and Dr Lin-Chor as his secretary . Right ? You see that you can trust me , don 't you ? You need me to trust you ? Is that so important for you ? Yes . Very important . Karin , I need your help . I need a rendez-vous with Colonel Dagget of the " Sûreté " , soon . Several reasons prevent me from contacting him myself . You 'll tell him that time is running low . You 'll tell him to call this number . I won 't answer him personally , but tell him to leave a message for me . A message in double-cross . It 's a code . He 'll understand . You 'll also tell Colonel Daggett to give you his phone number . His personal number . I can safely call him . It 's important , believe me , very important . Grand Hotel ? Please give me room 311 . Mrs. Latour ? Logan is here . Yes , I understand . Did he say anything else ? Fine . You 'll find your envelope tomorrow in the usual place . Gentlemen , I 've got news . Logan wants to betray us . Fernando , you know what you have to do . And leave no clue . - The usual ? - Exactly . Nothing fancy . We 're not after glory but efficiency . James , you 'll go with him . You will wait in the car . Fernando , keep me informed . Everybody report here tomorrow at 11 : 30 a. m . Hey ! Taxi ! - Why have you stopped ? - One minute . I 've got a flat left front tyre . - I can 't see anything . - Look closer . - What names shall I give , gentlemen ? - Is Miss Johansson here ? What name shall I give ? - Are you Selma Wilson ? - Yes . But I haven 't done anything , what do you want from me ? - Miss Johansson ? - Yes . Let me introduce myself . Lieutenant Dalkin . And sergeant Larsson . What happened , Sir ? It 's not my responsibility to tell you that . - Would you come with us , please ? - Where ? - To the forensic science laboratory . - But why ? A mere formality . Come . All right . Let me get my coat . For the 137 . I called earlier . Oh , yes . Come this way . Here he is . 137 . I wrote a report when he arrived . - Do you know this man ? - Yes . When did you see him for the last time ? Charles Logan . When did you see this man for the last time ? - This afternoon . - Thank you . This way , please . Come . Miss Johansson . Colonel Dagget ? Miss Johansson is here . Why didn 't you tell me all that earlier ? I 'd like you to tell me about that meeting . He wanted me to arrange a date for him ... with you . I couldn 't know it was so serious . From your belated declarations and what we learned from Selma , we know he decided to strike a bargain with us , but ... he was killed immediately . Stabbed in the back of the neck , before he could contact me . He knew what threatened your father and his friend Lin-Chor . He also knew what excuses would be used to trick them . Yes , indeed , your father and Dr Lin-Chor have disappeared . A general alarm was sounded and members of the whole world 's secret services gathered in Stockholm . Larry Young , of the British MI5 is greeted by Ed Morgan of America 's CIA . Here is Biamonte , who represents Italy , the continent 's toughest and most feared agent . He can make anyone confess . Too bad for those who don 't know anything . Captain Ballard of France 's 2ème Bureau , and Dobric , Yugoslavia . Marcos , Greece . Colonel Makinian , Turkey . Berakov , from the NKVD , the most famous representative of Eastern powers . And here is Colonel Norwald , the chief of Swedish secret services , director of high strategy and of what the international code calls " Operation War Net " . Colonel Norwald is in the company of Miss Karin Johansson . Gentlemen , you already read the information that was given to you when you arrived , you know what happened here and what your task will be . Well , Gentlemen , here 's the main point that wasn 't communicated to you yet . Professor Johansson and Dr Lin-Chor have disappeared from their hotel , in Nice , taking away with them the secret of a discovery susceptible to destroy the world . I learned from the agent in charge of surveillance that the two men disappeared sometime during the night . That 's the way things are but if any of you want to ask a question , I 'm all ears , Gentlemen . Are there any clues that would allow us to know what direction they took . We have not discovered a single clue yet . However , I have reasons to believe that they were abducted . Thank you , Colonel . I remind you that the man Logan , of whom we spoke earlier , had revelations for Colonel Dagget , but he was eliminated . - He was killed ? - Stabbed in the back of the neck . Can we know what the wound looked like ? It appears it was inflicted with a sharp and pointed instrument . It was about 6 inches deep . - How was it oriented ? - Downward . Under the collarbone . - Classic . - Could Logan be identified ? His real name was Karl Gillan . I guess that name rings a bell for some of you ? He was working for one of the Oriental republics . Given the circumstances , the kidnappers will avoid normal means : they probably didn 't use any plane , ship or train . They know that the frontiers are watched . Gentlemen , you are undertaking the most difficult task that was ever assigned to you : finding two lost men in a population of two and a half billion . And finding them before they encounter a tragic death . We 'll take the most drastic security measures , because , should the truth be publicly exposed , a panic could occur with uncontrollable consequences . These men are in the hands of adventurers who 'll stop at nothing to obtain their deadly secret . And now , Gentlemen , each of you knows what sector was assigned to him . Since you 'll have to collaborate , you 'll stay in touch with the Great Headquarters . Do you have any more questions ? No ? I therefore thank you for your attention . Would you please take the notes that have been prepared for you . Let me wish you quick success . Major Lundström . One moment please . Here is Miss Johansson . Peter Lundström . Major Lundström , your job begins in Nice . Miss Johansson will go with you . We deeply wish her to be near her father when we find him . - Of course . - That 's all for now . - You plane will take off at 02 : 00 pm . - Fine . You are in good hands , Miss Johansson . - Yes , I 'm sure of that . Goodbye . - Have a nice trip . During the trip from Stockholm to Nice , I told Karin what role she would have to play until the end of the case . Her obedience to my orders had to be absolute , her passivity complete , because a single misstep , a single misguided initiative in order to contact her father could lead to disaster . When we arrived at Nice Airport , a car from the services of Captain Ballard , from the French 2nd Bureau , was waiting for us . The car drove us to Hôtel West end where we had booked two rooms as Paul Allison and his secretary . Polaris calling War Net . Please speak . I 'm listening . Any news about the disappearance ? No . No , nothing yet . Contact Ballard immediately . Got it . Repeating instructions : to contact Ballard immediately . Polaris , over . Right ... - Miss Johansson ? - Yes . Excuse me . We have to go out but you must wait for me here . Lock your door and if the phone rings , do not answer . At what time will you be back ? I don 't know . And please do not go out . - Can 't you take me with you ? - Unfortunately , no . - I know Ballard : he knows more than he wants to admit . - Yes . We were going to see you . And I came to fetch you . I think I found a lead . An interesting lead , I mean . Are you coming ? - Yes . - Let 's go . - Is this him ? - Yes . - What is it ? - Police . - You 're Albert Pigeau , aren 't you ? - Yeah . - You own a garage on the Rue Pablo . - Yeah . What 's wrong ? Yesterday , a blonde woman , thirtyish , rented a black Citroën from you . She was in the company of two men , one of whom was an Oriental . Right ? Maybe . I didn 't pay attention , but all the names are written in my ledger . - In your garage ? - Yeah , in my office . This would make a nice gift , Sir . We don 't have brakes anymore . We must jump out . - Waiter . - Yes , Miss . - Give me a glass of port , please . - Very well , Miss . Karin ... Henryk ... What a surprise . What can you be doing here , in Nice ? - Here you are , Miss . - How long have you been here ? - Since this morning . - Oh yes ? I 'm here for business . How great that we chanced upon each other as soon as I arrived . What brought you to Nice ? Well , some friends invited me , I 'm enjoying some rest . - How 's your father ? - My father ... - Is he here too ? - No . But you have heard from him , haven 't you ? - How is he ? - Very well . - Good evening ... Paul . - Good evening . Mr. Allison . Mr. Brandes . Mr. Brandes is my father 's lawyer . - Come , my darling , we 're late . - Oh , yes , at once , Paul . - I 'm sorry , Henryk , but I promised ... - Of course , I understand ... - Will we meet again tonight ? - Well , I don 't know ... May I call you ? Are you staying in the hotel ? No , I 'm staying with my friends , but I shall call you . - Good night . - Good night . Karin , I told you not to leave the suite , didn 't I ? - I 'm sorry . - That doesn 't help . Come on . I 'm repeating this for the last time : you must blindly obey me in everything , or you might put us in some embarrassing situations . What about that gentleman at the bar ? Who was he ? Oh , come on , Peter , I told you , - he 's my father 's lawyer . - What did you tell him ? - Nothing . - He wanted to know why you were here ? - Yes . - What did you answer ? I answered that I came to see some friends . Good . Now , listen : should you meet that gentleman again , which I hope won 't be the case , just tell him that you 're spending the week-end with me . - Oh , come on , I couldn 't do that . - Why ? - He 'd never believe that . - Am I not presentable enough ? And what should I answer if he asks who you are ? Paul . Your lover . Isn 't it clear . - What is it , Dubois ? - Ballard wants to see us now . - Now ? - Yes . It 's urgent . - Anything came up ? - Well , yes , you know : a dead body . This time , you 'll come with me . Please . Stay in the car . - Make sure the lady doesn 't get out . - Sure . - Did you learn anything ? - I think so . - Who 's the victim ? - The garage 's owner . He was stabbed downward in the back of the neck with some pointed instrument . Just like Logan in Stockholm . Any clues ? Here 's what we were looking for . The ledger where Pigeau wrote down his deals . September , Saturday the 27th . Pick up at 5 a. m two men ... The morning Lin-Chor and the professor disappeared . ... and a woman . A woman ? Who can the woman be ? We 'll know it . But , for that , I think someone should go to Marseille now . We 're on our way . - Goodbye . - See you soon . In Marseille , Ballard didn 't lose any time . According to the information we had , the Hotel de la Résidence played an important part in the case . The desk clerk , a cautious man , referred us to the hotel manager . The ledger told us that , on the 27th , a man named Olaf Hansson arrived in the company of his secretary : an Oriental of about 30 years of age . On the same day , a woman called Mrs. Benoit arrived too . The descriptions we were given left us with no doubt : Mrs. Benoit was no other than Mrs. Latour , a prominent international spy on the payroll of a foreign power . Those three left on the 28th for an unknown destination . While he was reading the ledger , Ballard found a lead . Mrs. Latour had called " Talleyrand 77-500 " in Marseille . Ballard called the Police Headquarters and asked for the services of Mr. Delaroche , a senior commissioner in the Bouches du Rhône department . The situation had just become more serious , since Talleyrand 77-500 was the phone number of the New China Export-Import company . And the international organization controlled by Mrs. Latour counted hundreds of spies in every country in the world . Little by little , we were reconstructing a pattern : Mrs. Latour sold the professor to the Chinese . All frontiers were locked . The problem was for us to be quicker than our adversaries for , now , every minute counted . May I do something for you ? - We 'd like to talk to your director . - Please follow me . Come on . Welcome . Senior commissioner Delaroche , Marseille PD . My name is Li-Che . Please be seated . Sorry to bother you but we 'd like to know a few details about the departure of one of your ships to China . The Debrett , owned by Lion Shipping Lines , was rented and chartered by your company ? On September the 28th , she left Marseille for China ? - Indeed . - She 's flying your national flag ? That is customary , Sir . According to the law , she 's now a Chinese merchant vessel . I 'd like to see a copy of the loading manifest . - Do you really want to ? - Yes , very much so . We want to know what cargo the Debrett was carrying . The Debrett takes cotton to China . She 'll return with porcelain . - She 's only carrying cotton , that 's all ? - That 's all . - No passengers ? - No passengers . - Let 's see the copy . - Here it is . - No , thank you . - No , thank you . The ship will first call in Naples . Tomorrow . - Thank you . - You 're welcome . We can go . Oh , Mr. Li-Che . Would you happen to know a woman called Mrs. Latour ? - Mrs. Latour ? No . - What about Mrs. Benoit ? - No , I don 't either . - Thank you . Your servant . A report was sent to Headquarters and instructions ensued . The Debrett was sailing to Naples . I was ordered to leave for Naples and meet Biamonte who was in charge of the Italian territory , then wait for the Debrett . We were convinced that the professor and Lin-Chor left Marseille aboard the merchant ship . Biamante was waiting for us at the airport and he shielded us from all control and customs formalities . Rooms were booked for us at the Elyseum Hotel , the place chosen for our action in Naples . What do you think of Naples , Miss Johansson ? - May I ask you a question , Colonel ? - Ask it , we 'll see . I 'm addressing the man , not the policeman . That 's hardly possible : they 're one and the same . What will you do with my father if you find him ? Miss , in my line of work , you don 't count your chickens before they 're ... - Before they 're axed , is that it ? - It 's " hatched " , I think . - Now , Miss , the capture of your ... - What ? The capture ? Well , let 's say , the retrieval of your father is a serious problem for the agent in charge of the operation . He 'll be responsible in front of the whole world 's authorities ... and there 's bound to be some dispute . No , you see , Miss , in this case , it 's probably less dangerous to have an egg today that a hen tomorrow . - Good morning , Karin . - Good morning . Biamante . At what time shall we board the Debrett ? Around 5 pm . Biamante having requisitioned a launch , we boarded the Debrett as scheduled . - Where 's the captain ? - I 'll take you to him . Follow me . These gentlemen want to talk to you , Sir . What can I do for you , Gentlemen ? Colonel Biamante , of the Italian Security Office . What is it ? What do you want ? - We 'd like to talk to your passengers . - What passengers ? Didn 't you take two men and one woman aboard in Marseille ? Not that I know of . There has to be a mistake . I 'm just carrying cotton . I 'll show you the manifest , now . They 're certainly not mentioned in the manifest . I 'm sorry , but I must search your ship . No problem . I 'm at your disposal . Please follow me . The Debrett was a big merchant ship . We had to search it from top to bottom , to question its crew and officers , and carefully check its cargo . Biamante began to interrogate the crew while I went down to the hold in order to carry through the other part of our task . For several hours , we questioned , we searched . No nook or cranny escaped our investigations . But we were soon to admit our defeat : there was not a single sign of Lin-Chor 's or professor Johansson 's presence on board . We were about to leave the ship when a rating asked me for a light . The man lit his cigarette then gave me back matches that weren 't mine . Here are the ones he gave me back . Look . At midnight . Caffé Robilante . I know it . It 's on the docks . Operator ? Give me inspector Lorenzi , please . Carlo ? Send me two men at the Caffé Robilante . Yes , now . - Did the rating tell you anything ? - No , not a word . Let 's hope he 'll keep our date . Tell me , Lundström , do you think the professor has been on board the Debrett ? Your guess is as good as mine . Do you want me to tell you what I think ? Now I know that you or the others , whether Greeks , Italians , Frenchmen , English or Russians , you all want to capture my father alive on your territory ... - Karin ... - Or you 'll make sure that no one can take him alive . You 're being unfair because of your grief . Please calm down . - I remind you that we have a rendez-vous . - Yes , I know . Come on , Karin . While we 're gone , you 'll have to stay here . I beseech you : do not leave this room and especially don 't answer the phone . Can you do that ? We won 't be long . Don 't let anybody in . - Now she 's alone . - Let 's hurry . We have no time to lose . - Are you afraid ? - Yes . And for good reasons too . - Fernando . - Yes , madam . Go upstairs . They 're sure to have left a guard at the door . Yes , madam . Have you got a light ? About-turn . Come on . Walk . Turn left . Now to the door . Open it . Turn left again . - Thank you . - Keep them : these are yours . What 's written here ? Italian cigarettes are a blend of the best tobaccos . Why do you treat me with such brutality ? For being a wise guy . I don 't really like wise guys . The gentleman asked you very politely to read what you wrote . I 'm not interested in advertising catch-phrases . So read this to me . - Midnight . Caffé Robilante . - Very good . Well ... It 's midnight and this is the Caffé Robilante . Well ? - Who 's he ? - He 's Colonel Biamante from Italian Security . Yes , that 's how it is . Deal with it . - I need a drink . - Waiter ! Three Camparis . Three Camparis . Yes , Sir . - I 'm listening . - I gave him a date , not you . I can see you didn 't really understand me . - Your name ? - Bouland . Jean Bouland . - Identification . - Why ? I told you I didn 't like wise guys . Give it to me . Jean Bouland , Marseille . Able seaman ... Able to do what ? Where did you do time ? Me ? Time ? I never went to jail . Bouland . Can you see my nose ? It was broken . But I 've still got a prodigious sense of smell . I can smell the perfume of prison on a man at one hundred yards . - It wasn 't serious , mister . - Colonel to you . Yes , Colonel . I jumped ship once or twice and , of course , afterwards , they give you trouble , you know how it is , don 't you . Certainly . Well ... Can you tell me why you asked this gentleman to meet you here tonight ? Well , earlier in the afternoon , on the Debrett , - you were looking for passengers , weren 't you ? - Go on . - You didn 't find any and ... - I would hurry up if I were you , sailor . Look . I don 't want any trouble . I just thought that a few not too serious bits of information ... but now I 'm afraid I 'll put myself in trouble . It 's too late to back away . I just thought it was an opportunity to make some money . - How much ? - Well ... Come on ... How much did you hope for ? - I 'm a reasonable man . - I 'm sure of that . You 'll give me whatever you think my information is worth , I can ... I 'll tell you what it 's worth : if I 'm interested in what you say , I won 't put you in jail . If not , and if I send you to the crapper , it will be for some time , in a cell where nobody will come and make trouble for you Did you get it ? Or should I repeat it ? If I have to repeat , I 'm Italian so I speak with my hands . Now , for the last time , will you tell my so civil and so patient friend why you wanted to meet him here tonight ? I thought that , maybe , if I gave him a little information , I would make some money . I 'm poor , I don 't have ... We had passengers . Men . Two men . - Did they come on board in Marseille ? - Yes , that 's it , Marseille . Can you describe them ? An old man with white hair who must be Danish or Swedish ... - Yes . And the other one ? - An Oriental . What then ? Well , they immediately disappeared in a cabin . - Did you see them afterwards ? - Yes , when they left . Tell me where and how . We 'd left Marseille for maybe one hour . It was almost night . The engines stopped all of a sudden . It lasted ... well it lasted more than one hour . Then I saw another ship coming toward us . It stopped at about one hundred yards . The passengers came out of the cabin then got in a lifeboat . To get on board the ship that was waiting ? - Yes . - What was her name ? - The Arabelle , of the African Line . - What was its course ? Well , the usual one : Port Said ... I don 't know anything more . They didn 't take me in their confidence . I 'm sure you still know a lot of very interesting details . Let 's go somewhere quiet , if you don 't mind . - Yes , of course . - Come , my boy , come with me . Come on now ! Hurry up ! Come on : walk . Luigi : take care of my friend . Give him a cozy little cell . You never know . Come and see : there was a murder . He 's the policeman who was watching the room . The same way : stabbed in the back of the neck . Where is Miss Johansson ? - She vanished . - Vanished ? - Are you the doorman ? - Yes . - Have you seen the girl going out ? - No , I haven 't seen anything . Were you asleep or have you been paid not to see ? - Neither , but the elevator operator saw the whole scene , Sir . - Tell me . The young Miss passed by in the company of a man and a woman . - Can you describe them ? - The man was carrying all the luggage . - He was distinguished , about 40 , with greying hair . - And the woman ? She was 30 , maybe 35 , a blonde , beautiful . With a very determined attitude . That 's what struck me the most about her , by the way . All right , thanks . That will be all . I don 't need you anymore , Gentlemen . - Maybe ... - What ? Well , maybe they took the girl away against her will . You think they took her because the professor resists them , don 't you ? And that rendez-vous at the Caffé Robilante ? - Was it to get us away from here ? - Well ... - Biamante , do you know what we should do ? - No . We should go and question our friend , - the seaman who took us for a couple of fools . Are you coming ? - Yes . Go on a short patrol . I 'll knock when I 'm finished . What if I don 't hear you ? When I knock with this , you can 't fail to hear . Well , my friend , we 're not happy . I 'm not either . I 'll complain at the French consulate . In order to complain , you 'd have to go out , to be able to walk and especially to be able to talk . You have one big mouth . One day , someone might close it for you . Now , really , he hasn 't got one redeeming quality . Listen to me , Bouland . Bouland , Jean , from Marseille . Fate decreed that you should meet me , and I 'm sorry for you . When I was 15 , I broke my mother 's heart , and since then , I 've kept breaking blokes like you . I 'm infamous as a bully and , believe me , I do deserve to be . Don 't pretend to be worse than you are , old boy . I 'm certainly not exaggerating . You know , six months ago , for instance , there was here , in this very cell , a man who had information that I really needed . For ten years , the man was absolutely deaf and dumb . Well , when I was through with him , he talked like an angel . And in two languages to boot . Come on , Bouland , tell my friend what you know . As you can see , he 's growing impatient , and I don 't like it , because I promised to help him and I always keep my promises . - Come on , get up and talk ! - I 've already told you all I knew . You said they went on board the Arabelle , via Port Said . But you told us a lie , my boy . She 's anchored in Marseille . That 's too bad . Come on , Bouland . How much did Mrs. Latour give you - to keep us busy during the kidnapping ? - I don 't know any Mrs. Latour . A little brain rattling sometime brings back memories . - Come on : where is the professor ? - I really don 't know . - You 're a dirty liar . - You 're hurting me . Let go of me . - Don 't crush his bones , Biamante . - It wouldn 't be the first time . Come on : where were they going to ? Shanghai ? Hong Kong ? - No ! - Well ? - Bangkok . - Bangkok ? - Bangkok , yes . Calling RDX . Please answer RDX . A black limousine is now leaving the airport with three men , Mrs. Latour and Miss Johansson . Keep it in sight and learn its destination . Report to RDX . Over . While Mrs. Latour went on her way , Berakov was preparing his counter-attack . His agents were putting into place a trap which was supposed to close slowly , as a net does . They 're still following us . You must go faster or they 'll pass us and cut our way off . Come on , man , faster . Faster . - How is business , Mr. Wang ? - Your business is fine , madam , as always . I hope you treated our two friends well . I made sure to follow your instructions to the letter . - Our two guests must be moved . - A wise decision , madam , I agree . Give them sleeping pills then have them taken to the house by the river . Your beauty is only equaled by your infallible wisdom , madam . - Thank you . - I know whom I 'm dealing with . Mrs. Latour is a rose with dangerous thorns . I use force only with stubborn people . There are so many arguments stronger than violence . - Stop it ! This is quite enough . - What 's eating you , Karin ? I want to see my father , get it ? - Might I stay alone with Miss Johansson ? - Your wish is my command , madam . Professor . Professor ! How do you feel , professor ? Where are we ? Where am I ? I 've got a headache . - What did they do to you ? - I can 't recall . Lin-Chor , listen : you must try and escape from here . You know the city and its hiding places . Flee . - We 'll never make it . - We have to try . And don 't forget my recommendations . You 'll convince your father to come with us , Karin . And to collaborate with our scientists . - What if he won 't ? - That would be unfortunate for you , but I really doubt that a loving father could endure what I would show him . For God 's sake , be careful , madam . My father is no young man . He was deeply rattled by the explosion . If you go on , he might become mad . Tranquillize yourself , that won 't be the case : my torturers are specialists who know how to gauge a patient 's suffering and its effect on the onlookers . Don 't look for a flaw , I don 't have any . - Everybody has one . - Not me . I 'm convinced that Karin will be sensible . How much do you get out of this bleak deal ? - Who do you think I am ? - Oh , please . At least , take responsibility for what you do . Your cowardice is sickening . I think she 's right . I represent evil , she good , and here you are , pathetically floating between the two . You were a corrupt honest man , why don 't you try and be an honest scoundrel now ? Here . This is the formula . I don 't know if I should leave you . They 're going to torture you . It doesn 't matter . I 'm expecting the worst . My life is meaningless . But the formula ... the formula must on no account fall in their hands . - You 'll pay dearly for your selflessness . - Hurry up ! Go ! Wait here . Hey ! Stop him ! Stop him ! - Is she ready ? - Yes . They can go . Right . Arrange this scarf so you show even less of your face . Jeff , you have your instructions . The policemen will follow you to Wang 's construction site . You know what you have to do . Call me as soon as it 's over . Very well , madam . - Are they here ? - Yes . - How many of them ? - Two near the lorry . The cyclist is one of them too . They hope we will lead them to the professor . That 's funny . Every policeman in the world thinks he only has to follow a lead to get to his goal . - Hello ? - Hello . Everything is settled . The path is clear . Good . Let us all meet on the docks . - Fernando , tell Wang that I 'll arrive soon . - Yes . Get ready , Karin . We 're going to take you to your father . Pass them , quick ! Come . We can 't cross right now . We must wait for the royal boat to pass . As you can see , Mrs. Latour , there are always unforeseen events . Don 't be too happy about it . In the swamp which is the mouth of the Mae Nam , Bangkok includes a lake dwelling made of boats and houses built on stilts . It forms a maze in which no stranger could hope to find his way . Therefore , that 's where the professor was taken after Lin-Chor 's escape . Come . You may go upstairs . He 's there and I 'll leave you alone with him . No useless hesitations : try to persuade him . Fernando will lead you . Karin ! Do as she says , there is no other way out . Oh , father ! Let me look at you . I 'm so happy . They must have terribly hurt you . My darling . I can assure you that all is well . They haven 't hurt me at all . We don 't have much time . And I knew that you would come . They told me so . I hoped they were lying , that it was blackmail , that you could escape from them . Oh , my darling . I 've got so many things to tell you . Let 's start from the beginning . There was the explosion , a terrible shock for me , the media jumped on the case in the whole world , the police put me under control . I felt like I was choking , like I was a prisoner . - Do you understand ? - Yes . Lin-Chor warned me . He certified that I wouldn 't be strong enough to resist them . " Sooner or later , they 'll have the formula " , he said . From that moment on , I could see enemies everywhere . So Lin-Chor proposed to take me to the temple in Angkor-Vat . He thought that I would be safe there , that I 'd be saved ... - ... and that the world would be safe too . - Yes , of course . - And then we met Mrs. Benoit . - Mrs. Latour . Yes . She said she could help us to flee to Cambodia . She saw Lin-Chor papers signed by the abbot of Angkor-Vat . - They were fake , of course . She sold us out . - I know . I only became aware of it aboard the ship . - I wanted to escape , but ... - Did they ... brutalize you ? No . No , they neither beat nor tortured me . Not yet , at least . - What about the formula ? - I gave it to Lin-Chor . - Where is he ? - He managed to escape . He 's going to try and get to Angkor-Vat . I gave him all my documents . - Good morning , Berakov . - Good morning . Sit down and have a cup of tea : - it will do you good after your long trip . - Thank you . - When did you arrive ? - Yesterday . I was watching Indonesian harbours when I was ordered to meet you here . Well , this is the Orient . Norwald must have thought : " We need Berakov and his two-ways ideas . " Yeah . Do you know what happened in Naples . Yeah . Biamante lost a man and you lost the girl . Yes but , in my opinion , Mrs. Latour will take Karin to her father . Yes . No doubt about that . She arrived yesterday , in the company of a Mr. Brandes and Karin Johansson . - Did you put a tail on her ? - Yes , of course . - The result ? - Awful . Three of my agents were killed . The fools fell into a trap . At a level crossing , I almost caught up with the lady but the train was coming and she took advantage of it . - What about Miss Johansson ? - Unfortunately , we lost her . Your hunting specialists are not up to the job . What do you propose to make up for that disaster , Berakov ? Quiet . Relax a little . Getting excited is really useless . I 'm fed up with fishing in a dry pond . I 'm waiting for a phone call . You should try to help me , honey , instead of giving me advice that you wouldn 't like me to follow . But , father , what you ask is impossible . Those people will stop at nothing . They 'll kill you . Yes , I know . That was a most informative and pleasant conversation . Things being what they are , your father will be taken to my friend Wang 's gambling house . There , I think we 'll be able to change his mind . This is useless , madam . My father decided not to work for you , and we shall not talk , whatever the cost . When I 'm finished with you , you won 't be a pretty sight . - I don 't care . - You 'll change your mind . I don 't doubt that your father will reconsider his decision . Fernando . Berakov . Are you sure ? Good . As I thought , we picked up the track again . Miss Johansson , her father and Dr Lin-Chor are in the floating house of a Chinese named Wang . - Where ? - Here , in this area . Let 's go then . We have no time to lose . The boss not here . Nobody here . The Police ! Quick . Search the ground floor . You , there ! Look this way . Karin ... Karin ! Did you speak with your father ? - Yes . - Where ? - Here . - Where is he ? Do you know where they took him . Karin ! Will you tell me where they took the professor ? - Where is the nearest hospital ? - The Police 's rescue station . The boatman knows where it is . - I 'll join you there very soon . - Good . My conversation with Mr. Secretive , here , is not over . OK . Where did they take the professor ? He 's tough . He didn 't say a word . She 's suffering from shock . But you will be alright in a couple of days , Miss . I 'll come back later . - Excuse me . I regret . - It 's too late for regrets . I warned you . I ordered you not to go anywhere without me . Two of my men and three of Berakov 's agents are dead . That 's the result . Karin , try to understand , that I 've got a very precise and important task - to perform , and I want ... - Shut up . I can 't take any more . Do you think it was easy for me when she told me she would kill him ? Are you sure that he will talk ? Oh , yes . What with this , he 'll certainly talk . Why do you suffer , Johansson ? To save your kind ? They 're not worth it . No , you won 't make me change my mind . You 're crazy . The coolie talked . Dr Lin-Chor escaped . What about my father ? They took him somewhere else , but I know where he is . We must go there immediately . We 'll need the local Police , Lundström . We 'll have to urge them to spare the professor 's life . - I 'll go with you . - No , you 'll stay here , Karin . If we want to bring back the professor alive , we must act quickly . Come on , Karin , be sensible . You 're well-guarded this time . Your threats are useless . The Chinese want me alive , so your men must take care not to cross the lethal limit and make me worthless . They 're experts . They know exactly how far they may go . When they reach the point where you 'll pray for death ... - I already do . - You 'll gain nothing if you become mad . What about you ? I won 't even be able to give you the exact formula of water . Professor , please . I beseech you . Give her the formula . Watching you suffer like this is intolerable . Just look the other way then . The fight is uneven . Your resistance is useless . It 's hopeless . To the gambling room ? Please , Gentlemen . Give me a whisky . With water . - Johansson , I want the formula . - Never . Tie him up ! - Fool ! - Madam ... - The Police ! - Meet me at Wang 's . My father ... Did you see him ? You told me yourself that it was what he wished for . Yes . It was his dearest wish , but I still had a faint hope . We arrived too late . Mrs. Latour and Brandes escaped . They are looking for Lin-Chor . As for me , I received orders from Norwald . I must find Lin-Chor at all cost . - Don 't leave me alone . - No . This time , you 'll come with me . Everywhere you go , I 'll follow . I have only you in the world now , Peter . - What can I do for you , Madam ? - Help me find Lin-Chor . I was informed of that and I did my best , Madam , as always . - Is the airport watched ? - Of course it is . - Find a car for me . - All the streets are blocked . Every car going out of town is controlled , Madam . - Find something else then . - I did , Madam . You 'll leave town then go upriver in my junk until you reach this farm that my guide will point out to you , Madam . - And then ? - The farmer is a man I trust . - He 'll guide you further on . - Very well , Mr. Wang . You also must ensure that we 're not given chase . I 'll ensure it , Madam . If we meet with trouble there , your men must be able to cover our retreat . - I 'll ensure everything , Madam . - Good . - Are you ready ? - Yes . Yes , of course . Yes . - Tell me , Mr. Wang ... - I am entirely at your service , Madam . What if the Interpol people take a plane ? Imagine that it doesn 't reach its destination then . You are a valuable man , Mr. Wang . At least , we 're sure that Lin-Chor is on his way to Angkor-Vat . Yes . Let 's hope you 'll catch up with him before he falls in Mrs. Latour 's hands . Goodbye . - And good luck . - Thank you . We 'll need it . So Lundström and Karin were aboard the small aircraft carrying them to Cambodia . The pilot was following the course of the Mekong . They had a pleasant trip . But suddenly ... We must land . Duck ! This is Polaris . This is Polaris . Crash landing . Plane smashed . Pilot killed . Can 't give exact position . About 300 kilometres North-East of Bangkok . 300 kilometres North-East of Bangkok . Will try to go on by foot and hope to reach Angkor-Vat after a three day walk . - Warn Berakov now . Over . - Will do . - You can rest here . - Yes , fine , fine . One of the village coolies says a man looking like Lin-Chor - passed through here . - When ? Two days ago . He rested for one hour then he left . He 'll be in Angkor-Vat before us . Where are we exactly ? We 'll need at least two days before we reach our goal . What ? With the dugout canoe ? No . Fortunately , the farmer provided us with an ox-drawn cart . - I think we should let the men rest a little . - Why ? The hardest part is still ahead of us . Sparing them would be wise . You won 't have me believe that they 're less sturdy than I am . Yes , as a matter of fact , I will . They do need some rest . All right . Tell them we 'll stay here for a while . - Let them prepare water and food for us . - The peasants are poor . - We 'll pay . - I 'll see what they have . So you think that everything can be bought ? I only have to look at you in order to be convinced of that . - Let go of me ! - We are alone . - I know that . - Do you know you 're beautiful ? I know that too . It was very useful to me . You are disgusting . Get out . I 'm stronger than you are anyway . - You wouldn 't dare . - Do you think so ? - We have to cross this swamp . - No , Peter . No , I 'm afraid . We have to , Karin . Or we might lose valuable time as well as our way . Easy now . Test the ground before you put your weight on it . Too bad . It was of no use to us anymore . Why did you throw the transmitter away ? The battery was wet . It couldn 't work again . Get away ! Peter ! Peter , help ! Peter ! Peter ! Peter , help ! I 'm sinking . Peter , Peter , help ! Peter ! Peter , quick , Peter , help ! Peter ! Don 't move . Grab my foot ... and the stick . Hold fast and don 't let go . Hold on . Hold on . Mrs. Latour would like Lun-Tan to rid her of Brandes . You 'll give him this for his work . - You speak Chinese ? - I speak eight languages . - You never told me that . - Why should I have ? And may I know what this mysterious proposition is ? Wang will send us a plane to Angkor-Vat so we can take Lin-Chor directly to China . Why did the two of you discuss that in Chinese ? Our host probably thought it wasn 't your business . - I don 't believe you . - Maybe you 're not wrong . - What does this mean ? - Guess . But ... Are you forgetting that I 'm your associate ? No . You 're dead weight . - Beware . - Goodbye , Mr. Brandes . We 're going to rest for a while . No , Peter , not on my account , I can go on . I 'm exhausted , Karin . Just for a little while . Here , drink . Drink some water . Easy , we must ration it . And now , you 'll try to sleep . - Lun-Tan is dead . - We all die some day . Yes , but not always when it 's convenient . - What do you think of that ? - Nothing . You are a cruel monster . You tried to have me killed and that 's all you can tell me ? I failed . Let 's forget it . You 'll try to do better next time ? It all depends on your sleep . If I were you , I would close only one eye at a time . All right , give me my money and I 'll go back to Europe now . I 'm willing to write you a check for $ 100000 but my account isn 't provisioned . Sorry ? You told me ... I did what you asked . - I gave you Karin , didn 't I ? - Our business is not over . Then , just give me half of it . $ 50000 . - You are pathetic , Brandes . - You ruined me . Better still : you destroyed me . An honest man like Johansson can be destroyed . You can 't . You do not exist . Look , Brandes : I 'm offering you one last chance . Without me , you can 't do anything here . Put that gun away . I ! I give the orders now . I 've got the money ! I 'm paying . I 'm the one you will obey . Is that understood ? Karin . Karin , wake up . I must kill this tiger so we can start on our way again . Don 't say anything . - Peter ! - It 's over . It 's dead . Come . Come on ! Hurry up , you lazy bones ! Faster ! Come on . Faster . Will you go forward already ! What ? What do they want ? Them no want to cross . Cart too heavy . I have to cross this river . Make them understand that . Not with cart . All right . Carry everything . I 'll cross with the empty cart , alone . Are you tired ? We can rest for an hour . No , no I think we must go as far as we can before nightfall . As you wish . Faster , you lazy louts . Come on . Faster than that . Walk , you ! This way now . Come on . Hey , you , there , faster ! - Will you walk ! - Mooooo ! Hurry up ! Come on , walk , walk ! What does the young stranger seek near the temple ? - Did you lose your way ? - I don 't know . Tell me , my son , where do you want to go ? We 'd like to find the way to Angkor-Vat . One does not seek the way of the holy place , the way of the temple , with a weapon in one 's hand . This weapon , father , is our only protection . This is no time to stop . Come on : walk ! I know whom you seek : our brother Lin-Chor . - How does he know ? - My child , I know everything . Dr Lin-Chor was my father 's assistant . Yes . Lin-Chor often told me about you and your father . So you 're professor Johansson 's daughter ? Yes . Show us the way to Angkor-Vat , father . Just go ... We 've reached it , Karin . No one can enter the temple with a weapon , Sir . Do as he says , Peter . - Oh ! Lin-Chor ! - Don 't come any nearer . What do these young men say ? They say this man killed the monk in the small temple . - What ? - No , it isn 't true , Lin-Chor . They swear he did it in front of them . The shots were intended for Peter , not for the monk , Lin-Chor , I can swear it . You 'll have the opportunity to repeat that oath . I have to see the abbot and explain the purpose of my mission . Yes . I 'll try . Come . Here , in our temple , the very heart of the holy place , in front of Buddha 's golden throne , on the steps going up to his divinity , here is a haven and peace for all . Even a murderer . Lin-chor , you doubt us but still you help us . - I promised your father . - My father was killed . Killed ? He had foreseen that , and that 's why ... - That 's why he gave you the formula . - You know ? He entrusted you with the secret for which he was willing to die . Lin-Chor . Where is the formula ? - I promised the professor ... - You must give me the formula . - I too shall know how to die . - No , Lin-Chor . No more sacrifices . Understand that I came here so the formula won 't fall into other hands . Don 't worry . The formula is in a safe place . Wait for me here . Lin-Chor . The Father wants to talk to you now . Don 't go from here . I 'll be back . The death of our brother from the small temple must be atoned for . I 'm asking that you receive the stranger , so he can clear himself . We have no business judging a man , Lin-Chor , my son . We must leave that task for men 's justice . Father , I know the woman is entirely innocent . I respect your mercy , Lin-Chor , but your heart betrays you . I thought a lot about it , and I 'm firmly convinced that the woman is not guilty . She 's the daughter of the scientist with whom I collaborated for so many years . I would swear to it , Father . To speak like this is to accuse your younger brothers of perjury . No , no , Father . Just of being mistaken . My young brothers are children and fear must have misled them . Please , listen to the stranger . Lend him a favourable ear . They 'll pay for their faults in front of the judges of the Earth . Only the Gods can be favourable . Help me ! Help ! - Did you see Berakov ? - No . - Where are you going ? - Something is happening . - I must go and see what it is . - Peter ! - Lin-Chor . What happened ? - It 's him ! Brandes ! He took the formula . - I 'm sure of it . - I 'm listening , my son . Obviously that man killed our brother when he aimed for the stranger . We 're now going to gather into the temple and pray . Stop ! No man can enter here with weapons . I can 't follow that law , my friend . Let us through . It 's forbidden . Berakov ! He 's got a gun ! This way ! Stop ! No one can enter our temple with a weapon . - Get out of my way . - No ! This is sacrilege . - Murderer ! - Yes , but whose fault is that ? - No ! Don 't touch me ! - You 're coming with me . - Let go of me . - Karin ! Now I 've got the formula and we 'll get the power . Never ! You betrayed my father . Enough . You 'll come with me and I 'll use you as a shield to get out of here . Here it is . Just a piece of paper . - What should I do with it , Father ? - The decision is not mine , my child . What you 'll do will be well done , Karin . I give you thanks , daughter , for this proof of world-saving wisdom . May the Gods bless you . Translation : Goupli66 September 2011
