 This , is an atom this , is the universe the atom is what infinitely small the universe is what infinitely large nevertheless , identical matter are ruled by the same rules Man has learned to unleash the power of the atom and desires to conquer the universe with such a force to leave behind the earth for some far away planet maybe , with the subconsious desire , of creating a new race . who ignores how to build atomic bombs and razing other worlds . This is a planet close to us . let us go to it , in a typical Venusian night . A night in which an inter space flight is arranged . the most important of all its history . Gamma , commanderess of the interplanetary fleet . the last of the men has died on our planet , consequence of the atomic sickness . You will travel to other worlds in search of men , to find the most perfect specimen . I will bring to Venus the most hansome male specimens in the universe . And the most perfect amongst them , will sire the next generations of Venus . And you , Beta , a foreigner to Venus , daugther of Ur , the planet of shadows , you have been chosen as companion to Gamma , in this heroic feat . You are the best navigator amongst your people . we put our faith in you both . The orbital ellipses have aligned , you must depart . The Ship of the Monsters The left engine has lost power . Our guests are starting the party We must be pacient with them , the men are our prisoners , we have kindnapped them . we cannot be surprized that they are unhappy The left engine ! I told you . Freeze the men ! An emergency landing is necessary , in the closest planet . I do not know this planet . It is Antarsis 13 , planetoid of the fourth order . how do you know that ? Before the men of my planet disapeared due to the atomic war , they recorded in my electronic brain , the sum of their knowledge . they where interested in exploring that planetoid , but decided it was not worthwhile . It is inhabited by seemingly intellingent beings , who do not know what they want . They are dedicated to destroying each other . It has an athmosphere . Dense , composed mainly of oxygen . the friction can burn up our ship ! Retro-thrusters ! Emergency refrigeration ! We are entering the athmosphere . Temperature is rising threefold ! I hope the superstructure can resist ! A shooting star ! it is time to make a wish , for a pretty girl to dig me , to really dig me . ( Vernacular " Hurah ! " ) A star travels accross the heavens . I ask it to grant me a blessed love . To end my travels trough this path , on the back of this horse , I search , but cannot find , someone to give my feelings to . I want her not too fat , no to thin , but with plenty of life . They say that I am no treasure . Juana , Petra , and Nicanora are wittness to this . They say I am uncultured and a liar , and also a coward , but know that it is not true , ask my horse , he will tell you I never lie , Wassup , whatever happened to being mans best friend , you are tossing me over ! Thank god we are alone , because you tell me that in front of people , and such a kicking I will give you , you know where . A star travels accross the heavens . I ask it to grant me , a blessed love . a blessed love . Breathable athmosphere . Normal temperature . Strange vegetation . Indeed . let us explore while Thor identifies the fault Man , you are such a liar , you lie ! Hey man , no need to slander me if I do lie , let the earth open up and swallow me up , along with you lot . Ok then , just you lot . I assure you that what I say is true , it happened in the Big Pines . Some highwaymen jumped me from behind and , whack ! They shot me , but I heard the gun shot twice , first when it went trough me , then after I went trough the bullet , and the only thing was , that I only had a single shot in my gun . And what did they do , did they kill you ? Had I died , I would have told you , Atenogenas , as you know , I am quite considerate . I drew my gun , and my knife , I put the knife in front of the barrel , I took the shot , the bullet split into two , and whamo ! between both their eyes it went . Both of them ? well , one of them flinched , so I got him in the eye . you should have seen that dude cry , since he only had one eye left instead of tears , it was a single stream . And due to the bedlam of the gun fight , thats not all due to all the noise , it woke a horde of dinosaurs ! Thats bull , man , when have you seen dinosaurs here , in Chihuahua state ? Go to the Big Pines at first light , just accross the way and you will see its infested , infested with dinosaurs ! Oh well , pigmy dinosaurs , its a miracle the beasts are even able to breed at all , with the poor pasture . But surely , pedigree dinosaurs , with no bones , and of beautiful plumage . And in all that horde of dinosaurs , to the right to the left , you know how clingy they are , there was a 16 point buck ; black hair , blue eyes . A black haired deer ? A bear . didnt you say it was a deer ? Let me tell the story , Atenogenas . Then , I got close to the bear ... with blue eyes . it was a French bear . I got close to it ... with what weapon ? with a stick in my hand ! you meant to say you whack it with a stick ? No , the stick is to move the wild brush away . because the wild brush can be " unbearable " Do not run , get closer ! Eye to eye , breath to breath , and when its close , throw some dung in its eyes . and where does one get the dung ? Rupert , you shall have it in abundance ! And then that 16 point buck ... the bear ? the deer , Atenogenas ! I got my 30-30 carbine ... Wheren 't you unarmed , Lawrence ? let me tell the tale , Rupert . I took aim , at a 1000.16 metres , with a single bullet , I got him in the hoof , the wrist , and in the ear . And how could that have happened ? It was scratching itself . Enough tales , you are the biggest damn liar ever . I bet that you don 't even know how to use a gun ! Whats more , I will give you the chance to pull yours first . Ok then ! wait , man , both at the same time , don 't be advantageous , right , crew ? As you wish ! Your head or your heart ! Don 't shoot man ! Don 't shoot ! Don 't get sulphurated , Rupert , its not your style ! Especially now , that you are loosing weight . How brutish , man , you are so slim , a wisper , a twig . you are quite dehydrated . Don 't take it that way , lets have a drink as friends ! its just that you tell every damn lie , man ! lets have a drink . let see , you doubt my feats ? Say , how many drinks have I had ? Five . Damn , I usually only take four , I am getting ahead . maybe I will see dinosaurs for real . What do you mean for real , where the others a lie ? I man , boned dinosaurs , and boned dinosaurs have bellies , never trust the big bellies . Ill see you guys later , maybe I will have another feat to tell . A human being ! Like us ! The kind that are extinct . over there Wassup , scaredy animal , like you had seen the dev ... Oh my . Wishing star , you got it wrong , I only asked for one , what shall I do with two ? Klol mulaita ? ( French ) Can you tell me where we are ? Ooh ? Ooh no ! Where ... am ... I ? Choita Nakamura ? ( Spanish tongue twister ) Tin Marin , de don pingue , cucara macara titere fue . Well , sprechen sie Christian . Speak to me in Christian ! Are we in Antarsis 135 sub 2 ? Antarsis 135 sub 2 , no , I think that is a cotton plantation close to Torreon . Right now you are in Chihuahua , Mexican Republic . Me-he-co ? Mexico ... Mexico Mexico . Mexico , this blessed land of the lord ! and in the very Chi ... Mexico , subtropical country , located between North and Central America . Mexicans , for all they try , unable to finish what they start . Race is a mixture of white and indian surface , 2 million square kilometres . 30 million inhabitants . a welcoming people , peaceful but quick to anger . ... huaha , where there a only the finest of people , brave but of ample hearts . with plenty of room ... And , all the men , are they like you ? Well , what can I say , well , all they guys around here , they get by , they get by . now , me , I am of the finer stock around here . And you two , what street are you looking for ? from what Christmas play are you coming from ? Are you from the circus ? Circus ? And whe ... Circus , distraction that is very agreable to humans . Men and animals are involved . Animals do the work of men , and the men do the work of the animals . in this fashion . ... re is it installed ? The big top will arrive soon . Thanks for everything , see you later . Whait , why so evasive ? why leave so soon ? We can 't stay . and why no ... And now ? oh man ! oh man ! now I am telling lies to myself ! Getting carried away there ! how about that ! yeah right , Circus girls , but ... Lawrence , you have to recognize , that even in dellusions , you have fine taste ! the selection , what a fine pair of selections ! The men have undergone hibernation . When will you be able to return ? After the next cycle of shadows . The robot , captured in Palis , the dead planet , is performing the repairs . It is incredibly capable . Very well , take care of the men . I must inform that in this planet , there are men very similar to our species . Capture the most handsome one and bring him with you . We have located him , when the ship is ready , we will capture him . Understood , good luck . The radiation is increasing . Take him , Thor ! He is a man , a strange and terrible looking man , but still a man . We have kidnapped him , so he cannot be our victim . Very well , your orders . We will place them in a secure place until the repairs are complete . Wassup , Lulu Briggitte , whats new ? Speak to me clearly , this evening I am quite crossed . What ? Tonight you want to sleep under the awning ? No way , you get to sleep in the cool night breeze , because tomorrow , I want refrigerated milk . And plenty of it , eh , because lately you have been quite scarce , quite dry . Well , it pains my soul to tell you this , but if I don 't tell you , who will ? Oh , all done eh ? Here , they will be safe until the ship is ready for flight . It will be a good hiding place . Thor , I need to talk to them , unfreeze them . Uk , enough ! Men of the planets , lend me your ears . The ship that was taking us to Venus , has suffered an accident . but soon we will be ready to reasume our voyage . We do not want to go to Venus . We are free galactic men . we demand our freedom ! I obey orders from the council . you are guests of Venus , I am sorry . Guests ? Prisoners you should say . You have had the gaul to kidnap us , and freeze us . I am Tawan , Prince of Mars , I will never forgive you ! Me , Uk , Me King of fire planet , Me free , Me great man ! I am Tir , grand priest of the red planet . I will destroy your entrails , to the light of Ultares , and its seven moons . You have no right to deprive us of our freedom . You do not know how to control the atom ! ( Alien Diabolical Laughter ) My race has lost our matter , but we are still alive , despite our appearance . Our powers are terrible ! Give us our freedom , and we will not harm you . On Venus , you shall be happy and free . Now ! Thor , you must hurry the repairs . back to the hunt . Which , in this occasion , is quite enjoyable . Wassup , what happended , you where not delusions of mine ? Excuse me , can you tell us how to get to town ? You want to go to big San Ignacio , or little San Ignacio ? I do not know , where there is lodging . Well , in big San Ignacio there are no hotels , and in little San Ignacio , there are not even hostels . in neither of them . Well , we must find something , until the circus arrives . Circus ? The best in the world . but , please , come in to this , your humble yet modest home . Move to the side , dont be in the way , come in , come in . Well , I will introduce myself ; Lawrence Treviño Gomez , son of Lawrence , the elder . who married Mother Hedwiga , when I was about to be born , and whom might be my pleasure to meet ? And , and you live here ? Well , just my brother Chuy and me , say hi , Chuy , don 't be country like , what have I tought you . Chuy Treviño Gomez Chuy Treviño Gomez And are you bringing beasts ? Yes , they will take about two or three days , they will arrive with the big top . Oh , happening of happenings , and where do you plan to live in the mean time ? Well , that is our problem , we have no lodging . Well , if you too wish to stay here ... of course , there are two men here , and people may talk about us , but let them talk . I would not dare abandon you to the forest , with that cold breeze , you might get arthritis . and that would be a shame , because it seems that you two walk quite well , will you stay ? we are staying ! I want to thank you for letting us stay here . But what is there to thank about ? to the contrary , I may not be able to offer the ammenities you are used to . No need to worry , we brought a friend that will take care of everything . oh , I see . Well , I don 't think I have a bed or a cot for your friend . I will call him . Oh , the thing is by telegraph ? Come in . Run ! Here is our friend . This one ? He is a robot . He is the main attraction of our show . A robot ? It will be quite difficult to feed it , there are no petrol stations here . He does not eat , he is clock work . hey man , whats your beef with my little brother , go up against one your own size ! one ... your own size ! Hey , you touch him , and I dent you ! But he will not harm him , he likes children . Raw or cooked ? For playing . And it sings , that road grader does ? and with no face , its has a very , very cold complexion , with no features . Oh , I see , singing , I think this robot might be a " fembot " You are quite charming ! and you ... you , are single , married , or what ? don 't tell me you are in the " what " category . sin-gle ? married ? what is that ? Oh , come on , is it that where you are from you don 't marry ? Truly , we don 't understand . But , it is the simples thing , one gets married when there is love love ? really , now you will tell me what love is , eh ? you are making fun of ... Thor , you who knows everything , explain , what is love ? Love , that phrase does not register . the men of my planet where not aware of it . It is probably due to that that they vanished . ask him ! I order you , that once you wake up , you tell me what love is . ... me , but so you will not do without because of me , I shall explain . Talking about love is always interesting . and its useful , every now and then , I could tell you . but you must put 20 cent coin in the juke box , to get the mood going . Chuy ! where did you leave the 20 cent coin with the string , the one that can be pulled out ? How should I know , put a real one in it , don 't be so cheap ! Cheap , me ? what did you do with the 20 cents I gave you last month ? you probably already spent it , along with the one on the string ! you didnt even return the string ! You will make people talk ! well , with all the pain of my heart , I will drop one in , for the sake of explaining . If your lips ask me about love , a definition . my words cannot spell , the fire of passion . Well , it lacks eloquence , but open your ears , here it goes . Love is born , always betwen two , because amongst more , its getting carried away , and damnation ! If you find a girl , don give her just sugar , give her rock candy , take a chance , toss caution to the wind , with emotion ! its just like when we met , we liked each other real fine . I dont know from your direction , but from mine I did . And one asks her and she says , what do you take me for ? and you say , I 'm serious , and that 's where it starts ! Love is born , always between two , because amongst three , then , thats doing it French . And how lovely it is in France , they arrange everything by kissing . not here , nothing but bullets here . and its not that I fear bullets but the holes they make . To church with tenderness . to the altar with illusion . we tell the priest that we are getting married , and he gives us his blessing . and do behave your selves ... and thats it . and then ? well , then ... a true predicament ! next comes the wedding night and ... chuy , cover your ears ! oh man ! well ... then after that ... the kids . some ... look like me , others ... look like you . I mean , like you . In case that you ... . what do you think ? and for that , you need to go to a man , for permission ? Well , you dont have to get permission , but it is frowned upon around these parts . and how is that desire manifested between two people . I can imagine that to get permission , there must be an origin . Of course ! It starts , with a glance ! then , one gets closer ... Chuy , go check if the sow layed some eggs ! Whatever , man The one that will lay is someone else ! where where we ? In that you get closer . Oh , we are on the right path . well , one gets closer ... Interesting discovery ! Miss , restrain yourself ! I mean , thats how its done , but you ask first , don 't be so brassen ! I like this man ! I ask for permission to make him my property . I do not have authority to grant that . We must take him to Venus so that the council can decide . But we can take others , this one is mine ! Beta , have you not heard that love here is voluntary ? No one can grant you that , only him in any case , he will be mine ! You cannot deny me ! Go to the ship , we will discuss it there . you have no right ! it is an order ! ... don 't take it the wrong way . what happened ? what happened to the miss that was here ? She had to go , we must prepare things for when the circus gets here . Oh my , I didn 't even notice . My god , I am so gone , and by gone . where where we ? In a strange rite , but a quite simple one . One of your customs to manifest feelings . Look each other in the eye . to feel a strange sensation . but that is not called a rite , thats called a smooch . smooch ? Why not leave that circus life ? man , you see all that jumping around . when you least expect it , your trapeze will break , and it will hurt you a lot , and me too . I want us to be together , to get married , and what 's more , if you like , to welcome in this house that robot of yours . I would not have it any other way ! do you accept ? yes ? whats your answer ? I cannot resolve this like she wants it . Do you love someone else ? Its not that . Its just that , I just don 't know . I have duty to obey , and I may not fail ! Give me some hope ! I promise that soon you will have your definitive answer Thor ? Lets go . ( vernacular unintelligible expression of joy ) Oh baby ! what lovely vaccum tubes you have ! so , she is called Lulu Briggite ? Lulu Briggite ! and she is a cow ? she is and she provides you with nourishment ? she does . What a wonderful animal ! Shut up ! Don 't let her listen to you , she is a very conceited cow ! you must tell her the complete opposite , Pique her selfish pride . She is a very dry cow ! she creates no milk , just anger ! Come , Thor . so the , shall we see each other tonite ? you got it ! Thanks , you tractor ! When can we leave ? At dawn . Thor ... you cannot understand , because you have no feelings . but I should be happy to return to my own world . But ... Gamma calling Beta Gamma Calling Beta Attention Beta Repairs completed . Fuel mixture is being prepared in the reservoirs . As soon as Beta returns , load the men . I will kindap Lawrence and we will leave . Gamma calling Beta Gamma calling Beta Beta ! return to the ship , or you will be punished ! Beta ! you ! It cannot be ! no ! no ! no ! Beta ! don 't do it , Beta ! Do not damn youself , Beta ! Thor ? Bring Beta ! no ! No ! no ! I do not want to go ! No ! no ! I do not want to ! To drink human blood is the the worst crime as stipulated by galactic law . You know the punishment . Beta will be desintegrated before the new light . I ask for clemency for her ! The health of the universe is before clemency , obey , Gamma . the order will be obeyed . and return immediatedly . what is the meaning of this . why have you brought me this way ? I withnessed your crime . I informed the council . And ... what is their resolution ? You will be desintegrated , before dawn . But you cannot do that ! we are as sisters ! You know that I must obey . Very well . I only ask one thing . That you do it now ! now ? Yes , do not prolong this horrible waiting ! Please ! Thanks . Come . Yes , I am ready . let it go , let go ! Now you will only obey me ! Finally , I make a reality the wishes of my ancestors . a race of vampires ! inhabitants of the shadows ! Uranians , the blood of the earth will finally be ours ! Men of the Galaxy , listen to me , you have been tricked ! Gamma drives you to your death ! why ! the men of Earth have been chosen for Venusian reproduction . and you lot are condemned to die . It is not possible to return you to your worlds , alive . then we shall die fightning ! Wait , Uk , I do not want you to die . I believe you , you could have killed me now . I have also been condemend to death in Venus , and I do not wish to die , I want to be saved with you . but why ? Because I need you , to dominate this weak and lovely planet ! I want you to roam the Earth freely , Kill ! Destroy ! Make it that terror drives men insane ! Then , we will dictate our conditions . The whole planet will be ours ! What do you say ? Uk , yes ! and you ? yes and you ? aye ! we trust in you , and shall obey you . For you , you will find children to your liking , now go ! and you , the women , go ! the animals will be yours , go and kill them ! and you , you and I know that human blood , flowing , warm , and throbing , fills us with immortality . you are trully , a remarkable woman . worthy of being Princess of Mars . and why not , you are quite intelligent and capable . You are ugly , you do not have the red beauty of Martian women . Come , you and have much to do . but you are remarkable . did you hear that ? Uh hu , sounded like a train , right ? but there hasnt been one in three years , the last one got stuck on the way . maybe the circus just arrived . oh , thats right . and what happened here , a tornado or what. this goat killing wind is getting strong its even knocking down doors . So , whats up Lulu Briggite , as dry as always ? lets go say hi . look ! Lulu Briggite ! you took it too seriouly ! I called you dry of milk , not of meat ! Who is the funny guy who chopped her up ! and why you crying ? tell me who did it ! and how should I know . you where riding with me I left her alive and thriving ! They didn 't even leave your tail ! Get the torches ! this is not over ! Yeah , hells dogs , very happy you are , lots of bones for you ! They left me with no Lulu Briggite . here it is , you are done , you left tracks . The bastard that killed my cow has no shoes , he is bare foot . Oh man , those feet are too big for a Christian 's But the tracks are there , I will track it down Shall I go with you ? No , you stay here , so that when Gammi gets here , you tell her I wont be long . Stay on guard , In which directon ? to all directions ! Poor Lulu Briggite , to the end , you had good appetite . every now and then look up ! why ? so you dont get stiff ! Looks like it jumped around here . does it fly ? No , but the animal is big , short feathers , short wings , it cannot fly . But it is baited , it will return , and I will catch it . damn , you big eyed owl , go bother someone else , I have no time for you . Could it be a kangaroo . no , no trace of a pouch . Again , owl , scram , man ! where was I , where is the track , where is the track ? Who goes there ? men of order of fighting ? who 's there ? who is hollering over there , man ? oh , brother , you where made ugly , seems like you where made with an axe . oh , you dont scare me , scare the one that an owl just gave me , you see , I was tracking this thing , and then ... what are you supposed to be ? Hey man , that game is getting rough , now who will pay for my horse ? Hey man , you are on a roll now . Dont be a trickster and a prankster , get off the stilts and take off that mask . Oh , boy , now I got you , I tought you where a friend , but now you are an enemy ! here is a notice ! well , you wanted it this way . man , bullets dont harm you , well bare fists for you , you animal . man , this is one unfair match ! well , what are you supposed to be ? you lookin for a fight , and me . talking we can understand each other It is the time for dialogue , what are you ? Rupert ? Nicomedas ? I forgive you the cow and the horse , but who are you , man ? so you want to scare me eh , well bro , I can take a hint ! Oh boy , you brought you gang , nothing but rebels without a cause ! oh mama , dont gang up ! inside the empty log , crawling even ! Holy Saint George , reign in your animals with your holy harness ! but who could those disguized cattle rustlers be ? You will now get it ! no time to argue , Lawrence ! Oh man , this is an emergency ! Ok , give me a beer with a shot for the nerves . This is no pharmacy , Lawrence . Beer and tequila , I can sign the prescription . what is up with you , its like you saw the devil ! Where is Rupert , Rupert ! where is Rupert , Rupert ! where are you hiding man ? You have work for your whole tenure as constable , if you manage this , you can consider yourself Mayor ! What , the highwaymen are coming this way ? No , I can handle the highwaymen miself ! now its about horrible monsters ! yes yes yes , you should have seen those monsters ! man , have a drink and dont come here with more jokes , man ! Listen to me , or I would think you are being squeamish . There was four of them One of them had one eye , but quite astute , had great coverage . always open ! always quite clear ! This is the truth ! what is all this then ! You remember Rose , that girlfriend you once had ? the one with bulgy eyes , slight eyebrows , never closed her eyes even while asleep ? just like that , but much more agressive , and with claws ! you dont say , and what else ? Talons like an eagle , and it went , aaaaaaaaaah ! Like a lion , its the truth , like a lion ! Sure , and with scales like a fish ! You saw it too ? yeah man , my house is infested with those monsters , I throw my shoe at them . believe me , this time , I truly asking , believe me this time ! Yeah right , like a dumbass ! you don 't believe me either ? you don 't believe me either ? don 't you believe ? no one believes me ! I am telling you the monsters are right outside ! We must finish them , or we will go to the devil , man ! Bring him to me . Halt , man of Saturn , go ! go This night we will destroy the nearest town . I want to unleash a wave of death and fear ! After that , we will fly to all towns . and the earthlings will have to choose , amongs being our slaves or perish I like you even more now . I admire you , and feel proud to be by your side . No , Uk , hold it ! let her be ! do not touch her ! I tell you to let her go ! Calm down , we must not fight amongs us . For now we have more important things to do . raising dust , and raising drukedness , I take to the town my experiences . with the eye wide open . up to the eyebrows I saw animals that do not exist not even in Texas . you know that in Texas they boast that the biggest things are there , but I tell you , just looking at one of those things and you fall flat ! Nothing but mega Gary Coopers , hybrid animals , ultra-vitaminated , I told Rupert , and what did Rupert say ? Oh , Lawrence , you are quite drunk , calm down boy . If you saw what I saw , dont back down , if you are brave . And ultimately , are you backing down ? I am backing down , they are no lie , they are living animals of flesh and bone . solid flesh and bone . feathers on top of poisunous flesh . and with horrible talons , who would face them ? I will help you ! Don 't help me , that way you are not in the way . That is how I knew the tragedy , I bring you the warning , of fighting to the death . What I feel is that Rupert will die first . well accompanied , along with the whole city council . well , now is the time , it is best for you to go home . because these days I have a magnet for monsters , that wherever I go I run into them . But I can see one of them . Ok , ok then , go home , you are quite pissed . but I can see it now ! Look , look how beautiful . I present you here , the tractor what ? where am I ? I tought I was dead , but there where no sermons , so I am not dead . who froze me ? You are my prisoner . Prisoner of yours ? Well , what bad impression you have of me , all I had was the best attentions towards you . why the change ? Things have not changed . this was my purpose . I will do with you what ever I like . Well , then , these things are just not up to one person both must want it . And I , its not that I don 't fancy you , I do fancy you , but for a sister-in-law . If you want , lets tell ... Holy ... say , where did you bring me ? to our interplanetary spaceship . Interplanetary ? Oh boy ! So you come from another world ? from what far away star ? From Venus . Venusians ? I tougth you where expatriates , or Americans . say , you have quite a heavy gaze , . I feel your sight on my forehead and can feel the hit on my neck . It traveses me like a skewer . Go easy , or I might not make it home Don 't be foolish . Soon the planet will be under my power . maybe you will have the fortune to share it with me . I will be the queen . You want me as your king . As long as its the king of swords , cups , or golds , because of clubs its not my style . come ! one moment plese , dont push me , dont Shanghai me . remember that we are engaged . We are already starting on the wrong foot . I will give you time to ponder it alone . Thor ! Oh , here is the tractor , but now I know how he does it . Freeze ! You jumped the gun ! Lawrence ! Lawrence ! Gamma ! Gammi ! , where am I ! Oh man , in jail ? and how did you go down ? Lawrence , you will hear incredible things , but true . tell me , tell me ! Lawrence , I am not from this world . I knew it , it had to be , you fell from heaven ! yes yes ! you must be an angel . no , no I tell you that I am not from here , I am from another world ! The ship is under the command of Beta , she has the control belt . we can do nothing without it . The command belt , its that the thing she has hanging like this ? Oh , I 'll take it from her , wont be the first mailman that I rip off . ok then . I want you to help me . Well . I dont know If I can . Don 't be a fool , I assure you its worth your while . Obey me , or I will destroy your town ! Yeah right , like you can oh really No no no ! Oh , she is serious ? it has inmense power ! Don 't press any buttons ! don press no buttons , give me a little bit . sometimes love is slow and sometimes its fast , I am the latent kind . court me . well then , lets go , there are many inhibitors here . move it . take off , or she will grab you ! what ? grab on to me , Beta , you might trip but ... hold it , men of the galaxy . this man is our hostage . Wait here while I interrogate him . lets go oh boy ! well , is this a fight or a romance , or what ? Now you will tell me what you told Gamma Well , im just not in the mood . Oh , really , well in this instant I will destroy the planet ! Hold on , dont be so brash , that is what one usually says , That he does not want to when he actually does . Well then , go ahead ! Well , love starts with a glance ... No ! not like that , sing it to me but who can sing with a gun to the ribs ? let it go , ill let go the hat , quid pro quo . after all , I have the control belt . yeah , that is what I was ... . oh , so that is the control belt yes , but sing already So thats what that is , ok then , listen well . you me the moon the sun she him the rose the carnation spring , is waiting summer , the hand autumn , a blossom winter , a hell . that is love yes sir ! who said no ? you will see that love is like that you will see that it is that way spring has good things love , you will see , is liket that in autumn , don 't let your guard down to love , my heart winter , i feel its best to start . you me the moon the sun she him the rose the carnation spring the wait summer the hands ! truly , it was with honorable intentions ! autumn a blossom winter a hell . that , is , love ? yes sir ! why not ? you will see that is how it is love ? you will see that it is that way the spring has good things love ? you will see that is how it is the autumn but don 't let your guard down to love ? my heart hell ? the best thing is , I believe ? to give up ? Give me that ! no way ! give it to me ! do not let him escape ! out of the way ! get him ! oh man , what button opens this thing ? open up , Mary ! What button do I mash to stop this thing ? Give me directions ! cut me some slack , man ! I better not mess with it ! Oh , man , oh boy , oh good god ! like the ground is rising ! hello , hello , testing , hello , hello ! whats with all the shaking ? this big turkey is gaining speed ! it is out of control ! finally you got here , bro ! Lawrence ! Gammi , calm down this jumping thing ! Here is the control box , maybe you can control this thing ! Thats it , now we can fix everything . Back to Chihuaha , hurrah ! , or maybe not yet ? not yet , but soon And now ? I have to accomplish my mission , and return to Venus . to Venus ? But you cannot leave , Gammi , leaving me here . and why not ? Well , Chuy ? go outside and check for rain . Its not raining , but it will rain on you if you stay . Rain , rain , you want me to go to see if she wants to be my sister-in-law Obey your elder brother , haven 't I taught you better ? Say sis , push a button , see if that thing wants to play with me . You cant leave , Gammi , and leave me behind , but ... there are no buts , its just that I want you for real , and for ever ever . Want ? what is that . It will take some effort to explain , but , its this . I have felt something different . That is why you must stay , why have I not stayed in other planets ? I 've had a few opportunities . Why different ? Did you tell the same to Beta ? But that was not love , it was game , how else could I get the control belt ? Beta ? the men on the loose , they will destroy everything , lets go ! I am scared , we are in danger , Lawrence . We will try , If the town dies instead of me , its better for no one to die , death is ugly , so ugly . Besides , If I die , who cares ? I have someone to mourn me now . You think they are there ? I think so that is one ugly entrance , lets see how we get out . wait , dont get ahead . Im game , Ill go with you Ill be back In this planet , it is the man who shows his face . shoot them in there , and then you will finish them all , Well , no argument , I will melt them . No ! careful ! he has poison in its fangs ! let him poison himself ! Ill call Thor for help ! ... well , see , a horse is ... Get some ! let me go , let me go , fight like a man ! Carefull , stab him with its own fang ! Now you will get it ! Carefull , Gami , here comes that volture ! no ! You will die with your own poison ! who made you with curved fangs , fulgurating poison , and porous arms ? Oh , man ! Where is Lawrence ? Lawrence ? Lawrence ? Lawrence ? Bro ? Lawrence ? pull me out ! Help me ! Oh man , he got eaten ! May your tongue will turn to pork rinds , he did not eat me ! he is just on top of me ! where are they , where are they , where , where ? where did you go ! lets go , before reinforcements arrive ! they are all gone all of them ! thats good , now I will go get Rupert , so he can see so he can withness this lot ! Maybe its better not to go . If I tell lies so well , and they dont believe me , these truths so askewed , they will believe even less . We beat them , we will melt them , so no ashes are left . come , Tractor . now is the time , here comes the light ! I have failed , Regent of Venus . How has this happened ? Thor , the robot , has recorded all that happened . he will take the ship to Venus . But what is the meaning of all this ? What you heard , Mrs. Reggie . Venus must resolve its problems on its own , and leave the Earth alone . Earthlings are good people . and are happy in their own way . and what 's else , they have love . The robot will inform you of that , which is the most precious thing in the galaxy , and of the universe . I will remain with them . Wait , you cannot do that ! I am sorry , good bye . I knew that you where one of the golden ones ! She is leaving by light rail , It takes away my companion , The owner of my heart I dont cry because you are leaving I dont cry because you are getting farther . I cry because you leave me , hurt in the heart . Farewells I will not give Because she will always be with me I left those with my friends so they may remember me thank you wishing star you gave me more than I wished for . and now . Don 't argue , Lawrence I am not arguing , but ... The End Subtitles by Jose Jimenez 01 / 20 / 2012
