 - Hello . - Hello Harry . - You 're going to town ? - Yes , I have a board meeting and I have to explain some very important things . Before you go I must give you a message . What is it ? Mr. Rockefeller wants to see you right away . - You do not know why ? - No , sir but he seemed very worried . It 's only natural but he would need to give more attention to his business . Let 's go . After three weeks of hypotherapy I recommend that you follow the same treatment . I would like to add that there is an infinite number of similar cases for which we could proceed identically . But here is Dr. Taylor who will talk about a very interesting topic . Let 's listen to him , gentlemen . Dr Chambers , Gentlemen , first of all I want to thank you for this opportunity you offer me to exhibit my work . Excuse-me Doctor . I guess you all know the recent experiments of Dr. Taylor ? Do you mean this new method of plastic surgery ? Exactly . I believe that each of us has read your work and is very interested . If you allow me a brief summary we must recognize that in some cases of mental illness the efficiency of plastic surgery has been clearly demonstrated . We have many patient records whose behavior has significantly improved after a slight modification of their face or body . We who belong to this profession know better than anyone that in some cases of mental imbalances it 's more appropriate to restore the body before restoring the spirit . Dr. Reich can talk to you about one of his patients currently under observation . I have here the case of a young man of 29 years who remained horribly disfigured as a result of a fire . The first year he was treated by the usual methods without any result . We then decided a series of plastic surgeries on his hands and face . In addition of course to the adequate psychic treatment . The results were very encouraging . What Dr. Reich did not say , is that the rehabilitation of this patient has cost more than three years of painful transplants and care . I agree . However , if his face and hands are now cured , it does not mean that he recovered his mental faculties . The point I wish to emphasize is that with my method you can get total recovery much faster . I can do in one day what took three years to dr Reich . Consider gentlemen , the rehabilitation of the patient whose effects are felt in just 24 hours . You know that I use for my experiments a mixture of resins and plastics . These can easily be molded and take the desired shape . Similarly , I got a preparation allowing the graft of plastic materials to living tissue . In a very short time this substance acquires color , consistency , and tissue structure . Freezing point is lower than normal , and it is practically unalterable to the heat . A question doctor . Have you used your method on a real case ? Not yet . And this is the reason for my presence here today . Now gentlemen , the time has come to make a practical demonstration on the appropriate patient . In other words dr Taylor you need a patient from this Institute to confirm your theory , don 't you ? Yes , that is correct . Although it is no longer a theory , my process ... I guess that once your success obtained you will commit your discovery to medicine ? Well , yes , of course , in a sense , I ... I think of course to patent my formulas and control over their use . - But I ... - I guess you will ask a percentage on the using of your method ? Maybe or a grant to manufacture the plastic materials and the necessary liquid . - Is it a simple process ? - Any adept surgeon can use it . My process is so ... - Dr. Taylor ! It is a well-known axiom of our profession that when one of its members is making an important discovery he must give it without reclaiming anything back . I will remind you Koch Pasteur , Sachs and Bengarter to name a few . This time things are different . I have not received any grant or support by any institution . Of course my discovery is available to the medical world . But I think I have a right to some sort of compensation for the cost of my job . Think what you want but our ethics will not allow this institute to be involved in a business only interested in profit . - You go too far . I need to make an operation on a patient . Everything has been designed on the basis of your cooperation . You 're going to say that we do not want to cooperate ? Come on , Dr. Chambers , we agreed that I would use a patient of this institute . Last week ... - Last week I did not know that you were going to patent your invention . In other words you refuse that I use one of your patients because I could draw a benefit of my own research . Make a profit ? Make yourself rich you mean ? And I can not make this assembly agrees to try an experiment , even if it is important if it begins with personal gain . Maybe Dr Taylor if you would put your invention at our disposal ... Of course it will . But I spent a lot of time of my life on these formulas . Alright Doctor . I 'm asking the assembly to refuse from now on the right to Dr Taylor to try experimenting on a patient until he has not changed his attitude towards our ethics . Do you agree ? Reich ? It is a way of doing too arbitrary . Can we forget the damage to patients and their families ? How ? Do we have the capacity to respond to this decision ? The right to extend indefinitely much suffering on behalf of our ethics ? No , gentlemen , I regret but in good conscience I can not answer against what offers Dr Taylor . Sorry but the majority decided otherwise . You have your answer Dr Taylor . I can see that . Thank you Dr Reich . We will reconsider your proposal if you change your mind . Luckily I can turn to other institutions . I do not feel intimidated and this decision has nor made me lose my enthusiasm . I came to see you honestly , with the best will in the world , and you have pushed me back . Let me tell you that you made a big mistake . And I will prove it Dr Chambers . Hello gentlemen . - They refused my offer . - But why ? For a matter of " professional ethics " said the Honourable Dr. Chambers . He deliberately let me expose my projects prior to conspire against me . And then ? Your time will come , there are other hospitals . What would I do without you ? Go home now . - What are you going to do ? - First take a look at the mail . Do not stay up too long , you look tired . Irritated but not tired . - Good night . - See you tomorrow . Alma ? Is that you ? My name is Norma Worden . Sorry , I 've taken you for my assistant . What has happened to you ? An oil lamp exploded to my face . When did it happen ? Almost four years ago . Why did you not go and see a surgeon sooner ? Cosmetic surgery is very expensive and I have no money . But I have heard of your work . I did not know they had fallen in the public domain . They are not but I have a friend who knows the Dr. Reich and told me . Please sit down Miss . I do not know what your friend told you but I 've never tried my process on anyone . It doesn 't matter . Look at my face . - Do you believe there is something worse ? - I 've seen worse . War veterans completely disfigured . - They were men . - I know . Psychologically it is much more difficult for a woman . Doctor , I have no money but if you want to help me find my old face I would work and I would pay everything you ask . It is not a question of money . It is a completely new treatment . I am sure of its effectiveness . But contingencies may arise and I do not want to fail . Nothing could ruin my face more than it already is . Alright . Come back tomorrow and we 'll see . Doctor , I had the courage to come to see you instead of drowning myself . If I leave now I can assure you that you will not see me again tomorrow . Do not put yourself in that state . I can not bear to see that face again , understand it ! But there is also something you need to understand . I spent years experimenting trying , studying . I can not in any way fail at the first use of my treatment . I know that you are an ideal case to demonstrate my technique . But first I must make preliminary analyzes of blood and tissue . There are many steps prior to the operation . Do it now ! You must do this immediately . If you drive me out tonight I swear that nobody will ever see me again . Norma . Take this sedative . We will start when you 're ready . Now lie down . It will not hurt . Being without assistant it will take more time than expected . But do not get upset . It is necessary that you sleep a little . I 'll be next door if you you need me . If you feel a pain or discomfort call me with that . - Charles - Hello Alma . Looks like you have not slept at all , am I wrong ? It can 't be so visible . Answer me , why did you not sleep ? Alma , either I am wrong or in a short time I could tell you great news . What 's going on ? Explain to me , What did you do there ? No , don 't come in , I 've said it could be a big surprise . Yesterday when I left you were depressed and now here you are gay as a lark . Alma , luck finally smiles at us . - Tell me why ? - Not yet . Leave me alone please , I will be very busy all day . But tonight you 'll know everything and we 'll celebrate that . And my work ? Do not worry , take your day , get a new haircut and the evening will be ours . You give me any clue ? Do not be so curious and go . Come and get me tonight around nine . Alright . But I expect a very good surprise . I can assure you it will be beautiful . Come on , do you want to go now . - How did you manage not taking account of her disappearance last night ? - I don 't know doctor . Norma Worden . Her mother made her shut for assaulting her sister . Has seriously injured a neighbor in a fit of rage . Threatened with a weapon police and doctors . Persecution mania more or less pronounced . With manic-depressive paranoid tendencies . - What was the treatment ? - Normal , cold shower , sedatives , psychotherapy . - And the result ? - Well , as with all maniacs she sometimes seems to have made excellent progress . These last two months treatment was much lighter and we have conceded her more freedom space . - Visits ? - None . Moreover she feeds a large aversion towards her family which should be corrected gradually . You do not believe she returned home ? In my opinion this is the last place she would go . Bad sign . The newspapers will soon begin to publish informations on this case . Everyone will know and we soon will be entitled to an official inquiry , how all this could happen ? I do not think she can go very far , Doctor . Why ? Because she had no money and she wore a gown of the hospital . Hmm . Let 's hope you 're right . The only thing we can do is to warn his family and contact the authorities . She could come back of her own . It 's awful , she is a sick woman suffering from an extremely dangerous imbalance . Although her behavior sometimes appears normal her violent reactions can cause a series of harmful accidents to anyone . We must find her . Would you call my secretary please ? Yes Doctor . Calm down , do not get up . Relax . This hurts you ? You have trouble breathing ? We 'll see about that . It 's better . Plastic dry maybe a little too fast ? I will arrange this . I will apply a little of this solution on your face to soften the plastic . Do not worry and do not be frightened . You have to stay calm , okay ? Dr. Chambers ' office . I want to talk to the Doctor please . I 'm Dr. Taylor . A moment . Dr. Taylor asks you on the telephone . Tell him I 'm busy , he 'll have to call back later . Yes Doctor . As I told you disappear is not the word . Norma Worden actually only went out . She was not under surveillance and enjoyed a complete freedom in the park . Of course you looked for her everywhere ? Of course . And not finding her anywhere I decided to call the police . Did she have a discussion with someone ? Do you see a reason to explain her fleeing ? No discussion as I know . As to why , well , it is easy to understand that this place does not particularly suit to the patients . Don 't you think that feeling alone she only left to be entertained for a moment ? You talk about a distraction . Look at her picture . I see your point . It will not be difficult to find her . How do you want her to be considered , " runaway " or " missing person " ? " Missing person " would be preferable . I would not like the newspapers making too much publicity around this event . You 'll understand why . - Can we keep this picture ? - Of course . Do you think you 'll find her soon ? We begin today . The time has come to see your new face . Please be seated . Norma , hopefully it will be a revolution in the world of plastic surgery . You can have a new face and a new life . Come on . It 's not the time to cry . Joe , it 's Mandell speaking , there is something new for me or Alec ? Okay . We will make several copies of this photo . So the hospital does not want the Press to mingle with the case . It 's logical . It suits them if nobody knows anything about a patient mentally ill fleeing . - The doctor suggested that she was harmless . - And what else could he say ? His position is difficult . This woman may be a homicidal maniac . I don 't like it . Neither do I. One can almost imagine what will do a criminal but it is impossible to know what a madman will do . I made you some coffee . How do you feel ? Wonderfully well . - In every sense of the word . - I rejoice greatly . Let 's see how it goes . Feel something ? And there ? - And now ? - Yes , I feel something . According to my calculations you will soon find again a full sensitivity throughout the facial area . Lay down a moment please . I do not like this plastic drying so quickly . This is a special liquid whose principle is to maintain the flexibility of the plastic . I want you to use it whenever you feel that your skin dries or pulls . All right . Stay here . I return to my office . Body temperature ... I never thought about body temperature . Norma , you should use the liquid while I make some changes to the formula . Something wrong ? Nothing serious , this is just the first time I 'm using this material . And it dries too fast . The best thing to do for the moment is getting dressed , I want ... I did not tell you because you would not have made the operation . You know what that means ? - I do not give a damn . - Well , not me . You are interned in a public hospital and I operated without permission . But it was a success . Yesterday I was clearly rejected the right to do what I did . This can be argued to have me excluded from the order . Why ? Isn 't it a wonder of operation ? Now you can make fun of them . The only thing to do is to bring you immediately to the hospital hoping they believe my story . I do not want to go back there . - You must return there . - Wait a minute Doctor . There is no reason to lock me up . I 'll speak clearly to you . Whatever the reason you were in the hospital my operation did not heal you . I will not return to the hospital . Norma , calm down , please . It is possible that with a new face you respond better to treatment . And you could leave it all behind very quickly . But now you must return . " Neurological Institute " ... Hello ? Hello ? I 'm sorry . I didn 't want . Charles ! What do you want ? Well , I would like a steak and a beer . A moment Miss . Send me the report as soon as possible . Okay doctor ? - You will have it tomorrow . Police . You are the assistant of the doctor ? My name is Alma Gausch . - Could you tell me what happened ? - I do not know . When I came to seek Dr. Taylor , it seemed to me he was leaving in his car . I called him but he has not stopped . That 's when I came in and I found him unconscious . Is there drugs or narcotics in the house ? No . Where does he hide his money ? In this wallet . Empty . Does he carry large sums of money with him ? Not often . Tell me about your patients . He 's entirely devoted to his research . But he made an operation on someone here last night . You have an idea on the kind of operation ? Yes , cosmetic surgery . - How do you know ? - It is his specialty . And I 've just seen the instruments he used . I will be very thankful that you don 't touch anything before the arrival of my men . As you wish . I cannot understand . - What ? That such a thing happened to a man so good . He had a project which can only benefit to suffering people . Why hurting him when he only wants to help others ? Difficult to answer , Miss . Provided we find the guilty quickly . We will do our best . The morning papers , please ? In the reading room down the hall . You 're welcome . " Looking for an housemaid . Must be young and attractive . Contact the Hotel Excelsior . " What are you looking at ? I apologize I was doing it without realizing it . The bus to Blue Cove is passing here ? It arrives in a short time . How far ? About fifty Km . You believe that there is a risk of cerebral hemorrhage ? It is too early to tell . He regained consciousness but it is currently impossible for him to speak . But I 'm mostly worried in regard to possible consequences . What do you mean ? He has no reflexes and for now he is totally paralyzed . Could I ask him some questions ? Of course , the problem is that I don 't know if he will be able to answer . Hello my love . This man is a policeman and he will ask you some questions . Try to answer . Could you describe the person who hit you ? If you cannot talk close your eyes . Once for " yes " twice for " no . " You hear me ? Did you know this man ? Yes and no ? Did you operated him ? Is it him hitting you ? That 's enough for now . You will be better soon , I 'll be back tomorrow . What do you want ? I would like to speak to the manager please ? - For what reason ? - I read that you are looking for a maid . Please see Mr Pollack . His office is on the 3rd right . - Are you sure ? - Completely . Sorry . New client ? She seeks a job as a maid . Who would have thought ? With such maids it is worth staying a day or two more . You fit well with what we 're looking for Mrs. Black , young , beautiful . But I need experienced employees . Please Mr Pollack I beg you to give me a chance . All right . I guess you have references ? I do not have them with me but I will have them sent to me . We need staff and I think you deserve this chance . Thank you Mr Pollack , you will not regret it . Of course not , I 'm sure . Introduce yourself to the butler in the dining room . He will show you your work . You will see that I 'll do the trick . Come in . The door was open . It always is . What 's new Inspector ? Have you ever seen this before ? Yes . It belongs to Charles . It 's his coat . I 'm sure . Where did you find it ? In a shop for ladies in the city center . So it was a woman ? This is precisely what Taylor was trying to tell us in the hospital . We have also found his car . I found this photo roll . I do not know what it is but if you want you can take it . Thank you , I will immediately have it developed . What were you doing ? I was just checking Dr. Taylor 's formulas . For what reason ? The plastic must be maintained flexible with a special liquid . Apparently the liquid has not sufficiently penetrated the tissue . Look I placed this a few minutes in front of a fan and see the result . Does it mean that air exposure on a person under this treatment would give this result ? It depends on the quantity and the frequency with which the liquid is applied . Watch this bottle . It was full before the day of the accident . You see what 's missing ? The doctor has probably given it to this woman . When there will be no more liquid and if she is exposed to the wind ... Look in what condition this piece of plastic is now . - Can I keep it ? - Of course . You have news about Dr Taylor ? - He is much better thankfully . - Good . Could you fill me up again ? I 'm sorry sir , I do not serve this table . And where do you serve then ? At this table there . Now could you serve me ? Of course . I know that here they close late but when are you off-duty ? Just before going to bed . Come on . It 's not time yet to go to sleep . This is what you wanted ? Please don 't be so severe . Hi Hawkins . I 'm glad to see you , how is it going in your sector ? Like this , like that . I have a picture to show you . Norma Worden . Where did you get it ? On a photo roll found at Dr. Taylor 's I do not understand . Dr. Taylor has discovered a new plastic surgery process . I think Norma Worden went to visit him and persuaded him to operate her . This photo has been taken before the operation . This would explain the lack of of a good lead . You want the find her quickly ? You bet , why ? Because we could help each other . I miss teammates . - You want us to work together ? - Awesome ! I 'll say a word to the boss . Polack here , I listen . Yes Mr Wyler . I understand . I will send her in advance . Thank you Mr Wyler . Goodbye . You will be at Mr Wyler 's cottage at seven . Small committee but he says he needs a girl with urban wear preferably instead of uniform . I will immediately get changed . Ah , Mrs Black , I know it is not suitable to speak of our customers but I must tell you something about mr Wyler . A bad thing ? No , but he doesn 't have a very good reputation . I had heard about it . He 's a rich man who married three times . At present he 's single , isn 't he ? Certainly but I would not want anything unpleasant happening to you with him . Thank you Mr Polack , I will remember . - Another thing , you will not forget to show me those references which you talked about ? I will not forget . Thank you Miss Black , it 's that I have to store them in your file at the earliest . They are about to arrive . Of course , when you want , what you want . Welcome to my home , enter please . - I arrived too early Mr Wyler ? - Too late you mean . I was told to be there at seven hours and I 'm ahead . At seven o 'clock you 're right . I meant that I would have preferred if you came much earlier . Thank you Mr Wyler . I think it should not be there but in the freezer until the guests arrive . In front of you . You are not only beautiful but efficient . Pollack has a good eye to hire staff . What would you like to be served ? Martinis . I make you one ? How many guests do you expect ? How ? Very little , we 'll do it in small group . You really do not want it ? It is in small groups that you learn to know people better . I agree . And the host before everyone must know the waitress , right ? A Martini ? No . Really . - Mr Pollack would not like me to drink while on duty . - It does not matter and this time it 's part of the job . - That 's the rules . Forget them a little . And I 'm Matt . Let 's toast then to a quiet meeting . Let 's sit down and talk for a while . What time should guests arrive ? - Later , later . - How much of them , you said ? What 's the importance ? Do you realize that this is the first time we 're all alone here ? Tell me about yourself . I do not think my work requires that I tell you my life . Your past life does not interest me . What interests me now is the present . Mr Pollack clearly put limits to my duties , Mr Wyler . - Matt . - I 'm here as a waitress not as a guest . To me you are already much more than a guest . And it 's me making the rules here . You are very sure of yourself , Matt . I guess that with your money and your confidence you must have made lots of conquests . I don 't give much importance to these things . I do . How many guests did you say ? One . So you do not need me . I don 't belong here , good night . This is where we found Taylor 's car . The second major goal is Blue-Coven . She could as well leave it there and take the other direction . Yes , but we must first determine if she is still in Blue-Coven . As finding a needle in a haystack . We don 't even have an idea of her current apparence . And if you showed these photos to everyone ? Perhaps she would denounce herself when seeing them ? Good idea . And if she is afraid ? She will go elsewhere . It 's worth trying . Blue-Coven Police will help us . So that finding her she can not escape . Let 's go . So a strong wind gives this result ? In my opinion the texture of the material impedes liquid penetration . It is not the liquid . It is the material itself . The real problem is in the formula of the liquid . - But at what stage ? - I do not know . This is what we have to solve . I 'll try to find but you , you don 't take care of anything . I should not have done it . What ? All the things I did , I should not have let this woman convince me . And believe so fast my formula was perfected . I was wrong on everything . Do not worry darling , remember this old saying ... I know a lot of old sayings but they do not change anything in such cases . If the plastic dries completely , my surgery instead of helping this Women can make her very dangerous . I 'd like to see her face now . Come in . Who 's there ? The bailiff . You 're crazy . Do you know that you should not be here Mr Wyler ? If you had decided to listen to me you should not be neither . You 're incredibly unconventional ! I warned you . Listen . Why not let your job and come with me to Paris ? This is unacceptable and you know it . There are plenty of women who would be delighted . But I 'm not that kind of woman . At what time do you finish tonight ? At 10 : 30 p.m. What do you think ... - Hello ? - Miss Black ? Could you come a moment on the terrace ? Yes , immediately . Thank you . This is ridiculous . I did not know her until recently but in no case she can be this woman you are looking for . Simple routine Mr Pollack . We do not expect of course that she still looks like this photo . How will you find her then ? We have our idea . You wanted to see me Mr Pollack ? These gentlemen are officers they want to see you . Fine . I know what you think . Why did you want to see me ? Have you seen this woman ? What a horrible face . What happened to her ? An accident . These gentlemen wanted to see you because they assume this woman came here at the same time as you . This is all you wanted ? I am very sorry to have bothered you . Miss Black . Do not worry about it . This time we followed a false lead Mr Pollack . But we must leave no stone unturned . But for what reason are you looking for this unfortunate ? Because she has escaped from a lunatic asylum . - What has happened ? - Nothing important . - We will see tonight ? - Yes , if you come to the bar . Take your pawns off me . - Come on Nora . - For whom do you take me ? For one of your conquests ? Out ! - Listen , I did not ... Leave immediately I told you to leave . - You are mistaken . - Go away ! We need photos of Nora Black for tomorrow morning . I 'll try . You know these three men there ? No . Why ? I just heard they want to take your picture . Picture ? I do not know , maybe a career as an artist opens for you . Nora I gotta talk to you . You must listen to me . - I beg your pardon for this afternoon . I did not want to offend you , I was rude . - You 're hurting me . Nora I 'm crazy about you . I want to marry you . Marry me ? We will spend our honeymoon in Paris and we will travel around the world . Paris ! Or the place that pleases you most . But be my wife Nora . I beg you . We will leave from here ? When ? As soon as possible . What do you say ? It 's okay Matt . I 'll marry you . My life ! I am the happiest man in the world and I 'll do anything for you to be happy too . Let 's go at my home . We 'll be at quiet . Let 's go . Philipps , what are you doing here ? - I came to see you of course . - At this hour ? This is an important matter . - What have I done ? - Nothing . I just need you to sign some documents . Miss Black , my lawyer Mr Philipps . - Very happy . - Pleased to meet you . Sit down . I will serve you a drink . No thank you I can not stay . You should , Matt and I just get engaged . Again ? But this time it 's serious . Obviously I guess you 've already told Miss Black under what conditions you can marry . - Conditions ? - How can I say ... Mr Wyler is ... I 'll explain . You see , darling my fortune is controlled so that whenever I marry I lose some of my rights . Why ? To prevent the fortune from vanishing because of divorce . However there is a solution . - Can 't we talk later ? - I want to see clear now . - What did you say ? - I said Miss Black that your signature on an act of renunciation would arrange things well . What should I give up ? Rights of participation in the assets of Wyler in case of death or divorce without children . I have nothing to do with this absurd clause . It is my father and uncle who have issued it . It has served in many cases to preserve this wealth . I think it is very reasonable . I will sign willingly this " waiver . " You are admirable . First leave this work at the hotel . Then we 'll go in town to arrange all the details of the wedding . It 's gonna be a party when my friends see you . Isn 't she adorable ? - And a woman of great talent . - You know how to use it ? - As if I had invented it . I will shoot Black Nora on all angles . We are going to visit the company that hired her . It may be fun but I will have to explain it to my wife . This is probably a waste of time but I think w have a lead . At work . Dr. Taylor will soon make its identification . Mr Pollack ! You are the most desirable woman that I know . What do you want from me ? It is time that we speak both quietly . - About what ? - This . While you delay to get me your references I did my little investigation . You 're known nowhere . It does not interest me . I 'm leaving . I know that you deceive people but I 'm also doing it in a sense . What are you trying to tell me ? I mean that seated all day in my office , saving appearances because of my duties , obliged to be friendly with customers , I often forget that I 'm made of flesh too . I am sorry if I lied to you but I needed the job . Now I 'm going . - Do not leave before we speak . - I have nothing to say . I think the contrary , for instance , Matt Wyler could be very interested in these papers that I just showed you . So that 's it . Yes indeed . The only thing I ask is that we have ... friendly relations . You 're a vulgar blackmailer . Do not believe it . Let 's have a drink in my room , would you ? It would be better if you get used to the idea that I am an interesting man . It does not work . Who has left the doors open ? Come in . What do you do with this case ? Matt , why not running away ? Flee ? I do not want a grandiose wedding with too many people . I would prefer if it was a simple ceremony and then leaving today for our honeymoon . Today ? How do you want to get married at this hour ? The border is two steps away . Well , after the wedding we will take my plane at the airport and at ten o 'clock we will be in the air . You will see . It will be wonderful . Wait here . I 'll be right back We will have to wake up the judge . - You know where he lives ? Do not worry , we 'll find him . - Glad ? - A lot . Now towards Paris . - Hello Doctor . - Hi inspector . - I 'm glad to see you on foot . - Yes I 'm much better . I still have a little paralysis on the right side , nothing serious , but what did you have there ? A bottle , have you already seen it ? - Where was it ? - In a woman 's room in a Blue-Coven 's hotel . We believe that it belonged to Norma Worden . Alma , do an analysis of the residue . Did you see this woman ? Me and my friends agree that it is one of the most beautiful women we know . - Could you describe her ? - Not in detail . We wanted to photograph her but it seems that she learned it and that she fled . This bottle is the only evidence we have . That 's it . - I think we took the wrong road . - You give me fire ? What happened to you ? Your face . Do not look at me like that . Who are you ? Let me explain . I 'll tell you everything .. Wait ! Matt , do not go ! Do not be afraid . Begone ! Come back . I 'll tell you what happened . I know it was terrible for you but you must be patient . Poor Matt . He looked at his plan with the help of the headlights when that car runned on us . Unfortunately you do not have noted the plate number license . I was only worried about Matt . You made a very good statement . I hope the police find the culprits . It won 't give him back to me . I know this is not the right time to talk about tit but as Matt 's lawyer I need to know what are your plans ? I want some money and go away from here . Since you didn 't have the time to sign the act waiver you are entitled to claim . However it will take time . How long ? Months perhaps ? Maybe an arrangement would suit you ? If it is immediate , yes . I want to leave as soon as possible . I wil have in a few days a significant amount at your disposal . I will give you the rest in a month or two . Give it to me tomorrow and forget the rest . Meet me at my office tomorrow evening and we will arrange everything . Thank you Mr Philipps . I want you to know that I will not rest until I have found Matt 's murderer . I 'll hire the best detective for him to investigate . Matt was an irresponsible , a mad dog , who did a lot of nonsense , but he did not deserve such a death . This is the last time I tell you baby , you stay quiet or I will tell the doctor . I 'm fine . I just have a little headache and I will be able to walk in a day or two . But it was recommended for you to rest . It could have been much worse . My only consolation is that it was a good lesson for me . That 's what I should have done first . I finally know that we are on the right track . Over . Forget work and thinks of us . The poor girl . It must be terrible for her . The formula should be prepared if I see her again . It 's my fault if she 's like this . Stop tormenting yourself . Alma , correcting this error I will finally have a glue able to stop the hardening . Fine but get some rest . Do it for me . Make me another solution reducing acid by half . I 'll finish it quickly . I will do it only if you go to bed . As you like but make haste . I got it ! The name contained in Wyler 's wedding contract is Nora Black . Where is she ? At the hotel , not far from the place where Wyler has been runned over . But she left this afternoon . - Do you know where she went ? No , she has been seen driving a car eastbound . I 'll transmit . Do you think she will return to Taylor ? I do not think so . I will still warn him . Hello ? Very informative , thank you for telling me . Something happened ? It was Hopkins , he hopes to get his hands on Norma Worden soon . It was enough work for today . We stop ? You 're right , I 'm a little tired . You can go now . All right . - What do we do with the preparation ? - Do not worry , we will finish tomorrow . - Go to bed earlier , you promise ? - I promise . - Good sleep . - Good night . We are not very far from Taylor , it 's on the right . You think we should go see him ? Why not ? Norma is that you ? It makes me happy to see you , I was hoping for your return . You expected it . How is your face ? It 's worse than I thought . Look at me . I came to you to help me and you gave me that . Listen to me Norma . I think I can arrange your face but the first thing to do is returning to the sanatorium . Where is the liquid ? It is not that . I was wrong I admit it . But you also should have returned to the hospital where I would have followed you . Do not tell me what to do ! Give me the liquid ! Not until you refuse to return to the asylum . I will not go back ! The liquid , give it to me ! You are sick . You need a treatment that I cannot give you . You are against me . All my life the world has been against me , I hate you ! I 'll kill you . Norma ! Calm down please . Alma beware ! Let me arrange your pretty face . Here 's what you need . Begone Alma , go away now ! You 've had a hard time ? It was an accident . I was not able to do anything . She tried to kill us . - It does not surprise me , she committed two murders in recent days - This is terrible . The poor woman . You have done nothing other than defend yourself from a maniac . I could have dominated her if I was able to get up . Remember that if you are like this it 's her fault . Strange path taken by justice . Doctor ! Hopkins ! This is the famous liquid . I do not know what kind of discovery it will be . But if you transformed so well the ugly face that was hers you can be fully happy doctor . You could answer some questions ? Of course . Let 's forget it as soon as possible . We will then be able to work , Charles and I. Let 's go into the office . Hopkins on the phone . I 'm in the lab of Dr. Taylor , send me Welles . Yes , Norma Worden , she 's dead . She tried to kill the doctor . Not that bad . This is now one of the most beautiful women I 've ever seen . timings : meatisgood translation : aloysius70 + Senor Zitos
