 Operation Vega by Friedrich Dürrenmatt Translated by : Italo Chiusano Characters in order of appearance : The Excellencies The Minister of Stellar Affairs : Aldo Giuffre The Minister of War Ottorino Guerrini Minister of Extraterrestrial Territories Michele Malaspina The Under-Secretary of Venusian Affairs Raoul Consonni The Military Colonel Rox : Attilio Ortolani Captain Lef : Pietro Privitera The Venusians Sim : Gastone Moschin Pers : Attilio Duse Irene : Lia Angeleri Borst : Arnoldo Foa The Speaker : Umberto Ceriani The Voice : Mario Morelli Sets Costumes Music and electronic effects Lighting Studio assistant Produced by Directed by Vittorio Cottafavi With your permission , Mr. President of the Free Confederate States ... I will present as you asked me , a report of my journey aboard the spacecraft Vega ... The negotiations of Excellency Horace Gorg , and all the recordings of the conversations . Let 's start with a summary of what happened at the beginning of our trip . Your first trip into space ? - Yes , the first one ! It 's really stupid today when small children travel to the moon ... or make a trip to Mars . Today our dreams have come true . I love Earth too much and dream too little . Outside our planet , there is no climate which is at least bearable . In fact , Excellency . Excellency ! And you 're the Captain ? At your command . If I can be of any use . Don 't be so nice to people like me . To Ministers of Stellar Affairs one shouldn 't be so nice . How strange , Captain . Dr. Manner is at your disposal . Thanks . May I fasten your seat belt . Your welcome . Is everything alright , Excellency . I 'm quite excited . Excellency , would you like something . No , thanks , it doesn 't matter . Red light , 20 seconds left . It 's a shame that we must leave , I wanted to go fishing this morning . Still 10 seconds . Take off ! The Earth is left behind , Manner . Is the pressure tolerable ? Yes , yes . It 's OK . It 's increasing .. It 's strange when you experience it for the first time . Breathe calmly ! I 'll try . The spaceship must accelerate to a speed of 36,000 kilometres per hour . Manner , you 're the President 's personal doctor ? Only on trips . I accompanied him to Mars . I understand . And he decided that you have to accompany me to Venus ? It 's a great honour for me , Excellency . Yes . The yellow light . Now the pressure of the acceleration is at maximum . I feel it . Green light . We have reached the necessary speed . We have left Earthly gravity behind . Here we are ! It 's a distance of 8,000 kilometres from earth . Rather high . May I unfasten you ? - You 're welcome ... We now have artificial gravity . That 's much better . Earth is beautiful , isn 't it ? - Indeed . A proximal shield . What a pity that it is false . False , Excellency ? Its inhabitants do not always tell the truth . Colonel Rox , Excellency . Colonel Camillo Rox ? - Yes , Excellency . You are the one who attacked the Red Atoll one year ago . Exactly , Excellency . And three years ago the raid on Base XZ 15 ? Excellency , you have a good memory . It 's only my profession , Colonel Rox . Ah , you are here , Gorg . One bang and you are in space . I was also enthusiastic when it was my first time 40 years ago . Space travel has become convenient . Recently I met an old guy whose great-grandfather had experienced the pioneer times . The poor things floated like angels and at the moment of take-off were squashed flat . They had neither artificial gravity nor any kind of protection against the acceleration . Such primitive people . You can see Earth . An impressing globe . A panorama , Gorg . So , you from the Ministry of Stellar Affairs can learn what it means to have a wide horizon . Now : A recording of the conference held aboard the Vega three days later with all Ministers present and presided over by Horace Gorg . Gentlemen , first of all ... I 'll give you a short survey . We must be sure about what we want and what we must do . Since 1945 ... we 've had no world war . A period of 310 years . There was a period of partial conflicts : This war , that war , whatever the names of them were . Now a new world war has become unavoidable , as terrible as it may be for a Minister of Stellar Affairs to admit it . The world has had 300 years to prepare . Diplomacy has come to its limits , the Cold War can 't be extended . Peace is impossible . The necessity to wage war is greater than the fear of it . The free allied Continental States oppose Moruvia and its allies . The two forces are almost equally powerful . Almost . This is the sad reason why these members of the Free Confederate States find themselves here , on the spaceship Vega . Now I want to give the floor to the Minster for Extraterrestrial Territories . Excellencies , gentlemen ... Our situation isn 't completely favourable . The moon is lost ... A loss which , personally , I feel more sorry for than Borg . The treaty with Stux , responsible for the loss of that side which faces Earth and its living conditions so hostile to human nature make it unfortunately , impossible to attack the Moruvian moon fortresses . We should never have signed the Stux treaty . I must remind Minister of War Cos that he also had no idea when I ... had to sign the treaty which I profoundly deplore . There was no alternative policy and we weren 't prepared , sufficiently , for any solution other than politics . I ask the Minister for Extraterrestrial Territories to continue Excellencies , gentlemen . Mars is neutral and too powerful to be forced to support either us or Moruvia . So only Venus remains . I ask to give the floor to the Under-secretary for Venusian Affairs . You 're welcome . I give the floor to the Under-secretary of Venusian Affairs . Excellencies , I think it 's important that the members of the government here have an idea of the situation on Venus . The climate of the planet is a disaster . It finds itself rather like the Earth was about 150 million years ago . Venus isn 't appropriate for normal human settlement . So that both Moruvia and our allies have withdrawn their commissioners . I 've heard a different version . To be precise , Excellency Gorg , both our and the Moruvian commissioners were denied return back to Earth . So that we and Moruvia ... neglected ... that is omitted , in fact ... there is a possibility of sending others . What was the name of our last commissioner ? Borst . When did he resign ? 10 years ago . Why didn 't he return ? We don 't know . Go on . Mr. Under-secretary . Excellencies , gentlemen ... Even if Venus isn 't appropriate for settlement , it 's useful in a certain way . Both we and Moruvia and its allies have been using Venus as a penal colony for 200 years and we are still using it exclusively for this purpose . Our spacecrafts discharge the prisoners and then leave without getting in touch with them . So , are the prisoners free ? Free on Venus . For Earth they 're dead . And the political situation ? The political situation ? - Yes . Unknown . The number of inhabitants ? Unknown . How many have we sent up ? - 30,000 per year . And Moruvia ? I don 't know . I don 't understand why we need a Department for Venusian Affairs when we know nothing about this planet . It 's the duty of this department to organize the prisoner transports . What happens later is of no concern for the department . Important only that they don 't escape . What kind of prisoners do we send to Venus ? Morally inferior human material . Criminals and then mainly people who support subversive ideas and must be expatriated for security reasons And who do the Moruvians send to Venus ? Morally inferior humans . Criminals and people who support subversive ideas and must be expatriated for security reasons Very good , thanks . Now I ask the Minister of War to inform us about his aims . It 's simple . We must convince the scum up there for a war against Moruvia and its allies . From a strategic point of view , Venus has the advantage that it 's cloud layer makes it impossible to watch its surface . An attack can be prepared secretly . On Earth that is impossible as both we and the Moruvians have satellites we use to watch each other . I estimate the population of Venus at 2 million . For an attack at Moruvia with atomic and hydrogen bombs I 'd need ... 200,000 men . Spacecrafts and bombs we can produce ourselves on Venus . with a few scientists . And are there such scientists at hand ? - Yes , a few aboard . With which Venusian delegates do we negotiate ? With a certain Pers . Do we know anything about this gentleman ? He 's a killer . Fine . Then with a certain Sim . And what do we know about him ? He was born on Venus and son of a noted subversive . Even better . Finally with one named Pres , about whom we know nothing . Gentlemen ... Our mission was decided by the President . to our surprise . In a sense rather hurriedly , as it evidently seems that at the moment , about Venus , we know practically nothing . I 've been put in charge of leading this mission . Our task to tell the truth , is somewhat difficult . At this moment we don 't know what the representatives of this planet require , or how to negotiate with them ... If we 'll find a dictatorship or a parliamentary system like ours . In fact , the situation ... is serious . We must dare everything , is - good luck ! if we don 't want to lose everything and so , it only remains to wish every success ... to Operation Vega . Before I come to the events on Venus , I reproduce two conversations of Excellency Gorg . First he talked to me while watching Venus , as big as the moon , but even more luminous . shining in the vastness of space , threatening ... white . When do we arrive , Manner ? In six hours , Excellency . Six hours left , until your mission begins . My mission , Excellency ? The President has commissioned you to watch over me . He 's afraid I could stay on Venus like our commissioners . I don 't understand , Excellency . You 're a member of the Secret Service . Excellency ! You have in your bag one of those micro-cameras with which you can record conversations . I don 't know ... - But I know , Manner . As an agent of the Secret Service it 's clear you aren 't allowed to admit you 're one of them . Let 's not talk of it . We both know ... what 's at stake . The second conversation was with Colonel Rox , shortly before our arrival . It was difficult to record as I didn 't wish to arouse suspicion , so it shows some interference . One question , Colonel Rox . Excellency ? Base XZ 15 , three years ago . You attacked it with spacecraft Daneb ? Exactly . And Red Atoll last year , with spacecraft Altair ? - Correct . Then I think I remember evident that the destruction was total . And both spacecrafts were ... camouflaged as passenger ships ? Strategy , Excellency . Certainly . This is the spacecraft Vega . I don 't claim to be an expert but ... Altair , Deneb and Vega are the names of the summer stars , aren 't they ? And ... Aren 't they also the names of one and the same ship ? Your Excellency is very perspicacious . It 's only my profession ... You 're a dangerous man , Rox . A soldier . Exactly . And aboard . On the President 's request . With some ... bombs like on the last two campaigns ? Wouldn 't know what for , Excellency .. To support the proposal we have for the inhabitants of Venus . I can 't give you an answer , Excellency . - You aren 't supposed to , Rox . The inhabitants of Venus expect a peaceful ship . We 've promised to come without weapons . I was surprised when I noticed that you were aboard , Colonel Rox , but as Minister of the Free States . I can 't allow myself to think about that any longer . There 's nothing more awkward than a diplomat whose right hand knows what his left hand does . Fasten your safety belts , fasten your safety belts . The Vega is entering the atmosphere of Venus . Let 's forget our conversation , Colonel Rox . Of course , Excellency . Let 's hope that you 'll never have to remind me . I certainly won 't do it . Fasten your safety belts , fasten your safety belts . Referring to the following recording I wish to remind you , Mr. President , that you asked me for a detailed report on Venus . Our impression of Venus when we arrived is difficult to describe and doesn 't correspond with the images we have of this planet on Earth . We arrived at the specified point not far from the North Pole , at the coast of Newton Island . Of course , those features we 'd learnt about the surface of Venus were all there the gigantism of the flora , the horizon full of volcanoes , but it wasn 't that which was terrible . It was the suffocating heat , the humidity of the air , the ever present earthquakes , which move , change , destroy and newly create ... The light which is unearthly , strange and difficult to describe . The sky is without a sun , an oppressive and permanently billowy mash of clouds , roared through by enormous hurricanes , of a glittering silver as if a deadly fire raged behind a curtain of steam and rain ... an impression reinforced by electrical discharges in the atmosphere . On arrival we watched kilometre-sized ball lightnings ... which rattled through gigantic jungles of horsetails and ferns . The ground wavered , trembled . The virgin jungle was behind us , fantastic , dripping with moisture ... before us an expanse of gleaming , red sand and then confused and roaring ... an ocean . We had expected a huge crowd of people , a solemn act of state . Excellency Gorg held a scrap of paper containing an outline of his speech , but all we saw were two men , in threadbare clothes , consisting only of shirts and trousers . They approached hesitantly ... from the beach . My name is Sim . Horace Gorg . Mr. Pers His Excellency , the Minister of War , His Excellency , the Minister for Extraterrestrial Territories , my most important colleagues . Pleased to meet you . Mr. Sim , Mr. Pers . The moment in which we set foot on Venus is for us not without greatness ; not without emotion do we find ourselves on this strange ground of an other planet . The Free Confederate States of Earth , whose representatives we are , know that the ideals ... that the ideals to which we subordinate and by which we live ... can also be found on Venus , even if ... in a different form . And so we can declare with no ulterior motive , that we have come here but because of a spontaneous resolution , according to good old Thomas Eliot ... in his immortal work , that illuminates the conscious in that world ... His Excellency cut short his wonderful speech . We were urged to quickly reach the negotiation ship , which was a kind of primitive submarine . We were soaked to the skin . It was quite a surprise . We had thought to negotiate in a city or a country house . I now reproduce part of the first meeting with the delegates of Venus , which took place under terrible conditions . The commission of Free Confederate States was cooped up like sardines in the submersible , which was vehemently thrown back and forth by the waves . I welcome the Commission of Free Confederate States to our ship . Please excuse the absence of Mr. Pers . He has to steer the ship . The proposals we have to offer are very important . Isn 't there someone other than Mr. Pers who can steer the negotiation ship ? There 's no other . Gentlemen , I propose we negotiate in the capital of Venus . We don 't have a capital . Then a large town . There are no towns . At least a place on the mainland . There is no mainland . The ground isn 't safe enough for any buildings . We all live on ships . Then I ask to wait for better weather . The weather on Venus never improves . There are always thunderstorms on Venus . And this is just a small one . I believe you know a lot about us , but we ... know very little about the situation ... on Venus . May I ask in which way the present delegates are related to the government and what 's their power of attorney . We have no government . What do you mean ? - As I told you . Mr. Pers ! - His Excellency , Minister of Extraterrestrial Territories . Mr. Pers ... If I understand Mr. Sim correctly , Venus does not have a permanent government , but only a council or a parliament which acts in a really democratic way according to the will of the people . We have nothing like that . But there must be someone who governs Venus . Venus is big and we are small . It is cruel . We have to fight if we want to survive . We have no time for politics . Mr. Sim . - His Excellency the Minister of War . You call yourself a delegate of Venus . - I am a delegate . Then somebody must have empowered you . Yes , I did . So you acted on your own behalf when you contacted us . It was you contacted us . We received your radio message by accident . We wanted to contact neighbours and heard Earth . So you were tempted to pretend to be a delegate of Venus . We are delegates . It 's our duty to negotiate with you after receiving your message . Nobody can deny a task , even if he accidentally stumbles across it and doesn 't like it . No , that 's too complicated for me . So someone else would have negotiated with us if he had received our message ! - Of course . And would claim to be a delegate ? - Yes , he would have been . Maddening . Mr. Pers ... Is the population of Venus informed about our arrival ? We have informed the next ship . And ? - We will tell them what we have discussed . And if we sign a treaty ? - We will also tell them . And will the population of Venus respect that treaty ? Yes , because we are the delegates . Is it possible to assemble the ships with the population ? If it were necessary , yes . But it isn 't . Gentlemen ... as President of the mission of the Free Confederate States of Earth I confess I face a situation I didn 't expect . I propose that the here assembled members of our mission return to the spacecraft to discuss the situation . We must decide from a legal point of view if we can negotiate with you , Mr. Sim and Mr. Pers . Because on Venus we can find no legal state and no one who could act as legal entity to sign a treaty , if I , though no lawyer , express it correctly . Therefore I think ... The sixth recording . Discussion aboard the Vega . The spacecraft has again left the atmosphere of Venus and is thousand kilometres away from the planet . One minute longer in this climate and I would have gone mad . We should send the Moruvians up there . I 've never seen a stranger planet . Unbearable . When we left I saw an animal . It looked like a chameleon but 50 metres length . - Indecent . Venus seemed a quite reasonable planet . Each time I talked about ideals , it thundered . And to whom did you deliver the speech , Gorg ? To two stupid fishermen or whatever those scoundrels are who received our radio messages in their leisure time and attracted a diplomatic mission of three secretaries to their lousy boat . It took our scientists years to construct a machine with which one can contact Venus without letting the Moruvians know . A ridiculous affair . As Extraterrestrial Minister I 've always been against this adventure . A distressing affair . A trip of 45 million kilometres for nothing . Let 's return to Earth . One must give up a lost cause . I 'm impressed by Venus . People are free up there . I must warn you . No government . Everybody is able to be a delegate . Astonishing ! Awkward ! It 's always awkward to find an ideal fulfilled in reality . I haven 't discovered anything resembling an ideal there . Is there anything more ideal in politics than not to need one . You don 't want to negotiate with those two scoundrels . Our only chance , Minister of War . Gorg , I don 't understand you . We must find allies . - On Venus we 'll never find them . Only on Venus . That 's what has been convincingly proved in our first meeting by the Minister of Extraterrestrial Territories One moment . On the contrary I 've always warned ... Gentlemen , we shouldn 't lose our heads or we 'll lose them forever . We have misunderstood the situation on Venus . We didn 't know what to expect , but we believed to find something similar to what we know from Earth . Now it 's different The inhabitants of this planet fight a cruel battle against nature . They can have no other interest than to survive this fight , to stay alive at all cost even if life is bleak . We aren 't important to them , but could become so in that moment when we are able to arouse hope that there could be a change in their situation , and could enable them to make it . You 're optimistic . We deal with human beings . They don 't differ too much from us and can be seduced as we are . Do you want to offer them money ? - No ... Something better : Power . What 's your plan ? We accept Sim and Pers as delegates and since there 's no government on Venus appoint them as governors . We can 't install a government out of nowhere . From nowhere , yes . But not without anything , Minister of War . We support the government by power of the Free Confederate States of Earth . I have to warn you . Pers is a criminal . How could we accept a government of criminals . It wouldn 't be the first time . Secondly , we 'll promise ... all Venusians a return to Earth , when they 've defeated the Moruvians with us . Isn 't that a bit too far ? We must go too far if we wish to achieve a major target . Where would they settle , for God 's sake ? I must warn you ... - Relax . Any climate on Earth would be to them ... a paradise . Excellency . What is it , Manner ? And if the Venusians don 't want to return ? - Why shouldn 't they ? Returning to Earth , Excellency . Nonsense , Manner . There 's no hell you wouldn 't like to leave . Think of Borst . He stayed . And other commissioners , too . Don 't worry , young man . I know Borst . We studied together . He was a dreamer with confused ideas . Venus will have changed him completely . You can be sure . How glad he 'll be to return to earth , along with us . And so we returned . The second arrival on Venus . The rain is hot , the sand almost boiling . The temperature is 50 degrees . Coming aboard is a woman . She is clothed like the men , without protection against the soaking rain . Madame , please . Are you Mr. Gorg ? - Certainly . I am Irene . You want to take us to Mr. Sim and Mr. Pers . Sim and Pers can 't come . - But we had an arrangement ... They 've seen a whale . That 's how we call these animals . Though different from whales on Earth . But you can eat them . Most of the animals here just aren 't edible . It 's important for us to hunt whales . With all due respect for these edible whales , which I am responsible for as Extraterrestrial Minister ... With whom do we negotiate now ? With me . - With you ? I am the new ... the new ... Plenipotentiary . Yes , plenipotentiary . Pers has told me everything . We can negotiate in the hospital ship 's canteen where I 'm a nurse . The doctor said it 's OK . But he said it shouldn 't take too long . The 8th recording . The hospital ship 's canteen . Primitive . Wet all over . The nurse left us alone to assist the sick . Let 's return to Earth . - I did warn you . Your plan failed , Gorg . - Really , why ? You appointed Sim and Pers governors and now they 're hunting whales . Never has a diplomatic mission been insulted like this . They 're making fun of us in this stinking canteen . If it wasn 't for the Moruvians , we 'd declare war on those fellows . We have earthly pride , haven 't we . Gentlemen ... I must say that our plan was not like this . Excellency Gorg ... Does this mean you wish to appoint this nurse as governor of Venus ? Naturally . That 's impossible ! A game is only lost when you cease to play it . Gorg , I confess this is too complicated for me . I don 't understand politics anymore . One can only understand the politics of fools , dear Minister of War . Where is that moaning from , Manner ? - I think it 's a birth , Excellency . That 's why Irene has vanished . We must negotiate among women in childbirth . And in this heat . Gentlemen ... I 've brought along my husband . He 's deaf and dumb . A malady which often occurs here . He 's going to eat some soup , we have no other room . Of course . Well then ... What do you want to tell us ? As leader of our mission ... I 'm delighted to communicate that the Free Confederate States of Earth accept you officially as plenipotentiary and so as head of state of Venus . No ... I don 't understand . Yes ... Well ... We completely honour the fact that the inhabitants of Venus don 't need a government isolated as they are from the rest of the solar system . As the Free Confederate States of Earth politically acknowledge Venus a formal government is necessary . The Plenipotentiary of Venus is therefore identical with its government . I 'm a nurse . I don 't understand a word of what you 're saying . That 's not necessary . This is only a diplomatic formality , which allows us the possibility of signing treaties with the inhabitants of Venus . Well ... if you like . I 'm head of state . Well , I propose a solemn state ceremony . We 'll gather as many Venusians as possible . But why ? In order to appoint you head of state . - That 's just what you 've done . It must be done publicly . Besides , the Venusians have a right to know they have a government now , which is internationally acknowledged . I 'm convinced that Mars too will acknowledge Venus . Nobody is interested in that . - My dear lady ! I 'm governor of Venus only according to you . You 've appointed me our representative . By chance it was me , as I had an afternoon off . Tomorrow there 'll be another . If they 've got the time . I 've already said , the whale hunting has begun . One cannot change a government every day . You need a government on Venus , we don 't . A vicious circle . And this heat ! This sultry , eerie heat ! What do you really want ? My dear lady ... Don 't call me your dear lady all the time ! I 'm Irene . Irene ! You have to defend freedom ! Why ? My dear lady ! Next door there 's an amputation and we have no anaesthetics . Not at all . This heat ! I can 't stand it ! Irene , the question why freedom has to be defended is certainly not a question ... on this happy planet . concerning its political situation , but is without doubt on our planet , and will become also on Venus ... if the powers win which are threatening freedom . Since the speech of His Excellency in which he explained to the nurse our point of view , is seriously damaged partly by the amputation and partly by its faulty recording , I continue with the following negotiations immediately . Exactly . Our point of view , our wishes and our offer should be obvious . So you wish us to take part in a war against Moruvia ? Exactly . We aren 't threatened by Moruvia . I have to ask you a question , Irene . Ask away . - Are you by chance ... Moruvian ? Yes , indeed , I was deported six years ago . Without doubt because of sublime ideals of freedom , humanity ... - For that ... No , because I was a streetwalker . My dear woman ... - You forget that I 'm head of state . Dear lady . Once again I promise that the Venusians will be allowed to return to Earth , if they fight for us in this war . We don 't want to return . Dear lady , don 't forget that you speak in the name of everyone now . I can understand that you have personal reasons for not returning to Earth . But there are people here who were exiled because on Earth they had fought for freedom , for a life in dignity : Those will want to return . I don 't know anybody who wants to return . This heat ... This heat ... The Minister for Extraterrestrial Territories has fainted . Examine him , Doctor Manner . We must return to the spacecraft . His life is in danger . I can 't stand it either , Gorg . I 'm sweating like hell and you are pale . Very well , Cos . We 'll leave . Nurse Irene , I hope the Venusians will be informed of my offer ? If you wish . - Yes , I wish . It seems that you don 't understand the importance of our mission . We will return to our spacecraft and tomorrow ... we will ... return . We don 't know with whom we will negotiate then . But we must know with certainty that our offer has been made to all the Venusians . If you wish . I wish . In the cabin of His Excellency aboard the Vega , 1,500 kilometres away from Venus . Now an injection of calcium . How is the Minister ? Poorly . And the Minister for War ? - Even worse than him . And the Under-secretary for Venus had a stroke during the flight . I 'm sorry . What 's his situation like ? Desperate . And me ? Protein disorder . Not for the first time . I 'm not happy with the blood test . Doesn 't matter . - Increased temperature . Because of all the trouble , Manner . - The Minister of War . At first we negotiated with a murderer ... and the son of a subversive . Then with a streetwalker who we appointed head of state . I wonder who we 'll negotiate with next time . I guess with a road sweeper , a sex killer . No , we should look for other negotiators . There are only isolated ships , floating on the oceans and we can 't find them . By radio ? - Nobody answers . What makes me so angry is that nobody is interested in us . Colonel Rox . - Very good . Excellency ... What do you want , Colonel Rox ? Your Excellency knows well . You have come to remind me of our conversation . Of course , Excellency . How many missiles do we have aboard , Colonel ? How many missiles do we have , Colonel ? Ten . By order of the President of the Free Confederate States . By order of the President . I know it 's unpleasant . Many times , Gorg , You 've talked about ideals . In fact you could simply send an Under-secretary with an ultimatum to them . I 'll go , Minister of War . With Manner alone . His Excellency and I were guided by the deaf and dumb husband of Irene to the hospital ship 's canteen , where in the dank gloom a 50 year old man awaited us . Very thin . It is very difficult to welcome you , Gorg . You 're on a very sad mission . You are ... - Borst . We studied together at university . You have changed . - Quite . We read Plato and Kant together . - Exactly . I should have known you were responsible for everything . I 'm responsible for nothing . You were our commissioner . You refused to return to Earth and certainly chose so voluntarily . Maybe to take power for yourself . Nonsense . I 've become a doctor and this is my break . Now I 'm the plenipotentiary and will talk to you . The Venusian commissioner ? - He 's hunting whales . Have you got a cigarette ? - Manner . I haven 't smoked for ten years . I 'm curious what it tastes like . A light ? - Thanks . Are you informed ? Sure . Irene told me everything . Nice , you appointed her head of state . We call her Excellency all the time . Have the others been informed ? We sent messages to the ships if anybody wanted to return . Their answer ? Nobody . I 'm tired , Borst . I have to sit down . I guess you 've got a protein disorder and increased temperature . It happened to us all when we arrived . None of you wants to return . That 's how it is . I can 't understand it . You 're from Earth . That 's why you don 't understand . But you too are from the Earth . - We 've forgotten that . But you can 't live here . - We can . Then it must be a terrible life . - Terrible , but a real life . What do you mean by that ? What would I be on Earth ? A diplomat . And Irene ? A streetwalker . Many would be criminals or idealists , persecuted by the state . And now ? And now you can see , I 'm a doctor . And you operate without anaesthetics . This cigarette doesn 't taste anymore . It 's got wet and is only smouldering . Excuse me , I 'm thirsty . Here . That 's boiled water . That damned light in the portholes , lemon yellow , the stinking steam of this air makes me dizzy . There 's no other air , only the light changes . Lemon yellow , sometimes like glistening silver , often the colour of the red sand . I know . We must produce everything on our own . Tools , clothes , ships , radios , weapons against the giant animals . We lack everything . Experience . Knowledge . Trust in the ground which is moving permanently . No medication : Plants , fruits we don 't know , most of them poisonous . You 've to get used to the water . It tastes terrible . You can drink it . What have you got in exchange for Earth ? Steaming oceans , red hot continents , scorching deserts . A sky that always roars . Which knowledge have you got ? Human beings are precious and their lives are a grace . Ridiculous . On Earth we 've known that a long time . And you live that way ? And you ? Venus forces us to live according to our knowledge . That 's the difference . If we don 't help each other here ... We die . That 's why you didn 't return . That 's it . - And you betrayed Earth . I deserted . Into a hell which is for you a paradise . If we returned we would have to kill . because for you helping and killing is the same thing . We can 't kill any more . We have to be reasonable . You also are in danger . If the Moruvians defeat us , they 'll come here . We aren 't afraid . Your estimation of the political situation is wrong . You forget that we are a penal colony . Mankind is beginning to fight ... for the best places and precious property ... not for the landfill which belongs to all . You only need us like horses for your carriages of war . As soon as war is over even that reason is missing . You can send us here , but you can 't make us return to Earth . You 've no power to order us . You kicked us out of humanity . Only Venus is more terrible than you . Whoever arrives here has to obey Venus whatever their position is . There is only one freedom , that of Venus . The freedom to snuff it . The freedom to do what is right and to do what 's necessary . On Earth we couldn 't do that . Me included . Earth is too beautiful . Too rich . Its opportunities are too many . It causes inequality . On Earth poverty is a shame . Only here poverty is natural . Only fear is in abundance , fear of your riches , fear of your wrong life . Fear of this paradise ... which is a hell . I must tell you the truth , Borst . We 've got bombs aboard . Atomic bombs ? Hydrogen bombs . With a cobalt shell ? - With a cobalt shell . I thought so . - I didn 't know . It was on the President 's command . I was surprised when I found out about it yesterday . I believe you . It 's awkward , of course . But we 're in a desperate situation . You can 't imagine how sorry I am . Freedom and humanity will finally triumph . Naturally . We are simply forced to take desperate measures . Of course . - I 'm really sorry . You will bomb us if we don 't help you ? - We have no choice . We can 't stop you . - Then you 're lost . Many of us . Others will escape . We warned all the ships when you arrived . Before we lived closely together , but now we live spread across the planet . You guessed it all . Like you , we 've lived on Earth . I must go . You will need some rest , when you return to Earth . Go to Switzerland ... To Engadin . I spent my last summer there , 15 years ago . I 'll never forget how blue the sky was . But , I 'm afraid ... The political situation ... - Of course , your political situation . I 'd quite forgotten . You 've got family on Earth . Your wife and two sons . have you a message for them ? No ! Farewell . - Die well is what you mean . My hospital ship won 't escape your bombs . - Borst . Irene 's husband will take you back . We won 't use the bombs , of course . It was only to threaten you . As we can 't force you , it would only be senseless cruelty . You have my word . - I don 't believe you . I 'm not a butcher . - But a man of the Earth . You can 't avoid actions once under-way . Borst , I promise ... - You 'll break your promise . Your mission has failed . You still pity me . But when you return to your ship , your pity will vanish and your mistrust will awaken . Your enemies could come to us and sign a treaty with us . You know that 's impossible , that we would treat them like you . But in your certainty is an atom of fear that we could ally with your enemies . And because of this atom of doubt which eats at your certainty , you 'll let fall your bombs . Even with no justification ... and you 'll hit only the innocent . And so we 'll die . You 're my friend , Borst . I can 't kill a friend . It 's easy to kill if you don 't see your victim . And you won 't see me die . You say that as if it were easy to die . All necessary things are easy . And the most necessary and natural thing on this planet is death . It is everywhere , at all times . Too much heat . Too much radiation . Worms are everywhere which penetrate our skin and our organs . Bacteria which poison our blood , viruses which destroy our cells . We aren 't afraid of your bombs , Gorg . Because we live in the midst of death and had to learn not to fear it . You 're impregnable ... In your fortress made of poverty and familiarity with death . Go now . I admire you , Borst . You 're right and I 'm wrong , I admit it . That 's very kind you . What you told me ... about your poverty and your continually endangered life , moved me deeply You honour me . If I wasn 't a Minister of the Free Confederate States of Earth , I would stay here with you . - Very noble of you . But I can 't abandon Earth , of course . - That 's obvious . It 's tragic , that I 'm not free . - You don 't have to be sad . We won 't drop the bombs . Let 's talk no more of it . I 've given my word . Goodbye . The last recording . Spaceship Vega is returning to Earth . Excellency ? Excellency ? The negotiations failed , Colonel Rox . Then shall I have the bombs dropped ? No . I 've agreed not to . I gave my word . Excuse me , Excellency , but we are obligated to the President . I know . Excellency , the Moruvians could come and make a pact with Venus . They won 't , I 'm certain . - Maybe . But if they do ? Can you rule it out absolutely ? Not absolutely , no . Then , in the name of the Free Confederate States I 'll assume entire responsibility . Your Excellency has to decide . An order from the President . I 've given my word to a friend . And now I kill him . Do what you have to do , Colonel Rox . I can 't change the world . Ready for take off . - Ready for take off . Allow me to fasten your seatbelt . - You 're welcome . Everything OK , Excellency ? - Perfect . Look at me . Red light . Take off in 20 seconds . Failed . And now 10 seconds . Take off . Manner ! - Excellency ? The Moruvians could come and sign a treaty with them . Exactly . It 's unlikely , but it could happen . Unfortunately . The bombs are ready . - Ready . This possibility , as unlikely as it is , forces us to drop the bombs , doesn 't it ? Open the bomb bays . Open . We really have to be sure . Of course , Excellency . Drop bombs ! - Dropped . How is the Minister of Extraterrestrial Territories ? Much better . And the Minister of War ? - Like before . And I feel better , too . Tomorrow there 'll be a council of Ministers . Politics continues . The bombs have struck their target . The effect ? Unobservable . But easily imaginable . All this nausea . This Venus is really terrible . In fact , they 're nothing but a bunch of criminals . I 'm sure that Borst wanted to ally with the Moruvians . They simply tried to deceive us . I think the same , Excellency . Right . Now they 've dropped the bombs . and very soon on Earth , too . Fortunately , I 've got a nuclear shelter . Because of my office . And then ... a short holiday . That 's a Minister of Foreign Affairs in times of war . I 'll only have to give up fishing . I 'll read the classics . Preferably Thomas Stearns Eliot . He comforts me the most . Manner ... There 's nothing more unhealthy ... than exciting reading . Your Excellency has coined a golden phrase . Subtitles : Nitverstan / Tarantoga , Corvusalbus
