 John " . In a little while , I expect to die ... to be killed ... by something ... you and I know is here . Visible - yet moving unseen , amongst us all , each moment of the day and night . There were times when you thought I was insane - but listen to this tape , I beg you , so that you know what it is you have to fight . Or is it too late ? Even if I 'd known what I know now , could I - or anyone - have held back ... the terror ? - Morning , Professor . - Good morning , Alec . - Good morning , sir . - Morning . - Morning , Miss Ballard . - Good morning , Professor Munroe . Did you take the lift ? - Certainly not . - You 'll strain your heart , you know . Baloney . You 'll let me know the moment the Director gets here ? And ask Dr Davidson to come in and see me as soon as he arrives . He 's on holiday , Professor . But I 'll call him in Switzerland if you like ... if it 's important . If it 's important ? I have solved the first part of the formula . So you get on that phone right away ! - I 'm terribly glad . That 's marvelous . - Well , let me know the moment the Director gets here . I can 't wait to see his face . The autopsy report called it haemorrhage of the brain , but it seemed to me as if an explosion had taken place right in the middle of his head . Blood vessels on the base of the spine completely destroyed . Hm . Is this all the report consists of - these isolated facts ? - Would you like a sweet ? - No , thank you . No marks on the skin , no bruising ? Here are those red marks like blotches that Miss Ballard mentioned , but they quickly disappeared . It seems to me , and , er ... I 'm no medical man ... but it seems to me that the damage was caused by some electrical force giving off a tremendous heat . But what from ? Well , it couldn 't have been the lamp , could it ? You mean the lamp he knocked over ? If it was anything electrical , the amount of power involved was enough for that lamp , and every lamp in London . You will find there must be some logical explanation . Well , we haven 't found it yet . We really haven 't , you know . Tell me , what are you really up to here ? Our experiments are directed towards the attempt to harness the power of concentration , so that we 'll be able to project one 's mind with such force , such intensity , that Man can be where he wants to be just by using the power of thought . We believe it will be possible to travel across time and space simply in one 's mind , and arrive , as poor Munroe used to say , in the world beyond the stars . And once you 're there , you believe you can keep yourself safe , become what you need to become to live in space , simply through the power of concentration ? Certainly . By applying the energy from a hitherto unknown source that lodges in the back of all our minds ; the force we call TP 91 . Who discovered that we possess this " energy force " ? Us , or the Americans ? In this kind of work it 's impossible to say ... and , in fact , the formula Munroe was working on was a small piece of the whole . We exchange all our information . Not altogether , you don 't . What do you mean ? Well , I don 't suppose I should tell you this , but I will . In America in the past few months , somethings happened that 's only known to my department . Two scientists , both working on the same problems as you ; both died under the same circumstances and conditions as Professor Munroe . Brain blown out of existence , and this fusion of the neck vertebrae . But why haven 't I been told this before ? We decided to keep quiet about it . If there 's any information , I have the right to know - especially where the safety of my staff is concerned . You 've absolutely no right to take such a high-handed attitude . Lancaster , we 're both doing a similar job here , looking after the staff . I do mine by seeing that they 're safe , and what they 're working on doesn 't fall into the wrong hand . And what else do you know ? Are my staff in danger from the other side ? Was Professor Munroe killed by something they have and we haven 't ? We 've had a report from Russia , too . At least one of their scientists , and possibly more , have died from the same unknown causes . They suspect us . Marvelous . And where do we go from here ? I don 't know , except I have orders to set up all the security measures here . Oh , no ... more identity cards , more guards , double locks on double locks . Where 's it going to stop ? Why we can 't just be allowed to get on with our jobs is beyond my comprehension . Shall we go and have a word with your new chief , Dr Davidson ? After all , he had more to gain here than anyone else by Professor Munroe 's death . He had no idea he 'd be my choice . And I 've known Mark for fifteen years . What a lovely view you have here ! He recently got married , didn 't he ? What 's she like ? - I 've never met her . - Really ? After fifteen years of friendship ? I should 've thought you 'd have been amongst the first to kiss the bride . Shall we have Dr Davidson in now ? I think not . Let 's surprise him . I like to take people off their guard . Gives them less time to think . Are you coming ? Hope we 're not disturbing you , Mark , but Major Clarke wants to ask some questions about your new wife . My apologies , Dr Davidson , but for the sake of red tape , without which I should be extremely unemployed ... it 's my fault . I 've been meaning to ring you but I 've been terribly busy taking over , you know . Not to worry . I 'm sorry , I should have notified you officially about my marriage . Is this her photograph ? Well , it 's not my mother . Have you another photograph ? It would brighten up my files considerably . Very beautiful . She 's a ... alien , isn 't she ? She was born in Switzerland . How are you managing ? Well , I don 't know which is more unnerving - working on this projector being a brand-new husband . As a confirmed bachelor I 'd rather face the unknown than a face covered in cold cream at night and pin curlers over breakfast . As a confirmed bachelor you seem to know a lot about it . When you 're less busy , perhaps you could let me have the details of your wife 's background . Well , I don 't suppose I 'll be able to help very much . I only met her a couple of weeks ago in Switzerland . Oh . Well , perhaps you could get her to give me her parents ' name , and so on - you know the drill . Tomorrow some time ? Oh , by the way , my department has finished with Professor Munroe 's room , so you 're free to move in when you please . I 'll have a word with you , Lancaster . Lancaster , the information I gave you about the American ... I 've put the , er , minutes of that meeting on your desk , Professor . Oh , thank you . ... about the American and Russian scientists ... who died under the same circumstances as Professor Munroe ; I must ask you not to pass this on - especially to Dr Davidson . If his life is in any kind of danger he has the right to know . When the right time comes he 'll be told . - And did you tell Professor Munroe ? - No . Hadn 't the right time come ? No one regrets Professor Munroe 's death more than I do . If he could 've been warned , if his life could 've been saved , it would 've been . And what about Mark ? Am I just to sit here each clay knowing he may be killed , and just forget about it ' ? No one 's suggesting he was going to be killed - except you . What chance is there of the Russian reports being false ? Deliberately planted to mislead us ? Every chance in the world . But I can tell you the American scientists died . And were they murdered ? Their bodies showed that they died from the same shock , but what that was , nobody knows . And until we do , there will be the utmost security , otherwise ... - That 's all that matters to you , isn 't it ? Security . No one must know . You 're all the same . You lose sight of the important things because the endless chase to keep things secret makes you blind to what really matters . What matters to me is the safety of this country . What matters to me is the safety of the individual . You put the State first , and the word " democracy " becomes meaningless . If you put the safety of the individual before the State there 'll be no democracy anyway . Now , look , I must ask you not to disclose any of the information I 've given you . When the time comes to let Dr Davidson know , I 'll tell you . He is now in charge of the project . He has the right to withdraw . There is no reason at all for him to be in total ignorance of the kind of danger he may be in ! I 'll see if I can get you an appointment with the Director , but he 's terribly busy right now ... Have you got the schedule ready for the next series ? Yes , I 've got it right here , sir . And we 've got the names of posted ? - Yes . - That 's good ... good . Amazing how this stuff accumulates over the years . Yes . Mark , would you like me to give you a hand putting all this in the drawers , and so on ? Er , no , thanks . I think I 'd better do it myself , otherwise I 'll never know where everything is . Well , thank you ! Oh , I didn 't mean it like that , honestly ! - What 's going on in here ? - Just changing offices , Professor Lancaster . I thought you might be superstitious . Oh , what ? Sitting in dead men 's chairs ? - There 's nothing wrong in being superstitious . - Well , I 'll do that . That 's all we need , Professor Lancaster . Here she is , working for two scientists , and does she rely on facts ? Oh , no . She relies on the unknown ... what she can 't see but can only fear , deep down . Excuse me . - Look after that , will you ? - Yes , Professor . She 's funny , isn 't she ? - Who do you mean - Miss Ballard ? - Yes ... She 's like a lot of women . Not like my woman , she isn 't . You know , if I were in Security I might wonder why you 're keeping your wife hidden away from all your friends . - Are you afraid we 'll steal her away from you ? - Well , you could try , but you wouldn 't succeed . No , it 's just that ... Julie 's lived a sheltered life and she 's a bit shy , that 's all . It 's all very new to her - England , and things . She needs to get used to our ways a bit before she meets the likes of you . Ah , I see . - I 'm not ashamed of her . She 's no fool . - I 'm sure she 's not . And I haven 't just fallen for her body , if that 's what you were thinking . Look , I haven 't suggested any such thing. it 's only that ... - As a matter of fact , she 's an extremely brilliant girl . Look , Mark , you don 't have to defend her . Calm down . When you think the time 's right I hope you 'll ask me over . Let 's drop it now . Oh , we 'll fix up a time next week . Come in . I 'll talk with her when I get home tonight . You 're a lucky man . A very lucky man . - You left these behind , sir . - Oh , thank you . Is there anything wrong , Mark ? All seems so unreal , moving in like this . Yes ... Hey , look , this book 's mine . Any news of what caused Professor Munroe 's death ? Did the Major have anything of interest to say ? You know the cause . He died from a heart attack . John , everyone who dies , dies from a heart attack . But what made that strong heart of his suddenly stop beating ? What makes you think he had a strong heart ? You know and I know that every morning he came up those stairs like a man half his age , so don 't let 's play games with each other . If the Major doesn 't want you to tell me anything , that 's perfectly all right . It isn 't all right . The secrecy surrounding the whole thing 's absolutely beyond my understanding . Well , at least they haven 't kept it secret from you . They most certainly have . But why ? Oh , they 're probably working on some theory or other . But they must have finished examining the body by now - after all , the funeral 's tomorrow . They won 't bury him tomorrow . What do you mean ? All the arrangements have been made . Oh , there 'll be a funeral all right , and his widow will be crying over his coffin . Only she 'll be crying over a coffin-load of bricks . What are you talking about ? What I say . Someone is keeping the body safe and sound , and I think we ought to know why . This is it . Here it is . Look at this . Yes . Have you found what you 're looking for ? I 'm slipping . I should 've taken your set of keys this morning , shouldn 't I ? Now we 're all in danger of losing our jobs . Or shall we all keep quiet about this ? This was entirely my idea . Dr Davidson is in no way responsible . It says here that traces of Triemorphinide were found in Professor Munroe 's arteries . What is it ? It 's a powerful and totally immediate sedative , a part of the morphine group of drugs . Traces of which were found clinging to the inside of certain space capsules , which had been in outer space and returned again to Earth . - But how could this Triemphin ... - Triemorphinide . ... be found in Professor Munroe 's body when the only other place it 's been found is the inside of a space capsule ? You 're telling me this stuff 's all around us - like radioactive dust ? It 's doubtful it would appear in that form . It certainly doesn 't respond to any Geiger counter . Then what are you saying ? I don 't know . But I 'm beginning to think we 're up against something more powerful and destructive than either of you realise . Triemorphinide ... Julie ? " Couldn 't stay awake any longer . Hope you 're not too tired . Love , Julie . " John . Yes , Mark ? - Are you free at the moment ? - Is it urgent ? I 'm dictating . Yes . Well , I think so . If you could leave it till later , I won 't be long ... No , I can 't . Oh - er - put them on my desk , please . Make three copies of that , Miss Ballard . Oh , er , you 'd better make it six ... and you 'd better send the top copy to the Ministry . You know how fussy they are . Yes , I do , Professor . Thank you . D 'you know something ? I think I 'm going raving mad . Oh ? Not more than usual , I hope . Last night , when I got home , I went upstairs to see Julie . - She was in bed by the time I got home . - Sensible girl . I thought she was dead . - What did you say ? - I 'm telling you , I thought she was dead . She was lying on the bed , with her eyes wide open . I 've never been so scared in my life . I felt for her pulse ... there was nothing . Nothing at her wrist , or at her temple . Nothing . What are you telling me ? A few moments later she woke up ; sat up and kissed me . I suppose you think I imagined it all . No , how could I possibly say ? I do know that there are people who can sleep with their eyes open . What about the pulse ? Well , if you were in that state , thinking she was dead , it 's not surprising you couldn 't find it . I 'm telling you , she has no pulse . And I 'll tell you another thing : she doesn 't blink her eyes at all . Not at all . Now , look , now you are imagining things . It 's quite impossible for that to happen without the eyes becoming ulcerated . I 'm not interested whether you think it 's impossible . I watched her , and after last night 's little episode I watched her even more , and at no time either then or this morning did she blink her eyes at all ! My dear boy , come and sit down . Oh , go to hell ! John ! - Is the Director still here ? - Yes , he 's on the phone . But I don 't expect he 'll want to be interrupted . Garth and I will get you that , Major ... Do you mind waiting outside a moment , Mark ? There 's a good chap . What I have to say can 't wait . Tell him you 'll ring him back . Come in the other office . Look , do you mind if I ring you back ? All right ? I think I 'm entitled to an apology . Uh ... ? - For this morning ... - Oh , for heaven 's sake , don 't let 's be ridiculous . This morning you told me to go to hell . That 's just exactly where I 've been for the whole of this afternoon and evening . In my own nasty , private little hell . What are you talking about ? How long do you think it 'll take before we really find the answer ? - To the project ? - Mm . Oh , I don 't know . I suppose it could be years yet . Generations . Especially now that our work 's been put back by Munroe 's notes being burnt . Yes , that was an accident we could well have done without . It was no accident . It was done deliberately , to stop us getting there . Sabotage ? By whom ? We 're trying to find a way of projecting ourselves into another world through the power of thought ; to land , without having to use the conventional means of travel , on the surface of another planet . What if they 've already done it ? Mark . I 've known you a long time , and in all those years I 've never doubted anything you said because I knew that you were the last person to have extravagant theories . You think this is , do you ? I suppose you 're going to tell me that I 'm tired , that I 've been working too hard ... That 's exactly what I 'm going to suggest . If ever a man needed a rest , believe me , you 're that man . You drag me away from an important telephone conversation this evening , just to tell me about this wild theory . This morning you moon around my office telling me about your wife not blinking . You wait till I see her . Are you doing anything tonight ? Well ... I was going to work late , that 's all . I have had one or two interruptions . Come home with me and meet Julie . - Won 't she mind ? - I doubt it . Will you come ? Yes . And I 'll make sure she keeps an eye on you . An ever-open eye , at that . How did you meet Julie ? It sounds as if it was a pick-up . In a way , I suppose , it was . At the end of what must 've been my fourth day in Switzerland , I was about five or six miles from the hotel ... when I heard what I thought was the sound of the wind in the mountains ... a sort of humming sound ... you know , like the noise that ... telephone wires make when the wind whistles through them it was very much like that , only it was a hundred times louder and it was getting louder all the time . Then , suddenly , the car stopped . It wouldn 't start . Then the headlamps began to dim . Then suddenly the door opened , and there she was . Can you give me a lift ? Can you ? Then what ? I said " Yes , of course " - and you 'll see why when you meet her . She jumped in , and when I pressed the starter it worked first time . What about that humming sound , by the way ? Did you ever discover what that was ? No , I didn 't . I asked Julie if she 'd heard it , you know , just for something to talk about , but she hadn 't . Must 've been something to do with the car , or something ... Frankly , I forgot about it . So would you , if you 'd found yourself sitting next to such a beautiful creature . - There we are . - Ah , thanks . Just bung it down there . Julie ! Got a surprise for you . Julie ? - Darling ... - Hello , my lovely . You 're Dr Lancaster . I 'm so pleased to meet you . You 're our very first guest and I bid you welcome . And I 'm very glad to be here . Your husband spoke in such glowing terms about you , and I 'm happy to say he wasn 't exaggerating . Well , who wants a drink ? Not for me , I 'm still busy in the kitchen . Yours are here . Oh , don 't bother about laying the table . The firm of Lancaster and Davidson will oblige as soon as they are fortified . Thank you . - Cheers . - Mm . This is very nice . - It 's quiet . - Not too quiet ? Julie doesn 't get too lonely ? - No , she likes it . - Hm ... What are you two up to ? If you feel strong enough yet , I 'd be glad of some help . Ah , allow me . I 've been hearing about how you two met . Yes , it was very romantic . This " thing " was staying in the same hotel . So we had breakfast next morning , spent the day together , and the next and the next , until it became obvious that the only thing to do was to get married . Which we did . I 'm very glad to say . Mm , something smells good . It 's been in the oven for the last three hours . I hope it hasn 't dried up . Ah , thank you . Oh , don 't burn yourself . Please be careful . Where do you keep the corkscrew , Mark ? Er , in the sideboard drawer . No - it 's in the kitchen drawer . Alright . Are you feeling all right , John ? Well , who 's hungry ? How about you , John ? Ahh ... Why are you staring at me ? Oh , um ... I 'm sorry . I was just thinking what very beautiful eyes you have . " Why , thank you , kind sir " , she said ... " As she waved her wooden leg . " Good morning , Major . I 'm going to see Professor Lancaster ... I 'll see if ... just one moment ... ! - Major Clarke . - Thank you . I believe that the interest of security may best be served if Dr Davidson is removed , for the moment , from his position as head of the department . And what possible grounds have you for suggesting something as outrageous as that ? I can 't tell you . Well , I 'm very much afraid you 'll have to tell me . That will not be possible . Then I cannot do as you ask . And , in any case , have you any idea what it would mean to his career if it got out that he 'd been removed ? There 's no reason why anyone should know . He can continue to occupy Professor Munroe 's office ... while being engaged on some less dangerous work . I want a reason from you . I demand a reason from you . - I 'll give you half the answer . - I want the whole answer . I think even you will be satisfied with the half I 'm going to give you . You see ... it 's about his wife . Oh ? What about her ? In every area of our check-up , there 's no record of the girl anywhere . Hello , my darling . Aren 't you a beautiful baby ? Mark ! Mark ! Mark ! Ohh ... Good morning , Miss Ballard . Good morning , Dr Davidson . The Director wants to see you . Splendid . Where 've you been ? Shopping , if you want to know . Want to see what I 've bought ? Only , er , don 't take too much of a fancy to it , ' cause - er - I don 't think this 'll fit you . Matter of fact , it 's for someone with a much more interesting shape than you . - What d 'you think of it ? - Put it away . - Or would madame like me to take it to the light ... ? - Put it away ! What 's wrong with you this morning ? I 'm going to send you on leave . Well , thank you very much indeed , but I 've only just come back off my holiday . This is not a holiday . I 'm sending you on leave because I cannot allow you to work on this project for the time being . - You 're joking ! - I 'm not joking . I don 't know what you 're talking about . I 'm telling you in the plainest possible terms . You 're not allowed to work on this project for the time being . However , so that this will only be known between the three of us ... What do you mean , " the three of us " ? Who 's the other one ? - The Major . - Oh , really ? And why , exactly , is so that this will only be known between the three of us , you 're permitted to continue to have the use of your office , but you 'll only be allowed to work on material which is in no way secret . Why do you have to talk to me in that stupid , pompous , ridiculous , civil-service jargonese ? We 've known each other for ... oh , I don 't know - fifteen years ? - And you have to come out with that tripe . Why can 't you say what you mean ? What 's behind all this , anyway ? You know what 's behind all this . Security is not satisfied . You mean the Major 's not satisfied . The Major is not satisfied about the information he has on your wife 's background . Well , I 've told him all I know ! - Well , it 's not enough . - Has he been nosing around ? Now , look - he 's made enquiries and he 's not satisfied . He hasn 't , by any chance , been checking up on your wife too , has he , I suppose ? Oh , no , he wouldn 't have to , would he ? She 's from a nice , respectable English family , isn 't she ! Now listen , Mark , I don 't want to row about this . But you must admit that the whole circumstance of how you met your wife ... well , it was so extraordinary , and you really know so very little about her . Well , you must accept that in a government department such as this , we have to put up with this kind of performance . Meanwhile , I 'm to sit here and play noughts and crosses whilst everyone else believes I 'm still working my scientific fingers to the bone . Now look , it 'll only be for a few days ... It won 't even be for a few minutes . I 'm off . What do you mean ? If you want me , I 'm at home ! Well , I 'm very sorry about this . But it 'll only be for a week at the most , I 'm sure . That 's perfectly all right . Perfectly all right . It 'll give me a chance to paint the bathroom . You know , they talk about these emulsion paints being waterproof but they 're not , old boy , they 're really not ... once the steam gets under that paint it comes off like a huge blister . I know how you feel . I 'd feel exactly the same . But , my dear Major , you told me you were a bachelor . Don 't tell me you 're keeping a secret wife somewhere ? It 's very unpleasant to have this kind of investigation into someone who 's close to you , someone you love very dearly . But as far as my department 's concerned , as far as our files show ... Oh , yes , the files , the files ... So far as we know , your wife may come from anywhere . I mean , she may even come from out there . Oh , Miss Ballard . Yes , Dr Davidson ? If anybody wants me , I 'm in the bathroom with a paintbrush . - Yes . - And if they want to speak to me on the phone , tell them to whisper ... 'cause you never know who 's listening . Miss Ballard . Yes , Major Clarke ? How do you find it working for these temperamental scientific fellows ? Major Clarke . I enter this office at nine o 'clock every morning . I have been doing this for a number of years now . I do my job and I get paid for my job . How would you like to do a little job for me , Miss Ballard ? - What kind of job ? - Keeping an eye on things ? Well , I 'd like to , but I think I would find it rather ... dull ... working for you . Now , if you were a little more temperamental ... Thank you , Miss Ballard . Well , how did he take it , coming from you ? Not very well . But I 'm not surprised . Well , I trust it will all be cleared up to all our satisfaction very soon . So do I. By the way , I hope when he gets home he takes his wife to the doctor . Do you know , there seems to be something wrong with her eyes . She seems to have burnt the skin just under here , and all the time I was talking to her she didn 't blink her eyes at all . Julie ... Julie ? Julie . Why are you home so early ? Oh ! I thought you were asleep . - Are you all right ? - Yes , I 'm fine . Then what are you doing home at this time of the day ? Don 't ask stupid questions . - Have you had a row with somebody ? - Leave me alone . - Can I get you something to eat ? - I 'm not hungry . Is this because of me ? Why should it be ? A man was here , asking questions . The Major . Would you like me to go away until all this is over ? It might make it easier for you . It was all so simple when we were in Switzerland together . None of this would have happened to us if old Munroe was still alive . How long are you going to be home for ? They 've put me on indefinite leave until all this business is cleared up . Marvelous . Yes . So we should have some days together . And I think we ought to make the most of them , don 't you ? Mm ... Poor , sweet Julie . We didn 't spend much time together during the days I was at home . Although I was forbidden to work on the project , it still filled my head during the days and nights that followed . I wanted so much to find out just how far my old chief had got before he was killed ... all his notes destroyed with him . My mind went back to the last time I saw him ... just before I went on holiday to Switzerland . I tried to remember everything we discussed . I went over and over my notes , hour after hour ... until , one night , I felt sure that I 'd come to the same point he had . Hello ? - John ? - Yes . - It 's Mark . - Now , look here ... Yes , I know what time it is ... and I 'm not going to apologise for disturbing you . I think I 've made the breakthrough and solved the first part of the formula , just as Munroe had before he died . Are you sure ? Yes , I thought you 'd be interested . Shall I come round to the office in the morning - or won 't I be allowed in the door ? What about now ? What do you mean , now ? Do you know what time it is ? See you at the office . All right , I 'll be there as quick as I can . - I 'll ring the Major . - Why must you ring the Major ? Well , you know the regulations , Mark ... I suppose so . I 'll see you both there . - Right . - In about an hour or so . What time is it ? It 's all right , it 's all right . I 'm just off to the office . But it 's the middle of the night . Yes , but I 've just got to drop some work in to John . I 'll be straight back . What work ? Why can 't it wait until the morning ? I think I 've managed to catch up on the first part of the formula . I 've been working on copies of Munroe 's notes , and my own , and I think I 'm there ! Don 't go . Just you turn over and go to sleep . I 'll be there and back so quickly you won 't even know I 've gone . You mustn 't go ! Snuggle down and get your beauty sleep . Not that you need it , because you 're very beautiful . Mark ! Mark ! See you soon . I 'll be as quick as I can . Oh ... Mark ! Mark ! Mark ... ! John ? Where 's John ? He said he 'd be here . He will , I 'm sure . I hear you have some good news for us . Is that it ? I 'll have it , if you don 't mind . Oh , it 's no use to you - you wouldn 't understand it from one end to the other . I 'm sure I won 't . But I 'll take care of it , if it 's just the same to you . I can hold on to it just as well as you till John arrives . I don 't intend to hold onto it . I intend to lock it in the safe . There 's no need to shut the door . I know the combination . I work here , you know . Thank heavens for the bureaucratic mind . Did you really think that I was responsible for the Major 's death ? Well , you were kneeling over the body , weren 't you ? And you were the first to find poor old Munroe . As a matter of fact , I wasn 't - not that I have to explain myself to you . Miss Ballard found him first . But what difference does it make who found him ? You know very well from the autopsy report the condition of the brain , the blood vessels and the spine , that everything was hit with such a ... cataclysmic force that no human being could possibly have been responsible . So what are you suggesting ? I 'm not suggesting anything - yet . - But let 's assemble our facts . - Look , we should be telephoning the police . Now , look , let 's - let 's forget the police for the moment . They 're the least of our worries . I don 't think you quite realise the danger you 're in - and Julie , for that matter . Julie ? You see , if the Major was killed like Munroe , it must be because he had the formula in his hands . Isn 't that so ? The formula has again been destroyed , but only on paper . It 's still in your head . How does Julie come into all this ? Whilst you were at home , working on the formula , I 've had further information about the deaths of those scientists in America and Russia , and in at least three cases the wife of each of them has disappeared , in circumstances that simply can 't be explained . Then she must be given police protection . From what ? And that 's exactly what I 've been asking myself . Look at it another way : the only connection between the deaths of Munroe and the Major , and the scientists both in America and Russia , is that in each case the formula was involved . Now , the Russian reports may be false . You mean , they may be responsible , and want us to think they 're not ? It 's possible . But even so , it leads me to only one conclusion . Now , one day you said to me something I scoffed at . You said that whilst we were only in the early stage of projecting our minds through space , it may already have been done , but not by anybody on this earth . Well , now I happen to think that you 're right . What kind of ... creatures ... can they be ? And nothing 's been seen ... Are we to suppose it 's an invisible force , like electricity is ? Like magnetism is ? Well , if our theory about this kind of mind projection is correct , then when we get to another planet and , say , the air is entirely toxic , we would have to become different creatures - without lungs , a different bloodstream - which would make it possible for us to live there . So , if they have come here , they in turn must also be able to move , able to breathe ... even able to think . And the only creature that we know that can think is a human being . Yes . And if our theory is proved correct , to make ourselves equipped to exist on another planet ... our method involves being able to measure the amount of concentration that will be needed . And we can be pretty sure that there must be times over a period when our concentration will weaken , when our voltage , as it were , will drop . And if they have come here and are projecting themselves as human beings , they also couldn 't possibly keep up that enormous power of concentration ... all the time , every minute of the day . No , they couldn 't . In small ways they 'd have to , at times , revert to their true selves , whatever that is . There must be weaknesses in their structure . - They 're bound to reveal themselves . - What do you think the signs would be ' ? Well , they may not be able to sweat when it 's hot . They may not be able to grow their nails . They may have some special deformity . Their eyes may not be able to blink . They may even ... As you say ... they may not be able to blink their eyes . Are you saying Julie 's one of these ... illusions ? Let 's confine ourselves to what we know . You , yourself , were very concerned about her not blinking . That she slept with her eyes open . That she had no pulse . But you 've been to our house . You 've met her . What I didn 't tell you was what I saw for myself . What 's that ? I saw Julie take out the red-hot casserole from that 275-degree oven with her bare hands . Any normal person would have had third-degree burns . You 're out of your mind . You 're talking about my wife ! All right . Let us , for the moment , forget she 's your wife . Forget ... ? ! Now , listen . If you and I were given certain information - and remember , we both have the kind of mind that 's trained not to jump to conclusions - what would your reactions be to all the facts ? What facts ? Well , the fact that she knew who I was when we met the night I came home with you . I telephoned her we were coming . You didn 't . She 'd no idea we were coming . What I saw ... her bare hands inside that oven , the non-blinking of her eyes that you , yourself , told me of , and that the Major also saw ... the burn marks under her eyes ... What burn marks ? The Major told me about them after he 'd been to see Julie . As if she 'd been crying and the tears had literally burnt her cheeks . He was lying . Rubbish . What possible reason could he have for lying ? When I got home after being sent on my indefinite leave , there was nothing wrong with her eyes . No , I don 't suppose there was . She could 've put that right simply by wanting to be complete again . Look , let me ask you this : if they ... whoever they are ... if they can 't keep up this illusion of being a human being , do you agree with me that we ought to be able to reduce their power of concentration ? I don 't follow you . What makes you and I lose our grip on things ? What makes a human being lose consciousness ... ? There are all sorts of things . Loss of blood to the brain , a blow , shock ... And anesthetics . Yes . Suppose we came across one of these ... creatures , whatever you want to call them . Suppose we were - by using an anesthetic like ether , say - able to make them lose their power of concentration . Would they , in fact , cease to exist once that had happened ? Would they lose their human form , and if they did , what would they turn into ? Are you prepared to find out ? Would you allow me to come to your home , and in your presence anesthetize your wife ... so that we could see , once and for all , whether she is a real human being ... or an illusion ? You get whatever anesthetic you like - as strong as you like - and get over to our house as quick as you like . I 'll be there first , to tell her you 're coming and why . And when you walk out of our front door , having seen how devastatingly wrong your thinking has been , I want you to know here and now that from that moment you and I will never see each other again . Why are you up ? What 's wrong ? I was just thinking about how we first met ... That 's a fine thing to get depressed about . ... and how to tell you that I have to go away . What are you talking about ? Go where ? When I sat beside you in your car that first night , I didn 't think about you very much - I was more concerned with what I had to do . You mean , get back to the hotel before they locked up for the night ? Why do you think we met ? Why do any two people meet and fall in love ? I waited in the night for your car to come . Did You ? I waited . I was sent to search you out because of your work ... to kill you . From behind the Iron Curtain ? Because I have failed , my life here must come to an end . But this is nonsense ! You don 't have to go . No one can force you to leave the country . We have each other - no one can harm us . There 've been lots of cases where British subjects have married women from Russia . We just have to ask for political asylum . What do you mean , Russia ? I 'm not from Russia . Then ... where ? Don 't you know ' ? Don 't you really know ? And isn 't John coming here to prove it to you ? I don 't care where you 've come from . You are what I love ! I 've only seen you as a woman , not as anything else ! But I am something else . And now I 'm involved with human emotions ; involved with loving you ... with wanting children . But if you love me - if you 're happy - why do you have to run ? Because I know we can 't ever be together the way we want to be . Wherever we went they would search us out . Look ... you came hereto kill me because of my work . I can give it up . I don 't care about the project . I care about you . It isn 't enough . I can 't bear to see you come to any harm . But they won 't harm me if I give up working on the project . We 'll be safe , won 't we ? I 'm telling you , We 'll be safe ! They 'll leave us alone ! - What is it ? - Don 't you hear it ? Hear what ? You must get away from me ... from this house . I don 't want you to see me die . But you 're not going to die . Mark , I beg you . If you love me , get away from here . Otherwise you will be killed , too , like Munroe and the Major . How do you know they were killed ? But anyway , you couldn 't have killed them because you were with me in Switzerland , and here at home tonight . No , I didn 't kill them . You mean ... there are others ? Julie ... ! Julie ! Come back . If we 're together they can 't touch us . Don 't move ! Julie ! Julie ! Get away from me ! I don 't want you near me . Please . Please ... I told you they couldn 't harm us . I told you if we 'd love each other they would leave us alone . It 's all right , my darling. it 's all right ... Julie ! That I saw this beautiful creature become ... nothing . And whatever destroyed her is coming here to kill me ... Dr Davidson , can I help ? You don 't know what a relief it is to see you walk through that door . I 'm glad , because I really am very sorry about Julie . Yes , we 've been here for twenty years . And so far we have stopped you moving into outer space , and we will continue to stop you with every means . Including killing men like Munroe and Major Clarke ? Unfortunately , yes . And now you . You can 't go on killing . We found this was the way back , not the way forward . But if you threaten us , we in turn will have to destroy . And we will win , because you are weak . You will always reveal yourselves . There are too many of us , and few as weak as Julie was . You call it " weak " to love ' ? You call it strong to give yourself to someone else for this so-called " love " ? You talk a lot about love ; love of freedom , for example . But do you have it ? Do you really have it ' ? It 's an illusion , and we have learned to live without illusions . You saw what happened . We have no time for mistakes to be made . You progress fast . The dangers of your reaching us make it imperative that our powers are never diminished ... not for one moment of any day .
