 The Cybernetic Grandmother 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... speaking ... Grandmother - stop the house is finished - stop - beautiful - stop send the child immediately - stop must be bored - stop ticket ACH0280 - stop - father - stop This is your mother , darling . Father is coming back at 13 : 33 . Special delivery to the Moon . Welcome , darling . I am your Grandmother and I 'm going to take care of you . Your mummy is on a galactical geological expedition . To return on the fourth day of the fourth month . It is good anywhere , but home is the best . Don 't be afraid of me , darling , call me Granny . Got you , Darling ! Grandmother will sing for you : Grandmother loves you . Let 's play together . A healthy mind in a healthy body . Therefore , a game to be healthy . We stretch the body in the Gym . The body is stretched in the gym . Let 's play , darling . Do you want to play a game ? Give that ball to your Granny . Just give it to Granny . Come on , throw it ! Thank you , darling . Let 's play a fun game . Catch it ! Why aren 't you catching , darling ? Catch it , catch it , darling ! Faster , time is money . Faster , time is money ! Leaning out of windows is forbidden ! Don 't ever lean out of the window ! Doing exercises for health . Where are you , childy ? Where are you ? I see you , darling . Call me Grandmother . Let 's move ! Let 's keep fit , let 's keep fit , Chase me , darling , chase me ! It will be so much fun ! Jump ! And jump ! And now something different : a game to make you brave . Climb up , darling ! Tip toes ... That was fun , wasn 't it , darling ? And now : A healthy mind in a healthy body ! I start : We are flying as a bird Metal are our flapping wings Who is scared to fly with us Is nothing than a poor earthworm Poor earthworm , poor earthworm Nothing than a poor earthworm Cleanliness is healthiness . A pussy-cat licks itself A little girl washes herself ... clothing will be cleaned , shoes polished . The head will be combed , hands washed ... And now : a little girl puts on some scent ... I 'll tell you a fairy tale ... sit up ! Now I 'll begin : Brok , Flok and Chlup in the winter , who was the smartest ? Little friends , one ... two ... three They all live happily Brok , Flok , Chlup Moving continually Round the world , jumpingly Hop , hop , hup Freezing , freezing , frost With cold , all feeling lost Light the fire with help from you The cap it turns to red from blue Seeing as the coat is thick It warms us all with this trick Sit still , my child ! No more logs left at this time Coldy-cold with frosty rime With my axe I 'm chopping up you Warm as toast , will be us two Brok now relishes the fire But the fire wants its flames higher ! Hop ! A shock Burned up Brok ... The Fire shimmers , flickering Bitten , I burn immediately ! Where are you , child ? I am telling a fairy tale : The Fire shimmers , flickering Bitten , I burn immediately ! Baby ! Darling ! The Fire shimmers , flickering Bitten , I burn immediately ! I am telling a fairy tale : The Fire is flickering ... Baby ! The Fire shimmers , flickering Bitten , I burn immediately ! Darling ! Attention , a stranger in the house ! Attention , a stranger in the house ! Attention ! The Fire shimmers , flickering Bitten , I burn immediately ! Attention , a child is in danger ! Attention , a child is in danger ! Attention ! A stranger in the house ! Attention ! Attention ! ... Subtitled by Blutwurst Corrections made by Kathy corvus edit
