 WOMAN : Let me die . Let me die . ( OMINOUS MUSIC ) I should 've known he was as good as dead when they wheeled him in . You did everything possible , everything you could , Dr. Cortner . Everything ? Everything except save my patient . Everything in the books . Now , Dad , do I have permission to take over and try things my way ? The operating room is no place to experiment . He 's dead , I can 't do any harm . Very well . The corpse is yours . Do what you want to do . All right . Make an opening into the chest cavity . Apply 100 milliamps of current directly to the heart , then massage by hand . I 'll handle the brain area . - By yourself ? - By myself ! ( OMINOUS MUSIC ) I 've got to work fast , if it isn 't too late . You talk as if he 's still alive . WOMAN : He is ! I just picked up a faint pulse beat . Keep massaging the heart . I am , I am . These electric shocks should stimulate the motor area enough to enervate the heart again . Then he won 't need any external stimuli . Keep away from the motor area . You 'll paralyze him for good . Which would you rather be : Paralyzed or dead ? Don 't try to play God . Some choices are not yours to make . When the obstetrician has to decide which to save , the mother or the child , who plays God then ? - It 's part of the game . - The game ? The human body is not a jigsaw puzzle to experiment on . Still playing it safe like the other doctors , hmm ? Might as well save my breath . Keep massaging the heart . You 've already lost your patient , doctor . I 'm going to save mine . WOMAN : His pulse is coming back stronger than ever . It 's unbelievable . MAN : Nothing is unbelievable if you have the nerve to experiment . I 've been working on something like this for weeks . In your laboratory ? I knew this would work , if only I had the opportunity ... You don 't conduct experiments on people . You should be sure of the results first . I am now . Stop massaging the heart . Let 's see if it can take over by itself . ( DEEP BREATHING ) All right . Close up the chest . I 'm about finished with the cerebral area . How 's his pulse ? WOMAN : Strong and steady . ( BREATHING CONTINUES ) ( SIGHS ) Yeah , you did perform a miracle . I may not approve of your methods but ... I am proud of your results . ( CALMING MUSIC ) That was an amazing ... Even an extraordinary operation , son . But it still is too risky . Too uncontrolled . Saved his life . And the aftereffects , what about them ? You 've lost the urge to experiment . To explore . You don 't explore on people . Before you put a scalpel to one , an operation like this needs testing under every condition . Over and over again . Rabbits , mice , monkeys ! Not people ! That man who should be dead now won 't think so . There 's more to surgery than just being a carpenter to patch up walls . Or a plumber to drain pipes . Our bodies are capable of adjusting in ways we 've hardly dreamt of . If we can only find the key . I 'm so close now , so very close . The key to what ? Complete transplantations . To be able to transplant limbs and organs . To be able to replace diseased and damaged parts of the body as easily as we replace eye corneas now . So that the new parts will join together as though they were born there . It can 't be done ! It can be done ! With my new special compound I 've created , I 'll do it , I know I can do it ! Sure , sure , that 's what you say ! That 's what I know ! I know I 'm close ! Darling , I 'm so proud of you I could kiss you ! Promises , huh ? Always promises . Careful , your father is liable to report us . ( LAUGHS ) And stop the floor show ? When you two are married it won 't be fun to watch anymore . Well , I can promise you one thing . Your grandchildren won 't be test tube babies . You better hurry if you wanna catch that plane to Denver , Dad . And you know that medical convention can 't start without you . Um , Jan , you 'd better check about my reservations . Oh , yes , I 'll call the airport . I 'll be right back . Bill . The line between scientific genius and obsessive fanaticism is a thin one . Now I want you on the right side of it . If I don 't experiment , how can I hope to perform operations like the one you almost messed up ? But I can 't cover up for you anymore . The superintendent had it out with me . He thinks it 's you who 's been stealing those limbs from the amputee operations . So what if it is ? I 've got to have limbs for my transplant experiments . Well , you said test and experiment , test and experiment ! Yes , but limbs and organs taken from people ! I 've got to have them to work with . Sure , I 've made a few mistakes . But I 've learned from them , I 've learned ! Your reservations are all set , 3 : 30 take off . Well , what have you two planned for the weekend ? Oh , nothing much . Just a quiet weekend . Are you sure you 're not going up to the country house ? You 're always sneaking off up there . That place gives me the creeps , I should 've sold it when your mother died . You can 't sell that place ! I mean it 's nice to get away from the city , I can work without anyone snooping around . You spent too much time up there . All right , I 'll see you both in a few days . I 've got to clean up and get out of here . Fine operation or not , Bill , you 're walking on thin ice . But don 't go too far ! Oh , every time you touch me , I go out of my mind . I wanna kiss you . Bill , I wanna get married , I can 't stand not having you ! You 've been wonderful ! Oh , I 'd rather be a bride . In a few more weeks . Then nothing will keep us apart . We 'll be together . Dr. Cortner ! I 'm so glad you 're here . I was afraid you 'd gotten away . There is a very important phone message that came to you , it sounded quite urgent . I have been looking everywhere . It was from a man called Kurt . He called from the country place , and he said something terrible had happened , and he wanted you to come right out . Thank you . Well , you 've always wanted to know what 's kept me away from you so many weekends . Have you got the keys to your car ? Why haven 't you ever taken me up here before ? Because the things I 'm working on don 't need an audience . That telephone call , what about it ? All right , all right , hold off the questions . Why the mystery , Bill ? What 's this all about ? We 'll be there soon enough , you 'll see . - I 've got to hurry . - ( ANTICIPATORY MUSIC ) ( SCREAMING ) ( CRASH ) ( URGENT MUSIC ) BILL : Kurt ? Kurt ! ( KNOCKING ) - All right , all right ! - For God 's sake open the door ! I 'm coming ! ( KNOCKING ) What 's the matter ? - What 's happened to you ? - There 's been a terrible accident . I 've got to save her , I 've got to save her . What is it , what have you got there ? Kurt , please ! Sterilize the tubes and instruments , quickly ! Well , what are you going to do ? Aren 't you going to have a look in the closet first ? - Oh , I can 't now , this is more important . - But you don 't understand ! For God 's sake , Kurt , this is urgent , do as I tell you before it 's too late , I can 't waste precious time arguing with you ! ( ANTICIPATORY MUSIC ) The eyelids ! I saw them move ! It can 't be ! My eyes are deceiving me . What you see is real . What 's done is done and what I 've done is right . It 's the work of science . ( WHIMPERING ) I remember ... Fire . Burning . Let me die . Let me die . I 've had success with transplants , now I can do it for her . Transplant her onto what ? I brought her back , she 'll live , and I 'll get her another body . I can make her complete again . Only a madman can believe that she could ever be like before ! Don 't argue with me . I love her too much to let her stay like this . I 'll restore her as before . You 'll see . Can 't you realize ? Can 't you see ? There 's a pattern to all that lives ! An order , an arrangement . She had a heart , and a brain , and her spirit was in both , not in one or the other ! No . I 'll give her a brain and a heart . Yes , and what of her soul ? You say you love her and ... you can remember her love for you . Then how can you make of her an experiment of horror ? All the skill and science I possess was meant for this . Life has a pattern . The whole pattern of my life is shaping itself to save her now . - Then you intend to go through with it ? - Yes . Sleep , my darling . Rest and grow stronger . ( WHIMPERING ) How long do you think we can keep her alive under these conditions ? 48 , 50 hours at the most . Yes . And you really believe you can work a transplant on her ? Successfully ? Yes . Like my arm ? ( OMINOUS MUSIC ) Withered and deformed . Yours was an early experiment that failed . With her I 'm using my new Adreno-Serum . It must work . I ... I 've got to go now . If the police , or anyone , call , tell them you don 't know anything about it . I don 't think anyone will trace us here because her body was burned in the wreckage . Yes , yes , of course , of course . Look , Bill , before you go , do have a look in that closet . It 's the reason why I called you up here . ( GURGLING ) Keep it locked ! Last night it go so violent , it almost broke out ! Oh , no , not through that thickness . Keep it closed . I 've got to think about her now . I 've got to find her a body . How are you going to go about getting one ? Bill , how will you do it ? There are ways . There are ways . ( OMINOUS MUSIC ) ( GROANING ) ( SWANKY JAZZ MUSIC ) ( APPLAUSE ) ( SEDUCTIVE JAZZ MUSIC ) ( MACHINES WHIRRING ) What took you so long ? What made you think I 'd come ? You know a good thing when you see it . Yeah , there was plenty to see . I liked your act . Is that all you liked ? Well , your costume , what there was of it , was interesting . Is that all ? The rest of the equipment is standard . But , uh , the arrangement is pretty special . You 're no tourist just looking at the sights . What are you doing here , slumming ? Oh , I get my allowance once a week . Okay , if you 're so loaded , you pay for the drinks . I already did . Are you hustling for the house ? I hustle for myself . I 'm the leading lady around here , I can sit with the squares out front or I can relax back here with my friends . I 'll bet you you don 't have an enemy in the world . Hmm ? - ( OMINOUS MUSIC ) - ( MACHINES WHIRRING ) Let me die . ( WHIMPERING ) Let me die . Where are you from ? Oh , around . Just looking around . When you get done looking , then what ? I operate . I get your message , you 're coming across . You could flip any chick in the house , why me ? Well , like I said , I 'm looking . Well , you don 't have to look any further . I 'm not gonna fake it for you . When do you go on again , huh , when ? Relax , I got another show yet . But it could be for you . Oh , I was just asking . Try taking . Are you getting nervous ? I 'm over 21 . Oh , it isn 't that , it 's ... I 've just got things to do . Things to take care of . Well , if that 's anything that makes you sick what could be more important that could be taken care of right now ? Oh , I 've , uh , I 've got to see about helping somebody . Somebody who needs my help very badly . You can 't cut out on me now , baby . Not when you 've got me feeling so good . I 'm so warm all over . I 'm good for you . I know I 'm good for what you want . You may be just what I 'm looking for . You 've got your nerve . Oh , look who 's talking . Why don 't you haul your beat-up body back to the bar with the rest of the flies ? Keep your g-string on . I only came in here to change my clothes . I got admission . Now I 'd like to see the rest of the show . Come back in half an hour and maybe you will . Get lost . Hi , loverboy . I see you 've met the queen . ( LAUGHING ) Hey . Come here , don 't hide . You know you 've got the kind of face a girl doesn 't mind looking at . Even out front all the other girls were asking about you . Get out of here . Two 's company , three 's a crowd . Who 's to tell me to blow if I don 't want to ? This here is my dressing room too , remember ? It kills her to see me make time . You 're the only thing that 's going to be made around here tonight , honey . Eat your heart out . - Yeah ? - Yeah ! Yeah , well , uh , I 'd better be going , hmm ? What for ? Look what you 've done ! You come busting in here with your two cents . Let me see you later . I 'll make everything up to you , I swear I will . Yeah , come on back later . I 'll remember you . Yeah , that 's what I 'm afraid of . ( UPBEAT JAZZ MUSIC ) You lousy tramp . Once in a blue moon I latch onto a guy with class and you mess it up . Eh . What makes you think you had him ? He wouldn 't have you on a bet . - Says who ? - Says me . What 's a guy like that want with leftovers for ? Leftovers ? Why , you cheap third-rate stripper ! ( INCOHERENT SCREAMING ) Let go ! - There . - No ! I 'll mash you like a bug . - Don 't you cry . - Watch out . ( CAT MEOWING ) - ( FOREBODING MUSIC ) - ( MACHINES WHIRRING ) You . Inside the closet . What has he done to you ? I know there 's someone there . Knock once if you hear me . ( KNOCKS ) Then I 'm not the first . Knock twice if I 'm not the first . ( KNOCKS TWICE ) He should 've let me die . I hate him for what he 's done to me . If he only knew what it 's like being like this . Do you know what it 's like ? ( KNOCKS ) Together we could have revenge . You want revenge ? ( KNOCKS ) Yes . You the thing inside , and me the thing out here . My brain is still untouched . And his keeping me alive has given me a power he didn 't count on . A power that you can feel . Across this room and through that door . Can 't you ? ( THREE KNOCKS ) Together we 're both more than things . We 're a power as hideous as our deformities . Together we 'll wreak our revenge . I shall create power and you will enforce it . You , the thing inside . Me , the thing out here . ( POUNDING AT DOOR ) ( LAUGHS ) What 's locked behind that door ? Horror . No normal mind can imagine . Something even more terrible than you . No , my deformed friend . Like all quantities , horror has its ultimate . And I 'm that . No . There is a horror beyond yours , and it 's in there . Locked behind that door . The paths of experimentation twist and turn through mountains of miscalculation and often lose themselves in error and darkness . Behind that door is the sum total of Dr. Cortner 's mistakes . He had no right to bring me back to this . Perhaps not . Who knows ? But you should know ... that before he injected the serum into that , it was but a mass of grafted tissues . Lifeless . It just lay there , weighted down with its transplants of broken limbs and amputated arms . But with this serum , it began to breathe . That 's impossible . Would you have thought possible what he has already done ? Take yourself . He has brought you back . You live ! And only a few years ago , all transplants were impossible . That 's what he 's been doing up here where no one could see his work ? Yes . Experimenting with transplants on that ... and on me . Letting him tear away my flesh time after time , test after test . My hopes shattering with each grafted arm he fastened to me . Watching it wither and warp . Instead of strengthening . Now you see , he 's learned from his mistakes . And you stayed with him . Helping him in his grotesque work that he claims is for science . Was there a place for me on the outside with this ? In a world where eyes would look upon me with pity and people would turn away from me in disgust . No , the alcoholic has his bottle . The dope addict his needle . I had my research . I used to be a surgeon . It was my life . Then one night in the laboratory , there ... there was an accident . They had to amputate my arm . And ... He has used you , too ... I had no choice . He was my only hope . A surgeon needs both his arms , not just one . Well , you see , my transplanted grotesqueness stayed , and so did I. I live only for the day he can work a successful transplant to my body . That is why I stay . Transplant ... my head onto another body ? Yes . And he 's insane with the belief he can do it . But the tissues of my body would reject the tissues of another . Reject it as the foreign substance it is . The transplant would never take , it would never stay in place . My blood 's antibodies would attack it as they attack any invading matter . Yes , but his new discovery , this new serum , may change all of that . This serum , injected into the bloodstream , affects the lymphoid tissues . Here in the neck , the lymphoids that provide the antibodies for the blood that detect foreign transplanted matter . It was untested , untried . Until we used it on you . So that liquid in the blood that 's being pumped through what 's left of me ... is what makes me feel the ... ( LAUGHS ) He may produce results he didn 't ask for . Results ? You mean , like this ? Results more terrible than your arm of relative beauty . Results of power . Of magnitude . Power ? What power ? Can 't you see that you 're at the mercy of every element of the universe ? How can you speak of power ? I have a power . This liquid that 's he 's pumped into me , my brain burns with it . That thing inside and I are in touch . Want me to prove it ? Oh , you can prove nothing . You 're powerless ! I 'll show you how powerless I am . You . Behind that door . ( DOORKNOB RATTLING ) Let me know if you hear me . ( KNOCKS TWICE ) Whoever , whatever you are ... I command you . ( KNOCKS ) You understand me ? I 'm only a head and you 're whatever you are . Together we 're strong ! More powerful than any of them . - ( ANTICIPATORY MUSIC ) - ( DOOR CREAKING ) What are you running from ? What 's wrong with you ? Oh , it 's you . There 's something wrong , something beyond control in that room . There 's nothing beyond my control . She 's alive and I 'll keep her alive until I find her a body . I can 't talk anymore , I 'm tired , I 've got to go to sleep . Then you ... you didn 't find her a body ? Well , I 've got to be careful . I can 't afford to be identified as the last person seen with a girl before she disappears . Do you think you 'll get one ? There are many things left for tomorrow . ( SWANKY JAZZ MUSIC ) Hi , I was about to call a cop the way you were looking me over . How have you been , Bill ? Oh , just fine , Donna . I haven 't seen you for quite a while . Too long , I 'm still waiting for that call you once promised me . Ah , you know how it is with interns . All work . All work and no play even makes for dull doctors . You 're gonna lose that bedside manner of yours . Say , how about a little side course in anatomy ? - Yours , anytime ! - No , not mine . A Body Beautiful contest , you know , bathing suit models , plenty of females on the hook . Your eyes will have a field day , interested ? Oh , why not ? You 're just what the doctor ordered . Come on , jump in . Ah , on second thought ... I just remembered I 've got to stop by my place and take care of a few things . It 'll only take a minute . You don 't mind , do you ? I always follow the doctor 's orders . Anything you prescribe , I 'll take . That 's what I like about you , Donna . Always so obliging . Hey , Donna , where are you going , what 's the hurry ? Hey , Jeannie , we 're going to look for some bodies . - You mean the contest ? - Yeah . - Got any room for me ? - Oh , sure , plenty . Bill , this is Jeannie Reynolds . Jeannie , this is Dr. Bill Cortner . - Hi . - Hello . - Hop in , first we gotta stop off at his place . - Sure . Well , as a matter of a fact , that can wait . Now that there 's two of you , it will have to wait . Guess he thinks there 's safety in numbers . Oh , this time there is . We promise not to hurt you . And I promise not to hurt you . ( LAUGHING ) ( CAR ENGINE REVVING ) ( CHATTERING ) - Oh , Bill , there 's a seat . - Oh , there looks fine . ( APPLAUSE ) Oh , thank you . Thank you , ladies and gentlemen . Well , it looks like we 're about ready to go . Backstage are five of the girls who have reached the contest finals , and we are here to choose Miss Body Beautiful . Now we 've eliminated everyone except the five finalists and they will be judged solely by your applause . So let 's bring them on . First ... Helen Appleton . ( APPLAUSE ) ( SWANKY JAZZ MUSIC ) Betty Brockton ! ( APPLAUSE ) Terri Lund ! ( APPLAUSE ) Peggy Howard ! ( APPLAUSE ) She has the second nicest body I 've ever seen . - What , second to you ? - No , another girl , a figure model . You remember that one in school , years ago . The one who had the accident . Oh , yeah , yeah , Doris , uh ... - Doris Powell . - Yeah , is she still around ? Few people see her nowadays . She just stays in her studio posing for art classes and camera bugs . ( FOREBODING MUSIC ) ( THINKING ) A figure model . Poses for art classes . The nicest body she 's ever seen . The nicest body . Maybe this is the one . She 's got to be ! I can keep Jan alive only for a few more hours . I 've got to find her a body . He ... he intends to kill somebody . To rob them of their body . Do you hear me ? ( KNOCKS ) Yes , you hear me . You know how Bill 's egotism drives him on and on . To infamy upon infamy . How can good ever be born of evil ? ( KNOCKS TWICE ) Yet he claims his work is for science . For humanity . To be joined to flesh not your own . What 's human in this ? Of how you must exist ? Locked behind that door . We 've got to stop him ! ( LOUD KNOCK ) ( SWANKY JAZZ MUSIC ) - Okay , boys , I 've had it for today . - Come on baby , one more . - Just one more , please ! - Another five minutes , baby ! - Time 's just about up anyway . - Okay . Say , Doris ? Would you like to have a drink with me ? Just you and me , away from everybody , some place where nobody will butt in , where you and I can really be alone . No , thank you . How about posing for me , private-like ? I 'll pay you real money , real good money . The kind of money they don 't throw at you everyday and for doing hardly nothing at all . I do my posing for classes only , Wednesdays and Saturdays 8 : 00 to 10 : 00 . - Yeah , I know , but we can ... - Goodnight . See it all , mister ? The show 's over . Next time bring a camera and buy a ticket . I 'm not running a charity ! You don 't remember me , do you , Doris ? Every guy on the make gives me that same tired line . I 'm Bill Cortner . Bill Cortner . Long time ago , that fight . - You almost tore that wise guy apart - for making fun of me . After my accident . Look , uh , can 't we go somewhere and talk ? No , I don 't date men . Because I pose like I do , your mind works overtime . You get ideas . You 're all alike . No , not all of us . I 'm not on the make for you . Okay , so maybe you 're better than most . Maybe not . I still hate all men . I hate them for what one did to me once . Have you forgotten ? Well , have you ? No , I haven 't forgotten . Well , neither have I. I carry the memory around with me . Yeah , but you can 't hide yourself away here forever . Posting bare in front of a bunch of neurotics . Listen , Galahad . I trusted a man once , all the way ! What did it get me ? He gets his head full of jealous lies and I get ... - You 've got to forget what happened ! - How can I forget ? I carry the memory around with me . - Permanently ! - ( OMINOUS MUSIC ) Am I so appealing to you now ? Still so interested ? Doesn 't it make you sick ? You don 't even turn away from me , like everyone else does . To me you 're not ugly . I see only beauty in you . You have a lovely body and a face that can be made beautiful again also . Yeah . I 've heard that song before . I 'm a doctor , I know . My father is one of the leading plastic surgeons , if anyone can help you , we can , I know I can . I 've been to doctors , it 's no use . The scar tissue 's too deep . No one can help me ! Ah , ah , that was a few years ago . Today nothing is hopeless . Yeah , we can graft scar and skin tissue that ... Why we can even freeze areas of the skin , and sand away damaged skin tissues . The way you say that , that look in your eyes . I almost wanna believe you . I almost wanna believe you ! Well , then start believing , hmm ? Even if your father could help me , I couldn 't pay him the kind of money it would take . Oh , don 't talk about money , he does a lot of work without any charge . Why should you wanna do this for me ? What 's in it for you ? I 'm gonna make your face beautiful again , cut it off and give your body away . ( LAUGHS ) I 'm sorry . Bill ... I have been knocked around so many times ... I 've lost count ! It 's tough living with this . I don 't mean to sound ungrateful . Well , because you 've been battered around , don 't go sour . You shouldn 't lose your trust in people . Not all of us . I believe you , I want to . Do you really think something can be done ? Only my father knows . Look , we have a country place just out of town . He 's visiting for the weekend . I could take you there now for a consultation . You mean tonight ? Well , if you 'd rather wait till he comes back , if he comes back . No , no , I mean , he wouldn 't be annoyed , being bothered with me so late at night ? Well , you let me do the worrying , huh ? I 'll do anything that 'll help me get rid of this face . Well , that 's where I come in . Remember the last time I helped you ? Where are you going ? Who are you calling ? My girlfriend , I want to tell her the news . Before you know what the verdict is gonna be ? ( OMINOUS MUSIC ) You 're right , I shouldn 't talk until I know what 's going to happen . My girlfriend , she 's supposed to drop in later , - I 'll have to leave her a note or something . - Well , just tell her you 'll see her later . Otherwise she 'll ask a lot of nosy questions . We wanna be sure first . - Just throw something on , huh ? - I 'll be with you in a minute . Just tell her you 'll keep in touch . I 'll leave it on the table , she 'll see it . Had to go out with old friend Bill Cortner . I 'll call you tomorrow , Doris . Here . I 'll leave it on the lamp . She 'll see it , won 't she ? That 's the first place she 'll look . I 'll leave the lights on for her . Hmm . I have waited so long for this . So have I. ( DOOR CREAKING ) ( BANGING ) Again ! Hit it again ! ( DOOR BANGING ) I 've got to see your hideousness . And you 've got to see mine . I wonder which of us is more awful . Nothing you can be is more terrible than what I am . A head without a body . A head that should be in its grave . I hate him . I hate him for what he 's done to me . Can your horror match mine ? ( DOOR BANGING ) Quiet , someone 's coming . I have come to feed your friend . While you feed yourself with hate , it prefers food . Your former sniveling fear becomes you more . Eh . What makes you think I 'm afraid of what 's in there ? Or of you ? A mere head in search of a body . People fear what they don 't understand . And what they can 't see . Oh , what are you talking about ? You 're nothing but a freak of life ! And a freak of death ! Why should I be afraid of a few knocks on a door ? But last night you ran . You were afraid of what you imagined lay behind that door . I ? Imagined ? It was I who helped graft together the bits and pieces that were stolen from the hospital . An amputated arm , a leg , a torso . It was I who helped piece ' em together like a monstrous jigsaw puzzle ! And that same medicine that he 's fed to me to activate my lymphoid tissues . Has he fed it to that ? No . No , on that he used an earlier formula . It wasn 't as successful as the serum he 's using on you . But it was enough to allow the transplants to take . If your experiment is successful ... oh , then it 'll be my turn . And what else has happened to it ? What do you mean , what else ? Well , it 's ... It 's mutated some , of course . It 's changed considerably . Why don 't you open the door ? Then we 'll both see how it 's changed . Listen , you . I warned you . You better stop pestering me , do you hear ? I 'm getting fed up with you and your insidious talk . He should 've cut out your tongue while he was at it ! Afraid ? Afraid of whom ? Of you ? No . Not anymore . But of it ? Nor of it . He only keeps it locked in there so that ... it will be safe , that 's all . Safe ? From me ? ( LAUGHS ) Oh , you beast . I hope he prolongs your existence into a lifetime of agony . Then we 'll see who 's laughing at whom ! You miserable fool ! JAN : Get him ! - ( FRIGHTENING MUSIC ) - ( SCREAMING ) - Get him ! - Oh , my arm , oh ! ( SCREAMING ) Kill him ! ( GASPING ) ( LAUGHING ) ( GASPING ) You and your father live here ? Only on weekends when we wanna get away from the city . This place certainly is lonely . Well , the further from prying eyes the better . I mean it 's nice and quiet here , we can get away from the noise and telephones . Oh , I guess it is . Well , sit down , sit down , I 'll fix us a drink , huh ? My father should be back soon . You mean he 's not here now ? Oh , come on now , Doris . Do I look like a maniac who goes around killing girls ? Now , you 've got to learn to trust people . Well , people like me , really . Oh , I 'm sorry . I trust you . I trust you with my life . Well , I can 't ask for anymore than that . I 'll be right back . ( OMINOUS MUSIC ) ( GASPS ) Oh , I was beginning to think you 'd forgotten about me . Forgotten you ? Oh , Doris , you 've become very important to me . Very important . I put a little water in it , so it wouldn 't be too strong for you . Fine , I 'm not a very heavy drinker . Neither am I. Well , um , here 's to your future . Whatever it may be . I 'll drink to that . ( GLASSES CLINK ) ( MACHINES WHIRRING ) ( SWANKY JAZZ MUSIC ) Oh , it 's getting awfully warm in here . ( SWANKY JAZZ MUSIC ) I feel kind of funny . Bill ? You put something in my drink ! Didn 't you ? ( GLASS SHATTERING ) I told you I 'd bring you a body . A beautiful one . Soon it will be yours . JAN : Bill , you can 't ! Yes , I can ! I want you as a complete woman , not part of one . Is it a crime to wanna keep you alive ? Is it a crime for science to jump ahead by years ? This kind of thing must be done . When it 's over , you 'll see . I 've got to hurry now . The drug will wear off soon and she 'll be awake . When she does come to , it will be your head consciously awakening for her . ( ANTICIPATORY MUSIC ) You must be stopped ! You must ! And who 's going to do it ? Now it 's got to be quiet here . You can 't stop me . Very well . ( BANGING ON DOOR ) ( BANGING ) - ( RUMBLING ) - ( GASPING ) ( CHEMICALS EXPLODING ) ( SCUFFLING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( FIRE CRACKLING ) ( SCREAMING ) I told you to let me die . ( JAN LAUGHING )
