 when Columbus discovered America a series of mysteries arose to confound the scholars of Europe here are two continents completely isolated from each other yet they simultaneously developed similar cultures for example the Mayans measured time on the same principle as the Gregorian calendar of Europe they use the same signs of the zodiac the same decimal and mathematical system they valued silver and gold using both for jewellery and barter another mystery was the banana plant a native of Asia that cannot be grown from seed yet Columbus found it thriving in the New World elephants at that time , did not exist in the Americas yet their likenesses were cleaved on the walls of prehistoric caves in Peru the pyramids in Mexico and in Egypt were built on identical architectural principles then there was the striking resemblance of a witch of Spain and the witch depicted in the New World but the most significant all Mayan and Aztec legends shared with Greek and Hebrew and the Syrian literature an account of a terrible deluge a deluge many believe had destroyed the link the mother empire that had spread her civilization to both sides of the Atlantic the Greek scholar Plato recorded this theory first over two thousand years ago There was once , another continent Atlantis the lost continent I have a bite Look father there maan-aamuu What ? come back Dimitrius , come back it is a trickery of sirens be careful don 't touch her by the trident of Neptune a mermaid the flask who are you ? who can she be ? she is not one of our people I do not know , but no fisherman of our village ever came home with a catch like this father where is this miserable hovel and why do I wear the garb of slaves ? you 're in Greece and this is our home the robe is mine you dressed me ? someone had to do where are my robes ? this cloth offends my skin they were wet , I hung them to dry our fare is simple , come break bread with us and tell us your story your food tempts me not as you wish my little mermaid I 'm not your little mermaid I 'm a princess Princess Princess Antilia , daughter of King Kronos and where is this kingdom of yours princess ? in the great sea behind the pillars of Hercules Pillars of Hercules there is nothing beyond the world ends there you doubt my word , fisherman have you ever been beyond them had we , we won 't be here do not touch me you smell of fish we should we are fishermen now listen and listen well princess in our land we have no kings no king 's daughters no slaves we are all free men treating one another as we would be treated ourselves my son and I rescued you from the sea delivered you to safety our humble beds you shared yet we received insults in return if our home is a hovel our weave too coarse our food tempts you not Royal Princess bestow the honour of your presence on someone else you may help me now you may help yourself come Dimitrius there are fish to be caught good evening Petros you 're all right , Antilia ? of course , why ? your face so pale you look sick where is Dimitrius ? spreading the nets to dry I will help him she is sick Dimitrius oohh now neither you nor I have anything to hide will you hand me my robe or shall I climb aboard as I am why you there in the sunset is Atlantis my home land of wonders beyond compare take me to it Dimitrius my father will shower you with riches Antilia , all the riches I desire I already possess all save one one you 'll never possess fisherman Antilia Antilia stand back - sit down - aah you must be mad there 's a law against stealing a boat I 'm going home and no law will hinder me many men have tried many good seamen sailed on to the sunset but none has ever returned Antilia not one - are you afraid ? - yes . and rightly so endless terrors lurk beyond the great pillars I 'd rather chance it and die then live in your village another day I 'll forget this foolishness I 'll now let you go very well take me back there are other men , braver ones , who will beg for the privilege of doing my bidding put me ashore and watch me choose my travel companion listen Antilia I 'll take you but only on my terms before the space of one moon , I do not sight your land we will return to my land but wait that 's not all and when we return you 'll become my dutiful wife for evermore as you say , Dimitrius Antilia I can no longer tell east from west north from south We must shore the sail and wait a while no need for that this will guide us it points always to the north my father would call it sorcery it 's no sorcery it 's science Dimitrius it 's time we ate no food just some wine it was only a fish let me fill it these are cursed waters we 're turning back I don 't bemoan in my Captain regrets his bargain it 's not the bargain it 's not the dolphins it 's everything the fog the silence when the wind goes it 's a voice when every thing whispering to me turn about turn about or you 'll never more be lonely ship listen to my lips Dimitrius they too whisper but not doom tonight will bring the full moon and there 's still nothing ahead but sea I shall hold you to your promise I will keep it we turn back then ? not yet our bargain is for one moon no more no less Dimitrius . Yes ? is the edge of the world at the Pillars of Hercules ? no and have you found unknown terrors lurking behind every wave ? well well I did see King Neptune but you did not truly see him perhaps not have I earned your trust ? forever than believe me now , my love before the moon dies , you shall gaze upon Atlantis I promise no Dimitrius we 're not in danger we rejoice Princess our gods are kind they bring you safely home with his help , Segenoe a guard take him aboard - the name is Dimitrius ? - it is - fisherman ? - I can handle a net could it be then that you were born under the sign of Pisces ? - sign ? - when were you born ? what stars control your destiny ? the stars are but for guiding the seamen across the seas a man who speaks the voice of a true seaman my name is Zaren this is Segenoe , who reads the stars with a ship like this I would be the greatest fisherman in Greece do you have no ships that sail under the sea ? ah , princess you 're in time we 're about to surface why isn 't my father here to meet me ? didn 't you send word to him ? the moment we discovered you but he is not well he is waiting for you at the palace pull him off e will be judged . what is this ? let go of me let me go father father Antilia my child they told me you 're ill ill I 've been my dear with grief and worry even though the stars foretold your safe return do the star also foretell that a stranger would return with me ? a stranger you are you saying ? yes father a wonderful stranger to whom you will give my hand in marriage but I had hoped you and Zaren I never loved Zaren and never will but wait child we 're forgetting the law for me you will change it do not worry , my dear it may take a little time until then it is best you do not see each other but now now I have a thousand questions thank you thank you for saving my life your face I 've not seen it before I 'm Dimitrius the fisherman I 'm Xandros a sailor Xandros from my homeland ? yes and the others all these strange men where are they from ? from lands I never knew existed mostly seamen like you and I blown off-course ship-wrecked washed ashore we sought sanctuary but found instead whips and chains how long ago ? a lifetime of suffering ago one loses count of time here I will not be here long enough to lose count those were my very words when I was first brought here to your feet there 's work to be done come ... come once they were men young and strong like you but how can it be ? they are monsters how it is done I do not know but in this foul land their cruelty is beyond belief time and again someone is taken away without warning where ? the house of fear if ever seen again they are beasts of burden show him what to do learn well and learn soon or you 'll feel the bite of this what is that ? crystals born in the crater capture the energies of the sun the little ones are used for heat and light the big one ? could destroy the world go on , slaves no , no , no ... one moment your highness clear these slaves out of the way into the ditch all of you get back move along forgive this your highness they 'll have the filth cleared from your path in a moment a gift for the Princess you insolent slave where is that pig ? your trusted Zaren has lied to us he 'as put the man who saved my life in chains I want him punished but it was I who gave order to enslave the Greek you his majesty had no alternative with what right do you speak for your king ? what does he mean ? the law the law compels us to enslave foreigners and you my princess raised in the shadow of the throne must certainly respect the law but what of my promises and what of your word do they no longer mean anything ? but he is a foreigner and all foreigners are dangerous indeed princess I 've consulted the stars they do not fail you see my dear in fact the Greek should have been put to death yet I spared him surely this is no way to show gratitude to the man who not only saved the my life but risked his very own princess you are unduly alarmed he can always gain his freedom through the ordeal of fire and water he wouldn 't survive you know it father please you enslaved him free him now you 've changed when I left you was strong you were a king it 's you who have changed I wish I could help my child the law must be obeyed again you presume to speak for your king one would think you wear his crown indeed you do oh Azor here 's our little new sanatorium what has Zaren done to my father ? and what have I done to Dimitrius I know little one come with me your prayers are wasted here these gods are false with hearts of stone Azor such talk is heresy it 's the truth come up there my child there dwells the one true God who created all living things the true God is the moon ? no Antilia His hand fashioned the moon and sent it spinning through the galaxies of stars that same hand moulded the earth with its high mountains and deep seas He gave life to you and to me pray to Him Antilia He will listen to your prayers the earth moved again last night and gave us more work do remove his chains he will come with me wait here my orders are to not let him out of my sight only nobles may pass through these doors what this is the Greek is no noble neither is he an Atlantean the gods do not recognize the presence of barbarians and he is one is he not ? yes but I you argue with your gods ? no Holy One wait wait Dimitrius why ? you must listen to me I listened once and I woke in chains isn 't that enough ? wasn 't my doing Zaren told me you chose to return to Greece and I believed him until I saw you yesterday then set me free now I can 't why not ? your father is the king who would shower me with riches remember ? he is not the same king I left here Zaren has become the power in Atlantis then ask Zaren he would have you killed if he knew I loved you love you lured me to this miserable country by lies and trickery you accepted my bargain that made me believe you loved me to keep from turning back and all the time knowing I would soon be enslaved is this love princess ? I thought my father was above the law you lie you did not think beyond your own selfish desires at first true when you took me in your arms my heart was yours your heart comes dear princess it is not worth the price I pay give it to Zaren give him your love and buy back my freedom even your words smell of fish hey Dimitrius I prefer the company slaves drink drink now you will close your eyes when you are commanded to open them again you will be a bull every day and every way you will become more and more like one strong strong strong take him away now bring me the Greek and what shall you be ? part mule with long ridiculous ears here ? or a buffalo with great horns here and here but you unlike the others will be able to remember who you are perhaps this would be appropriate think what will amuse the Princess to see you as you really are . a filthy pig yes I 've orders my lord Zareth he allows the Greek a chance to gain his freedom why do they always take my best specimens away from me but he must face the ordeal of fire and water all right take him I 'll enjoy seeing you slowly roasted alive what troubles you Azor ? the doves look at them in the past they always circled the coliseum and then returned their cages now the whole flock is winging out towards the open sea father it is Dimitrius you must stop this I will my dear but your Majesty you can 't disappoint your faithful subjects of course I must not there is nothing we can do by His Majesty 's decree Dimitrius is a slave no more here in the middle of our vast ocean is Atlantis our mighty empire but no ocean is vast enough to contain our might our power our ambitions in the past this one great crystal was enough to supply energy for all our needs but we can not live in the past if we are to survive we must live in the future and as our monument to the future I have caused to be readied another a greater crystal from the belly of the crater a weapon so powerful that with it governors of Atlantis we can become masters of the world you speak of wicked things Zaren do not listen to these words of war it 's the destiny of Atlantis rule the world do not the gods themselves call us the race of masters ? and it 's not also written conquer or be conquered ? conquered by whom ? I shall answer you one country alone may not be an enemy worth fearing but united with other countries could present a strength that would endanger our very existence no Atlantis can not take that chance we must attack them one by one our only assurance of survival is to attack and attack soon No . No . No . let us all be heard You have arms that can repel any invasion any imaginary invasion you can conceive more important we have heired and deliberately isolating Atlantis from the rest the world we should have shared our advances with all mankind the mankind you speak of is good for one thing slavery a country that depends upon slavery for its existence must perish your Majesty noble governors Atlantis long before he came it was written in the stars that a Greek fisherman would reach our shores that prophecy has been fulfilled it was also written that with his arrival the downfall of Atlantis would commence the fact that the barbarian was able to survive ordeal of fire and water is a warning noblemen that we will be conquered by barbarians unless we conquer first I call for war we of the Mountains say war and for the sea war for the River and for science and the animals war war you priest ? let it be war empty ? just as all the others the bees have deserted us strange each morning of my life I 've awakened to the singing of birds now only silence greets the day perhaps it is instinct call it what you will but they sense something something evil a strange breeze now rises with every out-going tide blowing dead leaves out toward the open sea the humblest insect seem to know it carries them not to destruction but to survival even the seeds forsake their mother soil all nature senses that the end is near man alone turns deaf ears to nature 's warnings the princess wishes to speak to you Dimitrius I have no wish to speak to her it is best that you do I 'm here to repay the debt I owe you tonight at moon-rise a fishing fleet sets sail from the north harbour be there one ship bears the king 's crest the captain will waiting for you he will take you aboard and set you ashore at the pillars of Hercules you must find your own way from there Antilia if you suspect treachery set your mind at rest the words I spoke when last we met they were words of anger forgive me thank you Antilia you owe thanks to no one your farewells were said quickly she loves you I wish that were true I 'm leaving Antilia told me so in trust you want me to stay ? to remain in Atlantis is to die none will be spared and doomsday is not but no one can foretell the future not even a holy man I was not always a priest my son in the days when Atlantis was a just and noble land I was well versed in the sciences but I hid my eyes when she began to using her great knowledge for evil and fashion gods after her own scientific achievements for this we will die the true God will destroy Atlantis but why do you stay Azor ? because guilt rests heavy on my heart we created wonders for the good of mankind then turn them into monsters the crystals capture the rays of the sun 's rays store the energy . they seem identical yet vary greatly in function now this is a model of the original invention it 's purpose provides warmth and light comfort feel it now see what they 've done with it that urn Zaren now builds one that has a thousand times more power within a moon it 'll be ready and with it he will subjugate the world why 're you telling me this ? you can warn the world your own people when you reach home but that defence have we ? none and if I stay what can I do to halt Zaren 's plans nothing now but tomorrow may bring your chance I cannot wait until tomorrow my ship leaves tonight Dimitrius don this seaman 's garb it 'll make your boarding easier farewell Azor God shield you my son all my calculations add up to the same conclusion on the next full moon you must depart for conquest it 'll give me little time to finish the crystal it is the only date the stars favor it 'll be ready one man Dimitrius wishes to see you my lord let him enter you need my help why would I need the help of a slave ? forgive my stumbling tongue a free man I 'm also a fisherman who knows the waters and lands you do not know I can lead your ships safely through the Pillars of Hercules into the hidden sea I can add colour to the darkness of you chart why this change of heart ? other slaves would rather face death than give us guidance I 've tasted luxury and groomed an appetite for it your friends in the dungeon will call you traitor let them I can find comfort in silver and beaten gold well ? are we to bargain with slaves ? he will bring us disaster you must excuse our impetuous astrologer a bargain it is proceed Dimitrius let me see you change the face of the world what do you think map-maker ? well my lord is aware that none of our ships has ever returned from the hidden sea they must have perished on the treacherous reefs or in the shifting currents of the Pillars of Hercules we therefore possess virtually no knowledge only speculation but chance favours this being a trustworthy guide I 'll wager not one detail is correct we 'll soon see guard you traitorous dog you traitor remove him you stinking filthy traitor you filthy traitor you swine you stinking traitor I 'll take my pay now of course , Dimitrius this is only a sample my generosity I may have need of your services again I would never this Greek he lies with every breath dwell with your stars Segenoe and let matters importance rest in my hands I trust men who put wealth above honour another warning I measure the lava every day it rises steadily a sea of boiling devastation below Atlantis straining at the throat of this sleeping volcano waiting for beginning of the end when is the end Azor ? soon after the next full moon soon after Zaren and his warriors have set sail to conquer the world what if Zaren is delayed this conquest can never take place my lord Zaren waits impatiently you should have been here before this look another delay there is little time left and the slaves grow lazier by the hour they can 't help me you must help me what can you do ? nothing but you a man of wisdom must surely know a way there is a limit to man 's endurance these men has reached that limit they must rest our priest has a splendid remedy indeed I have a even better one captain escort them to the gallows that will cure the others the gallows is not the answer Zaren listen to a man that was once a slave what is your remedy ? put me in charge then what would you do ? put up a camp nearby the dungeon is far away the slaves weary before they begin their daily tasks remove their chains discard the whip give them decent food ridiculous why should I grant such insane demands you have no choice very well of course my services are not without a fee you have sampled my generosity you can rely upon it again but if you fail I will succeed I 'm awake Xandros the others are waiting they believe as I that Dimitrius did not betray his friends we 're all eager to help you with your plan I 've been thinking wishing I could do something to help you there is nothing you can do nothing anyone can do it slowly eats it 's way through the will the mind 'til are no longer human in the end I must be locked up with the others come we must be on our way I want to help you while I still can remove the wedge hurry - hurry set it a bit deeper hurry hurry volcano awakes hurry hurry destroy the crystal hurry hurry before the full moon hurry hurry before Zaren sees hurry hurry come up lava soon soon crystal be damned damn damn Zaren * * * * oh no hurry hurry hurry hurry I want to be your wife Dimitrius I love you take me away I can 't your boat waits in a secret cove let 's leave Atlantis and never return I have wronged you Dimitrius I know no that 's not it Antilia believe me what is it then ? I can 't tell you not yet very well leave me behind if you will but you must leave Atlantis at once as soon as you 've finished your task Zaren will kill you that 's a chance I must take please princess leave now the sun will soon rise and he needs rest trust me Antilia volcano awake covers more , covers more come up lava hurry more hurry more our days are numbered hurry more hurry more destroy the crystal hurry more hurry more there there no this way quick cover the entrance they mustn 't find the shaft there they are go get them kill them all don 't let them get away where 's Greek ? he can not be far find him free yourself the end has come to the harbour board the ships insolent gravel they 're going into my palace follow me oh no Antilia Antilia we 're trapped no escape there the harbour is sealed it 's * * * of the lava here this way damn Atlantis is gone but free men wise men carried the culture from the mother empire to the four corners of the earth
