 You cheered at the western parody " Terror in Oklahoma " , and the gangster spoof " Chicago Digest " ... You 'll adore today 's film , while laughing at horror movies . Vera Norman : the moving Lorelei François Patrice : the unfortunate Eric Von Meusenberg Roger Blin : the sinister Doctor Frankensberg Helena Manson : the enigmatic housekeeper Marc Boussac : the evil Fürrespiegel Michel Piccoli : the monstrous Torticola Castle ... castle ... the castle ... First Episode : The Laboratory of Terror 1937 . A small remote village in Pomerania . Young and beautiful orphan Lorelei is forced to give up her studies and take shelter at her uncle and tutor 's home , Doctor Frankensberg . Frankensberg , a man with deep knowledge , devotes himself to mysterious experiments in his Todenwald castle ... Father ... my Father ... The road to Todenwald , please ? At the fourth standing stone , on your left . When will it be ? - She arrives . - At least ... - What time is it ? - It 's the right time . At Todenwald the custom is to have tea at midnight sharp . How much today ? One or two ? No ! Today it 's three . It 's for tonight , isn 't it ? She is coming . It 's best she did not meet " him " on the way . Where are you coming from ? The cemetery , of course . You 've been eating dead people again . You will be spotty again ! Let him be . Nobody is perfect . Torticola ! Be quiet ! He seems quite nervous . That 's the reason . Freud 's " Commentary on a proposition " . You know how he is inhibited by that book ! The creatures of my making are not prone to inhibitions ! Every being has complexes . But it 's true that this one is far from normal With five more litres of blood he will be perfect . Enough meat for today . Eat some sardines . mmmhhh ... good ... it 's good ... I understand your impatience . But I can assure you it 's only a matter of hours ... your five litres of blood are coming . My niece can refuse me nothing . In a few hours ... I will know if a lifetime dedicated to research ... devoted to science ... was not completely worthless . If , with dead matter .. and years of study , ... I will succeed , with these hands , to make A man . Past experiences were not all successful ... looking at this one . Who says , dear Fürrespiegel ... that I did not reach my goal with Eric ? Eric ? Kitty , kitty ? What makes you think I wished for something more than this incomplete metamorphosis ? Ain 't that the truth , Eric ? Fine revenge I have at my feet , the son of my competitor , Von Meusenberg . Your father humiliated me in front of the science academy . But my science was superior to his . I grafted , thanks to my knowledge , a cat 's brain into his only son . As to the brain of this brilliant subject I grafted it onto my cook 's cat ! Uncle Fritz ? Uncle Fritz ? Good evening . Are you looking for someone ? - Good heavens ! A cat that speaks ! - So what ? Would you prefer me to mew ? It 's her ? It 's her . Yes , it 's really her . Uncle Fritz ? My good uncle , if only you knew ! I 've just seen a speaking cat . Why not ? We have here a man that mews . A characteristic nevrostatic complex . Her father surely took away her doll when she was eight . Carry her to her room . You see how brainy I am ! " Commentary on a proposition " by Dr. Sigmund Freud " End of the first episode " Will Lorelei succeed in escaping the snare of the occult powers surrounding her ? Will Eric Von Meusenberg regain his lost soul ? That 's what you 'll find out by watching the second episode of Torticola against Frankensberg ... " Prey of the Damned " Visit Todenwald Ghosts and will o ' the wisps of all kinds 14 June to 14 October included ! Torticola against Frankensberg . Second episode Prey of the Damned Previously ... Lorelei , forced by destiny to take shelter in her uncle 's castle , realizes with anguish that Dr. Frankensberg has evil intents against her . Frankensberg has also created a man that mews , a cat that speaks , and a hand-made necrophage monster , a mere tool in his hands , " Torticola " ! - Doctor . - What is it ? Look at him , he scratches his ear . A good omen . Bad weather will continue and the harvests will be ruined ! Lorelei ? Lorelei ? Do you hear me ? In a moment I will know everything ... Answer the following question : What is your deepest wish ? Eric ... say miaow to me ... Yes but ... Which one does she love ? The man ... Or the cat ? Again ! Those monks again ! Their singing is giving me nightmares . What is the use of science if remorse is barring the way to discovery ? Don 't give up ! - It 's them again ! - So what ? You 're afraid of the reference to the Ku-Klux-Klan ? Where am I ? Well ... well ... There 's no use to panic . Good god ! A man in a chest ! If you can 't sleep don 't bother those who can . Operating Theatre . Apparition . - Ready ? - Ready , boss . Removal " End of Episode Two " Will Lorelei escape her merciless fate ? Who will snatch her from the mad doctor 's claws ? Torticola , a bloodthirsty monster spun from a madman 's brain ? The enigmatic housekeeper , wiped from the kingdom of the living ? You will know by watching the third and final episode of " Torticola vs. Frankensberg " The Monster Had a Heart Ask for your ice lolly and choc-ice ! " Torticola against Frankensberg " Third and final episode The Monster had Heart Previously ... Fallen into her mad uncle 's hands , innocent Lorelei is destined to be sacrificed on the altar of science . The sinister Frankensberg intends to extract her blood and inject it into the monstrous Torticola . Eric , the man with a cat 's brain , another victim of the mad doctor , attends , helpless , the surgical operation ... Excuse me gentlemen ... Did you see the invisible man ? Eric ... Evocation You called me , Doctor ? My brothers , it 's time to die . End of transmission No ! Not her ! Excuse me gentlemen ... Did you see ... The invisible man ? Well , well , well ... Thank you ... Kitty ... kitty ... Come quick . If someone asks for me ... I 'm not visible . Apparition Bring me Dr. Frankensberg 's sleepers at once . I 'm going in my study . Sigmund Freud 's " Key of dreams " Brother , you 're dead already . - And me ? - Happiness makes us selfish . We had forgotten poor Torticola . Lorelei , because of his love for you , He gave up becoming a man . By refusing my blood he proved he was better than other men . Let him now receive his reward . - Ah , my kitty ! - No , please ! Hello ! Good heavens ! A monster ! Custom made for CG by aloysius70
