 This is one man 's alarmed vision of the future . A future which he felt might with such dangerous ease be brought about . Atomic war , famine , revolution , the collapse of a civilisation . And then , in its place , the formation of a new way of existence . This , in 1984 , is London . Chief city of air strip 1 , a province of the state of Oceania . KZ-6090 Smith W. Face the telescreen . You have been at the window of bay 2 of the records department for over 80 seconds . What did you do in there ? I came for a replacement valve for my speak-write . - Your speak-write , ceased to function ? - Yes , just now . You should have notified the fault . Only a moment 's work . I found the right type of valve . Put it back . You know it would have been brought to your work cubicle on request . This irregularity has been recorded . Return to your cubicle , Smith . KZ-6090 Smith W. The repair to your writer will be executed immediately . Correction required as follows : The Times of the 17th of March 1984 . Copy sent herewith contains report of speech by Big Brother . He is alleged to have predicted that Eurasian forces would launch attack in North Africa . Please , rectify in accordance with facts . Good evening . - Your technical fault has been put right ? - Yes , I am able to go on now . " In his broadcast speech last night Big Brother referred in confident terms of the probability of a full scale Eurasian offensive early next month . There 's now no possible doubt , he said , that it will take place in North Africa . Other fronts are expected to remain quiet " . - Extraordinary error ! - The speech was evidently misreported . Grossly misreported . Since the offensive in fact came in India . - South India , three days ago . - Exactly . Such a careless report must not exist . Routine correction to Times of 17th March 1984 . Where shown , quote , In his broadcast speech last night , Big Brother referred in confident terms to the probability of a large scale Eurasian offensive early next month . There is no possible doubt , he said , it will be launched in South India . Other parts are expected to remain quiet " . Reprint entire deck number and file . Stand by . Everyone complete what you are now doing and stand by . There are 45 seconds to go before the Two Minutes Hate . Correction required as follows : The Times of 19th December , 1983 contains report of statement by the Ministry of Plenty . The first here quote categorical threat , unquote of no reduction in chocolate ration during 1984 . Please , rectify . Routine correction to Times of 19th December 1983 : Where shown : Quote . A spokesman from the Ministry of Plenty stated last night that it would be necessary to reduce the chocolate ration to 20 grams in April . Unquote . Reprint entire deck number . Final warning . Stand by , comrades , for the Two Minutes Hate . This is the face of our enemy . Look at him . The Eurasian butcher , the rebel of atrocities , a world criminal . This is the enemy our brave soldiers are fighting in the jungles and the deserts of the polar snow . This is the enemy against whom our brave sailors man their floating fortresses . This is the enemy we can see . But worse than he is the enemy within , the enemy of the people , Emmanuel Goldstein . Traitor to the party , twice conspirator , leader of the invisible brotherhood , director of spies and saboteur , this is he . For Goldstein we can feel only one thing . Hate for Goldstein because he would stab us in the back . Because from his hiding place he helps and directs our Eurasian enemies . Now in this film which has fallen into the hands of the Party hear the voice of the traitor himself . The revolution has been betrayed ! - Traitor ! - Call to death ! Hate ! I was one of the leaders of the revolution . So who should know better the ideals for which we fought . Traitor ! Here , in enforced and undeserved exile I weep to hear of the ruin of all our plans . Go on , weep then ! Liar ! Where today is the freedom that was promised to Oceania . There is no freedom of speech , no freedom of thought , no freedom of assembly , no freedom of the press ! Freedom is slavery ! Freedom is slavery ! Freedom is slavery ! What has remained of the ideal of peace ? Universal peace , peace with our neighbours , peace to till the soil , peace ! War is peace ! War is peace ! War is peace ! The whole of Oceania is plunged in ignorance . Universal and abysmal ignorance . Ignorance even of the most elementary principles of democracy . Ignorance is strength ! Ignorance is strength ! Ignorance is strength ! The dictatorship of the party must be overthrown ! I call upon the people to destroy the tyrant who calls himself Big Brother ! Down with them ! Down with the enemies of the party ! Kill him ! Smash him ! Torture him ! Tear him to pieces ! Down with Goldstein ! I hate him ! I hate him ! I hate him ! [ I hate Big Brother . ] Down with Goldstein ! Down with Goldstein ! Remember what I say . I am speaking the truth . I call upon the people to follow me ! Follow me ! Follow me or die ! - Big Brother ! - Watch over us . You save us ! You help us ! - Our protector ! - Big Brother ! B. B. ! B. B. ! B. B. ! Syme ... Smith . - What is it ? - Are you going to the canteen ? - Of course . - Look , I 'll join you if you don 't mind . Now , please . Come along , men . Them is stew with salt , them is stew without . Now , now , come on , please ! Them is stew with salt , them is stew without . By the way , Smith , I suppose you haven 't got any razor blades . Not one . I tried all over the place . They - they don 't exist any longer . Sometimes people have a few hoarded away . I 've been using the same blade for weeks . Now , men . - Come on , men . - Which ... ? Them 's stew with salt , them 's stew without . Any gin , there ? Give me one . It 's 25 cents all together . There 's a free table under the telescreen . Sit , I 'll join you . Now , men . Come on there ! Them 's stew with salt , them 's stew without . You looked in need of that . The Two Minutes Hate can be quite exhausting . Did you go to see the prisoners hanged yesterday ? No , I was working . The telescreens are bound to show it soon . Very inadequate substitute . - How is the stew today ? - It 's all right . It 's ... it 's very good . You 're hard at work on the dictionary , I suppose . Yes . I 've reached the adjectives at last . It 's fascinating working in the research department . We are in constant touch with our colleagues in New York , getting the language into its final shape . Newspeak . I can see we 'll have a busy time if it becomes compulsory learning all the new words your department has invented for us . We are not only inventing words , we are destroying them . Scores of them . Thousands every day . And it 's beautiful . - Beautiful ? - The simplicity of it , of course . For one example , let 's take the word " good " . Once you have that , what need for the word " bad " ? " ungood " does just well . Then instead of a string of vague extra words like " excellent " or " splendid " , you have " plusgood " , or stronger still , " doubleplusgood " . In Newspeak the whole notion of goodness and badness will be covered by 6 words . In reality by only one word . Don 't you see the beauty of that , Winston ? It was B.B. ' s idea originally , of course . I do my best to keep up with the published changes . Do you ? Yes , I 've red some of those little pieces you have published in the Times occasionally . In Newspeak , too . Good in their way , but they 're only translations . You were still thinking in Oldspeak clinging to useless shades of meaning . To be or not to be ... The verb " to be " is abolished in the 11th edition . ... that is the question . - Ah , Shakespeare . - What ' tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune or to ... or to ... - I forget how it ends . - Doesn 't matter . By the year 2050 , the whole literature of the past will have gone . Milton , Byron , Chaucer , they 'll exist only in Newspeak forms . - As they are , they can only do us harm . - Harm ? By confusing us . You know the Newspeak phrase : " Old thinkers unbellyfeel Engsoc " " Old thinkers " , you are one . " Unbellyfeel " , " macro deep emotional understanding of " Engsoc . English socialism . The meaning is completely lost . You see , you can 't translate Newspeak . Even the Party slogans are changing . How will you say " freedom is slavery " when the word " freedom " no longer exists . Oh , I 'm sorry . I 'll move my chair if I 'm in your way . You see , Winston ? This is the point . Winston . The whole aim of Newspeak is to narrow the range of thought . To narrow the range of thought ? In the end , we 'll make thought crime literally impossible , because there 'll be no words to express it . That 's excellent , but even now there 's no excuse for thought crime . Crime is just a question of reality control , of self discipline . When Newspeak is perfect and compulsory there won 't be the need even for that . The revolution will be complete . Have you ever thought in 70 years or so , there 'll be nobody alive who could possibly understand this conversation we 're having ? - Except ... - Except the proles ? Well , they 're not human . Look at that creature over there with the ladle . " Them stew with salt , them stew without " . Thoughts like that don 't need simplifying . Thoughts ... You 've been into a prole sector lately ? Why ? - Looking for razor blades , possibly ? - That isn 't forbidden . - No , it 's not forbidden . - I believe that once in humans ... Then you must have seen they are not human ! They have no minds ! They live by instinct ! The proles are animals ! I know what you 're thinking : even animals have a memory . - I wasn 't thinking anything . - The proles haven 't . If you 'd asked any one of them about the past ... The past ! Syme ! Yes , the past ... Hello , hello , there ! Mind if I join you ? Look at him working through his supper out of keenness . What 's that you 've got there , old boy ? - It 's a new grammatical - Oh , too brainy for me , I expect . Rocket bomb in the prole sector by the sounds of it . Eurasian swine ! Smith , old man , I 'll tell you why I 'm chasing you up . - It is about that sub you forgot . - Another one ? Yes . For the house to house campaign about Hate Week . Bad luck for old Smith having the treasurer the next door neighbour . It won 't be my fault if old Victory Mansion doesn 't have the biggest outfit of flags in the whole street . Two dollars you promised me . I 'm sorry . I don 't seem to have that much on me . - You chaps eat too well . That 's what it is . - Suppose I call in with it tonight . All right . Will you want that piece of cheese ? Comrades , attention ! Here is glorious news ! An announcement from the Ministry of Plenty reveals that over the past year our standard of living has risen by no less than 20 % . All over Oceania today there have been spontaneous demonstrations to thank Big Brother for our new happy life . As announced in our last bulletin , there has been a change in the chocolate ration . An increase to 20 grams a week ! - Increase ? - Hear that , isn 't it wonderful ? Oh , my kids will be pleased ! Now , here are some details on increased output in other consumer goods . [ The chocolate ration was reduced to 20 grams only yesterday . ] [ Yes . They believe it . ] [ Doublethink . ] [ They make themselves believe it . ] [ Our new happy life . ] [ Grease and grime , the smell of dirty clothes ] [ and synthetic gin . ] [ And that stew ... ! Careful . Facecrime . ] Wooden scaffolding , 259 % . Razor blades , 141 % . And semimechanical excavators for clearing bound areas , 14 % . That is the end of the Ministry of Plenty announcement . Miniplenty has certainly done a wonderful job this year . By the way , old man , have you got any razor blades to spare ? I mean until some are on sale again . Sorry , I 've been using the same one for 6 weeks . It 's alright . I just thought I had to ask . - Coming into the Centre ? Syme ? - Yeah . Just as well to look in . There might be something new about the Hate Week . Do you know I haven 't missed an evening in the Centre in the past 4 years ? - Really ? - It 's a fact . Come on , Smith ! Look alive , old man ! You are coming over too , aren 't you ? No , I 've got some work to do at home . An article . - Good night , Winston . - Good night . The canteen is now closing . Leave the tables , please , without delay . Clear the canteen . Comrades , attention ! Attention ! Here is a supplementary production bulletin issued by the Ministry of Plenty . Giving further glorious news of the success of the 7th 3-year plan . A clear demonstration of the rising standard of our new happy life . The latest calculated increases are as follows : Domestic utility furniture 97 % . Electric light fittings 60 % . Domestic glassware 129 % . Non-utility furniture 82 % . Utility metal millers 41 % . Carpets 22 % . Reading matter 9.5 % . Building materials , no less than 367 % . Non-utility lampshades 80 % . Domestic utility cutlery 47 % . Children educational toys 33 % . Canvas boots 192 % . Heavy gauge domestic string 20 % . Medium gauge domestic string 15.5 % . Pick iron , no less than 229 % . That is the end of the supplementary bulletin from the Ministry of Plenty . Mr. Smith , are you there ? Mrs. Parsons . Oh , comrade , I thought I heard you come in . Can you spare a minute to come and look at our sink ? It 's got blocked . You see , Tom 's not home yet . No , he said he was going to the Community Centre . - Of course . - Well , I 'll see what I can do . It 's making me late for the children 's supper . You know what they are like . Such a trawlers too . It won 't . Oh , it won 't empty . There 'll not be any plates washed to eat off . The very night I 've got to be early at the Youth Centre ! I 'm trying to learn my lessons ! In the old days , before the glorious revolution , London was not the beautiful city we know today . It was a dark , dirty , miserable place , where scarcely anybody had enough to eat . Children had to work 12 hours a day , for cruel , cruel masters who flogged them with whips ... I know what happened . Somebody 's done something to this . He must have sneaked in when we 've all been away . Filthy traitors ! - You mean bunged it up on purpose ? - Yes . - Who ? - I 'll find out . And when I do ... Where have you been ? Leaving me here ... Do you want me to go to the Youth Centre without any supper and tell them that you don 't feed me , eh ? - Oh , no , dear ! - After all I 've done this afternoon ! Yes , dear . She 's such a brave clever girl . A real child hero , as they say . - She actually managed ... - Don 't tell him about it ! Don 't you dare ! No , dear . - Mr. Smith has come to fix the sink for us . - Yes , I 'll just take a look . Do you mind if I borrow that piece of wire ? Very well . - Who said you could interfere ? - I asked him to help , dear . Oh , shut up ! Mrs. Parsons , I 'm afraid I 'm going to need a bucket . Oh , yes . There 's one in the bedroom to catch the water coming through the ceiling . - You better leave it alone . - Why ? - She thinks it 's sabotage . - Oh , does she ? The rich men were called capitalists . They were fat , ugly men with wicked faces , like the one shown on the opposite page . - Look at his funny shiny hat . - Yes . That was their uniform . You are old . Did you ever see a capitalist ? I don 't remember . The capitalists owned everything in the world . If anyone disobeyed them , they could throw them into prison . What are you doing ? It 's quite simple . You just slacker this nut and let the water run out . Nine times out of ten you can get a deep obstruction . You do know a lot , don 't you ? about our sink . They 're all the same , these old things . You mean it was him who did it ? - Here you are , Mr. Smith . - Oh , thank you . - Don 't ! Don 't do anything to help him ! - What 's the matter ? Traitor , criminal , saboteur , Goldsteinist ... Face the telescreen , comrade . In a moment he 's going to show us what he blocked the pipe up with . No , Mr. Smith ! Show what 's in the pipe ! It 's hair . It 's reddish most of it . Like yours . See ? You 'll need to be careful washing their heads over the sink . Don 't you laugh at me ! They didn 't laugh at me this afternoon . They didn 't ! - What happened this afternoon ? - I won a medal . Hello , hello ! Smith . What 's this ? Who won a medal ? - I did . - What ? Tom , she was out with her troop of spies on a country hike . Let 's sit down and hear all about it . And she got two other girls to go with her and they slipped off from the hike . - Why did they do that ? - We were following this strange man I saw . I was sure he was some sort of enemy agent . Parachutist perhaps . He was a foreigner . - How do you know ? - Well , he was wearing a funny kind of shoes . I never saw anybody with shoes like that before . Pretty smart , huh ? How 's that for a sharp eye . - Go on . You trailed him ? - For two whole hours . And when we got to Barnet , we told the patrols . - And then ? - They arrested him , of course . They took him away to the Ministry of Love . - The Ministry of Love . - Oh , I 've been to there all right . Since on her word . That 's a clever girl . That deserves a medal if anything does . You 'll be on all the telescreens tomorrow . And they 'll want you down at the Youth Centre , won 't they ? Oh , yes . I 've got to go . I 've got to . And she hasn 't given me my supper ! - Why then ? - With all this bother with the sink ... You can use it now , Mrs. Parsons . You get her something to eat straight away . My , my ! We 'll have got something to be proud of now . Victory Mansion 's own child hero . Uh , and I 've got a lot of leaflets here about Hate Week to hand out at the Community Centre tonight . You should have been there , Winston , old man . Let me see . I want to see . Of course . But I must talk to Mr. Smith now . - Well , I 'd better be going . Good night . - I 'll come with you , old man . I 'm organising hoards of men to put up bunting . 400 meters ... - Where is my supper ! - One moment , dear . And I want mine ! Some day I 'm going to be a child hero ! You 've got to make us strong . We 're the glorious generation . We 're going to track down all the thought criminals and traitors . We 'll shoot them . We 'll vaporise them . Whoever they are . And I 'd like to put your name down as lead of one of the groups , old man . - Of course . Yeah . - Good . I knew I could rely on you . There will be a lot of organising to do , but I do most of the work myself . - Gotta keep up with the kiddies . - Yes , they 're very keen . Yes , all they think of is of spies and the war of course , - It 's very peculiar . - What is ? Sort of alcove there . Peculiar , why ? Meant for a bookcase , I 'd say , when these houses were built . I could swear it 's out of view of telescreen . You 're implying the thought police forgot to test it ? No , Winston , old man , no . Oh , by the way , here 's that 2 dollar sub I owe you . Oh , ta . Ah , yes , I 'm very proud of my kiddies . Winston , why didn 't you get married ? - You should have , you know . It 's ... - My duty to the Party ? Exactly . I have been married . We separated with the Party permission . I haven 't seen her for years . - Any children ? - No . Of course then you had to separate . I mean ... There was no point in staying together , was there ? No point at all . You say , old man , you weren 't looking for ... I think in the old days they used the word " love " , were you ? - Of course not . - That 's called sex crime today . Loyalty to the individual is detrimental to the Party . And the only purpose of marriage is to beget children to the service of the State . I too belonged to the Junior Antisex League . The old Antisex League . Some of the jolliest times I ever had . Community hikes , parades ... Was a member for 8 years , you know . Nearly took the oath of celibacy . If it hadn 't been to the repopulation deal of 1973 ... That 's when I married too . Ah , come a long way since then , haven 't we ? Soon the whole glorious new system in operation . Separate the sexes , artificial insemination ... and institutions for the children . Of course , far better than family life for bringing them up in the true Party spirit . I think my kiddies were born too soon for all that . - It 's like I cheated them somehow . - I think they 'll catch up . They 'll join the Antisex League as soon as they 're old enough . When I see my little girl in the old checked sash , I 'll even be prouder then than I was tonight . Yes , I 'm sure you will . That reminds me ... I 'm just going to see if she 's been fed , the poor kid . - Good night , old man . - Good night . [ Don 't let it show in your face . Get rid of this thought . ] [ Rid of it . Quickly , before it 's too late . ] [ Doublethink . Practise it . ] [ The Party says the Earth is flat . ] [ True ! That 's true . ] [ The Party says 2 and 2 make 5 . ] [ True ... No , but not to know . ] [ Forget and forget that you 've forgotten . ] [ Doublethink , crimestop ... ] [ Ignorance is strength . ] Comrades , attention ! Here is a special bulletin from the Ministry of Peace . It tells a victory . Victory on the south Indian front . It can be revealed that for 72 hours without break or rest our beloved leader , Big Brother , ceaselessly studied reports from the battlefield . He scrutinised each list of casualties . He even found time to rejoice in accounts of individual acts of heroism by our glorious soldiers , in the brave deeds of those who are carrying out his wise decisions and winning the victory that he had planned . The victory that he had made to happen , as day must follow night . The victory is his ! Victory to him ! The glory is his ! Glory to him ! Big Brother ! Big Brother ! Big Brother ! Here it is . Listen to this . " She slipped off her dress disclosing the whole warm beauty of her body . " " Arthur - she whispered - the door is unlocked . " The door is unlocked . How is it called ? " One night in a girl school " by Jason Flinders . Jason Flinders . Won 't you remember that name ? It 's pretty cosy stuff , you know ? Look at this . He 's written hundreds of them , see ? - Where did you get ' em ? - Oh , I 've got my contacts , see ? I 'll find you any number you want . If you pay for ' em . Pay for ' em ? There any five cent ones ? Yeah , but it 's special . Here . 25 for you . There ought to be something done about it . There 's got to be . And soon ! This is important . I tell you . No number ending in 7 ain 't won for over 14 months . - Yes it has too . - No , it has not ! I 've taken down all the state lottery numbers . Got them all wrote down all over the paper . And I tell you that no number ... Yes , it has . And I pretty near tell you the ruddy number . 407 identity . February . Second week in February . I 've got it all in black and white and I tell you that no number ending in ... All I asked you is for a pint . Alright , alright . That 's enough . Oh , I asked it civil enough , didn 't I ? Are you telling me you ain 't got a pint mug not in the whole bleedin ' booze ? I don 't know what you mean . Liters and half liters is all we serve here . I 've just taken a fancy to my pint today . When I was a young man ... Oh , when you was a young man we was all living in the tree tops . Can I offer you a drink ? Here ! A gent ! A pint . A pint o ' wallop . - You 've no gin ? - In a prole sector ? We don 't get it here . Beer . 12 cents . Have you seen a lot of changes since you were a young man ? The beer was far better . And cheaper . That was before the war . Which war was that ? It 's all wars . Of course people of my age don 't really know what conditions were like before the revolution . We can only read what the history books say . Was there really terrible oppression and people starving and no boots to wear ? Women and children being whipped to work 14 hours a day and sleeping ten in a room ? And capitalists in great houses , driving carriages and motorcars and wearing top hats and drinking champagne ? Top hats ! Funny you should mention that . I was only thinking the other day I ain 't seen a top hat in years . Last time I wore one was in Mrs. Drenlaws ' funeral . You wore one ? More than 50 years ago it must have been . Of course it was only hired . What I really wanted to know was this : Don 't you feel that you have more freedom now ? Or isn 't it a fact that you had to call the rich people " sir " and take your cap ... your hat off when they passed ? They loved you to . - It showed respect , you see . - They loved you to ? Look , in 1925 , you were a grown man . Now , try and remember 1925 . If you could choose , would you rather live then or now ? Do you expect me to say I 'd sooner be young again ? No , it isn 't that . Don 't you understand ? I ... When you 're old you are never well . My feet , dreadful . And my bladder ... On the other hand it has great advantages . You don 't have the same worries . No trap with women . And that 's a great thing , you know ? You can just sit and think of nothing . Nothing at all . - Good evening . - Good evening . I thought I recognised you outside on the pavement . You recognised me ? Yes , you are the gentleman who bought the old exercise book , some ... - 2 or 3 months ago , wasn 't it ? - You remember . It was such a beautiful breed of paper . " cream light " they used to call it . There 's not been such paper oh , I guess , for over twenty five years . Anything special I can get you ? No , just thought I 'd look in as I was passing . Well , perhaps it 's just as well . And I don 't suppose I could have satisfied you . Between ourselves , the antique trade is finished . No demand . No stuff . Furniture , china , metalware ... It 's all been broken up or melted down . - What 's this ? - Paperweight . Take it . It 's like snow falling inside there . Of course it 's filled with water and the white particles ... - It 's beautiful ! - Yes . Though not many would say so nowadays . If you should happen to want to buy it , the price would be ... four dollars ? I wish I had more to show you . - Thank you very much . - Four dollars , there you are . Thank you , but you see how it is . An empty shop . Mind you , there is another room upstairs . - Not much in it , just a few pieces ... - Oh , I 'd like to see it . Well . Then ... We 'll need a light if we 're going upstairs . Before my wife died this was our sitting-room . I 'm selling all the furniture off by little and little . And that 's a nice gateleg table over there . Of course , you had to mend the hinges if you wanted to use the flaps . There is ... there is no telescreen ! No , I 've never had one of those things . If you want one down here you have to buy it , you know ? They 're not provided . Too expensive . I never felt that I needed one , somehow . Sorry . No books . They ... They were all taken away long ago . I doubt that you find any in the prole sector nowadays . but if you just happen to be interested in old print . Now , the frame is fixed to the wall . My wife always had a fear of cords breaking and being startled in the night . But this I could unstick for you . Do you know the name of that place ? It 's in ruin now . It 's in the middle of the street outside the Palace of Justice . That 's right . Just outside of the law courts . It was a church at one time . Saint Clement Danes , the name was . " Oranges and lemons , say the bells of Saint Clement 's " What 's that ? Just a rhyme we had when I was a boy . Just the names of churches . All the principal ones in London . - I never knew that being a church . - But how did that rhyme go ? Oh , I 've got it . " Oranges and lemons say the bells of Saint Clement 's . You owe me 5 farthings , say the bells of Saint Martin 's " . It 's like the sound of bells . Please , go on . That 's as far as I can get . " farthing " , you know , that was a small coin , something like a cent . - Yes , And where was Saint Martin 's ? - It 's still standing . In Victory square , just near the statue of Big Brother , on top of the tall fluted column with the lions at the foot . It wasn 't always Big Brother , you know . Oh , well , we 've seen enough of this room . We 'd better be getting back to the shop . Yes . Now , you go first , I must take my time on the stairs . What do you got there ? Ah , the old mace . I had forgotten all about that . That 's a real antique . - Now , I could let you have that for ... - No , I don 't want it . Anything the matter ? You haven 't got a way out ? Through the back of the shop , as a shortcut I mean . Never mind . It wouldn 't help . If it 's the patrols , you came here looking for razor blades . Party members do it occasionally . - You 're forgetting your purse . - Yes . Thank you . So glad that you found something to your liking . - Good night . - Good night , sir . My name is Charrington . Call in again if you 're passing . Don 't forget . the Chesnut tree specialities . Aren 't they ? Cloves and saccharine . But it does add something to this Victory gin . but I can 't put it in every time , you know ? There 's a war on . All right for now . Come again in a few minutes . - Good evening , comrade . - Good evening . - Get me a large gin , will you ? - Yes , comrade . Many places , sit - Wherever you like . - Thank you . Syme . Smith . - May I join you ? - Yes , of course . - It 's quiet here . - Yes . - Do you come often ? - Not at all . Now , I 've been here once or twice in my life . Sometimes there are Party musicians and painters . It 's colourful . It 's 25 cents . It 's the luxury tax , you see . Any more gin for anybody ? Remember , it 's all on the house if you 're a member . Syme . Yes ? Syme , have you ever noticed a young girl ? Dark hair , about 25 . She works in the Minitru at the fiction department of fancy . She was at the table next to ours in the canteen yesterday . Yes , I 've noticed her , why ? Well , I 've got reason to believe that she is a ... I 've got reason to believe that she was a district organiser at both the Youth League and the Junior Antisex League . If I 'm correct she might provide for an exemplary subject for a Newspeak article I 'm proposed to write . Sounds a most interesting project . Commendably orthodox . Doppelplusgoodthinkful . Underneath the spreading chestnut tree I sold you and you sold me . They lie here and here lied we 'neath the spreading chestnut tree . What was that ? Who are they ? - Don 't you recognise them ? - No . Of course ! It was in the Times . The last conspiracy trial ! But they 've changed ! They confessed to sabotage , embezzlement of Party funds , intrigues with the Goldstein 's agents against Big Brother . They confessed . Now the telescreen is reminding them . They were released . They come here every day . For them , the gin is free . They can play chess ... if they wish . I 'm sorry I disturbed you when you were playing out your problem . No , you didn 't . This café is quiet and suitable . I supposed the members of your chess club come here to play . Members ? The Minitru chess club . You are on the committee this year , aren 't you ? I saw your name on a notice . Today ... - Today I received a notification . - What ? That I 'm suspended from all my duties pending investigation of my conduct . You ? I 'm even suspended from chess club . Winston ! This is unfortunate . I 've no doubt the enquiry will be fair . Don 't go . I 've been sitting here for hours trying to decide what I could have done . Something I said . Something I thought . Yesterday , in the canteen ... I talked too much , perhaps . Who was listening ? There was Parsons ... and there was you , Winston . I don 't remember . And at the next table there was that girl , the one you mentioned . Let me go . I have nothing to do with it . Which one did denounce me ? Winston , was it yourself ? What did I say ? Winston , don 't leave me ... - ... alone ! - 2159 Syme B. Stand where you are . All of the customers in the Chestnut Tree Cafe are to leave immediately . Quickly ! Quickly ! Syme , - - Thinkpol . The Thought Police are joining you . full of men in black uniforms . Syme , not me . If they wanted me , they 'd be coming by now . She can 't have reported me . Yet . I should have acted down in the prole sector . Got her alone . Smashed her head in . I can still do it . Counterattack . An open window , an empty staircase ... To go on her way ... I 'll watch for her , wait for her ... from tomorrow . - Is your presetting completed ? - Yes . Test the motor . Very well . Stand to attention . They 'll be here in a moment . In a few weeks that tune will be haunting every prole sector in air strip 1 . The sentimental ones , are used sparingly so they 're always popular . Now , the apparatus that produced that was comparatively simple , as you saw . But here , in Pornosec , we 'd like to see our novel writing machine in operation . This way . I 've seen your lottery calculators in the Ministry of Plenty . These are much more elaborate . This machine can turn out 20 pornographic novels a day . All phrases and thought sequences were built in during assembly so that it has its own distinctive style . Its products go out under the name of Jason Flinders . And then distributed of course in sealed packets so the proles imagine they 're getting something illegal . Will you demonstrate ? The operator is now adjusting the situation kaleidoscope , - which varies the 6 basic plots . - Notice the operator . Long service action in the Antisex League , two purity badges . She has been specially chosen for her exemplary character . We have to be careful here . Those tubs are rubbish of course but ... it might be catching . The machine sets up an entire type ready to print . It also provides us with a check copy . Here it comes . " Sandra Wayne slipped off her remaining undergarments , disclosing the whole warm beauty of her body . When she prepared to step into her bath , there was a rustle . The ugly snag of a black automatic showed between the curtains . A man stepped out . " Put down that gun - said Sandra coolly - It may be loaded " But a curious thrill run through " Quickly , get it free . Let me see . I was adjusting the kaleidoscope for chapter 2 . Fool . - I must apologise for this incompetence ... - Commit her to the medical section . Look out ! It 's bleeding badly . Go with her . The shortest way is through the Records department . Come along . Steady yourself . Unfortunate . Now . As you will observe , each machine differs slightly from its neighbours . We 'll have a look at the next one . Routine Correction to Times of 19th November 1983 , after verification with current issue . Quote . In a statement issued today ... You 're perfectly capable of walking alone . In a statement issued today by the Ministry of Peace it was categorically denied that ... Help me with her . She 's been hurt . Records department , Minitru , check that disturbance . You 're all right now . Come along . ... it was categorically denied that any withdrawals had taken place on the Malabar front . Unquote . I meant what I wrote . Shall we meet ? - Yes . - Can you get Sunday afternoon off ? - Yes . - Then listen and remember . Go to new Paddington street take train number 26 , get off at 10th station . Turn left . Take the path across the field to Glasgow Lane Down that look for the fourth tree . - Someone coming . Can you remember ? - I think so . Hello , hello , there ! - How is the stew ? - Beans . Jolly good old Syme ought to be here . That 's his favourite . - He is not here ? - No . We work in the same office . I 'd notice . - He must be ill . - Yes . Oh , thanks . I say I wanted a confidential word with you , old boy . - Confidential ? - Yes . About the Hate Week . You know I 've got you leading one of the groups of men . Well , I was awake at 3 o 'clock this morning working it all out . Now , where 's something to draw with ? This will do . Now , you see . There are all Victory Mansions there With all the shadow we 've got here , Well , I thought if you could come ... You were searching for a hidden microphone , weren 't you ? There aren 't any .. - We 're all right here . - We 're all right here ? I found this place once when I got lost on a community hike . - It 's quite safe . - Is it ? Oh , you can trust me . Please , trust me . I wanted to believe you . What you wrote I wanted to very much . Well , the note wasn 't enough . - What 's your name ? - Julia . I know yours . It 's Winston . See , I 'm better finding things out than you are . Tell me , what have you been thinking about me ? I hated the sight of you . I wanted to murder you . To smash your head in . - Why ? - You followed me . Well , I wanted to speak to you . I thought you had something to do with the Thought Police . I 'm not the Thought Police . You honestly thought that ? You 're young and strong and healthy . Pure in word and deed . Banners , processions , slogans , games , all that stuff . And you thought if I had the chance I 'd denounce you and get you killed off ? Something of the kind . A lot of young girls would . Actually I am that sort to look at . Keep an eager face , always shout with the crowd , never show up anything . Then you 're safe . I do voluntary work three evenings a week for the Antisex League . So I 'm wearing this filthy thing ! I 'm 35 years old , I 've got a wife I can 't get rid of , physical grade 3 . I couldn 't care less . - Oh , I can 't , you see , it 's been so long . - Never mind . How did you know it should be me ? Something in your face . I thought I 'd take the chance . I 'm good at spotting people that don 't belong . The moment I saw you I knew you were against them . - So easily ? - No , I don 't think you 're giving yourself away . It 's a sort of ... fellow feeling . Something you could only recognise if you 're looking for it . - Something that flashes across " I 'm on your side " ? - That 's right . You missed me . I know you might fall . My disguise is too good . - Didn 't you ever notice it on anyone ? - No . Well , there is a man named O 'Brien . I 'm not quite sure but once or twice I felt ... What is that ? a bird ... so close ... Suppose there were a microphone somewhere . They 'd be hearing that . Let 's sit down . Tell me about your wife . She was beautiful . She hadn 't a thought in her head that wasn 't a slogan . She submitted to marry out of loyalty to the state . She had two names for it : making a baby ... - and our duty to the Party . - You know that one too . Sex talks of Youth League for the over-sixteens . Actually it 's out of date now . They 're getting techniques to replace marriage . With Katherine there wasn 't anything to replace . - You must have hated her . - Eventually , yes . Darling . This is the unforgivable crime , do you know that ? Between Party members , I know . And then in the end we can 't win , you know that too ? Yes . It 's just that some kinds of failure are better than other kinds . That 's all . How long , do you think , before they find out ? Six months , if we were careful . A year , five years ... We 'll be careful . And clever too . We 'll find other places like this , better ones . Sometimes we 'll even be able to manage a word to each other passing in the street , and then ... - We won 't give up . - No . We might even be able to find a secret place that is just our own . Yes . It 's a challenge and we 're going to accept it . Now , darling , it is me . My hand , my arm , my face ... Let 's enjoy being alive . I 've decided to let you have the room . Not many people come into the shop . Then suppose I actually get in your way . Everyone needs a place where they can be alone occasionally . Privacy is a very valuable thing . If I had such a place , well , it 's very common courtesy on the part of anybody who knows about it to keep this knowledge to himself . Thank you . I shall have to charge you a little rent , there . Why , of course . Just to cover expenses . Shall we say ... 5 dollars a week ? - I 'll pay a month in advance . - Thank you very much . Thank you . I 'll go out myself this evening and put the room to rights . By the way , there are two entries to the house . One of them gives onto a little lane at the back . I mean , the main streets are so crowded nowadays you can scarcely fight your way through . Always the same when we get to Hate Week . If only they 'd stop it just for a minute . - What ? - The hate . Day after day , on every telescreen . There 's no escape . That 's what they 've turned love into . All this march coming down , waving flags , and cheering ... simply sex gone sad . You mean , they depend on all that hysteria all bottled up ? They can 't bear you feel anything else . When you make love , you use up a lot of energy and then you feel all warm and happy inside . You don 't give a damn for Big Brother and the 3-year plan . Oh , darling , I nearly forgot ! I want you to stay just there and not to see me for the next 3 or 4 minutes . - To make sure you better turn around . - But what are you going to do ? Please . I 'll let you know when you can look . It 's a prole woman ! - That 's a prole hate song , isn 't it ? - That 's " Love 's Nonsenses " . Number 27365 . The product of an electronic machine and she sings it as if it meant something . She is as solid as a pillar , as steady as ... You know , Julia , she 's beautiful . I saw her yesterday . A meter across the hips . That 's her style of beauty . Strong heart , strong arms , toughened by 20 years of child bearing . Julia , if there 's any hope for the future it lies in the proles . - The proles ? - 85 % of the population . If only they became conscious of their own strength all they need is to rise up and shake themselves like a ... like a horse shaking off flies . They 'd throw off the Party ... Conscious ? Yes , like a horse , all right . Don 't you remember the old slogan , " Proles and animals are free " ? Darling , they think they 're free now . Free to work themselves to death . Free to enjoy the filth that 's peddled to them by the Party : drugs , foul books ... - Porn ... - Hey ! My life 's work ! They love it though . The Party gives them exactly what they want . If only there was some way to show them ... - Do you think the Brotherhood ... - What about the Brotherhood ? It 's just struck me . Being able to talk about it . I 've never done it in my life . Do you think Goldstein 's brotherhood really exists ? - No . - Why not ? Rebel against the Party ? Would be too stupid . There 's that inner party man of Minitru , O 'Brien . I 've always thought he is a man you could trust . If only you could get him alone . You know , once ... It was just after the Two Minutes Hate . I caught his eye ... Darling , you can turn around now . - Your face ... - Do you like it ? Yes . Prole women use this stuff , but I don 't know if I put it on right . The dress doesn 't fit very well . 30 years ago it belonged to Mrs. Charrington . This is my style of beauty . At least I 'm a woman now ! And I belong in this room , don 't I ? How old do you think everything is here ? - More than the dress . ¿ 50 years ? ¿ 100 ? - Picture is a hundred years old ? It 's probably two . You can 't tell the age of anything nowadays . - Have you seen that place near the ford ? - It used to be a church . Saint Clement Danes its name was . " Oranges and lemons , say the bells of Saint Clement 's . I owe you 5 farthings , say the bells of Saint Martin 's . When will you pay me ? say the bells of old Bailey " . - Do you know it ? - I can 't remember any more . - Who taught it to you ? - My grandfather , when I was a little girl . Winston , forget about the brotherhood . The clever thing is what we 're doing now . Just to break the rules and stay alive . The kettle is boiling . I 'm gonna make some coffee . I brought some . It 's over there . Victory coffee ? I 've got something much better that that . Jason Flinders manicure set , the tools of my trade , concealing ... one quarter of Inner Party coffee ! - Where did you get hold of it ? - Black market . There 's nothing these Inner Party swine don 't have . And look ! Real sugar , no saccharine . - Darling , will you make the coffee ? - Yes , I will . Winston ! What was it ? It was a rat . A rat . What a fuss to make . And a mess ! Yes , there 's the hole . I 'll have to bang it up with some of the broken plaster . Darling , you 're trembling . Come and sit down . I don 't like rats , that 's all . Tell me . There is something to tell , isn 't it ? Yes , but I never have to anyone . - It 's horrible . - Go on . It was when I was small , I don 't remember what age , but small . My father had disappeared and I lived with my mother and my little sister . She was just a baby . Sick nearly all the time like a thin monkey . There was hardly any food to eat . I remember screaming at my mother because I was so hungry . She used to give me hers but even that was very little . I wanted all there was . I couldn 't help it . One night they took my mother away for questioning . And as soon as she had gone I went to the cot where my sister was lying and snatched the piece of bread she had . I don 't think she noticed , she was so weak . I ran out and far away . And I ate the bread . I didn 't go back until next morning . The house was dark . There was no mother . I went to my sister 's cot . I looked in ... You must say it . You must . The rats had eaten her . Oh , please . - And now don 't think about it any more . - But I dream . When something bad happens I see the same , I see the cot . The last time it happened , it was after they took Syme . I 'm going to put the kettle back and make that coffee . - He 's dead . Did I tell you ? - No . You see , every day I 've looked at the notice board , at a printed list of the chess committee . This morning it was nothing crossed out , but his name wasn 't there . He doesn 't exist . He never existed . You know what ? That night he talked to me , he thought that one of us had denounced him . - You or I. - I wonder who did . - Or himself . - How ? He was too intelligent . He saw too clearly and spoke too plainly . That it should happen was written in his face . You know , This thing ... is like a tiny world with its atmosphere complete . If it were possible to get inside there , to have your life there ... - and mine ... - My darling . Perhaps even to find real people again . Hello , Smith . I was hoping for an opportunity of talking to you . I was reading one of your Newspeak articles in the Times the other day . You take scholarly interest in Newspeak , I believe . - I 'm only an amateur . - You write it very elegantly . That 's not only my opinion . I was talking to a friend of yours not long ago , who was certainly an expert . His name ... escapes me for the moment . But I noticed you used two or three words which have recently become obsolete . Have you seen the 10th edition of the Newspeak dictionary ? Oh , no . We are still using the 9th in the records department . Oh , yes , of course . The 10th edition isn 't issued I believe , apart from a few advanced copies . - It might interest you to see one , perhaps . - Very much , sir . Some of the new developments are most ingenious . The reduction on the number of verbs . Now , let me see . I could send it to you by messenger . Except , of course , I should be sure to forget . Perhaps you could pick it up from my home , sometime . I 'll just write down the address . Better not let them see that we are having secrets . That 's the address . I 'm usually at home in the evenings . If not , my servant will give you the dictionary . It 's an inner Party address all right . One of these big , new blocks . Another rocket bomb . Must be miles away . Darling , what makes you think he meant anything more than he said ? You saw his eyes ? Very well , suppose he does hate the Party . Doesn 't everyone secretly ? Winston . They 'd all like to break the rules if they thought it was safe . It doesn 't mean they belong to the Brotherhood . But when he mentioned Syme ... " Your friend , he was an expert on the Newspeak . His name slipped my memory " . Don 't you see ? He couldn 't name him directly . It would be mortally dangerous . Syme is not only dead , he 's abolished , he 's an unperson . But it was a signal . For a moment we came here to thought crime , together . We were accomplices . Do you think he 'll lead you to the Brotherhood ? Yes . - If they exist ! - They must . I 've been waiting all my life for this . If they 're not just another invention of the Party , something to hate . Haven 't you marched in a demonstration when there was a trial on - and shouted " Death to the traitors " ? - Of course . - You knew who they were ? - Perhaps , sometimes . Or what they 'd really done ? - No . - You see ? How do we know what exists ? Even the war itself may be a lie . The Party says we 're fighting Eurasia or Eastasia . They can change it in a minute to make it true . Always some of them in the desert or the jungle . We don 't know ! When a rocket bomb drops in one of the prole sectors , it might even have been fired by our own government . Alright . You and I , we are helping to make these lies . I sit on my desk in the records department helping to draw the darkness in . It 's your work . We help to destroy history . It 's only an endless present where the Party is always right . Can 't you guess why I started this diary ? To know what happened yesterday . Whatever this chance may be I must take it . Do you think they 're starting a rebellion ? - No , not in our lifetime . - Then , what 's the use ? These little pockets of resistance could be started . Just a few records left for the next generation . I 'm not interested in the next generation ! - Only in us ! - Yes . I know . Winston , because I love you , I won 't let you do this alone . If they take us , there 's nothing we can do about it . Nothing . If that happens , the only thing that matters is that we shouldn 't betray one another . If you mean confession I 'd do that right away . You too , under torture . No , I don 't mean confession . Confessing isn 't betrayal . What you say or do doesn 't matter . Only feelings matter . If they could make me stop loving you , that would be the real betrayal . No , they can 't do that . They can make you say anything . Anything . But they can 't make you believe it . They can 't get inside your heart . If you can feel that staying human is worthwhile , even when it can 't have any result whatever , then you 've beaten them . We 'll go to O 'Brien , together . As soon as we work out just how and when . Tonight . Now . Kiss me first . Comrades , attention ! It is officially announced by the ministries of Truth and Plenty that the current Hate Week has broken all records for production . And to match this activity on the home front a Ministry of Peace communicate shows that our brave soldiers on the Malabar front have driven away ... You can turn it off ! Yes , we can turn it off . We have that privilege . Shall I say it ? Or will you ? I will say it . We have come here because ... we believe there is some sort of organisation working against the Party and that you are involved . - We want to belong to it . - We are enemies of the Party . We disbelieve in the principles of Engsoc . We are thought criminals . We want to put ourselves under your mercy . If that isn 't sufficient ... Martin is one of us . Look a chair for yourself . You can stop being a servant now . We 'll sit down and talk in comfort . This is called wine . You will have red about it in books , no doubt . I 'm afraid very little of it reaches the Outer Party . Try it . - Is it as you expected ? - No . I have always thought that it must have been intensely sweet but I 'm afraid I can 't taste very well . Victory gin does not improve the palate . Now , let 's begin by drinking a toast . To our leader , Emmanuel Goldstein . Then , there is such a person . Yes . There is such a person . And he is alive . Where ? I do not know . And the organisation , it is real ? Not just an invention of the Thought Police ? No , the Brotherhood is real . Now . You 'll understand that I must start by asking you certain questions . In general terms , what do you prefer to do ? - Anything that we are capable of . - He speaks for me too . - You are prepared to give your lives ? - Yes . - Commit sabotage , even murder ? - Yes . - Betray your country to a foreign part ? - Yes . To cheat , forge , to blackmail , disseminate drugs ? To do anything likely to cause demoralisation and weaken the power of the Party ? Yes . If for instance it would somehow suit our purpose to throw sulphuric acid in a child 's face , you are prepared to do that ? Yes . To lose your identity and live out your life as a waiter or a dock worker ? - To commit suicide if and when we order ? - Yes . You are prepared , the two of you , to separate and never see one another again ? No ! No . You did well to tell me . We must know everything . Martin , take a good look at these two comrades . You will be seeing them again . I may not . Now , go back to your pantry . I have to be switching on in a quarter of an hour . Before you leave here , I shall give you a book from which you will learn the true nature of the society we live in , and how we shall destroy it . When you have red it , you will be full members of the Brotherhood . You will receive orders from me through Martin . Apart from 3 or 4 other contacts for immediate tasks , you will know nothing . You will get no encouragement , no comments . When finally you are caught , the only help you may expect will be a razor blade smuggled into your cell . You will confess the little you know , betray a handful of unimportant people like myself and die . We are the dead . Our only true life is in the future . We shall take part in it as handfuls of dust and splinters of bone . How far away that future is ? There is no knowing . Perhaps a thousand years of spreading our knowledge outwards from person to person , generation to generation . In face of the Thought Police there is no other way . Thank you . Now . You should not have come here together . You must leave separately . You , comrade , first . Wait . We still have some wine left . What should it be this time ? To the confusion of the Thought Police ? Death of Big Brother ? To humanity ? To future ? To the past . The past is more important . Now . Put one of these on your tongue . The lift attendants might notice the smell of wine . Martin , you will show the comrade out . - Good bye . - Good bye . Now . I assume you have a hiding place of some kind . Yes . A room in one of the prole sectors , above a shop . Keep it for the moment . Later we shall find something else for you . Have you any questions you would like to ask ? No . Did you ever happen to hear an old rhyme that begins : " Oranges and lemons , say the bells of Saint Clements ? " " You owe me 5 farthings , say the bells of Saint Martin 's . When will you pay me , say the bells of old Bailey . When I grow rich , say the bells of Shoreditch " You know the last line ! Yes , I know the last line . Now . - Have you brought a briefcase with you ? - Yes . Very shabby and inconspicuous . Good . The Newspeak dictionary . 10th edition . Don 't open it now . Study it well . You too take better one of these tablets . Good bye . Good bye . And tomorrow evening at 18 : 30 hours , in Victory Park , will come the great climax to Hate Week . No less than 200 Eurasian war criminals will be publicly hanged . Good evening . He 's upstairs . He came in some little time ago . Thank you . I wanted to show him something but he hadn 't the time . Something I found in the back of a drawer . See , it 's a locket with a curl of gold hair in it . I 'm afraid it 's broken ... It 's better . - I went to the hangings . - Oh , why ? Camouflage . We can 't be too careful now . The crowd were delirious . They got their hands on them they would have pulled them to pieces long before the time . - Look . - A Newspeak dictionary . By Emmanuel Goldstein . O 'Brien gave it to me last night after you left . - You read it ? - I know what 's in it . Oh , Julia , I feel a whole person for the first time in my life . All the suspicions , doubts and hopes I 've ever felt , they 're completely justified . We were wrong about some things but right about so many . And now it 's all clear . The truth . Here , my darling . Drink this . Now . Listen . - No , I don 't think I want to hear . - What ? - It would only be something more to hide . - But we are committed . Tonight I ... found I couldn 't yield with the crowd in the same way . For the first time I wasn 't able to feel I was part of . - The Hate Week 's over now . - So is the excitement , the madness everywhere that has helped to hide us . - From here on ... - You will have to know . It 's not a burden , it 's strength . And you 'll feel that too . I marked a few passages . Now , hear . Hear , for instance : " When the United States absorbed the British Empire to form Oceania and Russia took Europe to form Eurasia , two of the three world states were in being . Their ideologies were Engsoc , Neobolshevism , and later Death Worship in Eastasia . These three states are permanently at war . " - Then it 's not a sham ? - Wait . " War has changed its character . It exists only to preserve tyranny . Fighting , when there is any , takes place on vague tropical frontiers around the floating fortresses . The essential act of war is the destruction of human labour . A way of shattering or sinking the materials which might be used to make the masses too comfortable . In the long run , too intelligent . No invasion of enemy territory must ever take place . " Then the real war isn 't with Eurasia at all ! - Is between all of us ... - And them ! " The Party member like the proletarian tolerates conditions because he has nothing with which to compare his way of life . Efficiency , even military efficiency , is no longer needed . In Oceania nothing is efficient except the Thought Police . " Swine . Filthy swine . - Big Brother . - Does he exist ? He 's the guise in which the Party shows itself to the world . No one has ever seen him . It 's all here . The revolution , what it was like before that , what freedom was ... Oh , Julia , I now know at last that I 'm not mad . Oh , my darling . You thought that ? Even if a person is the only one to believe something , that doesn 't make him mad . There 's truth and there 's untruth . But if you stick to the truth even against the whole world you 're still not mad . I want to read it . We 'll read it together There she is . I suppose she 's hanging her washing on the line , as usual . Baby clothes . Her own or her daughter 's . How many children do you think she 's had in her time ? - Might easily be 15 . - Yes . Darling , after we made that horrible promise to O 'Brien last night - and I went back to the hostel ... - Alone . ... I couldn 't get it out of my mind . I suppose we had to say it . Oh , yes . But I didn 't mean that . I meant you being alone to think about it . There are times when people shouldn 't be alone . I began to wonder perhaps if we could just have gone on as ordinary people . Disappeared somehow . Learnt to talk like the proles , got a job in a factory . - It 's too late , now . - We are committed now . - Too late . - Not only since last night , my darling . Then we determined to face the facts and do something among them , but for us ... well , it 's 30 years too late . If we 'd lived then we had been married . Like 30 , even 20 years ago we could have walked through the streets quite openly talking about anything we 'd like . They 'd have known we loved each other and there 'd have been nothing they could do to stop us . They can 't stop us loving now . The future is hers , isn 't it ? - Well , we can share it . - How ? She with her children can keep alive the body but we can keep alive the mind . Path on the street . - The book ? - No . It is simpler than that . Just that 2 and 2 make 4 . - Our future . - But it has to be this way . Darling , do you remember something that O 'Brien said ? - We are the dead . - We are the dead . You are the dead ! Look ! Remain exactly where you are . Make no movement until you are ordered . The house is surrounded ! I suppose we may as well say good bye . You may as well say good bye . They 've got a ladder ! Winston ! - Darling ! - Don 't resist ! Don 't move ! Charrington ! Thinkpol reporting crimefix 20 : 45 h . Proceeding Minilove ways . I discovered the end of the little rhyme . You may as well have it so I did not waste it . " Here comes a candle to light you to bed , here comes a chopper to chop off your head " . Take the woman first . Not the Ministry of Love ! Not there ! Winston ! Parsons ! What are you in for ? Thought crime . I know I will get a fair hearing . I trust them for that . They 'll have my records , won 't they ? You know what sort of a chap I was . Not very brainy , but I did the best I could for the Party . Might get out in about 5 years , don 't you think ? 10 years ? A chap like myself can make himself pretty useful in a ... job camp . I mean , they won 't shoot me for going off the rails just once , will they ? Are you guilty ? Of course I am . You don 't think the Party arrests an innocent man , do you ? Thought crime is a dreadful thing . It gets a hold of you without you even knowing it . I talked in my sleep . Do you know what they heard me say ? Down with Big Brother ! Over and over and over again . I 'm glad they caught me . They saved me . Who denounced you ? My little girl . Pretty smart for a - - , huh ? I don 't bear her any grudge for it . In fact I 'm proud . It shows I brought her up in the right spirit anyway . Barns ! BQ-4597 , Barns James . Let fall that piece of bread . Stay exactly where you are . Get up ! - Where ? - You go into room 101 ! Comrade , what answers do you want ? I 'll confess anything . Anything . Only write it down and I 'll sign it . You 've starved me for weeks . Hang me , shoot me . But not room 101 ! Room 101 ! That 's the one you want ! Not me ! He showed he was guilty when he tried to give me that piece of bread . I 'll tell you everything . No ! Listen ! Something is wrong with the telescreen . Take him ! Not me ! Not me ! O 'Brien ! They got you too ! They got me a long time ago . You knew this , Winston . Don 't deceive yourself . You did know it . You 've always known it . 170 . Do you remember writing in your diary that freedom is the freedom to say 2 and 2 make 4 ? Yes . How many fingers am I holding up , Winston ? Four . And if the Party says it is not four but five ? Four . 180 . How many ? 190 . - How many fingers , Winston ? - Four , five , four ! Whatever you like , only stop the pain . Winston ... How can I help seeing what 's in front of my face ? - 2 and 2 make 4 . - Sometimes . Sometimes they 're 5 , sometimes 3 . Or all of them at once . You must try harder . Is this ... ? Is this room 101 ? No . How long have I been here ? Admitted ? Seven weeks ago , Winston . During that time you 've been beaten brutally , every day . You see , I don 't pretend . You are confessed to assassination , to distribution of seditious pamphlets , to religion , to embezzlement of Party funds sale of military secrets , sabotage , murder ... Why do you think we bring people to this place ? - To make them confess . - No . - To punish them . - No . To cure them . We are not interested in the stupid crimes you have committed . Only in the thought . I 'm taking trouble with you , Winston , because you 're worth trouble . You are mentally deranged , a defective memory . Now , that is curable , but you must try to help me . Even now you are keen to the impression that your disease is a virtue . How can you stop people remembering things ? - You can 't control it . - You have not controlled it . You are here because you prefer to be a lunatic , a minority of one . Only the disciplined mind can see reality , Winston . It needs an act of self destruction , an effort of the will . You must humble yourself before you can become sane . No , no ... How many ? I would see five if I could . I 'm trying to see five . You only wish me to think you do . No . You 'll kill me if you do that again . Four , five , six ... Honestly , I don 't know . Very well . This time it will not hurt . Three thousand . There are five fingers there . Do you see five fingers ? Yes . Still ? No , there 's only four again . But you see now it is possible . Do you remember writing in your diary that it did not matter whether I was a friend or an enemy since at least I was a person who understood you and could be talked to ? You were right ! I enjoy talking to you , Winston . Your mind appeals to me . It resembles mine . Except , of course , you happen to be insane . Now . Before we end this session you may ask a few questions . What have you done with Julia ? She betrayed you . Immediately , unreservedly . You would scarcely recognise her . All the deceit , folly , rebelliousness , dirty-mindedness , burned out of her . A perfect conversion . You tortured her . Next question ? - Does Big Brother exist ? - Of course he does . The Party exists , he is the embodiment of the Party . But in the same way as I exist ? You do not exist . I think I exist though . I 'm conscious of my own identity . - Will he die ? - Of course not . How could he ? Sit down . Go on , Winston . Ask . How did you know ? Very well . What is in room 101 ? - You know , Winston . - No . Everyone knows what is in room 101 . Take him back to his cell . Winston , do not imagine that you will save yourself . No one who has once gone astray is ever spared . Even if we chose to let you live out your life , you would never escape , promise . What happens to you here is for ever . Things will happen to you here from which you could not recover if you lived a thousand years . Never again will you be capable of ordinary human feelings . Of love , or friendship , or joy of living , Of laughter , or curiosity , or courage , or integrity . You will be hollow . We shall squeeze you empty and then we shall fill you with ourselves . Have you understood , Winston ? 195 . You have learnt , Winston , now you must understand . You have red the book , Goldstein 's book , parts of it at least . The program it sets forth is nonsense . The secret spread of knowledge , of proletarian rebellion , the overthrow of the Party ... It could not happen in a thousand years , or a million . I know . I wrote the book . Now , start with this thought : " The rule of the Party is for ever " . Remember it , Winston . 220 . No . Take him away . Winston , Winston ! You know how the Party keeps power . Now tell me why . You are ruling us for our own good . Because we are not fit to govern ourselves . That was stupid , Winston . I want intelligence . The Party seeks power for its own sake . Not as a means but an end . Power over the human mind . And power over whole ... matter , climate , decease , the laws of gravity , because we control the mind . Reality is inside the skull of yours . We control the laws of nature . The stars are not light-years , but a few kilometres away . We wished we could block them out . Here . That is power . In our world there will no love but the love of Big Brother . No laughter , but the laugh of triumph over the defeated enemy . No art , no science , no literature , no enjoyment . But always and only , Winston , there will be the thrill of power . If you want a picture of the future imagine a boot stamping on a human face for ever . ... prepared to commit sabotage or even murder ? To betray your country to a foreign power ? Yes . To cheat , forge , blackmail , disseminate drugs ? Yes . Your promises , Winston . And you consider yourself superior to us with our lies and our cruelty ... Is that the spirit of man you hope would arise and defeat us ? It must ... It must defeat you . I don 't know ... I don 't know how ... Oh , somehow you 'll fail . If you are a man , Winston , you are the last man . Release him . Your kind is extinct . We are the inheritors . Do you understand that you are alone ? There is a mirror . You shall see yourself , the guardian of the human spirit , as you really are . Look . If you are human , that is humanity . My poor friend , you 're almost well . Look in my eyes . It is not enough to obey Big Brother , You now know what is needed . Who it is you must love . You did that ... - to her ? - What was that ? Be careful , Winston . Now . Julia . Julia ! Julia , my love ... You once asked me what was in room 101 . It is there that we have the means to root out the last lingering deception . Pick him up . What happens in room 101 is the worst thing in the world . It varies from individual to individual . It can be death by burning , burial alive , or something quite trivial , not even fatal . In your case , we both know that the worse thing in the world happens to be ... No , no , no ... ! Oh , please , O 'Brien ! What did you want me to do ? No ! By itself pain is not always enough . Here in room 101 you are meeting the unbearable . Courage and cowardice are not involved . You 'll do what is required of you . What is it ? How can I do it when I don 't know what it is ? You will find out , you know . As you will see , this is a mask . It fits over the head leaving no exit . When the plastic door is raised up , the rats will shoot out like bullets . It was a common punishment in Imperial China . The rats were caught in the sewers a week ago . Now they 're starving . No , do it to Julia ! Do it to Julia ! Not me ! Julia ! I don 't care what you do to her ! It 's Julia . Not me ! Not me ! Compliments of the house , comrade . 25 cents . You 've been entitled to come here for the next three months . You might as well make use of this while you can . If you want your regular place reserved just let me know . That 's all . Here we go again . Bad news all day . Pincer movement by the Eurasian forces towards Brazzaville . It 's not just a matter of losing the Congo , anything might be happening out there . Stand by for an important announcement from the Ministry of Peace at 20 : 30h . This is news of the highest importance . Stand by at 20 : 30 hours . Good evening , comrade . - Good evening . - The usual table , comrade ? - Where ? - The usual place ? I 've got a place reserved already for you . There 's a special bulletin at 20 : 30 hours . Sounds bad . Is Julia ? I 've ... I 've been out for 3 weeks . I 've got a committee job . It 's quite hard work . I betrayed you . I betrayed you . Sometimes they ... threaten you with something you can 't stand up to , can 't even think about . And you say : Don 't do it yo me , do it to ... so and so . Afterwards you pretend you only said it , didn 't really mean it . That 's not true . At that time you want it to happen to the other person . After that , you don 't feel the same about the other person any longer . No . No , you don 't . Underneath the spreading chestnut tree I sold you and you sold me . They lie here and here lied we 'neath the spreading chestnut tree . We must meet again . Yes . Shall I keep the place for you ? No . - - tonight , eh ? 20 : 30 hours . This is it . It 's victory ! Victory after all . Comrades , here is the bulletin from the Ministry of Peace . It tells of victory . Victory . By means of a strategic manoeuvre unparallelled in the history of warfare our brave troops have utterly routed vastly superior Eurasian forces . The whole of this magnificent and secret operation was inspired and conducted by Big Brother . It is his military genius alone , that has brought control of the whole of Africa within measurable distance of realisation . This colossal victory ... [ Love ... ] [ suddenly , so suddenly ... ] [ My victory ... ] [ Love , love , love ... ] [ I love ... ] [ Big Brother . ]
