 In the 1st world war , and for the first time in the history of man , nations combined to fight agents nations , using the crude weapons of those days . The second world war involved every continent on the globe and men turned to science for new devices of warfare which reached an unparalleled peak in their capacity for destruction . And now , fraught with the terrible weapons of super-science , menacing all mankind and every creature on earth , comes ... Subtitles and SubFX By : MightyMike77020 . Special thanks to the Square Dance Guru : Stewart Kramer for his help with the square dance calls . No one would have believed that in the middle of the twenty century that human affairs were being watched keenly and closely by intelligences greater than mans . Yet , across the gulf of space on the planet Mars , intellects vast and cool and unsympathetic regarded our earth with enviously , eyes slowly and surely drawing their plans against us . Mars is more than 140 million miles from the sun . And for centuries it has been in the last stages of exhaustion . At night , temperatures drop far below zero , even at its equator . The inhabitants of this dying planet looked across space with instruments and intelligences of which we have scarcely dreamed , searching for another world to which they could migrate . They could not go to Pluto , outer-most of all planets so cold that its atmosphere lies frozen on its surface . They couldn 't go to Neptune or Uranus , twin worlds in eternal night , and perpetual cold . Both surrounded by an unbreathable atmosphere of methane gas and ammonia vapor . The martians considered Saturn , an attractive world , with its many moons and beautiful ring 's of cosmic dust but its temperature is close to 270 degrees below zero , and ice lies 15,000 miles deep on its surface . Their nearest world was giant Jupiter , where there are titanic cliffs of lava and ice , with hydrogen flaming at the tops , where the atmospheric pressure is terrible . Thousands of pounds to the square inch . They couldn 't go there . Nor could they go to Mercury , nearest planet to the sun . It has no air , and the temperature at its equator is that of molten lead . Of all the worlds that the intelligences on Mars could see and study , only our own warm earth was green with vegetation , bright with water , and possessed a cloudy atmosphere eloquent of fertility . It did not occur to mankind that a swift fate might be hanging over us . Or that from the blackness of outer space we were being scrutinized and studied . Until the time of our nearest approach to the orbit of Mars during a pleasant summer season ... - Is that a fireball or something ? - Boy , that 's big . Maybe it 's a comet . Oh ! Boy , that had me scared . - I wonder where it lit ? - Miles away I bet you . - Hey , let 's go find it . - Probably dropped halfway to Pomona . Oh , it 's nearer than that . I 'm gonna see . Who 's coming ? This is Pine Summit . I got a smoke . - 160 , 30 . - Azimuth : 160 degrees , 30 minutes . Big ? I bet it 's as big as anything that ever lit in California . Better get something over there . It 's started a blaze already . Over here . Spray it this way . You there , with a shovel . Come over here with the shovel . Get in there or we 're going to have a brush fire . Somebody get some water over here . C 'mon , c 'mon . Let me get in there . Out of the way . Start spraying water . Bring that hose over here . Get this quick fellas . Keep that it . Hey , grab this . Lend a hand over here . Number three to D.O. , number three to D.O. ≡ ⌁ D.O. To number three , come in . ⌁ ≡ . We 're getting this under control . We won 't need any more help . Over . ≡ ⌁ Okay , send the tanker in , but you stand by until that thing cools off . Over . ⌁ ≡ I think someone ought to check on it . Over . ≡ ⌁ Well there some fellas fishing at Pines Summit , I think their scientist . ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ They probably saw it come down . I 'll let them know . ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ What 's it look like ? ⌁ ≡ . Can 't get near enough to see it very well . It 's too hot . But it 's a whale of a size . I got a message for you . You 're the guys from Pacific Tech , ain 't you ? Right . - Looks like the fishing was good . - Have some ? Well , I might just do that . It 's about that meteor . They say it 's a whopper . The district officer phoned us at the lookout , up on the summit . I thought you might be interested . It 's about ten or twelve miles from here here . Over by Linda Rosa . Are they sure it 's a meteor ? It didn 't come down like one . That 's right . It came down kinda ' in spurts , didn 't it ? Well , you fellows figure it out . You 're scientists . All I know , they say it 's as big as a house and practically red hot . I 'd like to borrow your car and take a look at it in the morning . We ought to get back . - I can fly Bilder back down in your plane . - Okay , the insurance is paid up . - Light ? - No , I 'll smoke it later . Don 't go to close . Did you watch it come down ? I seen it from my window . Harold , Carroll come here a minute . Step over a little . Just a little and hold . Smile . It must have hit way up there , and then skidded along the gully . After it stopped , all that loose earth and stuff shook down over it . Excuse me . I guess most of it 's buried . That 's twelve feet thick , easy . Maybe more . Meteors always run heavy . They won 't be able to haul this one away to no museum ! It 'll be a real good attraction for Sunday drivers . Better than a lion farm or snake pit . We won 't have to feed it . Sure , we can sell the tamales and enchiladas and hot dogs too ! Yeah . Ice cream , cold drinks , souvenirs ! I think we should put up a few picnic tables . Naw , naw , then they 'd bring their own lunches ! What 's the idea , Buck ? Gonna dig for gold ? You think you 're kidding ? This is gonna be like having a gold mine in our own back yard ! I 'm gonna get a closer look at it . Lucky it didn 't come down in the middle of town . I wonder who owns this property ? That 's it over there . It 's still pretty darned hot . - Be careful , Buck . - Yeah , watch it Buck . Hot for ya ' down there ? It 's pretty hot their . Did you see it come down ? Yes , I was fishing up in the hills . Yes , I was fishing up in the hills . You must have caught plenty with all that tackle ! Oh , there were three of us . The others flew back in my plane . I don 't understand why a meteor that size didn 't make a bigger crater . It hit sideways and skidded in . At least , that 's what I think . I don 't really know . But the ranger says a scientist is coming from Pacific Tech . He 'll tell us . Clayton Forester . Ever hear of him ? What 's that fellow trying to do over there , dig it out ? He 's top man in astro and nuclear physics . He knows all about meteors ! You seem to know all about him . I did a thesis on modern scientists I did a thesis on modern scientists I did a thesis on modern scientists working for my masters degree . - Did it do you any good ? - Why , sure , I got it ! - Say , do you have a match ? - No , I 'm sorry . I don 't smoke . Forester 's the man behind the new atomic engines . They had him on the cover of ' Time ' . You 've got to rate to get that ! Na , he isn 't that good . Well now how can you say that when you don 't even know him ! I do know him ... slightly . Oh , what 's he like ? Well , he 's like eh ... Like eh ... Oh , well you certainly don 't look like yourself in that get-up Dr. Forster ! But I am happy to meet you anyway . I 'm Sylvia Van Buren . I teach library science over at USC . I didn 't know how to stop you . I might have recognized you without the beard and you didn 't wear glasses on the ' Time ' cover ! They 're really for long distance . When I want to look at something close I take them off . Boy you could fry eggs on that thing ! All that sand will keep the heat in for a long time . Oh , Uncle Matthew , this is Dr. Clayton Forester . My Uncle , Dr. Matthew Collins , Pastor of the Community Church . Well-l ... how do you do , Dr. Forester ! How d ' you do , sir ? Hey , you ! What you got in here , feller ? ... It 's ticking like a bomb ! This is a Geiger counter for detecting radioactivity . We did a little bit of surveying while we were up in the hills . - It 's that meteor . - It 's radioactive ? Yes . It 's difficult to account for a reaction like that . Look at it . It 's going crazy ! Maybe we ought to keep people away from it , huh ? It might be a good idea . I 'll post two-three deputies . They can make sure it don 't start any more fires . You know , that meteor 's either very light , which is unheard of or else it 's hollow somehow . If it were heavy and solid it would have made a tremendous crater when it landed . I think I 'll wait around until it cools off . If you could tell me of a place in town , I 'd like to clean up . I 'd be delighted if you 'd stay at my house , Doctor Forester . Thank you . It probably won 't be cool for another twenty-four hours . What do people do around here on a Saturday ? They don 't do much of anything ! There 's a square dance at the social hall this evening . ♪ Allemande left and the lady star . ♪ ♪ Gents walk around but not too far . ♪ ♪ Allemande left and the gentleman star ♪ ♪ ladies walk around but not too far . ♪ ♪ First and Third , you balance and swing . ♪ ♪ Promenade the outside ring . ♪ ♪ Three quarter round the outside ring . ♪ ♪ Thru that couple and not too far . ♪ ♪ Meet in the center with a right-hand star . ♪ ♪ Swing your corner with with a left hand around ♪ ♪ Once and a half like a merry-go-round ♪ Well , let 's take another look at it . Almost cold now , ain 't it ? That won 't start no more fires . We might 's well go home . Yeah . No sense staying ' out here . Let 's go . Hey , it 's moving ! - It 's a bomb ! - It don 't go off last night ... - Maybe it 's gonna go off now , eh . - It 's an enemy sneak attack . Let 's get outta here ! Wait a minute ! Wait a minute . Bombs don 't unscrew . It 's no meteor . That 's for sure . Darnedest thing I ever saw , the way that 's unscrewing . Thank you , Doctor Forester . You having fun ? Yup . And you know what I was thinking ? If we could gather all the energy expended in just one square dance , we could send that meteor back to where it came from . Must be somebody in there . Who ? Where d ' you think they come from ! How would I know . I read someplace , Mars is near the earth right now . Happens every eighteen , twenty years , they say . Men from Mars ... - What do you think ? - Maybe these are not men , not like us . Everything human doesn 't have to look like you and me . If it 's men from Mars , we ought to let them know we 're friendly . Don 't fool around with something when you don 't know what it is ! We 'd be the first to make contact with ' em , see ? We 'd be in all the papers . How about that ! We could show ' em we 're friendly , huh ? Walk out there with a white flag ! Hay I-I-I got an old sugar sack in my car . What are we going to say to them ? " Welcome to California . " Come on . - We 're friends ! - Yeah ! Hay there . Open up ! - How will they understand us ? - We 're talkin ' sign language . - They 'll understand us , all right ! - Sure . Sure ! Everybody understands when you wave the white flag , you wanna be friends . - Hey there , open up ! - Come on out ! We 're friends ! That 's right ! We welcome you . We 're friends ! ♪ Hay ! No smooching in the dark , folks . Any candles around ? Hay , look , look . All the lights in town have gone out . Somebody found some candles . I like it in the dark . Call the electric company and see what happened . Okay . Hey , the phone 's gone dead . That 's funny , the phone not on the same circuit as the lights . What are they saying honey ? Something 's wrong with my hearing aid . Well , we always play ' Goodnight , Ladies ' at twelve o 'clock , anyway . It must be nearly that now . - My watch has stopped . - I 've got the time . - Huh ? Mine 's stopped , too . - So 's mine ! Jeepers , mine ain 't workin ' ! What is this ? They 've all stopped at the same time . There 's only one explanation for a thing like this . Do you have a pin ? ᴼʰ ˡᵒᵒᵏ . ᴸᵒᵒᵏ Cᵃⁿ ʸᵒᵘ ᵇᵉᵃᵗ ᵗʰᵃᵗ See that ? My watch is magnetized . That 's what knocked the phones out , too . How could it happen to everybody 's watch altogether ? - Have you have a pocket compass ? - Yup . Hay , that needle isn 't pointing north ! It 's pointing out to the gully where that meteor came down . Alright folks , let me through ! Let me through ! What 's going on ? I don 't know any more than you do , Joe . Look at the fire out there ! The power lines are down . That explains why the lights went out . Look ... Hey , look at the cars ! Where are the three men you left out here ? Look there ! People in town started to follow us . Don 't let them come near here . Jump ! Get under cover ! What is that gizmo ? I think that " gizmo , " is a machine from another planet . We 'd better get word to the authorities . Look ! Sheriff , you 'd better get word to the military . You 're going to need them out here ! Get moving . On the double . Take cover along the riverbed . Get those 30 's over here . The area is under control of the marines from El Toro base , and the gully is surrounded . Oh , and here is Professor McPherson from the Canadian Meteorological Research Council ! Is it true professor , you 've had reports of landings in other places ? In Canada ? Not in Canada yet , but in Bordeaux , France . Some in Spain ... There 's supposed to be one down near the Gulf of Tarantino , Italy we 're trying to locate the second meteor that landed in this vicinity just about midnight . Do you think they come from Mars ? What do you think , Doctor Forester ? Oh , it 's possible . At least , it seems certain they 're from some planet other than our own . ≡ ⌁ Suppose they are martians , professor . What would they look like ? ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ Bigger than us ? Smaller ? ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ Well , as to martians , our gravitational pull would weigh them down . ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ Our heavier air would oppress them . ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ But d ' you think they 'd be breathing creatures like us ? ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ What about hearts and blood and all that ? ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ But if they are martians , and if they do have hearts , ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ they 'd almost certainly beat at a slower rate . ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ Their veins might be distended . Their senses could be quite different . ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ They may , for instance , be able to smell colors . ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ Precedent in our own evolution to make it possible ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ that they have more than one brain . ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ You mean two ? Three ? Just think of that folks ! ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ It 's only speculation . ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ Now , Doctor Forester , what about these meteor machines ? ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ They 're probably controlled by jets after they enter our atmosphere . ⌁ ≡ ≡ ⌁ And navigated by some form of gyroscopic mechanism . ⌁ ≡ . Thank you , Doctor Forester . Oh , colonel . Can you tell us anything about this plane that 's coming over . It 'll drop a flare , that 's the only way we dare put a light on them . Then Air Force cameramen will get pictures . That was marine colonel Ralph Hefner . There 's been a lot of mysterious activity around the machine . Lights and dust , as if they are digging themselves out . There it comes again ! If this keeps up , it 'll be a guide for the plane when it comes over . - Is that the plane now ? - That 's the signal . The pilot has just blipped his motor . That means he 's dropped the flare . He 's flying high , so it 'll take a few seconds for it to come down . When it does burst , we shall be the first men on earth to get a real look at these invaders from space . They 're after the plane with their rays ! Get out of here ! Jump for it ! We are taking ... Hey , they turned me off ! They got my truck ! It looks like they 're going to come out of that gully pretty soon . We 'll have to rush our defenses and be ready when they do . You 're going to need plenty of reinforcements . We 'll get ' em . They got the fire road blocked . Truck turned over . The troops are certainly moving in here ! I know you sent word to the sixth army command ! I just told them the local situation . Colonel Hefner 's in charge . You never know where you 'll wind up when you go to a square dance , do you ? Runner ? Wheres the runner ? - That 's D-24 . - Right . Now locate your observation post on this hill . Position your recoilless 75 's back here . Carbon Canyon . Yes sir . - I want your battery here . - All right . You may find at daylight that you 're to expose , so keep your prime movers ready to pull you out fast . But you 'll get first crack at ' em . - That 'll suit me ! That all , sir ? - Colonel Hefner . Yes . Report when you 're set up . Heffner ... half-tracks ? Okay . Get in back of hill thuh-ree . Repeat : Hill 3 . If it 's a moving target , follow up from there . - Right . - Number 7 do you hear me ? Anybody get a look at the martians yet ? They 've located that second meteor . Weapons truck turned over on the road . Take action and report . Company tactical net out of action . No radio . Range 1 ... 8 ... 0 ... there 's one , there 's the other . Here we are right between them . So is the town , I notice ! I warned them to be ready if they have to evacuate . I just came to tell you , everyone has been alerted . Hup ! As you were . General Mann , I was told to expect you sir . I 'm Colonel Heffner . I 'm here to make up a report , not to interfere with the operations you 've set up . You 're still in command . Clayton Forester , I haven 't seen you since Oak Ridge . Good to see you , General . This is Pastor Collins , Sheriff Bogany , head of local control . - Miss Van Buren . - Miss Van Buren . How do you do General . Would you care for some coffee ? Thank you . General Mann 's in charge of intelligence for the pacific area . That 's their position ? You 've certainly got them surrounded . I suppose they 've neutralized all communications here . Not all sir . Radio is out . But our field phones are okay so far . And they 'll go out the minute there 's another heat ray . A cylinder reported down by Huntington Beach . That 's a job for the Navy . Any news from abroad ? Washington is in constant touch with the military of other nations . Apparently they 're coming down all over . South America , Santiago has two cylinders . They 're outside London . They 're in Naples . We 've got them between here and Fresno . Outside Sacramento . Two on long island . They 're just coming down at random . No . According to information from foreign sources , their working at some kind of plan . What it may be isn 't clear yet , simply because once they begin to move , no more news comes out of that area . We 've had reports of destruction , massacre . Here 's an instance ! " Town of St. Julian , south of Bordeaux , " wiped out by ray of undetermined nature . " Local reports say nothing remains . " " Nothing remains . " What do you make of that ? All we 've seen is the heat ray they use . Some of our newest weapons are in here . - We want to be sure to stop them . - We will sir . From the data and from that picture the Air Force took earlier tonight what we 've got out there this is the original pilot ship . From the basis of its observations the others were guided down . Pattern wise , one lands , then two , making groups of three joined magnetically . - Is that possible ? - If they do it , it is . My orders are not to go into action unless they move out of the shelter of that gully . Meanwhile we 'll have a chance to observe them . This is the only place we 've had time to surround them with sufficient force to contain them . What happens here will be a guide to other operations . When it actually begins and a pattern of defense develops , I 'll get my report to Washington . You 've deployed your forces well . Thank you sir . If they start anything , we can blast them right off the earth ! They 'll probably move at dawn . There 's something moving in the gully . Look at it , will you . Beings from another world . - Is that some kind of a flying machine ? - No-no . It 's supported from the ground by rays . Probably some form of magnetic flux . Like invisible legs . This is amazing . They must keep the opposing poles in balance and lift the machine . Stand by to fire . All command posts , stand by to fire . But colonel , shooting 's no good . It 's always been a good persuader . Shouldn 't you try communicating with them first , then shoot later , if you have to ? Target as indicated . Repeat target as indicated . I think we should try to make them understand we mean them no harm . There 's another machine coming out . They are living creatures out there . But they 're not human ! Dr. Forester says they 're some kind of an advanced civilization , if they 're more advanced than us , they should be nearer the creator for that reason . No real attempt has been made to communicate with them , you know . Let 's go back inside , Uncle Matthew . I 've done all I can in there . You go back . Sylvia ... I like that Dr. Forester . He 's a good man . Attention all batteries ! Prepare for volley fire ! Repeat , prepare for volley fire ! Who 's that ? What 's he think he 's doing ? - UNCLE ! UNCLE MATTHEW ! STOP HIM ! - It 's too late . He 's too far away . Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil . Stop him ! Stop him ! It 's seen him . Thou anointest my head with oil . My cup runneth over . And I will dwell in the house of the lord forever ... Ahhh ! - Let ' em have it ! - Fire ! Those shells can 't get through them ! They 've put up some sort of electromagnetic covering . A protective blister . Augh ! That skeleton beam must be what they used to wipe out the French city . It neutralize mesons somehow . They 're the atomic glue that holds matter together . Cut across their lines of magnetic force and any object will cease to exist . Take my word for it , General . This type of defense is useless agents that kind of power . You 'd better let Washington know . Fast . - Hold them as long as you can ! - Right sir . Ahhh ! Ahhh ! Order all command posts ! Everything pull back north of highway sixty tunnel bunker ! Right . Ahh ! Everybody out of here ! Everybody out ! The Air Force will take care of these babies now . Dr. Forester , get out of here . Everybody out of here . Everybody out-ahh ! You 'll hit something ! Can 't you go higher ? No . The air will be full of jets in a minute . And there they are ! Ohhh ! Read all about the martian invasion . They 're in New York and Miami . Fighting outside Los Angeles . Read all about it . Hold it right there , General . Please . You 're the gentlemen I asked to come here . General Mann , what d 'you think of this situation , is it your opinion the army can hold ' em ? You had guns and equipment going out there all night ! Weren 't they enough to ... C 'mon break it up . The way he 's hedging , maybe the army didn 't hold ' em ! I 've seen news off the pacific cable . Sydney Australia , Penang , Rangoon India .. Whats coming through , nobody 's stopped them yet . I wanna ' know , if the city must be evacuated ... Were ready . Lots of people have already moved out . We 've mobilized emergency cars and busses in the yard . The Red Cross is standing by . For your in-formation , the enemy is twenty-five or thirty miles outside Los Angeles . They 're not down in force yet , but developing . It can happen at any minute . The crisis will come if they move toward the metropolitan area ... - Washington is on the line , sir . - General Mann . I 'd say our effective losses were 60 % men , 90 % material . The jets went in , but not one of them came out . I watched high-level bombers drop everything they carried . They were knocked out of the sky and the bombs did nothing . Nothing was effective against them ! Yes , they have some sort of electronic umbrella . It 's quite impenetrable . Doctor Forester believes they generate atomic force without the heavy screening we use , that 's where they get the power for their rays ! Very well , sir . Call Victorville . Tell them I want the fastest plane they 've got ! You 'll get all further instructions from Sixth Army Command . Now I 'll make a statement to those reporters . All right fellas , the General will see you now . General , we heard Doctor Clayton Forester was out there with you . What 's he think about this ? Ask him . He 's back at Pacific Tech . No , he 's not ! We tried to get him there . He hasn 't shown up . Wake up . Let 's get moving , huh ? Are you all right ? - It 's that machine ! - It 's gone . - Where are we ? - Southwest of Corona , somewhere . There must have been another cylinder down here . They 've been through this whole area and cleared everybody out . There 's a farmhouse out there . Let 's see if we can find something to eat . We 're doing all right . You know I almost forgot when I ate last . Hay , that looks good . You know , mostly I get my meals in coffee shops and restaurants . Don 't you live at home ? No , on campus . I haven 't any family . I come from a big one . There 's nine of us , all in Minnesota . Except me . I have no close folks . My parents died when I was a kid . A big family must be fun . I imagine ... I imagine it makes you feel you belong to something . It does . Maybe that 's why I feel lost right now . We 'll get out of here safely , don 't worry . But they seem to murder everything that moves . If they 're mortal , they must have mortal weaknesses . They 'll be stopped , somehow ! I 've been as close to them as anyone . But not close enough for real observation . I feel like I did one time when I was small . Awful scared and lonesome . I 'd wandered off ... I 've forgotten why but the family and whole crowds of neighbors were hunting for me . They found me in a church . I was afraid to go in any place else . I stayed right by the door , praying for the one who loved me best to come and find me . It was Uncle Matthew who found me . I liked him . He liked you . Oh , I could bawl my head off . But you 're not going to . You 're not the kind . Look , you 're tired . You 've been up all night . You cracked up in a plane . Slept in a ditch . But you want to know something ? It doesn 't show on you at all . Get down ! - How long was I out ? - Hours . I 've been so scared ! They 're right outside . Several of them came down together . There 's a machine standing right alongside of us . An electronic eye . Like a television camera . It 's looking for us . Maybe they 're not too sure we 're here . They could be as curious about us as we are about them . Maybe . Maybe they want to take us alive . It 's pulling out . Can 't we get out of here ? Ohh ! Something moved out there ! - There 's nothing there now . - It was ... One of them ! What was it like ? I couldn 't see much in the dark but it was one ! We 're right in a nest of ' em ! I 've got to get a look at them . They 've blocked it ! It 's blocked here , too . They 've pushed earth all around the outside . Here , this is the way . The stairway up to the attic . Look out ! Eeee-aaaaa-ee ! Your scarf . It 's wet . Blood ... No . No . No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! - Stop it . Stop it ! - No ! It 's not right ! We 've got to make a run for it . Come on ! The martians had calculated their descent on our earth with amazing perfection and subtly . As more of their cylinders came from the mysterious depths of space , their war machines , awesome in their power and complexity , created a wave of fear which swept into all corners of the world . In every country , governments officials met in desperate conclave seeking ways to coordinate their defenses with those of other nations . The government of India driven from new Delhi met in a rail road coach , while massive Hindu population streamed for the imagined safety of the far away Himalayas . The Finnish and Turkish armies , Chinese battalions and Bolivians worked and fought furiously . Every effort against the tremendous power of their other-world antagonists ended in the same tragic route . As the martians burned fields and forests , and great cities fell before them , huge populations were driven from their homes . The stream of flight rose swiftly to a torrent . It became a giant stampede , without order and without goal . It was the beginning of the rout of civilization , of the massacre of humanity . A great silence fell over half of Europe , as all communication was disrupted . When the last wire photo out of Paris reached the French cabinet , exiled in Strasbourg they hit upon the idea of using super-speed jets as couriers . Stripped of armament and loaded with extra fuel , these planes maintained connections with Scandinavian countries . North Africa , the United States and especially with England . It was plain the martians appreciated the strategic significance of the British isles . The people of Britain met the invaders magnificently , but it was unavailing . As the martians swept northward toward London , the British cabinet stayed in session , coordinating every item of information that could be gathered , passing it on to the United Nations in New York , from there the news was forwarded to Washington , because here was the only remaining unassailed strategic point . 48 ° North due west 31 East . Anchored out of Kirov . Dover blanked out . Major Bently Dauton . Report to General Mann . Teléfono para El Coronel José Martínez . Teléfono número once . 80 west by 38 north . Contact civil authorities . Capitaine ... And this much is certain . It 's vital to prevent the martian machines from linking up . Once they do , they adopt an extraordinary military tactic . They form a Crescent , anchor it at one end and sweep on until they 've cleared a quadrant . Then they anchor the opposite end and reverse direction . They slash across country like scythes , wiping out everything that 's trying to get away from them . That 's explains why communications is cut the moment their machines begin moving . Montreal 's blacked out . Nothing more has come through . The same thing that happened on our pacific coast . Anything from them yet ? No , Mr. secretary . We 've had nothing from San Francisco for over five hours . Excuse me gentlemen , here 's that Los Angeles picture , sir . This is a Sonic radar picture taken from extreme altitude . It shows full details of the martian nest outside Los Angeles . Their machines appear as round blobs . Newly fallen cylinders are elongated . We know there are three cylinders to each group , three machines to each cylinder . All right , I 've seen enough . Theirs only one thing will stop the martians ! We 've held back because of the danger of radiation to civilians . Now there 's no choice . The white house will confirm an order to use the atom bomb . Then our first target will be the initial landing place outside Los Angeles . First thing you get there , arrange for the Pacific Tech scientist to monitor the drop . I 'll send wire orders ahead of you and have the area cleared all around . We 've still time to hit them before dark . Then we 'll blast them all over the world . Forester , everybody 's been looking for you ! I know . We 've walked halfway from Corona ! Finally found an abandoned truck . This is Miss Van Buren . Dr. Grotzman , Dr. Pryor , James , Bilderbeck . What 's this I hear about the A-bomb ? We 've been assigned a special detail we 're going in right after it . - Study its effect . - We leave in half an hour . - What 's that ? - A king-size fish eye ? This is an electronic eye . The martians modeled it after their own eye . They use it the way we use a periscope . It 'll tell us a lot about their metals and alloys . If this is actually a lens , we can find out about their optics . - Interesting , very interesting . - And this ... The blood of a martian . I don 't remember ever seeing blood crystals as anemic as these . They may be mental giants , but by our standards , physically , they must be very primitive . Isn 't it curious how everything about them seems to be in threes ? Their eyes have three lenses and three distinct pupils , strong light shocks them . They 're not accustomed to it ! Sunlight on Mars is approximately half as strong as we get it . Add their clouds and dust , it amounts to no more than our twilight . Now , if you 'll step over here please . We 've rigged the epidiascope to reflect whatever the martian lens picks up . Move in a little . Thank you . There 's how the martians see us . Evidently there 's a shift in their spectrum . Their color absorption must be different from ours . Let 's see why they were so curious about you , Miss Van Buren . Time we got started , gentlemen . Let 's go . That 's martian blood . Let 's make a quick analysis and see what we 've got ! - It might give us something . - Something we could use . Oh , let it go . If you 're interested in martian blood , you 'll get all you want right after the plane drops the bomb ! The Flying Wing is going to carry it . Hello tower , this is Air Force Flying Wing , ready for take-off . Over . Flying Wing , this is the tower . Clear for take-off . Over . Wish us luck . Roger . The target for the A-bomb is this nest of martian machines in the Puente Hills where more of these meteors cylinders came down early last evening . A plane will pinpoint the target for the drop from six miles up . We have been warned that this bomb is ten times more powerful than anything previously used . It 's the latest thing in nuclear fission . Nothing like this has ever been exploded before . And we 're going to be pretty darn close , but there are observers down in the valley in a forward bunker and they 'll be a lot nearer than us ! The whole world is waiting . For this will decide the fate of civilization . All humanity ... Whether we live or die may depend on what happens here . Attention , please , four minutes to bomb time ! There must be a couple of million people back of us in the shelter of the San Gabriel hills . Waiting ... Waiting to find out whether they can go home again . Everywhere all around the world , people have been driven from their homes . Direct cable communication is being maintained with Washington , but there 's no radio at all . Not even with the bombing plane that 's coming over . All radio is dead , which means that these tape recordings I 'm making are for the sake of future history , if any . " Future history , " he said . Yes , " if any . " Bilderbeck has calculated how long we have got until martians take over the entire world . If the A-bomb fails , that is . The martians can conquer the earth in six days . The same number of days it took to create it . Attention , please ... two minutes to bomb time ! Prepare to take shelter . If you have no goggles , turn away . Remember , the heat flash and concussion that follow are dangerous . 50 seconds . - There 's the plane . - Right . 40 seconds . - We 've sighted the plane , sir . - Right . 30 seconds . Look . Look ! They 're using those protective blisters again . Twenty seconds . Attention ! Stand by . 15 seconds . 10 seconds . 9 8 7 6 5 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 . Hello ! Hello ! Hello , there ! What can you see ? There 's something moving ! They haven 't even been touched ! It didn 't stop them . Guns , tanks , bombs , they 're like toys against them ! It 'll end only one way . We 're beaten . No ... not yet . Washington issued orders : In event the A-bomb failed , evacuate all cities in danger of attack they 'll be moving on Los Angeles now ! We 'll establish a line and fight them all the way back to the mountains . Our best hope lies in what you people can develop to help us . Alright , on the double . Get me back to ... " Six days , " you said . Six days ... They 'll stamp the city flat . We 'll take all our instruments and establish a base laboratory in the rocky mountains . It 'll give us time to search out some weakness in the martians . A forlorn hope , but there is a chance . We may get a lead from the anemic blood . You mean by some biological approach ? We know now that we can 't beat their machines , we 've got to beat them ! Everybody listen carefully ! The martians are coming this way . We must evacuate the city . Take food , water and extra clothing with you . All major highways have been marked to lead you to shelter and welfare centers in the hills . Come on . Come on . Keep going . Keep going . Keep them going there . Keep going . Come on ! - Gratzman , did you get those biotics ? - No , I thought you had them . Never mind , I 'll get them . You get in the school bus . Sylvia will drive you . Let me up ! Get off buster ! I 'll give you $ 500 for your place . I 'll make it $ 1,000 . Money 's no good anymore , Mack ! Here comes another truck ! Throw that guy off there ! Stop , you fools ! You fools ! - Quick , help me we 've got to stop them ! - You can 't stop them ! The law 's no good here now . There thieves robbers worse they wouldn 't leave with the rest . It 's like this all over . They gotta be stopped ! Those instruments ! Hold it ! Hold it a minute ! We 've got to get those instruments . They 're our only chance ! Did that mob grab the trucks ahead of me ? There were a lot of Pacific Tech people in those trucks , did you see them ? I don 't know anything about other trucks . There 's been fighting all over . A school bus . A girl was driving ? Did they get that ? If they saw it , they took it . They 'll grab anything on wheels . You can 't buy a ride for love of money ! Gratzman ! Bilderbeck ! Sylvia ! Hey you , better get out of here ! I 'm looking for some Pacific Tech professors ! There 's nobody left around here now . We had a chance . We could have stopped them ! The mob stole the trucks and smashed everything up . The fools ! They cut their own throats ! He 's nuts ... come on , jump in . Hurry up . Jump in ! There was a girl with them . If I could find her ... Come on , jump in , will you ? - She 's kind of lost . - You look kind of lost yourself . But I think I know where she 'll be . C 'm on , c 'm on ! It 's your last chance to get outta here ! ♪ Amen ♪ We humbly beseech thy divine guidance , O Lord . Deliver us from the fear which has come upon us . From the evil that grows ever nearer . From the terror that soon will knock upon the very door of this , thy house . O Lord , we pray thee . Grant us the miracle of thy divine intervention . Don 't go , son . Stay with us . No , I 'm looking for someone . She 'll be in a church , near the door . - Forester ! - Duprey , Bilderbeck ! Are you ? Where are the others ? The mob attacked us . We don 't know what happened to the rest . I got knocked under our truck . Duprey pulled me out . What happened to Sylvia ? We never did see her again . In our peril we plead . Succour and comfort us in this hour . Please , God . Sylvia ! Ahh ! Sylvia ! Ahh ! Sylvia ! - Here ! Here ! - Sylvia ! Let me through ! Please ! Maybe they 've gone . You alright ? Something 's happening to them ! It 's dead . We were all praying for a miracle . The martians had no resistance to bacteria in our atmosphere to which we have long since become immune . Once they had briefed our air germs , which no longer affect us , began to kill them . The end came swiftly . All over the world their machines began to stop and fall after all that man could do had failed , the martians were destroyed and humanity was saved by the littlest thing . Which god in his wisdom had put upon this earth . Subtitles By : MightyMike77020 . Special thanks to the Square dance guru : Stewart Kramer .
