 This is a story of the future , but not the very distant future . It is story that might have taken place the day after tomorrow . Like all stories , of the future , however . It 's beginnings lie far back in the past . As far back , as the first man on earth . To gaze at the stars And wonder , someday , somehow He might travel to them . Travel through space . In the years following , the second world war . two basic patterns began to influence the growing science of space travel . Rockets or guided missles . Grew larger and larger . Atomic power plants , grew smaller and smaller . Compact enough to be contained in an submarine . Finally in a rocket ship . Immediately by special order of the president , a new agency was formed . C. C. I. C. I. F. C. I. F. C. Civil Interplanetary Flight Commission . So with almost unlimited funds , voted by congress this commission began its task . Research in new fisionable materials , More research in non fisionable metalic alloys . To make rocket tubes that would not be melted like wax . By their own atomic blast . Sometimes mishaps occured . And men payed for them with their lives . But the work went on . Experiments in celestial navigation . Astrophysics . Aerodynamics . Until finially only one obstacle remain . That 's , as our story begins , Turned out to be the oldest obstacle in the history of mankind : The human factor ... Down ! Down ! Back ! on your speed ! - Not to fast ! - Now see here , Dr. Harrison . - Theres no Rush . - Steady ! Slower ! Slower ! . Really ! Dr. Harrison , this is intolerable . Dan ! Dan ! you alright ? . Dan ! Snap out of it ! yeh , yeh , yeh . Dan ! How do you feel ? OK ? Yeah , guess so . must of blacked out . Sit tight and take it easy . Now get him out of there , and over to the hospital . You see doctor , He wasn 't in any real danger . Under other forms of government , men are deliberately Killed or crippled everyday in experiments like this . Well I won 't stand by and see manslaught become policy here . I resent that implication . These men are volunters . Its too bad , The commissioner was most anxious , to have this test carried out to the extreme . So that he could discuss the results with Prof. Nordstrom . Well you can tell the commissioner and prof . Nordstrom ... Never mind I 'll tell him myself . The commissioners office . Oh good morning , general . Yes , profesor Nordstrom Is with commissioner now . No , I 'm sorry . - Dr. Harrison , whats the matter ? - I want to see the commissioner . Im sorry , Hes with professor Nordstrom . And if I can get copies of these for professor Nordstrom please . - I want to see you . - In just a few minutes Harrison .. - I can 't talk to you at the moment . - You don 't have to just listen . I resign , as of now . Harrison , what in the world is wrong with you ? I told you once before that I 'm not going to stand by any more and watch humans being turned into guinea pigs . My dear Harrison , The uncovering of knowledge must always involve risk for pioneers . Fortunately there 's always men and women ready to take those risks . - Now you know that as well as I do . - That 's not the point and you know it . We shouldn 't even be considering the use of test pilots in this first experimental ship . It 's not only inhuman , Unscientific and unintelligent , Thats quite enough ! We 'll resume this discussion later on . My ! you are in a state ! There 's my pass ... Staff card and a badge . You can send my papers down to the hotel . Just a moment , doctor . can 't leave the building without your exit pass you know . - Yes ! - Dr. Harrison ? This is Gilligan of Transglobal News , I 'm down in the lobby . As far I 'm concerned you can stay there ! Now hold on doc , all I want to know is Whats going on between you and Prof. Nordstrom ? Nothing ! - YES ! ? - This is the Washington Globe Dr. Harrison . Were trying to contact Prof. Nordstrom . Look if this is a gag , it 's not very funny I 've never even met prof . Nordstrom and theres no reason to suppose that I ever will ! - Dr. Harrison ? - Yes . Are you by any chance going to talk to me about Prof. Nordstrom ? - Why Yes . - In a way : Well let me tell you this ! A , He isn 't here . B , I don 't know where he is .. C , I never met him , D , I dont want to . Three missed statement out of four doctor .. Thats a bad average for a man of science . You see I am professor Nordstrom , And I 'm very glad to meet you at last . You are ? Why ? Because I 've followed your career with interest , And a , we see eye to eye , on a subject on which I 'm particularity concerned . We do ? I dont get it . Uh , perhaps , a little more seclusion Might be a good idea . You mind if I make myself comfortable ? No , go ahead . Well , the fact is doctor I overheard your little interview With the CIFI director this morning . As I just spent an hour telling him exactly what you told him so much more cordially , in a couple of minutes I was well , interested to say the least . You mean to tell me you think their wrong using human beings ? I know their wrong ! Before we can prepare men for the conditions their going to meet in exterestial space , We got to know what those conditions are . Not guess , but know . Thats what I 've been telling them all along . But the problem of getting there and back to collect accurate data Without the use of human pilots and observers is going to be a back breaker . On the contrary , I can almost say now , that I have it solved . With your colaboration , I think I can convert that " Almost " into an unqualified fact . Your attention Please ! Your attention Please ! Skyliner , flight number 1 for Los Angeles , Will board at south concorde , gate number 5 . In 15 minutes . So we can start work the moment we arrive , Without those all those coils of red tape hampering us all the time .. Ha , yeah I know whay you mean . I suppose that sprang from the secret nature of the project , In the first place . Top secret , ha . Someday before I 'm too old , I look forward to working on a job . Where I don 't have to burn the contents of my waste basket every night . You never can tell , what might be hiding in a waste basket ... Don 't tell me you security regulations . ... . my boy .. ... OK you were saying ... you 'll be showing me what you 've been working on since we have arrived . I have to , every minute counts now . Becuase we have to perfect my innovation Before the commission , is ready to send out its first ship . If we don 't ... .. Well ! well ! If it isn 't professor Nordstrom . I don 't know if you remember me or not ... Gilligan , Science editor of Transglobal News Service . You have to forgive me , Mr. Gilligan , But . I 've met so many journalist here in Washington . All you scientists are supossed to be absent minded . Me , I 'm trained to never to forget a face . - I 'm afraid were talking shop Gilligan . - That 's what I figured . Your Harrison , aren 't you ? of the CIFC ? No comment . Well , you were until you quit this morning .. - And what was all that about Dr. ? - No Comment . you two being together here at the airport , It it anything to do with the trouble you had commission professor ? I 'm afraid I have No comment for that either , Now why don 't you leave us both alone . Oh , take it easy doc . Never can tell what kind of a story will gel , when you big brains huddle together . Like the one your syndicate released prematurely , about the hydrogen bomb drops in the Pacific , or the atomic aircraft carrier engine . Look ! your in the business of smashing atoms . I 'm in the busness of selling newspapers . If uncle sam doesnt know how to keep his own secrets , thats his tough luck . It doesnt matter how much aid or comfort you give our potential enemys Or how many on our side eventually get killed ... Hold it , Ralph . Now listen Mr. Gilligan ... You Listen to me professor . You fellas can go on dumming up like this indefinitly . Sooner or later your got to talk for the record . Look at it this way : The prospect of space travel in the immediate future Is the biggest news story in the country today .. Years and years of research . Millions and millions of tax payers dollars . have been spent building that first spaceship . Now when its just about ready to take off , what happends ? One of the greatest scientific minds in the world , that 's you . Comes out and disagree about how the ships to be worked . I was about to say , Mr. Gilligan I 'd be willing to make a statement ... I don 't want a statement , I want facts . It 's no secret in Washington that the raul is over your not wanting to use men on the first space trip . What the people of the united states want to know . What you prepose using instead ? If I were prepared to the facts you are talking about right now . I 'd tell you . Only right now I 'm not . How ever I will tell you this : Just 30 days from now , at my home in California , Dr. Harrison and I will tell all . Or at least as much as circumstances at that time will allow . I 'll be there professor ! So will the science editors of say , 11 other press services . Well I thought this was an exclusive , it ought to be ! Do the people of the united states only read Transglobal News releases , Mr.Gilligan ? Your attention please ... Skyliner , Flight number 1 for Los Angeles , Now boarding at .S concorde , Gate number 5 . Thats our call , professor . I 'll a , see you in California , Mr. Gilligan . Ok Ok . Skyliner , flight number 1 for Los Angeles Now boarding at s.concorde , Gate number 5 . well , here we are . - Yes , but were are we ? - you 'll see in a minute . - You made good time , Carl . - The car runs good . This is my own invention . A combination of sonic beam and photo electric cell . The chance of anyone else hitting on the the same code of lights and sound impulses is practally unexsistant . I have a whole series through out my premises . you sound as proud of them as they won the Nobel . - Darling . - Dad , it 's so good to see you . This is Dr. Harrison , Janis , my new colleague . My daughter Mrs. Roberts , Who runs this household with a rod of iron . Dad ! - How do you do ? - How do you do ? Gramps ! Gramps , " gee willikers " ! you got here just in time . Come on in the house gramps , I got it all figured out . Gee , Im glad your here , Come on , I got to show you . We got company . This is my grandson Brian , Better known as Gadge . He likes gadgets too . Pehaps too fondly . Dr. Harrison whos going to work with me . - How are you , Brian ? Or may I call you Gadge ? How do you do sir . Come on gramps , I got to show you . Come on . You will have to excuse me , This sounds urgent . He the grand son . The father of the boy was killed in Korea . 6 , 7 ... years ago . The boy is a pupil of satan . But what a brain , Hes be a brain like his grand father , Look gramps , I told you I had it figured out .. 00 : 16 : 52,889 - - 00 : 16 : 54,888 But first I got to make myself as tall as you are . Up until this moment , I thought I had invented the only buglar proof lock . But only two people in the world . Carl and myself sharing the secret of the combinaion . And how did you work it out young man ! ? Oh ! ... logarithms . But I never went down there gramps , honest . Not with out you around . - Are you sure , Gadge ? Ok , Gadge . Come on , Ralph . As long as he has it open , I may as well show you what 's down there . - Can I come too Gramps ? , - No , My friend you can not - I think it 's time you be getting school . - I 'm afraid it is , Gadge . - Whats the time ? - Time is now 21 minute and a half past 8 . Ok ok . Gimmicks . Always Gimmicks . Lets get out of here . Wish I were down there with them . I wish I knew what gramps was doing ? I mean ... , Why won 't he tell me ? I guess it 's just too important Gadge . - Nobody knows but Carl . - And this Harrison guy . It must be a pretty big job for him not to tell me . - He never ... - Whats that ? Shhh .. listen . What is it ? What ! is it ? Are you sure you won 't change your mind gramps ? I 'm sorry Gadge , you know how much I like to have you down there tonight . , But I just cant . But why ? I know just as much about electronics and stuff as those old guys , from the newspapers . Their not just old guys from the newspapers , Gadge . There very distinguish scientific journalist Representing the most important news services of the world . I will grant you this , you do know as much about electronics as they do . But I still don 't see why ? ... Well , although , you have a searching mind And the courage of an grown up scientist , you look like just what you are : an eleven year old boy . And I 'm afraid the people that we have invited here tonight , under such secrecy , Might not be adult enough to understand your presence here . That 's why I have to pack you off to bed . - I understand gramps . - Good night , Thanks Gadge . Well . I guess I won 't be needing this anymore . Well , I see no reason you shouldn 't , hear what 's going on . " gee willikers " ! Thanks gramps . Go ahead . This is worse then crashing the Pentagon . When do we get in ! ? When I 've checked all the papers , and written down all the numbers . Go ahead . - All is in order . - Thank you my friend . - Your place certainly has a lot of charm , professor . - It certainly does . It 's an amazing location for a laboratory . How did you ever find it ? This old wine cellar was precisely the reason why I bought this place . Its ideal both for security And to protect our delicate equipment from surface vibrations . And now I think we better get started . Won 't you be seated gentlemen ? - Mind if I sit here ? - No , please do . As you know gentlemen , It is my contention , as well as Dr. Harrison , That to man the first experiental spaceship with a living crew . It a useless and unwarranted risk of human life . The research program so far conducted by the armed forces And the Civil Interplanetary Flight Commission , Has been well planned and executed , as far as they go . But they deal only with the easy deducible obvious hazards what they call space . Cosmic rays , disorientation , weaknesses ... But they cannot guard against the unknown hazards . Without the results of actual observation , and the recording of data No man can possibly know the conditions Exsisting outside the atomospheric envelope of this earth . You can only guess . And to me the word guess can not in any circumstances . Fit with the word science . Now you say you must have the results of actual observation , Yet you are opposed to sending human pilots to get them . Aren 't you talking in contradictions , professor ? No , Mr.Gilligan , As you will see for yourself . What is it ? What is it ? Well gentlemen , meet Tobor , A childhood joke of mine . Robot spelled backwards . Well .. since this is your invention professor Nordstrom , I .. I suppose we can be sure this isn 't just another movie Frankenstein . You certainly can . In fact the term robot is hardly accurate . In spite of my joke . I would prefer to say a electronic simulact-form of a man . Oh Gosh ! Oh ! Gee willikers ! Are you trying to tell us this , this pile of tin . Could actually pilot a space ship ? exactly . Now you .. you control this this thing from that that box by some sort of electronic wavelength or something right ? At the moment I do Mr. Johnston . Well , how do you know that the wavelength will be powerful enough to , work outside of the earth 's atmosphere ? I don 't sir . But that dosent matter very much , Becuase I 'm not going to need them there . You see Mr. Johnson this is control system is only a temporary expedient . To active Tobor . During early stages of his development . From this point on He will be guided by a totality diffrent method . How about a little fill in on that professor ? You mean something new , something we never heard of ? On the contrary gentlemen . I 'm sure most of you have heard of it . Well I imagine few of you will believe in it . E.S.P. Extra Sensory Perception You mean that stuff about projecting thought images by telepathy ? Mr. Gilligan , your not too far off . In here gentlemen , is the most intricate part of , I will show you . is a highly sensitive mechanism . When that is activated ... Like this ... Oh ! He looks alive ! That is an illusion , my dear , Caused by the reflected light in the eye tubes . And yet in a way , Tobor is alive . For even though much work remains , before he is completed He is already a sentient being . The sentience maybe synthetic , but is there never the less . A necessary ... . to the recording of all experiences of human space crews may later encounter . Sentient being ! You mean this .. this thing can feel ? Well , let me put it in another way . Even in his present unfinished state , Tobor will react to emotional stimuli . Janis , help me with a little experiment , will you ? Gentlemen , I assure you there 's no collusion here . I 'm merely going to ask Mrs. Roberts approach Tobor and feel friendliness toward him . Think good will as it were . You can do that can you , Janis ? - I 'll try . - Alright then , go ahead . Just don 't make any gestures , Just hold the friendship thought . He does look almost kind , dosent he ? Thank you , Janis . Could you get a reaction from some other emotion ? professor . And from a stranger . Say from Johnston here . I think we could manage to do that . But why don 't you make the experiment , Mr. Gilligan ? You suppose to contrive to ... feel enmity toward Tobor ? Yeah I suppose so . - Yeah sure I could . - Very well then . Suppose you get up and a ... Take one of those fire axes from the wall . Now , if you will , walk around behind Tobor . And hold the thought of enmity . All the time . Deadly enmity . Well , there you have it gentlemen . This time the emotional stimulus was danger . The reaction. fear , Instantly followed by anger . You have just witnessed the complete cycle of synthetic instinct . Self preservation . 385 00 : 29 : 07,839 - - 00 : 29 : 09,246 I have a question , professor . Now you persistently refer to the fact that this ur .. this robot ... Tobor , Mr. Johnston . You better use is name or he might resent you ! well I 'm sorry , I 'll rephrase that . Why do you keep saying that Tobor , is still incomplete ? For the simple reason , Mr. Johnston , that we have not yet perfected , his long range communication system . As you know gentlemen , at each end of such a system , theres a power unit . A transmiter and a receiver . Here is our receiver , Tobor Himself . When he is switched from direct to infinite control . He is capable of receiving thought impulses over any conceivable span . It is only the transmitter which Dr. Harrison and I , are in process of perfecting . How about giving us a look at his innards professor ? Or they top secret too ? I don 't mind if Tobor doesn 't . And now gentlemen I think I 've said all I can say of importance tonight . And its certainly Tobors bed time . I got to see Tobor . I just got to . Just a minute Mr. Gilligan . I 'm not questioning your integrity as a journalist Mr. Gilligan , I 'm simply requesting again that you confine your coverage to the facts contained in professor nordstrom 's hand out . Now look Doc . We don 't tell you how to run your job . I realize that Mr. Gilligan , But your paper is not exactly famous for the consevative handling of the news . Now just a minute . That 's the trouble with you scientists . You won 't face up to the facts of life . Ralph ! I have to put my car away , Would you give me a hand with the garage door ? I 'd like to , very much . Gee Tobor ! Your beautiful ! Glad you could make it gentlemen , bye . - Ok , They are all out . - Very good . I got to figure it out , I just gotta ! It 's Gadge . I bet he 's doing that . Gadge That little so and so ! Do you realize what he did ? He actually worked out all those controls And got Tobor back in his box . All with in 5 minutes . Dad , your wonderful . But he was bad , very bad . You go to bed , Janis . Ralph , Carl and I will get all this rubbish squared away . - Good night . - Good night , darling . Still beats me how the kid worked out those controls . I 'd hate to try it with a slide rule . I told you that boy 's a genius . Hey wait a minute ! 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 ... How many news services did you ask to represent us tonight ? Professor . 12 as you know . Why ? Cause there are 13 empty chairs , And tonight everyone of them was filled . a 1953 black Ford sedan . Licence number 9Y-33-26 . Thats the last number on the list , Sheriff . Professor nordstrum man was instructed to admit all news men showing a proper letter of accreditation . Unfortunatly the professor admitted to telling how many were expected , so that 13th letter must have been a forgery . Incidently sheriff , I 'd appreciate it if you 'd passed those licence numbers on to the FBI . No , no .. We won 't be needing your deputies to guard us . We are taking our own precautions . The professor nordstrum assures us that they are more that adequate . Thanks again sheriff . Good Bye . 22 university degrees , And I forget to tell Carl the number of letters . No wonder they tell jokes about absent minded professors . Well thats spilled milk now . At least we know , somebody was mighty curious about Tobor . Let 's hope that those percautions of yours are rugged enough to keep em out . Well that , at least that I can guarantee . Come on , Carl . Let 's check the wiring . Gimmicks . Always gimmicks . I wish someone would tell me exactly who or what we are guarding against ? Well we built these basic emotional patterns , for a constructive mission , into Tobor . Just think what would happen if someone else some potential enemy , built destructive patterns . In a few thousand like him ! What a terrifying thought ! - Anything new ? - They still haven 't posted a guard . - Hum ... are you sure ? - It 's been 4 days now . and I haven 't seen a soul . You must have got away with it . - It might be a trap . - well how do we play it then ? - Wait for a break ? Unfortunatly my friend we haven 't much time . The highest party officals are concerned that once Nordstrom Once Has perfected his control system , The federal government will take over . will be considerable more difficult for us to get at it . - And so ? - So we get into the house . That 's better . See I rigged the telepathic pickup So it fits behind the ear . Where its close to the sensory brain centers . Conveys every impulse to the control device here . Where you can increase or diminish the vibrations . The whole thing fits as comfortably as a hearing aid . Excelent , Ralph . Excelent Now here 's the a , transmitter receiver . I move the tuning band to this end . - Beautiful - It 's all set , You want to start ? I think you ought to operate these tests , Ralph . - This whole new system is your work . - No , no. you go ahead . Alright , I a worked out a series of reaction tests . A here they are . 487 00 : 42 : 04,102 - - 00 : 42 : 05,279 Here we go ! All right . That 's all I could think of for him to say . Who the devil is that ! ? Gadge , What are you doing down here ? I heard you working on Tobor . can I come and watch ? - You seem to be here already ! Alright . Ok , Ralph , black out the screen . Let 's see how he adapts himself to the solar compass . Atta boy Tobor . Thats using your coordinator . So far so good . I wonder how he will take to the white hot meteorites . This is a tough one , Gadge . Coming in fast now , Hope he can take it . I don 't like this . Watch him . Watch him ! Things going beserk ! Cut Him off . off ! Are you alright boy ? Ah it 's no fracture . Just a bad bump Easy , Gadge . You darn ol ' Tobor ! You better watch out ! Easy Gadge , Tobor can 't hurt us now . Wonder exactly what happend ? I think Tobor suffered what in , a human being would be a nervous break down . Those meteors came at him so fast , That he couldn 't take it . I think your right . I think all we have to do is to insulate against over loading the receptors . If we do that , Maybe we jump the last hurdle . - What are you doing now ? - I 'm switching him on again . His receptor must have cooled off by now . See if he is still functioning . Your alright now , Tobor . Next time you better watch where you are going . Theres another one of Tobor 's synthetic instincts . Concern for the young , Race preservation . To put it less academically . Human love . Ok , Tobor . I guess you didn 't know what you were doing . 2.50 even , lady . Thanks . Ok , just another customer . - Will you be through shortly ? - Another half hour ought to do ot . Good . Soon I will have to leave to fetch Dr. Gustav . When do we make our move ? Not before midnight . Perhaps later . Depends on the house being dark . Great , it works fine . Everything is ready , doctor . - I am a Man of Science , not of action , I. - It 's your duty . All you have to do is to , inspect . And photograph this work of Nordstrom 's . Leave everything else to us . Paul , you go first . Ned , You follow us . " Intruders now inside electrifyed fence north boundery " ... . - Gramps , Ralph , Carl ! - Shhh I brought my 22 . Hit camera number 6 , Carl . That ought to show them up . Intruders Approximately 100 yards North of house ... . Amazing how this television camera of yours can photograph at night without light . Not television , infra-vision . Hit camera number 8 , Carl . Intruders now approching house ... . Intruders now approching house . - Now , professor ? - Now ! What is that ! ? - Whose shooting ? - No one is . That 's a recored sound track from a movie studio Right out of " the sands of Iwo Jima " . Lets go . Come on ! Gadge . Gadge , come back here . Gadge ! Too Bad ! They got away . You shouln 't have pushed me Ralph . I would of had em ! A smart cookie that Nordstrom . Too smart for us maybe . He mustn 't be . I needed remind you our employers will not tolerate anymore failure on your part , nor mine . Hum .. well what do we do now ? We think , my friend . Or rather , I think . And this is what I think . Since we can not get in to see Nordstrom 's secrets for ourselfs . We might induce him to come out and tell them to us . - It 's a tall order I would say . - Not necessarily . There must be a vulnerable spot . Of course ! Nordstrom 's worships his grandson . The grandson worships ... Gee willikers ! Mom , hey mom ! Hey ! watch it ! You better blow your horn at those intersections , Gadge . Gee I 'm sorry , mom , but look , look it . Oh wonderful ! What day is it ? - That 's Tuesday . - And who 's going to be your friend ? Well .. I 'd like to invite you mom , But . I doubt that you understand that sort of thing . Oh ... No , I suppose not . Well I guess grandpa ... . I 'll go see him right away . Good ! Now Tobor can turn his own switch on or off when he 's called . That thing should learn to clean the house and drive the care . So I can spend all my time making toys for you to play with . It 's all finished . A new transmitter rod Built inside a pencil . You made it beautifully , Carl . But for what ? That you can play school boy tricks . On very important people ? When you show Tobor off tonight .. Gimmicks . Sorry to disturb you professor , But I thought you would want me to remind you about you date with Gadge for the planetarium . What 's the matter with me these days ? Gadge , Gadge , where are you boy ? We ought to be going . Right with you , gramps . And don 't be late . Your very important persons , will be here 7 o 'clock sharp . Remember ? Oh we 'll be back an hour before that you mark my word . Ah ... , Here you are partner . Come on .. Let 's hit the trail . Funny ! where , Where 's everyone else ? Probably inside . Come on gramps . - I think there 's something wrong . - You think so ? - It 's the right day . - Yes , young man . It 's the right day , for us . If you please ... Something must have happend . I know dads careless about time , But he wouldn 't be an hour late . Not tonight . I still think he had a flat tire . Or ran out of gas . No you don 't , that 's what you hope happend . Oh Ralph , I 'm worred . Alright , I 'll phone the Sheriffs office . That 's the brass . I 'll hold them down in the lab . You meet them , and just tell them he 'll be a little late . - Come on now , snap out of it . - I 'll be alright . - Good evening , general . - Good evening . - Good evening sir . - Good evening ! - How are you . - How are you . - How do you do ? - Good evening . - Gramps gramps , you alright ? - Yes , I 'm fine . - How about you ? - I 'm ok . Have you quite recovered ? Professor Nordstom . I 'm fully conscious , if that 's what you mean . And therfore able to understand your position ? Completly , I assure you . Perhaps not as completly as you think . Of course as man of inteligence you have realized that your obviously here to talk . But you may not have anticipated what happens if you don 't . I 'm sorry , but you 'll have to raise your voice a little . I Said . You may not have anticipated what happens if you don 't ! ... Something , very unpleasent , I should say Judging by the look of you , and your friends . Yes , Very unpleasant . But to whom ? That 's my point . Don 't you tell him gramps , Please , Don 't you tell them ! Just shut your mouth ! Don 't look for trouble , Gadge . You seem to have me over a barrel . I take it you want the formula for my extrasensory transmission method . Very well . Do I tell them to you ? Or write them down ? Or what ? You will not have the oppotunity to give us double talk , professor . You will have to relay your discoverys to a colleague almost as distinguished as yourself . How do you do sir . I 'm sorry I can 't get up to greet you . How do you do ? professor ! Oh a please forgive me . My doctor told me . Only this week . I was getting a little deaf My pocket , if you please . Put that over my head , behind my ear please . Ah , thats much better . And so gentlemen , I 'm afraid the question of whether Tobor is capable of a ... guiding a multi-stage rocket across interstellar space . is highly debatable . Let alone as being able to , Deal with all the , emergency situations of such a journey . I don 't know Mr commissoner . After all we 've had automatic pilots on both conventional aircraft , and guilded missles , since the middle of world two . a .. , what do you think congressman ? Well all I can say sir is the model of one of the greatest states in our union is : " Show me " ! And that 's what Professor Nordstrom will have to do . Well a I couldn 't have agreed with you more . Automatic pilots are one thing , intelligent direction of a billion dollar spaceship cruiser Is something else . Yes ? Yes , I see . Thank you , Sheriff . Let me know if you hear anything . A moment , Please gentlemen . It 's no good to keep it from you any longer . About professor Nordstrom .. to be here . Frankly , we don 't know where he is . He and his grandson left earily today . for ... to visit a science show at the planetarium in Los Angeles . They were to be back at 5 : 30 . That was the Sheriff office . On the phone . They have no news of professor Nordstom , or the boy . Neither does the Los Angeles police department or the FBI . And there was no science show scheduled at the planetarium today . Well is there something we can do ? Instead of just a ... standing around ? Afraid not except wait . Now these principals you must understand Had to be reduced to a working form . If I could just jot down the basic equations It would , save us alot of time . - It that correct , doctor ? - Most certainly . Very well . Paul , release his hands . I strongly advise you , doctor , confine yourself to the method in hand . Pencil and paper . Gramps , don 't you do it Please don 't you tell them ! Lie still Gadge . Don 't try to get up . - If you please . - settle this . Soon as I can write .. - Another pencil ! - I have one right here . Lets see there will be 6 cars all together . We 'll assign one square to each car . - What was that ? - Anything wrong ? Listen ! - Ralph , dad must have come back . - No I don 't think so . I don 't understand it Harrison , What 's operation the thing ? Some how where ever he is , Nordstrom controling Tobor . Its the gimmick I fixed , the pencil . Let 's follow him in the cars . - Something wrong doctor ? - Yes I think so . This figure . It can not be correct . Oh , I 'm sorry , Just a slip . This is the third slip you 've made , Nordstrom . I 'm very sorry . I 'm trying to remember extremely complicated formula . I should have my notes . Of course I could stimulate your memory with artificial methods . Come . Open up his shirt . So far it 's good professor , but it 's only a promise . - Now we come to the big step , yes ? - yes . In a minute , but first hadn 't we better go over the data again , to make sure ? Professer you seem to forget I was present , when you said that you haven 't yet perfected the long distance transmiter for Tobor . Could it be that you solved that problem so soon ? You better use mine , and use it quick . I won 't stand for this any longer . You will give the required information . Immediately ! Wait ! Wait ! Don 't gramps , don 't . Alright , you win . Transmising power has been cut off . - Isn 't there anything you can do ? - I don 't know Maybe one chance . If Gadge and the professor , are near this spot They may be able to reach him on a direct telepathic impulse . Tobor , please come and get us . please come and get us , Tobor . Now he is cooperating . What 's that ? Punch , Tobor . punch . - You alright ? - Yes . - Were 's Gadge ? - Over there . You were saying Mr commissioner , just as that phone rang That you doubted the Tobor was capable of reaction to an emergency situations . I 'm afraid I was , but I withdraw my observation . Gee Tobor , your wonderful . Good bye , Tobor . And good luck .
