 [ MUSIC PLAYING ] NARRATOR : Soledad Flats , Nevada , the time 6 : 15 AM , the climax Of arduous planning , operation A-bomb test under way . MAN OVER RADIO : Detonation minus two minutes . NARRATOR : Military personnel , from buck Private to top-ranking brass , men from research And services move into position . The bomb-carrying plane makes it 's initial run . Radar with eyes that never sleep , Special equipment go into operation . All orders are carried out with split second precision . Warning is given to all commercial aircraft To stay out of the test area . MAN OVER RADIO : Detonation minus 70 seconds . NARRATOR : Planes take to the air , carrying Sensitive instruments and nuclear scientists Ready to record the radioactivity From the closest possible vantage point . MAN OVER RADIO : Detonation minus 40 seconds . NARRATOR : The bomb-carrying plane nears the target . Tension mounts as all members of the flight crew Anticipate the task to pinpoint the bomb On a tiny circle of earth below . Now , the plane wings it 's way toward ground zero . [ PROLONGED BEEP ] NARRATOR : Warning signal is sounded . All observers prepare for the blinding flash of the bomb . MAN OVER RADIO : Detonation minus 20 seconds . [ TELEGRAPH MACHINE BEEPING ] NARRATOR : Command of the plane is Given to the bombardier , ground zero dead ahead . The key man now goes into action . Bomb bay doors open . MAN OVER RADIO : Detonation minus 10 seconds , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 0 . [ RUMBLING ] NARRATOR : This is the beginning . [ MUSIC PLAYING ] MAN 2 OVER RADIO : You can make the position report , now . Have the figures ready . Control from Tar Baby 2 , over . Go ahead Tar Baby 2 . We 're circling ground zero at radius of 7.5 miles , altitude , 1 , 5 , 0 , 0 , 0 feet , airspeed , 4 , 5 , 0 , standby . Roger and over . She 's all yours . This is Doctor Martin . Here are the readings , 1 , 3 , 7 , 8 , negative . Second indicator , 1.08 negative , radiation , 0.4 , over . Roger , proceed according to plan . Take her in closer . PILOT : OK , Doctor Martin DOCTOR MARTIN : We 'll have to keep at least two miles From the center of the column , radiation was too strong . What 's that thing shining below ? DOCTOR MARTIN : Looks like a fireball . Better check . Doctor Martin . Doctor Martin we 're in trouble ! DOCTOR MARTIN : Pull up . Pull up ! I can 't The controls are frozen ! Tar Baby 2 from base , come in , Tar Baby 2 . [ STATIC ] Come in , Tar Baby 2 . [ STATIC ] We 've lost contact , sir . Baker 2 , sir . Yes , sir . All patrol craft in test area , this is mayday . Day . Repeat , this is a mayday . Proceed to segment Baker 1 , 7 , search for Tar Baby 2 . Control , from Tar Baby 7 , wreckage Sighted southwest corner , Soledad Flats . Ship appears completely demolished , No sign of survivors , over . Roger , Tar Baby 7 . Circle wreckage at 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 feet Until arrival of helicopter rescue unit . Doctor Kruger , Colonel Banks speaking . Would you mind coming into my office right away , please ? Thank you . As I was saying , our search planes Found the wreckage of your husband 's plane , Mrs Martin . A rescue crew was sent out , but ... But they must have reached the wreckage hours ago . Why can 't they find him ? I honestly don 't know , Mrs Martin . [ KNOCKING AT DOOR ] Yes , come in . CURT KRUGER : Ellen . Curt . Colonel Banks , isn 't there any hope ? COLONEL BANKS : I 'm afraid not , Mrs Martin . They found the pilot dead in the wreckage , And according to all reports , no one could have bailed out . I 'm terribly sorry . [ SOBBING ] Doctor Martin ! Doctor Martin , are you all right ? I , I am , yes . It 's Doctor Martin . Call the base hospital . Come on , doctor , come on . All right , look up to your right . Now , look over to your left . All right , you can get up now . Well , everything seems all right , except can 't you recall Anything that happened from the time your plane crashed until ... I remember the controls froze . The next thing I saw was the main gate of the base . Your plane was completely demolished , The pilot burned to death , and you Show up the picture of health . Are you sure you weren 't driven here ? Positive . You don 't remember where you got this ? Mm-mm . You know , your medical chart shows No indication of any scars on your body . I must have got it in the crash . No , no this was surgery , a very skillful incision . I 've never had an operation . Now , that 's what I don 't understand . Mr Briggs . Colonel Banks . How are you , Mr Briggs ? Fine , how are you ? Fine , I see the FBI doesn 't waste much time . Well , uh , not if we can help it , Colonel . Oh , you know our base surgeon , Major Clift ? Sure . How have you been , Major ? How do you do ? Well , I guess you gentlemen have business to discuss . Oh , no , no , this won 't take a minute . Sit down . Sit down if you please , gentlemen . Cigarette ? Oh , thank you . I understand you 've already talked with Doctor Martin . I just left him . You know , ah , Colonel , um , according to my files , Doctor Martin is just about the key man On this nuclear project . Yes , along with Doctor Kruger , he is . Well , I know they 're both good friends , And , uh , well , both have knowledge And access to top secret information . Well , that 's very true , but there 's no Reason to suspect that they ... Oh , we can , uh , we can suspect anything , Colonel , Until Doctor Martin accounts for every minute From the time of the crash . The shock must have caused a mental block . His mind doesn 't want to remember the details , The origin of the scar on his chest , How he got back to the base under his own power . Did you ever stop to think that perhaps this Doctor Martin isn 't really the Doctor Martin ? What are you getting at ? What I mean is that , uh , this man could be an imposter . [ PHONE RINGING ] Briggs speaking . Oh , oh they did come through , huh ? They do check ? That 's what I 've been waiting for , thanks . Get me Colonel Banks at the base , please No , no , I 'll wait . Oh yes , Mr Briggs . Any news on the line you were getting on Doctor Martin . Just heard from Washington , and I was wrong , This is our man , all right . His prints and description check right down the line . Now , here 's what I suggest you do . But you say he 's in excellent physical condition , Yet you 're keeping him in the base hospital . Why ? Mrs Martin , you must realize that your husband is Engaged in a highly secret work . If this experience had , well , affected his mind ... Are you trying to tell me that Doug is ... No , no , no , it 's nothing serious , Mrs Martin . His reflexes are excellent , except for that one lapse Of memory , his mind is perfectly clear . Isn 't that natural under the circumstances ? Yes , except for the question of the scar on his chest . I know he didn 't have it before the crash . Well , I 'm sure he didn 't , Mrs Martin , but you see , It would be impossible for a wound of the size To have healed so quickly and without medical attention . Well , you can 't keep him here indefinitely . We don 't intend to . We asked you to come down here , because we 've Decided to let you take him home , provided you can keep It quiet and he gets enough rest . I understand . Now we 'll just have to take that vacation He 's been wanting for so long . Vacation . To watch him , you 'd think he 'd never heard of one . Yes , he must have asked me 100 times When the next test was scheduled . He 's anxious to take his own readings , again . Well , he did have a key part in the planning of these projects . Well , is there anything he should Or shouldn 't be allowed to do ? No , except he does need diversion , Anything that won 't upset or excite him . I see , movies , bridge , drives , things like that . Well , you 're the doctor , now . Just see that he gets plenty of rest . Thank you . Good bye , Colonel . Good bye . See you later , Major . [ MOANING ] Doug , what 's the matter ? I can 't sleep . What time is it ? Little after three . I 'm going to go get myself a glass of milk . Get me squadron operation . Duty desk , please . Ellen , what did you get up for ? This is Doctor Martin calling . Who is this speaking ? Sergeant Bandero . Is there anything I can do for you , Doctor ? I wondered if there were any last minute Orders on another atomic test . What do you mean , you can 't tell me ? Sorry sir , regulations . I can 't give out information to anyone . No sir , it won 't do you any good to come down . All right , we 'll see about that . I 've got to get out to the base right away . Ellen don 't you agree with me ? I 've spent months preparing for this series of tests , And no Sergeant is going push me around , now . Well , aren 't you say anything ? No . Look , I know they 're ready for another test , And I should be there . Can 't you understand that they don 't Want you around for your own good ? I don 't need their sympathy . There 's nothing wrong with me . Then why are you acting this way ? You 're all on edge . If you don 't slow down , I don 't know what 's going to happen . You really believe that , don 't you . Look Doug , if you won 't take it easy for your own sake , Please , do it for mine . Hey . Hey , time to get up . Go away . All right stay in bed all day . It 's almost 11 o 'clock . What 'd you say ? I said it was almost 11 o 'clock . It is ? Mhmm . Oh , you go put the coffee on while I get dressed . I don 't care what you say , you had No right to go ahead without me . And you , Curt , you didn 't tell me , either . Why ? Orders , Doug . Orders , nonsense . The least that could have been done Would have been to let me know . I 'm fine . I could have done my work . I hate to say this , Doctor Martin , But in your present state , you 're Not considered a very good security risk . Me , security risk ? My present state ? What 's the matter with me ? How long am I to be considered ... Only temporarily . The results of the test will be available for your study When you return to work . I am ready , Colonel . To us , you 're still a very sick man . My advice to you is to go home and relax as you were ordered . Relax , relax ! And if I don 't ? Then you 'll be confined to the base Hospital ' til you change your mind . Now , what 's it going to be ? Well , Doctor . Oh , Doctor Martin . I didn 't expect you back so soon . Why , haven 't you heard ? I 'm a mental case . Can 't even be trusted with my own work . Ah ! Liable to go berserk at any minute . Colonel Banks will fill you in on the details . Now , don 't , don 't tell me , let me see , you 're , uh , I know , I know , you 're Miss , uh , Vincent , The secretary I share with , uh , hmm ... Oh Doctor , you can 't be serious . Uh , there was no one in your office , So I thought you wouldn 't mind . No , that 's all right , it 's all right . As far as I 'm concerned you can take the rest of the day off . Are you sure ? Mhmm , oh , I don 't really belong here , I just , Uh , just came in to pick up a few personal things From my desk . Good bye . Good bye . [ PHONE RINGING ] [ PHONE RINGING ] [ FOOTSTEPS ] [ DOOR OPENING ] Main gate , main gate , please . [ PHONE RINGING ] Just a minute , Doctor . Main gate , Sergeant Powers . Doctor Kruger ? Doctor Kruger , Doctor Kruger , no , he checked out . Yeah , about 20 minutes ago . OK . Sorry to keep you waiting , Doctor . That 's all right . OK , Doctor . Will you sign out , please ? We 'll post a couple of men outside Of Doctor Kruger 's office . Get me Colonel Banks at the Officer 's Club . Thank you , Doctor . Good night . Good evening , Doctor Kruger . Yes . My name 's Briggs . I 'm from the FBI . Briggs , Briggs , of course . I 've heard of you . I wonder if you 'd mind returning to your office With me ? What seems to be the trouble ? Oh , just a few things we 'd like to straighten out . Concerns me ? Well , I 'm afraid so , Doctor . You can take your own car , if you like . I 'll met you there . All right , I will . The papers seem to be intact . Is this all , uh , classified information , Doctor ? Of course . You know , according to security regulations , That vault should have been locked before you left . But I 'm certain I did lock it . All right , then tell me this , who , besides yourself , Has access to the combination ? Well , the Colonel , here , and Doctor Martin . Doctor Martin . He was in building this afternoon . That 's right , we saw him in my office . He left around 4 o 'clock on orders . He dismissed his secretary a few minutes later , But he , he didn 't sign out of here 'Til 20 minutes after you left . After I did ? Well , there must be some mistake . I personally checked his office just as I was leaving , And he wasn 't there . Do you always do that ? Well no , but Doctor Martin has been acting , well , Quite strange of late . Yes , he certainly has . His wife telephoned to say that he hadn 't come home as usual . I was very much concerned about him . So am I. He still hasn 't show up , yet . What kind of pipe tobacco do you use , Doctor Kruger ? Me ? Why , I don 't smoke at all . And you , Colonel ? Cigarettes . What are you driving at ? That 's funny . How long has Doctor Martin been using this brand of tobacco ? Well , I really don 't know . Why ? Well now , Mrs Martin , you say you Have no idea where he could be at this hour . Why no , he 's never been this late Before without telephoning . Well , I hate to ask this , but have you ever had any suspicion That there might be another woman ? Certainly not . I 'm sorry , Mrs Martin . Just why are you asking me these questions ? Well , let 's put it this way , has he made any new friends Lately , you know , people not in the usual group ? No , the only people we 've seen in months Have been connected with the institute . [ PHONE RINGING ] Excuse me . Hello ? Yes , just a moment . It 's for you , Mr Briggs . Oh , thank you . All units in sector seven , code four . Repeating , code four . Be on the lookout for two-tone Coupe , License number , 1 , W , 6 , 7 , 7 , 1 , 3 . Repeating , all units , code four . Missing , Doctor Douglas P , as in Paul , Martin , male Caucasian , 32 years of age , height , 6 ' 3 " , weighs 195 pounds , Color of hair , blond , color of eyes , Blue , last seen driving Coupe license Number , 1 , W , 6 , 7 , 7 , 1 , 3 . Doctor Martin . What are you doing with this ? Any special reason for placing it under this rock ? $ 0.50 a gallon , sir . OK , where 's your phone ? Over there behind the pumps . Operator , give me 9 , 5 , 3 , 5 , 9 . All units in sector seven , code four . Repeating , code four . Be on look out for two-toned Coupe , License number 1 , W , 2 , 6 , 7 , 7 , 1 , 3 . Operator , are you sure you 're dialing the right number ? Well , try it again , will you ? It 's my home , there out to be someone there , now . POLICE DISPATCH OVER RADIO : At junction of Highway 66 And Beach , ambulance en route , car 17 , code seven , Suspect may be armed . Repeating , go through to all units , Doctor Douglas P , as in Paul , Martin , male Caucasian , 32 Years of age , height , 6' 3 " , weight , 195 pounds , Color of hair , blond , color of eyes , blue . Missing , Doctor Douglas P , as in Paul , Martin , male Caucasian . Repeating , go through to all units . Hey , mister ! Operator , give me the police , quick . POLICE DISPATCH OVER RADIO : Calling car six , calling Car six , code 11 , come in , Briggs . Calling car six . Calling car six , code 11 , code 11 . Central calling . Come in , Briggs . Hello , central . Hello , central . This is Briggs . This is Briggs . Come in . POLICE DISPATCH OVER RADIO : Subject , Doctor Douglas Martin Last seen in Route 61 heading toward North Junction , Stopped at gas station , corner of Ridgewood and Mills Road . Acknowledge . Roger , Briggs out . [ TIRES SQUEALING ] [ TIRES SQUEALING ] [ HORN HONKING ] They 're here , they 're going to ... here , they 're here , They 're here , they 're going to destroy us . He 's coming out of it . It 's all right , Doctor Martin . You 're with friends . You 'll be all right . Let me go ! Let me go ! That 's enough , that 's enough . They 'll kill everyone . We 've got to stop them ! Easy , Doug , easy . What did you give him ? Sodium amytal , truth serum . It 'll deprive his mind of any imagination . I guess he 'll make sense , now . I 'll get the recorder ready . Can you hear me Doctor Martin ? DOCTOR MARTIN : Yes . Now , listen to me , I want you to count backwards from 100 . Do you understand ? Backwards from 100 . 100 , 99 , 98 , 97 , 96 , 95 , 94 ... Oh , you can ask him questions , now . Doctor Martin , what were you doing with the information You took from Doctor Kruger 's vault ? I was delivering it . Delivering it ? But where ? To the rocks in Soledad Flats ? Yes , Soledad Flats , right where we crashed . I was delivering it , just as I was ordered . Who ordered you to do this , Doctor Martin ? I 'll tell you the whole story . I remember we were circling the atomic cloud . There was an object glowing beneath us at Soledad Flats . We were going down to investigate . Controls jammed , couldn 't pull out . When I regained consciousness , I was on a table . Next thing I knew , they were coming at me , strange people . Their eyes , those horrible eyes . They didn 't speak . I could see something strange and eerie pulsating In front of me . Then one of them lowered it toward my chest . It was my own heart . What happened ? What is this place ? Who are you ? What are you doing to me ? Can 't you speak ? Who are you ? Step forward . Doctor Martin , I see you are quite well . You have recovered from your unfortunate accident . Who are you ? A scientist , like yourself . Where do you come from ? From a planet yet unknown to you . You know my name . You speak English . We speak every language . You can 't expect me to believe that . I 'm getting out of here . Stay where you are . [ ELECTRICITY SURGING ] Who are you ? I have already told you that . How did you get here ? [ ELECTRICITY SURGING ] Here , in our machine , magnetically Propelled across the electron bridge we have created . Electron bridge ? You mean , you come and go , just like that without anyone Ever seeing you ? Our ships have been sighted on numerous occasions By your people . And why haven 't we been able to track one down ? We have a warning system , similar To your primitive radar . Our machines are set to change course At the mere approach of a pursuing object . Let 's say I do believe you . Where are we right now ? In a cavern within the upper crust of the Earth . How long have you been here ? Since the beginning of your experiments in nuclear fission . What have you got to do with that ? We are accumulating the energy released With each of your atomic explosions . [ ENERGY SURGING ] One moment . [ SPEAKING ALIEN LANGUAGE ] What was that ? A report from the monitor we sent to the surface To obtain the results of your last nuclear test . Results ? They 'll take days to analyze and compute . I think you will find these figures are correct . I can 't believe it . Where is that man ? You don 't recognize the area ? No . He is in the vicinity where you crashed . That rock was glowing . A normal reaction in view of the amount of radiation Absorbed . You have a remarkable memory , Doctor , considering the fact That you did not survive the crash . What do you mean ? The mechanism of your heart , it ceased to function . It was necessary for us to revive it . You were dead . I was dead ? So that 's what they were doing . You didn 't even try to help the pilot , why did you save me ? Because we had an important need of your services . Such as ? [ ELECTRICITY SURGING ] Look this way , Doctor . You will understand . [ ELECTRICITY SURGING ] Here Doctor , you are the first of your world To be looking at our solar system , the Astran . This is our planet , Astran Delta . It occupies the fourth position in relation to this , our sun . Yes , go on . During the 23rd time rotation our sun began to die . So during the succeeding generations , As our planet began to cool , vegetation began to disappear . Our eyes developed to this state to combat The ever-growing darkness . We were forced to migrate . You left your planet ? Where ? We invaded these neighboring planets . They were nearer to our sun . You just moved in and took over ? How many of you ? All of us , well over one billion . There were feeble attempts to stop us , But we were prepared for such contingencies . And now that our sun is about to completely expire , We must move again in order to survive . Yours is the only planet in this solar system Capable of supporting our civilization . This is fantastic , over a billion Of you trying to come here to Earth . We had no alternative . We have been putting our plan to work for some time . At the proper moment , the invasion Will be launched from out platforms , Which are being readied in space . [ ELECTRICITY SURGING ] ALIEN : Nothing can stop us . You must be insane . This is ridiculous . You cannot find your way in or out of this cavern . Do not try to leave . [ ELECTRICITY SURGING ] [ ELECTRICITY SURGING ] [ ELECTRICITY SURGING ] [ AMPLIFIED ANIMAL NOISES ] [ LAUGHING ] So you have discovered our menagerie . Don 't you think you will be more at ease On this side of the cage ? I ... it 's horrible . What are you doing here ? We are breeding our , shall I say , armies ? Those carnivorous insects and animals ? What have you done to them ? Their growth is due to a change in their genes . At your next nuclear test , these animals will multiply at a rate Beyond imagination . When the time comes , we will unleash them . They will spread to every continent And devour every living thing on the surface of the Earth . Well , what good will that do you ? How could you expect to survive better than we ? We have provided for that . [ ELECTRICITY SURGING ] No , Doctor , look over there . We will use their bodies to fertilize the soil . Vegetation will rise up in abundance . A new era of civilization will begin . Gamma rays ? You see , Doctor , we have arranged for everything . Wait a minute . All this equipment ? Our nucleostorage units . To date , we have accumulated several billion electron volts As a result of your atomic explosions . Several billion ? Why , a chain reaction at this point , Could release enough unstable isotopes to , To create a new and powerful element , Might be impossible to control . True , an element that will never Be known by your scientists . I can assure you the strength of this new element - - Well , this is a powder keg , could go up at any minute . I assure you , Doctor , we have everything Under our complete control . What force could possibly be strong enough To harness the ... Now , you control Your whole operation by electricity . Of course , no generators , no generators . That means you 're getting your power From somewhere on the surface . It must be passing through here . You have heard enough , Doctor Martin . Step inside . All right . What do you want from me ? You will have access to advanced information Relative to the time and strength Of the forthcoming atomic tests . What about it ? You will provide us with that information As soon as it is available . I see . You 're afraid of an overload . You can 't tap enough electricity , wherever you get It from , to hold a strong enough charge . You are a clever man , Doctor , perhaps too clever . And what makes you think I 'll give you any information ? It is the only way you can save your own life When the time comes . You will be transported to one of our platforms in space And resettled here when our operation is completed . You 're asking me to sabotage the entire world , Three billion people . They are doomed in any case . Well , I guess there 's no alternative . I have to do as you say . You are lying , Doctor . Your only wish is to betray us . No . I know . Your thoughts have been recorded . Lie detector ? Call it what you like . You force me to resort to other methods . I will contact our space station . MALE VOICE : You are an unwilling subject , Doctor Martin . What ? Who are you ? I am The Tala . You will listen and obey . No , I ... You will listen to my orders and obey me . You will listen and obey . Listen ... And obey . You will remember nothing you have seen or heard here , Nothing but my orders , which you will obey . Yes . You will obtain the data , and bring it To the stone near the place where your plane was wrecked . DOCTOR MARTIN : To the stone . What have you seen or heard here ? What have you seen or heard here ? Nothing . Repeat my orders . I will obtain the data and bring it to the stone . Well , that 's what I did . I took the information to where they told me . I didn 't realize I was being mesmerized . Why didn 't somebody say something ? Don 't you believe me ? Curt , you understand . These giant animals , breeding by the millions , They 'll devour everything unless we stop them . Of course , Doug , we will . Colonel , Colonel , you 've got to arrange to set off other bomb , Tonight , the strongest charge we have . They 're beneath the ground with all their equipment . We can blow them to pieces . Now , wait a minute . A strong charge will overload their units . You , you don 't believe me , Colonel ? Major ? Curt ? Of course we do . Easy , Doug , easy . You think I 'm crazy , all of you . Well , I 'm not . Do you understand ? Everything I said is true . I saw it with my own eyes . Give me a hand , Doctor . No , let me go ! Let me go ! Steady , steady , steady , take it easy . Take it easy . We 'll talk this whole thing over . ( SLEEPILY ) What are you doing to me , now ? You just rest quietly . That 's it . Mrs Martin should be along any minute , now . She went for their car . What 'll I tell her ? Well , he 's in a state of shock . Tell her he 's resting quietly . If you 'll excuse me , I think I 'd better Wait for her at the information desk . Well , Doctor Martin seems to be indestructible , Except for those hallucinations . Those weren 't hallucinations , Colonel . Under the influence of sodium amytal , A patient loses all control of his imagination . Well , then he shouldn 't be able to fabricate those stores . That 's right . Major , you 're not trying to tell us that everything he said Was true ? Look , gentleman , I can only give you the medical facts . As for the rest , you 'll have to decide for yourself . Excuse me , please . [ CAR REVVING ] Good evening , Doctor Kruger . Chili isn 't it ? Oh , Mr Briggs , you startled me . I didn 't expect to see anyone here . Well , neither did I , Doctor . Well , I suppose you want me to explain why I 'm here . Mhmm . I want to believe Doug . We 've worked together a long time . Anyway , I just had to come out here and check for myself . Check what , Doctor ? For an entrance or an exit to the caverns he described . I 'm afraid you 're wasting your time . Cigarette , Doctor ? No , think you . See , we 've already covered the entire area . We couldn 't find a thing . Then what about that scar ? I 'd like to see you disprove that . Oh , Mrs Martin . Oh , how is he , Doctor ? Oh , he 's resting fine . I think he 'll be all right . How 's the car ? There 's nothing to worry about ... DOCTOR MARTIN : Keep away from me . Keep away , I said ! Stop ! Let me go ! They 're after me ! Nobody 's after you , Doctor Martin . Keep away ! Doug , he 's trying to help you . I don 't need any help ! I , I want to see Curt , right away . Now , you control yourself , and I 'll call him just as Soon as you get back to your room . Now , you get back into bed , and I 'll call Doctor Kruger . I , I 've got to figure something out before he gets here . I 'll need a pencil , some paper , and a slide rule . I 'll see that you get it . Oh , can I have Doctor Kruger , please . [ PHONE RINGING ] Doctor Kruger speaking . Oh yes , Major , how is he ? All right , I 'll be over in a few minutes . Doug . Doug . Doug . Curt ! Ellen , I got here as soon as I could . Is there anything wrong ? He 's much better . And Major , he 's even started working . He asked for paper and a slide rule . That 's interesting . I wonder what he 's up to . Formulas , equations , anyway , whatever he said , Pretend to agree with him , Major Clift 's orders . Of course . Doug . Doug , Curt 's here . Hello , Doug . Just a second . I 'm almost finished . I 'll take your hat . Thank you . Curt , let 's face it . I know that you all think there 's Something wrong with me . No , of course not . No , I wouldn 't blame you after the story I told last night . Well , frankly you did have us a little worried Asking that a bomb be dropped because of what you said . Now , you don 't believe me , either . Curt , I tell you , I 've been there . I 've seen what they 're doing , breeding animals Into carnivorous monsters , but I don 't need a bomb to stop them . I 've figured it out . It 's all here . Now look , here 's the nuclear strength of our last test , And this is the amount of electricity Needed to control it . Let me see that . I had to estimate the conversion Rates of their transformers . If these figures are correct , such transforms Must operate on a constant supply of electricity . Where could they get that much electric power ? Only one way , they must tap it from the main lines At the power house . If they do it by parallel induction , Nobody 'd ever know the difference . All we have to do is to cut it off . Cut off the power ? We can 't do that . It would cause untold damage for miles around . Such a power stoppage must be planned in advance . 8 to 10 seconds , that 's all I need . That gap in supply will short out their resistors And the whole thing 'll go up . But you won 't go along with that , no no , not you . Doug get back in bed . I 've got the car keys . Now look , you 're carrying this too far . Out of my way . Doug ! Please call the main gate and try to stop Doctor Martin . Doug took the car , hurry ! Doctor Martin ! Stop ! [ TIRES SQUEALING ] Stop ! He did what ? How long ago ? Right , we 'll leave immediately . What 's wrong , Colonel ? Doctor Martin , he 's on his way to the power house , Wants to cut off the power supply . Well , let 's go . I couldn 't stop him , Doctor , he went that way . [ TIRES SQUEALING ] Hey , no parking ! [ LOUD MACHINERY ] [ PHONE RINGING ] OK , you run up the stairs , I 'll look here . [ TIRES SQUEALING ] There 's his car . Come on , hurry ! He isn 't back there . Let 's go . Where is the driver of this car ? He went into the building . We better take the stairs . What do you want ? Where are the main switches ? Hey , what 's the with you ? You sleep walking or something , Mister ? Where are the switches that control the ... [ PHONE RINGING ] Soledad Flats area ? I said , where are they ? This way . [ PHONE RINGING ] Phone . Control room . Yeah . Uh-huh . Come on . Show me those switches , come on ! All right . Cut that power . Now look , Mister , be reasonable . I said , cut it . Now the next one . Next . Go on . That 'll turn the power off for 100 miles . Do as I say . Stay where you are . Put down that gun , Doctor Martin . I 'm warning you , Colonel , come any closer and I 'll kill him . Now the next one . What 's this one ? That 's the master switch . Cut it . ELLEN MARTIN : Doug , please , don 't . I said , cut it . Get back or I 'll kill him . Go on , get back . Go on , get back . Do as he says . DOUG MARTIN : Give me 10 seconds after I cut the power . If I 'm insane , nothing will happen , And you can do what you want with me . But if I 'm right ... Now , one , two , three , Four , five , six , seven , eight ... [ LOUD RUMBLING ] Over here . Soledad Flats , right on the button . Just as he said . He blew them to pieces . [ MUSIC PLAYING ]
