 ¶ ¶ [ Heavenly choir ] [ Thunder clapping ] ¶ ¶ [ Heavenly choir ] [ Narrator ] Needles in a heavenly haystack . There are more stars in the heavens ... [ Narrator ] Needles in a heavenly haystack . Than there are human beings on earth . [ Narrator ] Needles in a heavenly haystack . Through telescopes , men of science constantly search ... [ Narrator ] Needles in a heavenly haystack . The infinitesimal corners of our solar system , [ narrator ] Needles in a heavenly haystack . Seeking new discoveries , [ narrator ] Needles in a heavenly haystack . Hoping to better understand the laws of the universe . [ Narrator ] Needles in a heavenly haystack . Observatories dedicated to the study of astronomy ... [ Narrator ] Needles in a heavenly haystack . Often are set in high and remote places , [ narrator ] Needles in a heavenly haystack . But there is none more remote than mount kenna observatory ... [ Narrator ] Needles in a heavenly haystack . In this part of South Africa . [ Narrator ] Needles in a heavenly haystack . If our calculations prove to be correct , this will be the most frightening discovery of all time . If our calculations prove to be correct , these two bodies have traveled almost a million Miles in two weeks . If our calculations prove to be correct , [ airplane approaching ] If our calculations prove to be correct , is that Randall ? I hope so . If our calculations prove to be correct , Stanley , I want Randall to leave as quickly as possible . If our calculations prove to be correct , all the plates are ready ; Cataloged and marked for identification . If our calculations prove to be correct , here are tonight 's plates , doctor . Good . Include them . If our calculations prove to be correct , I told Professor hendron I 'd send as much detail as we had . If our calculations prove to be correct , oh , Paul , Stanley ... It won 't be necessary to tell Randall what he 's carrying . Oh , Paul , Stanley ... Z-s-m-a-p , Dave Randall from Johannesburg , cabin monoplane , request permission to land . Z-s-m-a-p , Dave Randall from Johannesburg , over . Z-s-m-a-p , Dave Randall from Johannesburg , [ radio ] Hello , Randall . Russ Curtis , mount kenna field . Z-s-m-a-p , Dave Randall from Johannesburg , visibility fine . Take runway three . Z-s-m-a-p , Dave Randall from Johannesburg , approach from southwest at 500 . Z-s-m-a-p , Dave Randall from Johannesburg , there 's a car waiting here to take you up to Dr. Bronson at the observatory . Over . Z-s-m-a-p , Dave Randall from Johannesburg , over . Thank you , mount kenna field . Z-s-m-a-p , Dave Randall from Johannesburg , hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? You must have been held up at mount kenna field . We knew you arrived two hours ago . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? I had a friend 's aunt for a passenger . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? Had to get the old lady home first . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? I 'm emery Bronson . Hello , doctor . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? You 've been well recommended to us , Mr. Randall . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? Shouldn 't have taken much recommendation . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? I understand all you want is a package delivered . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? Did you bring your passport to the United States ? Yes . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? Who gets delivery of what ? Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? Your recommendations said I could depend on a lack of curiosity . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? Dr. Bronson , I don 't care what you 're doing or why . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? All I want to know is where do I go and how soon do I get paid . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? I didn 't mean to be rude . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? It 's just that secrecy is very important now . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? You 'll fly your plane to Lisbon , hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? Then take the transatlantic clipper to New York . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? The delivery will be made to Dr. hendron ... Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? At the cosmos observatory . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? Here are several poses of Dr. hendron . Hello , Randall . How are you , Stan ? The delivery must be made to him personally . Remember that . To Dr. hendron only . [ Randall ] Right . The delivery must be made to him personally . Remember that . You 'll require this for expenses . I 'm supposed to get paid $ 1,500 plus the expenses . Hendron will pay you on delivery . I 'm supposed to get paid $ 1,500 plus the expenses . Time is all that counts . The money doesn 't matter at all . I 'm supposed to get paid $ 1,500 plus the expenses . With me , doctor , money always matters . I 'm supposed to get paid $ 1,500 plus the expenses . Perhaps now , but the day may arrive when money won 't mean anything , I 'm supposed to get paid $ 1,500 plus the expenses . Not to you ... Nor anyone . I 'm supposed to get paid $ 1,500 plus the expenses . When that happens to me , I 'll be six feet under . I 'm supposed to get paid $ 1,500 plus the expenses . Good luck , Randall . [ Sighs ] There was another radiogram for you at the last stop , Mr. Randall . Thank you . There was another radiogram for you at the last stop , Mr. Randall . I hope you 're enjoying your trip . There was another radiogram for you at the last stop , Mr. Randall . Yes , it 's very nice . Thanks . There was another radiogram for you at the last stop , Mr. Randall . Honestly , the inspection takes longer than the trip abroad . I brought Clara a few things . She 's so appreciative . Honestly , the inspection takes longer than the trip abroad . Fifty percent duty ? I 'd rather junk this stuff here . Honestly , the inspection takes longer than the trip abroad . I think that 's the man . The one carrying the black box . I 'll see . I think that 's the man . David Randall ? That 's right . May I see your passport , please ? David Randall ? That 's right . Thank you . Fine . I 'll handle this , Jim . Give him his luggage , will you ? That brown one there . Fine . I 'll handle this , Jim . Right this way , please . Here 's your man . How do you do ? I 'm Joyce hendron ... Professor hendron 's daughter . Here 's your man . How do you do ? We 're to go straight to the observatory . Here 's your man . How do you do ? Better than having a motorcycle escort . Here 's your man . How do you do ? You 'll need a pass to get out of the building . Here 's your man . How do you do ? The pass . Oh . Here 's your man . How do you do ? Thank you . You 're welcome . Here 's your man . How do you do ? Right this way , Mr. Randall . Here 's your man . How do you do ? [ Man ] Mr. Randall ! Oh , Mr. Randall ! Here 's your man . How do you do ? Mr. Randall , I 'm Donovan from the sentinel . Some other time . We 've raised our offer to 7,500 . Mr. Randall , I 'm Donovan from the sentinel . Here 's a check to your order . Mr. Randall , I 'm Donovan from the sentinel . No , thanks . I 'm working on a better offer . Can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , but it 's difficult to keep secrets from the newspapers . Can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , I 'm glad you turned them down . Can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , you know what it would mean if the public had this information prematurely . Can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , of course . Can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , we 've been praying Dr. Bronson is wrong , can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , that these pictures will show some error in his calculations . Can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , mm-hmm . Can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , don 't you find yourself wishing ? Can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , wouldn 't you almost rather not know ? Can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , it 's better to know . Can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , I wish I had your courage ... Can 't imagine how the sentinel even had a hint about your errand , but I 'm frightened . As frightened as all those people would be if they knew . But I 'm frightened . I haven 't the courage to face the end of the world . Joyce . I 'm glad you waited for me . So am I. Tony , this is Mr. Randall . Dr. Drake . Joyce . I 'm glad you waited for me . How are you ? How do you do ? Joyce . I 'm glad you waited for me . Alice , didn 't my father know Dr. Drake was here ? Joyce . I 'm glad you waited for me . I told Alice not to bother him . He has some people with him . Joyce . I 'm glad you waited for me . It 's a special meeting of the observatory 's trustees . Joyce . I 'm glad you waited for me . They 'll want to see you right away . Joyce . I 'm glad you waited for me . You smoke ? Thanks . I 'll try one . Have a South African one . You smoke ? Thanks . I 'll try one . You part of this deal , doctor ? This stargazing ? No , I confine my gazing to the eye , ear , nose and throat . You part of this deal , doctor ? This stargazing ? I 'm an m.D. You part of this deal , doctor ? This stargazing ? I gather you 're not an astronomer either . You part of this deal , doctor ? This stargazing ? Me ? No , I 'm just a high-priced messenger boy ... You part of this deal , doctor ? This stargazing ? Who is beginning to have doubts about the sanity of astronomers . You part of this deal , doctor ? This stargazing ? They ought to stick to making wrong predictions about the weather . You part of this deal , doctor ? This stargazing ? Astronomy is a very exact science . You part of this deal , doctor ? This stargazing ? Maybe so , but when they start telling me doomsday is around the corner , we part company . You part of this deal , doctor ? This stargazing ? Who 's been telling you that ? You part of this deal , doctor ? This stargazing ? Mr. Randall ? Come right this way . Hello , Tony . Come along if you want . Mr. Randall ? Come right this way . Please ... one second . Mr. Randall ? Come right this way . Please , I have people waiting . Mr. Randall ? Come right this way . I 'm supposed to make sure . Oh , yes , of course . Mr. Randall ? Come right this way . They check . Who told you that , about doomsday ? Why , doc , I thought you were practically a member of the family . Who told you that , about doomsday ? Put it on the desk . Please . Thank you , dear . Dr. Bronson said I would get $ 1,500 . Put it on the desk . Please . I 'll take care of it . This is supposed to be c.O.D. Put it on the desk . Please . Hold still , please . Put it on the desk . Please . Oh , thank you . Would you mind waiting in the anteroom , Mr. Randall ? He knows all the details , dad . Would you mind waiting in the anteroom , Mr. Randall ? Dr. Bronson and I have no secrets from each other . Would you mind waiting in the anteroom , Mr. Randall ? Bronson been at this study a long time ? Would you mind waiting in the anteroom , Mr. Randall ? Two years . When I first heard from him ten days ago , would you mind waiting in the anteroom , Mr. Randall ? He wanted me to check his findings . Would you mind waiting in the anteroom , Mr. Randall ? Give this data to d.A. Would you mind waiting in the anteroom , Mr. Randall ? " D " for differential , " a " for analyzer . Differential analyzer : D.A. Naturally . We 'll check these through the viewer . " D " for differential , " a " for analyzer . Differential analyzer : D.A. Dr. hendron , the key . Later , Randall . [ Clacking ] Dr. hendron , the key . Later , Randall . Sometimes I wish I didn 't know Bronson 's capabilities so well . He rarely leaves any margin for error . Sometimes I wish I didn 't know Bronson 's capabilities so well . This was Bronson 's first discovery : Bellus , a star , a dozen times larger than our earth . This was Bronson 's first discovery : Bellus , a star , bellus has been approaching earth at tremendous speed . This was Bronson 's first discovery : Bellus , a star , Bronson 's second discovery : A new planet . This was Bronson 's first discovery : Bellus , a star , Bronson named it zyra . This was Bronson 's first discovery : Bellus , a star , his measurements show this new body revolves around bellus , this was Bronson 's first discovery : Bellus , a star , more rapidly than earth revolves around the sun . This was Bronson 's first discovery : Bellus , a star , this is in the constellation of scorpio . Dr. frye , notice the position of these new bodies . Yes . Yes , I see . Dr. frye , notice the position of these new bodies . But here again , bellus and zyra have changed position . How fast they 've been moving and their eventual destination ... But here again , bellus and zyra have changed position . Are among the mathematical problems now being determined by our differential analyzer . But here again , bellus and zyra have changed position . We 'll have the results in a few hours . But here again , bellus and zyra have changed position . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . Both these bodies are coming into our solar system . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . If Bronson 's readings are correct , they will destroy the earth . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . How far away from us are they ? Zyra is about the same size as our earth . The calculator will be precise . I would estimate about three billion Miles . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . " Billion " ? Let people start worrying a hundred years from now . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . Mr. Randall , you 've been flying ships faster than sound for many years . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . These bodies are moving thousands of times faster . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . They could be upon us in less than one year . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . Now , I repeat , all this depends on Bronson 's findings being correct . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . The planet zyra will pass very close to us , zyra is about the same size as our earth . Close enough to influence the tides . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . Oceans will be torn from their depths . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . Tidal waves hundreds of feet high will sweep in from the coasts . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . There will be giant earthquakes . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . Handfuls of people may survive if provisions are made . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . We 'll make them . Every possible effort . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . Whatever help my factories can give , we will give gladly . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . It will be useless . Soon after , bellus will come into direct collision with the earth . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . Our world will end . Zyra is about the same size as our earth . There is no error . [ Laughing , chattering ] ¶ ¶ [ laughing , chattering ] [ Laughing ] I always wanted to do this . Want to try it ? I always wanted to do this . It 's funny . I keep thinking about a Mr. Simmons . He was a patient of mine when I was interning ; One of those incurable cases . It 's funny . I keep thinking about a Mr. Simmons . I used to wonder how he felt the day he asked me how much longer he had to live . It 's funny . I keep thinking about a Mr. Simmons . Now I think I know . It 's funny . I keep thinking about a Mr. Simmons . Joyce ? Yes ? Let 's not put off getting married . Joyce ? Yes ? There isn 't any reason to wait now , is there ? Joyce ? Yes ? I promised dad I 'd wait . There 'll be so much to do . Joyce ? Yes ? Darling , your father will be the first to agree with me . Joyce ? Yes ? The time that 's left should be ours . Joyce ? Yes ? [ Applauding ] Joyce ? Yes ? We 're entitled to be that selfish when we know what 's coming . Joyce ? Yes ? I 'd feel better if I talked to dad first . Joyce ? Yes ? He 'll be home day after tomorrow . Joyce ? Yes ? Dr. Drake ? Yes ? There is a call for you . They said it was the hospital . Dr. Drake ? Yes ? Oh , thank you . Excuse me . I 'll be right back . Dr. Drake ? Yes ? I never used to believe my mother 's stories ... About Americans being the most progressive people . I never used to believe my mother 's stories ... I thought she was boasting because she was born here . I never used to believe my mother 's stories ... But this is proof of progress . I never used to believe my mother 's stories ... They charge for drinks ... By the inch . I never used to believe my mother 's stories ... Look ... stargazer , arithmetic 's your department . How much is seven times two and a half dollars ? [ Chuckles ] Look ... stargazer , arithmetic 's your department . Real progress . $ 17.50 per bottle . Look ... stargazer , arithmetic 's your department . Want to tell me something , stargazer ? Look ... stargazer , arithmetic 's your department . What is it ? You and the doctor going to get married ? Look ... stargazer , arithmetic 's your department . I don 't know . Maybe you could tell me where I could find out . Look ... stargazer , arithmetic 's your department . Why ? I 'd like to stop being just an interested bystander . Look ... stargazer , arithmetic 's your department . Bronson gets in tomorrow . I 'll have to tell him how right he was . He said the day was coming when money wouldn 't mean a thing to me . Bronson gets in tomorrow . I 'll have to tell him how right he was . May I trouble you for another light ? Thank you , madam . May I trouble you for another light ? This is the day . Money to burn ! May I trouble you for another light ? [ Laughing ] Oh ! May I trouble you for another light ? [ Man speaking hindustani ] [ Continues ] [ Continues ] [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... That all the delegates here want answered . [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... I hope I have your confidence . [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... You are satisfied that there is no error ? [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... [ Interpreter ] You are confident that all the facts are correct ? [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... Yes , sir . [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... The effect of zyra 's passing should be felt about 1 : 00 on the afternoon of July 24 . [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... [ Murmuring ] [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... [ Speaking French ] [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... [ Continues ] [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... What about the giant star bellus ? [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... Can the doctor tell us when this second body will threaten ? [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... Nineteen days later . [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... Bellus will crush the earth on the morning of August 12 . [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... [ French ] [ Murmuring ] [ Continues ] But I must ask one question ... This is not a publicity-seeking campaign . We are completely aware that most of our colleagues ridicule our findings . This is not a publicity-seeking campaign . But believing what we do , we have no choice but to ask for this hearing . This is not a publicity-seeking campaign . [ Speaking Portuguese ] Therefore I ask you , Dr. hendron , [ speaking Portuguese ] If it is with complete certainty ... [ Speaking Portuguese ] That you tell us the world will end on next August 12 ? [ Speaking Portuguese ] Precisely that , sir . [ Speaking Portuguese ] [ Speaking Spanish ] [ Speaking Portuguese ] [ Continues ] [ Speaking Portuguese ] There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . The world will be destroyed , but a few people will be saved ? There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . Our world will come to an end on August 12 , in slightly more than eight months . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . There is no margin for error in that , sir . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . But we believe the planet zyra once contained living matter . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . We believe ... and this is theory , not certainty ... there is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . That some form of vegetation may still exist on zyra . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . You are proposing that we all pack our trunks and move to ... There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . Zyra . Zyra ? There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . [ Delegate chuckling ] No , sir . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . But we are hoping that , with God 's help and guidance , a few people may do that . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . A 20th century Noah 's ark , huh ? There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . Yes , one or more of them ; As many as can be built in this short time . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . Eventually , as zyra and bellus speed closer toward us , there is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . Even a layman will be able to see the danger . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . Much as a train looms up in the distance , in an instant it is upon you . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . With enough funds , labor and material , there is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . Dr. frye believes rocket ships can be built to fly to zyra , which will be closest to us . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . But , remember , eight months is very little time for construction . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . Only if work begins immediately can this be done . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . If you wait until the danger is visible to the naked eye , it will be too late to escape . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . Bellus and zyra will be upon us and crush the earth . There is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . That is the most absurd ... there is a possibility ... a very remote one ... that a few people may be saved . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Gentlemen , my colleagues ... Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Dr. Felix zenta , Professor of astronomy at cornwall university ... Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . And Dr. Jonathan Wilson , President of the international planetary research institute ... Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . And I have examined the photographs and data ... Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Submitted by drs . Hendron and Bronson . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Our findings show there is no cause for alarm , Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . [ Delegates murmuring ] No reason to spend billions of dollars ... Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . To build spaceships which never will be needed . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . And suppose they were built . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Do either of you believe that spaceships can fly to any planet ? Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . It is theoretically possible . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . I , too , believe in theories , doctor , Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . But when you tell me flying to another planet is a possibility , Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . You 're out of the realm of theory . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . You 're in a dream world of the impossible . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Even if the world were to end , Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Would it be less unpleasant to die out in space ... Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Than here on firm ground ? Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . [ Delegates chuckling ] The world will not end . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Certainly , these new bodies will pass our planet . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Heavenly bodies frequently do . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . But we are still here . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Predicting the end of the world is an annual crackpot event in our society , Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . An attempt to corner the newspaper headlines . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . But I did not expect a man of Dr. hendron 's background ... Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . To join this headline-hunting parade . Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . [ Delegates applauding ] Dr. ottinger , of the estabrook observatory . Read all about it ! End of the world just around the corner ! Read all about it ! Get your ... end of the world just around the corner ! Get your evening paper ! [ Newspaper boy continues shouting ] Get your evening paper ! Let 's be thankful for small favors . The subcommittee didn 't believe a word we told them , but they didn 't ridicule us . Let 's be thankful for small favors . No one believes us . How will we ever interest enough private capital ? Let 's be thankful for small favors . It 's hopeless . I believe you , Bob . Let 's be thankful for small favors . I 'll buy you a start on your rocket ship . Let 's be thankful for small favors . At my age , I 'll settle for the satisfaction ... Let 's be thankful for small favors . That I contributed toward salvaging something from our old world . Let 's be thankful for small favors . Hey , I 'm older and richer than you are . Let 's be thankful for small favors . I 'll arrange the lease on a large enough camp ; let 's be thankful for small favors . One of the government 's old proving ground sites . Let 's be thankful for small favors . Between marston and me , you 'll have enough to start construction . Let 's be thankful for small favors . Wonderful , spiro . Wonderful ! Let 's be thankful for small favors . I 'll arrange the details for our next meeting . Right . Right . Let 's be thankful for small favors . Gentlemen . Have you got a minute , dad ? Oh . I 'm marking time . We have an appointment with Sidney Stanton . Have you got a minute , dad ? Is he going to give you the rest of the money you need ? Have you got a minute , dad ? I hope so . He phoned for the appointment . Have you got a minute , dad ? Tony 's outside . I 'm sure he didn 't come to see me . He wants to marry me now . Tony 's outside . I 'm sure he didn 't come to see me . I don 't blame him . Isn 't marriage what you want , honey ? Tony 's outside . I 'm sure he didn 't come to see me . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... More than any other man . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... I was always sure we would get married one of these days . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... Joyce , dear , there isn 't time for uncertainty . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... You have to answer this question : Oh , I 've liked Tony ... Do you want to spend what time is left with Tony as his wife ? Oh , I 've liked Tony ... I wish I could answer it . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... I suppose it really doesn 't matter . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... And it is what Tony wants . Not what you want ? Oh , I 've liked Tony ... I don 't know that either . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... Oh , dad , I 'm so mixed-up . I-I can 't think straight . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... Do I know this subject of your confusion ? Oh , I 've liked Tony ... Dave Randall . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... I don 't know why , when or where , dad . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... I 've told myself I like being with him only because he 's someone new , someone different . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... [ Intercom buzzes ] Oh , I 've liked Tony ... Yes ? [ Alice ] Mr. Stanton is here . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... Tell Dr. frye , and send in Mr. Stanton . Oh , I 've liked Tony ... You told me to answer the question for you , Joyce . Remember ? Let Tony wait a while longer . And you ... you told me to answer the question for you , Joyce . Remember ? You give me two minutes after Stanton leaves ... You told me to answer the question for you , Joyce . Remember ? To figure out a good excuse to keep Dave Randall here . You told me to answer the question for you , Joyce . Remember ? Oh , thanks , dad . Thanks . You told me to answer the question for you , Joyce . Remember ? Dr. hendron . Mr. Stanton . This is Dr. frye . Doctor of what ? Dr. hendron . Mr. Stanton . Dr. frye is the Dean of the eastern school of technology . Dr. hendron . Mr. Stanton . All right , I 'm in here safe and sound . Go outside and read the magazines . Dr. hendron . Mr. Stanton . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? Will it get to that new planet ? In theory . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? On the calculations of some engineers , such a flight is possible . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? Two of your observatory trustees ... marston and spiro ... [ door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? Tell me that you have an equipped campsite , [ door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? But you need money to finish the ship . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? A great deal of money . Millions . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? Amounts don 't stagger me . I 'm just weighing the percentages . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? Your word against the word of other astronomers : Wilson , ottinger , zenta . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? I 've talked to them . They think you 're a crackpot . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? I know . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? It will mean liquidating some of my business interests . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? It may mean the salvation of a civilization . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? Their salvation doesn 't interest me ! Mine does . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? I 'm no humanitarian like your friends , marston and spiro . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? I just don 't relish dying . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? What are the chances of existence on this new planet ? [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? We don 't know . We can only hope they 're good . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? Millions for theories . The end of the world is no theory to us , Mr. Stanton . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? If I thought it was , I wouldn 't be here . [ Door closes ] What about this Noah 's ark ? All right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . One thing : I select the people who 'll go with us . All right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . This won 't be a commercial liner . All right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . There may be space for 40 or 50 human beings , some machinery and livestock ; all right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . The minimum needs to begin a new life . All right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . You 're not qualified to select those people . All right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . Nevertheless , I reserve that privilege . Make up your mind . All right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . It is made up . You admit you don 't relish dying . All right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . You 're willing to put up this money as life insurance . All right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . The guarantee that if the world ends , you 'll be among the few ... All right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . With a chance to reach this new world . All right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . That makes my proposition a simple one : Your money for your life . All right , I 'll pay for the rest of your ark . We 'll do the picking together , half and half . [ Hendron ] No . Why not ? Why should you set yourself up as the only one to give life or take it away ? We 'll do the picking together , half and half . [ Hendron ] No . The proposition still stands : Your money for your life . We 'll do the picking together , half and half . [ Hendron ] No . You know I can 't refuse . Build it . " Herzog , Mason , Fitzsimmons , brown , " parson , Grossman , stone , ising , " herzog , Mason , Fitzsimmons , brown , " Matisse , Garson , marachek , vandyck , duvall , " herzog , Mason , Fitzsimmons , brown , Ortega , cassinelli . " " Herzog , Mason , Fitzsimmons , brown , you are the men selected . Gentlemen ... this is a rough design of our ship . You are the men selected . Now , instead of taking off in the customary manner ... straight up ... you are the men selected . We will conserve fuel by using a mile-long slide to give us impetus . You are the men selected . For this slide , the ship will be cradled on a rocket-propelled undercarriage , you are the men selected . Which will be automatically released at the end of the run . You are the men selected . At approximately this point , the wing engines will be turned on , you are the men selected . And here the full power of all engines will be used ... You are the men selected . To carry us out of the gravitational pull of the earth . You are the men selected . We will then be in free ascent and no power will be used ... You are the men selected . Until we reach the gravitational pull of zyra , you are the men selected . At which time the ship will be operated as a normal aircraft . You are the men selected . Similar rocket ships are also being constructed in other countries . You are the men selected . Now , about our camp and its working conditions ... you are the men selected . Dave Randall , who is assisting Dr. hendron , will talk to you about that . You are the men selected . Dave . Thanks , Dr. frye . You are the men selected . First , I want to say you men were selected because you are the top engineering students . You are the men selected . The agricultural students , our mechanics , you are the men selected . All our men and women were picked this way . You are the men selected . The project needs you because you are fine technicians . You are the men selected . You are healthy . You are free to make your own decision . You are the men selected . There is no guarantee that the ship will reach zyra , you are the men selected . But those who will make the flight ... You are the men selected . Will be chosen by lot sometime before the worlds collide . You are the men selected . Now , only about 40 persons can be taken , you are the men selected . And , already , there are more than 600 people working on this project . You are the men selected . [ Randall ] Go down in the bunker first . [ Man over p.A. System ] Joyce hendron , please take your new arrivals to dormitory " c . " Got the cards for this group ? Yes , sir . Are my cards ready , Jerry ? Right here , miss hendron . Got the cards for this group ? Yes , sir . All right , fellows , this way . Got the cards for this group ? Yes , sir . Thanks . I 'll leave these at the clinic . Got the cards for this group ? Yes , sir . Follow me , girls . Got the cards for this group ? Yes , sir . [ P.A. System ] Dr. frye , please . Got the cards for this group ? Yes , sir . Dr. frye , there is a call for you from the microfilm laboratory . Got the cards for this group ? Yes , sir . [ Man ] Julie ! Got the cards for this group ? Yes , sir . [ P.A. System ] Attention , new arrivals . I 'll see you later . [ P.A. System continues ] Check in at the medical clinic within 30 minutes . [ P.A. System ] Attention , new arrivals . I 'll see you later . Attention , new arrivals . Attention , please . [ P.A. System ] Attention , new arrivals . I 'll see you later . Check in at the medical clinic within 30 minutes . [ P.A. System ] Attention , new arrivals . I 'll see you later . Dr. Bronson , please . Dr. Bronson , will you go to the chart room ? Dr. Bronson , please . Attention , main garage . Two jeeps are needed immediately at the foot of the ramp approach . Attention , main garage . Animals now waiting for unloading on east end . Hello , Tony . Joyce ! Hello , Tony . Did you have a nice trip ? Seventy new people . Did you have a nice trip ? Where 's dad ? Dr. ottinger asked him to come to New York ... Did you have a nice trip ? For a conference with Wilson and zenta . Did you have a nice trip ? Oh , well ... I 'll put these new cards in the file . Did you have a nice trip ? [ Machinery grinding ] Is this the new design ? That 's right . The drawings came while you were away . Is this the new design ? That 's right . Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... Have jumped over to our side of the fence . Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... That will put an end to the newspapers calling me a lunatic . Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... " Stanton 's folly . " Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... With time running out , they 'll wish they had a fleet of Stanton 's follies . Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... No . They admit our calculations on zyra and bellus are correct , Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... But they insist our flight is an impossibility . Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... Even in other countries where ships are being built , Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... Most scientists say the flight isn 't possible . Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... And you ? I believe as I did before . Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... In theory , it should ... always theories . Puzzles on paper . Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... Aren 't you fellows ever positive ? Only about doomsday . Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... A representative of the government will warn the people tomorrow . Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... Provisions will be made to evacuate them to Mountain locations . Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... What provisions have you made to protect us when the panic starts ? Bronson tells me ottinger and the other doubting thomases ... I haven 't thought about it . I have . I don 't deal in theories . I deal in realities . I haven 't thought about it . Ferris ! Ferris ! Yes , sir ? I haven 't thought about it . Bring in those boxes . I brought enough rifles to stop a small army . I haven 't thought about it . There won 't be any panic in this camp . I haven 't thought about it . Stop theorizing . Once the havoc is over , I haven 't thought about it . Every mother 's son remaining alive will try to get here and climb aboard our ship . I haven 't thought about it . People are more civilized than that . They know only a handful can make the flight . I haven 't thought about it . You 've spent too much time with the stars . I haven 't thought about it . You don 't know anything about living , the law of the human jungle . I haven 't thought about it . I do . I 've spent my life at it . I haven 't thought about it . You don 't know what your civilized people will do to cling to life . I haven 't thought about it . I do , because I know I 'd cling if I had to kill to do it . I haven 't thought about it . And so will you . I haven 't thought about it . We 're the lucky ones , the handful with a chance to reach another world . I haven 't thought about it . And we 'll use those guns . You 'll use them , doctor , I haven 't thought about it . To keep your only chance to stay a live . I haven 't thought about it . Ferris . Ferris ! I haven 't thought about it . [ TV reporter ] There can be no question that some crisis impends . I haven 't thought about it . The secretary is on his way from the committee room . I haven 't thought about it . We will have his message in a moment or two . I haven 't thought about it . [ Murmuring ] I haven 't thought about it . [ Secretary ] My friends , it is imperative that you listen closely ... I haven 't thought about it . For this is a matter of life or death ; I haven 't thought about it . Your lives , the lives of everyone on earth . I haven 't thought about it . At 1 : 00 on July 24 , I haven 't thought about it . Zyra , a new planet , will pass so close to the earth ... I haven 't thought about it . It will cause vast destruction . I haven 't thought about it . There is no doubt about the coming of zyra . I haven 't thought about it . Remember , there is no doubt . I haven 't thought about it . By 1 : 00 on that day , all populations must have been evacuated from coastal areas . I haven 't thought about it . Plans have been made and all that can be done will be done . I haven 't thought about it . When I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . I remember being so scared I didn 't dare go to sleep . When I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . And in the morning the sun came out ... When I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . And everything looked so wonderful I forgot the story . When I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . Life was beautiful all over again . When I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . The same sun will be shining on the new world . When I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . Look ... stargazer , I don 't figure in this new world . When I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . The past couple of months , you and I have been telling recruits ... When I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . That the few who will make the trip will be needed in the new world . When I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . Scientists like you and your father , Tony , farmers and mechanics ... when I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . You have things to offer , but you won 't be needing aerial taxi drivers ... When I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . For another hundred years . When I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . Dad promised me that ... when I was a kid , I read a book about the world coming to an end . Dad said we 'd need you . Thanks . Thanks , but Noah would have turned down my application fast . Dad said we 'd need you . Thanks . But , Dave ... dad said we 'd need you . Thanks . I 'm not applying for this trip . Dad said we 'd need you . Thanks . Use a little arithmetic . The ship 's cargo is limited . Every pound will count . Dad said we 'd need you . Thanks . I weigh as much as a couple of lambs , three dozen chickens , dad said we 'd need you . Thanks . One healthy farmer . Dad said we 'd need you . Thanks . Oh , we 're coming in . Better see that they 're strapped down . Dad said we 'd need you . Thanks . Randall calling plateau tower . Come in , please . Over . Dad said we 'd need you . Thanks . [ Secretary continues ] Schedules of train , bus and plane departures ... Will be made available ... [ Man over radio ] Plateau tower . [ Secretary continues ] Schedules of train , bus and plane departures ... [ Man over p.A. System ] Attention , please . Attention , please . The commanding general will speak to you . Stand by . [ Man over p.A. System ] Attention , please . Attention , please . [ Commanding general ] This is an official order . The evacuation will now proceed in an orderly manner . [ Commanding general ] This is an official order . There will be planes enough for all . [ Commanding general ] This is an official order . Women and children will be loaded aboard first . [ Commanding general ] This is an official order . Families will not be separated for long . [ Commanding general ] This is an official order . I repeat this : Families will only be separated ... [ Commanding general ] This is an official order . For the duration of the evacuation flight . [ Commanding general ] This is an official order . Women and children will now proceed to the designated planes . [ Commanding general ] This is an official order . [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... Has humanity felt so close to God . [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... As zyra inexorably rushes toward us ... perhaps to destroy the earth ... [ narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... Men and women of all races and creeds pause to think , to pray and to atone . [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... As the evacuation of coastal cities progressed , [ narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... Tales of individual acts of heroism and sacrifice ... [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... Poured into newspaper offices . [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... With few exceptions , transportation and utility workers ... [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... Volunteered to remain at their posts ... [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... Until the evacuation is completed . [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... Overnight , populations of inland cities were more than doubled . [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... Deserted , the once great city of New York is a ghost town . [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... Ten million mighty , roaring machines suddenly shut off , [ narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... Waiting for the approach of zyra . [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... The silence ... an eerie foretelling ... [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... Of the destruction to come at 1 : 00 , [ narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... The hour of doom . [ Narrator ] Never before in the history of the world ... According to your figures , by now we were supposed to feel the effects of zyra 's passing : Tidal waves , oceans torn from their beds . According to your figures , by now we were supposed to feel the effects of zyra 's passing : Millions of dollars for a false alarm . Ottinger called you a crackpot . Millions of dollars for a false alarm . I think all you scientists are crackpots . Millions of dollars for a false alarm . Nothing is going to happen . Millions of dollars for a false alarm . [ Rumbling ] Millions of dollars for a false alarm . [ Rumbling continues ] Millions of dollars for a false alarm . Ferris . Millions of dollars for a false alarm . [ Rumbling continues ] Millions of dollars for a false alarm . Joyce ... are you all right ? Yes , dad . I 'm over here . Joyce ... are you all right ? [ Alarm , sirens blaring ] [ P.A. System ] Attention ! The ship is breaking loose ! [ Alarm , sirens blaring ] Emergency crews to ramp ! Emergency crews to ramp ! [ Alarm , sirens blaring ] [ Alarm , sirens continue ] [ Alarm , sirens blaring ] [ Siren blaring ] Move those " I " beams to the ship ! Come on ! Go to the crane ! Use the hook to stop the undercarriage ! Right . Go to the crane ! Use the hook to stop the undercarriage ! Lower the block ! [ Metal creaking ] Look out ! The crane is falling ! [ Crane crashes ] Bronson . [ Siren approaching ] [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . Is anyone left ? Can anyone hear us ? [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . We are located 11 Miles due north of middletown . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . Emergency camp nine repeating ... about a hundred Miles from here . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . [ Radio ] There is a desperate need here for drinking water . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . Anything else for the helicopter , doctor ? Yeah , those boxes . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . I 'll bring the rest . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . [ Radio ] Repeating : We are remaining on the air . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . Repeating : Can anyone hear us ? [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . We need drinking water and medical supplies ; [ man ] This is emergency camp nine again . Plasma , penicillin and sulfa . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . You needn 't come along , Randall . I can fly a helicopter . [ Radio continues ] [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . I 've done a lot of this parcel dropping . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . I can handle it without you . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . You sound as if somebody rubbed you the wrong way . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . That 's an excellent diagnosis . Would you like to prescribe a cure ? [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . You 're the doctor . You name it . Now or later ? [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . [ Radio ] We need drinking water and medical supplies desperately ! [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . Plasma , penicillin , sulfa . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . Later . Come on . [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . Is anyone left ? Can anyone hear us ? [ Man ] This is emergency camp nine again . [ Helicopter approaching ] What 's that ? For a minute , doc , I thought maybe now was that " later " you mentioned . I gave it a passing thought . [ Laughs ] We cannot postpone the inevitable . This meeting was called to choose those who will make the attempt to reach zyra . We cannot postpone the inevitable . As most of you already know , our human cargo must be restricted ... We cannot postpone the inevitable . To 7,000 pounds , 44 persons . We cannot postpone the inevitable . Every pound consumes fuel , a commodity we cannot waste ... We cannot postpone the inevitable . If the flight is to have any chance . We cannot postpone the inevitable . About 900 pounds already have been spoken for : Mr. Stanton , we cannot postpone the inevitable . Dr. frye , my daughter , myself , Dr. Drake and Mr. Randall . We cannot postpone the inevitable . Unless there is some objection , we intend including another 40 pounds ... our latest addition to the camp . Unless there is some objection , we intend including another 40 pounds ... now to again emphasize our fuel problem , most of it will be consumed in overcoming earth 's gravitational pull . Now to again emphasize our fuel problem , but once this has been accomplished , engines will be turned off ... Now to again emphasize our fuel problem , until we come into the gravitational pull of the new world . Now to again emphasize our fuel problem , but then , in turning the ship completely around , now to again emphasize our fuel problem , every ounce of fuel will be needed to avoid crashing . Now to again emphasize our fuel problem , Dr. frye and I hope we have worked out a sound plan . For the sake of efficiency , it would be unwise ... Dr. frye and I hope we have worked out a sound plan . For one man to know he is not to go , Dr. frye and I hope we have worked out a sound plan . But that the man working at his side is among the fortunate few . Dr. frye and I hope we have worked out a sound plan . In this envelope is a list of numbers , the numbers of those who will go . In this envelope is a list of numbers , in these boxes , we have placed numbered disks . In this envelope is a list of numbers , the one on the left for the women , the other for the men . In this envelope is a list of numbers , each of you will select and keep one disk . In this envelope is a list of numbers , this list will be posted on the dormitory bulletin boards shortly before the takeoff . In this envelope is a list of numbers , is this plan satisfactory ? In this envelope is a list of numbers , if there are no objections , please start the drawing . This is the men 's box . Your box here . You pick both numbers . Your box here . This is the women 's box . You 're already listed . This is the women 's box . Hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . Not to quarrel about your sense of ethics , just to ask you why . Hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . I haven 't any more right to a ride on that ship than any other man in this camp . Hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . I 'll grant you that . I 'll even admit my motive was a selfish one . Hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . I want to do things according to hoyle , Dave , but Joyce is pretty important to me . Hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . And to me . I 'm glad . Hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . I 'd do anything to insure her chances , wouldn 't you ? Hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . It isn 't a free ride for Joyce . She ... hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . She 's qualified to go . No more than some others . Hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . We 're stretching the point because she 's important to both of us . Hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . Why not , for her sake , stretch the point a bit farther to include you ? Hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . No . Hello , Dave . I 've been looking for you . Look , doctor , I 've wrestled with this thing for weeks . I can give you a dozen reasons why I shouldn 't go . Look , doctor , I 've wrestled with this thing for weeks . Can you give me one good reason to include me ? Look , doctor , I 've wrestled with this thing for weeks . She wants you , Dave . Look , doctor , I 've wrestled with this thing for weeks . That 'll change . Tony will be there . Look , doctor , I 've wrestled with this thing for weeks . She 's used to having him around . Look , doctor , I 've wrestled with this thing for weeks . They would have been married if I hadn 't come into the picture . Look , doctor , I 've wrestled with this thing for weeks . Anyhow , why worry ? Maybe I drew a lucky number . Look , doctor , I 've wrestled with this thing for weeks . You didn 't take any number from that box . Look , doctor , I 've wrestled with this thing for weeks . I had the exact number of disks in it , one for every man and woman except the six people I named . I had the exact number of disks in it , if you had taken a number , we would have been one short . I had the exact number of disks in it , look , doctor ... The drawing is over . You can 't open a new one or issue new numbers ... Look , doctor ... The drawing is over . Without starting a revolution among the lucky winners . Look , doctor ... The drawing is over . It 's about time I donated something to this setup . Look , doctor ... The drawing is over . I won 't be needed . I never have been . Look , doctor ... The drawing is over . Anyhow , I didn 't give up much by not drawing . Look , doctor ... The drawing is over . What 's one chance in six hundred ? Look , doctor ... The drawing is over . Leaving me will save fuel . Look , doctor ... The drawing is over . Let it stay that way . Look , doctor ... The drawing is over . And , doctor , I ... I hope you won 't say anything to Joyce . Look , doctor ... The drawing is over . Good night . [ P.A. System ] Attention , everyone . Bellus growing larger , getting closer every hour . [ P.A. System ] Attention , everyone . And with every hour , the time left to us gets shorter . So hurry . [ P.A. System ] Attention , everyone . More welders are needed by number three construction crew . Please rush . [ P.A. System ] Attention , everyone . Less than seven days left . We 're falling behind schedule . Trucks are waiting to load plasma and medical supplies . Less than seven days left . We 're falling behind schedule . They should have been aboard now . Hurry ! Hurry ! Less than seven days left . We 're falling behind schedule . Attention , please . Less than six days left to bellus . We 're still falling behind schedule . Attention , please . Less than six days left to bellus . Number five construction crew report to the main bunker . Hurry . Attention , please . Less than six days left to bellus . This engine 's all right . Let 's try this one . I 'll take it . It will work out all right , Joyce . Please ? [ P.A. System ] Everyone , only 79 hours left ... Before the collision with bellus . [ P.A. System ] Everyone , only 79 hours left ... We 're still more than three hours behind schedule . [ P.A. System ] Everyone , only 79 hours left ... Make it up ! Hurry ! [ P.A. System ] Everyone , only 79 hours left ... Worried ? No . Well , this ship is really put together . If anything can make it to the new world , this one will do it . Well , this ship is really put together . Dave ? Yeah ? Well , this ship is really put together . How long would it take to learn this flight panel board ? Well , this ship is really put together . Oh , a few weeks , maybe . Well , this ship is really put together . But Dr. frye knows the inside and outside of every knob on the panel . Well , this ship is really put together . He can operate it almost in his sleep . Well , this ship is really put together . I hope so . What 'll happen when he blacks out ? Well , this ship is really put together . Everyone will black out in the fast climb . Well , this ship is really put together . The direction will be set . This will hold you on course . Well , this ship is really put together . [ Electronic humming ] All the way to zyra ? Well , this ship is really put together . No , but far enough . Well , this ship is really put together . The blackout won 't last too long ; A few minutes , tops . Well , this ship is really put together . This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . Oh , I 'm not . I know how well it 's been put together . This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . The trouble is , I just learned how frye 's put together . This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . Hmm ? His chance of coming out of a blackout isn 't good . This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . I 've seen older men make it . This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . At the speed we 'll climb ? Fifteen hundred Miles in a few minutes ? This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . His heart won 't hold together . No coronary condition like his could stand that pressure . This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . When did you discover that ? Yesterday , when I made his cardiograph test . This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . I haven 't told anyone yet , not even frye . This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . Well , don 't . It won 't help to scare everyone . This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . Like doomsday , that can 't be avoided . This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . We can 't let frye handle this flight . This is no time to start doubting the ship , doc . Look , doc ... Maybe ... well , maybe ... look , doc ... No , Dr. hendron and frye must be told . I can 't take that responsibility . Look , doc ... That isn 't what I wanted to say . Look , doc ... No . I-I mean , you 're-you 're right . You 'll , uh , have to tell them , I guess . There 's no other choice . No . I-I mean , you 're-you 're right . Anything happens to frye when we get out into space ... no . I-I mean , you 're-you 're right . Well , I don 't suppose it makes any difference ... No . I-I mean , you 're-you 're right . Crashing from 1500 Miles up or dying right here on earth when bellus hits . No . I-I mean , you 're-you 're right . Either way , you 're just plain dead . No . I-I mean , you 're-you 're right . After the blackout , one of the technology students , Eddie cummings maybe , after the blackout , could take over if frye tells him what to do . After the blackout , if frye is able to tell him after the blackout . After the blackout , look , Dave , you 're hedging . Why ? We both know who else can handle this flight . Look , Dave , you 're hedging . Why ? Maybe not as good as frye , but good enough . Look , Dave , you 're hedging . Why ? You haven 't any doubts about being able to fly this ship , have you ? Look , Dave , you 're hedging . Why ? No , I can fly her . Look , Dave , you 're hedging . Why ? Well , there isn 't anyone else . Dave , you 're our life insurance . Look , Dave , you 're hedging . Why ? If frye doesn 't make it , you 'll be able to land the ship . Look , Dave , you 're hedging . Why ? For months I 've tried to find a legitimate reason to go along . I never could . For months I 've tried to find a legitimate reason to go along . Maybe things were meant to happen this way . For months I 've tried to find a legitimate reason to go along . Diagnose it any way you want . For months I 've tried to find a legitimate reason to go along . All I know is , I feel a lot easier not having to tell frye the news about himself . For months I 've tried to find a legitimate reason to go along . [ Turns off video screen ] Be right back . [ Turns off video screen ] [ Turns video screen on ] Joyce ! ¶ ¶ [ Whistling ] This is the last of the chloroform . Put it somewhere handy to the animal pens . This is the last of the chloroform . You gonna give the animals a Mickey finn , doc ? This is the last of the chloroform . If we don 't , the pressure will drive them mad . This is the last of the chloroform . This way they 'll stay strapped down . This is the last of the chloroform . Wouldn 't want to see them kick the ship apart , would you ? No , sir . This is the last of the chloroform . I 'll never forget what you did for Dave and me , Tony . Well , I told you the doctor would fix everything . I 'll never forget what you did for Dave and me , Tony . [ Dog barking ] Well , come here , whatsis . Come on , now . Oh ... [ Dog barking ] Well , where are you from , boy ? [ Dog barking ] He 's mine ! Where 'd you get him , Mike ? [ Dog barking ] Downtown . You mean , down at the airfield ? [ Dog barking ] Uh-huh . He was walking around . [ Dog barking ] I hate to remind you , but you said the doctor could fix everything . [ Dog barking ] Oh , that 's right . I did , didn 't I ? [ Dog barking ] Well , let 's weigh him . [ Dog barking ] Incidentally , he 's a she . [ Joyce ] Nine pounds , two ounces . Incidentally , he 's a she . [ Whimpers ] Sure . Whatsis is gonna pinch-hit for a couple of plump chickens . [ Whimpers ] Oh , isn 't that wonderful ? [ Whimpers ] [ P.A. System ] This is urgent ! Twenty-three hours left ... [ Whimpers ] And we 're still thirty-two minutes behind schedule ! [ Whimpers ] Those posted to make the attempt to reach zyra ... [ Whimpers ] Report without delay to Dr. Drake . [ Whimpers ] [ Muttering ] Well , what did you expect ? [ Whimpers ] My number ! It 's on ! It 's on the list ! Julie , I 'm on the list ! My number ! It 's on ! Julie ! My number ! It 's on ! Julie ! My number ! I 'm on the list ! Julie ! Julie ! My number ! I 'm on the list ! No , Julie , no . Now , remember , if we delay the takeoff tomorrow as long as possible , zyra 's position will form a perfect orbit with ours . Now , remember , if we delay the takeoff tomorrow as long as possible , I hope we can retain extra fuel to keep us flying over zyra ... Now , remember , if we delay the takeoff tomorrow as long as possible , while we look for landing room . Now , remember , if we delay the takeoff tomorrow as long as possible , zyra will be about here in relation to earth . Now , remember , if we delay the takeoff tomorrow as long as possible , if you can hold the ship to this curve , now , remember , if we delay the takeoff tomorrow as long as possible , we will be able to meet her orbit and run on a parallel . Now , remember , if we delay the takeoff tomorrow as long as possible , the fuel will last much longer with less cargo . Now , remember , if we delay the takeoff tomorrow as long as possible , why risk our necks by taking so many people ? Now , remember , if we delay the takeoff tomorrow as long as possible , you and that chair weigh 186 pounds . That 's worth a lot of fuel . Would you like to donate that weight ? You and that chair weigh 186 pounds . No more than you want to donate your life or your daughter 's . You and that chair weigh 186 pounds . I paid for finishing this ship . You and that chair weigh 186 pounds . Without me you would have been wiped out with the rest of the world . You and that chair weigh 186 pounds . Before you opened your pocketbook , you and that chair weigh 186 pounds . You tried to make this a personal enterprise ; you and that chair weigh 186 pounds . A private rocket ship for your own special use . You and that chair weigh 186 pounds . This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . They gave their money with no strings attached . This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . You 're not here under any special license . This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . You 're always shouting for facts , not theories . This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . Well , remember these facts : This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . Our chance of reaching the new world is as thin ... This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . As your chance of ever becoming a humanitarian . This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . If we do make it , will there be a place to land ? This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . Will the air be fit to breathe ? This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . Will there be water ? Vegetable life ? This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . Men and women here have been praying for God 's help and guidance ; this project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . Not your kind of hypocritical praying , this project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . But the kind that comes from deep inside a man . This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . I 'm sorry . I 'll come back later . This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . Eddie , come right in . We can 't put things off till later . This project was started by real humanitarians , by marston and spiro . I just wanted to leave this for someone else to use . He has a girl . Julie cummings . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . There 's that extra fuel . He must weigh close to 180 . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . You heard him volunteer to stay behind . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . Shut the door . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . You 're not taking it from him . He turned it back of his own free will . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . Get out , Ferris . The other side of the door for you ! I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . [ Ferris ] Shut up . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . This is one of the good ones , isn 't it ? I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . I 'm sorry . The people have all been selected . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . I 'm going , too . Put that gun down . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . I 'd almost rather kill you than go along . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . For seven years , ever since I started pushing your chair around , I 've hated insides . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . You 're a very easy man to hate . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . I 'd like to reason things out with you , Ferris . You see ... I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . No ! You three are running things here . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . You 're going to tell everybody I 'm going . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . This is my number . That 's all the reasoning I want to know . I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . And if I don 't go ... [ Gunfire ] I guess he doesn 't want to leave her . He was going to kill us . Better give it to me . I told you this would happen . He was going to kill us . And not just Ferris . There 'll be others , all of them ! He was going to kill us . They won 't just sit still and wait to die here . He was going to kill us . You may be right . Well , this one 's dead , and there 's a lot of bad feeling . He was going to kill us . One boy was stabbed right after the list was posted . He was going to kill us . There have been a couple of fistfights ... I told you . He was going to kill us . It 's dog-eat-dog , the law of the jungle . He was going to kill us . I guess we can 't risk his being right . He was going to kill us . What do we do now ? We can move the women on board , lock the ramp gates . He was going to kill us . The men can wait outside the ship until we take off . He was going to kill us . The guns are in my room , boxes of them . That 's out . He was going to kill us . We 'll move people and animals as quietly as possible . Oh , Dave ? He was going to kill us . There 's a girl ... Julie cummings . Tell her there 's been a mix-up . She and Eddie Garson are going . There 's a girl ... Julie cummings . We 'll gamble on less flying time over the new world . There 's a girl ... Julie cummings . Let me tell you ... don 't say it , Stanton ! Don 't say anything . [ Mooing ] [ Bleating ] [ Mooing ] [ Goose honking ] [ Wind howling ] [ Wind continues howling ] [ Thunder ] The last dawn . [ Wind howling ] I think we can start boarding . [ Wind howling ] All right , everyone , inside the ship ! [ Wind howling ] I 'll bring Mr. Stanton . And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? How do we know the drawing wasn 't fixed ? And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? It should have been by voting ! Let 's take the ship away from them ! And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? Hey , Mike ! Gangway , boys . And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? Here are the guns old man Stanton left . And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? That 's all we need ! Let 's go ! Grab a gun . And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? Wait , fellows , there 's no sense in this ! We agreed to the drawing ! And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? Listen to him ! You can take the ship . Sure . Then what ? And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? Only 40 of you can get away . Don 't you see ? And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? Then the rest of us will get rid of that 40 and the next 40 ... And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? Until we kill each other or we all get caught when the worlds collide . And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? Stick around till the collision puts you out of your misery . Come on ! And why should our lives be decided by a raffle ? [ Shouting ] Get me on board . [ Gunfire ] [ Gunfire , shouting ] Get me on board . [ Gunfire ] You were right , Mr. Stanton . You 're a better judge of people than I am . Get me on board . You were right , Mr. Stanton . You 're a better judge of people than I am . No , hendron . What are you doing ? You were right , Mr. Stanton . You 're a better judge of people than I am . Stop him ! You were right , Mr. Stanton . You 're a better judge of people than I am . Hendron , what are you doing ? You were right , Mr. Stanton . You 're a better judge of people than I am . No . Wait ! Help ! You were right , Mr. Stanton . You 're a better judge of people than I am . [ Bullet ricochets ] Dr. hendron ! Get on board ! Hurry ! Get on board ! [ Bullet ricochets ] Dr. hendron ! Hold the gangplank ! Dr. hendron ! [ Bullets ricochet ] [ Bullet ricochets ] Dr. hendron ! Hold the ramp ! Wait ! [ Bullet ricochets ] Dr. hendron ! We 're the extra fuel they might need , Stanton . The new world isn 't for us . It 's for the young . We 're the extra fuel they might need , Stanton . Dave ! The ship is moving ! Stand by ! [ Clicking ] [ Frye ] Well , we 're out of the pressure zone . [ Clicking ] The engines are off . We 're on course . You invented those cardiographs for my benefit . Your 's and Joyce 's . You invented those cardiographs for my benefit . [ Frye ] How 's it look ? A quarter full . Better than we expected . [ Frye ] How 's it look ? We 'll need every bit of it ... [ Frye ] How 's it look ? Or we 'll hit the new world head-on at ten Miles a second . [ Frye ] How 's it look ? We 're getting close . In a minute or two , we 'll feel the pull . Turn the ship . [ Gyros roaring ] Turn the ship . Start all engines . [ Engines roaring ] Start all engines . We 're slowing . Can I cut one engine ? Not yet . Keep them all going . We 're slowing . We 're using fuel too fast . We have no choice ! Keep all the engines going . We 're slowing . The ship has turned for landing , Dave . Take over . [ Electronic beeping ] The ship has turned for landing , Dave . Take over . [ Frye ] Thirty-five thousand . [ Beeping continues ] Thirty thousand . [ Frye ] Thirty-five thousand . Twenty-five . [ Beeping continues ] Twenty-five . Cut wing engines one and six . Twenty-five . [ Beeping continues ] Twenty-five . [ Frye ] Twenty-two thousand . Twenty-five . Twenty . I 'm going to level off . Twenty . Brace yourselves ! We 're leveling the ship ! Twenty . [ Beeping continues more rapidly ] Anywhere . Land anywhere . We 've got to . - Not yet . - Check your belts ! Anywhere . Land anywhere . We 've got to . Fuel 's gone . [ Beeping continues ] Fuel 's gone . There 's an opening ! There go the engines . There 's an opening ! I 'll bring it around and try to glide in . There 's an opening ! [ Beeping intensifies ] There 's an opening ! - It looks frozen . - I hope so . We 're going to find out . - It looks frozen . - I hope so . [ Beeping continues ] - It looks frozen . - I hope so . [ Wind hissing ] - It looks frozen . - I hope so . [ Screaming ] We made it ! We 're here ! We 're on zyra ! Let 's get out ! We made it ! We 're here ! [ Excited chattering ] We made it ! We 're here ! Congratulations ! A wonderful landing ! Nice going ! [ Whooshing ] Dave , wait ! Don 't open the outer door until we 've tested the atmosphere . [ Whooshing ] Dave , wait ! We 'll get a sample through the air lock . [ Whooshing ] Dave , wait ! Never mind . Good air or bad , it 's the only place we can go ! [ Whooshing ] Dave , wait ! [ Man ] We better wait here . [ Chattering ] [ Whooshing ] Dave , wait ! [ Inhales ] Best air I ever tasted . [ Inhales ] Break out the gangplank ! [ Inhales ] [ Excited chattering ] [ Inhales ] Mike ! Where is he ? Hey , Mike , don 't you want to see the sunrise ? [ Drake chuckling ] Our first citizens . Hey , Mike , don 't you want to see the sunrise ? And they 're all mine . [ Randall ] They sure are . Hey , Mike , don 't you want to see the sunrise ? Every one . [ Chuckles ] Hey , Mike , don 't you want to see the sunrise ? Let 's leave whatsis and the puppies here , huh ? Hey , Mike , don 't you want to see the sunrise ? Now , let 's go look at the first sunrise , huh ? Hey , Mike , don 't you want to see the sunrise ? [ Puppies whimpering ] Hey , Mike , don 't you want to see the sunrise ? [ Mooing ] Hey , Mike , don 't you want to see the sunrise ? [ Bleating ] Hey , Mike , don 't you want to see the sunrise ? ¶ ¶ [ Heavenly choir ]
