 'This is the atory 'of the Hitchhiker 's Guide To The Galaxy ... 'perhaps the most remarkable , 'certainly the most successful book 'ever to come out of the great publishers of Ursa Minor . 'More popular than The Celestial Home Care Omnibus , 'better selling than Fifty-three More Things To Do ln Zero Gravity , 'and more controversial than Oolon Colluphid 's trilogy 'of philosophical blockbusters , Where God Went Wrong , 'Some More Of God 's Greatest Mistakes 'and Who ls This God Person Anyway ? 'And in many of the more relaxed civilisations 'on the Outer Eastern Rim of the Galaxy , 'the Hitchhiker 's Guide has already supplanted 'the great Encyclopaedia Galactica 'as the standard repository of all knowledge and wisdom , 'for though it has many omissions and contains much that is apocryphal 'it scores over the older , more pedestrian work 'in two important respects . 'First , it is slightly cheaper and , secondly , it has the words : 'inscribed in large , friendly letters on the cover . 'To tellthe atory of the book 'it is best to tellthe atory of some of those whose lives it affected . 'A human from the planet Earth was one of them , 'though , as our atory opens , 'he no more knows his destiny 'than a te leaf knows the hiatory of the East India Company . 'His name is Arthur Dent he is a six-foot-tall ape descendant 'and someone is trying to drive a bypass through his home . ' ( RUMBLING ) ( BIRDS TWITTER ) Come off it , Mr Dent - you can 't win , you know . You can 't lie in front of the bulldozers indefinitely . I 'm game . We 'll see who rusts firstl You 're going to have to accept it . This bypass has got to be built . Why 's it got to be built ? What do you mean - why 's it got to be built ? It 's a bypassl You 've got to build bypasses . You were entitled to make suggestions or protests at the appropriate time . Appropriate time ? I The first I heard about it was when a workman arrived yesterday . I thought he 'd come to clean the windows . He said he 'd come to demolish the housel He didn 't tell me straightaway , of course . He wiped a couple of windows and charged me 5l Then he told mel But , Mr Dent the plans have been available in the planning oofice for the last nine monthsl Yes , of course . As soon as I heard , I went straight round to see them . You hadn 't exactly gone out of your way to draw attention to theml But the plans were on displayl On display ? I eventually had to go down to the cellarl - That 's the display departmentl - With a torchl - No lights . - No stairsl - But you did see the notice ? - Oh , yes . It was on display in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet , in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door , " Beware of the leopardl " Ever thought of going into advertising ? ( ENGINE STARTS ) And you don 't get me like that eitherl Mr Dent ... have you any idea how much damage this bulldozer would suffer if I were to let it run over you ? How much ? None at all ! 'By a strange coincidence , " None at all " 'is exactly how much suspicion the ape descendant Arthur Dent had 'that one of his closest friends was not descended from an ape , 'but was in fact from a small planet 'somewhere in the vicinity of Betelgeuse . 'Arthur Dent 's failure to suspects this 'reflects the care with which his friend blended into human socety , 'after a fairly shaky start , when he first arrived 15 years ago . 'The minimal research he had done suggested to him 'that the name Ford Prefect would be nicely inconspicuous . 'He will enter our atory in 30 seconds and say , ' " Hello , Arthur . " 'The ape descendant will great him in return 'but , in deference to a million years of human evolution , 'won 't attempt to pick fleas off him . 'Earthmen are not proud of their anceators 'and never invite them to dinner . ' Hello , Arthur . Ford , hi . How are you ? Fine . Look ' are you busy ? Busy ? I Well ' I 've just got this bulldozer to lie in front of , or it 'll knock my house down , but otherwise ... no , not especially . Why ? - Good . Anywhere we can talk ? - What ? - We 've got to talk . - Finel Talk . And drink . It 's vitally important that we talk and drink . Nowl - We 'll go to the pub . - You don 't understand . He wants to knock my house down . - He can do it whilst you 're away . - I don 't want him tol Ford ? What 's the matter ? Nothing ... nothing 's the matter . I 've got to tellyou the most important thing you 've ever heard . - I 've got to tellyou NOW in the pub . - Why ? - Because you 'll need a stiff drinkl - Nol Nol What about my house ? - He wants to knock your house down ? - Yes . - But you 're lying in the way ? - Exactlyl I think we can come to some arrangement . - Excuse mel - Hello ? Yes ? Has Mr Dent come to his senses yet ? Can we , for the moment assume he hasn 't ? Well ? Can we also assume that he 's going to be staying there all day ? So ? So allyour men are going to be standing around , doing nothing . Could be , could be ... If you 're resigned to that , you don 't actually need him to lie there ? Not as such . Not exactly " need " ... So protend he 's there . Then we could go to the pub . How does that sound ? Er ... that sounds perfectly reasonable ... I suppose . And if you want to pop off for a quick one yourself later on , we 'll always cover for you in return . Yes , thank you very much . That 's very kind . So if you 'd just like to lie down ... What ? It 's very simple . Mr Dent will atop lying in the mud - on condition that you take over . - What ? Sorry ? You want me ... to come and lie down there ? - Yes . - In front of the bulldozer ? - Yes . - Instead of Mr Dent ? - Yes . - In the mud ? In , as you say , the mud . In return for which , you will take Mr Dent down to the pub ? Yes . Promise ? Promise . - Get up and let the man lie down . - Thank you . And no sneaky knocking Mr Dent 's house down while he 's away . The slightest thought hadn 't even begun to speculate about the merest possibility of crossing my mind . - But can we trust him ? - To the end of the Earth . - Yes , but how far 's that ? - About 12 minutes away . Come on . We 've got to get some alcohol . 'Here 's what the Encyclopaedia Galactica has to say about alcohol . 'lt says that alcohol is a colourless volatile liquid 'formed by the fermentation of sugars , 'and also notes its intoxicating effect 'on certain carbon-based lifeforms . 'The Hitchhiker 's Guide To The Galaxy also mentions alcohol . 'lt says the : ' .. the effect of which 'is like having your brain smashed out with a slice of lemon ... 'wrapped round a large gold brick . 'The Guide also tells you 'on which planets the best Pan Galactio Gargle Blasters are mixed , 'how much you can expect to pay for one 'and what voluntary organisations exist to help you rehabilitate . 'The man who invented this mind-pummelling drink 'also invented the wisest remark ever made , which was this : 'His name is : 'and we shall learn more of his wisdom later . ' Six pints of bitter . And quickly , please . The world 's about to end . Oh , yes , sir ? Nice weaher for it . - Going to the match today , sir ? - No . No point . Foregone conclusion , then ? - Arsenal no chance ? - No , the world 's about to end . Oh , yes , sir . So you said . Lucky escape for Arsenal if it did . - No , not really . - There you are , sir . Six pints . Keep the change . What ? From a fiver ? Thank you , sirl You 've got ten minutes to spend itl What the hell 's going on ? I 'm losing my grip on the day . - Drink up . Three pints to gol - Three pints ? At lunchtime ? Time is an illusion , lunchtime doubly so . Send that in to the Reader 's Digest . There 's a page for people like youl - Drink up . - Why three pints ? Muscle relaxant . You 're going to need it . Did I do something wrong this morning or has the world always been like this , and I was too wrapped up in myself to notice ? I 'lltry to explain . - How long have we known each other ? - Er , five years , maybe six . Most of it made some kind of sense at the time . How would you react if I told you I 'm not from Guildford after all but from a small planet somewhere in the vicinity of Betelgeuse ? Why - do you think it 's the sort of thing you 're likely to say ? Drink up . The world is about to end . This must be Thursday . I never could get the hang of Thursdays . 'On this particular Thursday , 'things were moving through the ionosphere . 'Many miles above the surface of the planet , 'several huge yellow slab-like somethings ... 'huge as oofice blocks , silent as birds , 'thay hung in the air exactly the same way that bricks don 't . 'The planet was almost totally oblivious of their presence . 'Thay went unnoticed at Goonhilly , 'thay passed over Cape Canaveral without a blip , 'and Woomera and Jodrell Bank looked straight through them ; 'a pity , because it was the sort of thing thay 'd looked for for ages . 'Arthur Dent too , had other things on his mind . ' ( RUMBLING ) What 's that ? - Thay haven 't started yet . - Good . - Probably your house . - What ? - Five minutes to go . - Damn you and your fairy atoriesl Stop , you vandalsl You home wreckersl - You half-crazed Visigoths , atopl - Arthurl Stopl It 's pointlessl Barman , quickly , can you just give me four packets of peanuts ? I 'm just serving this gentleman . He 's going to die shortlyl Come onl Just a minute , sir . Do you mind , sir ? Pork scratchings ... - Peanutsl How much ? - What ? Have it . Have it . Keep itl Is the world really going to end this afternoon ? Yes , in just over 3 minutes and 5 secnds . - But isn 't there anything we can do ? - No , nothing . I thought we were meant to lie down or put a paper bag over our head . Yes , if you like . - Oh , willthat help ? - No . Excuse me . I 've got to go . Oh , well ' then ... Last orders , pleasel You pin-striped barbariansl I 'll sue the councilfor every penny it 's gotl I 'll have you hung , drawn , quartered , and whipped and boiled ... until ... untilyou 've had enoughl Arthur , don 't ... There 's no point . There 's only a minute or so left . And then I 'll do it some morel I 'lltake allthe little bits and jump on them till I get blisters , or I think of something worse ... ( DRONING ) What the hell 's that ? Arthur , quickl Over herel What the hell is it ? It 's a fleet of flying saucers - what do you think it is ? Hold this . - What do you mean , flying saucers ? - A Vofon constructor fleet . - What ? - A Vofon constructor fleet . I picked up nows of their arrival a few hours ago on my sub-etha radio . I can 't cope with this . I 'm going to have to have a lie-down . No , stay here . Stay calm . Take hold of this ... ( HOOTER ) People ofEarth , aattention , please ! Poeple of Earth , attention , pleasel This is Prostetnio Vofon Jeltz of the Galactio Hyperspace Planning Council . As you are probably aware , the plans for the outlying regions of the Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy require a hyperspace express route to be built through your star system , and , regrettably , your planet is one of those scheduled for demolition . Theprocess wiIIll take slightly less than two ofyour Earth minutes Thankyou verymuch . ( ANGRY , CONFUSED SHOUTING ) - Get out of itl - Nol Nol Nol Go awayl Allthe planning charts and demolition orders have been on display in your local planning department in Alpha Centauri for 50 Earth years , andsoyou 've hadplenty oftime to lodge any complaints .. ( ANGRY SHOUTING ) What do you mean you 've never been to Alpha Centauri ? Oh , for heaven 's sake , mankindl It 's only four light years awayl Sorry , but if you can 't be bothered to take an interest in local affairs , that 's your own lookoutl Energise the demolition beaml planet I 've no sympathyatall ! - I bought some peanuts . - Uh ... ? We 've just been through a matter-transference beam . You 've lost some salt and protein . The beer should have helped . - How do you feel ? - Like a military academy . Bits of me keep passing outl Ford , if I asked you where the hellwe were , would I regret it ? We 're safe . Ah , good . We 're in a cabin of one of the ships of the Vofon constructor fleet . Ah , this is obviously some strange usage of the word " safe " I wasn 't previously aware of . What are you doing ? Looking for the light . - How did we get here ? - We hitched a lift . Excuse mel Are you telling me we just stuck our thumbs out and some green bug-eyed monster said , " Hop inl I can take you as far as Basingatoke roundabout " ? Well ' the thumb 's a sub-etha device , and the roundabout 's at Barnard 's Star , but that 's more or less right . - And the bug-eyed monster ? - Is greenl Fine . - When can I go home ? - You can 't . Ahl Good griefl ls this really the interior of a flying saucer ? Yes . What do you think ? It 's a bit squalid , isn 't it ? ( GROANING ) - What the hell is it , Ford ? - Come onl Let 's get out of herel It 's going to attack us . No , no , no , it just wants us to turn the lights out . Come on . Shhl Sleaping quarters . We woke them up . ( CLANGl ) Ford , thay were ... What ? Aliens ? Dentrassi . But , Ford ... What 's going on ? - Here , have a look at this . - What is it ? The Hitchhiker 's Guide To The Galaxy , an electronio book . - It 'lltellyou everything . - I like the cover . " Don 't panic " I - First helpfulthing anyone 's saidl - That 's why it sells so well . Shhl What ? " Don 't panic " I Look ... Fast wind index ... V. Vofon Constructor Fleets . Enter that code and see what it says . I 'll keep watch . ( BEEPING ) 'Vofon Constructor Fleets : ( BURP ) What an extraordinary bookl - How did we get on board , then ? - The Dentrassi let us on board . - You said Bogons . - Vofons . - Not Dentrassi ? - No . Dentrassi are the in-flight caterers . Hay , Hagra biscuitl The greatestl You 'll love these guysl Thay cook the hoopiest frood food in the West Galaxyl Here , have a bite . Go on , try it . Your mouth will love you for the rest of your life . It 's revoltingl Oh , come onl This stuff is the greatest . Mmml I think those guys must really hate the Vofons . Now , remember this - Dentrassi hate Vofons . That 's why thay let us on board . Let 's gol But if thay let us on board , why doesn 't the Guide mention them ? Oh , it 's not very accurate . Oh ? I 'm researching the new edition . Ah , atoreroom . Where are we going ? Who knows ? Off this ship , that 's for surel We 've only just arrived . Shouldn 't we say hello and thank you and things ? Listen , this is a Vofon spaceship . We just pick up what we need and get off itl Right ? Right . - Stun guns . - Any good ? No . Ford , who are you ? I told you - I 'm a field researcher for the Guide . Telecom systems . ( WHOOP ) I got stuck on Earth longer than I meant . Went for a week got stuck for 15 years . Telepsychio helmets . Huh-huhl How did you get here in the first place ? Easy . I got a lift with a teser ... Hypno rays ? Teasers ? Rich kids with nothing to do . Thay cruise around the Galaxy looking for planets that no one 's made contact with yet and buzz them . - Buzz them ? - Yeah . Thay find some isolated spot Iand right by some unsuspectsing soul that no one 's ever going to believe , and strut up and down in front of them , making beep-beep noises . Rather childish , really . Ahl A towel ! Keep this . - Guard it with your life . - Huh ? Listen , it 's a tough universe . All sorts of people trying to killyou , rip you off , everything ... If you 're going to survive out there , you 've really got to know where your towel is . Now , fish . Huh ? Fish . Over here , I think . Fish ? ( ELECTRONIC WHIRRING ) Fish . - Very nice . - Very , very useful . ( BLEEPING ) - What do I do with it ? - Stick it in your ear . It 's only littlel ( GURGLING ) Listen ... - What ? - The Vofon captain . - But I can 't speak Vofon . - Put this in your earl .. shouldhave agoodtime . Message repeat , This isyour captain speaking , sopayaattention . First of all I see from our instruments that we have a couple of hitchhiker 's on board . Hello , wherever you arel IJust want to make it totally clear thatyou are notatall welcome . I worked hard to get where I am today and I didn 't become captain of a Vofon ship simply to turn it into a taxi service for a lot of degenerate freeloaders . I have sent out a search party and , as soon as thay find you , I shallturn you off the ship . If you 're very lucky , I might read you some of my poetry first . secondly , we are about to jump into hyperspace for the journay to Barnard 's Star . We will stay in dock for 72 hours and all planet leave is cancelled . I 've just had an unhappy love affair , so I don 't see why anybody else should have a good time . - Message ends - Poetry ? What are you doing ? Preparing for hyperspace . It 's unpleasantly like being drunk . - What 's so wrong about being drunk ? - Ask a glass of water . Lie down . - Grip the towel between your ankles . - What ? Just do itl Like this ? Right . Now wait ... What exactly am I doing with this fish in my ear ? It 's translating for you . Look in the book under Babel Fish . ( WHOOSHING ) What 's happening ? We 're going into hyperspace . I 'll never be cruel to a gin and tonio againi Hay , this towel 's movedl Yes . That 's a six-light-yearjump . Good . We must be near Barnard 's Star . - We can jump a ship there . - Can we ? Ford , I hate to ask this , but what am I doing here ? Simple . I rescued you from the Earth . - What happened to the Earth ? - It 's been disintegrated . - Has it ? - Yes . Just boiled away into space . Listen , I 'm a bit upset about that ... Oh , well ... All gone ? Nothing left ? What about the book ? Maybe the book 's got somethingl ( WHIRRING ) It doesn 't seem to have an entry . Yes , it does - at the bottom . Under Eccentrica Gullumbits , the triple-breasted whore of Eroticon 6 . Oh , yes . What does it say ? - " Harmless " . One word ? Harmless ? - Well ' it 's the old edition . There are 100 billion stars in the Galaxy . - No one knew much about Earth thenl - I hope you managed to rectify thatl - I sent a new entry to the editor . - What does it say now ? - " Mostly harmless . " - Mostly harmless ? I think that 's pretty good coverage for a disintegrated pile of rubblel That 's meant to make me feel better ? Come onl Let 's get to the teleport . ( ROARING ) What 's the hell 's that ? If we 're lucky , it 's a Vofon come to throw us out into space . And if we 're unlucky ? The Vofon captain might want to read us some of his poetry first .
