 [ Translated by Dervis Can Vural and Sonat Suer ] The space age starts with the expansion of mankind to space and travel to the moon . Space age was an age of progression for the Earthlings . They lived as such for thousands of years . After space age , time and life reached the galaxy age . Hundreds of thousads of years passed and the Earth and planet systems turned into a galaxy system in space . Civilizations , histories were left behind and people were content living a simple life as in the primitive times . With all their strength they started an intense struggle to discover the secret of eternal life ; immortality . In this age , the world nations , civilazions , races , religions ceased to be in seperate countries but merged into a single entity . Tribes , all having a single lifestyle , made it into " the Earth-people " of the galaxy age . As the consequence of an insane process of nuclear weaponizing , the Earth faced the danger of destruction . Earth survived a couple of such dangers , but no force could manage to destroy the Earth . However , at some times the earh crumbled into small pieces and the pieces that broke off formed meteor stones in space . Eventhough life was going on - and sustaining - for some planets the nuclear war was speeding up . To rule and to be more powerfull , the beautiful and happy Earth was made to fall apart madly just when it suddenly faced a very strong and secret enemy . The Earth , which became matter out of beams and energy five billion years ago turned into dust and gas clouds in the galaxy age , and broke apart due to the effect of laser beams . Who was this enemy ? Which galaxy was he in ? All the Earthlings used a single weapon against this danger . They resisted , using a layer combined with human brain power and will . A layer formed by compressing human brain molecules was protecting the Earth . After each attack , the Earth was becoming a dust cloud , but hiding behind this protective shield . The only power to penetrate through this shield was one that operated via human brain and will . But in reality , the enemies of Earth , no matter how strong their weapons were did not have brains . The value of the Earth and human was the gratest eternal weapon . Earthlings started to search for this unknown enemy . But unfortunately , no warior that was sent returned back . Earthlings gathered , tribes came together to find a solution . The only solution was to find the enemy and to fight . The two stongest and greatest Turk wariors , with some other Earthlings , went out into the space to declare war on the unknown enemy . Some of the Earthlings did not join this battle but the anyone that could combine their imagination with reality and logic felt the desire to join and win . We cought the Earth in its weakest moment and now it 's very easy for us to conquer it ! But I don 't get how they can still be resisting . This must be due to the strength of the human brain If I posses the brain of a single human , I can conquer the Earth . It 's time to attack Earth ! Combat ships , wait for my order of attack ! Reporting to head quarters : I 'm ascending . I 'm ascending too , Murat . Be carefull , they 're coming close . I 'm descending . Coming from your back ! Thanks dude . Be carefull , the 're coming . Good shot , well done . We must penetrate through the layer that protects the world . Destroy the Earth ! As if the earthlings are using magic . This isn 't ending , they are coming crowded . Let 's go towards them . This fits our style well . We must exceed the space speed ! Be prepared to greet these newcomers . These are so ugly . I wish we had a couple of them come in mini-skirts . They seem to have learned to use their brains like energy . If I can capture a single brain , I can capture the whole world . An unknown force is pulling us towards itself . We are too far from Earth . The gauges are not working . I cannot imagine what this force is . We are in a very dangerous situation , you have to be carefull . Earth ; not reaching you is not loosing you . We are getting further away from the Earth . We 're still under the effect of the unknown force ! Tornado-2 come in ! Tornado-2 ! Tornado-2 come in ! Tornado-2 come in ! You got away again , Earth . But nothing will be able to save you again . Then I 'll be the strongest in space . Where are we ? I don 't know ... We definitely need to learn where we are . Otherwise we 'll die from hunger and thirst here . Oh ! I 'm so tired , let 's have a rest . No , that 's what they want us to do . As soon as we touch the ground they 'll finish us . What would you think if I said I 'm scared ? - Be scared , but don 't make it apparent - Why ? Maybe we fell on a planet with all women . They might be checking us to see which of us is braver . Then maybe I should lead . Hmm , but don 't forget to walk cool . Here they saw the documents of all civilisations , ages , societies . Apparently they too must have faced the same unstopable , unknown power and enemy millions of years ago . But what happened at the end ? It was a great fight . There was this exposion and I don 't remember the rest . How did we fall here ? Our ship , our weapons ... We don 't have anything . We didn 't fall ; they made us fall . I told you that there 's an unknown power that drags us to itself . Yes , we are here now ; but our end is uncertain . The signs that they pictured as signs of evil and death resembled the nuclear weapons of our time very much . So they must have experienced a most developed atomic age too . Maybe they were destroyed with a nuclear war . Now , was the world going to be madly destroyed again ? - Can it be really true , what you said ? - What ? A planet in which only women live , eh ? Why not ? Wouldn 't it be cool if we had music and champaigne too ? Then start your whistle which no women can resist ! - You played the wrong tune - Why ? We got skeletons instead of women . What are these , who are these ? They look so wierd . Probably it 's not your lovers from Earth . It seems like we 're caught . Aren 't you smart ... I wish I was as bright ! All fighters ; if you win , you will live . This is a game of death . The loosers ; as you die , our master will be pleased . Your fight gives happiness and youth to our master . Be prepared for the fight . Looks like we 're in some sort of circus . It 's like a nightmare ; I want to wake up . I 'm afraid they are having us go to a place where we 'll sleep forever , without even a lullaby . The weak ones are dying . The galaxy age will be an age of my immortality . I want my kid , leave him alone ! Kill me instead ! Let my kid go ! What are we waiting for ? We can do whatever you want . Fight against injustice ! Catch them . Catch the earthlings . Catch . - Alpha , beta ... [ gibberish ] - Human blood ! - ... red liquid that flows through the veins and [ gibberish ] - Humans that I have been waiting for ! - Humans ! Humans ! - [ more gibberish about brain and blood ] Humans ! Catch them , don 't let them escape . Don 't let them escape . This way , this way sir ! Quick , come in . They 'll come back . The need to see me will bring them to back to me . - They 're affraid of something . - But they 're treating us well . They couldn 't let your charm be wasted . Can 't you be serious at all ? Do you know why the nuclear war that almost destroyed our world started ? No , why ? People were too serious . Too much of it can be bothering . If they had the slightest idea about laughing , they would choose peace over war . Then I will laugh a bit so that this hell turns into heaven . Nothing changed . It will change . Now they 're being cautious ; But when they have trust , they will contact us . They 're inside sir . If this is not a trick from the magician , these two can be our saviours . Now let 's go . Who are you ? An old man . An old scientist with faith . Add what you saw , to what you shall see . This is the secret of space . You carry weapons , I carry knowledge . We are similar to each other . Because : We 're human . Did you find what you have been looking for ? Do you know what we are looking for ? Yes . You used to be machine-like people of a very developed technology . Because in this planet you found the history , and the happy civilization of your ancestors . Yes , we did encounter those ruins . But the civilization of theirs looks far advanced than ours . And THEY , did not use their civilization and technology to destroy each other but for the happiness of all humans . They had beliefs and hopes and they were all brothers . BECAUSE THEY ALL CAME FROM THE SAME TRIBE ! THE 13th TRIBE ! The 13th tribe ? The tribe of our ancestors . Then ... which part of the Earth is this ? This place is an eternal land of darkness and secrets . Thousands of years ago , the Earth fall apart into pieces with the first nuclear war . Everything became rocks and stones and diffused out into the vacuum . This place is such a piece from Earth . And it 's owner , the magician , is about to conquer Earth . And after you came here , he wouldn 't let us alone . All these people are in great danger . Our enemy is here ? Then we are staying . The battle of goodness and evil has started . I didn 't forget you Earth . Now my luck is more than yours . I have waited for one thousand space years . You can 't find me ; but I can find you at any time . In a very short time you 'll be mine Earth ! NOW , you 're standing in front of me ! And you 'll be destroyed . You 'll be destroyed ! YOU 'LL BE DESTROYED ! Waiting is terrible I wish something happened Rather , we should know what will happen . How are we going to know that ? We 'll understand . Come with me . Don 't forget , you are a human ; a human should always use his power to destroy evil . Oh , I 'm so hungry . Dinner is ready ; my sister prepared it . - What kind of food ? - Fried bugs and boiled snakes . - Ugh ! I can 't eat that . Oh come on , if you don 't eat you wont look as handsome . You helped the earthlings , you will suffer ! You 'll be immortal ! We 'll meet again . I liked you a lot . I 'll be back . - She fell in love with you - No ... She only sensed the beauty of " feeling " she realized that she 's human . Let me , let me go ! Leave me alone ! Don 't ever attempt to approach me ; you can 't reach me . I 'm unique . If necessary , I 'll be uncountably many . I 'm here ; I 'm everywhere ... Or nonexistent . I 'm immortal . I symbolize the anger , animosity , hatred , the desire to take revenge in mankind . My power is infinite . I posses all possible powers that has been acumulated since the first living organism . You earthlings ... Did not die . You are alive . Your spaceships were destroyed during flight . Demolished ! But you are here on this planet , alive . I brought you to this planet . Because I will use you . I will defeat the world with you . No one , for thousands of years , could escape from my infinite power . Whatever I desire , I always have it ; immediately ! The Earth will also be mine . Just like these being mine . You are humans . You cannot resist your feelings and conscience . You heart feels sorrow for this beautiful girl and this poor child and this is my weapon against you . I will abuse your mercy , love , compassion , humanity ! They are my guests now . You too are invited to my palace , earthlings . I wish that our encounter that started with fighting ends with friendship . Ah , it will be rude not to accept such a polite invitation . Let 's go ... I loved this place ! They are so hospitable . They even gave us dandy clothes ! Let 's wait for the end of this . We wanted to come here and we did . But let 's see if we 'll be able to see what we 're looking for . With the secret of the brain power of those two earthlings , I can crush the resistance . We must break through their wills . Queen ! you are the one that will achieve this . Our master wants to see the earthling . Our master wants to see the earthling . Our master wants to see the earthling . - Earthling , our master wants to see you . - Hmm ? Me ? Yes , you . Damn ! My luck always matches me with canned-guys . It seems like you 're the one that 's going to get the girls Stop talking , just walk . Watch yourself shorty , you 're hurting me . Stop talking , just walk . Stop talking , just walk . I 'm the queen of this planet . I wanted to be with you in private . Good idea . I 'm finally looking at a beautifull woman . Some say that the women on Earth are better . Your mind seems to be occupied with the Earth , just like the magician . Why do you want the Earth so much ? We must understand the secret of human brain and will . You and I could be the most powerfull couple . Where does the power and resistance of the human brain come from ? Are you trying to lure me into talking ? I just want to get to know you better . Only the women in Earth can get to know me better . Forget about the Earth now . Welcome to the land of darkness , secrecy and eternity . You saw my undefeatable power . Join me and let 's rule the Earth and all the stars . No I won 't join you . We 'll defeat you . My powers are undefeatable , beyond imagination . You WILL be defeated . Because you are affraid . This is where the civilizaion and faith of our ancestor lie . When our power combines with these you , with your darkness and secrecy will be on your own in an infinite void . You are evilness , trouble . Evil has always been defeated to goodness . How are you going to defeat me ? I know about the " undefeatable strength " of your secrets . We 'll fight ... You only saw the true ones . All the civilization and power of your ancestry is here ! My strenght cannot be seen . If I just have your brains too , The Earth and cosmos will be all mine . So , this is my secret . Time will show . There is no time here . We are beyond time ... We have immortality . I 'm one thousand years old . But my immortality is not spiritual . It 's that of the flesh . They too will be immortal ; Bring them ! Now away ! Take them away ! I said take them away ! Let me ! Let her ! Let her ! There 's nothing you can do ! You made too much noise . Her husbands came . I 'm amazed , how did you leave the women to come here ? Beam them up ! Beam them up ! Beam them up ! They 're mine . Now it 's my turn . They could resist ? Soil gives peace to the dead . The greatest torture for the living is to burry them alive . No one can resist this torture . Disengage from your body ; live only with your mind and soul . Only then , can you breathe underground . They won 't be able to stand this torture . No matter how strong they are , their life will end underground They won 't be able to stand this torture They standed the torture . Take them to the arena and humiliate them . When they loose self-confidence their brains will become exactly like I want . No one in space can stand against me ! This is a fight of intelligence . I couldn 't break the will of the earthling . You were defeated to him , queen ! They are powerfull beyond immortality . They 're stronger than you . Only their brains ! You couldn 't bring the brain of the earthling , queen ! Forgive me . You 'll be vanished . You 'll be vanished ! BE VANISHED ! Hurray ! Hurray ! Hurray I 'll take his brain and multiply my power . Ali 's capture might save me time . This is the last opportunity to defeat the magician . This place is Saint Baktash Vali 's mosaleum , my son . A tomb that broke off from Earth one thousand space years ago . Islam , the greatest tribe and a entrenched community that lived on Earth that is your religion is the symbol of civilization . Islam started with the last prophet , Mohammed and was a guide for truth and humanity for centuries . Any muslim is a messenger of islamhood and a guardian for the religions . As evil people deviate from their religions and from god wars took place , and the Earth became the target of all wickedness . Read for centuries and adopted by muslims , is our holy book Koran which explains the world , the universe and all the stages of the world starting from its beginning to the dooms day . It gives all the details about living and nonliving things as well as the evolutionary stages of all civilizations . This book says : " Man should believe in his death just as he believes his birth . " Death , and immortality ... The Earth was destroyed and around a bronze mountain came the 13th tribe . These high mountains protected them from the effects of radiation . They melted the mountain and condensed it 's power into a sword . This made them in ease . Scientists gathered and combined all the goodness , knowledge and mental power of all that has lived into a single brain . Both the sword and brain was held on this planet which used to be a part of Earth and we are the only remnants of the 13th tribe , with the magician and the immortals . My daughter cannot speak since I hid the brain and the sword . She shall take you to the sword . You should overcome all the obstacles and reach the brain and the sword . The faithfull masses were being slughtered by heretics , so they escaped . They built their cities seven levels under the ground and fought the heretics . Jesus was their guide . The cities they founded thousands of meters under the ground was the product of a most advanced technology . They lived and reproduced . Many immigrated in and out of their country . Met them and understood that god is one . Even though Christianity was a monotheistic religion , the search for immortality inherited from maya 's and aztech 's , was still there . The supreme authority and superpower at the time was the magician . He finally found the secret of immortality . For him , immortality was the most important power . With his terrifying intelligence and force , the magician drained the lives of people . Torturing and oppressing them he multiplied his bodily immortality . The magician and the ones with him were immortal . They would get old and ugly , but would not die . This is the truth . The magician wants to take revenge from Earth . This is the only thing he wants . You did it ! You 're talking for the first time ? I was destined not to speak untill the brain and the sword was held by a mortal . Because I was the only one to know the secret of them . Ali ! My dearest friend ! I 'm glad that you survived . A trick of the magician , he must have been trying to get your friends brain The magician is more interested in me . I wouldn 't want to keep him waiting . Earthling , with your brain-power I 'll be the strongest . We can 't achieve the brain transplant of the earthling . His brain is not free . His thoughts , will and brain power are programmed to the other earthling . This man is connected to his friend with all his loyalty . We can 't take his brain power . This can 't be ! We can 't take the brain , The brain is not free His thoughts , will , and brain power are programmed to the other earthling . That earthling tricked me ! Decieved me ! He intentionally left his friend to us . This is an alarm , this is an alarm ! Earthlings escaped , catch them ! Earthlings escaped ... Give that sword to me . I 'll smash all of them . They 're all puppets . We should reach that devil , so called the magician . That 's your idea . I shall use MY power ! I 'm affraid your power will get you into trouble just like your charm . Don 't claim to be smart . If you were smart enough you would like women and champaigne . Why , I can 't say I 'm an angel . You 're always loosing time . The survival of the Earth is in our hands . If we make a mistake this will cost her destruction . Do you think you 'll be " the man who saved the world " ? No more than you think yourself to be flirty . Imagine that all the women were destroyed together with the world . What would you do without them ? The women here are more than enough . Only an idiot would choose a woman whose husband is a monster . I know what to choose ! Give me that ! It 's good that you came to me . Teach me the secret to combine these two powers . I 'll get rid of the magician . You do it son . The secret of these ... is ... The magician touched the brain and the sword . At last he got what he wanted . Now he has the power to destroy the world . Save ... the world . Save ... the world . Save ... the world ! O mortal humans ; I touched the sword and the brain . I took the power of the old wise man who died . Now , you can 't resist me . Here I will imprison you , forever . For me , time does not exist . But you will not be able to survive . Your will shall vanish you will be extinguished . I know that you are blaming me . I gave the power to the magician . And the old man died because of myself . I 'll take his revenge ! Stop ! Ali ! Ali ! I suppose I 'm a fool . If you were , you wouldn 't have so many women running after you . You 're so kind . I love you so much . I wish my girlfriend back on Earth also loved me . Women ... They don 't tell about their love . Tell them , that I love them all . You 'll tell yourself when we return back . I think , I ... won 't make it . Don 't pretend to me that you are dying . You know that I wouldn 't fall into that . I know , you can 't be tricked easily . For a favor , I won 't die . Tears are the only actual happiness of mortal human his love , his hope , his loyalty , his faith ... Because evil does not know how to cry . And cannot know what can come after tears ! Take them away , take them away . The moment that I have been waiting for . All our computers are waiting for your orders , sir . I 'm the strongest . We 're starting the countdown . 10 9 8 ... The Earth will be destroyed . 7 6 5 ... Destroy the world ! To all earthlings , to all earthlings ; the danger is coming close ! Demolish ! Devastate ! Destroy the Earth ! Kill the people ! No ! Help ! I 'm strong , I 'm undefeatable ! To save the world the earthling should destroy me . The Earth will be destroyed . The Earth will be mine . Attack Earth ! I want people to suffer , just as I suffered for thousands of years . The earthling won 't be able to defeat me . No matter how strong he might be , I 'll take his life . Hurray ! Hurray ! ... Good bye earthling ! Good bye ! I love you very much . Are you leaving ? Yes , I am returning to my world in which there will be no evil any more . Good bye earthling ! There can be no human without Earth and no Earth without human . Because human is the greatest value in the universe . Protect your future because future is possible with peace . And there is no doubt that mankind is the one that will maintain peace . THE END
