 My name is Molly Caffrey , and I work for the Federal government . I deal in worst-case scenarios- - the unthinkable . On September 16 , 2005 , the unthinkable happened : an extraterrestrial object appeared off the bow of a Naval freighter . The entire crew was exposed to a high-frequency signal . Some died instantly , others began to change . They are now stronger , more resilient . They dream of alien landscapes , and they driven by the impulse to infect others . Several of the crewmen are now loose in the United States . They will strike anytime , anyplace , anyone . Their goal : to turn us into them . But I have a plan to stop them . That plan is called Threshold . Drop your weapons ! Baltimore Police Department ! Typical bangers- - can 't aim . I 'll take left , you go right . I 'll take the guy on the right , you take the other one . Drop your weapon ! Stop ! Drop your weapon ! Good job , Rossi . I got this one . Don 't move ! Blake , what 's going on over there ? ! Blake ? Oh , my God ... Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! What the hell did he do to you ? BAYLOCK : Dozens of military agents , state-of-the-art surveillance and access to every law enforcement database in the country . How in hell did the Baltimore PD cross paths with one of our fugitive infectees before we did ? Because Daniel Soon Park disappeared into the criminal underworld . Story of his life . Vandalism , robbery , assault- - all before he turned 17 . After his third arrest , his parents disowned him . Like a lot of kids with no direction , he joined the service . He excelled in electronics and tested at a 140 IQ . Became the Big Horn 's communications chief . They were all infected , but some of them survived the explosion on the ship . So he 's out there with the resources of a dangerous gang and the strength of an alien infectee . CAVENNAUGH : Park killed a cop . Every badge in Maryland 's going to be looking for him . We 'd better find him before they do ... for their sake . You got our Homeland Security I.D.s in record time . CAVENNAUGH : We 're gonna need ' em . Make sure you tag all the shell casings and list them in the report . Detective . Victoria Rossi . Molly Caffrey . Cavennaugh . Homeland Security . I 'm sorry about your partner . I was about to call you . There 's something in here you 'll want to see . ROSSI : In the cargo pod . This pod arrive last night ? Yesterday morning . CAVENNAUGH : This manifest says this pod was loaded with electronics in Jakarta . Shipped out of Hong Kong . Cargo out of Hong Kong is considered low risk . It wasn 't scanned . Well , then how 'd you come across it ? Different way in . I work waterfront robbery . Gangs been hitting microchip deliveries coming in from Asia . Microchips ? ROSSI : Less hassle than dealing drugs , more lucrative . A chip the size of a dime can sell for a thousand dollars on the street . The bangers used to hijack trucks on their way upstate . When we got wise to that , they started working the dock . You think Park 's gang smuggled the people in , too ? This is their turf . They know what 's in every container coming in . Gangs are like any business- - always looking for ways to branch out . Gotten any hits on the BOLO ? Not yet . Call us immediately if you do . Park represents ... I know what he represents . We 'll need to turn over Park 's accomplice to us immediately . I have six uniforms at my disposal , two undercover . We can canvass the Inner Harbor district . If the illegals haven 't left the city , they 're probably holed up there ... Thank you , Dectective . We 'll take it from here . Your call . Get Lucas and search every container on this dock . We need to find out what those chips do and why Park wants them . Maybe he was just interested in the money . Then we 'd be standing in a torn-up bank vault right now . All right . Take it easy . Take it easy . Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Listen to me . I don 't know what the hell you 're saying , but if you don 't calm down right now we 'll just take a sample of your blood off the floor . Sorry . Would you prefer the hip ? BAYLOCK : That 's much better . FENWAY : Platelets unremarkable . White cell count normal . So far , so human . I 've informed Homeland Security that we appropriated their identity . Has it occurred to you that our jobs would be easier if we didn 't have to work in secrecy ? Dr. Fenway ... We 'd have found all those missing crewmen weeks ago , if we 'd enlisted the public 's help . Not true . Historically speaking , the public can 't help but panic in a crisis . The Wall Street crash , Cuban Missile Crisis , even Orson Welles ' broadcast of War of the Worlds in ' 38 . You don 't have to answer to him . Yeah . Nor to anyone , apparently . I would just like to be clear that there is a reason for maintaining secrecy . Panic is contagious . Last thing we need is an epidemic of it . No genetic mutations . Thank you . You 're welcome . When did you start stealing chips ? ( speaks Korean ) ( speaking Korean ) He 's playing dumb . Was it Park 's idea to go after the chips ? ( speaks Korean ) ( speaks Korean ) How can a Korean not know anyone named Park ? He speaks English . How do you know ? It 's the way he pronounces his consonants . It 's common amongst native Asian language speakers who 've mastered English . Does Guantanamo Bay mean anything to you ? You have a nice flight . Take him . Okay , hey , wait , wait ! Okay ? Look ... Park wanted the chips . But only a certain kind . What kind ? I don 't know . I 'm a little dog . Fish , simpleton . Look , I swear . I 'm just a driver . When did Park return to the gang ? Two weeks ago . We were surprised . We heard about his ship , thought he was dead . First thing Danny did was take on our Doo-mok . Leader . I 've known Danny since we were kids . He was never much of a fighter , but he was now . Go on . Doo-mok whipped out his blade , but Park snapped his wrist like a twig and beat him to death . Where are the Indonesians that were smuggled over in the cargo container ? I don 't know ! Park didn 't care about them . He just wanted the microchips . Why ? I don 't know ! But why does it matter ? The cop killed him . What ? Okay , I 'll call you in a little bit . All right , bye . Rossi 's been lying . Park was never at large . Chances are he 's still alive . Let 's go , boss . You never called me that before . That 's ' cause I never had to ask you for a favor . What do you need ? When we get Park in custody , I 'd like a five-hour leave to go home . Everything all right ? Yeah , my , uh ... family member 's in a bad way . Who ? Okay . Absolutely . Take more time if you need it . I appreciate it . We know you have Park . Why did you lie to us ? I want him to answer for my partner 's murder . You obstructed a Homeland Security investigation . I turned over my entire crime scene , so you can capture your Indonesians . So that makes it okay to fake a BOLO and lie to Federal agents . A cop killer gets a needle in this state . But if Park gave you one scrap of information , any public defender would be able to make sure he got three hot meals and cable TV , while Blake 's daughter grows up without a dad . I owe Sam more than that . How do we know you 're not working with Park ? Like you said , those chips cost a lot of money . I 'm sure you 'll check my financials and service records . My blood 's going to turn up drug-free . You won 't find any dirt on me . Blood 's fine . You tell us where Park is ( whispering ) : or you 'll be lucky to work security at the mall . CAFFREY : At this point , you know we 're going to find him . You can only slow us down . I promise ... no sweet deals for Park . After he got shot , Park was electrocuted by a high-voltage power cable . ROSSI : Stop ! Police ! Don 't move ! Now , any normal human being would be dead . What 's going on ? We can 't reveal that . But it should give you an idea how much we want him off the streets . ROSSI : Here it is . I figured if cargo pods were good for smuggling people , they were good for holding them . These agents are here for Park . Ma 'am ? Come on , open up . Homeland Security 's taking custody . But DHS agents were just here . They already took him . Typical Feds- - right hand never knows what the left hand is doing . Don 't worry , it 's just a miscommunication . Miscommunications put killers back on the street . That 's not going to happen with Park . Caffrey , listen ... No , you listen . The only thing keeping you from jail is my sympathy for your situation . Can 't blame her for where she stands , Molly . I don 't ; all the more reason to keep her far away from us . PEGG : I 'm having trouble focusing . Close or far ? Close . Look up . I 'm supposed to be analyzing these microchips , which is a little tricky when you can 't see six inches in front of your face . Given the fact that you were exposed to an alien signal , do I really have to remind you to see me on a regular basis ? Where the hell were you this morning ? No offense ... Look down . I don 't like examinations . Makes me feel like one of your lab rats . Interesting . What ? Take your lenses out . When was the last time you had your prescription changed ? I just got a new pair , like , two months ago . Read what 's on that monitor there and , uh , start at the top line . PEGG : " Protein analysis sample 81465 . Specimen obtained at 1300 hours . " I can see it perfectly . Yeah . Eh ... the curvature of your retina 's changed . Your eyes are improving . How can that be ? Wha-what 's causing that ? I don 't know . Why don 't you come back later tonight for that physical you 've been avoiding ? We 'll do a full workup . Uh , can it wait till tomorrow morning ? Not really . I haven 't seen my fiancee in two days ... Tonight , Mr. Pegg . We 're supposed to be moving . HATTEN : I figured this is a job for the National Security Advisor . Homeland Security has no idea what they 're dealing with . The undersecretary has Threshold clearance . We can discuss this openly with Robert . Well , what 's to discuss ? Just have him turn Park over . DHS doesn 't answer to the National Security Advisor or to anyone other than the President . I 'm aware of that . It 's not your fault . You completed the Threshold Plan in March , 2001 , before 9 / 11 , when DHS didn 't exist . We know Park was exposed to the alien signal . He has the same symptoms as the others- - extreme strength , spontaneous tissue regeneration ... Andrea , it 's okay . I 've been briefed . I know what the signal does to the victims . You 'll turn him over to Threshold to ... I 'm afraid ... no , that won 't be possible . May I ask why ? Our intelligence indicates that the three Indonesians that Park helped smuggle into the U.S. were experts in explosives . They learned their craft at Al Quaeda training camps . They didn 't come to America for Disneyland . Or maybe they did . We did manage to pick one of them up , though . He called one of our contacts , looking for ammonium nitrate . He told us how he got here . They led us back down to the docks . We saw some cops guarding a cargo pod and we found Park inside . Now , what we want are the other two Indonesians . We 're hunting those two terrorists . Well , you must have other leads to pursue . Absolutely . We do . Park 's our best bet . He 's unconscious right now . As soon as he regains consciousness , I want to know everything that he knows . When he wakes up , your men are going to have more than they can handle . My people know how to handle security . That is our business , after all . Sir , we 're dealing with an extraterrestrial threat . Ms. Caffrey , how many Americans have your extraterrestrials killed ? Six on the Big Horn ship and nine on American soil , that we know of . Foreign terrorists killed 3,000 Americans in one morning . Sir , I 'm worried about the welfare of millions of people ... Anything you can do to help us , Robert , would be greatly appreciated . We 'll turn Park over to Threshold as soon as we 're through with him . Thank you . You 're going to the president ? No . He 's the only one who can overrule Homeland Security . But I don 't think he will . Why ? He trusts you . And if I put him in a compromising situation , I 'll lose that trust . I 'd be forcing him to choose between the alien threat and stopping a possible terrorist attack . Both are crucial to U.S. security . You know him . Always one eye on the history books . Even if I win , it 'll make ripples in D.C .. You 'll risk exposing Threshold . You 're famous for your strategies , Molly . Make a new one . RAMSEY : Are those the microchips that came from the cargo pod ? PEGG : Yeah . Wow . Looks like Bill Gates ' head exploded in here . Bill Gates would sell his mother to Apple to get ahold of this . What is it ? It 's the most advanced hyperacoustic integrator I 've ever seen . Oh , save the pillow talk for your fiancee . It 's a digital audio processor . What did he want with them ? It 's the only thing on the market that 's sophisticated enough to come close to actually creating the alien signal . What 's the difference between coming close and actually doing it ? A massive amount of power . So ... one question remains : Once he gets that power , where was he planning to play the signal ? I need you to unlock the restraints . No can do . Sprague says this guy 's a real danger . Danger ? ! It 's amazing he survived these wounds . You ask me , someone who helps terrorists doesn 't deserve a Band-Aid . I didn 't ask you . His wounds appear to be already healing . Can you hear me ? I 'll check on him later . Where 's Park ? DHS detention . They won 't release him to us . You don 't look surprised . It 's D.C. I wish people would stop saying that . With our resources , we could determine where they 're holding him ... and extract him . Break into a DHS detention facility ? I know enough about the security to get us in . It 's just getting out with Park that might get a little dicey . No way . You 'd be shot on sight . Thanks for caring . Threshold needs you . BAYLOCK : We tried diplomacy . Force is not an option . What 's left ? Old-fashioned horse trading . We give them the two Indonesians they 're looking for , they 'll give us Park . At least we have the stuff from the cargo pod- - that gives us the advantage over Homeland Security . What 's the penalty for withholding evidence from Homeland Security ? Think of it as helping , not withholding . None of the DNA samples from the blankets or fingerprints off the cans match anyone from the national databases . Makes sense if you just entered the country . Can it tell us anything about the suspects ? Genetic profiling says definitely male , most likely Asian . We 've narrowed it down to two billion . Things are looking up . Xifukang . It 's an herbal compound . It 's believed to be an aphrodisiac . Chinese Viagra . More commonly used to treat asthma . So , uh , one of them is asthmatic and in need of medicine . Do they even sell this stuff here ? I doubt it . There are tight controls on imported pharmaceuticals . Closest thing you can find in the U.S. is a cortical steroid inhaler . How does a criminal fugitive get medicine without a prescription ? They steal it . I 'm gonna check that Baltimore criminal database . Check , uh , pharmacy robberies in the last two days . All right . Okay , three break-ins . What was taken ? OxyContin . Hillbilly heroine . Yee-ha . Graham 's Pharmacy on Eastern Avenue . Stolen merchandise includes painkillers and one box of asthma inhalers . All right , let 's start there . Fingerprints and DNA at the crime scene aren 't gonna give us anything I haven 't already gotten off the blankets . We can canvas the neighborhood , go door to door . With Park healing rapidly in DHS lockup , do we have time for that ? No . But I know someone who can provide a shortcut . That Blake 's daughter ? Emily just started walking last week . She won 't even remember it was her father who was holding her hands . Sam and Valerie tried for five years to get pregnant , and when they had Emily , they were over the moon . I can see why . They invited me to dinner a couple of times , and you know how it is in this business . Got to keep professional distance . Especially when you 're in charge . I wish I had taken them up on it just once . I 'm so sorry . You already offered your condolences . I need your help . That 's not what you said back at the dock . We still need to find the terrorist Park smuggled intohe country . This means Park 's not talking . Best news I 've heard all day . We catch these two , we won 't need Park 's help . What do you need from me ? Your file says you worked narcotics in the Druid Hill area . Five years . So ? I 'm looking for someone . * If you wanna take my body tonight * * Then you got to pick somebody tonight ... * What the hell 's going on in here ? This a backward ass carjacking ? Calm down , Tazz . Rossi , what 's up , girl ? Hey , if this is about those stereos , I was making Sunday dinner with my mother . Stop talking and listen . We 're looking for two Indonesian men who are staying in this neighborhood . They probably dropped some painkillers on the street for cash . You know , Chinamen would kind of stick out around here . And I may have seen something . So , Rossi , you gonna help a brother out ? Listen , buddy , I 'm Homeland Security . We don 't pay for information . People help us , we thank them . They don 't , they 're part of the problem . Wait a minute . You 're Homeland Security ? Why didn 't you just say so , baby ? I 'm famous for my love of ... ( loud thud ) Okay . Damn . Hey ! I seen a couple of Kung Fu repairmen drop some medicine this morning . Repairmen ? You know , like cats in jumpsuits . Like plumbers and whatnot . Had a white van . Tell us where . No good can come from bomb experts with a van . Cavennaugh has a dozen agents canvassing the area . Maybe we can narrow down the search . I 'm sure all the florists they 've been freaking out will be happy about that . Ramsey , I need to tap your expertise . Well , I knew you would eventually . The answer is yes . Excuse me ? Women always come to me for sexual release , like I 'm some machine . I was referring to your language skills . Your loss . How may I be your linguistic bi-atch ? Can you tell me where Cavennaugh 's from ? Cavennaugh . Uh ... ( clears throat ) Yeah , easily . Uh , vocal patterns and accents are better than fingerprints . Chicago area , but not metro . Baltimore meter maid ticketed a white van this morning . Expired parking meter . Commercial vehicles park in commercial zones , no meters . $ 45 fine ? Now , that 's a crime . Cavennaugh . ( over comset ) : Go ahead . A delivery van was ticketed on the corner of Pennington and Fifth about a half hour ago . It 's just right up the street . Well , maybe it 's still there . Check it out . We 're on our way . Chicago . You sure ? Yeah , I 'll go one better . I 'll bet a C-note that his hometown is somewhere in uh , Will County , south of Cook . I don 't bet unless I have a shot . Thanks . We have a white van containing explosive materials . Repeat- - we have a white van containing explosives materials . Freeze ! Don 't move ! Get ' em out of here . Well , what do we have here ? Merry Christmas , sir . These are the two gentlemen you 're looking for . They were stealing washing machine timers from a Baltimore Laundromat . Their stolen van was packed with home-brewed C-4 . That 's their M.O. Marines , take custody . Yes , sir . Good job . Dr. Caffrey , you and your team have done a tremendous service for our country . I want to thank you . We 're happy to help , sir . I 'd like to request the transfer of Daniel Park to Threshold . I 'm afraid there 's been a shift in his custody status . Meaning ? He escaped . Took out two guards . Jumped out of a three-story window and he disappeared . Where are your men now ? The infirmary . They 're in pretty bad shape . I tried to warn them about Park 's strength without revealing Threshold 's mission . I understand , sir . Did anyone see where he went ? No . No eyewitnesses . Dr. Caffrey , if there is anything that I can do personally to assist you in this situation , you let me know . Thanks . If you have any of Park 's personal effects , it may help us track him down . He didn 't have any . My people brought him in with the clothes on his back . Great . This is some kind of sick joke , right ? It 's not . How did he escape ? We 're not exactly sure . You made a promise to me . And I meant it . We screwed up . But you can help us fix this . Forget it , I 'm out . CAFFREY : I know what you 're thinking . You can 't catch this guy alone . I did it once . I know you have his personal effects . I lost them . Not exactly sure how . The clock is ticking , Rossi . You need our resources , we need Park 's things . Terrorists are your beat . You caught them . Why is Park such a high priority ? That 's classified . Then so are his things . Detective ... You need my help- - fine . If I 'm in , I 'm all in . If I tell you the truth , I guarantee you you won 't look at life the same way again . Well , I 've been on this job for 16 years . Nothing can surprise me anymore . Holy God ... All the men on Park 's ship were exposed to the same signal ? Yeah . We 've accounted for most of them , but a few are still missing . Changed in the same way Park 's been changed . We think so . The degree of genetic mutation seems to depend on the level and duration of exposure . I never knew something like this was even possible . I never imagined my plan would ever be put into action . At least not in my lifetime . But , uh , here we are . Expect the unexpected- - first rule of the job . You understand now how vital it is to contain this threat . Absolutely . I know I 've been a pain in the ass . You have . But you were justified . I 'll get you Park 's things . Thanks . Mr. Baylock . Against my better judgment , you were just let in on the secret of a lifetime . I won 't say a word . That had better be the case . There is too much at stake for this to become gossip at the cop bar . Never big on gossip , sir . That 's more of a D.C. thing . CAFFREY : Who 's winning ? ( sighs ) : The bad guys . If you stick to the north side of the bunker , you can pick off the Jackals one at a time . Thanks . So how is Rachel ? Rachel 's fine . Good . 'Cause it can 't be easy for her . Or you . Big life change , huh ? If you 're worried I might elope , don 't . I understand what 's at stake . Besides , knowing what I know , I don 't know how much I 'd enjoy a honeymoon right now . Well , if there 's anything I can do to make things easier , let me know . Sure . Good luck with the Jackals . Thanks . Taxi , over here . Rogers Avenue Station . I 'll take Pleasant Avenue and cut across . Wait . Forgot my keys . I need to go back to my place . Sure . Take this right . There 's a shortcut through the alley . Right here ? Yeah . Stop . What are you , about six-one ? Yeah , why ? Your vision is better than 20 / 10 . I think that 's a record . I 've been wearing glasses since I was seven years old . At my last eye exam , I was 2300 . Must have something to do with your exposure to the signal . Your theta wave activity 's gone up another notch . Anything like this happen to Dr. Caffery ? Cavennaugh ? No . Uh , ha-ha-have you noticed anything else ? Any other changes ? Halo . Huh ? Uh , this video game that I play sometimes . Dr. Caffery gave me some pointers and they helped a little bit , but last night , I broke through every level . It 's like my hand-eye coordination is off the charts . Hmm . Hmm what ? Oh , it could be tied to your enhanced visual acuity . What if I 'm changing , like one of the infected Big Horn crewmen ? No . Enhanced strength would be next ... Lucas ... Regenerative powers ... Lucas ... I could be turning into one of them . Lucas , listen . Your DNA is normal . No genetic mutations . I 'm gonna start testing your DNA every day . We 'll keep a very close eye on this . In the meantime , you need to tell me about any other unusual symptoms , all right ? And whatever happens , I promise- - I 'm gonna get you your very own cage . Away from all the other rats . Baltimore subway pass . Bought last week . 14 miles of track in the system . He could have gone anywhere in the city . Can you find out where Park 's been ? Yeah . Looks like a standard mag strip . Okay . It 's been used daily until the D.A. just captured him . I mean , till you captured him . Uh , he swiped in daily at Rogers Avenue Station around 10 : 00 A.M. Between the morning and lunch hour rush . Something 's not right . Gangbangers don 't have regular commutes . Maybe he 's not actually getting on the train . If he is building a signal emitter , what better place to set it off than a subway station ? He could infect thousands of people in minutes . A lot of them federal employees on their way to D.C. Molly , we 've tapped into the entire Baltimore transit system . We can see everything their surveillance cameras see . No sign of Park so far . I haven 't seen him either . No sign of him here . BAYLOCK : He hasn 't shown up on any of the security monitors . Well , it 's only 10 : 30 . Let 's be patient . RAMSEY : Wait . Hold on . CAFFREY : What is it , Ramsey ? The power just went out in the south tunnel about a hundred yards from your location . Looks like a relay overloaded . What caused it ? Not sure . Wait a minute . It 's coming back online . Uh , circuit system says it 's drawing about a hundred times its usual power . Enough power to emit the signal ? And then some . Evacuate the station . We 're on it . Let 's go . Ladies and gentlemen , I 'm from the Baltimore Police Department . I 'd like to ask you to exit the station , please . Exit the station . CAVENNAUGH : Park ! Step away ! Now ! All right , watch out . This third rail is 700 volts . Yeah , he 's definitely drawing power from the grid . No , wait , wait , wait ! Those stun shells are electrically charged . This thing feeds off power . That could just amp it up and make it worse . Where 's the power coming from ? Park 's tapped into the substation that sends power to the rails . J.T. , we got to shut down power to the subway tracks . We 'll have to black out a couple of city blocks . Do what you got to do . Make it quick . That 's weird . What 's the problem ? I 'm locked out . I was just in the system a minute ago . Looks like Park 's encrypted the power control software . He 's using a quantum encryption scheme . It 'll take hours to unlock . BAYLOCK : Molly , we can 't shut down the power . Okay , can you deactivate the emitter itself ? He 's running a lot of juice . Almost 500 amps . Oh , man . I might be able to draw out enough power to keep it from working . All right , try it . That 's the first subharmonic . Molly , get out of there . Just hold on . Keep working . ( metallic scraping ) Look , if we don 't stop it now , we might not be able to . I want you out of that tunnel , Caffrey . I 've got a handle on it . Detective Rossi , I need you here now . Park ! On the ground now ! It 's over ! Over ? Not even close . It 's going to start emitting a full signal within seconds . What do you need ? BAYLOCK : Caffrey ? Stand by . Now would be a good time , Lucas . I 'm trying . Keep your guard up . These guys don 't like to die . I think he 's cooked . Lucas ... I can 't do it . He 's built in too many redundancies . I-I just can 't . I can 't shut off the current . I need your gun now . You got it . You guys okay ? Yeah . I 'm never riding the subway again . It 's all right . Now that we know it 's possible to create the signal using our own technology , do we assume that the other crewmen are doing the same ? Not necessarily . The aliens have all the knowledge of the people they infect , but all their limitations , too . No other survivor of Big Horn had Park 's technological expertise . Well , their agenda seems clear enough now : infect as many people as possible any way they can . We better hope the signal doesn 't find its way to NASA . Or MIT . Okay , let 's focus on what we need to do . If human technology can create the signal , then we should be able to jam it , too . We 'll start rebuilding these components , but they 're pretty fried . You had to teach her how to shoot , Cavennaugh . If he hadn 't , you guys would be sitting here alone . Cause of death : electrocution . Live by the sword . But I saw him survive a major shock before . Not like this . Lucas charged the stun shell strong enough to render unconscious anyone who was exposed to the signal . But the added voltage from the subway rail made the dose lethal . The signal made from the chips he stole ... how did it work ? Best we can tell it emits microwaves that trigger neurological changes . I really underestimated Al Qaeda . And I never dreamed guys living in caves could be so scientifically advanced . Inventing a weapon to turn us into maniacs ? They may live in caves , but they have the money and connections to buy what they need . And the less they know about what we know , the better our chances of stopping them . You have my word . Hey . You did right by your partner . Sam was a great guy and a great cop . As the tight as the two of us were , I never told him that . Then tell his daughter . Yeah . If there 's anything you need ... There is . Just keep your eyes open out there . If you see anything like you 've seen in the last few days , call that number I gave you . You better believe it . Al Qaeda , huh ? Every outside person who learns about Threshold is a potential threat to it . You 're full of it . What ? She 's no threat and you know it . What you were doing is allowing her to eventually get a good night 's sleep again . Believe what you want to believe . Good night , Doctor . Here . What 's this ? Round-trip ticket to O 'Hare . O 'Hare . You 're not the only one with resources . Flight leaves at 10 : 00 . Hey . Uh , this ticket , is it transferable ? Yeah . Why ? My situation has , uh , changed . If it 's okay , I 'd like to take my leave the day after tomorrow . Yeah , of course . Thank you . I appreciate it . Hey , Cavennaugh . You going to a funeral ? Yeah . You didn 't make it home in time . It 's okay . No , it 's not . Molly , this isn 't new for me . I 've been living this life many years , on many assignments . Unlike the rest of the Red Team , including you , I signed up for this . But you 're still human . For now . That 's not funny . Good night . Good night .
