 KADR presents 'Tommorow is like today , just happens tomorrow 'Slawomir Mrozek All incompetent people should leave the safety area 1 , i repeat , all incompetent people should leave the safety area 1 We are coming in , you can take the guards off That 's a bad sign No ... it 's just , sometimes you know it happens itself , ... . the inner tension in the glass Let 's go or they 'll say we did it Few minutes ago a new day has started , August , 9th , 1991 . You should remember this day as it will surely be a historical date for mankind I present you the man who discovered immortality , Nobel-Prize winner , prof. doctor Victor Koppelweiser - Welcome to our studio proffesor - Immortality is maybe an exaggeration , I managed only to put human 's body into anabiosa - hibernation - yes ... i also wanted to add that the last experiment conducted by proffesor , trial to freez the chimpazee for 6 months finished successfully - Excuse me , trial to unfreez the chimpazee - I will introduce you mister Albert Starski and mister Maksymilian ... - Paradys - Paradys , yes .. these two handsome and breave men that in a moment we will lock in a boxes , that i could call the sarcophagus of the XXI century - Excuse me , these are hybernators , not any sarcophaguses , Koko ! - Exactly .. And in three years they will wake up as an alive , lets hope , prove of victory of human mind over the nature - what has pushed you into making this blood freezing decision ? - Shortly , if you allow me , responsibility me , modest biologist , have the chance to be usefull to the mankind I know these are big words but this is what i think please realise , that thanks to hybernation , many people with incurable illnesses Will be able to travel in time in which there will already be cure for their illness - Our son is an important person now just like Gagarin or someone else - Well , i always loved risk , something unknown so called ' rough live I was interested in this hybernation thing since ... - just admit it was all for money ! Asshole , to leave us alone - Look at this bastard , it 's your daddy remember him well - .. when i heard they were looking for volunteers i applied , i was chosen - Thank you very much . Is there anything you would like to add ? - I would like to greet all hybernation fans in the whole world - And the last question - aren 't you afraid ? - Of what ? : ) _ yes , exactly . The method is tested , Koko is with us in the studio - Yes , just to make it clear , I would like to say that there is of course some risk involved - Excuse me ? - From the experiments made on animals .. is hard to say how hibernation influences humans brain We don 't really know how it will react .. You may suffer from hallucinations when you wake up Let 's go than to the wisdom cave , that , like in the fairly tale will take our hearoes in , so in three years When we say ' Sessamy open ' they go out , let 's hope , all alive I remind you also that in three days we meet on the World Women 's Ligue meeting 'The ligue saves you , advises you and will never betray you Thank you , Good night Mission Exmission Seksmission - I can 't see anything ! - That 's normal after hybernation - Is it over ? - Yes , it 's over - Thank you .. thank you i can 't see anything - I think we made it - Yes , you made it - Haaha I said so ... darkness .. i see darkness - I sweat a lot , you ? - The body is melting .. normal - You are right , typical afterhybernation reaction - Oooo , good morning - What a nice service - Breakfast . Thank you very much I haven 't eaten for 3 years - Precels , eggs , how nice Excuse me , but this bread is old - How ? - oh yes .. sure , clever ! - thank you - I have lost the sense of taste - That does not have a taste - You are still on adaptational diet - oh OK - I 'm sick .. if i don 't smoke ... - one second .. Here ! - you are totally irresponsible - I am sorry i have no package - We cannot smoke in here , there is no ashtrays - we could not notice .. plus noone can see us. come on ! - but just to accompany you i do not smoke normally it makes me sick , now after this food .. We have no lighter - It 's workin ! - Mhmmmm this is what i needed - Good cigarette - Cigarette - you know I think they overreact with this harmfulness of smoking CIGARETTE - INTOXICATING TOBACCO PRODUCT / VEGETAL / BROUGHT TO EUROPE IN 1942 BY COLUMBUS , CAN CREATE CANCER ; WEAKENS THE ORGANISM , DECISION MAKING PROCCESESS AND EFFECTIVENESS ; LIQUIDATED BY THE LIGUE in 1996 DUE TO GENERAL HARMFULNESSNESS They can start fire - Maybe we shouldn 't smoke , during quarantine - In few days , it will start Interviews , autographs , official visits - you will get tired with all that - Ops , excuse me , help yourself - Good morning - But ... what ? what ? - I think it is non-smoking place - Prof. Koopelweiser , - Yes - so called Nobel-Prize winner ? - Yes - Doesn 't exist - Yes .. - What ? - Excuse me ? - Sister , what is happening here ? the experiment was a success , yes ? We are heroes , aren 't we ? - I have been spreayed with foam , haven 't i ? - Why the fuck are you playing with us ? - I want your supervisor to come here - you should be happy you are alive and that you have been dehybernated Why wouldn 't we be ? The experiment wouldn 't have any sense . - There were more important things during the war than sience experiments - What war ? - What , we were supposed to be woken up no matter the political situation ? How do i care about your war ? - ours ? That was your war , we don 't know wars - impertinent - And ? Who won ? - What ? - this war ! What else ? - It doesn 't matter who won , but who survived - Excuse me , where is prof . Koopelweiser ? - Dr Lamia has already told you - That he doesn 't exist ? - What does it mean - doesn 't exist ? He had an accident again ? - like all the others - Excuse me , we would like to see the director of this institute - Yes ? - but .. I would prefer a man - They don 't understand anything , sister It is impossible to contact a male - im - what ? - you are the only existing male - Men have vanished long time ago - Phsh ... vanished ? They weren 't mammoths ! - It appears they were .. in a way .. - Excuse me what day it is today ? - March , 8th. you slept a bit longer than planned - Longer than 3 years ? - 5 ! - No - 4 ! - I have seen her somewhere ! - Excuse me , doctor , i don 't care , I had a contract for 3 years You will have to pay overhours - What year is that ? - 44 - 2044 - No men ? .. Why is there no windows in here ? No handles ? - We slept 53 years ? - It 's the halucynations prof. talked about - Yes .. it was nice talking to you , ladies but .. excuse us , we need to go we are late anyways , good bye Mr Alber excuse the ladies .. Good bye - Should i stay with you sister ? - No thank you i prefer working alone ( background - such a shock ... my hands are hurting ) - Good bye than - There is small power problem on 3 , but i will repair it tomorrow - good night - us , with current , us ? , the heroes ? - with current ? - ohh what is happening here ? - We need to stretch the muscles - stretch - What is happening ? What is it all about ? It was supposed to be so beautifull .. the interviews - What 's wrong ? - you shouldn 't complain , the electroshock can be good for the body - It must be the other part of the experiment They are checking our tolerance for mental shocks - What are you suggesting , mister ? What am I , a guinea pig ? - World without male I wonder how would they , reproduce , pardn my french - you shouldn 't worry about that , it was always a woman that gave beggining to life - Yeah well we did help you in that ! and I am not saying that without pleasu .. - did you hear about the artificial parthenogenesis ? - I officially protest against overcepting private conversations ! - thanks to parthenogenesis , we are self-sufficient - parthyno - what ? - Parthenogenesis , self-reproduction , if they have managed that ... - What ? - If they - What did they ? - What happened ? - Time to sleep - What is it , this parthenogenesis ? - No ... it 's better you don 't ask - remember your dreams , dreams are very important ! - I hope we haven 't woken up yet , mr Max - But what ? what is wrong ? - good night - Don 't switch the lights off ! Halo ! Halo ! Halo ! - Can i make a phone call ? I have asked you something ! My wife is waiting ! - Will you , from Genetix , stop the late visits ? - Good evening , I don 't think I am interrupting .. am I ? It is a totally private visit , I was passing by and came to see you But you surely have a lot of interesting work to do , if you stayed for the night - you can read everything in the directories , sister - of course .. But they do not write about special missions in the directories - of course not , it is a secret - Yes ... well i have something for you here - What is the occasion ? - Well , it is for your success , i heard you have found something - Gossip , don 't be fooled - Really .. you have suddenly cancelled your holiday .. - one The sector that you have been searching has suddenly been closed - two ane and two is three , and three means secret , I am just linking facts ... - Excuse me , couldn 't you link them somewhere else I would like to take a bath and go to sleep - I understand , secret is tiring It is a shame , Lamia , that you left us . You would make a career in Genetix - I am going great in Archeo , - Archeo , digging the sentiments out ... So long , darling , I would have been better , though , if you have given them to us .. - Whom ? - Exactly , whom ? - Mr Max ! Where are you ? - Good morning ! Has something happened ? - no .. nothing , good morning - Quiet ! - What are you doing ? - What are you looking for ? - It is pointless , you will not find anything - I can 't stand it ! Crap ! I can 't stand it ! ... parthenogenesis is a form self reproduction , it ... - did you order TV ? - Mr Max ... . ... When did the first parthenogenesis took place , and how did it develop ? the first parthenogenesis was first conducted 130 ... . - Artificial kids .. - Really ? hmm they even look alike .. ... Eugenia Batalion has conducten parthenogenesis on a frog by cutting the egg with a glass ... in 1939 has created ... - our prokreation method is the best - You should be ashamed of yourselves ! To teach such things to children - To cut the egg in the uterus ... mechanicly ... egg .. with egg .. - Not while I am eating , hey ... for Christ sake - They already know , Tekla was here yesterday ! - I have expected that . Genetix has its women everywhere - Will they try to take them away from us ? - No ... the archeological discoveries belong to us . Tekla knows that . I am just afraid that .. How are the studies going ? Good , thank you The theory that men arethe missing link between monkeys and women can be proven - Aren 't they aggressive ? - No , this bigger one is calm , the little one has bad influence on him - Remember that the risk of contamination has not been totally overcome Contact with them should be minimised - Thank you sister , - Take care ! - Mr Albert , we have to find some common language for us - Do you speak any foreign language ? - ... Take a pill ... . - Eh ... no no . They could have a translator , noo I suggest , that if I for example Take 2 spoons of this pink stuff , it means ' down ' ! Or for example I take my shirt off It means ' come here ' ! - So you are suggesting some kind of a code - yeah something like that - Mr Max .. that 's stupid .. - What ? Well like that we will never communicate - Mr Albert ! Are you also awake ? - Eh .. cold - Exactly ! They have started some clima , damn - Mr Max - Yes ? - Lie down , we will be warmer - Thank you . Like in the army - Mr Albert .. - mhm ? - Tell me honestly , as a scholar , - mhm ? - Is it possible that women could breed themselv ? - Totally . It was possible in our times already but never like that ! - Jesus Christ ! - 53 years ! We have slept through the best years of our lives . In one go we lost our families , friends .. - I was supposed to get an apartment in ' 98 ! - Oh I will never let anyone freez me again .. - Don 't you have a sip left ? - Oh sorry , here you go - Mr Albert ! What is wrong ? hey you can 't .. it happend , well we will have to live here somehow Human can get used to everything , here - but i thought that ... maybe we should become friends - I was just to suggest it Here you go - Albert - Maksymilian - Thank you It is the last chance for Archeo , tie is good for Genetix its not even a minute til the end Maybe now .. YES YES - Beautiful 1-0 , 1-0 ! Yes the game is over ! Now the traditional T-shirt exchange - What is happening ? What 's up ? look ! Look ! Great programme ! - you are staring at the TV all day long ! This is what they want - Woow what a body Replay ! Replay ! Orghh they did not play it again .. If you played it right , it could be heaven for us ! - What ? - Heaven ! Many women , single , us 2 , no competition ... you can 't cheat the nature ! you prefer blonds or brunettes ? - You know what ? Our civilisation came to an end and all you can think of is chicks ! - oh , here is our blondie , let 's try .. - good morning - good morning - We are starting the 5th day of quarantain try to grade , from 1-10 your mood - 1-10 , well when you are around .. 7 - seven , - let me go ! - let me go that would mean ... 1 - Food ? - Thank you , better , this pink - very good , 5 or even 6 ! - i am not eating and i am not going to - we will have to feed .. through vains - Phisical condition ? - 10 ! - Any other wishes ? - Couldn 't we go for a walk , together ? To dance a little bit - how do you dare touching me ! With the eternal nature law - That was very unhygienic ! I am worning you I will have to defend myself Well i was very good in boxing ... - Fool ! - ehehehe , can i have some music in here ? - may i ask you to dance ? - Don 't come any closer ! - Jesus ! - I am not aggresive , 1 in the scale - Don 't do it again ! Or we will have to put you into sleep - Max ? Are you alive ? - Albert , it 's working ! - What is wrong , sister ? - Can we help ? Are you feeling OK ? - Everything is fine , get back to work - Who let her in here ? - She has a permission , nothing we can do . - You need to treat them in a safer way They are unique - Such small woman and can throw a man like that ! - My name is Emma Dax , we will be working together - These two play a major role in Genetix programme that has government support - I am personally responsible for genetic safety of this sector , thus i will give orders here - I have your orders deep down .. I am liable only towards dr Berna , and i guess i will have to inform her about your visit - you will have a chance . Dr Berna is with her Majesty now , who wants to see this male - I came here , to accompany you - My friend wanted to go for a walk ! - Put these on Shirt into the trousers ! - Nah ... listening to a woman ... - Gloves ! - Oh come on ! Don 't make us criminals ! - It is neccessary if you want to leave from here - Isn 't it Koopelweiser 's old clinic ? - Excuse me - one sec ! Where are you taking me ! - Follow me - Good morning , where are you taking me ? Why ? - Follow me ! - I am walking - Level 3 , level 3 ! Open up ! - Hey , tell me - where is your daddy ? - What is daddy ? - Poor kid , my little one ! - Me too , me too ! - Me too ... - Babies , you don 't know what daddy is , what have they done to you ! - Sister take this kids away ! - Let 's go ! - You took their parents away .. Poor kids - Please follow me ! - They don 't know what father is ! Apocalypse ! - Emma Dax to her Majesty - God , after radiation mutants - Albert , what the fuck has happened , blee - Hey Max ! Look apples - 2 , perfect - They are here . - Hibernation is the future . If we could manage to lower the body temperature by just 2 degrees We would live two times longer but here are our breave girls with the males Let 's go see them , I am very curious - They have a specific smell .. - They are sweating , it is the side effects of hibernation - How old are they ? - 86 , but the biological wear is 40,5 % - What are we going to do with them ? - Excuse me , you seem to be some kind of a boss here we have few questions to you than - You address Her Majesty per Her Majesty - Majesty ... - Well than excuse me , Let me .. - Paradys - Look out ! - Grab his legs ! - Let him go ! He didn 't want to - Don 't bite me ! - You can let go of him - Don 't bite me ! - My friend just wanted to introduce himself - I ... . only ... . wanted to ask ... but ... - What happened to men ? - Yeah exactly , what have you done to all males ? - It wasn 't us It was your friend Koopelweiser - The prof ? - During the war he discovered a preparation that temporarly paralise male 's gens But through oversight the ' M-Bomb ' in stead of paralising , had terminated them for ever - Well if so , maybe we could .. somehow - Help you .. as the .. reproductors I mean for the reconstruction of the male kind As much as possible of course - Yes , it wouldn 't be the first time we sucrifice ourselves for humanity - Exactly - You can pay us later , after we finished it can be all together With what you owe us for hibernation - No money is not that important - What are they talking about ? - They want to bring things back to normal - Like it used to be ? World with males - Isn 't that logical ? - typical male - See . This is our holy apple tree Planted by the grand mother From exact same tree , the male had picked an apple and seduced a woman with it Which caused we lost the Paradise For ever And this is why today .. Ohhh Where are our holy apples ? - They have ruined our nature reserve ! They have eaten our holy apples ! - Holy ? This crap was holy ? - My little apples ! Who will give them back to me ? What a tragedy ! - bbbut really , we didn 't think this apples were important for you We didn 't know they had a history and by the way they were totally sauer - I am afraid dear Berna , that your discivery is a new Pandora box ! - What ? Don 't call me a box OK ? - Take them away ! they have no right to go anywhere ! - Wait a minute ! Let me out I will buy you this holy apples of yours back ! - What what ? Don 't touch me ! - I can walk myself ! - I am being hit by a woman ! I give up ! Just leave me all alone ! - You are the one saying it ? get up ! - I won 't ! I will lie like that ! - We have to run away from here , now ! - Where ? you have seen how organised they are ! They will get us everywhere ! - It 's our duty to escape ! - What ? Where ? Electric door , lamp in the floor ! It 's all fucked up ! just leave me ! La la la la la - You can 't think like that ! There must be a better world out there ! - Vacuum cleaner ... - I think I have an idea - Impossible - Take the pill ! - Take the pill ! - We have been here 8 days already And nothing happened ... I understand ... You are at work .. - You .. come here ! Where are you going ? Come to me .. Nice boy .. And what a beautiful owner .. just so serious .. - Why is she so serious ? Ha ? Here you go . Good dust ? Eat eat If you don 't eat you will get locked like we did - If it wasn 't enough the ventilation is off - Be a good vacuum cleaner - Your authorisation , sister ? - Lamia Remo Archeo special mission - OK - Purpose ? - I wanna see the oldest pensionist - Check which one is the oldest - Yes , sister - It changes everyday They are dying like flies It won 't take long anyways - Julia Novack , 74 room 114 - You have half an hour - Merry Christmas ! - I feel great , and I am glad to be a pensionist of ' Happy elderly ' home I want to live in piece and wormth until the end of my days - It broke again ! Look what crap we have to work on ! - Miss officer , don 't bug me please I don 't remember anything , al all I have got sclerosis - Don 't worry grannie , they can 't hear us - I am not afraid , I have nothing to hide - So what is this one ? - I 'm begging you darling , don 't look in here ! - It is forbidden ... - Don 't take it from me , please , I was so happy it grew - What is it ? - potato ! real not some synthetics ! - I have something better in here - Jam ? Strawbary ? - you will get it all if you tell me something - Can i taste is it 's good ? - mhmmmm good - What 's happened ? - It 's the fuse - What 's going on in there ! Watch them ! I 'm getting the torch ! - That 's it ! Everything broke - Get the emergency light ! Emergency light , please ! - Don 't move ! - Not the eyes ! not the eyes ! - Stay where you are ! - What were men for ? - Men ... . ? What for ... Well we used them mostly for ... For work , well i don 't remember anyways - How can you not remember ? They were normal in your times ! - Yes ... at days and ... nights ... What about this jam ? - It 's yours - I will tell you a secret We have found two , alive ones ! - Alive ? - Yes I 'm writing my thesis about them . they were hybernated in 1991 - hmmmm good year that was ! - What about you ? you have light ? - No - Can we finally get the light ? - It is all down ! - they were here a second ago ! Maybe they are hidding in the toilet ? - Do you need any help ? - They are gone ! - There they are ! - come one , hide ! - Watch the elevator ! - Jesus ! just like my Joseph ! - you said Jesus . What does it mean ? - Joseph , I said Joseph That 's my fiancee 's name - What does it mean - fiancee ? What do you , new generation , have from being female ? It 's no fun being woman when there is no men ! - What were they needed for ? - for fun ... ekh .. in a way .. - for fun ? We have TV ! There is something in them That doesn 't let me focus It 's very fascinating I dreamt about them last night ! - My darling , aren 't you in love with one of them ? - What are you going to do with them ? - We are gonna apply for naturalization - What ? you want to turn them to women ? For them it 's worth than death ! Such a chance to brong things back to normal ... If i was younger I would have done everything to save them ! You are different than the others What 's your name ? - Lamia - Lamia ? - And ? - They are not here ! Nor in the lift ! - I don 't know - hey where did thatpeg come from ? - Quiet ! - I will check it again , you stay here - OK This was used to cut women This is how male tortured female ! Male - your enemy ! - Male - your enemy ! - What they used this one , sisters , I don 't have to explain ' The special section always with you ! ' - After this show , you will understand why our grand grand-mothers couldn 't stand it Anymore and started the Ligue ! 'The ligue saves you , advises you and will never betray you - Accidently - Excuse us , please continue , we are on our way - Who is that ! ? ! - Nah , the idea was very good - Yeah we should have turn left ... - Actually i start enjoying that Tomorrow we will escape you as well ! - Even though you have broken the rules and offended her Majesty And through your unreliable actions you caused losses in our electric lines We are willing to give you your last chance - What would we have to do ? - It 's enough to proceed this application form 'To the Pure Rase Control Komission I , confirm I was born a man against my will This is why , I ask that all my actions from the past , as a male Have been forgotten , as I was acting under pressure of the past male civilization Furthermore I fully agree with the theory That there have never been , aren 't nor we don 't need any males ... ' - Can you read it out for me again ? You 'd better treat it seriously and sign - And if we don 't ? - Sign - You will stand in front of jury That will decide what to do with you - Female jury , no thanks I am staying here - Your turn Sit down We can talk after you have let us out of here - Actually , we could have signed it every lawyer would have gotten us out of it - What about the principles ? - Your turn - Interesting move - What ? - What is it ? - Hide ! - The door ! - Quicker , Toilette ! toilette ! - Barricade ! - Now ! - What a crap - Protest ! In the name of sience , protest ! I 'm not leaving , I 'm not leaving ! Au , it hurts ! Hurts ! - Firstly , I want to apologise for being late My watch stopped I also want to remind you Todays session is top secret Please - Today we have 2 main points of our session They are both sitting there - This is serious ! This is an organisation - And now we will listen to our dear Dr Berna - We have gathered here today To decide about the future of two persons Of the other species , Which against the logic of evolution Stayed alive and came between us I would like to leave Archeo 's position until the end if the session As , in pronciple , we have most to say about this case Who would like to speak ? - I think there is nothing to discuss Our grand grand-mums have long time ago shown us the way and methids to live happy - We will not let it happen , that the old times , when woman would again be a waitress on the pram of life on which the male is partying , came back - Never again ! - Male - your enemy ! - At present we are all capable of protecting ourselves from infection called - man And against which one we are all immune - Bravo ! - Aren 't you exaggerating ? If it wasn 't for men world would never start ! History of technology is male history You can 't deny this one ! All great scientists , fathers of development greatest humanists , developers were men ! And this is why ... - Name one ! Now , names ! - What about Copernikus ! - It 's a lie ! Copernikus was a woman ! - What ? Than Einstein ! - Enstein was also a woman ! - Maybe Curie-Sklodowska as well ? - That wasn 't the best example .. - Oh they got me off track .. - Excuse me - They are talking here about mail developments - And what did they discover , Lets start from the beginning Some male , named Kain , developed crime and tried it on his sister Abel Some other one discovered prostitution Another one slavery Cowardness , lazyness Summing up we should thank you the whole evil in the world starting with the religion war and finishing on vagina 's cancer - Yeah right ! We are only not responsible for rain , and earthquakes ! - Our world is better than the one they remember .. so why do they always criticise it ? - Aren 't u sick ? You think too much recently Healthy organism lives and functions Only sick start re-thinking themselves We can see that we live well without them We live in the picefull and quiet world without starvation , wars venerical illnesses or other male discoveries - Do you have anything to add ? - Accident , gives you in us a chance to come back to the normal live - You are struggling with the probes for half century not even knowing what you are missing out ! in our world you were praised everyone was trying to get your respect we loved you brought you flowers ! you were inspiration for poets the symbol of ideas .. beauty by distructing the male half of the world you have distructed half of yourselves ! Don 't break the law of nature - It doesn 't make sense to go further This is some crazy provocation - I know ! You are crazy because you haven 't had a man for long ! You need to get some ! I will sit myself - As we can see , the nature didn 't want to keep males ... . - What does it mean to get some ? - They are probably refering to male house service Very popular in XX century - If this is all they have to say Take them out , sisters they should awake the results behind the door - Great , such a distaster - I feel thrown out of scauts , damn - Take the pill - As Archeo representative I apply for naturalisation of both males - My duty , as Genetix manager , is to worn you about the consequesnces of dear Dr Berna decision Under no circumstanses can we bring them into our society - both of them should be liquidated as soon as possible And before that should be given to genetix in order to make some interesting bioemadical experiments - I object ! - My great collegue exposes the harmulness of both male on purpose To increase the prestige of her work And get additional budget founds for her suspicious experiments - Objection ! This are insinuations Genetics is anyways the most important part of science , whethever you like it or not - Interesting ! - Stop it ! Sisters Take this assembly seriously - And so , we should vote two projects Come on , who is for liquidation and who for naturalisation of the males Let 's vote - What ? - What is it ? - Watch out . - Run ! - Jesus ! - What 's happened ? - What ? What ? - Alarm ! They are escaping ! Alarm ! - Avantis ! - He ... .. - Damn it ! - Take it off ! - I can 't - Elevator ! Come on ! - What do we press ? - Ground floor - But how ? One is on the top Ok we 're going Going , OK - Congratulations - It was nothing - hurra ! - We have to have them ! No matter what Naturalisation - 155 votes against liquidation - 154 Let them in - I think something is burning ! - Help ... . - Fire ! - Help - Male - Escaped ! - What ? - they have broken the gas tap ! - Male have escaped ! - Why are they doing it ? After all everything finished well - Didn 't I say so ? I have warned you that they are dengerous ! Genetix to the Special Section ! Alarm for the East-North sector I repeat Alarm for East-North Sector - give their code - Code S 18447 , OL 70946 Understood 100 - no signal - 75 - No signal - 50 - no signal - 25 - We have light signal . - Up or down ? - Down - Excuse me , - Excuse me , Maybe I will leave - Why are you staring like that ? I am 2 kg overweight - Where are you going ? - Look ! - Come back ! Max , we are escaping ! Did you forget where we are ? ! ? Max , come on ! - What is it ? What are you doing , sisters ? In cloths ? to the swimming hall ? - I am verry sorry , we got lost really sorry - Undress in the elevator ! - Damn .. to not be able to .. with naked woman ... in the elevator .. ekh - Guten Tag ! Pass Kontrolle Ihre Ausweise , bitte - Will this terrible skycraper never end ? - We 've got signal - Increase the scale - Clear signal - We 've got them ! - they are on level 3 - Genetix Prim to the group Genetix Prim to the group . Level 3 - Excuse me , where is the Intercontinental Hotel ? - Intercontinental , ein Moment bitte - We don 't know , we are just passing by - Pardon - Yes , sister ... - Well i just had this feeling , sister ... That the ones from Genetix ... - is that the hatcher ? - They breed here - I just said that Sector 1 = Fugitives = Chaise - Anybody there ? - Look Elevator , come on - It 's going - Ground floor ? - Aha - Ohh ut 's getting colder here - How nice - And what is that ? - fresh air ! We are close to the exit ! - Where ? It is some damn main ! - Oh , my ring is making sounds - yeah i can feel impulses - Get off , troup - Move ! - Today you have to dig 15 meters of the tunel - you will stop being lazy Move , fast ! - What are you doing here ? - We didn 't call anyone from Archeo today ! - we didn 't find anything new ! - we thought .. we were told to come here ! - No , it 's some misunderstanding - yeah ? ... well ... Nice mess , sisters ! What do you think , that we have nothing to do ? - you gotten yourselves into the mess ! I can see damn bordello here ! - What did you say ? - You have bordello in your Archeo ! - hey ! - you are all one big excavation ! - No way through - What ? - Be careful ! - It 's just a boot - hey , ours were here ! - our prof ! - Newspaper from 1993 ! - chinese protest causes ONZ 's dissolution - USA in dept Alaska sold to ... oh my Godness The M-bomb is being mass-produced - What is it ? halo ! halo ! Who is in there ! - who is there , we need to run I 'm covering you ! , get back ! - Stop ! Quiet - Cut their way ! In the corridor 42 ! - There ! - get in ! - I 'm fallin ! Hold on ! - I got you ! - hey , - It must be some other country - Finally - it 's really nice in here .. - look , look - Oh my - Let 's go ! - no , be careful Only women there as well - here ! You came to spy on us ? - Sisters from Archeo ! - You ... they are somehow .. different ! - because we ... . ... totally different ... - Let 's go ! - Faster ! Faster ! - Alarm ! - hide ! - Max ! - It 's some new dekadent 's meeting point - yeah ... we are getting rid of one , they build more - Careful , kid - Max ! - Albert ! - Let go ! - we have found decadent 's place we need backup - Long live the cakes ! - Throw away the rings ! - you won 't catch us all ! - Come ! oh come come ! - Eh ... . - Albert ! we are going out ! - Albert ? - Where are you ? - Albert ! Why did you do it to me ? - Yes ! Yes ! - Yeah .. What is she doing here ? - you wanted to go out - So we are going - I don 't believe you - Please , we have to trust her ! - I will take you to the exit I really wish you well - Let 's go - Lamia Reno , 6364 Archeo - Where are we ? - Blockhouse C Look - you , ho .. ? - What is it ? - Earth , where you wanted to go - How could you let this happen ? - One sec , what ? That means we are underground all the time ? - 365 meters below the level _ I felt so ! Damn from the very begining i did - can 't we ... for a moment get outside ? - Today it 's over 300 units outside - Un .. - Units of what ? - Koopelweiser 's radioation - Side effect of M-bomb - this is why our ancestors had to come down to mines Than they have rebuild the station into a town and now it looks like that - does that mean , that we will never be able to go outside ? - To live ? Never naturalisation is the only chance for you - There must be some safe way to get out of here - You have to be getting out to repair the appliances ! - there are special uniforms but there in oxygen for only 1 hour ! - Doesn 't matter Where are they ? - you are going to die there in 12 days - better 2 weeks there than all live here , like a fool - You will get used to ! - Never ! Where do we get out ? Let 's go - you didn 't think I will help you run ? I am a loyal employee - you could have been such a cool girl , Lamia - There is no other way - betrayal ! - Oh my we are surrounded ! - Let go of me ! - Together girls - Lamia , I will never forget this ! never forget this , but I will be back And will have my revenge , you will see - Congratulations my dear great idea , you deserved promotion - You have long deserved that - Thank you - I have almost forgotten Gove all your materials concerning the males to Emma - Why that ? - Together with dr Tekla we will continue your project They are more dengerous that we thought that 's why we need to take over - Don 't worry we will give you the results - What results ? I have finished the thesis about them ! - but of course we will use it - If i were you i would smile so much You get wrinkles ! - What are they preparing ? what are they going to do with us ? - you will soon be able to call me babe - Why ? - No ! - I prefer to die than to be a woman ! - We thought the same you prefer to die to naturalisation - You said once you wanted to sacrify yourself for science We will make it possible for you - Some of our sisters that have important positions Are already old and tired your fresh , healthy and strong organs will give them another youth Call dr Ossa , darling we will have this kidney today - No no no And from the left overs we will try to make healthy food In our conditions it 's really hard to get albumen Mabe cremation of the death ones is a waste ? The experiment that we will make on you will be very important for our nutrition programme - it 's kannibalism ! - I wish we will get stuck in your throat ! Mantis ! - Good luck - See you - Farevell ... I don 't think we will see again - What ? - It 's impossible Impossible ! - It 's against all rules ! It 's unhuman ! I object ! I object ! - Albert don 't leave me alone ! - Max ! - thank you for everything ! - Don 't leave me ! - My friend ! thank you ! - Don 't leave me alone , don 't ! - Don 't leave me ! - Good bye Max ! - Albert , don 't leave me alone , don 't leave me ... . - be breave Max ! - Albert ! - long live men , Max ! - Long live men ! - No no no no no - Stop screaming , mr Paradys ! or i will shut you up ! - And how do you know my name you kannibal ! - Who in 1991 in August left wife with the kid ? - How do you know ? - Because I am the kid ! - My Jadzia ? - Jadzia .. ! - I have nothing to do with you I even changed my last name ! - Yes , you look like mum a little - Don 't even mention mum ! Poor victom of your male crime ! - You , my daughter against daddy ? - And i have carried you on my back Changed your dipers , can 't you remember ? It 's me who gave you the happies moments in your childhood - Childhood i never had ! for you preferred to get hybernated to staying with me and mum Now there is no fathers , and we 'll make sure there never are , understand ? - Jadzia , untie your daddy now , please and apologise - Doctor , the patient is here - I 'm coming - and you , I am leaving for dessert Daddy - No no , it can 't be true ! Somebody pinch me ! - Will i be a woman after that ? Narcosis Great , should i count to 10 ? - Watch him , sister - One , two One two - Scalpel - What is happening here ? - Emergency light ! - Who took my scalpel ? - What ? Are you giving me a dirty one ? Oh , OK - What happened ? - Who is here ? - Auch - Light ! - that 's your panishment , daughter - Light ! - Doctor Jadzia is unconcious ! - The paitient dissapeared ! - Are the door locked ? - I don 't want to be a woman ! - We have no time ! - To the elevator ! - Albert , please ! - I don 't want to be a woman ! - Damn it ! - Be a man ! Wake up ! - Woman , woman ... woman ... . - What are you doing to him ? - you want him to wake up ? - The experiment is finished - God ... . So it worked out anyhow - Of course it did , beautiful ! Even better ! - You can 't imagine the dream i had ! - What dream I had as well , sir ! - What dream was that ? - I dreamt , we woke up in the world without man ! - Just women ? - And imagine they breaded through test-tubes ! - Under the ground ? - How do you know ? - Because it was my dream ! And can you imagine they wanted to emasculate us , pard me - Professor .. what does sience say to such dream coincident - It is very interesting but ... totally impossible - Impossible .. - Nope - How good it was just a dream - oh ... he woke up ! - What a beautiful dream i had ! - come on , all is good come on , Albert ! Don 't cry , Albert ! Come on , Albert ! - Albert stop crying ! - But what is she doing here ? She betrayed us ! - but now she 's helping us escape - Why are you doing this ? - They have taken you and my work from me so they should get nothing ! - But what if they get us again ? - They won 't take us alive ! - We need to get rid of this ! These are identyficators - ojoj - It will hurt a little - We have them ! The signal come from this elevator ! - That 's why we had the signal - What an embarassement ! To let them escape from the table ! we will hear from dr Tekla now ! - Maybe time to think about an asyl , sister - Someone had to help them - Find Lamia Remo for me , please - Maybe you would start working ? ! ? _ come to see , quick ! - Is it you again , Lamia ? What 's the problem ? - Let me in , I think I left my transmitter in there - Come , just fast so they don 't find you here - Just a sec and I 'm out of here - What the .. - Be careful , sister ! you will blow us up ! - I will if you don 't help me Take you clothes off Fast ! - Faster ! - Lamia , what are you doing ? - It will blow up ! - get the clothes off ! - Faces towards the wall ! - turn ! - We 've got signal Lamia Reno , Blockhouse C - So i was right - To Blockhouse C , please - Yes , sister - One moment OK , done - Give us the uniforms , fast ! - We can 't without her majesty 's permission - Plus there is 300 units there today ! - I 'm counting to three ! One - Lamia , come on ! - two ! - But ... . - Lamia ! Open up ! We know you are there ! - Laser ! - Lamia gave us the males back ! - Think whom you are helping ! - It will be too late when we get in there - quicker Lamia - Lamia ! Lamia do you hear me ? Later will be too late ! - Lamia ! - Why isn 't it coming down ? - What is ? - What has happened ? Why isn 't it working ? - Broken ? - What 's wrong ? - They probably gave us the wrong key - What 's wrong ? Why isn 't it working ? - The key is not enough , you also need a password ! - What is it ? - We don 't know ! - Only Her Majesty knows the password ! - It 's a lie ! you want to get more time - Password ! - I give you 5 seconds ! Password ! - Don 't blow us up ! - We really don 't know ! - One , two - Lamia think whom you are helping They are men ! - Why can 't we leave ? - We could peacfully die there - Everything 's ruined - FUCK ! - You made it ! - They knew the password - What does it mean ? - Here - We made it ! - Be brave , Albert ! Be brave ! - Now run quickly - We will die free ! thank you , Lamia Now outside ! - Run with us ! - this is my home Besides , I want to see their faces - You are a great girl , Lamia Thanks for everything - Well ... Two weeks - Think whom you are helping ! It will be too late when we get in there - Don 't move ! - Lamia ! - Lamia do you hear me ? - Come on ! Together ! - We couldn 't stop them ! - She threatened to blow the blockhouse up ! - Who let them in , ha ? - We 'll talk later - Now quick the uniforms They can 't be far - Bravo ! You made you mind up ! First male decision in you life ! - But what now ? - Dessert ! Dessert .. - Dessert ... . - something 's wrong ? - I 'm not sure ... don 't know ! - Are you OK , Max ? - Enough with the underground riddles ! - Oh my ! Waaaa ... . - Be careful ! - Ojoj - Are you alive , Max ? - I 'm not sure yet - It must be some ... security filter ... - Mistification .. Why would they get in so much trouble ? - I think I have been here before - Is that space yet ? - hey be careful ! - Careful there may be radiation ! - Why are you standing there ? - there is no more uniforms - Well ... I 'm following them anyways - I will be in touch ! Should you find more uniforms .. Follow me - Yes sister ! - I have discovered something very weird - I 've got them ! - Forrest ! Green forrerst ! - Be careful , it may be artificial ! - Follow me , Lamia ! - Slow down ! - Do you care where we die ? - We have oxygen for only 2 more minutes - How beautiful ! How beautiful .. it was worth it ! - He went mad ! Max ! Max ! What are ... - Saved ! We are saved ! - Stork ! look ! Stork ! If he is alive than so can we ! Stork ! Storkey ! Take it off ! Lamia take the uniform off and we are going ! There must be a nest ! - No ! No ! No ! - Take it off ! - No No No - Take it off ! You will suffocate ! Do you hear me ? - He is right ! - You will suffocate ! - Trust him ! - Take it off - Leave me alone ! - Listen they went mad , they are suiciders they took uniforms off I 'm following them ! - How could you live with all the draughts ? - What is it ? - Is it your station ? - i don 't know - OK help me up ! higher ! - Are you holding on ? - Oh my ! I can 't believe that ! - What do you see there ? Damn it ! - See for yourselves ! - It must be some blockhouse - Blockhouse ? - Anyone here ? - Maybe we traveled in time ? - Oh God , it 's an illusion ! - Well we are home ! - is that a house from your times ? - Exactly - 2nd half of XX century - Real ! Everything is real ! - Please answer Do you hear me ? - here you go Breakfast is ready Sit at the table - Maybe it 's just a museum ? And all these are just exponats - no ... it 's all nice and fresh - Lamia , here you go - Here - ojojoj you gotten dirty Let me show you You only take little shelf off - It 's just jumped at me ! - yes , well it 's all dirty - Take it off - Coffee coming soon - I din 't know food could be such fun ! - You will meet many more pleasures , darling - Hands up ! you are under arrest in Her Majesty na ... - She is out of oxygen - See with the egg ... . - She 's taken in too seriously - ... the most important is to cut this off ... like that - Don 't be shy ! Albert Mouth to mouth ! - This we can throw out And here you have the yolk - You need a good bed for that ! - I 'm only helping ! - Yeah right , I must have misjudged you .. you looked so quiet Excuse me When the butter melts it 's delishious - I 'm only helping ! - Did i say anything ? - Where am I ? Where is my uniform ? Why are you undressing me ? I want to go back home They will save us ! - they may save you , but us ? Anyways , there is no radiation - What ? How come ? Our measurment systems never fail - If you want to die - do it I 'm leaving - Stay ! you were lied to cheated ! There 's no radiation - Leave me ! - Did you see the plants , animals , birds ? - ... they have breavely died for us Emma Dax from Genetix and Lamia .. - They said we are dead ? it 's ... it 's impossible - See they 've goven up on you too ... from some time we could hear about two males hibernated in 20th Cent - it 's .. it 's .. it 's impossible ! - ... I want to announce that both males were found and de-hybernated There is no denger from their side , though As this morning in a special clinic Archeo we have naturalised them Helping those creatures find themselves in our society It 's them after the operation - What ? - I 'm happy to finally be able ... - They are lying ! - .. what was impossible before because as an organism from a lower level i could be dengerous - I 'm also feeling great and would like to thank the medical sector for such quick ... - Why are they lying so much ? - For some higher ideals - but this is awful ! - Why would they scare everyone - You don 't do it to people They are lying ! - Lying ! I don 't want to , i don 't .. - you don 't want me to touch you ? - Do do no .. i don 't know - Come , we 'll see what is upstairs - Should i touch you or not ? - Yes .. no .. - Who lives here ? Well , what do i care - Should i touch you or not ? - Let 's go , come on - Should i touch you or not ? - I don 't know ! There is too much air in here I want to go back , i don 't want to ... - Calm down ! or i spank you ! - I don 't know what is happening to me - Beautiful Late rocococo - Beautiful - It 's hot today - true , very hot - How nicly cold - Due to the situation we are in and we are here representing two sexes ... we are As a humanist ... I wanted to suggest a return to more traditional method of contact between man and woman - What are you doing ? I 'm an officer - now you aren 't an officer you are a woman - What are you doing ? - Step by step we are approaching the great secret of nature - you are making big .. steps - The last step will be a small step for humam , but for mankind .. may be the greatest - I wanted .. to suggest .. I wanted to suggest making love - Which is ? - See how you know nothing about life - What ? I have 3 university degrees ! - Your degrees ... . simply you have this probes , yes .. and i 'm thinking about a different more direct method .. like .. .. how to explain .. two animals .. like that ... well i love you very much - Love is a stupor which men used to - Oh come here ! - What is it ? - It 's life - Why are they so happy ? - It 's a start of a new world - What if we get baby girls ? - Don 't even say that ! A boy each 9 months well 2 ! and if we get twins ! Damn , it 's all too little - Let go .. we can 't save that world here someone got a nice home - Max we have to make it on mass scale - sexplossion - We will beat them with their own weapons - What do you mean ? - Max ... - What is it ? - Shh an elevator - Where from ? - I heard an elevator - Where ? - Hello my bordies I will feed you soon - You will get some too - Someone drunk from my glass .. Someone sat on my cauch .. Weird - good morning , is Jola home ? - catch her ! catch ! - No no noo - No nooo - Sirs ! - What is that ? - Sirs I 'm begging you ! I will do anything you want ! Please ! Don 't give me away ! - So this is how you rule ? We were almost castrated And you are wearing fake boobs cheater ! - But sirs .. I couldn 't ... I really couldn 't I had to be more absolute than them otherwise they could suspect something - you .. how did you survive it here ? - it 's a very long story - right after the war , when the ligue took over i was 4 years old . The few boys that survived were changed to girls My mum hid me , and so I was growing dressed as a girl Than i started taking part in the Ligue And 10 years ago they chose me as Her Majesty Than i could relax and move in to my mum 's house - but there are tousands of cheated women under the ground They need to be let out - there 's no radiation - It wasn 't as strong as they suspected There was some panic at the beginning and as they started living under ground there was no point in changing it It 's easier to controll them when they are under the ground - What happened to sexual needs ? - Ligue thought of everything A special pill moved it to career needs - So you were there relaxing in stead of by using one chick come back to the normal way of living ? - Even if i wanted ... it .. wouldn 't work out - Why ? - It 's my biggest life drama - what ? - I was always shy with women ! - I 'm simply afraid of them ! - What do we do with him ? He is a guy .. - We won 't give him to these bitches - Right , we make a deal We don 't give you away and can stay here - Ok , guys ! I 'm very happy Feel at home ! You have really showed those women ! I will show you something This is my command center - Beautiful ! - We will rule from here we can swop - Who is there ? - We have 2 chicks with us but but they are also staying ! - 2 ? - Only 2 .. - This is Her Majesty , tomorrow is the day off , I order a national holiday - Invention - Ok , let 's get to work - Be good , have good life - Sleep well my lovly boys You are our hope See you in 9 months The mother nature is on our side ! Hold on in there , boys ! The nature needs to win ! It 's just a matter of time hold on , boys Subtitles : Kasia
