 I 've come for you : - I 'll kill them all to get you : - No ! [ Narrator ] A space-age vampire stalks a lonely space station , and Buck must race to prevent Wilma from joining the ranks of the undead : You stand between me and something I want : - [ Crying Out ] - You were attacked by corpses : [ Buck ] Something somewhere is draining their souls : - Wilma : - It felt so good : Wilma , no ! [ Growling ] [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : Leaving stargate : Destination on screen : Punching in coordinates : Engaging autopilot : - And that 's it : - That 's it : I tell you , Wilma : You ought to get one of these for yourself : Well , it 's one thing to get one : It 's another to have time to enjoy it : What about the controls in the shuttle compartment ? They 're exactly identical to these : - You see , you 're learning to fly two ships for the price of one : - Yeah : Coming up on Theta Station : Prepare for docking : Oh , thank goodness : [ Chirping ] I heard that : Twiki , are you still upset because you 're not going to visit Genesia with us ? Who , me ? After all , Twiki , the last time you and Hieronymus Fox got together , he almost punched out your capacitors : [ Chirping ] Kid can 't take a joke : [ Wilma ] Besides , you really need to get that faulty microdisc of yours repaired , and Theta Station is the best compufacturing facility in the quadrant : Yeah , you don 't want to go blowing a tube next time you 're out boogie-ing with your girlfriend Tina , do you ? [ Chirping ] Gimme a break , will ya ? [ Indistinct Chatter ] [ Chirping ] Uh-oh : Whoops ! [ Chirping ] Whee ! So , I finally get to meet the Buck Rogers : Wilma has told me so much about you , I feel like I 've known you for centuries : - Yes , well , she 's warned me about you as well : - Oh ? How are you , Commander Royko ? I 'm good : It 's nice to see you again , Wilma : [ Chirping ] Oh , uh , this is our ambu-quad , Twiki : You 'll be working on him while we 're gone : [ Chirping ] Give me five , my man : Yes , of course : Be cool , big daddy : He 's not exactly your average ambu-quad , is he ? - No , he isn 't : - Hmm : How long did Dr : Huer say he 'd be with us ? Five days : That should be more than enough time to repair that faulty disc : Uh , actually , I think I could get it done right now : - Then you wouldn 't have to leave him here : - No : We wouldn 't want to rush it : Besides , who knows ? We may get tired of Genesia ... all that luxury and entertainment ... and we might just come back for him early : You know what " fat chance " means , bub ? Commander ? Repeat : Station to craft : Do you read ? - How long have you been tracking it ? - Since it left the stargate , sir : The computer can 't identify it , and I can 't seem to raise it on subspace : You better keep trying , because if it doesn 't change course , it 's gonna hit us : Theta Station to approaching craft : Do you read ? Station to craft : Come in , please : ! You are on a collision course with Theta Station : Modify your course and acknowledge : Approaching craft , please acknowledge : ! It 's no use : It 's gonna hit : Divert as much power as possible to the meteor deflectors in Sectors " G , " " H " and " l : " Secure the sectors : [ Man Over Intercom ] Alert : ! Alert : ! Collision imminent : ! Evacuate Sectors " G , ' " " H , ' " " l : ' " Collision imminent : Alert : ! Alert : ! Collision imminent : Alert : ! Alert : ! Stand by for impact : All code red units move to Sector " H " with emergency equipment : Emergency : Emergency : Code red units report to Sector " H : ' " [ Wilma ] It 's embedded itself right into the station : Fortunately , our exterior hull has a self-repairing core , so we 're in no danger of losing our atmosphere to space : However , internal atmospheric integrity has been lost : Which means the air from that ship ... wherever it came from , whatever it 's carrying ... is mixing with ours : The damage has been done : All we can do is assess it : - Need any help , Commander ? - All I can get : You 've got it : Doc , what about casualties ? None : This sector was cleared just in time : [ Device Beeping ] - Dr : Ecbar , Colonel Wilma Deering , Captain Buck Rogers : - Hello , Doc : Scanners show any life-forms aboard ? I can 't be sure of my readings : Could be some form of magnetic field interfering : Sounds like the best thing we can do is go down and take a look : Commander , if you 're afraid of contamination , we 've already been exposed : - We have nothing to lose by going inside : - You 're right , of course : Put this on : Twiki , you wait here till we get back , all right ? You don 't have to tell me twice : Class " G " cargo freighter : About 20 , 30 years old , from the look of it : This looks like it must be the crew 's quarters : The bridge must be above us and to the right : Hold it : - [ Dr : Ecbar ] Servo drone : - We 'll pick it up later : Let 's go : Technically , the hull seems to be secure : Here we go : Doc , number one : [ Device Beeping ] Here 's number two ! Doc , you better take a look at this : Well , we found number three : I think it 's more like number nine : I found a whole sick bay full of bodies back there : You think some kind of disease is responsible for this ? [ Sighs ] I 'm gonna have to declare a quarantine : Until we find out exactly what it is we 're dealing with here , no one leaves or enters the station : I 'm sorry , Buck , Wilma : We understand : Well , from the looks of things , she was the last to go : Maybe this will tell us what happened here : [ Rewinding ] This is the log of the l : S : Demeter , bound for Tazwell : : : With eight crew , one passenger , returning from Deneb 5 , having delivered a shipment ofbarbarite : [ Rewinding ] Log update : 52 hours from Stargate 9 : The passenger , Helson , has been found dead in his quarters : Cause of death unknown : His servo drone , some sort of personal data storage unit , was found beside him , deactivated : [ Rewinding ] [ Woman ] Update : Thirty-seven hours from Stargate 9 : Now three crew members are dead : Cause unknown : The rest of the crew is tense , irritable : We 're experiencing some power shortages in some areas of the ship : No explanation : [ Rewinding ] Twenty-four hours from Stargate : Two more dead : : : After exhibiting bizarre behavior : : : And suffering hallucinations : The paramed thinks the deaths are due to EL-7 , although I 'm certain we decontaminated properly when we left Deneb 5 : [ Rewinding ] Seventeen hours from Stargate : The paramed 's dead : There are only two of us left , and we 've got to stick together : I 've set the autopilot for Stargate 9 : It 's the only thing we can do : [ Rewinding ] Pearson is dead : And now it 's after me : And it 's coming ! Stay away ! Please : Who are you ? No ! Please , no ! [ Rewinds , Stops ] What is EL-7 ? Virus : It was rampant in the Deneb system till they discovered a vaccine : [ Sighs ] It 's highly contagious and works fast : Fever , mental deterioration , hallucinations , convulsions , death : She wasn 't hallucinating : - She was terrified : - What do you say , Doc ? - I 'm sorry : - Do you think it is EL-7 ? I can 't tell without running more tests : But we 'd best assume the worst : I have serum here to counteract the virus , but I 'll need more : If it 's not already too late : Start inoculating with what you got , Doc : I 'm gonna contact Earth for more serum : Hey : Wilma , you okay ? Mm-hmm : Fine : Why don 't you go down to the lounge and get something to eat : I 'll join you there later , all right ? Sure : Uh ... Um ... Twiki , go pick up that servo drone and take it back to my cabin : See if you can get it working again : [ Chirping ] Maybe it can tell us something about what went on on the Demeter : [ Chirping ] I better start the inoculations : Doc , wait : You aren 't telling us everything , are you ? It sounds ... What ? Crazy ? Look , Doc : You 're not hallucinating : No virus works that fast , and you know it : Now , tell me : The people on this ship are not dead : They 're not alive , of course , but they 're not dead either : It 's as if their spirit , the energy force , if you will , is drained from them : These discolorations ... They 're on all the bodies : Are you trying to tell me these people are victims of some kind of vampire ? Vampire ? I don 't understand : I 'm not sure I do either , Doc : It doesn 't like me : That 's all there is to it : If it 's possible for a botanical organism to feel , then this plant knows hate : Come now , Doctor : Surely you 're overstating the matter : No , I don 't think so : I fed it : I watered it : I 've done everything Buck told me to do when he gave it to me : I 've even begun to talk to it : And this is how it shows me its gratitude : [ Woman On Intercom ] Subspace message coming in from Theta station , Dr : Huer : [ Theo ] That must be Buck and Colonel Deering : Maybe you better hide the plant : Oh ! Good heavens ! Well , hello , Buck , Colonel Deering : Are you enjoying your trip ? Not quite , Doc : We stopped over on Theta Station : : : To drop Twiki off for repairs , and now the whole place : : : Has been quarantined for something called EL-7 : EL-7 ? Is the station 's medical complex working on a vaccine ? There 's some on the way : It should be here within 24 hours : Look , Doc : Would you do me a favor ? The quarantine was caused by a freighter , the l : S : Demeter , colliding with the space station : There 's something not quite kosher about it : For one thing , a small drone in the freighter : : : Was shut down for some reason other than EL-7 : Yeah , Twiki 's trying to repair it now : Listen , Doc : The drone belonged to a passenger named Helson ... William Helson of New London : Could you run an l : D : Scan on him and get me the data back as soon as possible ? No problem at all , Buck : Great : You can contact us through Commander Royko 's office : Rogers out : Well , if you have no objections , Doctor , I 'll take you down to the data banks where you can locate that information for them : No objections at all , Dr : Huer : Oh , if I might make a suggestion , perhaps you 'd consider having an agro-drone : : : Come and look at your rather depressed piece of flora : Dr : Theopolis , I 'm surprised at you : Buck left that plant in my care : Bringing in an agro-drone would be a blatant admission : : : That I can 't cope with Buck 's 20th-century naturalism : - Yes , sir : When would you like the drone to look at it ? - Immediately : How do you like your food discs ... fried or sautéed ? I 'm not very hungry : Well , I can 't say that I blame you : Sautéed food discs are not exactly my cup of tea either : You know , that 's the fourth joke you haven 't even smiled at : You 're doing terrible things to my self-confidence : I 'm sorry : I don 't understand why I feel this way : Ever since we entered that freighter , for the first time in my life : : : I could feel death as a tangible presence : I wasn 't gonna : : : Say anything about this till we had more evidence , but , uh , Dr : Ecbar : : : Feels that those bodies on board that ship are not really dead : He thinks they 're in some kind of cellular suspension : I think a being , not a disease , is responsible : Maybe that 's what you 're picking up on somehow : Or maybe just the effects of EL-7 : No , no , no : Don 't even start thinking like that : I 'll get you another drink : [ Shuddering ] [ Shuddering Continues ] Here we go : What ? This is Dr : Ecbar : Please page Commander Royko : : : And have him join me at sick bay : What are you doing here ? Who are you ? Who are you ? [ Grunting ] Stay away ! Dr : Ecbar just paged me : I 'm on my way to sick bay : You care to join me ? Sure : Oh , my God : Is he dead ? [ Royko ] The disease must have reached its critical stage right after he called for me : How can you be so sure it was a disease ? He may have been attacked : Will you wake up , Rogers ? Look at his body : He died of cellular disruption , like the others : How do you explain those discolorations on his neck ? I can 't explain them : Neither could he : He told me about your theory : Vampires ? [ Shuddering ] You keep them to yourself , Captain : [ Shuddering Continues ] Well , your passenger , Helson , was a bounty hunter from Cygnus 5 : : Specializing in alien fugitives : A guy like that can make a lot of professional enemies : Yes : Well , here 's the curious part , however : Helson only became a bounty hunter in the last five years : Before that , he was an agro-station farmer : : : Until his wife and family died under rather mysterious circumstances : How , uh ... [ Shudders ] Mysterious ? Well , they died in a shuttle accident : Their bodies were never recovered : Helson was the only survivor , so he was tried : : : And acquitted for their murder : But afterwards , he vowed vengeance on what he said killed them ... something called a " vorvon : " [ Buck ] Vorvon ? What kind oflanguage is that from ? [ Dr : Huer ] Dr : Theopolis is continuing his computer search right now : Great : Thanks , Doc : Try to get back to us as soon as possible , okay ? Rogers out : [ Theo ] I can 't get over it , Dr : Huer : The agro-drones told me there was no hope for that plant : But you managed to nurse it back to full health : I didn 't know you had it in you : [ Chuckles ] Yes , well , thank you : You , uh , purchased a new one , didn 't you ? Yes , I did : Well , one philodendron looks rather like any other philodendron : At least , I certainly hope so : Let 's hope Buck thinks so : Helson may be the key : I 'm gonna go back to the cabin and see how Twiki 's coming along with the repairs on that drone : I think he may be able to tell us what really happened to the crew on board the Demeter : [ Shuddering ] Are you okay ? I was thinking ... Buck , have I been acting rationally ? Of course you have : You don 't have EL-7 : There has to be another explanation : A psychotic killer ? I think I 'd prefer EL-7 : That 's the Wilma I know : Glad you think so : I 'm not even sure I recognize myself : Boo : ! Bright , Twiki : Really bright : [ Chirping ] I 'm sorry , Buck : Apology accepted : Did you get this thing fixed ? Yep , I got the little twerp fixed : How 's it work ? Top button on the left : All right : Now we 're gettin ' someplace : We are ? Yeah : This has to be the last thing the drone recorded for Helson : So , after all these years : : : We meet face-to-face , Vorvon : [ Chirping ] Who 's he talking to ? Quiet , Twiki : Quiet : - You killed my family : - Mmm : He 's hallucinating : Royko was right : It was EL-7 : But this ... Stop ! That wasn 't a hallucination : If you die , I die ... [ Groaning ] [ Groaning Continues ] He sure wasn 't killed by the flu : No , he certainly wasn 't : He was murdered : : : By something invisible to electronic surveillance : A vorvon ? He was using something to ward it off : I 'm gonna go back on board that ship and find it : I 'll be right back : [ Chirping ] I hope so : [ Clattering ] You stand between me and something I want very much : Don 't worry : This won 't be very painful : [ Wailing ] Take it from him : ! [ Hissing ] [ Alarm Sounding ] [ Hissing ] [ Groaning ] Take it easy , Buck : You 're all right : Hey : Don 't try to sit up : How do you feel ? [ Groaning ] Like I just went the distance with Mohammed Ali : They 're here : Ecbar and the people from that ship ... They 're the ones who attacked me : You were attacked by corpses ? None of them were really dead : Ecbar was right : Something or someone is draining their souls : Making them into puppets : Look , Commander , I must be bruised over every square inch of my body : Are you gonna try to tell me that I hallucinated a fight with these people ? Convulsions and blackouts are pretty common with EL-7 : Twiki ! I 'll get him to bring that servo drone : We 'll play its recording for you : [ Chirping ] Uh-oh : Oh , no : He got to it : [ Chirping ] I only left it for a minute : Commander , you can believe what you want : I don 't really care : All I want right now is an aspirin : I got a headache that goes all the way down to my toes : He 's asking for a painkiller : I 'll get it : Look , Buck , I 'm responsible for this station : I 've got a hundred people under me : It 's my job to know what 's going on around here : El-7 is the only thing that makes any sense : Yeah , well , I 'm gonna contact Earth again : Maybe Dr : Huer can come up with something else that makes sense : Okay : You do that : Meanwhile , I 've got some unpleasant work to do : Just before we found you , I was told they 'd discovered three bodies in Sector " G : " - What 's that ? - Well , if my hunch is right , the 25th-century equivalent of the cross : I 'm gonna go back to my cabin and use the vid-phone : I 'll go with you : That 's all right , Wilma : I 'll be fine : I 'll meet you later in the lounge , all right ? Okay : [ Dr : Huer ] According to Dr : Theopolis 's computer scan , the word " vorvon " originated on a planet : : : In the Rumaine star system , and it refers to , uh ... [ Chuckles ] Go ahead and spit it out , Doc : I asked for it , remember ? Yes , well , it refers to a half-dead creature : : : Who drains the living soul from its victims : - A space-age vampire : - It 's only a myth , you know : Don 't I wish : Did you come up with anything in your research to explain what this is ? Yes : It 's an ancient power lock : Legend has it that it 's the only thing that will ward off a vorvon : Except it doesn 'tjust seem to be a legend , does it ? No , it doesn 't : I 've seen it , Doc : That 's him : [ Dr : Huer ] It 's said that it only appears in this form to its intended victims : Buck , I 'm going to dispatch a fighter squadron to Theta Station immediately : Now , Doc , by the time they 'd get here , it 'd be too late : Well , I can hardly sit here while you and Colonel Deering ... Doc , there just isn 't time : Now , according to the legend , is there any way to destroy one of these creatures ? The power lock can hurt it momentarily , but the only thing that can destroy it is a tremendous overload of power : Just like Dracula couldn 't stand the light of day : Creating an explosion that large on a space station is , of course , out of the question : Light of day : Doc , I 've got an idea : Well , I was rather hoping you 'd say that : Rogers out : I 've had better conversations with a Roto-Rooter , you know : All right : In order to leave , Mr : Vorvon , you 're gonna have to take the first ship in launch position : This one : And when you do , you 're gonna be in for a little surprise : They don 't call ' em stargates for nothin ' : [ Chirping ] Now what ? I 've come for you : - What 's with you ? - Twiki , don 't you see him ? I want you : [ Twiki ] See who ? [ Vorvon ] You 're the only one I want : Twiki , can 't you hear him ? I 'll kill them all to get you : No : Leave ' em alone : Leave me alone ! [ Twiki Chirping ] Wilma : ! Buck ? Buck ? Buck ! [ Gasping ] You may come to me now : No ! Buck : ! Buck : ! Royko : ! Buck ! Royko ! Buck : ! Now you 're all mine : - Stay away from her : - Aah ! Wilma : ! Watch it : ! Drop it , Buck : ! - What ? Commander , I ... - I said , drop it : - Look , Commander ... - Stay where you are : Commander , the creature , the vorvon ... It was after me ! Buck scared it off : I 'm sorry , Buck : I know it 's not your fault : It 's the virus : But you 're becoming dangerous : I can 't have you running around loose on this station : Commander , if you lock me up , it 'll kill all of us : Please , Commander , you don 't understand what you 're doing ! Commander , listen to me : ! Please : ! This is serious : ! Please ! Commander , you 're making a mistake ! He was telling the truth ! Something did attack me : I 'm sure you believe that : [ Sighs ] I 'm really sorry , Wilma , but your friend has become a danger to us all : And so have you : I 'm not gonna lock you up with him , but , uh , I will have to confine you to quarters : Sure : Maybe I am dreaming all this : I don 't know : Maybe it is up to me to end this nightmare : Come on : Let 's get some rest : [ Beeps ] It 's okay , Buck : It 's only a sedative : It 'll make you feel better : No , Commander : Before you use that thing , just do me one favor : Just one : Please talk to Dr : Huer : Just talk to him : [ Gasps ] That 's right : There 's no need to run : You 'll let them go ... Buck , Royko ? You won 't hurt them ? Once I have you , I 'll need no one else for a long , long time : [ Shuddering ] [ Whispering ] Buck ? Buck , can you hear me ? Wilma : You all right ? There is an alien on board ... a vorvon : I know : Wilma ... How 'd you get past the guards ? Oh , I drained them : Stole their essence : It felt so good : It was so easy : Wilma , no ! Oh , yes : Plead with me : I like the taste of fear best of all : [ Screaming ] You tricked me ! Wilma , please , let me help you : I don 't want your help ! I like being this way : ! I wanna stay this way ! Wilma ... I 've failed ! Buck knows about us now : Tell me what to do : Nothing more we can do : There are other worlds ... ripe , living worlds ... that can be ours for the taking : Think of it ... millions of souls withering in your hands : Remember how sweet their fear can taste ? How strong it makes you feel ? Yes ! Oh , yes ! What happened to her ? The vorvon got to her : Come on : We 've got to go after her : Wait a minute : I may need this : [ Hissing ] [ Screaming ] That 's it : Let 's go ! Wilma ! [ Chuckles ] You 'd better alert Security : We 're gonna need reinforcements : Come on ! So much for reinforcements : Let 's go ! You know how to operate this ship ? Yes : He showed me how : Considerate of him , wasn 't it ? [ Man Over Intercom ] Security to Corridor 12 , Sector " A : ' " Too late : They 've gone : Commander , we 've got to stop them : Relax , Buck : I 'll send a squadron after them : You don 't understand : I booby-trapped my ship : If we don 't stop ' em before they get to the stargate , they 'll both die : Starfighter in pursuit : The fools : Destroy it : It could be Buck : I said , destroy it : ! L ... I ... No : No : No ! [ Screaming ] [ Gasping , Gagging ] What 's happening ? Wilma ? Wilma , can you hear me ? - Buck , I 've lost control of the ship ! - I 've preprogrammed the guidance computer : You 're gonna crash right into that star if you don 't hit the " separate ' " switch in front of you : You 'll have 20 seconds to get back into the shuttle compartment before the ship divides : - Now , hurry : ! - [ Vorvon Screaming ] [ Gagging ] Buck , it 's been a nightmare : I feel so ashamed : Forget it , Wilma : It 's over : Let 's go home : Well , for a man just recently returned from the undead , you 're looking pretty good , Doc : Thank you , I think : When the vorvon was destroyed , all his victims were freed : : : From their state of cellular suspension : I feel rather like that Lazarus person you told me about , Buck : Yes , well , thank you for checking in , Commander : I 'll speak with you again later : Huer out : Well , I don 't know about you people , but I 'm starved : If anybody 's interested , dinner 's on me : - Well , thank you : - We 'd love to : Good : Uh , you know , there is one thing I 'm curious about : - Yes , what is it ? - Uh , maybe you could tell me : : : How that India rubber plant turned into a Ficus benjamina : You know , I 've been raising plants for years , and I 've never been able to do that :
