 I 've lived without light for 15 years all because of Elias Huer : [ Narrator ] Buck 's birthday party becomes a setting for murder : : : When a man with a touch of death plots a terrible revenge on Dr : Huer : What you 're afraid might happen to me is something like this : - Buck , what is going on ? - Traeger , you 're alive : - Dr : Huer , Wilma , get away from him : - You want me , hero ? You come and get me : [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : - How 's that , Twiki ? - [ Chirping ] A little to the right : - That better ? - Solid : Well , as someone said , you 're never more nostalgic than for the things you once knew and have no more : [ Chirping ] Who said that ? Me : [ Door Beeping ] Hi , Buck : Good evening , Buck : Hi , Wilma , Dr : Huer : Ooh : Say , what 's this ? [ Buck ] Just a change of scenery : With these four walls ... it was beginning to feel like solitary confinement in here : Well , why didn 't you say something ? We could 've had some windows put in : Why bother ? It all looks the same : With the city 's climate control , nothing ever changes around here : You know , I feel sorry for you people : You 'll never know the joy of discovering a sunset that just happens ... a pale hint of mauve : Everything is programmed , even your climate : You know , no fall , no spring , no rain , no snow ... no nothing : It 's always the same : I went outside today , I couldn 't believe it was January : It is January , isn 't it ? Yes : January 7 : Uh , Buck , Dr : Huer and I were on our way to see the new holographic dance troupe : Would you like to join us ? Hmm ? Uh , no : No , thank you , Wilma : I , uh , think I 'll pass : I don 't feel like going out tonight : Well , good night : Olvion Immigration Patrol to Terran starfighter : Decelerate immediately : Repeat : Decelerate immediately : Acknowledge : I do not read , Patrol : Lieutenant Traeger , you 're under arrest : Your departure from Olvion was unauthorized : Surrender or be destroyed : Then destroy me : I 've spent 15 years on your stinking planet , and the only way I 'm going back is in a box : Traeger out : : : For good : [ Explosion ] Come on , you old bucket , get me through that stargate , and then you can quit on me : Break off pursuit and return to base : He could be a million parsecs away by now and probably is : [ Exhales Deeply ] You 'll do : Survey vessel : Attention : Attention , survey vessel : This is a priority blue distress code : Repeat : Priority blue : My starboard defense shield is down , my star drive is dead : Can you assist ? Starfighter , this is Capellan survey ship 077 : I 'm locking you in on a tractor beam : Prepare for docking : Buck 's been moping around like that for days : I 've done everything short of kidnapping him to get him out of his apartment : Well , I 'm afraid Twiki was right : He 's depressed about his upcoming birthday : But I don 't understand what 's bothering him : We all get older : Why , he 's in better shape than a man half his age : There are no men half his age : [ Laughs ] But then again , his birthday is probably making him feel more homesick than ever for the 20th century : Technically speaking , this birthday is his 534th : An unfortunate way to be reminded of just how displaced in time he really is : Well , good evening , Theo : How are things on the front home ? Home front : Ah : Home front : Whatever : A message from Lieutenant Garth at Security Directorate : He 's coming over from the New Detroit Complex : He seems to think it 's quite urgent : Lieutenant Garth thinks everything is urgent : Every time they perceive even the slightest hint of danger to my well-being , they expect me to live my life behind a force field : Nonetheless , he should be here momentarily : Of course , of course : Well , be that as it may , what are we going to do about Buck ? [ Chirping ] How about a surprise party ? That 's not a bad idea : A party would make him feel a little less alone and more part of our world : Indeed it might : Well , you know most of his friends : Why don 't you make the necessary arrangements ? Yes : Let 's see : Now , there 's , um , Jen , Joella , Marla , Alison , Tangie , Falina ... Mm : Miss Cosmos : I do believe that there is a pattern emerging here : - Apparently : - Hmm : [ Intercom Beeps ] Lieutenant Garth has arrived : Well , let 's get this over with : Three days ago , this man , a Capellan ship captain , was found under restraint in the storage compartment of his ship : : : In the New Detroit Spaceport : He was delirious due to systemic poisoning : He remained alive for about 12 hours after he was found : As you may know , Dr : Huer , all Capellans are crude telepaths : And this one must 've found out something he wasn 't supposed to know , and the person whose mind he read killed him for it : Most of what he said was unintelligible , but one thing was clear ... whatever attacked him is also planning some sort of action against you : Who , Lieutenant ? Someone claiming to be the ship 's captain , who brought the vessel back to port and disappeared without a trace : And we believe that he 's responsible for the real captain 's unique condition : What exactly is his condition ? Captain Querlu seems to have experienced a bizarre form of molecular transmutation : Half of his body has been changed to pure silicon : And I take it , Lieutenant , that , uh , what you 're afraid might happen to me is something like this : - Mm-hmm : - Mm-hmm : Well , I sincerely appreciate your concern , but I hardly think the ravings of a delirious alien are any cause for alarm : But , Dr : Huer , please ... Now , now , Lieutenant : Now , let 's be reasonable : I don 't even know any Capellans : Why would one try to kill me ? May I help you ? I would like to see Dr : Bayliss : Do you have an appointment ? No , but I 'm certain she would want to see me : I 'm sorry : The doctor 's schedule is full for the day : The earliest an appointment can be arranged is one week from tomorrow : - I 'm afraid that 's not convenient : - What do you think you 're doing ? [ Woman 's Voice Over Quad ] This is Dr : Bayliss : Please sit back : Take a deep breath , sit back and relax : Take a deep breath and relax : [ Woman ] Doctor , I have a newjob with added responsibilities : [ Woman # 2 ] I 'm afraid to leave this planet : I think it 's these dreams I 've been having , Doctor : They depress me terribly : [ Dr : Bayliss ] You want to go on with that , Miss Bennet ? Well ... [ Sighs ] [ Women Continue Chattering ] In these dreams , my mother is still alive , and she 's always telling me I was an accident , that I surprised her and Daddy : What do you think that means , Doctor ? [ Women Continue Chattering ] Who are you ? How did you get in here ? You 'll find that your reception quad has malfunctioned , Doctor : I took advantage of the opportunity : Who are you ? I 'm surprised , Delora : After all the time we 've spent together ... Of course , it 's been a long while ... a very long while : What are you talking about ? I have never treated a Capellan before in my life : And it 's Dr : Bayliss , if you don 't mind : [ Chuckles ] Traeger ? Cornel Traeger ? But they said you were dead : No : Almost , but not quite : Where have you been , Corey ? What brings you back here after all these years ? I had to see you , Delora : I need some information about Elias Huer : When I left , he was with the Science Directorate , the Space Exploration Division : He 's with Defense now : He 's in charge of the entire Directorate : Oh , is he really ? [ Chuckles ] That 's good : That 's really good : - What else ? - Corey , I don 't believe this : It 's been 15 years ... not a word from you : After all , you were only a patient : I don 't have time to play games , Delora , so I won 't : You have quite a few patients in the government , don 't you ? Yes , but what has that ... And you have all sorts of ways : : : Of extracting information from their minds without their knowing about it , don 't you ? Extortion ... is that it , Corey ? It 's obvious you didn 't come back for further treatment : All right : How much ? Five thousand ? Fifteen thousand credits ? I spend that much in a week on incidentals : Here : It 's yours ... if you forget we ever knew each other : Same old Delora ... always more interested in money than anything : And I see you 've finally put your psych skills to more lucrative use : How nice : [ Sizzling ] That looks like andracite ... diamonds ... elysium : There must be millions there : But how did you ... A little trick I picked up on Olvion : That 's where I 've been staying : Trick ? That 's nothing less than matter transmutation ... molecular reorganization : Call it what you like , so long as you understand the implication : I can do the same to organic as well as inorganic material : We 'll be hiding in Buck 's apartment , he 'll come home , turn on the lights : : : And we 'll yell , " Surprise : " Except he 'll find the apartment complex swarming with Security Directorate agents : I don 't know why I ever agreed to this extra security in the first place : You didn 't have a choice : Yes : But I think it will undermine the element of surprise in Buck 's party : The Directorate guards are very discreet : Not only will you not see them , but neither will Buck : Now , our problem is we 've gotta figure some way : : : To keep Buck out of his apartment for at least two hours : Uh , Dr : Huer , it 'll thrive : All you need is the right kind of plant food : I see : Oh , hi , Buck ! Oh , hi : Wilma : Dr : Huer : Uh , there 's a rumor floating around the Directorate having to do with an attempt on your life : - Anything I can do to help ? - Oh , no : No , thank you , Buck , very much , but it 's being taken care of : The Security Directorate is handling it : Actually , we 'rejust making up a schedule of my itinerary for the next two weeks : It 'll be delivered this afternoon by an l : A : C : That 's an interagency courier : And then the Security Directorate will deploy a group of bodyguards to guard me round the clock : Corey , you 've changed : It 's not just the power : When I was treated you as a ... as a patient , I thought I understood you thoroughly : But you ... you 're different : Of course I 've changed ! No one could go through the hell I 've been through and not be changed ! And it 's all because of Elias Huer ! You see , shortly after I joined the Exploration Division , Huer sent me into space : " A routine space exploration mission , " he said : But I was shot down over a planet no one ever heard of : Yeah : There was a reason for that : The hostility of the natives to outworlders was frightening : They found me guilty of espionage , locked me away : : : 12 kilometers below the surface : Eventually they forgot about me : You wonder why I wear these ? It 's because I 've lived without light for 15 years ! You can 't imagine what that 's like : But you survived : Yes , because I lived like an animal ! I became like one of them : There must have been some natural element that gave them the power ... in the water or the atmosphere : The Olvions could change things too : Whatever they touched would become whatever they wanted it to be : And after a few years on their world , I could do it too : And you used the power to escape , to come back here : Yes , for my justice ! Is there any wonder after 15 years that I would want that ? When I realize how full Huer 's life has been : : : And how really empty mine has been ... all the years that he stole from me : Oh , I ... I can change credits into gemstones , but I can 't change the past : Nothing can do that : But I can change Huer 's future : I can take it away from him , and you are going to help me do it : [ Dr : Huer ] Ah , Ms : Meritt : Right on schedule : Reporting for briefing , sir : Yes : Raylyn Meritt , this is Buck Rogers : How do you do ? Hello : The mind-implantation procedure will take place at 1600 hours : Colonel Deering here will supervise : After the implantation is completed , you will go to the Security Directorate Headquarters at the New Detroit Complex : - Implantation ? - Captain Rogers is new here : Oh : Well , you see , Captain Rogers , top-secret data is implanted directly into an l : A : C : ' s subconscious : Then when I arrive at my destination , Security extracts it from my mind with a psych probe : I never know the nature of the information : Which makes it difficult to get out : Cute : What is ? Uh , I mean , um , " Interesting : " Mm : Uh , Buck , uh , you said you wanted to help : Would you mind escorting Ms : Meritt into the New Detroit Complex ... just to doubly ensure her safe arrival : Really , Dr : Huer , I don 't think that 's necessary : I 've handled dozens of assignments on my own : Ah , I realize it 's an irregular procedure , but under the circumstances , it would make me more comfortable : Well , if you insist : Please excuse me then : I 'll go prepare for the implantation : Uh , do you know how to find the laboratory ? Buck , would you mind showing Ms : Meritt the laboratory ? No , not at all , Doc : [ Door Closes ] That was the sneakiest thing I have ever seen : Yes : Thank you : But at least now we know he won 't be in his apartment for a few hours , don 't we ? Mm-hmm : He may not show up at all : Yeah : [ Chuckles ] [ Dr : Bayliss ] You don 't actually expect me to help you kill Huer : ! Need I remind you of my special abilities , Delora ? I can either kill you or make you very rich : The choice is yours : You 've already treated several key Directorate personnel : You must be able to tell me something : He knows his life is in danger : What ? But he doesn 't know you 're the danger : Oh : It must be the Capellan captain : He lingered on longer than I 'd anticipated : You 're certain of this ? It comes from a very secure source : The Security Directorate is sending an l : A : C : To pick up Huer 's itinerary : Once they get that , he 'll be guarded 24 hours a day : Actually , that makes things simpler for us : You can 't get close to Huer , Corey ... not unless you know where to find him : And that 's exactly what will be in the head of the courier : So ? So , these analysis chairs : : : Examine my patients conscious thought-processes during a psych-session ... This one : : : Has been modified : This one examines the subconscious : Like a psych probe ? Not as sophisticated , not as fast , but it works on the same principle , yes : I can anticipate Huer 's every move : I can eliminate him at whatever time is most convenient , because we can extract the information about his schedule from the l : A : C : ' s mind : : : Just as the Security Directorate would do : Exactly : Then all we have to do is intercept that courier : [ Machine Clicking , Beeping ] [ Warbles , Stops ] Data for day 13 assimilated : Okay : Let 's finish up then : [ Warbles , Begins Beeping ] [ Warbles , Stops ] Implantation completed : Good : We 're finished : - [ Exhales Deeply ] - You okay ? I told you : I 've done this dozens of times : I 'm used to it : I certainly don 't need to be chaperoned by Captain Rogers : All we 're asking you to do is to bring Buck back to his apartment when your assignment is completed : Think of it as a favor to the Directorate ... one for which we 'll be glad to pay you generously : Look , Colonel , I 'm a government courier , not a ... That 's all we 're asking : Besides , I think you 'd enjoy Buck 's company : I understand from your personnel file : : : That you used to work at the Earth Archives , and you have an interest in history , so you and Buck should have a lot to talk about : What Captain Rogers is an historian ? Yes , in a manner of speaking : Let me explain : Hmm : All set : Good : Ms : Meritt , you 'll be escorted to the Security Directorate Headquarters : : : By two of their men , Marsden and Niles : They 'll contact you at the restaurant on the Federal Concourse at 1900 hours : They 'll come to your table and identify themselves as security escort detail : The code identification will be " Blue 11 : " Any questions ? No , sir : After you , Ms : Meritt : Raylyn : We can make it to the Detroit Complex in time for dinner : You 'll love the restaurant , Buck : Did she agree to bring him back to the apartment ? Well , she was a little resistant at first , but once I explained why , uh , talking her into it ... Was a piece of cake : [ Chuckles ] Corey , these are my assistants , Rorvik and Carew : Cornel Traeger : My informant has confirmed the news : They 're sending Raylyn Meritt , their most experienced courier : She 's due here within the complex within the hour : - Will she be a problem ? - Not for us : Are you certain of your information ? Corey , you worry too much : My man works inside the Communications office of the Security Directorate itself : He is totally reliable : You have your uniforms ? Good : Good : The men you 're posing as ... Niles and Marsden : We meet the Meritt woman in the restaurant , escort her to the turbolift in the Federal Building ... only we take her to the sublevel : Corey will meet you there : Excellent : Here are your synthaflesh masks : They 've been prepared to duplicate Niles 's and Marsden 's faces exactly : If there 's nothing else ... Let 's get to work : [ Chattering ] You know , Raylyn , when Dr : Huer first asked me to go along with you , you didn 't seem exactly thrilled with the idea : What changed your mind ? Well , before I joined the l : A : C : Corps , I used to be a record-keeper with the archives : And when I heard you were from the 20th century ... Oh , you know about that , huh ? Yes : Colonel Deering told me something about it : Anyway , I 've always been fascinated by that era : It seemed like such an exciting time to live in : Prohibition , the first moon landing : Milton Berle , Benny Goodfellow : Uh , man : What ? Benny Goodman : Oh : And you 're putting a lot of things together that happened at different times ... most of them before I was born : Well , I 'm told our records aren 't very accurate : Mm : Oh , I see : So that 's it ? You just decided you 'd pick my brains a little , huh ? Pick your brains ? Uh , get some firsthand information : Well , maybe at first , but , uh , you know : Yeah : Well , you 're helping me get my head into a better place and for that I 'm grateful : It 's sweet of you to say that , Buck , but : : : I don 't see that I 'm really doing anything : Sure you are : Ms : Meritt ? Agents Marsden and Niles : We 're to escort you to Security : Who 's he ? Um , this is ... I 'm just a friend : [ Sighs ] Well , we may be a while : It 's all right : I 'm a slow eater : [ Chuckles ] Okay : [ Dr : Huer 's Voice ] They 'll come to your table , identify themselves as security escort detail : [ Dr : Huer 's Voice ] The identification code is " Blue 11 : ' " Wait a minute : There was an identification code ... Blue 11 : Where 's your code disc ? - Who are you guys ? - Get her into the turbolift : [ Hisses ] [ Turbolift Whirring ] She knew : Some guy she was with came after us : You idiot : You should have been more careful : You think he followed you ? I don 't know : Well , be ready for him if he has : Hold it ! [ Both Grunting ] They don 't make ' em like they used to : [ Tosses Gun Down ] See ? No weapon : You want me , hero ? You come and get me : Just you and me : [ Groans ] [ Turbolift Whirring ] Halt ! Halt or I 'll shoot ! [ Groans ] Oh , wow : The air is kind of thick around here : Don 't move : Oh , great : [ Groans ] Get up slowly : I got news for you : [ Groans ] It 's the only way I can get up : [ Grunts , Exhales Deeply ] Here : Let me just show you my l : D : [ Guard ] You 're with the Defense Directorate ? Not really : They just gave me that card in case someone started asking questions : And the woman ... she was an l : A : C : ? Yes , she was : And those people who took her are trying to kill Dr : Huer : How do you know all this ? I 'm psychic : I don 't have time to explain : Call your head of security and tell them the courier 's been intercepted : They 'll know what to do : Ah , one of them must have dropped it : What is it ? It 's a delocking disc : A de ... Oh , you mean a key : Why do you people always make things so complicated ? Looks like it 's color-coded : You know what part of the complex it goes to ? That 's the Med Wing : Those numbers on the bottom will tell you what office : " 37042 : " That sounds like Dr : Bayliss 's clinic : She 's a psych-med ... pretty famous : A lot of her patients are very important people : Hmm : The information is locked in her subconscious , so they use a shrink to get it out : " Shrink " ? Hey : I can get a security unit up to the Med Wing : Fine : I 'll meet them there : Sorry , but you 're not telling anybody anything : Your men are incompetent : [ Huffs ] That sublevel was crawling with security people : What did you do ? What happened ? I stopped one of them : I didn 't have a chance to finish him off : Rorvik and Carew can take care of that as soon as they check in : If they check in : Our plans are in jeopardy , Delora : We 've got to move faster : How soon before you have something here ? There 's no way to say exactly : It depends on her : It could be a half an hour or longer : [ Sighs ] Your man in the information office ... if he is as reliable as you say he is , you can get him to forge a priority one communiqué , can 't you ? I suppose I could : Then have him send an intra-Directorate memo canceling the blue-code alert : He 'll say the assassin has been caught , Huer 's safe , and there 's no need for the l : A : C : After all : I 'll have him do it immediately : But you know they 'll start suspecting something 's gone wrong sooner or later : Yes , but by then it will be too late ... particularly for Huer : Uh , Colonel ? Uh ... Oh , the party favors : You can put them right there : Where do I put this , babe ? Babe ? Thank you , Twiki : - [ Chirping ] - I 'll take that as a compliment : You can leave it right there : That way when Buck comes in , it 'll be the first thing he sees : Uh , what did you say these were ? Party favors ... at least that 's what Dr : Junius called them : He had the manufacturing center make them up exactly like some old photographs : I 'm almost afraid to ask , but , uh , [ Chuckles ] What is this ? - A balloon : - Balloon ? Yeah : Watch : [ Sputtering ] Whoops : [ Chuckles ] See ? Yes : Well , I take it there 's some peculiar purpose in that : Uh , they 're for decorating : - And this ? - A party hat : A hat ? - You wear it on your head : - I most certainly will not : Oh , Dr : Huer : Colonel , there will soon be dozens of Security Directorate agents : : : Swarming through the building and guarding the entrance downstairs : Perhaps it 's academic , but if by some small chance an assassin does get into the building after me , I will not be murdered wearing a blue-and-white plastic cone on my head : It 's positively undignified : [ Chirping ] Party pooper : Party pooper ? Well , I 'm not certain , mind you , but we probably have one of those here too : And this : [ Squeaks ] [ Honks ] [ Beeping ] Yes , Carew ? Trouble , Doctor : The New Chicagoan , the one that was with the courier ... he 's one of Huer 's people : - What did you do with him ? - There was nothing I could do : Doctor , he knows you 're in on this : I must have dropped my delocking disc when I fought with him , and he found it : A security agent told him about you : I took care of the agent , but that guy must be on his way to you now : Find Rorvik and get back here as soon as you can : Right : Isn 't there some way you can speed up that process , Delora ? Not without causing extensive neural damage , no : What difference does that make ? You don 't think I 'm gonna let her live now , do you ? [ Dr : Bayliss ] There are alternatives : I could tamper with her memory : [ Grunts ] For God 's sake , Corey , I 'm no murderer : ! No ? And I suppose you weren 't selling quadrillium when we first met on Regulus 4 either ? How many people died of radiation poisoning back then , Delora ? That was different : Oh , being an accessory to murder doesn 't bother you , does it ? It 's just the act itself you have no stomach for : Give it up , Corey : This whole thing is coming down around our ears : You 're going just too far to settle an old score : I wish that 's all it was ! The data 's coming in : What 's happening now , tonight ? Where 's Huer ? Spending the evening with friends : : : In an apartment occupied by somebody named , uh , Rogers ... William Anthony Rogers : The address is here : Whoa ! Oh ! Nothing like dropping in on old friends , is there ? [ Groans ] His eyes ! You 've blinded him ! He 's been underground for 15 years : He can 't stand bright light ! Touch her and you die ! [ Groans ] Turn down the lights ! It 's getting late : Huer 's waited long enough : - I want them dead , understand ? - Yes : See to it : What are you doing ? You got what you want from her : [ Hisses ] Not entirely : This device has been adapted : : : For sonic hypnosis : I can wipe out every memory she has ofbeing intercepted and brought here : : : [ Humming ] And substitute new ones : And then you let her go and she thinks she 's done the job she was supposed to do : Mm-hmm : Rather intelligent : : : For a Neanderthal : But Traeger said we ... Mr : Rorvik , any payment for the miserable job you two have done , will come from me , not Traeger : Remember that : [ Humming Grows Louder ] - You 're hurting her : - She can 't feel it : But you don 't believe me , do you , handsome ? Well , you 'll find out for yourself : You 're next : [ Hisses ] Put him down over there : Start repairing your masks : You two are going out in a little while : [ Engines Whining ] [ Party Horns Honking ] [ Noisy Chattering ] Excuse me , won 't you ? Good news , Dr : Huer : The code-blue alert 's been lifted : Evidently you 're safe : Well , that certainly is good news , but where 's Buck ? Well , maybe he convinced Raylyn that they should celebrate his birthday alone : I thought you said she agreed to bring him back here : She did , but , uh , Buck can be very persuasive : Ah : You 're awake : We 'll be ready for you in a minute : Where 's Raylyn ? Where she would be if things had gone as planned : [ Breathes Deeply ] Thank you for your assistance : Just doing our job , Ms : Meritt : Okay : - I won 't remember you after this , will I ? - No : Then I guess I should say my good-byes now : All his life , Corey has left a trail of corpses in his wake : - I don 't intend to add another : - That 's a comfort : Corey was a decent man once , but he 's changed , and I 've got to get away from him , off this planet ... start all over again somewhere else : But first I have to cover my tracks ... starting with you : : : And everything you know : [ Grunts ] [ Injector Hisses ] Where were you ? I looked all over the restaurant for you ! L ... I thought you said you were a slow eater : You really don 't remember a thing , do you ? Remember ? Remember what ? Buck , what is going on ? Never mind : I 'll explain later : Look , you wouldn 't happen to know the record flying time between here and New Chicago , would ya ? No : Why ? Because whatever it is , we 're gonna break it : Hang on : [ Noisy Chattering ] Everyone , please , can I have your attention ? Someone is on his way , and since the code-blue alert has been canceled , it must be Buck : So find your places and light the cake : [ Exhales Deeply ] [ Partygoers ] Surprise : ! - Who on earth is that ? - [ Chirping ] Gate-crasher : [ Murmuring ] [ Commotion ] [ Murmuring ] Traeger ! Cornel Traeger ... you 're alive ! Yes , Elias : Still alive , despite your best efforts : What do you mean my efforts ? You were lost in a routine exploration mission : Why , everyone thought you were dead : Who sent me on the mission , Elias , hmm ? Who ? You volunteered : You knew the risks : Who do you think you are , barging in here like this ? You have no right to disrupt this party ! Stay out of this ! I 'm warning you ... next time , I touch you : [ Dr : Huer ] It was you : You killed that Capellan : : : And now me : That 's right , Elias : Now you , finally : Oh , no , you don 't ! Dr : Huer , Wilma , get away from him ! [ Sizzling ] [ Commotion ] [ Wilma ] What happened ? He fell on his own hand : [ Dr : Huer ] He 's pure silicon : [ Murmuring ] Buck : ! Buck , why 'd you take off so fast ? I was ... Well , at the very least , Dr : Bayliss will never practice psycho-medicine again : [ Theo ] I suspect , however , the Computer Council will find her guilty of offenses : : : Meriting a much more complicated correctional procedure : Which reminds me , we have to contact the adjudication board , brief them on the rather bizarre details of this case : Colonel ? Wait a minute : Don 't run off : I haven 't even opened my presents yet : [ Giggles ] Well , happy birthday anyway , Buck , even if things didn 't turn out the way we wanted them to : Well , you know , Wilma , there 's an old saying ... " It 's the thought that counts : " And it 's true : I really appreciate it very much : Well , maybe we 'll get it straight next year : [ Clears Throat ] Well , to tell you the truth , Wilma , after all that 's happened today , I could do without birthdays for at least a decade or two : [ Laughs ] Let 's see what we got here : What 'd you get ? Ooh : [ Giggles ] [ All Laughing ]
