 Since I 'm to be escorted to the conference by humans , I would like to minimize any obvious differences in appearance between us : They tend to pounce on such things : [ Sighs ] My priorities seem to be a bit out of order , don 't they ? The decision whether or not a disastrous war is to be declared : may well rest with me : Here I am , concerned about meeting a few humans : That 's very understandable , Lord Duvoe : Thank you , Rolla : But they will be under greater pressure than I : I hope they realize that if anything prevents me from attending that conference , the consequences for them will be devastating : - As indeed they should be , sir : - I think I will forego the rest of the decorations , Rolla : They might seem a bit pretentious : And I believe I will wear the cape : A very wise choice , sir : Have you ever encountered humans , Rolla ? Yes , sir : I saw three of them once , at a distance : They looked remarkably like Zykarians to me : Yes , they do , but with a fundamental difference : they are one entity : I had that strongly impressed on me when I was a cadet : We were shown a holographic recording of human reaction : to our simple act of separating head and body : They were repulsed by it : - Then they know how we differ from them ? - No , I don 't think so : Not anymore : One can only speculate on the truth of that , of course : Our contacts with the outside worlds have been limited for decades : But it does seem a reasonable suspicion : based on the fact that the incident I described : was recorded long before I came to be : To my knowledge , there are no humans alive today : who are aware of our duo-entity symbiosis : Still , sir , you have every right to be concerned : Earthlings are very treacherous : They 've proven that time and again : Not all , Rolla : Not all : There was one Earthling , so captivating , so warm and unaffected : And I think the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen : A woman ? We were young and alone among strangers : She was little more than a child : I was deeply moved by her : You , sir , a Zykarian noble , affected by an Earthling female ? Strange , I realize , but true nevertheless : Have you seen her since then , sir ? No , but perhaps I shall , and soon : I 've been told she 's aboard the Searcher : [ Man On Speaker ] We 're approaching the Earth ship that carries your escort , Lord Duvoe : Very well : Well , Rolla , do I pass inspection ? I 've never seen you look better , sir : The Earthlings should be honored by your presence : Especially , sir , I 'm sure the lady will be pleased : [ Man Narrating ] In the year 1 987 , NASA launched the last of America 's deep space probes : Aboard this compact starship , a lone astronaut , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , was to experience cosmic forces beyond all comprehension : In a freak mishap , his life-support systems were frozen : by temperatures beyond imagination : Ranger 3 was blown out of its planned trajectory : into an orbit 1,000 times more vast , an orbit which was to return Buck Rogers to Earth : 500 years later : But , Admiral , please : I would like to oblige you , Doctor , but this mission is entirely too sensitive : Oh , dear , oh , dear , oh , dear : How do I make you understand ? You see , a visit to planet R-4 is a scientific opportunity : It may never occur again : I implore you , Admiral : I 'll give it some thought , but now that 's all I can promise you , Doctor : [ Grumbles ] [ Sighs ] I don 't want this to sound like a stupid question , but : does anyone know how you address a Zykarian envoy ? Hmm : You got me there , Admiral : Wilma , what about you ? Um , what ? Is something on your mind ? You seem a little preoccupied today : Am I ? [ Clears Throat ] I 'm sorry : Well , uh , Crichton ? What about you ? Anything on the Zykarians ? Zykarians are quite human in appearance : and very secretive : And- - And- - And ? Go on : Zykarians are quite human in appearance : [ Buck ] You already said that , Crichton : And they are very secretive : You 've said that too , skillet head : What 's the matter with you ? If you persist in demanding information : which is not in my memory banks , I must simply repeat the answer I have already given : What else can I do ? Admiral , this is my fault , I 'm afraid : My fault : I take full responsibility for Crichton 's failure : I assure you : The minute we get back from the peace conference , I 'll take care of this shortcoming in his memory banks : Very well , Goodfellow : Just see that you 're- - Get back ? I wasn 't aware that we 'd established you were going : Oh , my : I hope you 're not going to change your mind : You know , I 've always admired your extraordinary ability to make decisions : and stand by them : Yes : Well , I have always found that indecisiveness was a dangerous flaw in an officer : [ Man On Speakers ] Admiral , sir , the Zykarian envoy is ready to come aboard : He 's here : Stand by : I think just a plain " Mr : Ambassador " will have to do : Have you no shame , Dr : Goodfellow ? Yes , confusing our admiral like that : Tsk , tsk , tsk : I know it was naughty of me , but planet R-4 is so out of the way , I thought I might never get another chance : What have you got on planet R-4 , Crichton ? I 'm glad you asked , Colonel : Up to now , this whole thing has been rather humiliating for me : If you will observe the master screen : Hawk ! I thought you 'd gone off on patrol : I had intended to , but the admiral 's had a sudden change of heart : [ Chuckles ] It appears that Dr : Goodfellow is now going with you : That 's right : I am to go along and try to keep him out of trouble : [ Laughing ] Well , you 're just in time , Hawk , my boy : Crichton was about to brief us on planet R-4 : I have been waiting for some time : Oh , do get on with it , Crichton : You really can be irritating at times : Very well , Doctor : You will note that the only civilized place on the planet is the city of Oasis : It exists exclusively as a neutral meeting place : to negotiate galactic disputes : This is typical R-4 terrain : Before Oasis , the only use of this planet : was as a depository for failed genetic experiments : going back thousands of years : One could say R-4 is a kind of genetic garbage dump : of the Cygnus system : I 'd just as soon one didn 't say it : Sounds absolutely fascinating : Oh , I 'd better go and pack , get ready : There 'll surely be survivors : Imagine the capacities they might have developed : Come along , Twiki : Come along , come along : Attention ! Ambassador Duvoe , this is Captain Rogers , commander of your escort team , and team members Hawk and Colonel Wilma Deering : Ambassador : I prayed that I would find you here : Did you know it would be I ? I wasn 't sure , but I hoped it would : [ Duvoe ] It 's Colonel Deering now , I believe : Yes : May I have my hand back , Ambassador ? Forgive me : Seeing you again has overwhelmed me , I 'm afraid : I believe the admiral has already introduced our team commander : Mr : Ambassador : And this is Hawk : Well , shall we get underway ? After you , Mr : Ambassador : Colonel Deering ? Quite a surprise , Wilma knowing the ambassador : Yes , wasn 't it ? I have never before seen so regal a personage : as the Zykarian ambassador : Why , oh , why must we stumble along with so little evidence : of the kind of breeding and refinement : he so clearly represents ? It 's uncanny : I know you 're older : You should have changed : But you haven 't , except to become more beautiful : - You 've changed : - Oh ? You 're , uh , more imposing , I think : Hmm : The ambassador and I met at a planetary conference seven years ago : Uh-huh : I was a junior lieutenant attached to the consul 's office : Lord Duvoe was kind enough to make things : less difficult for me : You were the one who was kind , even allowing me to escort you to the grand ball : I was the envy of every delegate there : What a lovely coincidence : Do you realize , considering the size of the universe , it 's almost miraculous that the two of you would meet by chance : not once , but twice in seven years ? I believe we thought about it : And your miracle , if I may say so , seems to have generously included a bit of good fortune for me : What good fortune is that , Doctor ? Well , you see , Mr : Ambassador , I 'm greatly interested in unusual life-forms : This trip affords me a unique opportunity : to be close to , and observe , who knows what strange evolutionary convolutions : Reference point " A : " Mark : Oasis must be just below the horizon : That 's some terrain , isn 't it ? I doubt if horned toads and sidewinders could make it down there : Buck , look : - [ Siren Blaring ] - The instruments show overload : Looks like Saint Elmo 's fire , but it doesn 't act like it : Controls don 't respond : [ Hawk ] Buck , the ship 's hull is glowing : Buck , what is it ? I don 't know , but every circuit we 've got is jammed : Are we in danger of crashing , Captain ? Hopefully we can call it a forced landing , Ambassador : - Hawk , it 's gonna take both of us to hold her steady : - Right : Oh , my word : I think we 've flown into a magnetic storm : Clearly charged particles of one kind or another : Shifting of magnetic fields , you know , can assert- - [ Buck ] Doctor , check your safety belt : That desert 's coming up fast : ! - Try for that clear area : - Right : Crash positions ! We 're gonna ditch ! - You all right ? - All good here : - Anybody hurt back there ? - No , I don 't think so : Are you all right , my darling ? Yes , I 'm all right : What about you , Mr : Ambassador ? Fine , Doctor : I guess we 're all right : A bit shaken up is all : You two deserve a medal for that landing : Captain , I would like an explanation for this forced landing : It is obvious , Mr : Ambassador : Certain unknown elements are the cause of this situation : Indeed , but aren 't allowances made for such unknown equations : when one captains a craft such as this ? No , no , no , no : There 's a misunderstanding there , Mr : Ambassador : I 'm perhaps more familiar with unpredictable radiation clouds than you are : I do assure you : They do exist on this planet : I was thinking that the delegates at Oasis , not to mention the crew of my own ship , will be acutely concerned about the delay : Mr : Ambassador , we have other priorities to worry about right now : Check the backups : Nothing : - The ship is dead : - Call Oasis and notify them of our situation at once : Communications are out as well : The energy core is gone : It 's useless : Surely you must have some recourse for such exigencies : Without energy , no : Radiation in that cloud must have wiped this entire ship out : I can 't believe- - Regardless of what you believe , all instrumentation and power on this ship are dead : [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Oh , dear : What 's happening ? The ship 's listing : Abandon ship ! [ Wilma ] We must be on a ledge of some kind : [ Grunting ] [ Wilma ] Oh , no : [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Oh , my goodness : ! Look at that : ! If that ship disappears entirely from sight , we- - - We 've got additional problems : - Trouble ? In what way ? The sensors on board the Searcher won 't be able to tell we 've been grounded , even if this radiation cloud disperses : Incompetence or treachery , Captain ? Take your choice : It 's you Earthlings who will suffer : Zykaria is poised to make war : if you fail to deliver me to that conference in Oasis : Treachery ? I meant that I 'm not blind to the fact that there are many Earthlings : who would like to see the failure of our mission : That 's why I do not rule out sabotage as the cause of our crash : Ambassador , in my book , it was just plain hard luck : Now , why don 't you put aside your suspicions : and use the only option we have open to us , and that 's to start walking : Start walking across that wasteland ? What are you talking about ? Surely the Searcher will send out a rescue ship : the moment they 're aware we 've lost contact , won 't they ? They can 't : Why not ? The only atmospheric craft on board the Searcher are its fighters : And the first fighter to enter Oasis airspace : during the course of a peace conference : would be blasted out of the sky : Ha : Rather a strange way to promote peace , I 'd say : But necessary , Doctor : There are many warmongers and hotheads : on both sides of the conflict : - Let 's move it out : - One moment , Captain : How can you be so certain that this is the best direction to take to Oasis ? Because it was in range before the radiation cloud hit us : The city lies that way : I suggest we do a bit of scouting about , and from higher ground , before we decide which route is the best one to take : Ambassador , I 'm the commander of this mission : and I don 't intend to waste precious time debating direction , sending out search parties or anything else : I will use my judgment to decide which is the best route for us to take : Indeed : Suppose I decide to strike out on my own ? I 'm afraid I can 't let you do that : You see , it 's my job to get you to that conference alive : That 's exactly what I 'm going to do- - whatever it takes : Now , shall we get started ? [ Muttering ] Still no word on the shuttlecraft : [ Sighs ] We know it flew into a magnetic cloud that blacked out all communications , but no idea what happened behind that cloud : What I find strange , Admiral , is their insistence that the ship itself cannot be traced on their scanner : What about our scanners ? Activated , Admiral : But the Earth ship may have had anti-scanning devices , which gave us a negative reading : You are suggesting that the Earthlings have abducted our ambassador : I did not say that , sir : I 'm only suggesting that the possibility does exist : What kind of mentality would plot such an abduction ? Those wanting war at any cost : We both know they exist on both sides : Yes , yes , they do : But a plot this dangerous ? It would have to mean that everybody aboard the Searcher was party to it : Not at all : If we had planned this , it would , from the standpoint of everyone aboard the mother vessel , appear to be a perfectly legitimate mission : Only a handful of men in the high command would know that once the shuttle was launched , it would be taken or destroyed : You are a devious lot , you intelligence people , Raka : Thank God I 'm merely a soldier : You are a splendid officer , Admiral , but as your intelligence advisor , I suggest that you do not lightly discount the possibility of human treachery : You have made your point : Still no sign of them : Nothing on the scanners , nothing on audio : Even if they crashed , they should have been able to get some kind of signal to us : The available data , which is minimal , indicates a disturbance characterized : by charged particles of unknown origin , possibly related to the presence of a double star : in the same quadrant : Buck ? What have you got ? Footprints : Freshly made : Oh , dear : Then the creature may be within range of our voices : - [ Laughter ] - [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Good heavens , there 's laughter : ! [ Laughter Continues ] Definitely laughter : We must try to induce the creature to show itself : Perhaps if we laugh back : What do you think ? [ Laughing ] - Sorry , Doctor : - What ? We just don 't have the time : You 're gonna have to curb your curiosity until we get back to Oasis : I don 't suppose you 'd consider leaving me here to investigate : You could come back for me later : No : Let 's move out : Well , it was just a thought : Is the captain always so peremptory ? [ Laughing ] No , you don 't know Dr : Goodfellow : Once his scientific interest is aroused , it takes drastic measures to get his attention : Hardly seems to excuse Captain Rogers 's dictatorial attitude : Dictatorial ? No , you don 't understand Buck : He 'd give his life for any one of us : You call him Buck : Of course : He 's a friend : A close friend : You , um- - You used to call me Aram : [ Chuckles ] Remember ? I haven 't forgotten , Aram : [ Wild Laughter ] Good heavens : Good heavens : Did you hear that ? [ Laughter Continues ] [ Echoing ] I say , I say , won 't you please come forward ? We promise no harm will befall you ! [ Male Voice ] Beware Ezarhaaden : ! [ Laughter Resumes ] It speaks : It speaks : Wait , wait , wait : Wait , wait : Don 't go : I implore you ! - Ezarhaaden ? - Never heard of it : Hard to beware of something when we don 't know what it is : - Hawk , why don 't you take a look in those rocks ? - Right : Captain : Is it possible that the man in command of the Searcher : has ulterior motives , is planning all this ? Ambassador , you certainly are a man of high suspicions : My question is not without purpose : Admiral Zite , in command of the vessel which brought me here , is a man of very high suspicions , as you put it : He also has a great many weapons at his disposal : I get the message : If we don 't get you to Oasis by the deadline , there may not be a Searcher for us to return to : I thought it worth mentioning : You see something ? The laughing one is quite elusive : Let 's be on our way then : Doctor , this way : Yes ? Yes , I know : I know : It 's very kind of you , but I can see , thank you very much : Oh : I can see , Hawk ! I don 't know why you have to treat me like a lunatic all the time : Now , Doctor , Doctor : I do know something about this business : We mustn 't complain : No complaints : I know you 're doing your duty : [ Male Voice ] Beware Ezarhaaden : ! [ Laughter ] [ Laughter Continues ] All right : Come on : Let 's go : [ Woman On Speaker ] Admiral Asimov , Admiral Zite requesting visual communication : Have you reestablished communication with your shuttlecraft ? Unfortunately , I have not : I see : We have a problem , Asimov : I 'd like to discuss it face-to-face right away : The air lock ? At your service , Admiral : Fine : In two minutes : Strange request- - conferring in an air lock : Not strange at all : He wants neutral territory : At this point , neither of us has enough trust to board the other 's ship : Let 's go : Admiral ? I 've just had an ugly thought : Suppose we 're walking into an ambush : Suppose they intend to kill both of us in that air lock and take over the Searcher : - But to what purpose , sir ? - Well , I admit , it 's an unlikely possibility : But up to now , we have been assuming that something has happened to our shuttle , some sort of natural disaster : And we 're passively accepting responsibility for its disappearance : In fact , the Zykarians are thrusting the responsibility upon us : I-I 'm sorry , sir : I still don 't follow you : Just supposing , Devlin- - Suppose Ambassador Duvoe is a pawn , an expendable pawn : Suppose they put him aboard our shuttle with the intention : of destroying it before it reaches Oasis : Now , if they did that , intending to place the blame for the ambassador 's death on us , which they appear to be doing , wouldn 't that give them the provocation for war , if that 's what they really want ? Good Lord , sir : Would they do something like that ? I don 't know , Devlin : But more terrible sacrifices have been made in the past to bring nations into conflict : What do we do , sir ? Nothing : You go back to the bridge : Admiral- - There 's nothing I can do except walk into that air lock : and pray to God my suspicions are wrong : We are extremely concerned for the safety of our ambassador , Admiral : Just what measures have you taken to reestablish contact ? I assure you , everything possible has been done : Everything ? Crichton , explain our findings to Admiral Zite : Admiral Zite , I have conducted a meticulous analysis : of all available data concerning the shuttle 's disappearance : and made a precise extrapolation from the results : My conclusion : is that the frequency and amplitude : of ambient energy in that magnetic cloud : was sufficient to burn out every electrical circuit in the shuttle , including , of course , all communication devices : I appreciate your explanation for the lack of communication , but it does not explain why sensors cannot locate : exactly where your shuttlecraft is at this very moment : Hmm : I 'm afraid I have no explanation : Which opens up the distinct possibility : of underhandedness on the part of Earthlings : Meaning ? Meaning I find this situation intolerable , and the longer it continues , the more intolerable I 'm going to find it : I suggest you locate our Ambassador Duvoe : before I am obliged to take punitive action : [ Grunts ] I 'm all right : Thank you : You used to like to take my arm when we walked : Seven years ago when we parted , did you know that , uh , I was very much in love with you ? Yes , I knew , and I was madly and hopelessly infatuated with you : You were the most brilliant and fascinating man I 'd ever met : Nothing else had meaning for me then : Not the service , not my career : Only you : I would willingly have given up all the rest : I couldn 't let you do that : You had to become who you are : Do you realize yours could be the one voice in the galaxy that could keep us from war ? Perhaps : Someone has said , " The seats of power can be lonely places : " I can 't tell you how happy I am : right at this moment : with you , even here in this godforsaken desert : [ Giggling ] We 'll rest over there : Buck : More footprints : Oh , these are different from the others : Take a look : - [ Gasps ] - Ah ! Oh , there you are ! [ Grunting ] Well , wh- - Ooh : He 's your friend , eh ? Now , then , don 't let 's have any hostilities : Just a minute with you : Why don 't we have a nice little chat , just the three of us ? Oh ! [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Oh , my word : ! The doctor ? Who else ? Oh , dear , oh , dear : [ Grunting ] Oh , no , no , no : Don 't go : Don 't go : Don 't leave me alone : Please , please , please : ! Don 't go : Don 't leave me alone : [ Both Groaning ] Oh , my word : ! Oh , dear , oh , dear : Oh , what 's happening here ? Just as we were beginning to- - [ Grunting ] Oh , dear , oh , dear : [ Hawk ] We cannot see you , Doctor : You must keep shouting : [ Buck ] Say something : ! Over here , dear boy : Over here : Dr : Goodfellow , keep shouting ! I 'm over here : I 'm here : ! Doctor ? Doctor , keep shouting so we can find you ! I 'm here , in a pit of sorts : All Gaul is divided into three parts : Where are you , Doctor ? Amo , amas , amat : Are you in there ? Yes , I am , indeed , my boy : I 'm in a trap of sorts : [ Grunts ] We 'll have to pry it off : We need a lever : I 'll look around : Doctor , are you all right ? Not hurt at all , my dear girl : A little surprised for a bit , but I 'm fine now : [ Male Voice Cackling ] I will try to look for that laughing one again : Dr : Goodfellow , how 'd this rock get here ? Some creatures placed it there : I tried to reason with them : I explained I meant no harm : But they seemed intent on violence , or so it seemed : [ Footsteps Approaching ] They 're so stupid , these humans : Imagine getting caught by an Atavar : I am Odee-x , the invincible ! Release me ! [ Laughing ] Not until we have talked , little one : Let me down ! Here : This may help : Let me down , you overgrown chicken ! Let me down ! This is Odee-x , the invincible : Invincible ? Doesn 't seem like much of a threat to me : Hasty judgment , human : [ Cackling ] [ Dr : Goodfellow ] He 's the voice of the laughing one : Nice trick : No trick , Earth man : Odee-x can be a powerful foe if he wishes : I will demonstrate : Be my guest : Rise : Rise , stone ! Rise ! Rise ! Rise : Oh , bravo : [ Laughing ] It 's good to see the light again : Steady : Steady : Settle , rock : Settle : I 'm not finished : Stand back ! [ Wilma ] I don 't believe it : I always finish what I start : I say , what a marvelous sensation : Well , Captain , what do you think ? I 've gotta hand it to you : Pretty good : Pretty good ? Pretty good would 've never kept me alive on this planet of egregious misfits and scoundrels : How long have you lived here , little one ? I detest that term , " little one : " About 400 years : You mean you 've actually been here for four centuries ? You question the word of Odee-x ? No , don 't misunderstand me : Quite the contrary : " Odee-x " must stand for Ocular Dynamics Experiment , the first shipment sent here from Saturn : But how could the geneticists have discarded such a revolutionary development ? Questions , questions : Twiddle-twaddle and hyperbole ! Are you not gonna thank me for releasing you from the pit of the Atavars ? Oh , yes , I forgot : I 'm sorry : I thank you : Thank you very much , in fact : - Who are the Atavars ? - The Atavars are a rapacious lot : - They are also the masters of Ezarhaaden : - Ezarhaaden ? Ezarhaaden is guardian of the lair of the Atavar , the vile rabble who live beneath the sand in the bowels of the planet , surfacing to plunder and kill : and then celebrate their evil with odious , savage ritual : and place the heads of their enemies on poles and worship them : But they can 't catch me : I 'm too clever for them : [ Giggling ] Oh , I 'm sorry : It was an accident , birdman : I seem to slip more often as I grow older : [ Chuckling ] Odee-x , we can make no demands on you , but it would please us very much if you could tell us : if we 're taking the shortest route to Oasis : Of course it 's the shortest route , but you will never get there : Why not ? Because the sands of the desert become quick : That is why not : A riddle : Quicksand in the way ? Exactly : There is only one traversable route to Oasis from here : You must pass through the dreadful Cave of the Winds , the home of the Atavar : If the Atavars live there , will they allow us to go through ? [ Chuckling ] Probably not : You will doubtless be caught in the first trap you come to , a trap you can 't avoid : Why can 't we avoid it ? Because it isn 't there , that 's why : Pay heed now that it may benefit you : To reach the pawl that frees the lock , conscious thought avails you not : Look , Odee-x : We 're running out of time , and we 've got to get to Oasis : So why don 't you just tell us , what is the route to the Cave of the Winds ? You travel straight that way : Maybe ! [ Chortling ] Mad little creature : Should we take him seriously ? I think we 're gonna have to trust him : So I 'm for going by way of that cave : What about you , Mr : Ambassador ? Seems to me , Captain , that you were determined : that we were all to abide by your decisions : Have you suddenly lost your taste for command ? We 'll head for Cave of the Winds : We must be very careful here , Raka : Do you understand ? I understand that very well , sir : You are in command of this vessel : My function here is merely to advise you : This Admiral Asimov- - One does want to believe him : Of course , but your decision to call in a battle cruiser was a very wise one : Perhaps , but if I were in Asimov 's shoes , I would be more than a little offended by the arrival of a warship off my bow , particularly if I were simply an exploration vessel with limited armament : and on a peaceful mission : Supposedly searching for the lost tribes of Earth : Exactly : One of the first things you learn as a commander is not to put a finger on a trigger : unless there is no alternative : Damn it , Raka , that cruiser is a trigger : No , sir : That cruiser is a gun : Here is the trigger : Sealed orders ? Why didn 't you give me these when you came aboard ? I was instructed to give them to you only if , in my opinion , the circumstances called for it : I believe that time has come : My God : Do you know what is in these orders ? Yes , sir : If Ambassador Duvoe does not reach the Oasis conference at the appointed time , you are to destroy the Searcher and launch an immediate attack on Earth : Nothing but total , absolute silence : I know they 're all right , Admiral : Buck always comes through : I wish I could share your certainty , Twiki , but I 'm afraid the longer we go without hearing from them , the worse it looks : I realize you are already under great stress , Admiral , but I feel it my duty to remind you that Admiral Zite demanded : that something be done : What will you tell him ? What I 've been telling him all along- - the truth : Admiral , look at this : [ Devlin ] It 's a warship : Zykarian battle cruiser , to be exact : I never suspected Zite would go this far : In my younger days , I would have accepted this as a challenge , a chance to prove my mettle as an officer : But now- - now I see it for what it really is : Representatives of different cultures once again blundering into tragedy : because they can 't learn to trust one another : It is characteristic of differing organic life-forms : to suspect each other 's motives , Admiral : I doubt that anything can be done to alter that fact : You may be right , Crichton : That doesn 't mean I can 't try : Devlin , I 'm inviting Admiral Zite to dinner : Perhaps a face-to-face encounter over a good meal will reduce tensions : - Very well , sir : - Two things : Quietly pass the word that all members are to remain : in battle readiness until further orders : Battle readiness ? You heard me , kettle belly : And Devlin , I want you to make the arrangement for the dinner invitation : See that our table is set with the very finest of everything we 've got : All V : I : P : Yes , sir : I 'm on my way : V : I : P : ? Very Important Person , dimwit : Ah , hmm ? I must get to Oasis , and yet , I don 't want this journey to end : Being with you again has opened doors inside of me : that I thought had closed forever : How terribly sweet of you to say that , Aram , but how sad to think that : you 've been living with a part of yourself shut away : Perhaps , but true nonetheless : During the years since I saw you last , I seemed to have traveled further and further away : from those romantic dreams I had as a young man : - What sort of dreams ? - Oh : The ambitious , impractical dreams that all young men have : Young men are all alike , you know : They expect to have brilliant , important careers , to meet the woman of their dreams and to live happily ever after : in the midst of a warm and loving family : Young men aren 't the only ones to have dreams like that , Aram : - Young women have them too : - Do they ? You 're an officer on board one of the most advanced research vessels : in this galaxy , any galaxy : A colonel : Must be an extraordinarily interesting career : It is interesting : And fulfilling ? I suppose it depends on how you define " fulfilling : " Have you ever thought of sharing your life with a man , of having a home of your own and a family to love and love you back ? Yes , Aram : I have thought about it : It 's just- - Yes ? I guess I 'm not ready for it yet : [ Chuckling ] I suppose I still have a few good years left : Unlike an old man like me , huh ? Well , I 've always thought of you as a very : distinguished figure , but , uh , hardly old : You , um- - You never married , Aram : Why ? I don 't know : I suppose somewhere in the back of my mind : was that wish , that hope that we would meet again : I hoped so too : I knew you 'd be a great man someday : I , uh , tried to follow your career , [ Chuckling ] but not much word gets out of the Zykarian quadrants : We must begin to be less insular : Otherwise , we will always mistrust each other : Hmm : - Wilma , Duvoe , watch out ! - [ Wilma Gasps ] Oh , my dear : What 's happening ? [ Gagging ] [ Grunting ] [ Wilma , Duvoe Coughing ] I can manage myself , Captain : [ Grunts , Coughing ] Heavens above : Do you realize what that was ? A giant lichen : What an amazing creature : Please , please , might I just take five minutes to go and examine it , Captain ? Please , please : [ Buck ] I told you before , Doctor : We don 't have time : Take cover ! They 're gone : Anyone hurt ? Where 's the ambassador ? Oh , dear : I hope the ambassador wasn 't hurt : I 'll take a look : [ Coughing ] [ Grunting ] [ Buck ] Ambassador Duvoe ? Hurry : He 's coming this way : Why do you look at me as if I were some sort of monster ? Zykarians might well : consider you strange : and an undesirable being because you cannot remove your head : I 've got no argument with that : Does Wilma know ? I think , Captain , what transpires between Colonel Deering and me- - [ Wilma ] Buck ? Ambassador : ! Where are you ? Are you all right ? Yes , Wilma ! Over here : Oh , there you are : We thought you might have been hurt : Is anything wrong ? Is anything wrong , Captain ? Nothing that can 't be remedied : I 'm sorry you and Buck can 't be friends : Perhaps it isn 't that important : I think if you were together for any length of time , you would learn to respect each other : Possibly : Buck : - Have you noticed ? - Yes , we 're being followed : You want to check it out ? - I will stay behind : - All right : But be careful : Don 't take any chances : Yes , I 'll stay with him : I 'll keep him company : I 'll keep you company : - No way , Doctor : - What do you mean ? One of these days , Dr : Goodfellow , your curiosity 's gonna get the better of you : Don 't you understand ? My curiosity 's healthy : Keeps me in fine fettle , so to speak : So to speak : Yes , well , come on , Doctor : Come on : [ Grumbling ] And this time , I will stay out till I find him : Why do you follow us , small one ? I had nothing better to do : Did you see who sent the pikes down on us ? I saw : You 're getting sleepy , birdman : [ Yawns ] Sleep , birdman : Sleep : Sleep , birdman : Sleep : The morrow brings adventure anew : Pleasant dreams ! [ Chuckling ] Fascinating , that lichen creature today : Do you know- - Are you aware , Ambassador , that a lichen is actually two entities ? An amazingly successful symbiotic relationship : between fungus , which supplies water , of course , and algae , which supplies food : What are you implying , Doctor ? Implying ? Oh , I say , was I becoming tedious ? I am sorry : I 'm afraid it 's an occupational hazard : I- - I tend to share my enthusiasms , you know : Please forgive me : Of course : I simply want to know what 's the matter , that 's all : Why won 't you tell me what happened between you and Ambassador Duvoe today ? You know him well , do you ? Does how well I know him have something to do with it ? In a way , yeah , it does : Oh ? In what way ? - What do you really know about him ? - Is there something I should know ? Is it serious between the two of you ? Either you tell me what you 're getting at , Buck , or back off : You 're trespassing : Is it his politics or the fact that he 's a Zykarian ? No : Just thinking about you , Wilma : I don 't want to see you get hurt : You talk as if I need a guardian : Your attitude towards that man- - because I might be fond of him : or because he cares about me ? - Maybe we oughta just forget it : - Yes , I think we 'd better : With one final word from me : I think Ambassador Aram Duvoe is quite a man : The roast is done to a turn , Admiral , and the sauce is superb : It looks like we 're ready : I hope so : Our guests are about due : We all have got to stay on our toes tonight : A lot could depend on this dinner : [ Man On Speaker ] Admiral Asimov , your presence is requested on the bridge : Ensign , the Zykarians are due to arrive at any minute : This had better be important : It is important , sir : New arrivals : Two more Zykarian cruisers off our right flank : That makes a total of three , sir , all targeting us with photon cannons : [ Woman On Speaker ] Admiral Zite and party are coming aboard : [ Sighs ] I mustn 't keep our guests waiting : I wish our chef had the recipe for that sauce : I think that can be arranged : Now , there 's an example of , uh , cooperation at work : We , uh , need more of that : [ Admiral Zite ] Perhaps : In fact , our joint mission out here was conceived in a spirit of cooperation : Shame we seem to have lost it : - Something on your mind , Admiral ? - Yes : The presence of your cruisers : I would like to remind you , sir , that we are a search vessel , not a ship of war : We are no match for one Zykarian cruiser , let alone three : The warships are merely a precaution , Admiral : You do have the ability to summon aid : Yes , but if I did that , I might provoke the very conflict your ambassador came here to avoid : I point out to you , Admiral , it was not I who began the provocation : And I point out to you , Admiral , that it is not your ambassador who is missing : May I be blunt ? I would appreciate it : We have evaluated the situation and have concluded : that you abducted Ambassador Duvoe and are holding him hostage : What ? Your shuttle disappeared from all our scanners , meaning : it had to go into an underground landing pad , all well planned in advance : Why , that is a ridiculous assumption : If it had crashed , Admiral , our sensor would have picked up residual radiation from the wreckage : We get none : We believe you intend to blackmail us with our ambassador 's life : at some critical moment : to keep us off-balance and give your forces a first-strike capability : That is not only preposterous , it is illogical : We both know that war is a world : with its own special logic , Admiral , and very grim logic it is : Destroying a city to save it from the enemy : makes perfect sense to a soldier , and I : am : a soldier : Will you accept my guarantee , on my honor as an officer , that if anyone survived the crash of that shuttle , they 're at this very moment struggling to reach Oasis ? I will refrain from opening fire until the conference begins : and my ambassador is reported absent : Oh , and : my compliments to the chef : The dinner was excellent : Good evening , gentlemen : Well , birdman : It looks like another beautiful day : [ Giggling ] [ Giggles ] [ Giggling Continues ] Wilma : Something 's disturbing you : Do you , uh , want to talk about it ? Will you tell me what happened between you and Buck ? We had a difference : Please , don 't let it trouble you : It 's not unusual for men of strong will to abrade each other , particularly when they each care about the same woman : Oh , Captain , Captain , just a minute : Do you think we might stop for a moment to cool off ? Please , Captain : You 've got it , Doctor : Thank you : Let 's take a break ! [ Screaming Continues ] Oh , I say : No wonder she screamed : Look at these severed heads : I can tell you what they are : Do you know what they are ? These severed heads must be objects of worship to the Atavars that little Odee-x told us about : Which makes them every bit as murderous as he said too : Awful , awful : Oh ! Marvelous : Look : Those stones : The patterns of those stones : It 's a shrine of some sort : [ Buck ] Doctor , we better get out ofhere : Just let me touch them : No , no : Come on : Let 's get out ofhere : Oh , dear : Don 't you want to know more about it ? I 'd love to : Some other time : Some other time : Small one ? Nothing before has tracked me as you do : You give me no rest : Why do you not join the others ? I want to talk to you : Stay back ! [ Chuckling ] I have watched you : You had a lot of problems obliterating the footprints : Your power has gone : Why do you follow us ? Perhaps it amuses me : You could help us : I have already helped you : Besides , you 're on the trail : You will find the Cave of the Winds : Once you leave the caves , you will see the spires of Oasis : You could lead us through the cave , past the Atavars : No , I 've interfered enough in your fate : The desert may bleach your bones : Winds may rip you to shreds : Atavars may seek your noble head : to crown a pole : Too bad : None of my business : But the Atavars are your enemy , are they not ? When loneliness is measured by centuries , even an enemy for company is better than none at all : We need your help : If you will not come willingly , I will carry you : [ Laughing ] You 're too late ! Energy , birdman : Storms of radiation ! They destroyed your ship , but they fill me with power and glory : Big storms and little ones dance constantly across my planet : I know where to find them : [ Laughing ] You can 't touch me now , and after I 'm through here , I 'll be even stronger , and you can 't touch me then either : So good-bye , birdman : [ Laughing ] You win : Good-bye : Small one : Good luck : It is you who needs luck : There are many dangers in the Cave of the Winds : Of them all , Ezarhaaden is the deadliest : To best Ezarhaaden and seal his fate , give him the point of your argument straight : You talk in riddles again : What do you mean ? It means you 'll have something to think about while you catch up to your friends : Good-bye ! Captain : Captain Rogers : I want to- - I want to thank you : [ Buck ] Thank me for what , Mr : Ambassador ? - It was decent of you not to tell Wilma : - I 'm not gonna tell her : But I think you should : I understand : Of course she has a right to know , but considering the way you humans view our symbiosis , it will not be easy for either of us : I prefer to tell her when we are alone , prepare her , if that is at all possible : - Can you understand that , Captain ? - Sure : There you are : Where were you all last night ? What happened ? It was the small one , Odee-x , who had been following us : Where is he ? I could not persuade him to come : But we are on the trail to the Cave of the Winds : Beyond the cave , we shall see Oasis : He has given us another warning : and another riddle : Ah , the first riddle : Now , how did it go ? " To reach the pawl that frees the lock- - " " Conscious thought avails you not : " [ Chuckling ] There we go : This one makes as little sense : " To best Ezarhaaden and seal his fate , give him the point of your argument : straight : " Well , let 's move out : [ Duvoe ] How much farther can it be ? You don 't suppose that Odee-x sent us in the wrong direction after all , do you ? [ Wilma ] I 've been wondering the same thing , Buck : [ Buck ] There it is : The cave up ahead : [ Buck ] Well , here goes : Let 's hope our little friend hasn 't cooked up some more mischief for us in here : Well , at least the cave 's lit : Cave of the Winds : It 's not bad : Not up till now , no : [ Wind Howling ] I think I spoke too soon : It 's coming from other tunnels : I wonder what would happen if that terrible wind came into this tunnel : Good heavens : Something like that , perhaps : Look at that : Someone 's bones are embedded in the rock : By the force of the wind : [ Duvoe ] It doesn 't seem possible : Let 's go : [ Howling Continues ] There 's one of them : That must be the entrance to the home of the Atavars : Dr : Goodfellow , will you get out of here ? What ? Do it : Get out of here : Oh : Thank you very much : What 's happened ? There 's no sound coming from the tunnels : It 's as if we walked into a tomb : Very strange : Most unnatural : [ Quiet Thud ] [ Thudding ] The pike goes right through it : Let me check over here : It will not move : It 's solid all around : Let 's try digging down a few feet : It doesn 't look good , Captain : Perhaps we should go back and try another tunnel : You 're right , Mr : Ambassador : It 's another invisible wall : Trapped between them : Yes , that 's why there 's been no sound from the tunnels : [ Buck ] Why is it this pike will go through , but we can 't ? It 's an exquisite trap , Buck : Really most ingenious : Whoo : I say , doesn 't it seem rather close in here ? As a matter of fact , it does : Oh ! The torch- - it 's dying : We 're running out of air : Doctor , do you have any idea how these force fields are generated ? No , no , no idea : I haven 't the remotest idea : I 've never encountered anything like it before : Of course , it is possible that it isn 't going on : May be not physical : - It 's just existing in our minds : - You mean we could be imagining this ? If this is my imagination , then it doesn 't really exist : And that torch isn 't going out : How can we overcome that which does not exist ? Doctor , the logical extension of your hypothesis : is that we are caught in a trap that isn 't there : Now , if you persist in this absurd position- - The trap that isn 't there : Odee-x said we couldn 't avoid the trap because it isn 't there : You 're quite right : Now , you 're quite right : You clever girl : Now , what 's the rest of that riddle ? " To reach the pawl that frees the lock , conscious thought avails us not : " " Conscious thought avails us not : " A pawl : Pawl : A pawl ? There 's a lever : Maybe that 's our pawl : It 's too far : " Conscious thought avails us not : " That 's just gibberish , isn 't it , Doctor ? Not necessarily , my dear : Not necessarily : The operative words are " conscious " and " not : " Doesn 't that lead us to unconscious thought ? Of course : Obviously : Oh , my , yes : Now , let me see : - Colonel Deering , I think it must be you : - Be me what , Doctor ? You will be our unconscious thinker : Now , do what I tell you : Fix your eyes on that torch : Yes , don 't take your eyes off it , child : Just relax : Watch the torch : Now , your eyelids will get heavy : They 're getting heavy , are they ? Yes : Now they 'll get heavier and heavier : Now , let them close : That 's a good girl : Very good , child : You 're going into a deep , deep , blissful state of unconsciousness : I want you to open your eyes in a minute : Not yet : Open your eyes , but you 'll remain sound asleep : Do you understand ? I understand : Open your eyes : Now , I want you to go over to that lever : See it over there ? Yes , you can see it : Yes , I see it : Good , good : Fine : Go over to that lever and pull it down : [ Hawk ] There 's the wind again : [ Buck ] You did it , Doctor : [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Fresh air : ! Now , thank you , thank you : Now , at the count of three , Colonel , you 'll wake up and feel absolutely fine : One , two , three : [ Sighs ] [ Chuckles ] We 're out of the trap : [ Duvoe ] That was brilliant , Doctor : By mind trance , he deprived you of conscious thought : Oh , you 're a genius , Doctor : Well , I must say I agree with you : Thank you , thank you : Come on : Let 's move out : We 've lost a lot of time : Genius indeed : I gave her the answer : I must make my riddles more obscure : [ Boiling ] [ Wilma ] Oh : Snakes : [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Yes , and a very poisonous species , my dear girl : Looks like the bridge is the only way over : Oh , no ! Here it comes again ! Stay low and hang on : [ Wilma ] It 's like a hurricane : ! All right : Stay here : I 'm gonna try and cross it : [ Hawk ] Careful , Buck : [ Wilma ] Are you sure it can support you ? I 'm not sure of anything at this point : [ Duvoe ] Try not to move too quickly , Captain : I 'll keep that in mind : [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Steady , dear boy : Steady : [ Wood Creaking ] [ Hawk ] Easy , Buck : Easy ! - [ Wilma ] Buck ? - [ Hawk ] Hang on , Buck : Hang on : [ Wilma ] Buck , try to hold on : We 'll steady the bridge : Oh , my goodness ! It 's coming up again , Captain : I can hear it : [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Hang on , dear boy : It can 't last for long : - [ Hawk ] Pull , Ambassador : Pull : ! - [ Wilma ] Buck , I can hardly hold it : ! - [ Wilma ] Hold on , please : ! - [ Buck ] I 'm trying to : The wind 's too strong : [ Wilma ] Hold on : ! [ Hawk ] You must ! Try , Buck , try ! [ Wilma ] Oh , thank God : [ Deep Male Voice ] Beware Ezarhaaden : ! - [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Oh , my word : ! - It 's a sword ! He needs help : Buck : ! I am Ezarhaaden , sword of death , guardian of the place of the Atavars : The cavern there is dark and deep : Who falls within forever sleeps : [ Dr : Goodfellow ] We 're with you , my boy : Don 't despair : Give him a good fight : [ Wilma ] Oh , no : Buck ! Ezarhaaden : ! - You , Odee-x : ! - Yes , you demon ! You ogre : ! You dismal coprolite : ! You crapulous misanthrope : ! Oh , you missed : You hideous- - [ Grunts ] [ Ezarhaaden ] The noisy one has met his fate : Come , Earth man , now : and feel the weight of Ezarhaaden 's blade ofhate : The riddle- - When we have to get past Ezarhaaden : " To best Ezarhaaden and seal his fate , give him the point of your argument straight : " Point of your argument ? Try for the heart , Captain ! Buck , go for the heart : No heart , no head , no body : Point : The point of the argument : Buck , it 's the point of that pike : Use the point ! [ Laughing ] Now , Earth man- - Now you , too , will find the cavern dark and deep : and end in its depths forever asleep : [ Ezarhaaden Laughing ] Fiend ! You , Odee-x , now prepare to die : [ Laughing ] Another point to win the argument : Another point : [ Grunts ] [ Groans , Thudding ] [ Wilma ] You got him : ! [ Duvoe ] Well done , Captain : ! Are you all right ? Go away ! Aah : Then tell me if you 're all right : I 'm all right : [ Grunts ] You ungrateful little- - All right , Hawk : Brace this bridge : I 'll have to repair it so you can get across : Never thought I 'd be sorry to see the Zykarians pull away : I do not comprehend how the move , in and of itself , is particularly significant : Well , it 's significant enough for me : They 've moved off to give their cruisers a clear field of fire : Any change in deployment ? No , sir : The three cruisers are still standing by , in firing position : - Distance ? - Eighth of a quad : Eighth of a quad : Tell Lieutenant Devlin to meet me in the engine room : Yes , sir : Lieutenant Devlin to the engine room : I think you know what 's on my mind , Devlin : Yes , sir : You disapprove ? No , sir : A very long time ago , when I was a lieutenant like yourself , I commanded a squadron of seven ships off the tip of a quadrant : We had this accident , if you will : A laser punctured our cruiser : Holed the engine room : We , uh- - We had to abandon ship : From a quadrant and a half away , we saw what happened : The loss of seven of our vessels : An entire quadrant vaporized : You lost all those ships , sir ? Strange how we look back , keep something in our minds , hoping we 'll never have to use it : And yet , Devlin , we are going to rig the Searcher : to become a booby trap : [ Wood Creaking ] Odee-x , why didn 't you use your powers to defeat Ezarhaaden ? Why didn 't I indeed ? Could you see Ezarhaaden ? No : Nor could I : Since my power is in my eyes , my eyes were useless against him : He was my nemesis : That 's why I needed a champion : As you can see , I 'm very good at picking champions : What I 'd like to know is why you didn 't tell me straight out what I was in for : Why that riddle ? You almost got me killed : But that would be taking unfair advantage of Ezarhaaden , not to mention my riddles going to waste : We must not dull the appetite for a zestful life , Captain : - You are really something : - Thank you : Now there 's one important thing left to do : I 've waited 400 years to do that : ! [ Chortling ] Small one , you must co- - You will come with us : You must have help : Fiddle-faddle and folderol : Do you think in the hundreds of years I 've been here , this is my first wound ? Tut ! Rest and quiet for a few minutes- - or a few years- - I 'll be good as new : At least I shall live , which is more than I can say for you : What are you talking about , Odee ? When death is sure , no way out , an angry god puts death to rout : More riddles : I swear , if you weren 't hurt , I 'd throw you in there after that sword : Just because you championed my cause does not entitle you to take liberties : Odee-x , excuse me : Does this new riddle pertain to , uh- - No more : Go ! If I 'm ever to mend , I must do it right now : - Go ! - Not without you , my little friend : Touch me now , you 'll lose a lot more : Have it your way : Are you sure you 're going to be all right ? Thank you : Whee ! Whee ! You 're so pretty ! To save your lives , remember me : and most of all , my riddle three : All right : Let 's go : Oh , power that sweeps Oasis dread , my strength is gone , my magic fled : I hurt , I weep , I need my bed : Please help me soothe this aching head : - This is the relay detonator to our photon core ? - Yes , sir : The moment you order it activated , the Searcher will become the equivalent of a star exploding , incinerating everything within the quadrant : The deadline is only hours away : Yes , sir : The warship awaits your command to open fire : And I do have my orders : I trust , and yet , distrust : I will follow orders : There are the spires of Oasis : We 're gonna make it in time after all : What do you suppose Odee-x had in mind with that last riddle ? [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Well , that 's a difficult question to answer , you see : In many ways , that nice little fellow was a bit mad : I think I heard you say so yourself : [ Wilma Laughing ] [ Hawk ] The spires of Oasis : [ Wilma ] Aren 't they beautiful ? Oh , my ! [ Rhythmic Grunting ] - Are they bluffing ? - Not two bits ' worth : They 'rejust working up their courage : - What do you think , Hawk ? - Without any weapons , there 's no way we could all get through : Odee-x said , " To save your lives , remember me and , most of all , my riddle three : " Riddle three : The third riddle , my dear : " An angry god puts death to rout : " We happen to be a little short on angry gods right now , Doctor : Wilma , we 're gonna try to force an opening : You and Dr : Goodfellow grab the ambassador , make a run for it : - Ready , Hawk ? - Ready : Go ! [ Duvoe ] Stop : ! Stop : ! I command you : ! You who worship heads , bow down : ! Bow down before an angry god : ! Bow down before the living head , lest the wrath of this god visit you with fire and destruction : ! Back : Go back ! I command you : Heed ! Heed or you will burn : Go : ! Now : Now ! And trouble no more strangers to your world : I had hoped you would not have to see this : Not this way : We go on to Oasis now : You knew : That 's what you wouldn 't tell me : Yeah : Working together with these humans : to get me to this conference : has shown me : that the gulfs which separate us : can be bridged , that understanding comes : with communication , and that war is not , in any sense , a viable alternative : [ Applause ] I agree : Let 's never come so close again : Amen : That was profound , Ambassador : Any credit must be shared with my escort , Admiral : It was truly inspirational , Mr : Ambassador , being present while history was made : I 'm seldom present in the present , you know : Usually by the time I get to it , the present 's passed into the past : [ Duvoe ] I believe I understand , Doctor : We must forego , once and for all , this policy of isolation , which has bred mistrust and suspicion : between Zykaria and the other nations of this system : We must live in peace , learn to know each other : Ignorance breeds suspicion : With communion comes knowledge : and understanding : [ Woman On Speaker ] Ambassador , your ship is ready : Gentlemen : I was hoping that you would be here : to at least say a good-bye : Instead of good-bye , I 'd rather say , " Until we meet again : " Of course : I hope you understand : It was only the shock : It wasn 't a judgment : Good friends needn 't question : I meant it : It will never shock me again : A very big step , isn 't it ? For both of us : Perhaps another time , there will be a grand ball : I 'll be escorting you , to the envy of all there : Another time : Dreams aren 't only for children , are they ? No , Aram : They 're for all of us : I 'm very glad to have known you , Captain : I do hope that you feel the same : I most certainly do , Mr : Ambassador : You 're right : He is quite a man :
