 [ Screaming ] Rambeau , shut it off ! : [ Narrator ] A sinister musical mastermind : : : Uses 25th-century rock and roll to plot a youth rebellion which threatens the entire galaxy : - Those kids will be killed : - That concert must not go on ! - I 'll dispatch Intercepts immediately : - Just a little longer and the galaxy is mine : Let 's go ! The time is now : Destroy : ! Why not just kill him now ? [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : [ Rock And Roll ] [ Continues ] I was afraid you were too good to be true , Tarkas : Your report to New Chicago will have to be delayed : : : Permanently : ! Remarkable : When the evacuation system opens , trash from all over Musicworld will be swept into space : This time it will include Tarkas : When does it evacuate ? Any second now : [ Continues ] Now , that 's Andromeda , the most popular group in the galaxy today : They have an incredible influence over young people : It 's amazing : Sounds like the Beatles : - The who ? - Not the Who : The Beatles : It was a group that was popular around my time : [ Sighs ] Well , Andromeda is quite a phenomenon , Buck : And possibly a disturbing problem as well : - Problem ? Why ? - [ Theo ] Captain Rogers ? Data has shown that within minutes of an Andromeda concert broadcast from Musicworld , there is a 55 % surge in youth crimes : Frankly , we 're puzzled and more than a little concerned : But I understand there were similar problems in your time : Not really : Usually music gave kids something to believe in , to identify with : It was a powerful force , but a good one : - What is Musicworld ? - It 's an abandoned military orbital fortress : It 's been taken over and renovated by a conglomerate of music promoters : And totally outside of Directorate jurisdiction , I regret to say : Dr : Theopolis said something about crime : What kind of crime ? Why , almost anything : Rioting , looting , wanton destruction : And recently , we 've been seeing this sort of thing : - [ Buck ] Looks like some kind of uniform : - Disturbingly so : You think there 's some kind of organization behind this ? We don 't know : We 're investigating here : We 've inserted an agent in Musicworld : Of course all our actions are unilateral : - And off the record : - If you mean unauthorized , yes : What has your agent been able to come up with so far ? Nothing specific yet : But Tarkas 's last report indicates that he is onto something : His cover is as Andromeda sound tech : He codes his reports and sends them as part of the concert 's transmission : Yes : We 'll be receiving something a little later on in this transmission : [ Continues ] Yarat , help me install this : Now : : : We tighten the screws : [ Laughing ] Whoo ! Let 's go ! [ Theo ] We have the message from Tarkas : Decoding is complete : - " Veck " ? - What 's the rest of the message , Theo ? The message broke off in mid-transmission : Maybe it wasn 't safe for Tarkas to continue : We 'll get the rest later : - [ Beeping ] - What is it , Doctor ? I have a report that disruptions have broken out again at the Youth Center : [ Theo ] More information , Doctor : New Chicago Spaceport informs me that two young people have stolen a starfighter , numerals 1314 : That 's my ship : ! Those kids 'll be killed : ! I 'll dispatch intercepts immediately : [ Buck ] Cancel that : I 'll go after them myself : Have a ship stand by , Wilma , while I change into my flight gear : [ Continues ] What 's this thing doin ' , Elaine ? Almost half-lightspeed : Half-lightspeed ? We 're still standing still , Elaine ! Okay , gang , the ride 's over : What are you talkin 'about ? We 'rejust beginning 'to fly : ! [ Buck ] Not in my ship , you 're not : He 's gonna have to catch us first , Mark : You better back off the power : At that speed , you 're going to start phasing : [ Mark , Elaine Laughing ] [ Continues ] [ Ends ] Mark , what are we doing ? L-I don 't know : How do we stop this thing ? - [ Elaine ] Maybe if I cut the power : - Don 't ! You chop the power , the controls 'll freeze on ya ! - Nothing happens ! We 're still accelerating ! - What do we do ? Reach below the seat : There 's a red emergency box : Open it , pull the switch : And hurry ! Just sit back , keep your hands off of everything : [ Buck ] I 'm taking over by remote : All right , what exactly is going on ? L ... I don 't know : It was so strange : We 're at the Youth Center watching Andromeda , having a wonderful time when ... Yeah , and suddenly everybody went crazy : Like someone pulled a switch : I don 't buy that : " The devil made me do it " was obsolete thinking even in the 20th century : We really couldn 't stop : That 's right : I could see what was happening , but it was like watching two other people doing it : What about these two ? Have they ever been in trouble before ? No : That 's the intriguing thing : They 're two fine young people : The music again ? Yes , that had crossed my mind : Mine too : Look , about these two ... I don 't want to press charges : What are you gonna do with us ? You 're not gonna take us to the Rehab Center , are you ? - Oh , no : Worse : - Worse ? We 're going to send you home to your parents : Dr : Huer , a starfighter patrol has just found Tarkas 's body floating in space : He 's been murdered : That 's why the transmission was interrupted : That settles it : Something is seriously wrong in Musicworld : If only we didn 't have so little to go on : Why don 't I take a closer look at Musicworld ? Maybe I can come up with something : That 's a possibility , Buck : Except whoever 's behind this has been alerted , and you could cause a great deal of suspicion : - Not if there 's a good reason for me to be there : - On Musicworld ? Andromeda 's scheduled to give their first galaxywide concert in two days : - How 's that going to help us ? - It 's a natural : A man from the 20th century , the time when rock and roll was born , goes to Musicworld and introduces Andromeda to the rest of the galaxy : - It 's a great promotion : - [ Chirping ] And a great cover ! That 's brilliant , Buck : Absolutely brilliant : And the person who promotes most of the concerts on Musicworld is a friend of ours whose name is Wesland : I 'm sure he could get you into this one : Great ! I 'll prepare to leave immediately : - [ Twiki ] You 're gonna need some company , Buck : - Absolutely : Take Twiki with you : [ Theo ] It 's possible I could be of some assistance as well , Dr : Huer : I agree with you , Doctor : Colonel Deering and I can coordinate things from this end : Great : Let 's get going , guys : You kids were fantastic ! Every time you broadcast , it 's like I 'm seeing you again for the first time : Come on , you say that all the time : Because it 's true : Cirus , those double-looped afterbeats on " Stardrift " were fabulous : I didn 't think it would work : As usual , you were right : I may have an idea once in a while , but if it weren 't for this group ... Hey , if it wasn 't for you , where would we be ? That 's right , Mangros : You made us : That may be a bit overstated , Rambeau , but : : : Thank you : Karana , are you going to include " Timewalk " on the galaxywide broadcast ? Why ? The mood of that song is so quiet , so thoughtful : You see , on that broadcast we want to be always building , climbing toward a climax never reached before : Yeah : Well , listen , if you think that 's best then we 'll drop it , right ? It 's not what I think : It 's what we all think together : Give it some thought : Anything you say , Lars : Everything is set on Musicworld : Wesland has agreed to feature you as the emcee on the broadcast : He 's contacting Andromeda 's manager now : - What 's his name ? - Mangros : Apparently he 's one of the best in the music world : What do we know about him ? Nothing as yet , but Colonel Deering is going to prepare a biofile on him : Then he 'll be expecting me ? [ Dr : Huer ] Oh , yes , I 'm sure of it : Mmm , I don 't like it , Yarat : Wesland is the promoter : He insisted we use Rogers on the broadcast : I suppose he 's harmless enough : No one that close to New Chicago 's leadership is harmless : Sir , one person can hardly be a threat to you : True : I always knew I was destined for greatness : The particle ionizer is my assurance : When the transmission begins at 1900 hours , everyone in the galaxy under 30 will be in the entertainment centers : And with the ionizer at full power ... Instant uncontrollable riots : : : Among young people on every planet : All authority will collapse within a few hours : Afterward , the heads of the galactic governments : : : Will have to come to me : Then , and only then , will I restore order : What about this Rogers ? Rogers will be returning to New Chicago an hour after he arrives : : : On a hospital shuttle : That 's some welcoming committee , eh , Twiki ? I thought we were stars : I guess not : Let 's look around and see if we can find someone to point us in the right direction : [ Hangar P : A : Announcer ] Will the sonic engineer for Entro-Beat please call Control Room " K : ' " And I wanted a welcoming committee : [ Chirping ] Right behind ya , Buck : [ Chirping ] Take that , you bozo ! - Thanks , Twiki : - [ Chirping ] Glad to help , Buck : There 's a Captain Rogers here to see you : Is something wrong , Lars ? Just show Rogers in : About tonight , Lars : We 'll still be able to have dinner , won 't we ? We 'll see : Captain Rogers is waiting , Joanna : Captain Rogers : ! Come in : Lars Mangros : How good of you to come to Musicworld : I wouldn 't have missed it for anything : I can 't apologize enough : First I get the time wrong and miss your arrival : - Then the incident with those hoodlums : - Yes : Does that happen often ? Not to Musicworld natives : But some of these kids think of strangers as their legitimate prey : Well , I 'm willing to forget about it : Yes , it 's best forgotten : Listen , about the concert : Mr : Wesland felt that I 'd be a perfect emcee , but I haven 't had much experience at this sort of thing : I assumed you weren 't a professional entertainer : I 've already arranged for some writers : We 'll do everything we can to make it easy for you : Thanks : That 'll be great : I 'll have you escorted down to meet Andromeda : They 're recording right now : Fine : [ Rock And Roll ] Thank you : [ Ends ] All right , let 's try that one : So , you must be the famous Buck Rogers : And you must be the famous Karana : And you are ? Rambeau , Cirus : Hiya , Cirus : [ Technician ] Want to hear it back ? Not especially , but go ahead : [ Rock And Roll ] Enough ! [ Sighs ] What was the matter with that ? Sounded great to me : Well , we have a new soundman , and he 's not quite there yet : What happened to the old one ? Disappeared , drifted on : You know how these people are : So , we have you on Musicworld for a couple of days , hmm ? Looks that way : I 'd be glad to show you around a little : I 'd like that very much : See you back at my quarters , Twiki : [ Chirping ] Gotcha , boss : Your group has really got a great sound : It 's reminiscent of 20th-century rock and roll : Oh , yeah ? Yeah , really : [ Girls Giggling ] Hello there : There you go : Thank you : Thank you ! Every time I go out , I come back needing a hand transplant : Everybody wants to touch a hero : That 's not all they want : Autographs , pictures , advice , words of wisdom : I mean , all I am is a musician ! Not to them you 're not : They 're crazy about ya : [ Sighs ] Sometimes I think that 's exactly what they are : What ? Crazy : Look ! They 're the kind of fans we 'd like to do without : Who ? Those people in the black uniforms ? It 's strange , Buck : We 've got a huge following among those gangs : But who they are and what they do is completely opposite from everything we believe in : Have you tried reaching them , talking to them ? Yeah , we tried for a while , but then Lars said : : : That no one wanted to hear us sermonize , so we quit talking : You do everything Lars Mangros tells you ? We owe him a lot , Buck : He made Andromeda into what it is : Without him ... That pendant you 're wearing : I notice everyone in the group wears them : What are they for ? Oh , good luck , I guess : Lars gave them to us just before our first concert : He said that if we never took them off , nothing could ever go wrong : And ? And so far so good : Things couldn 't be better : He 's a wonderful person , Buck : He really is : Anything new from your end ? No new reports of youth-related violence anywhere : Hmm : And no Andromeda concerts recently either : That 's right : Colonel Deering has completed part of her research on Lars Mangros : What have you got , Wilma ? Actually , very little : Lars Mangros is some sort of musical genius : He 's generally credited for creating the Andromeda sound : The Andromeda sound : Good old rock and roll : Exactly : Before he got into music , he was a research engineer : Apparently he wrote some highly respected papers : : : Dealing in something called " particle movement theory : " - Ring any bells ? - No , I 'm afraid not , Wilma : I 'm going to the control room later tonight : Maybe I 'll find something there : That doesn 't sound safe : I don 't think there 'll be any problems : It 's been pretty quiet around here : Be careful : We still don 't know what or who we 're dealing with : So : : : Captain Rogers is not an entertainer after all : An actor , perhaps : : : But not an entertainer : Shall I send a squad to his room ? No : We need something more subtle : You wanted me , Lars ? Leave us : I wanted to apologize to you for last night : It seems I 've been letting business interfere with our relationship : I was afraid you didn 't find me attractive anymore : Joanna , you know I think you 're the most beautiful woman in the galaxy : A toast : To our new togetherness : Darling , there is one thing I have to ask of you : Anything , Lars : You do love me , don 't you ? Yes , of course I do : - I want you to prove it : - How ? Very simple : Tonight I want you to entertain Captain Rogers : Lars , I don 't even know Captain Rogers : Trust me , Joanna : And do this for me , just this once : Please ? [ Sighs ] All right : Let 's hope this microchip I found in the office : : : Can tell us something : There 's that word " veck ' " again : Dr : Theopolis , what are we looking at ? [ Theo ] This is the brain wave pattern of an adolescent human : - What are those high peaks ? - Severe disturbance , externally caused : - By what ? - I can 't determine that : Physical shock : Perhaps stimulants : How long would it take you to analyze one of Andromeda 's recordings ? A few moments : Their music has been logged in the archives : Great : Let 's do it : [ Beeping ] How are things going up there , Buck ? We may have found some connection between the music and the riots : - We 've come across some rather disturbing information down here : - What is it ? I 've been in touch with directorates on other planets : Each one of them has had problems with youth violence similar to ours : And without exception , each outbreak has followed a concert by Andromeda : I met the group : They seem all right : That may be : But can you imagine what it 'll be like after that galactic transmission tomorrow night ? But Doc , we 're still not certain it 's the music : We can 't take a chance on that : The Earth Council has voted to block the broadcast : There 's a jammer satellite in position already : If you block that broadcast , I can guarantee you you 'll have riots all over the galaxy : Why ? The kids 'll take it as a move against them : They won 't like it at all : Doc , have you ever heard the expression " veck " ? Certainly : It 's a contraction of the word " vector : " It 's used in biology , principally , and it has to do with a microorganism which carries another : [ Chirping ] Piggyback : - Yeah , but what 's it got to do with music ? - I can 't answer that : All right : Look , we 've got a few hours left before the broadcast : Maybe I can try to fit these pieces together before then : I hope so : Good luck : Thanks , Doc : [ Sighs ] Well , Theo , what have you come up with ? My analysis shows that the music could have : : : No adverse effect on anyone listening to it : That means we 're right back where we started : Wilma mentioned something about Mangros working with particle movement theory : That might tie in somehow with this vectoring : Check it out , will ya ? Certainly , Captain : Captain Rogers ? - May I talk to you ? - Sure : Uh , privately ? It 's very important : You guys mind leaving us alone ? I 'll only be a little while : [ Chirping ] Not if she can help it : See ya , babe : I think this will add something toJoanna 's visit with Captain Rogers : What is this all about ? You 'll probably think I 'm being silly : [ Buck Over Intercom ] Not if it 's important to you : I just wanted to spend some time with you : Well , maybe later we could : I just couldn 't keep away any longer : Well , uh , Joanna , that 's all very nice , but ... No , Buck , you don 't understand : Joanna , really ! Really , I think you 've got the wrong guy : - Don 't you find me attractive ? - Certainly ! Then hold me : : : Just for a moment : Please ? [ Rock And Roll ] [ Continues ] [ Joanna ] Oh , Buck : ! Let go ! [ Stops ] What am I doing ? Captain Rogers ! Nothing much : Just trying to kill me : I did ? I don 't know why ! It was like I was on the outside watching : A lot of people seem to be having that problem these days : - You gotta get outta this place : - Leave Musicworld ? Lars is here : He may be a very large part of the problem : Listen to me : Go straight to the hangar : I 'll arrange for a shuttle to take you to Earth : What if Lars finds out ? Look , if I put you on the shuttle myself , will you go ? Okay : All right , come on : I 'll meet you there in half an hour : [ Chirping ] Somebody rain on her parade ? And almost on mine : Anything on Mangros ? Quite a bit actually : He authored a highly classified monograph : : : On " The Effects of Ionized Wave Particles to Regulate Human Behavior : " May I quote ? Yeah , go ahead : " It is essential that any ionized particle transmission be amplified : : : " By carrying it on a highly charged wave such as sound : In that event , the emotions of any human may be readily controlled : ' " The piggyback method : Mangros is transmitting those ionized particles in Andromeda 's music : Correct , Captain : I did find an ionized particle transmission in the music : That 's why there can 't be a concert tonight : Let 's go see the group : - I don 't believe it ! - Neither do I : Look , Buck , I realize that you 're trying to solve this problem : But you 're missing something : Why doesn 't the music affect us ? I 'll show you why : Rambeau , would you play back your last concert for me , please ? [ Rock And Roll ] Well ? None of us are tearing anybody 's throat out : Take off your necklace : [ Screaming ] Rambeau , shut it off ! : [ Stops ] I don 't believe it : I tried to kill you : Your necklace acts as a filter : Imagine that happening to millions of kids all over the galaxy when Andromeda plays tonight : We 've got to talk to Lars : There 'll be no concert tonight : - I don 't think that 's a good idea : - What can he do ? - If we go , he 's got nothing : - That 's right : Besides , he 's been more than just a manager to us : We owe it to him to talk to him ourselves : That 's the way it 's gotta be : All right : I gotta putJoanna on the shuttle to Earth : I 'll do that while you talk to Mangros : But I want you back in my quarters in an hour : You understand ? We 'll be there : Thank you : [ Karana ] You aren 't going to deny this ? Why should I ? It 's all true : [ Laughing ] Besides , my plans hardly require your approval : : : Or even your presence : I 've got a vid-library of all your performances : Andromeda will appear tonight at 1900 hours , exactly as scheduled : And none of your mindless fans will know it 's not a live transmission : Put them somewhere safe : I 'll think of a suitable accident later : It 's been almost two hours , Twiki : Mangros must have Andromeda somewhere : He 's probably gonna try to force them to play : [ Chirping ] That 's not music to my ears : It 's not to mine , either : If we can find that ion transmitter and destroy it , Mangros can 't do anything : - [ Chirping ] But where is it , Buck ? - [ Theo ] I believe I can help , Captain : My sensors indicate at this moment it is in Mangros 's office : This is an old military satellite : - Do you have the plans stored , Theo ? - Yes : Is there some way to get to his office without being seen ? The only possibility is through the waste disposal system : That 's a way ? The only way , Captain : But unfortunately the duct is too small to accommodate a man in certain areas : [ Chirping ] How about a little squirt like me ? A little squirt ? It 's gotta work : We don 't have any alternatives : [ Chirping ] So give me a boost , Buck : Come here : Twiki , Theo will show you the way : When you find that transmitter , destroy it : [ Chirping ] Gotcha , boss : I 'm gonna try to locate Andromeda before Mangros takes some action we might all regret : Good luck : Going somewhere , Captain ? Pity : We were just coming to visit you : - I was gonna run over my speech : - I 'm sure you were : Put him with Andromeda : Why not just kill him now ? Because we want to arrange a spectacular martyrs 'death for everyone : : : After the concert transmission : Buck , what happened ? I think I zigged when I should 've zagged : [ Twiki ] I should 've brought my stilts : [ Theo ] Keep going , Twiki : The next hatch should enter into Mangros 's office : [ Twiki ] There it is : This is an unacceptable situation , Mangros : I demand to know where Captain Rogers is : We all do , Dr : Huer : After all , the concert is due to begin in minutes : That concert must not go on ! I 'm surprised at you , Doctor : Young people from all over the galaxy are waiting to hear Andromeda : Mangros , the Earth Directorate has placed a jammer satellite : : : In orbit around Musicworld : You give me no alternative but to utilize it : - Don 't be foolish , Doctor : - I 'm afraid you 're the one that 's being foolish : Tsk-tsk-tsk : How unfortunate , Doctor : Apparently some vandals must have booby-trapped your satellite : I assure you , I 'll open an investigation : : : After the concert : Good night , Dr : Huer : Enjoy the concert : [ Chirping ] L ... I can 't reach it : [ Chirping ] What 's happening ? - [ Chirping ] - [ Theo ] We will be blown into space : [ Beeping ] [ Chirping ] Uh-oh : I think I 'm in trouble : [ Chirping ] [ Twiki ] Is this what they mean by " hanging out " ? [ Chirping ] You didn 't tell me we could get flushed : [ Theo ] It was not in my files : They must have modified the system : [ Chirping ] Let 's get outta here ! [ Theo ] No , the evacuation will be periodic : We have time to try again for the transmitter : It 's like ten-point steel : Well , it 's cronide : We 've got to figure a way outta here : And hope that Twiki and Theo can get to that transmitter : Alert all security units : Full emergency status : [ Rock And Roll ] How many cycles per second do you think you can get out of this organ ? There 's no limit : What effect do you think that would have on cronide ? First we 'd have to disconnect the C : P : S : Governor ... Yeah , but then we can connect the speaker to it : Right ! Let 's get to it : [ Chirping ] The lug beat us to it : Hello : How is everybody ? [ Cheering , Shouting ] We have the entire galaxy wired for audio response , and I can 't hear you : One more time : How is everybody ? [ All ] Fine ! [ Crowd Cheering ] That 's better : All right , here they are : : : In their first galaxywide broadcast , a performance you will never forget ... Andromeda ! [ Cheering Continues ] Roll vid-version : [ Crowd Chanting ] Andromeda : ! We want Andromeda : ! [ Rock And Roll ] It 's hopeless , Doctor : Their transmission is too powerful : We can 't block it : - Ready here : - Got it ? All set : Okay , guys , here : I think you better put these on : [ High-pitched Beeping ] [ Beeping Continues ] Let 's get to the broadcast stage : - When I go onstage , turn the transmitter to full output : - Yes : Is there any other way backstage ? Keep your fingers crossed : I 'm gonna try to draw them off : [ Chirping ] These ducts are much larger , Buck , and lead directly backstage : [ Continues ] When we get to the Youth Center , I want your men to keep a very low profile : It 's too dangerous : Those kids won 't listen : We have to try : What 's the report from the other planets ? Same as everywhere else : Riots breaking out all over the galaxy : [ Continues ] All right : I 'll take out Yarat and the transmitter : When the vid-version of Andromeda stops , I want you to take its place : You 're gonna give the galaxy a real concert : [ Twiki ] And give Mangros a big surprise : We 'll be there , Buck : Okay : Let 's go , Twiki : [ Continues ] [ High-pitched Beeping ] All right , Twiki : [ Chirps ] Bombs away ! [ Beeping Stops ] - [ Stops ] - [ Chattering , Murmuring ] Youth of the galaxy , listen to me : The time has come to demand your freedom , to create your own lives : I will show you how : Andromeda will show you the way : The time is now : ! Go into the streets : Let nothing , let no one stop you ! Destroy , so we can begin rebuilding a new galaxy , our galaxy ! Who 's that wacko ? I don 't know : Follow me , people ! A ... Andromeda and Lars Mangros will show you the way ! [ Laughing ] [ Chattering , Laughing ] [ Chattering , Laughing Continue ] [ Laughing ] Oh ! Well : : : Let 's do it : [ Rock And Roll ] Arrange for the Directorate to pick up Mangros : Yes , sir : Thank you , Buck : [ Chirping ] Long live rock and roll , Buck : ! [ Chuckles ] All right !
