 So far , nothing but jungle : How about you , Wilma ? Picking up anything on infrascan ? Negative , Buck : Just appears to be another out-of-the-way planet that time forgot : Uh , shouldn 't Dr : Goodfellow have some information for us by now ? I 'll check : Searcher , this is Captain Rogers : You got anything for us yet ? Over : [ Man ] Admiral , Captain Rogers requesting communication : Thank you , Parsons : Put Captain Rogers on the vid-screen : [ Asimov ] Dr : Goodfellow has just completed his review of that ancient star chart : Ah , yes , dear boy : I 'll tell you something : I got into the chart here : The planet you 're now surveying was once inhabited : : : By a highly advanced race known as the Goral : The Goral were indigenous to that planet : That is , until they left their world in a strange mass exodus : Oh , it must 've been 10,000 years ago : - Does that planet have a name ? - A name ? I should say it has , Buck : It 's called Vor-Deeth : D-double E-T-H : Vor-Deeth ? That 's right : Crichton was good enough to translate it for me : Apparently , it means " Planet of Death : " Oh , terrific : You got any other cheery information for us ? Buck : Hold on , Doctor : We got some visual contact : Looks like some kind of ruins : Ruins , did you say ? Ooh ! Splendid ! Positively splendid , Buck : Now , I 'll tell you what : Go down : For heaven 's sake , go down , take a look , won 't you ? Yes : It 's entirely possible that the Goral ... [ Wilma ] Buck ? My photon sensor registers an energy reading : It 's got to mean that a fusion-powered ship is nearby : We 've got visual contact on it , Wilma : Searcher , we got a wrecked ship below : We 're going down : All right , Buck , but be cautious : The name of that planet doesn 't exactly fill me with confidence : Don 't worry , Admiral , we will : Rogers out : It 's pretty badly banged up : Took some fancy flying to set this thing down in a clearing this size : I 'll say : It 's an E : D : S : - 104 : Hello ! Is anybody here ? By Gideon 's trumpet , a human voice ! I never thought anyone would show up : I heard your engines , but I thought it was a flyby : The name 's Reardon : I fly interplanetary : Quadrant 8 : I 've been here nearly three weeks : We 'd better get you aboard the Searcher : We can 't do anything for you down here : Let 's take him to my starfighter : I 'll take him upstairs , and that way , you two can finish the survey : Okay : Thank you very much : It 's very kind of you : I 'd about given up hope : All you all right , Mr : Reardon ? Fine , thanks : Let 's take a look at those ruins while we still got some light left , all right ? [ Hawk ] The ship : [ Buck ] It 's gone : Vanished : Perhaps we have mistakenly come to another clearing : No , this is the right clearing , all right : There 's no doubt about that : Everything is gone ... the ship , the shelter , the campfire , everything : Vanished : [ Man Narrating ] In the year 1987 , NASA launched the last of America 's deep space probes : Aboard this compact starship , a lone astronaut , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , was to experience cosmic forces beyond all comprehension : In a freak mishap , his life-support systems were frozen : : : By temperatures beyond imagination : Ranger 3 was blown out of its planned trajectory : : : Into an orbit 1,000 times more vast , an orbit which was to return Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : What could possibly have caused Reardon 's shuttle to disappear ? I don 't know : Maybe we 'll find out further on : Wait a minute : Listen : There 's not a sound : Not an animal , not a bird : Nothing : Not even the wind : It is as though the planet were keeping quiet : : : Better to listen to us : It is astounding : Ten thousand years old : Must have been quite a place in its heyday : I wonder why they left : Perhaps a plague : Could be : Wait a minute : What 's that over there ? A religious symbol ? [ Buck ] Well , they could be : These markings remind me of Egyptian hieroglyphics : I 'm gonna holograph this for Dr : Goodfellow : He can tell us what these hieroglyphics are saying : Buck : What ? Over there : Looks like it might have been a temple at one time : I will see : [ Beeping ] Hawk ! Buck ! It looked ... I thought you disappeared : The same thing happened to you , Buck : It 's obvious that there are forces at work here that we don 't understand : Remember , it is called the " Planet of Death : " I think we better head back up to the Searcher and have a little chat with Reardon : He said he 's been down here for three weeks : Maybe he can give us some clue as to what to expect down here : Attention ! I am well aware that calling a ship 's assembly like this is most unusual : But then most unusual problems demand unusual remedies : It has come to my attention : : : That certain members of this crew : : : Have engaged in disloyal ... No : Let me amend that ... in treacherous activities ! Well , let me assure you of one thing , ladies and gentlemen : Those of you have engaged in these treasonous schemes : : : Will be exposed and punished : In the past , I 've used a light hand , allowing all to have their say : Oh , yes : Quite often , I 've simply smiled away my disagreements : But now , with certain opinions manifesting themselves into devious actions , I am taking a firm control on the helm ! Chief Petty Officer Cowan , front and center : ! Sir ! Wilma , what in the devil 's going on down there ? It 's been like this since I got back : The admiral is convinced that some of the crew are plotting a mutiny : What ? That 's impossible : Did you or did you not have the conn at 0800 hours today ? Yes , sir , I did : And isn 't it true that this ship deviated from its course by a factor of three degrees : : : For almost one full minute during that time ? Sir , there was a minor malfunction in the plasma gyros : We had it corrected in no time and resumed our proper course : It was all routine : I 'll tell you what 's routine , mister ! You steered this ship from her true course : : : In a deliberate attempt to sabotage our mission : Sabotage ? That 's enough out of you , Cowan : ! Lieutenant Parsons ! Yes , sir : Take charge of the prisoner : Chief Petty Officer Cowan is to remain under close arrest in the brig : : : Until further word from me : ! Yes , sir : I don 't believe this is happening : Cowan is completely trustworthy : He wouldn 't sabotage the ship : Take him away : The admiral must be losing his mind : Parsons is acting like some kind of two-bit tyrant : It 's totally unlike him : But what could be responsible for such a bizarre transformation ? I don 't know : It 's hard to say : But we came back to see if Reardon had anything useful he could tell us : I still think that 's the best place to start : Let 's go : [ Asimov ] Don 't think for a moment that you can lie to me and get away with it : Mr : Miller , I have reason to believe : : : That you have conspired to tamper with the fusion drive of this ship : Now , if my suspicions are sustained , I won 't wait for a formal hearing : I 'll have you summarily executed : Guards , take him away : ! Why , good afternoon , Captain Rogers , Hawk : I trust your excursion to Vor-Deeth was a pleasant one : Crichton , I can 't believe this : You 're actually being courteous today ? But why shouldn 't I be , sir ? After all , a robot owes his human masters every measure of respect : [ Chuckles ] You mean you are acknowledging that we are your masters ? You created us , did you not ? - How about you , Twiki ? - What do you mean , how about me ? Are we playing guessing games ? Twiki , are you all right ? What do you care ? What do any of you care ? Since when have you humans been overly concerned about how I feel ? All I am is a mechanical servant : Now if you 'll excuse me , I 've been summoned to the bridge : The admiral probably expects me to fix him a cup of tea : : : Or something equally important : Ha ! I don 't know what they want me to do : Always asking me to do something : Have a most pleasant day : [ Twiki ] Twiki do this , Twiki , do that : It 's discrimination , if you ask me : I think they 're both out of their heads : Incredible : Their personalities are completely transformed : Yeah , I think we better get to that sick bay as quickly as possible : No , Captain , I can 't say I 'm surprised at any of it : And what you 're telling me about my ship disappearing : : : Is nothing compared to some of the strange things I saw on that blasted planet : What sort of things ? - Well , ghosts for one thing : - Ghosts ? That 's the only thing I can think of to call them : Unless you want to say " visions : " But that seems like splitting hairs , if you ask me : Things would ... Things would appear and disappear : Even the sun seemed to come up from a different direction each morning : I tell you : The planet is cursed : And if you ask me , that 's what 's causing the strange behavior you 've been seeing here in your ship : Are you suggesting that that planet exerts a supernatural force : : : That causes people to see things and to behave strangely ? Colonel , I don 't know if you 'd call it supernatural or not : But a force , there is : That much I 'll swear to : I think we better go talk to Dr : Goodfellow : It all seems to be working all right : That we know is off : Let 's have a look here : Dr : Goodfellow : Yeah ? Oh , it 's you , Buck : Yes , nice to see you and Colonel Deering : You 're looking awfully busy , Doctor : I 'm conducting tests in an effort to account for some of the extraordinary behavior : : : That 's been occurring aboard the ship : Then you 've also noticed the people acting strangely : I have a feeling that there 's something about that planet : A magnetic field , perhaps : Something like that interferes with the normal processes of the human brain : Yes , well , we came up with a similar hypothesis , Doctor : Unfortunately , I think you should know that Crichton has also been affected : - Crichton affected ? That 's impossible : - But it 's true , Doctor : Apparently robots are not immune to whatever 's causing the strange behavior : Do I have to remind you , my dear boy , that Crichton is my own creation : I made him : I constructed him : He 's utterly impervious to any sort of magnetic interference : - Buck wasn 't questioning any of your ... - Wasn 't he , indeed ! It may be that I know little about piloting spacecraft : : : Or tramping about other people 's planets : This is where I commune with elemental forces of nature : : : And seek to uncover the mysteries of creation : Now if you 'll excuse me , I 'll finish my work : [ Sighs ] I must continue my efforts to probe the secrets of Vor-Deeth : It is obvious the doctor will be of little help to us : Yeah : He 's as flaky as the admiral , which puts us back to square one : [ Wilma ] Are you thinking what I 'm thinking ? Go back to Vor-Deeth , find out what it is on that planet : : : That 's affecting this ship ? Exactly : I 'm sorry , Captain Rogers : This part of the ship has been sealed off : Admiral 's orders : Yes , well , we 're not exactly sure that the admiral is in complete control of his faculties , so if you 'll just ... If you come any further , I 'm gonna have to use this , sir : Huh : Cowan , what are you doing out of the brig ? Let 's go : What 's the meaning of this ? Drop the weapon , Hawk : Drop it this instant : Now , what happened here , James ? Captain Rogers refused to obey my order to halt , sir : I told him you 'd ordered this part of the ship sealed off : Do you have an explanation , Captain , for deliberate disobedience to one of my orders ? Admiral , somewhere down on that planet ... I see : Apparently , whatever is causing the mutinous behavior amongst the crew : : : Has affected you as well , Captain , and both of you : Disarm them : Escort them to Captain Rogers 's cabin : See that they remain there until further orders : We could have overcome the guards : I know : I thought about that myself : I just thought we needed some time to decide : Buck , what is it ? Your cabins and mine , they 're identical , aren 't they ? Yes , except for the furnishings : I see it : Yes : The viewport is off center : The viewport 's changed , but take a look outside : Our orbit has changed : - The Omega quadrant is no longer visible : - Then the ship has moved : I 'm not sure what happened , but it was off our port bow before we left to survey Vor-Deeth : It 's not there now : I don 't know what happened , but ... But what would account for the new star reading ? I don 't think we 're on board the real Searcher : Buck , that 's just a little hard to believe : Is it ? Then how do you account for the fact that the interior has changed ? And the fact that all the people on board this ship are acting so totally out of character ? What if we 're on board a fake ? A very clever but nonetheless imperfect fake : But we piloted the shuttle here ourselves , and Wilma flew here in her own ship : Anything clever enough to fabricate a copy of the Searcher : : : Is certainly clever enough to throw our instruments out of adjustment : : : And make us believe we 're landing on the real Searcher : If the ship is a fake , what about the people on it ? They 're fakes as well : Robots , androids : I don 't know what they are , but they 're fakes : We can 't worry about that right now : The first thing we have to do is get out of this room : Yes , but how do we get past the guard ? If you gentlemen will go along with it , I think I have an idea : [ Wilma Screams ] Let me go : ! Let go , you ... Help me ! They 're trying to take over the ship ! Release her ! Stand back ! You 're under confinement : Well done , Colonel : Hated to do that : Yeah , right : Let 's go : Buck , if your hypothesis is correct , is that how we 've been tricked , aboard a fake Searcher ? If my hypothesis is correct , it 's all the more reason for us : : : To find that hangar deck and get out of here : That will not be easy with the admiral , or whoever he is , posting guard : [ Asimov On P : A : ] Attention , all personnel : Captain Rogers , Colonel Deering and Hawk have violated confinement : Find them : They are not to leave this ship : Use whatever force is necessary : All right : Steady : Let 's go : Parsons : ! I want some answers , mister , and I want ' em now : ! You won 't get away : I didn 't ask for your opinion : I want to know who you are and what 's going on with the ship : [ Explosion ] It was a duplicate of some kind : Buck ! I 've never seen anything so horrible : Nothing left but ash : Too incredible to be true : I 'm willing to bet every creature on this ship is exactly the same way : We 've got to get to the hangar deck , to our ships : I suggest you two stay here : I will see if a way is clear to the hangar deck : Okay : Hey , come on , Wilma , pull out of it : I 'm sorry , Buck , for falling apart like that : I guess I was just shocked seeing that ... that thing disintegrate : Hey , hey , you all right ? I will be : Just being close to you chases the fears away : Just hold me , please : Just hold me close : I 'm so frightened : Buck , the engine room is clear of guards : On the real Searcher , there is an access door from there to the hangar deck : Let 's hope whoever or whatever duplicated the Searcher included that little detail : You all right ? Sure : Okay : Let 's keep our fingers crossed : There they are ! The emergency access hatch to the launch bay : - An empty chamber ! - It 's a trap : ! Get back : ! They were waiting for us : It 's almost as if they knew our plans : Maybe they did : What do you mean ? Hawk is the one who suggested we try going through the engine room : Isn 't it a little suspicious that the guards happened to be waiting for us ? You are accusing me ? That is absurd : You said yourself that something strange happened to Hawk : : : While the two of you were down on Vor-Deeth : How do you know that the real Hawk wasn 't replaced by one of those ... those fakes : : : During the time that he seemed to disappear ? [ Whirring ] You cannot possibly believe what you are saying : You are frightened ! You bet I 'm frightened ! You 're trying to kill both of us ! Wilma , whatever is in your mind ... [ Man ] Right here : ! Turn it on : ! Move ! Move ! It 's a photon cannon ! [ Wilma Screams ] Wilma ! Hawk ! Over here , Buck : ! Help me : ! I 'm pinned ! [ Screams ] Buck , the cable ! High voltage : I can 't move : Help me ! - Hawk ! - Never mind me : Get to Wilma : [ Screams ] Help her out of there : That cable touches her , she dies : Buck , please : ! Hurry : ! Please : ! What are you waiting for ? - Pull her out of there ! - Buck , please : ! Hurry : ! Pull her out of there : ! Help her before it 's too late ! Buck , please ! [ Screaming ] How can you ignore her ? She 's ... [ Explosion ] I cannot believe it : Wilma a fake like the others ? How did you know ? Wilma doesn 't frighten easily : She was too upset when she was alone with me and too convinced you were an impostor : Watch your legs : Then it was the : : : Double of Wilma who : : : Somehow let the others know where we were going : We 're no closer to finding that hangar deck than we were before : But at least we know where not to look : Let 's go : [ Parsons ] Searcher calling Captain Rogers and Hawk : Searcher calling Captain Rogers and Hawk : Come in , please : Still nothing , sir : And I 've tried every voice frequency we 've got : This way : Let 's try this way : Come on : - The reactor room : - Hangar bay : Hold on : How do you know that that sign means what it says ? I understand your caution , but we must take the risk : Hawk , think about it : Nothing has been as it seems : Let 's go : Buck , Hawk ! Oh , there 's no need for that , Hawk : We 're on the same side : [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Yes , of course we 're on the same side , Buck , dear boy : Listen , listen to me : You know , you were quite right about the influence of that planet : I was able to synthesize a serum which counteracts its effects : That was good , wasn 't it ? Yes : Dr : Goodfellow and I have both been immunized , Buck : But we need your help to round up the rest of the crew : : : So that they can be inoculated as well : Nice try , Admiral : If that door does lead to the reactor room , the radiation will kill us : You won 't find your way out through there , Rogers : That 's the fusion reactor room : You ever hear the one about the lady and the tiger ? No : Just as well : [ Hawk ] The shuttle : ! [ Buck ] We got the lady , not the tiger : Let 's hope it 's for real : Mr : Reardon , what are you doing down here ? This area is off-limits : And I 've been looking all over this ship for you : I 'm sorry , Colonel : I was just getting bored up there in the sick bay : I thought I 'd take myself a little walk : Well , this is the third time you 've decided to take a little walk , Mr : Reardon : How do you expect that leg to heal if you keep putting your weight on it ? I really didn 't think I 'd hurt it any : Well , come along before Dr : Goodfellow finds out you 've been playing hooky again : Whatever you say , Colonel : [ Hawk ] Do you think they will attempt to pursue us ? That 's hard to tell , Hawk : No telling what capabilities that fake Searcher has : But if they do ... Buck ! Look : It disintegrated : Yeah , just like the fake people who were on board it : Any word yet ? No : Nothing : Sir , what do you make of this ? The photon energy reading 's practically off the scope : Admiral , I realize I have not been asked , but my sensors indicate : : : That we have been locked into a snare beam : What ? It 's true , sir : Instruments show us firmly held by a magnetic force 10 : I don 't see how that 's possible : Except for Reardon , there was no sign of life on Vor-Deeth : Possible or not , it 's happening : We 're being held prisoner : : : By something : Searcher , this is Captain Rogers : Do you read me ? Over : Searcher , this is Captain Rogers : Do you read me ? Over : Captain Rogers , Admiral : I knew Buck would be okay : Buck , where are you ? We 're on our way back , Admiral : We ... We had a little detour : You mustn 't return to the ship : We 've been caught in a snare beam emanating from somewhere on the surface of Vor-Deeth : We 're helpless , Buck : If you come back , you 'll be trapped with us : More trouble from Vor-Deeth : Yeah : Five will get you 10 that whatever fabricated that fake Searcher : : : Is also behind that snare beam : Admiral , we 're going down to Vor-Deeth , try to find the source of that beam : Good idea : Good luck : Searcher out : According to the coordinates of the tractor beam , it should be somewhere around here : Buck : What ? The temple : I might 've known : Let 's go : It 's hard to see : I sense a presence : Yeah , like before : We 're being watched : Enter , masters ! Enter , masters : ! You have done brilliantly so far : You have passed all the tests but one : Do not be afraid : You 're on the brink of securing rewards : : : Beyond your wildest dreams : - Who are you ? - At the moment , I am what you see : A gray-bearded old man stooped with age : : : And bent with a burden of 10,000 lonely years : Why are you holding our ship in a snare beam ? Because : : : [ Chuckles ] There is one more test for you to pass : If you succeed , all will be as you wish : If you fail , you , your ship : : : And all in it will be destroyed : Are you telling us that everything we went through up there , being misdirected to a fake ship , meeting fake people who resembled our own friends and shipmates : : : Was just part of a series of tests ? Precisely : And you are the first visitors in 10,000 years : : : To have survived to this point : You have my deepest admiration , friends , for the tests the Goral has devised are difficult , are they not ? You have no right to hold a peaceful vessel and its crew : : : In order to play some silly game : Release our ship : Impossible : Until you have met the final challenge : But why ? Why do you subject people to such trials ? Who are you ? I am : : : The Hand of the Goral : Their servant , if you wish : They left me here many eons ago : : : To protect their planet from intruders : : : Until the day they returned : I am a simulacrum , fashioned like the others you encountered , fashioned from a substance partly energy , partly matter , and able to become anything that is wished : Anything : [ Chuckles ] You have done well so far : You have demonstrated your intelligence and suitability for remaining on this planet : : : And soon may take your place here in this paradise : : : As my masters : So you 've fulfilled this role of guarding this planet for over 10,000 years ? Ten thousand years is but a grain of sand : : : In the hourglass of eternity : I fulfill my role gladly , for it is an honor to serve the Goral : : : And you : I can provide you with palaces and pleasure domes , with armies and slaves , with concubines and viands from a dozen galaxies : In short , I can gratify your very dream , your wildest wish : : : And answers to questions as yet unborn : Fine : Then our first wish is that you release our ship so we can get away from here : Master , I regret that is the only wish I cannot grant : The life of your ship is in your hands , not in mine : What do you mean ? The instrument for your ship 's destruction has already been placed aboard her : : : And by a member of your own crew : [ Laughs ] Discover him in time , and you will have won all : Reardon : The man we picked up here was a fake , wasn 't he ? And Wilma ... the real Wilma ... took him on board the Searcher : And it was he who was able to tell this creature how to duplicate our ship : [ Laughs ] You are indeed worthy of admittance to my masters ' planet ! Such intuition is a rare thing : We are sick and tired of playing your stupid game , old man : I want some answers from you , and I want them now ! How is Reardon going to destroy the ship ? How 's he gonna do it ? Oh , perhaps not so intelligent after all : Anger and violence do not provide solutions : Tell me , old man : I overestimated you : [ Clicking Tongue ] What a pity : [ Explosion ] Gone like the others : We gotta get back to the ship : Searcher , this is Captain Rogers : Do you read me ? Over : Yes , Buck : What have you found ? We 're returning to the ship , Admiral : You 've got a saboteur on board : It 's Reardon : He 's an impostor , a fake : We were tricked into taking him on board the Searcher so he could destroy it : You 've got to find him and stop him : Where is he ? He should be in sick bay , unless he 's taking another one of his little walks : Sick bay , this is Colonel Deering on the bridge : Is Mr : Reardon there ? [ Man ] He should be , Colonel : Just a minute : That 's funny : He was here a minute ago , but now he 's gone : I 'd better get down there : Let 's organize search teams to scour the ship : Good : Buck , Reardon 's disappeared : We 're starting a search now : How long before you 're back ? We 're on final approach now , Admiral : Buck , we have teams out searching the entire ship , but still no sign of Reardon : The fusion reactor room : It 's the most sensitive part of the ship : No sign of Reardon anywhere : We think he 's in the reactor room : Come on : Well , we know someone 's inside : The green light 's on : - Captain Rogers : - Lieutenant Parsons : Good to have you back , sir : I 've checked the reactor room for any sign of Reardon , as Colonel Deering ordered : The place is clean : Did you check the reactors for any unusual devices ? Yes , sir : Swept them with the magnetometer : Everything 's normal : Looks like your hunch was wrong : Yeah , yeah : Well , thank you , Parsons : You better stay here and keep an eye on things : Yes , sir : Let 's go : Where to now ? I don 't know : Looks like we struck a dead end : Colonel Deering : Captain Rogers : ! I just searched the supply room : It was Reardon : He changed himself to look like Parsons : It 's locked : Stand back : Reardon , we know you 're in here : You might as well show yourself and surrender : Hawk , you see anything ? Nothing , Buck : It appears as though Reardon has left the reactor room : - But how ? - Perhaps through another door : What do you mean , another door ? You know as well as I do there 's only one way out of this reactor room : Buck ? Where 's that detonator ? Where is that detonator ? Such a pity : You will leave : Ten thousand years is a long and lonely vigil : : : Without company : [ Explosion ] [ Hawk ] I found it : Attached to reactor number four : It is harmless now : Yeah , just like our friend there : It is a pity , in a way : After 10,000 years of waiting , he has failed : Yeah : Lucky for us he did : Buck , how did you know it wasn 't Wilma ? That must have been a terrible moment not knowing who to save : Well , there was a difference : A wrongness , if you will : [ Chirping ] A wrongness about Wilma ? Never ! What exactly do you mean , Buck , a wrongness ? Call it instinct , Doctor : For instance , your double was a caricature of your normal self : The mad scientist , so to speak : And you , Admiral , your double was cruel and inhuman like a Captain Bligh : But what about the fake Wilma ? What was the so-called wrongness about her ? Yes , Buck , what was the imitation Wilma like ? Well , she was so different and so opposite to the way you really are : : : That I really felt that she or ... well , you or whatever ... had lost her mind : Well , how was she opposite ? She was warm and friendly and affectionate : You ... [ Giggling ] - Oh , my poor boy ! - Why do you say that , Doctor ? Well , it just occurred to me : You must be under tremendous emotional strain : Strain ? No : Why ? Because when that simulacrum of Wilma was destroyed , well , you lost the Goral of your dreams , didn 't you ? The Goral of your dreams ! You lost her ! [ All Groaning And Laughing ]
