 [ Beeping ] [ Asimov ] We are now entering the Alpha Centauri asteroid fields : All hands to their stations : I 've never seen such a dense asteroid field , sir : This is a bad one : And magnetic storms fouling our scanners don 't help matters : But we can 't ignore a distress signal : Anything further coming in , Colonel ? Just that one time , Admiral : That looks like quite an obstacle course out there : Yes , and it 's getting worse : Lieutenant Devlin , - close the view port armor just in case : - Yes , sir : All deflector shields in place , Admiral : Crichton , do we have any input on the width of this asteroid belt ? Affirmative , Admiral : The Alpha Centauri asteroid field : : : Is 3 : 6 grids wide with stable density : You 're sure about that stability ? Really , Admiral ! If I lack definitive knowledge of a subject , I simply and unequivocally say so ! And say so and say so : However , I must warn you , Admiral , the greater we penetrate the field , the greater the magnetic storm activity will become : Admiral , it 's coming in again : I 'm sure it 's a distress signal : Buck , does this sound like a life-pod automatic distress to you ? [ Beeps ] Sure does : Devlin , get a fix on that signal : Yes , sir : Coordinates , three-five-Delta , straight ahead and drifting , sir : Four degrees starboard : Let 's intercept : Yes , sir : [ Admiral ] Life-pod approaching air lock : Engaging : In air lock : : : And secure : [ Buck ] Good Lord : He 's gold : A golden boy : He does not seem to breathe : Buck ? A trace of a pulse : You 'd better alert Dr : Goodfellow : Let 's get him out ofhere : [ Man Narrating ] In the year 1987 , NASA launched the last of America 's deep space probes : Aboard this compact starship , a lone astronaut , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , was to experience cosmic forces beyond all comprehension : In a freak mishap , his life-support systems : : : Were frozen by temperatures beyond imagination : Ranger 3 was blown out of its planned trajectory : : : Into an orbit 1,000 times more vast , an orbit which was to return Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : [ Dr : Goodfellow ] His pulse is perfectly normal now : I do believe he 's coming to : No , no , no , no : Better lie still , lie still : Yes , that 's right , my boy : Lie still : You 're aboard the explorer ship Searcher : Yes , and you 're safe : You 're safe , my little man , quite safe : I wonder whether you could help us : Do you know your name ? Could you tell us your name ? My name ? Yes : Velis : Your oxygen activator indicated that you 'd been adrift for over two weeks : We 're searching the area for other survivors : There was somebody traveling with me : Relcos was his name : Thus far your life-pod was the only one recovered : But I must find him ! I must ! Shh : We 're doing everything we can : We 're scanning the area for other life-pod signals right now : You just rest : We 'll let you know if we find anything , okay ? That 's quite right , quite right : Sleep , sleep : Let him sleep : Let him sleep indeed : What do you think , Colonel ? Do we have another distress signal or not ? The instruments are still erratic , sir , due to the magnetic storm , but it sure looks that way : According to this reading , the other life-pod has landed : : : On a planetary body called Iris 7 : Crichton , what do you know about Iris 7 ? I am not fully programmed for this star system , Admiral : However , my data indicates the planet is uninhabited : Any projections on the intensity of the magnetic field we 're moving into ? The data indicates a storm of extraordinary magnitude , Admiral : It should strike within 60 hours with a destructive force : : : Of at least 9 : 5 on the standard scale : 9 : 5 ? Life-pod or no , we 'd better make it our business : : : To get out of this quadrant long before that storm hits : For centuries , the existence of a race of golden people : : : Was believed to be a myth and nothing more : A charming fairy tale handed down from generation to generation : But now ... Now the myth proves to be reality : I simply can 't express how marvelous a development this is , Buck : Is the boy actually made of gold , Doctor ? Well , you couldn 't melt him down , if that 's what you mean : [ Muttering ] Let me help you , Doctor : Thank you , thank you : Are you all right , Doctor ? A bit shaken : What happened ? - I think we 've hit an asteroid : - I 'll check the engine room for damages : Okay : Why don 't you catch your breath for a moment , Doctor ? [ Buck ] Let 's get to the bridge , Hawk : Never mind me : Initiate a damage check : Colonel Deering 's already doing that , sir : Check the video screen , see what 's happening and how bad it is : Right : Just relax , Admiral : We 'll get this thing off of you in no time : Asteroid confirmed : We are grounded : You better tell the crew : [ Beeps ] Attention , all personnel : All right , guys , come on : One , two , three , all right ? [ Hawk ] Attention , all personnel : We have collided with an asteroid : Repeat : We have impacted with an asteroid : We are grounded : - [ Grunts ] - All right : Let 's try it again now : The bridge requests engine room damage report as soon as possible : One , two , three : - Now try : - What ? Go ahead and lift : What do you think we 're trying to do ? No , no : Try again : Lift : What in the name of Gideon 's trumpet are you all jabbering about ? Are you gonna get this thing off of me or not ? All right , come on , everybody : Let 's try again together : One , two , three : - That 's incredible : - I can 't believe my eyes : You all right ? Yes , yes , I 'm fine , I 'm fine : How in blazes did you manage that ? My people have the power to alter the molecular structure of metals : We can make them heavier or lighter by means of subatomic oscillation : Then it 's true : You 're indeed capable of psychokinetic chemistry just as the legend says : [ Laughs ] I simply must see what my friend Crichton has to say on the subject : [ Beeping ] That distress signal 's getting louder : Yes , it is : According to Crichton , it comes from a nearby planet called Iris 7 : It must be Relcos ! Please , we 've got to go there and find him ! [ Man On P : A : ] Report from engine room , Admiral : Report from engine room : No serious casualties : Inspection of forward compartments reveals extensive damage to Sections 2 , 3 , and 4 , but self-sealing has held : Energize reverse tractor beams : All astern full : Engaging reverse thruster beams : Put her in the red , Hawk : But , sir , we risk burning out the fusion reactors : If we don 't get off this rock pile before that storm hits , we 're not gonna have to worry about the fusion reactors : Now put her in the red : Yes , sir : Engaging full reverse thruster beams : She is wedged too tightly : We are not moving at all : Tractor beams off : Thruster beams off : Our mass is too great for the beams to overcome our inertia , Admiral : If making the ship lighter would get you off the asteroid , perhaps there 's hope : You 're not trying to tell me that you can make the ship lighter just as you did with the beam ? No , but my friend Relcos might : He 's larger , and his powers are much greater : So , all we have to do is go down to that planet , find your friend Relcos and bring him back here , right ? You wouldn 't try to con us , would you , kid ? [ Velis ] Con you ? I simply refuse to believe : : : That anyone is capable of changing the molecular structure of a ship the size of Searcher : Won 't you at least investigate the distress signal ? You can 't just leave him stranded down there : Young man , the more immediate problem is that we 're stranded up here : Now , your friend 's life-pod apparently made it to the planet 's surface , so I 'm sure that he 's all right for the time being : Admiral , our young friend here may be exaggerating his buddy 's powers , but can we really afford not to check it out ? Besides that , we don 't know anything at all about this Iris 7 : Relcos might need our help : You have a point : Take a shuttle down , see what you can find : Come on , partner : I 'm gonna need a copilot on this little jaunt : You might as well be the one : Let 's go : [ People Yelling ] [ Man ] He 's gold , he is ! [ Man # 2 ] Where 'd he come from ? Who found him ? I did : Pulled him out of this life-pod down by the river : Is he really gold ? Of course he is : Can 't you see that ? Precious cargo : That 's what we 've got : [ Man ] He 's all golden : ! Look at him : ! He 's a golden man : ! Ah ! Where 'd you get him at , Loran ? What difference of yours where I got him ? I found him and he 's mine : All right , to the square ! Let 's go ! [ Yelling ] [ Man ] Get him out : Put him in the stall : Okay , Hawley , out : We catch you selling watered-down liquor again , we 're gonna hang you : Now get out of here ! Bring him on in ! Come on , golden man , get in there ! Hey , hey , golden man : ! Hey : ! Hey , golden man ! Golden man , hey ! Hey , hey , golden man ! [ Laughs ] You got something to tell us , huh ? Huh , golden man ? What 's the matter ? [ Laughs ] What 's the matter , golden man ? You ticklish ? [ Man ] Get him to say something : ! He turned it to jade ! He sure did ! I ain 't never seen nothing like that ! [ Crowd Yelling ] [ Woman ] Get out of the way : ! Get out : ! Let me in here : ! Touch it , golden man ! Get back , get back ! You ! Get out of my way ! Get out ! Here , touch it , golden man : Touch it ! Touch it , golden man : [ Screams ] Silver ! He turned it to silver ! [ Laughing ] - Silver ! He turned it to pure silver ! - He can change metals : ! Change metals ? Wait : ! I wanna see this : ! Maybe he can change metal to gold : Gold ! - Look : ! He burned him : ! - Ah : ! Tricky devil , he is : ! Serves you right : ! [ Man Laughs ] What 's the matter ? That golden fella hurt you ? He 's changing the bars to glass : ! - Look out : ! He 's crazy : ! - He 's gettin 'away : ! Watch out ! Stop him ! Somebody grab him ! Don 't let him get away ! Get after him : ! A bunch of you check that way ! You men come with me ! Come on ! [ People Yelling ] So much for Crichton 's uninhabited planet : This place is a madhouse : Who are all these people ? Why are they so excited ? I don 't know : This is either Mardi Gras week or somebody 's getting lynched : Mardi Gras ? Never mind : The main thing to do is not attract attention : Come on : - There ! There 's another one ! - Over there ! I see him ! What kind of place is this ? Why did they attack us like that ? That 's a good question : At least we know your friend is here : When they saw you , they shouted , " There 's another one : " I heard : I 'm the cause of your being in this predicament , Captain , and I 'm sorry : It 's all right : Forget it : We 're not down for the count yet : Down for the count ? [ Door Opens ] Yes , sir , Mr : Graf : Right in here , sir , safe and sound , just like they was left in me charge : [ Chuckling ] Ah , they be scuffed up a mite , but they 're all right : - Your name ? - Buck Rogers from the Earth ship Searcher : We 're hung up on an asteroid : You 're not the first , and you won 't be the last : What are you doing on this planet ? I asked him to come down : When I want to hear from you , I 'll let you know : I asked what you were doing here : We 're searching for a golden man named Relcos : His life-pod landed on this planet : - What are we doing in jail ? - You broke the law : What law ? This is a penal colony : It is a certifiable offense to bring firearms into a penal colony : Your people didn 't attack me because I was carrying a weapon : They attacked me because of him : Why ? I 'll ask the questions : ! You just answer them : What is the golden man to you ? He 's his friend , that 's all : And we need him to help us get the Searcher off the asteroid : Get a ship off an asteroid ? How ? We can change the molecular structure of metal : Yes , so ? We can change its essence , make it lighter : Bring the boy : No ! No ! Get goin ' , lad ! All right , leave him : We thought , when it crashed , it was our ticket out of this hellhole : But that engine is burnt out , and the other isn 't strong enough to get us out of the atmosphere : But : : : If it were half the weight , we could put it into space : L ... I can 't make it lighter : You haven 't tried : It 's too much weight for me : I know it is : Try : [ Grunts ] I can 't do it : I 'm too small : What about the grown-up gold man ? Could he ? Relcos ? He ... He could easily lighten such a small craft : Then all we have to do is find him : And a freak like him couldn 't stay hidden too long : Put this one back in jail : Come on , boy : Get movin ' : What kind of a con job are you runnin ' on us , lad ? Either you can make things lighter than they are or you can 't or you won 't : Or you 're just plain pulling ' our leg , which is the worst of the lot : All right , get in there before I give you a swift kick where it 'll do the most good : You 're a real disappointment , lad : Never get off of this bloody rock : How are you , Captain ? Well , I 'll tell you one thing , Velis : I 'm getting awfully tired of being beaten up : [ Grunts ] Thank you : Where 'd they take you ? There 's an emergency dispatch ship that crashed here five years ago : It 's got two engines , but only one works : If they could find Relcos , get him to lighten the ship , then they 'd only need one engine to get off this planet : Mm-hmm : [ Groans ] Step into my office a minute : You lightened the beam on board the Searcher : What about these ? Instead of iron , could you turn them to tin or something ? It may be too much for me : There were four men lifting that beam , and even then I barely managed : But I 'll try : They 're getting warm : [ Velis Grunting ] I 'm sorry : I can 't : Well , that 's okay : You gave it your best shot : Wait a minute : What about these ? What could you change these into ? Almost anything : Well , partner , come the dawn , I think we 're gonna have a way out of here : Admiral , how are repairs going ? Well , we can always reinforce these damaged bulkheads , but we 're still no closer to finding a way to pull the ship off the asteroid : And no word from Buck for the past 20 hours : No : [ Dr : Goodfellow On P : A : ] Admiral , listen : Can you hear me ? I 've just come upon some information that I think you should be aware of : - What is it , Doctor ? - I was researching the holographic archives , and I found that the planet Iris 7 is not uninhabited as Crichton told us : Not uninhabited ? That 's correct , Admiral : The GalacticJudiciary established a penal colony on the planet : : : 96 years ago : A penal colony ? I will take my ship down to Iris 7 : Buck may need assistance : You 'd better be careful , Hawk : There 's no telling what you might come up against on a place like that : You may not be received very cordially : I will take certain precautions , Admiral : [ Bleating ] [ Bleating Continues ] You 're the one everybody 's looking for : Hey , it 's all right : I won 't hurt you or anything : Looks like you spent the night here : Must 've been kind of cold : Is it true that you can turn metal into silver and gold ? Can you change this into something else ? Hey , I 'm sorry : I didn 't mean to scare you : Honest , I didn 't : I want Abba : Abba ? What 's that ? - I want him : - Look , I don 't know any Abba : Um ... Are you hungry ? You want somethin 'to eat ? Come on : We 'll share my lunch : It 's all right : It 's good : Go on : It 's all right : Go ahead : It 's good : That 's it : There you go : It 's good : [ Door Opens ] I knew it ! [ Muttering ] [ Screams ] Give me the key , or I 'll tear your arm off : [ Groaning ] Give me the key , or I 'll tear it off : [ Man ] I did more than see it : I touched it with my own hand : It was silver : The golden man turned it into plain , pure silver : : : Just before he run off : If you ask me , the whole thing is crazy : Nobody 's never seen no golden man before , and now we got two of 'em ! One in jail and now there 's one on the loose : Maybe we should go find him : I don 't know where to find him : [ Graf ] Quiet : ! [ Crowd Murmuring ] One thousand gold solaries : : : To the one who brings me the golden man ! [ Murmuring ] You must want him pretty bad , offering that kind of money for him , Graf : You better tell ' em what you 're gonna do with him : [ Graf ] That golden man is our ticket off this hellhole of a planet : Make way : Clear the way : Who the devil are you ? I am Kordis Hawk , Inspector General of the RetributiveJustice Council : I have been informed that an officer from the Earth ship Searcher : : : Has been made prisoner on this planet : I want him and the golden boy who was with him : : : To be released immediately : That man ... I warn you ! There is a Federation battle cruiser standing off this planet : [ Grumbling ] If they or I are harmed , this planet will be destroyed : That man was armed : That is against Federation law : The disciplining of Federation officers : : : Will be taken care of by duly appointed officials , not by inmates from a penal colony : [ Crowd Murmuring ] [ Man ] Graf ! : Graf ! : They gone ! That fella and the golden boy escaped jail ! When the officer of the Searcher and the golden people are found , they are to be brought to me immediately : [ Grumbling ] If any harm comes to them , I will hold you all responsible : What 's your name ? Relcos : I 'm Marcos : I work here : I mean , in the livery : - Good : Thank you : - Oh , you 're welcome : It 's true ! You can change things ! Let me take care of this kid first : I gotta make sure he 's doing his work : Quick , hide ! Keep quiet : Hey , what 's going on ? What you been up to ? I don 't see any work being done : Cor ! Never seen anything like that before ! Golden fella would have to make that : You 're hiding him : I am not : Honest : You 're lying to me , I 'll take a strap to you : - Don 't hurt him : - Golden man ! Golden man ! Even split , the reward Graf s offering ? He 's been mine from the beginning , and he 's staying that way ! And I 'll take care of you later : Loran : ! Loran : ! It 's unfair : I tell ya : ! [ Velis ] Somebody following us : How can you tell ? I can see through the sacking : Okay : He 's a man wearing a cape : Yeah , hold on : All right , mister ! Hawk , what are you doing here ? Somebody had to come down and keep you out of trouble : Up there at the window : - Relcos : ! - Are you sure ? His skin was gold : I saw that much : All right , come on : [ Woman ] See ? Ain 't you lookin 'a sight now ? My , my : Just got to work on this a bit : Oh , there you go again : ! Don 't tell me it 's tickling : ! Get your mind on what this is gonna mean to us : ! From now on you and me is gonna be living high on the hog : [ Laughing ] [ Yelps ] Now wait , guv 'nor : Me and Alphie ain 't had no swindle in mind : I 'm not tryin 'to sell Alphie off as gold : Ain 't that right , Alphie ? Huh ? You brainless numbskull ! I said we was not wanting to swindle anybody : : : By painting you up this way : Just having a game with Alphie : Uh , make-believing , guv 'nor : Ma , look at him : I 'm looking : Is he real ? Did you paint him up too ? [ Crowd Shouting ] There he is : Relcos ! We know what you can do : Do it ! There 's no way we 'll get him away from that mob : Maybe there is : It worked before : [ Crowd Yelling ] Change the weight of this ship : [ Graf ] Do it : ! I want my abba : Don 't think that one 's right in the head : Well , his head don 't matter : It 's his hands what changes things : All right , now you listen to me : All we want from you is to lighten this ship : Touch the metal : We know you can change metals : Everyone has seen you do it : [ Hawk ] Exactly what is going on here ? I thought I made it clear that when any golden people were found : : : They were to be brought directly to me : Oh , yes : We were going to bring him to you : It 's just that we wanted him to do a few tricks first : [ All Laughing ] Such as aiding and abetting an escape ? Escape ? We don 't know what you mean : Abba : Abba ! Abba ! I missed you , Abba : I was scared : [ Velis ] And I missed you too : You all right ? They didn 't hurt you ? Captain Rogers : ! I suggest that you escort these two golden people to your shuttle : : : And then return them to the Searcher immediately : Yes , Inspector : It is clear that you intended to use the golden man 's powers : : : To make this ship operational and leave the planet : The penal law says we can run our own planet : Only within the confines of its own atmosphere : Lawlessness and the disregard for established law cannot be tolerated : And moreover , I intend to find out who is responsible for shooting down this ship : Just a moment : Everyone on this planet knows the ship crashed in a magnetic storm , and the authorities know it too : How is it you don 't ? [ Crowd Murmuring ] Yeah : How come you didn 't know about this here ship , Inspector ? Maybe he 's no inspector at all : I have had enough of this impertinence : Out of my way ! You haven 't answered my question , Inspector ! He ain 't no Inspector General : [ Man ] He 's a birdman : ! He tricked us , did he ? He 's a fake : ! Somebody grab him : ! Stop him ! Stop him ! Don 't let him get away ! After him ! Capture him ! Whoa ! Sounds like you started a riot : I have , and it is right behind us : Get out : Move : Go : Come on , move : Here : ! They 're there : ! Golden people : ! [ Yelling ] Golden people ! Running down the alley ! There ! Down the alley ! Come on ! Can 't you see ? Let 's get ' em ! Wait : Follow me : Graf is mine : Be my guest : - [ Man ] There they are : ! Don 't let them get through : ! - [ Buck ] Hurry up : ! Come on ! Come on , let 's go ! [ Man ] They 're getting away : ! Come on : Get ' em through the gate , Hawk : Move , move ! Grab the golden man : ! Grab him : ! Grab him : ! Come on , come on : Come on : Okay , guys , do your stuff : Fuse the lock : The bars , Relcos : Think the bars : Hold on tight : I can fuse the lock shut : Relcos will take care of the bars : That 's right , Relcos : Think about the bars : Make them hot : Make the bars very hot : Good : It 's working : Go , go , go : Move ! [ Screaming ] [ All Shouting ] [ Wilma ] Storm intensity increasing : [ Beeping ] Life-pods standing by for emergency launch , Admiral : How are they doing down there ? Captain ? The admiral would like to know how you 're doing : Just about ready : Tell everybody up there to hang onto their hats : Attention , all personnel : Prepare for full reverse thrust : All right : Ready anytime you are : Relcos : Whether or not we all get home safely is up to you now : If you don 't do just as I tell you , this ship could be destroyed : : : And we 'd have to go back down to those men who frightened you : - Do you understand ? - Yes , Abba : Abba ? I want you to concentrate : Close your eyes : : : And think about the metal the ship is made of : We want to make it light , Relcos : Very , very light : Very , very light : Yes : Yes , Relcos : That 's it : Concentrate : Think about the metal : All right , guys , get ready : All right , Admiral : Hit those tractor beams now : Activate tractor beams , Devlin : That 's it , Relcos : Don 't stop : Make it light ! - She moved : - That 's it : Don 't stop : Don 't stop , Relcos : Admiral , I 'm afraid she can 't possibly take much more of this : I fear we 're going to rip the whole bow to pieces if this keeps up : If we stop now , the storm will do a lot more damage than rip the bow off , Doctor : [ Devlin ] She 's coming loose : ! [ Wilma ] Hang on : ! Watch out : ! She 's breaking free : ! Bow pressurization , Devlin ? Three standard atmospheres : No major structural damage , sir : You all right ? Relcos , I think you did it : You were fine , Relcos : That was very , very good : Relcos was good ? Relcos was very good : I 'm proud of you : Relcos was good : Good-bye and good riddance : See how Buck and the others are : Buck , how you doin ' down there ? Fair to middlin ' , considering what we just pulled off : Pulled off ? Is that what he said ? [ Laughing ] Pulled off ? Shame on ya , Captain Rogers : Shame on ya : Pulled off indeed ! Um , Velis ... Excuse us , Relcos : Could you step over here for a second , please ? Hawk : Listen , what exactly is going on between you and Relcos ? You mean why Relcos seems to depend on my support and guidance perhaps ? Well , yes : Captain Rogers , it is hardly surprising : : : That Relcos has been frightened and confused by the events of the past few days : After all , a five-year-old can hardly be expected : : : To handle such things as well as a full-grown adult : Are you trying to tell me that Relcos is five years old ? Precisely , Captain : The people of Vela 5 have many attributes that are quite different from yours : Perhaps the most significant : : : Is the fact that our life cycles are reversed : You see , Relcos is my son : Oh : It goes without saying we owe you a debt we cannot possibly repay : The survival of our ship : : : And , of course , the lives of us all : Not to mention the privilege of having you among us : The mere fact of your existence has filled us with a sense of awe and scientific excitement : Something we haven 't felt in years : The appreciation is mutual , I assure you , gentlemen : Had it not been for Captain Rogers and Hawk , I would never have been reunited with my son : Can you say thank you to Captain Rogers and Hawk , Relcos ? Thank you : It was our pleasure , young man : I bet you can 't do this : [ All Laughing ] [ Wilma ] Gentlemen : The shuttle from Vela 5 has docked : Thank you : Should you ever find yourselves in the vicinity of Vela 5 , I 'd be very pleased to have you visit : Thank you again and good-bye : Come , Relcos : Time to say good-bye : But I don 't wanna go : I like it here : ! I don 't wanna go : ! Relcos , say good-bye : Oh , all right : Good-bye , everybody : Good-bye : Bye : Take care : I don 't wanna go ! Why do we have to go anyway ? Relcos , I 'm not telling you again : You behave yourself , or you 'll go straight to bed as soon as we get on the shuttle !
