 How much longer ? Koori : [ Laughs ] Hawk , it is taking forever : Whenever we 're on our way home , you always say , " It takes forever : " [ Giggles ] It is the same distance coming or going : - You would think we 'd been gone for a month : - Two weeks : Twelve days : And you were homesick after three : Your mother will behave as if you 'd been gone a year : And Father will be gruff , I know : It 's always the same , isn 't it ? [ Chuckles ] If only you could persuade them to come with us to the soaring place : [ Sighs ] Perhaps you would not be so ... - What is it ? - Fires : By the caves : Something is wrong : Hawk : Hawk , what does it mean ? I do not know : [ Gasps ] Mother ! Mother ! [ Sobbing ] Mother : Both of them are dead : [ Crying ] They are all dead : [ Crying Continues ] Humans : Humans : I shall kill them all : All humans who cross my path : And I shall keep killing them : : : Until they have killed me : This I swear by you : : : The ancient god of our people : [ Man Narrating ] In the year 1987 , NASA launched the last of America 's deep space probes : Aboard this compact starship , a lone astronaut , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , was to experience cosmic forces beyond all comprehension : In a freak mishap , his life-support systems were frozen : : : By temperatures beyond imagination : Ranger 3 was blown out of its planned projectory : : : Into an orbit 1,000 times more vast : An orbit which was to return Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : Well , good morning , Colonel : Good morning , sir : How 's absorption coming ? Very well , Admiral : Chief says that all solar screens will be recharged by 0900 , Mmm : And we can start shakedown any time after that : Well , at 0900 the great search really begins : Yes , I suppose it does : I 'll relieve you now : Oh , thank you , sir : [ Clears Throat ] I believe you have a station , Simmons ? - Yes , Colonel : - I suggest you find it : [ Clears Throat ] The least you could do is say good morning : [ Scoffs ] It appears to me , Captain Rogers , that you were well on your way to organizing a very good morning of your own : Without any help from me : Good morning : You know , Colonel , this is fast becoming a very stuffy century : Tsk , tsk , tsk , tsk : One word out of you , I turn you into a can opener : I don 't understand why you keep getting angry with one another : You always make up : Well , that 's the best part : Fattening : Mm : Repeat : [ Whirring ] I 'm glad to see you 're finally off food discs ... [ Clears Throat ] At least for breakfast : Twiki thinks I 'm innocent : He 's innocent , Wilma : Twiki thinks we oughta make up : Yeah : That 's right : Twiki likes it when we make up : - Uh-huh : Uh-huh : - " A stuffy century " ? [ Laughs ] I think the sun just came out : Oh , there you are : Good morning : Good morning : Oh , good morning , my dear Colonel : You look beautiful : You obviously had a good night , yes ? Good morning : Nice to see you : Let me just feel your pulse : [ Laughs ] Excellent : Excellent : How are you ? Fine , Dr : Goodfellow : How are you ? Yes , yes : See the condition you 're in : [ Chuckles ] You just want to shake it a little bit : I needed it : Where 's little Twiki ? Little Twiki , hello : Good morning , Dr : Goodfellow : Why don 't you take my pulse ? Oh , dear me : Oh , dear : I wish I could : You haven 't got one , you know : He ought to have one , oughten he ? Mmm : We could get him a little pulse : Rent him one somewhere , couldn 't we ? Just a one-cylinder one : What do you think of that ? Maybe even a two-cylinder one : [ Muttering ] Twiki tells me you 've been " banking " Crichton , Doctor : Crichton ? Yes : A truly remarkable robot , I tell you : That 's the understatement of the century : Century ? No , no : Not century , Colonel ... millennium : Do you know he 's absorbed an entire millennium in the last three days ? And he 's extraordinarily attuned to the unusual : Do you know what he said to me this morning ? He told me that the tongue ... listen to this ... The tongue of a blue whale can weigh as much as a full-grown elephant : [ Laughs ] Oh , come , Doctor : That 's a little hard to believe : Difficult to swallow , you mean ? [ Chuckles ] - Oh , Doctor : Really : - Just a little joke : Perhaps it 's a bit early in the morning : [ Laughing ] [ Man On P : A : ] Captain Rogers : Captain Rogers : Rogers here : I thought you and Colonel Deering might want to come up to the bridge , Captain : Our scanners have picked up something in " Q ' " quadrant : We 'll be right there : Can you make it out ? Not yet , sir : Throw it on master screen : A meteor ? No , sir : It 's not moving fast enough : Well , whatever it is , it just seems to be drifting out there : - Maybe it 's a gas cloud : - No , sir : Scanners tell us it 's solid : Looks like it might be a ship : If it is a ship , Colonel , its engines are dead : - Energy sensors aren 't picking up anything : - They are now : Just barely : It could mean there 's life on board : Give us plasma drive , Chief : Let 's close : Aye , aye , sir : Yeah , it 's a ship all right : But I 've never seen that design before : Ship computer registers no record of such a configuration : Crichton : We banked him on every aircraft and space vehicle since the Wright brothers : Twiki , get him up here : Crichton , you are ordered to the bridge at once : [ Crichton ] I have asked you on several occasions , Twiki , not to give me orders : - You are not a human : - But , I was ... You listen to me , kettle belly : This is Admiral Asimov : You get up here to the bridge now ! Oh , very well , Admiral : By robotic law conceived by some distant and overweening ancestor of yours , also named Asimov , I am obliged to obey your commands : However , this is an appalling inconvenience : Move ! I am en route : Anger is a destructive emotion : : : By which robots fortunately are not afflicted : Goodfellow , you built that irritating pile of junk : Can 't you build some respect for authority into him ? I 'm afraid not , Admiral : It appears that Crichton doesn 't believe I constructed him : - He doesn 't what ? - He finds it inconceivable : : : That anything human had a hand in his creation : I don 't think I believe what I 'm hearing : Well , his life span is virtually unlimited : His factual knowledge far exceeds that of any of us : And he is , I 'm afraid , just a trifle contemptuous ofhuman frailties , to which he 's not subject : [ Laughs ] - You find that funny , Rogers ? - Sorry , Admiral : Now look here , Goodfellow , if that ridiculous lamppost doesn 't believe that humans made him , who , in the name ofTheseus does he think did ? Well , he hasn 't quite decided that yet : But his speculations are , to say the least , provocative : I 'll just bet they are : - [ Clears Throat ] - [ Whirring ] - Crichton is here : - Hallelujah : I sincerely hope this colloquy will be brief : I am busy acquiring the second millennium : The admiral wants to know , Crichton , whether you can identify the vessel we are approaching : Really , Colonel : If it is identifiable : : : Then it stands to reason that Crichton can identify it : Then do it ! There , on the screen : Where does it come from ? [ Crichton ] It is not from any known planet : Its design is reasonably close to those built in the farthest regions of the Vega quadrant : If you wish to discover its point of origin , it would be logical to look beyond Cygnus in the ancient system of Argus : - Is that all ? - Yes , that 's all : W-Wait a minute : Is it true that you don 't believe Dr : Goodfellow made you ? Oh , dear : Are we back to that ? I clearly understand why a human would want to take credit : : : For creating something as perfect and as beautiful as I am : But the concept is utterly ludicrous : Good day : I 'm going to take a hacksaw to him : - [ Buck ] Good Lord : - What is it ? It 's the derelict , sir : That ship 's a wreck : She looks like she 's been holed by a broadside from an armada : We 're still getting a minimal energy reading : Tractor beam : Let 's lock up : How could there be any life in here ? [ Buck ] I don 't know : [ Creaking ] The sensor says there should be : - [ Wilma Gasps ] - Easy , Wilma : He didn 't know what hit him : He died as soon as the ship was holed : Hold it , Wilma : According to this sensor , there should be something right behind that door : - Who are you ? - Captain of the freighter : - Satellites ofThrom : - Who attacked you ? Ghost : Ghost : In the sky : - Ghost ? - Out of nowhere : Attacks humans : Destroys : One man blew this ship apart ? Not a man : - A hawk ! - Hawk ? Stop him : Someone 's got to stop him : He is a devil : Are you trying to tell me : : : The thing that did this is a bird ? Hawk : [ Groans ] You 're so far away from me : I cannot help that : Had our people not chosen to live the simple life of our ancestors , they would not have been so vulnerable to the guns of human assassins : When you began to strike against the humans , I felt as you did : Yes , they must be forced to pay for what they did : And now you think they have paid enough : Is that it ? I did not say that : They have come against us with fury and death for as long as any of us can remember : If there is any justice in creation , they should be forced to taste the agony they have visited upon us : Then ? I do not care about them now : I care about you : Each time you strike against them , something leaves your spirit : You no longer smile : You are changing , Hawk , and it frightens me : Fascinating : Absolutely fascinating : If true : But we 're about convinced he was out of his head : Yes , yes : Tragic : Tragic : But then someone or something had to have ravaged his ship : I mean , we saw all that devastation , didn 't we ? Space pirates , Doctor , maybe : But not a birdman : Yes , I know you both have your doubts : But you say the captain kept talking of a hawk : If only we could capture him alive , it would mean confirmation at last : : : Of age upon age of legend and conjecture : I 'm so excited : No one could possibly have guessed , Doctor : - [ Chuckles ] - [ Man On P : A : ] Now hear this : All personnel to stations : Rig for plasma drive : Well , Doctor , we may all be getting our answers soon : It looks as if we 're headed for Throm : : : If we can find it : Star charts for anything beyond Cygnus , Admiral , are very ancient and very confusing : But if I 'm right , that star there is Argus : And that should be the planet Throm dead ahead : Well done , Lieutenant : Thank you , sir : It 's smaller , but it looks a lot like Earth : Indeed : Indeed it does : Fits my theory precisely : So that 's the nest of Mr : Hawk , huh ? [ Asimov ] Move in as close as possible , Chief , and go to microscan : And good hunting , Buck : I 'll keep in touch : - You didn 't say be careful : - What for ? - It never does any good : - [ Laughs ] [ Man 's Voice ] Communication tower to vessel in Alpha 4 quadrant : Identify yourself , please : This is Captain Buck Rogers out of the Earth ship Searcher : I may be lost : I 'm looking for Throm : This is Throm : You 're talking to the Communications Center in the city-state of Neutralis : Do you wish to land ? Yes , if it 's permissible : Certainly , Captain : Welcome : There is a guide beam in your quadrant : Understood : Shuttle out : [ Lever Clicks On , Static ] It 's Throm all right : I 've got permission to land : What 's the atmosphere look like down there ? Atmospheric density and composition all close to Earth : Normal : What about those big buildings on the outskirts of town ? Can you make out what they are ? Well , they look to us like some sort of space facility : Could be a service center : Doesn 't make any sense : Most of the planet looks uninhabited : - What could they be servicing ? - We wondered about that too : Well , we 'll find out pretty soon : I 'm picking up a guide beam : I 'll get back to you as soon as I check out the social life : Rogers out : Wow : You look a little lost , sir : Does the cosmopolitan nature of our city confuse you ? No , no : Not at all : I 'm just thinking what a great basketball team you guys would make : Basketball ? It 's , uh , not important : [ Forced Chuckle ] - May I help you ? - Well , yes : As a matter of fact , I need some information : Of course : There are some spacecraft hangars and large machine shops on the outskirts of town : I see : You must be from a very distant world not to know the machinists ofThrom : We have one of the finest service and repair facilities : : : In the entire galaxy here in Neutralis : Well , I noticed the buildings from the air before I landed , but they 're not camouflaged , and no interceptors came to meet me when I entered your airspace : We have no need of fighter ships here , sir : Weapons are not even permitted in our city : We are neutral here , sir : Neutral in all quarrels : I see : You mean if I were involved in acts of violence against others : : : And my fighter needed repairs , you 'd provide them with no questions asked ? We pass no judgments : We 're merely businessmen : - We provide a service for all who require it : - For all ? Then it would be safe to assume that you also service the fighting ship of a man named Hawk ? Mr : Thordis , my name is Rogers : I 'm from the Earth ship Searcher : This man Hawk has been attacking human outposts all over the Argus system : I 've been vested with authority by the Galactic Council to stop him : You must excuse me , sir : I do not wish to be discourteous , but I 'm already somewhat late for an appointment : Good day : Thordis , we 've been looking for you : We just came from the hangar , and our ship 's not ready : I 'm aware of that , Mr : Flagg : But the laser damage to your vessel was more extensive than you indicated : There 's no possible way your ship will be spaceworthy for at least 48 hours : Well , if ours isn 't ready , you 're gonna have to find us another one : I 'm sorry , but there 's not a single vessel available for sale or lease in all of Neutralis : - Unless ... - Unless what ? Unless that stranger who just arrived would lease you his vessel : Hey ! You there : We hear you 've got a ship : Yeah , what about it ? Well , we need a ship , and we need it badly : We 've got to be off this planet by tomorrow morning : Forget it : Now wait a minute : Wait a minute : You haven 't even heard our offer yet : - One thousand for 24-hour rental : - Take your hand off my arm : Two thousand : Maybe we can make a deal at that : - You guys do a lot of flying around this system ? - Enough : Why ? Well , then you could probably tell me where I could locate a pilot called Hawk : Look , you want transportation , I can provide it : - If you tell me where I can find Hawk : - He minds his business and we mind ours : Okay : Buy the ship outright : Five thousand kroffers : We need that ship : Absolutely nothing : The mere mention of Hawk 's name puts them into a deep freeze : But this has got to be where he has his ship serviced : Well , if nobody will talk about him , how do we find him ? And it could be months before he brings his ship in for servicing : Well , I was hoping there 'd be a better way : I 've been kind of expecting some company all night : So far , they haven 't shown up , but ... Company ? Yeah , some hardnoses in town were very interested in my shuttle , and I had an idea that , uh ... [ Banging ] [ Exhales ] I 'll get back to you : Who is it ? Somebody who can give you the information you 're looking for : And what information is that ? I know where Hawk can be found : At what price ? If you open the door , Captain , we can discuss it : It 'd be dangerous for me to be seen out here : Sure , I 'll open up for you : Well , Captain Rogers : [ Air Whooshing ] [ All Gasping For Air ] [ Grunts ] Now where do I find Hawk , huh ? Huh ? Where ? [ Panting ] Tell you where and have him after me ? [ Chuckles ] I 'd rather have you after me : Are you sure of that , huh ? [ Scoffs ] You 'll get nothing from me : Not about the Hawk : Mister , you are getting to be a real problem : The repairs to your ship will be completed within the hour : None of us have ever seen a ship as badly damaged as yours : It 's a miracle you were able to land it : We 've heard what happened to your people , and the war you 've begun against the humans : Yes , I know : It 's none of our business : But always you 've moved among us in peace : We do not wish to see you die : Word of what you 've done has spread beyond Argus : There was a man in the city today searching for you : A man named Rogers from the planet Earth : I think he 's a very determined man , and he carries with him the authority of the Galactic Council : I do not think he 'll rest until he 's found you : Where you been ? I 've been to town , Mr : Flagg : You got through the men ? Men ? What men ? I think they 've written you off : What do you got there ? This is just some things I went shopping for in town : It 's your outfit for your debut : You 'll be interested in this : A grass skirt : I hope it 's the right size : And a dog collar , Mr : Flagg : You see , I 'm going to lead you into town with flowers in your hair : I 'm gonna make you the laughingstock of the galaxy , Mr : Flagg : I 'll kill you : So help me , I 'll kill you ! Do we talk , or , um , do I lead you into town as the new Miss Galaxy , hmm ? I don 't know where Hawk is now : Nobody knows : But sometimes , he and that birdwoman ofhis : : : Are in a place called Valley of Eagles : Birdwoman ? You mean Hawk really is a bird ? Part of him his : At least , he 's like no man you 've ever seen : And I 'll tell you something else , you ever meet him in the air , you 're gonna wish you hadn 't : Well , we 'll see about that , Mr : Flagg : Where is this Valley of Eagles ? Beyond the second range to the north : All right : Well , thank you , Mr : Flagg : You 've been most cooperative : You are familiar with the exit , I believe ? You and I are going to meet again , Captain : You can count on that : [ Switch Clicks , Static ] Searcher , this is Rogers : I 've got a line on where we can find this Hawk : If my informant is correct , he 's in a place called Valley of Eagles : And in case you 're interested , he really is a hawk : Is Wilma there ? I 'm here , Buck : Wilma , it 'll take me about two hours to get there in the shuttle : Can you meet me there in the starfighter ? - All I need is the coordinates : - Well , I 'm not sure what they are : But it 's the second mountain range just north of Neutralis : I 'm on my way : All right , Mr : Hawk : [ Switch Clicks , Engine Powers Up ] Here we come : At least listen to me : Listen to me : You must listen to me : Doctor , I simply cannot take you down to that valley : [ Sighs ] Buck would have my scalp and so would the admiral : The admiral doesn 't have to know , Colonel : I mean , no one ever pays any attention to me : They wouldn 't even notice I wasn 't there : I suppose that 's really my fault : You know , sometimes I lose eternity in the passing instant : But in this case , that perhaps would be a fortuitous circumstance wouldn 't it ? Doctor , I would like to oblige you , I truly would : But if Hawk is there when we arrive , there could be a fight , and we can 't afford to lose you : My life 's nothing , Colonel : Nothing compared to the knowledge that may be gained : He 's a bird : Buck said so : Now where does he come from ? I have my suspicions , you understand : A hypothesis which I 'm afraid to articulate at this moment : But if it should be fact , if all the speculation ... all of it ... would come together , this could be as great a discovery as the tomb ofTutankhamen : Doctor , I ... I 'll be no trouble : I 'll be as quiet as a mouse : But I must see that valley , even if Hawk isn 't there : I must see how he lives , where he lives : The clues to his evolution could be there : Don 't you see how important it is , Colonel ? Mmm , all right , Doctor : Come on : Are you all right , Doctor ? Me , all right ? Oh , I should say so : I am absolutely splendid , Colonel : I haven 't felt like this since I was a boy and used to ride the roller slides on Mars : [ Chuckles ] [ Wilma ] You mean there really were bird people on Earth ? Well , there 's substantial evidence that there were : To this day , you know , there are hundreds of stone carvings on Easter Island near Tahiti : Carvings and what they call petroglyphs of winged men : Men with power of flight : And their wings ending in fingers , much like our own : How much longer before we get there ? Well , we 're over the second range now : The question is , is where is his nest ? Hidden , no doubt : The hawk 's a solitary bird : Guards his dominion fiercely : Perhaps below a majestic peak : Look , I can see : Look , there : What do you think ? Good a place to look as anywhere , I guess : Doctor , you must be psychic : That 's got to be it : Hang on : We 're going down : [ Engine Approaching ] [ Dr : Goodfellow ] Yes , yes : Very remote : Very desolate : Precisely the kind of terrain I 'm sure he 'd choose : I think we must be very close to his nest : Oh , my goodness gracious : What is it , Doctor ? It 's Make-Make : Who is Make-Make ? He 's the great god of the bird people on Easter Island , yes : And he 's here , I may tell you , in front of our eyes : Millennia and light-years away from his place of origin : I 'll tell you something else : Hawk will be here too : He must be : Come along : Carefully : Carefully : Mind where you go : Oh : There 's the cave , I tell you : And look at this : Look at this : Look at this : Another statue : Do you know what that is ? That 's one of the ancient bird people themselves : Oh , I 'm overcome : I 'm over ... [ Kiss ] overcome : Just a moment , Doctor : What ? We don 't know what 's inside that cave : It doesn 't matter , my dear child , what 's inside : We must go in : We must , absolutely must , see what 's in there : My child , I hope you understand what 's happening here : We may be on the brink of unraveling the mystery of eons : Oh : Look , look : By Thor , by Theseus , it 's true : I am right : Look , look , look : You know what those are ? Those are the exact duplicates of the drawings on Easter Island : They may have been made 10,000 years B : C : Oh , my child : My child : Can 't you understand what that means ? Well , it means that man ... or rather , bird people ... came to the stars long before we put men on the moon : Exactly : That 's precisely what it means : [ Chuckling ] Oh , look , look , look : Look over here : These drawings here are identical with the ones I discovered in the archives : They may even have been created by the same artists : Hawk 's people must 've come from old Earth : There 's no other possible explanation from what we 've found : Oh , if only I could chip a bit off that rock : I might be able to determine just exactly how old they really are : In fact , Crichton could do it : I know he could : - Why with his analytical abilities ... - [ Wilma Cries Out ] - Are you all right , Doctor ? - Yes : We seem to be entangled in some sort of enormous web : Probably the work of a mutant variety of Lycosa tarantula : Oh : Extraordinary : Simply extraordinary : Wilma ! [ Voice Echoes ] Wilma ! [ Echoes ] Wilma ! Wilma ! - [ Wilma ] Buck : Buck ? - Oh , my God : Just hold still , Wilma : [ Coughing ] Are you all right ? The doctor : [ Continues Coughing ] I know I shouldn 't have brought him : But it was so important to him : - And he did make a wonderful discovery : - So have I : Oh , Buck , I can 't tell you : It 's so wonderful : Yes , I 'm so glad to see you : You know , you 'll never believe what we found : Hawk 's people , who made the statues on Easter Island , must have come here before Atlantis fell : - It 's a miracle : - Miracle time is over : Wilma , get him out of here : I know it was very naughty of me to insist that Colonel Deering let me come along , Captain ... Doctor , would you like me to carry you bodily out of there ? Well , of course , if you 're gonna be rude , gonna be miffed , I mean ... [ Mutters ] Never seen him so testy before : You 'd think he 'd at least show some respect for the marvels of antiquity : Yes , yes , Doctor : I know : Captain , if it wouldn 't be too much trouble , get me a chip off that rock , will you ? [ Whispering ] Wilma , get him out of here : Get that shuttle out of this valley : [ Screams ] Sorry : If I 'd known you were a lady , I would 've done that more gently : Who are you and why have you come here ? My name is Captain Buck Rogers : I 'm from the spaceship Searcher out of Earth : - I 'm looking for a man called Hawk : - [ Sighs ] I have never heard of anyone called Hawk : That 's strange , since I understand he 's half-bird and half-human just as you are : Human ? If he heard you call him that , he would tear you to pieces : There is nothing human about him or me : Nothing ! I take it you don 't care much for humans : Care for them ? Destroyers : Assassins : All of them : That 's what you are , isn 't it ? An assassin sent here to kill Hawk ? I 'm not here to kill anybody : I was sent here to find Hawk and try and bring him back with me : And if he does not return with you , which he will not ? You know an awful lot about a man you 've never heard of : Listen to me , Earthman : I do not know who sent you to this place : But you can thank whatever ugly gods you worship that Hawk is not here : Well , thank you : At least now I know he 's not here : - Where is he ? - Away : - For how long ? - A day : A week : A month : Perhaps two months : - Do you wish to wait ? - Wait for two months ? - No : Now that doesn 't make much sense , does it ? - If you go from here now , you will live : - Wait , and you will die : - Perhaps : Do you think he will just walk in here and let you shoot him from the shadows ? No , human : He will fly over this valley , and he will see your ship and blow it into so many grains of sand : - Well , there you 've got a point : - Why don 't you go back where you came from ? You will never capture Hawk : Even if you search for him , you will never find him : No one who ever searches for Hawk can find him : Well , I 've heard he 's pretty elusive : Uh , do you have anything you 'd like to pack before we go ? Go ? What do you mean go ? Leave here : Together : See , you 've convinced me : It makes no sense whatsoever to wait here for Hawk : If you take me anywhere , Hawk will follow and destroy you : You did not hear me : Hawk will follow and destroy you : Yes , I heard you : The key word is " follow : " See , if Hawk is so elusive that I can 't find him , does it make sense to have him find me ? You are a devious man , human : I 'm kind of taken with you too : [ Grunts ] [ Yelling Hawk 's Name ] [ Yelling Continues ] Koori ? You are a dead man : That 's funny : I feel okay : Maybe there 's hope for me yet : There is no hope for here is Hawk : I am Hawk , human : So I hear : This is Captain Buck Rogers from the Earth ship Searcher : I know who you are , Earthman : Save your breath : - And I know you have my mate aboard : - Then you know you can 't attack me without risking her life : - So land and surrender : - No : Then I 've got no choice but to shoot you down : You may find that more difficult than you think , Captain : Look , I don 't wanna kill you , Hawk : My orders are to stop your rampages one way or another : Rampages ? No , Earthman : Retributions : Retributions for eons of genocidal crimes against my people : : : By humans : I 'm not here to judge you , Hawk : Just to bring you back to answer for what you 've done : You are here to die , Earthman : You don 't seem to understand the situation , Hawk : If you shoot at my ship , you also shoot at your mate : It will not be necessary to destroy your ship , Rogers : I shall drive you from the sky , force you to land , and you will release Koori to me on my terms : - Not on your life : - Let us see then which of us shall survive , Captain : You have your intricate technology : I have only instincts : : : Honed by half a million years of evolution in flight : Don 't be a fool , Hawk : The odds are all against you : I do not think so , Earthman : You see , the one thing your instruments cannot do : : : Is anticipate : You 're right , lady : That man can fly : He is not a man : He is Hawk : - Soon you will know what that means : - We 'll see : Not bad , Hawk : But one pass does not a battle make : There will be others , Earthman : Here is one of them : Bad move , Mr : Bird : It 's over before it begins : A miss : Did you really think it would be so easy , Earthman ? Just a demonstration , Captain , that your instruments will not help you : Do you not see you have no chance ? There is Throm : Go down and release me , and he might let you live : I 'll go down : Better , Earthman : Better : But you have missed your last chance : These childish maneuvers , they begin to bore me : Earthman , follow if you can : [ Laughs ] What now , Earthling ? It is useless to look for him : When he folds his wings , it means he will strike : He 's either buried in the heart of that mountain , or we 've lost him : Believe what you will , Earthman : He is coming : [ Loud Gasp ] - [ Koori Screaming ] - Hawk , she 's hurt ! You speared her : - Koori : - Hawk : [ Gasps ] It was my ... my fault : - Release me : I 'll land : - I cannot release you : The talons retract up and back ... to rip your wings and force you to land : [ Over Radio ] It would tear her to pieces : - Then get us down : She 's bleeding badly : - Release your controls : - Release them , or we all die : - You can 't land two ships together : The torque would be too strong : I will land in the jungle : L-I will manage a controlled crash : - Release : - All right : [ Gasping ] Get ready for the strain : I 'm releasing : : : Now ! - [ Whimpers ] - We 're going in ! [ Hawk ] Koori : ! She 's over here , Hawk : She 's unconscious : She 's bleeding , Hawk : I don 't know how badly she 's hurt : She needs attention : Human : I am here : I could kill you : : : Now : We could kill each other , but would that really help Koori ? You wish me to believe that you , a human , care whether one of us lives or dies ? Yes : I do care : If you hadn 't stuck those steel claws into my ship , Koori wouldn 't be hurt : And if you had left her safe in the place from which you took her by force , she would not have come to this : I can 't argue that : So , we 're both responsible : So , what do we do , kill each other , or do we join forces and try to get her some help ? I do not trust humans with guns : Fine : So we stand here for a few hours not trusting each other as she bleeds to death : [ Weapon Falls To Ground ] [ Weapon Falls To Ground ] [ Moans ] Koori ? Koori : [ Gasping ] [ Cries Out , Gasping ] Hawk : [ Gasps ] You are hurt : It is my fault : I do not matter : You are all that matters : [ Moans ] You are all : [ Koori Gasps ] There 's a medical kit on board my ship : Him ! [ Gasps , Moans ] It is all right : No : He wants to take you back with him : You must kill him : I cannot harm him now : It will take both of us to get you to help : But you cannot trust him : The first moment he can , he will take you prisoner or kill you : Still , I must trust him : [ Whimpering ] I have no choice : No ! Oh ! [ Moaning , Gasping ] [ Whimpers ] I was able to stop the bleeding , at least temporarily , but she still needs a doctor : There is a healer at Neutralis : - But it is a long way : - How long ? More than a day 's journey : Until then , human , we have no quarrel : Until then : But when we have brought her to help , Earthman , then it will be you and I : : : To the death : I suppose so : Why are we stopping ? Because there 's shelter here , and you 're exhausted : We will go on : Not unless you let me carry her : - Never : - Someday , bub , you 're gonna choke on that pride of yours : If you don 't care anything about yourself , think about her : You are at the end of your rope : If you stumble and fall , you could reopen her wound : Now , is that what you want ? [ Whimpering Softly ] We will rest : [ Whimpers ] How is she ? Her pulse is weak : She 'd lost a lot of blood before I could get her out of the ship : - The sleep will do her good : - Yes : You will never take me in : You know that : - I 'm gonna have to try : - I 'd rather die than stand before your human justice : I 'm sorry you feel that way , Hawk : I kinda like you : - [ Scoffs ] A human likes : - You don 't think we have feelings ? For your own kind perhaps : Not for others : - Sometimes it must seem that way : - " Sometimes " ? The history of your race is written in its own blood : Even before there were weapons ... nothing but stones and clubs ... your ancestors hunted Neanderthal man into extinction : Look , Hawk , I 'll admit the picture isn 't pretty , but humanity wasn 't in conflict with you : - Why ... Why do you hate us ? - Why not ? - Why shouldn 't you know why we hate you ? - I 'm listening : Tens of thousands of years ago , my people were on Earth : Yes : Easter Island ... before Atlantis fell : There are statues of bird people there today : I am surprised you would know : I was briefed : You have heard , then , we had wings : Living wings : : : And the power of flight : - So the legend goes : - The legend is true : For a hundred thousand years , we lived in peace : And in the next hundred thousand years , your race arose and spread across the Earth like a plague : : : Bringing conflict and violence with them wherever they went : Finally , inevitably , they stumbled across us : You can guess what happened then , and I think you may know why : There are people who will always be threatened by the new and the different : The people ... humans ... slaughtered almost all of my ancestors : Those that escaped went out to the stars : Some came here : They were so frightened of being different , they never flew again : : : And bred the ability out of future generations : We are the result : We have the flying instinct , but we cannot physically use it : And all because of humans : That was a long , long time ago : It was yesterday : If you had been with me a few weeks ago , you would have seen the bodies of my people : : : Littering the ground around the last home they had on this planet : It was a pathetic little village ofhuts : It 's all we had : And why ? Because it is fun for humans to kill birds : Hmm ? Like your ancestors ? Your ancestors who used to hunt pheasants : : : For sport : How many species did you wipe from the face of the Earth ? Passenger pigeons , the giant storks , the bald eagle , the condor : Anything with wings was fair game ! [ Sighs ] I grow tired : But I must not rest : We must not be the last of our kind , Koori and I : We must : : : Survive : We will survive : I believe you , Hawk : And I understand : Really I do : [ Exhales ] Humans understand nothing : You 're wrong , Hawk : We do have feelings : We love : We hate : We fear : Sometimes too much and for all the wrong reasons : Just like you : [ Birds Crying ] Leave her : [ Hawk ] She is hurt : We need the healer : [ Thordis ] This way : You may place her there : I can do nothing for her : Please : I 'm sorry : I feel your pain : But she 's beyond my small power to help : Are you telling me she is dying ? There 's no physician I know who could save her : - Except perhaps ... - Perhaps ? One who , it is said , can reach beyond our childish knowledge : Is there such a man ? He 's called the Lamajuna : He 's very old , and he lives on a mountain to the south : It is said that he has great powers : [ Hawk ] The Lamajuna ? I have heard of him : All have heard of him here : Few have seen him : - He will see us ? - I do not know : But his god is Vishnu , the Preserver : Vishnu ? His companion is Garuda : - Exactly : - " Garuda " ? Vishnu 's faithful one : He carries Vishnu through the vaults of heaven ... half-man and half-eagle : Since you , too , are of the race of the eagles , perhaps the Lamajuna will open his heart to you : We will go on : I know the way : Thank you : Searcher calling Captain Rogers : Come in , please : Nothing , sir : You see , Admiral , Throm 's quite a small world , and Buck 's horizon , therefore , is much closer to him than it would be on Earth , and the curvature of the planet could be blocking his signal : It 's not like Buck to be out of contact this long : Something 's happened to him : I know it : With your permission , Admiral : Of course : - But you keep in contact every 15 minutes : - Yes , sir : [ Buck ] Let me help you : [ Hawk ] We are almost there : She will stay with me now : Rogers ! I told you we 'd meet again : You remember my friends , don 't you ? Well , they remember you , Rogers ... what a good host you were when we last met : It 's me they want , not you : Take Koori and go : I 'll hold them off as long as I can : Hawk , with both of us dead , she dies for sure : Now get outta here : Go ! Tell you what , Flagg : Why don 't you call off your dogs , and you and I will settle this man-to-man like gentlemen : [ Chuckling ] Good try , Rogers , but , then , I 'm no gentleman : [ Flagg ] I 'm no hero either : My boys are gonna truss you up like a guinea hen and roast you over a slow fire : And every time you holler , I 'm gonna take me another drink : And I hope you last long enough for me to get roaring ' drunk : I thought I told you they only wanted me : You don 't listen too well : Tell me something , Earthman : Can you ever fight without talking ? Roast pheasant and barbecued Hawk : Now , ain 't that a picture : Go : Go ! Let 's get outta here ! [ Gasping ] It is all right : We have brought you to someone who can help you : [ Gasping ] There is no pain : You will leave me with her now : You are Hawk 's woman : Do not be afraid : I am not afraid : And you ... you must not fear for me : [ Exhales ] I feel as if I were riding a cloud : I have no weight : - Am I dying ? - There is no such thing as death : There is only : : : Change : But I am dying : As the world you know thinks of death , yes : The spark of this existence is almost out : For myself , I am ready : But for him ... for his sake ... I wish it could be different : You cannot save me then ? Save you from something that does not exist ? That would be magic indeed : But I sense something , something I have never felt before : You sense the power of your own spirit : I do not understand : The flesh is already beyond my power to help : But I am cradling your spirit , holding it now as it strains against the bonds of this mortality : Do you not feel it ? Yes : By holding your spirit here , I can give you , child , the illusion of life as you think of life : You can sense and know , remember and love : But only as illusion ? Yes : But how would it feel to me , this illusion ? You already know : You are living now in spirit : My spirit lives , but I can never again : : : Be as I was : That is the way it must be : I cannot run with Hawk : : : Or fly with him , hold him in my arms : : : Or bear his children : No : Then let my spirit go : As you wish : May I say good-bye to him first ? He is coming now : How is she ? She will tell you : Your hand is cold , like ice : It is not important : I want to tell you how much I love you , how much I have always loved you , how much I will love you : : : Through all eternity : No : No : I cannot live without you : I cannot be alone : You will never be alone : I promise you that : I will always be with you : I cannot let you go : You can : You must be strong : [ Gasps ] Oh , Hawk : It is so beautiful what I see : Now , at last , my spirit will know how to fly : Good-bye , my love : [ Breath Quavers , Crying ] [ Continues Crying ] [ Hawk , Calling ] She is gone : I 'm sorry , Hawk : You tried to save her : For that , I offer you your life : I will not kill you if you go now : I can 't do that , Hawk : That is the answer I expected : We are much alike , you and I : Another time , another place ... who knows ? Is there no chance I can talk you into coming back with me ? I have said before I will not stand before human justice : I am here , Rogers : And I am waiting : [ Exhales ] It is sad that I must kill you : You are the only human for whom I have ever had some measure of respect : There are a lot of humans just like me , Hawk : Most of them , in fact : I only wish I could convince you of that : You cannot : You picked quite a place for a showdown : I am at home in the heights : This doesn 't make any sense , you know ? It is inevitable : Well , then I guess we oughta get on with it : [ Groans ] Come on ! [ Groans ] [ Both Out Of Breath , Straining ] [ Spacecraft Approaching ] There 's something on this mountain : I 'm going in : How long are you gonna keep this up ? Take him : Let it be entered in the record that the defendant is present and now awaiting verdict : Searcher is ready , Your Honors : Be it known that this Galactic Court is now in session : All arguments have been heard , and the court is prepared to pronounce sentence : This court has listened carefully to the evidence presented against the defendant : In addition to his attack upon and destruction of a space freighter : : : Plying between the satellites ofThrom , the court has evidence of violent attacks by the defendant : : : On other human outposts throughout the system of Argus : We regret the defendant 's refusal to testify in his own behalf , but , in the absence of that testimony , the court has no choice but to impose sentence : Before we pronounce that sentence , however , we should like to give the accused one last opportunity to speak : Your Honors , the defendant has instructed me to say again what I 've said before : He does not recognize the authority of this court to sit in judgment upon him : : : And refuses to speak to it for any reason , even if it should mean his death : In that case , the court has no recourse : : : But to pass sentence as proscribed by galactic law : It is the unanimous opinion of this court : : : That the defendant be sentenced to ... Wait ! Damn you , Hawk ! Speak up ! Don 't you understand ? They are gonna sentence you to death ! You have given them no other choice : You are the damndest , stubbornest : : : Most prideful man I have ever met : I don 't know anything about your courtroom procedure , but I demand to be heard before you sentence this man to die : I am not a man : He 's right : He is not a man : He is not a human : And that is the most crucial point in these entire proceedings : You know that drunken humans slaughtered the last ofhis people : You know that the one person he cared most for in all the world ... his wife ... died in his arms : He is alone now , stripped of everything he ever cared for ... his wife , his friends , people like himself : And thanks to our human ancestors , stripped of one of the greatest gifts God could have ever given any people ... the power of living flight : He says the history of mankind is written in human blood : Well , his presence in this courtroom is a sad commentary : : : On the fact that our history is also written in the blood of others : If he were the most unregenerate savage the world has even known , we would not kill him : : : Because he is the last of a unique and special race : But Hawk : : : Is not a savage : I have seen the love he held for his wife : I saw the light in his eyes go out when she died in his arms in a mountain cave : You wish to kill him ? Then kill me too : Because , as God is my judge , given the provocation he had , I would have lashed out at my enemies just as he did : We do not sentence a man to die because he kills his enemies in war : And as sure as I 'm standing here in this courtroom , Hawk was at war with the human race ! He does not recognize this court , because he expects that , no matter what he says , this court will kill him just as humans have always killed his people : In the century from which I came , crimes were committed because small men served the letter of the law : Great men servejustice : And in this instance , the ultimate justice would best be served : : : By allowing those of us who know Hawk best to judge him ... those of us here with whom he has lived aboard this ship for the past few weeks : And if you do otherwise ... if you sentence him to death , this last survivor of a once proud people ... then men will speak for a thousand years : : : Of the day man rendered his most terrible : : : And merciless judgment : Bravo : Bravo : [ No Audible Dialogue ] We will consider your request , Captain : This court will reconvene in one hour : I 'd just like to have a moment with Mr : Hawk : Oh : [ Chuckling ] I hope , my dear fellow , you won 't consider this an ... an intrusion , but I brought something with me I thought might interest you ... the petroglyphs and statues from Easter Island : I had them copied from the microtransparencies in the archives : I haven 't really seen them myself , but Crichton informs me : : : That they still exist on the cliffs of Motu-Nui : Isn 't that wonderful ? Virtually unchanged , he tells me , by the countless millennia that separates them from their creation : The genius of a race chiseled in stone : And now only the stones remain : [ Door Opens ] Hawk , the Galactic Council has decided to accept Buck 's argument ... that your guilt or innocence is better judged by those closer to the problem , meaning Buck , Wilma , Dr : Goodfellow and myself : You mean he 's to go free ? No , not quite free , I 'm afraid : You see , Hawk , I have promised the council that you would not be released from custody : : : Unless I could guarantee your conduct : - But how can I do that ? - You cannot : And I will not be bound by conditions upon my freedom : Well , you can 't blame him for that , Admiral : He 'd feel like a criminal for the rest of his life : Yes : We mustn 't have that : Isn 't some sort of compromise possible here ? Well , yes , I think there is a compromise available if Hawk will agree to it : Dr : Goodfellow , how many uncharted solar systems are there in the universe ? About one googolplex , I would say , or the equivalent of the number one : : : Followed by enough zeroes to encircle the Earth 50 trillion times : In other words , a number beyond our ability to imagine it ... a potential for undiscovered life so vast that our human minds cannot comprehend it , hmm ? Admiral , Hawk 's ship has been salvaged : With some repairs , it 'll become spaceworthy : - What do you say he joins us ? - Oh , what ? What if Hawk joined us , helped us explore the uncharted regions of the universe ? - And why should I consider doing that ? - Because then your mission would become exactly the same as ours : And what mission is that ? After the global war that almost destroyed the Earth , many of the survivors fled to the stars : As the centuries passed , those who were left behind lost contact with them : Only now , with Earth finally at peace , do we have the time and resources to search the universe : : : To try and make contact with the rest of our race : That 's what Searcher is for ... to find the lost tribes of Earth : That is the business of humans : What has that to do with me ? Why , don 't you see ? It has everything to do with you , my friend : Everything : He 's right : Suppose you 're not the last of your people ? Suppose there are others ? Hawk , you said yourself your people fled to the stars : : : And only some settled on Throm : What if there are other bird people from ancient Earth : : : Who settled on other planets , in other parts of the galaxy : : : And have survived ? [ Buck ] Now do you see why your mission could be exactly the same as ours ? Well , what do you say , Admiral ? Do you think the Galactic Council will accept Hawk 's working with us : : : As a sufficient guarantee for his conduct ? Well , I 'd say yes , but it really depends on what Hawk has to say : Will you join us , Hawk ? Forget the hatreds of the past , help us discover the future ? [ Sighs ] I had to face the same problem ... having to forget the past , having to learn how to get used to that feeling of being alone , out of place , if you will : We must look to the future , Hawk , all of us : It 's what Koori would have wanted : Koori : I will join you :
