 Admiral , I am ready to leave on patrol : Good morning , Hawk : We 've picked up something very interesting : Looks like a derelict ship immobilized in Sector 5 : We 're closing now : She 's coming into view , sir : [ Gasps ] It looks like a refugee from the interstellar junkyard : [ Hawk ] And drifting into the freight lanes : [ Asimov ] I 've sent Crichton down to see if Buck wants to check it out : I 'd like for you to postpone your patrol and join him : I shall prepare the shuttle : Good : If you 're going to wake Captain Rogers , do it gently , do you understand ? Will you , Crichton ? He 's been on his feet for almost two days : : : Before he went to bed less than two hours ago : Oh , very well , Doctor : What an irritation it must be to you humans : : : To be required to spend one-third of your life span : : : In a comatose condition : It predicates a hopelessly inadequate basic design : Yes , yes , yes : Thank you very much , dear boy : We 've been over all this before , haven 't we ? Do go and wake the captain , will you ? That 's a good fellow : You are Goodfellow , Doctor , not I : Heavens above , I think he made a joke : [ Chuckles ] Oh , dear : How depressing : Now hear this ! Your presence is requested on the hangar deck : Let us put a stop to this goldbricking : " Goldbricking " ? A quaint expression from the century which spawned you , Captain : A perfectly dreadful century , I might add , highlighted by wars , women 's lib and the holocaust : Leave me alone , will ya ? I haven 't had any sleep for three days : It was you , Captain , who asked to be alerted : : : If anything untoward happened : I cannot be responsible : : : For your physical or emotional state , Captain : Your presence is awaited in the launch bay : One of these days : One of these days : What 's going on , Hawk ? A derelict vessel in the shipping lanes : : : With the possibility of life-forms aboard : Mmm : What 's he doing here ? Crichton is here , as usual , to fill the gaps of human ignorance : Crichton , one of these days , you 're gonna say : : : The wrong thing at the wrong time to the right person : They 're gonna turn your knob : You know what I mean ? Knob ? Knob ? I have no knobs : Well , you get into the ship right now , or I 'll show you you have knobs in the most unexpected places : - Move : - Oh , very well , Captain : [ Buck ] The admiral was right : It 's the worst pile ofjunk I 've ever seen : [ Hawk ] It is hard to believe it has held together in such a state : [ Buck ] No marking or insignia of any kind to indicate where it 's from either : [ Man Narrating ] In the year 1987 , NASA launched the last of America 's deep space probes : Aboard this compact starship , a lone astronaut , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , was to experience cosmic forces beyond all comprehension : In a freak mishap , his life-support systems were frozen : : : By temperatures beyond imagination : Ranger 3 was blown out of its planned trajectory : : : Into an orbit 1,000 times more vast , an orbit which was to return Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : Incredible : If there is life in here , I 'm not sure I want to meet it : Not if it 's as old as this ship seems to be : It is very quiet : Surely you 're aware that " quiet " is a relative concept : Well , then be quiet , do your job and scan for life-forms , Crichton : [ Creaking ] There are life-forms of an inferior species aboard : How inferior ? Warm-blooded , like humans : Now , that 's funny , Crichton : Really funny : You mind finding them for us ? Unnecessary : The life-forms have already found us : [ All Shouting In Alien Dialect ] [ Shouting Continues ] Translation : If the language resembled any reasonable tongue known in this galaxy , I would oblige : Unfortunately , it doesn 't : Crichton , establish some kind of communication : It is unnecessary to establish communication : They are already established : We only speak Zeerdonian when irritated : Oh , well , that 's-that 's good to know : Um , my name is Captain Buck Rogers : This is Hawk : We 're from the Earth ship Searcher : And we 're from Zeerdonia : I am General Xces : - I am General Zoman : - I am General Yoomak : - I 'm General Sothoz : - I 'm General Kuzan : - I am General Towtuk : - And who are you ? I am Private Zedht : Hmm : - Six chiefs and one Indian : - What is Indian ? Um , your private here : Exactly : We give orders , he takes orders : Is that , uh , not confusing ? It 's not confusing : He never obeys : If he does not obey , what good does it do giving him orders ? What good is it to be a general if you don 't have someone to give orders to ? Are you ready to give up ? - We wish to know why you attacked us : ! - Yes , yes ! - We want a reason ! Hold on : We didn 't attack you : We thought you were a derelict : You were adrift in a shipping lane : You could cause an accident : Boarding without permission is an attack to Zeerdonians ! Yes , yes , yes ! You are indeed fortunate that our weapons didn 't function : - How did that happen ? - We don 't know : They functioned perfectly when the Sarlons came aboard to pirate our cargo : - That was a long time ago : - A very long time : - Before our energy cells imploded : - That is why you are drifting ? Yes : But someday , we 'll repair the damages : After all , we 've only been adrift for about ... - 200 years : - 300 ! - Or more : - Doesn 't matter ! What matters is we complete our mission : Yes , indeed : Complete the mission : Finish the job ! - Serve the queen ! - Do or die ! Raise the flag : ! What exactly is your mission ? We are under orders to proceed to the distant side of star Sitof 43 and dispose of our cargo : If it 's of any importance , Sitof 43 is a bomb disposal star : Wonderful : I 'm almost afraid to ask you what your cargo is : Don 't be afraid : They aren 't : Our cargo is solar bombs : Solar bombs ? How many ? Only 1,000 : That 's enough to radioactivate this entire area : : : For over 50 million years : General , uh , where are they ? All over : Some are here , safe and somewhat sound : Somewhat sound ? Crichton , check ' em out : Extremely unstable : Exceptionally volatile : The deterioration rate is accelerating : Of course : Our stabilizing system destabilized when we lost our energy : Yes , well , we 'll set up a magnet beam and take you on to Sitof 43 : In the meantime , I 'm sure that our commander would be more than happy to welcome you aboard our ship : Good : We accept : [ All Shouting In Agreement ] I have never quite seen anything like them : I have : I used to hang out with a very pretty lady named Snow White : Hmm ? What a ship ! What a stupendous ship ! What a magnificent ship ! What a stupendous , magnificent ship ! This is unbelievable ! It 's incredible ! - Take notes on the ship , Private : - Yes , sir ! [ Hawk ] I must go on patrol : I leave our charming guests entirely in your hands : [ Chuckles ] Thanks a lot : I 'm hungry ! Yes , hungry : Famished ! Very famished ! Ravenous ! Starving ! Food ! Yes , yes , yes ! Crichton , would you go set up the relay coordinates for the magnetic tow , please ? As you wish : Come on , gentlemen : I 'll see what I can do : Yes , yes , yes ! Engagement complete and locked : Our forward velocity must not exceed three-quarters speed : Well , why not ? If we go to plasma drive , we 'll make it to Sitof 43 a lot sooner : The destabilizing solar bombs aboard the Zeerdonian vessel : : : Cannot withstand the increase in kinetic energy : : : Which accompanies transfer to plasma drive : He means it 's risky : [ Chuckles ] Yes , yes , that 's quite right , Twiki : He does need a bit of translating now and again , doesn 't he ? Most impressive ! Lots of pretty lights ! If only we had a bridge like this ! We would be the envy of the Zeerdonian fleet ! Wilma , Dr : Goodfellow , Admiral , may I present General Xces and his crew : We 're not crew ! He 's crew ! - I 'm the crew : - [ All ] We 're generals ! Yeah , well , at any rate , I 'm gonna try and get some sleep : If you 'll excuse me , I 'll see you later : Look at this : ! Yes , look : ! Gentlemen , gentlemen , what a pleasure ... what a surprise : We 've got lots to talk about , and the nicest ... Oh ! What can I do for you gentlemen ? - What are you ? - Uh , well , I 'm Colonel Wilma Deering : No , not rank : What are you ? I think what they 're trying to find out is , my dear , what kind of animal you are : I 'm a woman : That 's what : Woman ? - What is woman ? - What you 're looking at : A-A female : She 's no female : Couldn 't be : - Look , she 's got bumps : - Yes , bumps : ! [ Towtuk ] Pretty bumps : ! Uh , well , you 'll have to excuse me : I 'll arrange for your quarters : She 's like no female I ever saw : And if you 'd excuse me , I 've got a few things to take care of : How does this work ? Look at all those numbers ! [ Asimov ] See here ... Wait a minute ! Astounding : ! Most impressive : ! I wouldn 't mind workin ' on this ! Hey , look ! An audio-sensitizer energy control ! I heard of these once : - Don 't touch that control ! - This control ? [ Crichton ] Help : ! Help : ! Help : ! [ Man Over P : A : ] Emergency : ! Emergency : ! All hands to quarters : ! All hands to quarters : ! Oh , my ! Crichton 's hurt : Somebody help him , please : The logarithmic function of a parametric equation : : : Is inversely proportional to the ... to the 10th power : - Admiral ! Crichton ! - [ Crichton ] Truth is an extract of the abstract : [ Babbles , Indistinct ] What happened ? One of the generals began playing with the controls : Spearshake was a merchant of vendors : Check for damages , Colonel : [ Crichton ] Ilia was a lamb chop : Mary had a little lamb : What happened here ? [ Twiki ] He hurt his head : He 's dented : ! And everywhere that Mary foaled , the lamb was ... lamb was ... You guys , grab him : Take him down to Dr : Goodfellow 's lab : Lamb was ... Mary glow : Mary glow ? Mary glow : Lamb was ... - What is a lamb ? - What 's a Mary ? Who 's " Glow " ? How about it , Doctor ? Is the damage irreparable ? [ Sighs ] Looks quite serious , I 'm afraid : It appears that the impact of the fall : : : Has created a depression in the positronic cortex : Will he be all right ? Oh , Twiki , I don 't know , but I 'll do my best : You can fix him : I know you can : Dear me , there 's a dent in the cortex , as I feared : It 's quite a massive trauma : Mmm , mmm , mmm : I 'll have to remove the brain for further examination : Take out his brain ? That 's terrible ! Now , Twiki , let 's not jump to conclusions : The positronic brain 's a pretty durable apparatus : And yours has been functioning very well and for a very long time , Twiki : Yes , but nobody ever put a dent in my cortex : There , there , there : Now , then , I 'll tell you what I 'll do : I 'll run an analysis and have a prognosis in a few minutes : Attention , all personnel : The Zeerdonian visitors have disappeared from the control room : - Please advise : - What do you mean , disappeared ? We were monitoring the magnetic grid and just took our eyes off 'em for a minute : - We turned around and they were gone : - Well , they couldn 't have left the ship : They must be somewhere : The only place where visual scanners are nonfunctional is the magnetic power plant : [ Mutters ] Wonderful ! Magnificent ! Have you ever seen anything like this before ? I hope all of you are absorbing what you see : This equipment is far superior to ours : No wonder : Ours is 2,000 years old : Yes , yes : And if we bring back samples of this transferral system , we 'll be decorated as heroes : Take notes , Private Zedht : You bet ! - I think their energizing patterns are behind this panel : - Yes , let 's see : - Oh , look at that : ! - That 's interesting : ! - Don 't ! [ Zeerdonians Laughing , Clamoring ] What the devil 's going on here ? Emergency power synthesizers : All stations , report damage : [ Laughing , Clamoring Continues ] What are you trying to do , kill yourselves ? How can we be killed by something as harmless as that ? Harmless ? You could 've gotten us all killed ! Not us ! That 's right ! We are naturally ... Grounded ! Aren 't you ? [ Wilma ] Grounded ? You mean electricity doesn 't hurt you ? [ Man Over P : A : ] Now hear this : Power failure : Collision imminent : I repeat : Collision imminent : All crew to stations : Secure for impact : I 've gotta get to the bridge : Good luck : [ All Laughing ] Quiet down ! Quiet ! Enough ! [ Buck ] What a mess : Can we help , Captain Rogers ? [ All Clamoring ] No , you can 't help ... Hold it ! You 've been helpful enough : Just stay put : Buck , whatever happened down there shorted out the tractor beam controls : They 're locked , and the power flow 's increasing : I 'm going to have Dr : Goodfellow join you : Perhaps he can help repair the damage : Admiral , the tractor beam 's pulling the Zeerdonian ship right into our aft section : How long until impact ? Less than seven minutes : Activate deflector shields : Go to plasma drive : Admiral , the solar bombs will explode : I don 't think that 'll make much difference , Colonel : [ Buck ] Looks like electronic spaghetti to me : [ Chuckles ] Strange beings : They get upset over nothing : Yes , strange : They take the long way around every problem , don 't they ? Reminds me of generals : Present company excepted , of course : I must take it upon myself to redesign these systems one of these days : They 're almost im ... Oh , good heavens ! I found the little culprit : Look , look , look : You found it ? Yes , indeed : The transducer wire has melted ... melted clean away : See ? Look at that : Look at that : Can you see it ? Yeah , well , I see it , Doctor : The problem is that in about two minutes , we 're gonna collide with a ship : : : Loaded with unstable solar bombs : - What can we do about it ? - Oh , dear : I don 't quite know : I mean , we need jumper cables or splicers or something , and I 'm afraid there isn 't time : Wait a minute : Wait a minute : You guys were all volunteering to help a little while ago , weren 't you ? - Yes : - Let us help : - We 're good helpers : We 're excellent helpers : We like to help : Doctor , I , uh ... I think I may have found our jumper : It 's not quite a cable , perhaps , but , uh ... All right , which one of you wants to volunteer ? Generals don 't act as jumper cables : Private Zedht , step forward and volunteer : Yes , do your duty : ! Yes , sir ! Whoa ! No , no : Thank you for volunteering , Private : Step right this way : Grab a hold of those two wires : I was getting around to it , Captain : So , get : - This is fun ! - I wish I 'd volunteered : ! Me too : ! He 's having too much fun : ! Generals are supposed to have fun : ! Admiral , we have power now : Unlock the retractor beam : We need somebody down here to splice a cable : Right away , Buck : We made it : Lieutenant Martin , reduce speed to warp three : Reestablish magnetic stabilizers : Yes , sir : Twiki , why don 't we see how Crichton 's doing ? Oh , yes , please : It 's funny : Now 's the first time : : : Crichton ever needed us : - Am I through yet ? - Not until that cable 's spliced : Wilson , just in time : Did you bring everything ? Yes , sir , Captain Rogers : As soon as you 're free , Private Zedht , I 'd love to talk to you , if I may : I have so many questions I 'd like to ask you : I think I spark to that , Doctor : That 's a pun : ! Very good pun : ! An excellent pun : I think we may create : : : Some truly electrifying moments together : Dr : Goodfellow , um , weren 't you working on Crichton 's brain before all this happened ? Oh , good heavens ! Of course I was : How could I have possibly forgotten ? Dear me , I must get back immediately : You 'll forgive me , of course : Doctor ? I 'm not sure anything can be done , but I 'll ... I 'll do my best : Come on , Twiki : We 're not giving up hope : I 'll look in on you later , okay ? Thank you : [ All Clamoring ] Wilma ! Gentlemen , please : Please , please , please : Wilma , I 've just spoken to the admiral , and he says that from now on , the Zeerdonians are to be your personal responsibility : He asked that you try to keep them out of trouble : Me ? Uh , has it occurred to our admiral : : : That their interest in me is slightly more than casual ? Yes , well , I wouldn 't know about that : In any case , I intend to get some sleep if it kills me : And the Zeerdonians are all yours : [ Nervous Chuckle ] Thanks : Gentlemen , I would ask you please to consider yourselves guests aboard this ship , not crew : Don 't : : : Touch : : : Anything : Guests do as they please : What a great idea ! We 're all yours ! Show us the rest of the ship ! What 's for dinner ? Yeah , what 's for dinner ? [ All Clamoring ] Just go straight ahead , gentlemen : Hey , look at this ! Wow ! [ All Clamoring ] Gentlemen , can I have your attention , please ? What ? What ? From here on , I 'd like you to read , relax ... Do whatever it is you do , but here you must stay : : : Until this ship returns to some sort of normal business routine , all right ? Okay : Thank you : Does that tell ya how to fix Crichton ? No : Afraid not , Twiki : Unfortunately , for all its advantages , you know , the positronic brain has one fault : Once something really serious happens to it , no way we know of repairing it : Will Crichton be consigned to the compactor for recycling ? No : We 'll simply install a new brain when we reach the base : But it won 't be Crichton : No , Twiki , it won 't be Crichton : I 'm sorry I was cross with you , son : Dr : Goodfellow did let me help to make you : What do we do now then ? I 'm bored : So am I : Let 's find something to do : And something to eat : Yeah , something to eat : Well , let 's get un-bored ! Come on ! Yeah ! Humans are very gullible : Everybody , think about the lock : Off-think : ! Off-think : ! Off-think : ! Off-think : ! Off-think : ! Off-think : ! Off-think : ! Off-think : ! Yeah ! Hey ! Whatever ! We 're guests ! Guests do what they want : Private Zedht , lead the way : Of course : After you , General : Thank you : [ All Laughing ] This is Colonel Deering : Entering asteroid belt A-64 : Secure stations : Deflector shields engaged : Out : [ Groaning ] Ow ! What ... Private Zedht , what are you doing in my bunk ? Trying to get some sleep : Everybody on this ship is always running around in a dither : Doesn 't anybody ever sleep ? My friend , I have been trying to get some sleep : : : Since long before you and your peripatetic generals got here : I haven 't closed my eyes in over 50 hours : Now , what is it with you guys anyway ? You 're worse than the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse : Can 't you stay out of trouble for more than five minutes ? I can : Generals can 't : It 's in the nature of generals to create havoc : You can say that again : - It 's in the nature of generals ... - All right , all right , all right : Hey , wait a minute : Wait a minute : I thought that Colonel Deering had locked all you guys up in the lounge for safekeeping : - How 'd you get out ? - We walked : You did what ? We walked : What do you mean , you walked ? You couldn 't have : It 's impossible : It 's an electronic lock : It 's foolproof : Foolproof ? Nothing is foolproof to Zeerdonians : We think things as we want them to be , and they happen : I don 't understand : We off-think locks and lids and belts and catches : We on-think even better than we off-think : Are you telling me that all you have to do is think about something and it happens ? You mean humans can 't do these elementary things ? No , we can 't : You see , we don 't consider : : : Unlocking a door by thinking about it elementary : It 's easy if you know how : Off-think : See ? That 's a ... That 's a nice trick : [ Alarm Blaring ] [ Man Over P : A : ] Battle stations : ! Battle stations : ! Battle stations ? Keep your shirt on : My shirt is on ! L-l ... Stay put , all right ? I 'll put on some clothes , and then we 'll see what 's going on , all right ? Whatever you say , Captain : Why is it I have a feeling I 'd be better off if they 'd all been asleep in my bunk ? What 's the meaning of this ? I gave no orders for firing : Now , who 's responsible ? I don 't know , Admiral : Someone is manually controlling the lasers from the main weapons bay : I guarantee we all know who that someone is : How did they get out of that lounge ? I 'll do whatever I can , Admiral : Sorry : I really did lock them up : I know , I know : I 'll tell you about it later : Good shooting ! I got one too ! I got another one : ! Magnificent shooting : ! Better than that : ! It 's perfect : ! I 'm gonna go for double ! Isn 't this fun ? [ All Laughing ] Cease this insanity at once ! At once ! The defense shield is down ! It 's too late : ! Hold on : ! Are all of you crazy ? Of course not : We were just having fun : Don 't you people know better than to play with these weapons ? You realize those lasers are effective at over 40,000 grids ? What if you had had a ricochet off one of the asteroids and it hit your own ship ? We never had a ricochet : On Zeerdonia , we used to practice like this all the time : [ Man Over P : A : ] Emergency : ! Emergency : ! Captain Rogers to the bridge , please : Try and do something with them , hmm ? Oh , thanks a lot : Even if you have to tie them up : Tie us up ? Why would you wanna tie us up ? We were only having fun : Uh ... The bunch of you are acting like little children : How old are you anyway ? Old : Very old : Very , very old : A thousand years : Or more : More than a thousand years old ? [ All ] At least ! [ Chuckles ] Well , do you have children ? - Oh , yeah : - We do : - Sometimes : - In a way : - Well , then you have wives waiting for you at home : What 's a " wive " ? Uh , a female : A-A woman , like me : No , no wives : No females like you : [ Nervous Chuckle ] But ... Wait : You said you had children : How ? - We attend : - The queen : - When she calls : - If we hear : - She hasn 't called : - In a long time : She will : Oh , yes , she will : Well , then , your-your queen bears your children : No : She lays eggs : - Eggs ? - Many eggs : - Seven eggs : - Us , in a shell : - In a shell ? - In a shell : - But how do you ... [ Chuckles ] Oh , no : Oh , no , no , no , no : I 'm not gonna get into that one : I 'm going to the bridge : - And I certainly hope the lot of you will behave yourselves : - [ Beeps ] How did you do that ? Uh ... [ Nervous Chuckle ] What are you doing ? We must settle a question : Settle a-a question ? About a woman : Yes : What is a woman ? Oh , well , now , just a minute , all of you : [ Yoomak ] You claim to be a female : That is an impossibility : [ Xces ] No female looks like you : [ Zedht ] Correction : - No female looks as good as you : - Certainly not our queen : - She hasn 't got bumps : - We must examine you : Examine ? Now , wait a minute : What are you talking about ? - Begin the off-think : - " Off-think " ? - Off-think ! Off-think ! - You must be completely mad : - Off-think ! - [ Yells ] Now , gentlemen : Gentlemen ... Off-think ! Off-think : ! Off-think : ! Off-think : ! Now , wait a minute ! Wait a minute ! Wait a minute : Wait a minute : Now , how dare you ! We must examine : - For science : - No , no : Not on your life : It 's all right : General Yoomak is a doctor : Off-think ! Off-think ! Off-think ! Off-think : ! Off-think : ! Off-think : ! Off-think : ! There it is : The impact threw both the main and backup gyros out of equilibrium : And now , we 're heading straight for the seventh sun of Khyphotak : It 's hard to believe that such a small asteroid hit could cause so much damage : We can 't reverse power or direction ? We tried overpowering the gyros hydraulically : : : And shorted out the entire control system , including the leads to the power plant : Meaning we have no internal communications , huh ? That 's the picture : Not very pretty , is it ? No , it isn 't : I 'm gonna round up Wilma and go find Dr : Goodfellow : I don 't know what he can do , but he seems to be our last and best hope : [ Wilma Screams ] Whoa : ! Stop it : ! You 're out of your heads : ! Stop it : ! Stop this instant ! What 's she so upset about ? Stop ! Maybe she has a blemish she doesn 't want us to see : Wejust wanna check it out : Gentlemen : ! Gentlemen ... [ Chattering Continues ] What is going on in here ? They 're-They 're madmen : Absolutely insane : Lot of help you were , Captain : You could 've made it a little sooner : All right , all of you in a group together behind me : I don 't want you any more than a step behind me : You understand ? We 'd be delighted , Captain Rogers : We like you : Almost as much as we like Colonel Deering : No problem , dear boy , if we had time : But unfortunately , to reach the affected areas , it would be necessary : : : To tear down the entire control panel : That would take , I would say , at least four hours : Which we don 't have , since we 're due to impact : : : The seventh sun of Khyphotak in less than two : Does anybody know what 's going on around here ? It doesn 't make any sense : It must make sense , just not good sense : There 's gotta be another way to fix those leads : That type of repair capability was built into Crichton 's construction : : : For just such an emergency : But with the poor fellow being hors de combat , I 'm afraid we 're as good as lost : I can make Crichton function : What did you say ? I beg your pardon ? I can make him work : I have a positronic brain too : Oh , I know it 's not as good as Crichton 's : He keeps telling me that : But it might work : What are you suggesting , Twiki ? Well , Dr : Goodfellow could take my brain : : : And put it in Crichton 's body : Then I could make his extensors work , and the ship could be fixed : Bless my soul : What an extraordinary idea : How very brave of you , Twiki , to suggest it : I am a robot , and by the first law of robotics , a robot may not permit a human being to come to harm if he can prevent it : You are all in danger : I must help : Forgive me , Twiki : Forgive me saying this , but Crichton 's rather a more sophisticated robot than you : His more complex circuits might very well do irreparable damage to your little brain : Then there 'll be no more Twiki : The alternative is no more you , no more any of us : There 's not much time left , Doctor : We gotta get started : Buck , what do you say ? Well , Doc , I 'm afraid that Twiki 's come up with the only possible solution : [ Sighs ] Well , my friend , Crichton may be more sophisticated than you are , but when it comes to guts , you got him beat hands down : Says you : I 'm quaking in my boots : Come on , Doc : Are you ready , Twiki ? I 'm ready : You 'll be all right , Twiki : I know you will : You 'll be back with us in no time : Hang in there , big fella : We 're all rootin ' for you : I am robotic unit : : : T-W-K-E-4 : Well , he 's working : [ Chuckling ] Oh , thank goodness for that : I am governed by Dr : Issac Asimov 's three immutable robotic laws : One : A robot may not injure a human being : : : Or through inaction , allow a human being to come to harm : Two : A robot must obey the orders given to it by human beings , except where such orders would conflict with the first law : Three : A robot must protect its own existence : : : As long as such protection does not conflict : : : With the first or second law : That 's wonderful : Do you know what you 've just heard ? Those are the first words spoken by all articulate robots : : : Following the moment when the positronic brain is introduced to the servile mechanism : [ Chuckles ] T-W-K-E-4 : Can you hear me ? We have a problem : I am here to solve problems : Command me : Good : Oh , Buck , listen to me : The longer Twiki 's brain is subjected to the strain of Crichton 's superior circuits , the greater the risk that he will incur permanent damage : - Is there something we can do ? - Well , you see , I had so little time , I 'm afraid I had to cut some of the leads to Twiki 's positronic cortex : Well , how can we help ? You see , if you and Buck could isolate those leads ... Do you follow me ... and extend them to the same length as the uncut leads , it would save a great deal of time when I replace the brain : In fact , it could make all the difference : Consider it done , Doctor : We 'll have those leads ready by the time you get back : Right : Listen , it 's a matter of electro-timing , old boy , with our lives at stake here : I understand the problem : I will eliminate it : Well , you 'd better hurry : We can 't take much more of this heat : I shall begin at the main juncture of the gyro : Every second ... Every second counts : Serious problem here ? It is done : Will somebody please try the controls ? He did it ! We 're swinging back to course ! [ Applause ] I am pleased to have been able to help : Attention , all hands : Impact with Khyphotak 's seventh sun has been avoided : All systems are functioning : Emergency standby personnel may stand down : Thank you , Crichton : I am not Crichton : I am robotic unit : : : T-W-K-E-4 : Crichton no longer functions : I know : If I understand the problem here , you wish Crichton to function again ? But of course we do : Of course : But it 's impossible : His brain 's damaged : Nothing is impossible : Not for Zeerdonians : Come on : Let 's go see what we can do : [ Sighs ] I wouldn 't trust them not one centimeter : Do come along , T-W-K-E-4 : We 're gonna see if we can help Crichton : Ah ! There : Thank goodness : He 's back home , so to speak , in no further danger : I 'll tell you what we 'll do : We 'll feed him energy very slowly : Then we wait a few minutes , and then we shall see : It 's time to on-think the dented one : On-think ! Yes ! On-think ! [ All Shouting In Agreement ] " On-think " ? What on earth are you people talking about ? Well , l-I think I know what they 're talking about : You said you could flix anything just by thinking about it : The way you unlocked the doors , and the way you , uh , examined Colonel Deering , hmm ? Yes : That was off-think : But we can on-think even better than we off-think : But we must know the original shape and function of the brain : We all know the original shape , but how it functions , well ... Dr : Goodfellow ? Well , I don 't know : I suppose I know as much as anybody : : : About his composition and his synaptic and electromagnetic impulses : Time to on-think ! Yes , it 's time to on-think ! We should all on-think ! [ All ] Think about the brain : ! Think about the brain : ! Think about the brain ! Think about the brain ! Think about the brain ! I am thinking ! Think harder ! Push ! Shove ! Ponder ! Concentrate ! Think about the brain ! Think about the brain ! Think about the brain ! Think about the brain ! Think about the brain ! Think about the brain ! Think about the brain ! Think about the brain ! [ Wilma ] Look , something is happening : ! [ All Cheering ] You did it , Doctor ! You did it ! You got the dent out of Crichton 's brain : I knew you could do it : They did it , all of them : They did it : Now , I 'll tell you what ... to return Crichton 's brain to its original cranial cavity : : : And see if both the brains function : Ah : Now , then : That 's all right : Let 's hope for the best , shall we say : Oh , please , let it be our old Twiki : I say , are you there , Twiki ? [ Wilma ] Twiki , are you there ? No response at all : [ Xces ] Time to on-think : ! Yes , it 's time to on-think : ! [ All Chattering ] On-think : ! On-think : ! On-think : ! On-think : ! On-think : ! On-think : ! On-think : ! Look ! Twiki : I say , Twiki , dear fellow , can you hear me ? [ Chirping ] Oh , I hope I never have to go through anything like this again : It 's a drag : [ Laughs ] It 's him : Welcome back , Twiki : I knew you 'd pull through , big guy : It 's good to feel like my old self again : What about Crichton ? Yes , what about him ? Oh , yes : Now then , Crichton , speak up , old boy , if you can : Why is everybody staring in this insane fashion ? Surely you must have something better to do , hmm ? Should 've left him with the dent : [ Woman Screams ] You know we 're arriving at Sitof 43 ... you know , the repair station ? Everyone 's waiting for you on the bridge : I was just curious : You ever heard of curiosity killing the cat ? What 's a cat ? You 'll be leaving in a few moments via the air lock : Sitof has you on tractor beam : They 'll activate as soon as you 're aboard your ship : I must say ... it 's been interesting having you with us : Interesting is hardly the word : You 've missed an experience : So I have been hearing : [ Dr : Goodfellow ] No , no , no , no , no : You 've all missed the point : Don 't you understand what 's happened ? We 've all been part of a miracle ... a whole series of miracles : We 've been reminded of something very important in life ... that anything you believe possible , anything you think possible is possible : Oh , I know there have been misadventures , but look at what we 've gained : Something has been brought back into this old heart of mine : : : That I thought it had lost forever : Do you know what that is ? The magic of believing : And I , for one , want to show my gratitude : Bravo : We like you too : Yes , indeed : Very much : Very much of muchness : You have also given us something : What is that ? [ Xces ] When we return to our planet , we 'll be welcomed as heroes : - The queen will make us knights : - Why would she do that ? Because we saved your lives : That 's funny : I would 've sworn Twiki had something to do with that : I do believe I had something to do with the process : Well , let 's say it was a brilliant communal effort , shall we ? I think , in any case , it 's splendid that you 're gonna be made knights : I should also ask Her Majesty , your queen , to commission you a new ship : What 's wrong with the old one ? I don 't know : I haven 't been on it : But Captain Rogers tells me it 's a real dog of a ship : It 'd be a shame to send a knight out on a dog like that , wouldn 't it ? [ All Chuckling ] Another pun ! A glorious pun ! - A super-splendiferous pun : ! - Apun to end all puns : !
