 Terra-class satellite , southern latitudes : reveal hilly terrain , carpeted by dry grasses and brushland : [ Wilma On Radio ] Searcher to Survey : Can you give us a status report , please ? Strictly routine , Wilma : We 're finishing up now : Desert terrain , sparse : The weather 's perfect : We 're heading back for the shuttle now : I spoke too soon ! High-velocity wind just hit us ! Hawk , we gotta find some shelter for the night : I agree : Wilma , we 're gonna try to find some shelter , probably for the night : We 'll be refueling at Lambda Colony in three days ' time , and then going on to survey the rest of Crucis : Aye , sir : Buck is reporting adverse weather conditions , sir : They expect to be planet-bound till morning : - Tell Buck to use his own judgment : - Mm-hmm : Okay , Buck : Hope you can find someplace warm and comfy down there : We 'll give it a try ! Survey team out ! [ Bell Tolling ] Buck ! Tolling of a bell ! [ Tolling Continues ] You know , this place is supposed to be strictly uninhabited : Let 's check it out : Maybe somebody does live here : We can get some shelter from this wind : Come on : [ Tolling Continues ] [ Bell Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] [ Ringing Continues ] It reads : " Janovus XXVI : " [ Ringing Continues ] [ Continues Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] [ Wind Howling ] [ Howling , Ringing Continue ] He is dead , the ancient one ? No , there 's a trace of breath : Ah : You have arrived just in time , Captain Rogers : [ Groans ] We will talk later : He has been expecting you : [ Man Narrating ] In the year 1 987 , NASA launched the last of America 's deep space probes : Aboard this compact starship , a lone astronaut , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , was to experience cosmic forces beyond all comprehension : In a freak mishap , his life-support systems were frozen : by temperatures beyond imagination : Ranger 3 was blown out of its planned trajectory : into an orbit 1,000 times more vast , an orbit which was to return Buck Rogers to Earth : 500 years later : Here : Take it : [ Buck ] What ? You must bring this to my successor : You are chosen : What are you talking about ? Only someone like yourself- - of past and present time- - can serve as bearer of the symbol : Of past and present time ? Yes : You have been tested in the past : You will be tested again : You certainly know a lot about me : I have been waiting 500 Earth years : for your arrival : 500 years ? The blinking of an eye : in cosmic time : You were chosen long ago to carry the symbol : The symbol ? I don 't understand- - Don 't ! Carry it with reverence , unopened : It has terrible power : Keep it just so : until you place it in the hand of the successor : But I don 't know anything about any successor or where you want this brought : [ Sighs ] The cycle ofJanovus XXVI : is nearing its end , my son , and I am dying : You must honor my request : Old man , I 'm sorry , but I- - But you have no choice : You are the chosen one : to be the messenger : [ Sighs , Groans ] All right , all right : I 'll-I 'll take it : [ Sighs ] I am content : It is done : - He 's gone : - Those candles going out- - Flickering one moment , gone the next : Listen : Even the wind 's died : Buck : do you think that storm could have been created just to bring us here ? I 'm not sure of anything : I don 't know what to think of this mission or : anything : I guess we have to attend to first things first : The grave outside ? Mm-hmm : He worked long and hard : making it ready : for himself : [ Bell Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] [ Hawk ] May he rest for eternity : Amen to that : Buck , you think it wise : we bring that object and the scrolls aboard Searcher ? I don 't think we have any choice , Hawk : I gave my word I 'd deliver it : wherever it goes : [ Children Chattering ] [ Chattering Continues ] [ Car Engine Starts ] [ Chattering Continues ] Buck : Buck ! Sorry to wake you : Lunch is ready : Mom ? Afternoon , Captain Rogers : Enjoying your leave ? Yeah , I sure am : [ Children Continue Chattering ] [ Dog Barking ] Hope you enjoyed your nap : I hated to disturb you : There : Isn 't that pretty ? What is it , dear ? Mom , how long have I been home ? Well , two weeks , of course : Your furlough 's up tomorrow : What 's wrong , Buck ? Do I look all right to you ? In what way ? I mean , of course , you 're tired : And we 've all said that you should take it easier , but- - No , no , not like that : I mean , different , you know ? It 's hard to explain : Um- - I had this dream , I guess , that I was in the 25th century flying spacecraft : and meeting interesting people : Buck , you were always a dreamer : Now eat your lunch : I 'll get the coffee : You know , it 's really strange , Mom , having a dream like that : Everything 's so real , you know : What seems to last months , only takes a few minutes : Maybe it 's because , um- - Because you 're worried about the mission : No , no : Every detail of that mission has been computed to the last decimal point : There 's not a chance of a malfunction : I know that 's what all the engineers say , but that same rocket system exploded the first time they tested it : A man was killed : Yes , and the fuel problem that caused that has long since been corrected : Mom , I am lucky to be on this mission : I was chosen over 1 2 other guys : Look : You know , I 've worked my tail off to get this chance : My one , big ambition has been to pilot a deep space probe : Besides , this will put me at the top of the heap at NASA : Is that such a worthwhile ambition , to be top of the heap ? Well , the view 's a lot nicer from up there : You know , pride is one of the seven deadly sins : Now look : I don 't want you to worry : You understand , huh ? There 's nothing to worry about : I promise : All right , Buck : You know I-I 'm very proud of you : Only sometimes I get frightened : Well , there 's nothing to be frightened of : I tell you what I 'll do : I 'll take one of your flowers here , take that along for good luck : All right ? Now , I 'll be back before it wilts : Mission Control , Ranger 3 : Orbit achieved : Everything 's as smooth as a baby 's bottom : [ Control ] You 're looking good , Buck : Telemetry good : Fuel consumption , timeline 's right on : I 'm gonna try the automated maneuver series : I know it 's an option , Buck , but maybe another time : Let the brass study automated maneuver , lay it out on the boards a time or two before your hide 's on the line : Look , if we do it today , right now , we 'll be six months ahead : Then we 're sooner into the program : Why don 't you see if you can clear it , Charlie ? Hold on a sec : Okay , Buck : All thrust systems are go : But remember , you 're to go for no more than a three-minute burn : Three minutes : Good luck : Thank you , Charlie : - [ Engines Revving ] - Engaging thrusts : now : [ Engines Continue ] Okay , come on , baby : Let 's see you do your thing : G-forces seven and still accelerating : Hang on a sec : I 'm picking up some vibration : Looks like it 's from number three engine : It 's getting stronger : Cut three , Buck ! Cut it ! I think it 's exhaust turbulence from one and two : [ Grunts ] I can 't hold her ! Starting to roll ! Trying to stabilize ! Buck , you 're off course ! We 're losing you on the scopes ! [ Panting ] Life-support systems are affected : Cockpit heating failure : I 'm icing up : Controls are freezing : Cabin temperature 's still falling : [ Charlie ] Mission Control calling Captain Rogers : Come in , Buck : Come in , Buck : ! Buck : ! Buck : ! Buck ! [ Hawk ] Buck : Buck : ! [ Breathing Deeply ] What happened ? You were shouting something about controls freezing : It- - It woke me : Then you went limp like a dead man : Your eyes open , but seeing something infinitely far away : I was far away : I was back in my own century , Hawk : Dreaming I was home : Reliving everything : up to the last moment : my mission went haywire : Except I wasn 't dreaming : I did relive it : I was there : Everybody 's safely aboard : Reset course for Lambda Colony : Aye , Admiral : Course computed : 1 40 degrees cubic , sixth galaxial plane : Good : Well , here it is : So , this is the mysterious box ? Special delivery parcel : Though where it goes , and to whom , I have no idea : [ Clicks Switch ] Crichton , report to the bridge at once : Buck , this just looks like a beautiful artifact : made of some sort of phosphorescent material : What kind of danger do you think it might pose ? I 'm not exactly sure yet : The old one spoke of its terrible power , and , last night , Buck had that strange experience : Oh , yes , the dream you reported , returning to the 20th century , meeting your mother again : Buck , maybe you were just thinking of your home and your loved ones : before you fell asleep : No , no : No , Wilma , I was back there with my mother : We were talking : She was just as alive as you are all here : What I relived last night was real : I just can 't explain it : Admiral , I must register my protest at this interruption : Your summons intruded just as I was : digesting an abstruse manuscript : for Dr : Goodfellow : Spare me the details of your digestion and get to work : We need a breakdown on this box : Such a childishly simple task : hardlyjustifies- - Right now , Crichton : Oh , very well : Composition is an unusual variety of jade : Very unusual : Atomic structure seems to be photon-sensitive , which , no doubt , explains its variable luminosity : What 's inside the box ? No data retrieved by my receptors : Direct examination of contents will be required : No , no , no , no , let 's , uh- - let 's not fool around with opening it , Crichton : I was told to deliver this , just the way it is , to its rightful owner , whoever that 's supposed to be : " Rightful owner " ? I can help you there : - Perhaps it 's one of the Guardians , Buck : - The Guardians ? Yes : I 've done a preliminary examination of these manuscripts that you brought back : They 're extraordinary : They 're fascinating , and there 's a single theme recurring throughout : The same theme that I 've observed in a great many ancient cultures : And what theme is that , Doctor ? There are certain saintly figures scattered about the universe : Now , let me read you something : " Ten unknown , humble , " righteous souls whose duty it is to preserve the forces of world order : " Each entrusted with a symbol : that holds one of the cosmic dimensions in place : " - Including the fourth dimension ? - The fourth dimension : Of course : Time too : According to these beliefs , my boy , the Guardian ofTime is supposed to serve : for a single eon , and then be replaced : And ifhis successor isn 't found , order is confounded , disasters occur , human flaws and failings magnified into chaos : and destruction : That would account for those periods of Earth 's history : when major catastrophe struck , wouldn 't it ? Yes , indeed : You 're quite right : And the final atomic holocaust which nearly destroyed the Earth : Admiral Asimov , my screen 's suddenly started to show some crazy readouts : What is it ? What 's wrong ? Navigational computer seems : to have us on a heading of 3 59 degrees cubic : Why , that course would take us to the very edge of the galaxy ! Yes , sir : I really don 't understand what happened : Switch over to manual : - Get back on a heading for Lambda Colony : - Yes , sir : Going on to manual now : And let 's have that computer thoroughly checked out : Crichton , get on it : Indications are computer function is entirely normal , Admiral : Don 't tell me normal : It 's put us 21 9 degrees off course ! Now check it out : Oh , very well , Admiral : Well , ladies and gentlemen , balky computers or not , we are well on our way to Lambda Colony : And here 's to a long liberty once we get there : Especially for a certain , uh , bridegroom-to-be : [ Chuckling ] Dierdre 's ship arrives two days before we do , - and the wedding 's all arranged : - Good : Oh , Captain Rogers and Hawk , I hope you both are gonna make the ceremony : Well , I promised you I 'd dance at your wedding , didn 't I ? That is , if I can take care of this hot potato before then : Excuse me : Any luck finding a clue to its destination ? Not yet , Admiral : Even the strongest sensors in the laboratory : have not penetrated its interior : Well , I don 't see why we can 't simply : look inside the blasted thing and learn if anything 's there : Why , I certainly don 't believe these folktales about its danger and so-called power : [ Chuckling ] [ Coughing , Gasping ] [ Weakly ] Admiral , Admiral- - [ Weakly ] Food : - Admiral- - - Food : - Admiral- - - [ Gasping ] [ Softly ] My God ! What 's happening here ? [ Crew Continues Moaning , Gasping ] [ Weakly ] Can 't you see , Admiral ? We 're all starving to death : What 's the matter , Admiral ? Aren 't you feeling well ? What ? No , no , I 'm-I 'm- - I 'm fine : Excuse me : I 've got to get back to the bridge : Hawk , uh , would you watch this for me , please ? Hawk : ! I hear : ! I hear you : ! Koori : Hawk : Koori : My beloved : I have missed you so : Longed for you , day and night : Hawk : A moment again with you , Hawk : Even a moment : We will never be apart again : The box : We will keep it and stay together forever : But that is not possible : You called and , somehow , I was permitted to come to you : But we have two worlds now : No : I will go with you into your world : I will leave this life : to be with you : No : It is not your appointed time : And we are now hurting each other : Hurting ? Yes : No : We are together again : And we must part again : Suffering the same agony over and over : Good-bye , my love : No ! No ! Hawk , are you all right ? - Koori was here : - Koori ? But how ? Koori ? [ Wilma ] She was Hawk 's wife : It 's all right , Hawk : We 'll take the box out of here : Try to get some rest : Colonel : I 've never seen Hawk so emotionally upset : I wonder what happened ? Something to do with this thing , evidently : I wish it had never been brought on board this ship : Anyway , you better report it to the admiral , and I 'll take this to the lab : Excuse me : Who are you ? What are you doing here ? Oh , my God : Doctor , did you see a woman with a cane go by ? A woman with a cane ? No : What are you talking about ? There 's no one else in the corridor : But- - What seems to be the matter ? [ Stammers ] Never mind : Mm-hmm : You feeling any better , Admiral ? Oh , much better , thanks : I seem to have had a bad spell back there : One of those quick " daymare " kind of visions : Probably due to fatigue : That 's all : I didn 't sleep too well last night : I don 't believe this : Sir , there 's still something wrong : I mean , even on manual , I keep getting these impossible compass readings : Are you back to 3 59 heading ? That 's right : It seems like every time I blink my eyes- - Something must have gone haywire with this equipment too , sir : Spectroscopic star fixes are all showing a uniform two-thirds red shift : Two-thirds red shift ? They can 't all be receding from us at that speed : I 've got a hunch , Admiral , we better stick to this 3 59 degree heading : What are you talking about , Buck ? I don 't intend to take this ship out to the very edges of the universe , beyond any known galaxy , just because of your hunch : Now , we can 't have gotten that far off course : Crichton , how many grids are we away from Lambda Colony at this point ? 508,000 Admiral , increasing geometrically at a rate of 62 grids per second , per second : What ? Figure it again : That would mean taking decades to get there : Indeed , it would , Admiral : 1 3 2 Earth years to be exact : 1 3 2 Earth years : Why , th-that 's impossible : That 's crazy : We 'd run out of supplies before we got halfway there : We 'd all starve to death : So that 's what the vision meant : My whole crew starving to death : before we make port : Moving further away from it every second : Nope , nothing wrong with these circuits : As I clearly informed you , gentlemen , all equipment is in perfect working order : It can 't be in perfect order : We haven 't been able to keep the ship on course for more than a minute at a time : Something 's got to be blocking manual controls : [ Wilma ] Searcher calling Lambda Spaceport : Come in , Lambda : Come in : Still getting just static : W-Wait a minute : There 's a signal : It 's very faint , but- - It sounds like Lambda Control , but I can 't seem to pinpoint it : Lambda , come in ! Lambda , please come in ! I 'm picking up a voice response : Subspace band 3 5 : 9 : Give me full power on static suppressors : ! Got it : [ Man Over Radio , Faintly ] This is Lambda Colony Control replying to subspace transmission : Do you read me ? Do you read ? Thank goodness : We read you , Lambda , though very faintly : We 've been trying to reach you for hours , since our ship went off course : [ Lambda Control ] We do not track your ship : Identification requested : This is Earth ship Searcher calling : We 're due at Lambda tomorrow , but we 've had a navigation problem : [ Lambda Control ] Searcher ? I can 't believe it : You 're eight months overdue : and carried on official rosters as lost : This is Searcher : I tell you : We 're not lost : We 'rejust off course : Try to get a fix on their homing beam : - Can 't , Buck : It 's too distant : - Just a second : Let me try to get a signal through : Lambda Control , this is Lieutenant Devlin : I want to get a message to a Cadet Dierdre Lasalle : Tell her that I 'm all right : [ Lambda Control ] Lasalle , you said ? Cadet Dierdre Lasalle was also lost : in the crash of a rescue vessel sent out to find Searcher : No , it isn 't true ! She- - She can 't be lost : [ Lambda Control ] Death of all hands on the vessel was confirmed six months ago : [ Radio Static Whining ] Lambda Control ! Come in , Lambda ! I 'm sorry : I 'm really sorry : We all are : I wish there was something I could say : [ Crying ] It 's that box : It 's that box : Ever since it 's been on board , we 've had nothing but trouble : It killed my fiancée : It killed her ! It killed my fiancée ! You better go with him , Wilma : More curious than ever : Oh , dear , dear , dear : Yttrium laser beam also useless : Energy 1 00 % deflected : That ought to be impossible : Hello , Mr : Devlin : If you 've come here for a progress report , I 'm afraid I 'm disappointing you : Dr : Goodfellow , would you key in the disposal unit for me , please ? I don 't know what you 're talking about : I 'll do it ! You 'll do what ? This box will be our damnation : What do you think you 're doing ? Stop that ! You must stop that at once ! No way to behave in my laboratory : Dr : Goodfellow , I was looking- - No ! Let go of this box ! No ! We need assistance in the lab ! Quick , quick ! This box is cursed ! [ Groans ] We 've got to get rid of it ! [ Gasps ] [ Gasping ] Now , just what 's happening down here ? [ Wilma Crying ] [ Continues Crying ] What is it , child ? What happened ? My eyes- - [ Continues Crying ] Oh , I 'm terribly sorry : A terrible light exploded from the box : That does it : Admiral , no ! Admiral Asimov to the bridge , please : Right away , sir : [ Wilma Whimpering ] What now ? Doctor : There 's something wrong on the bridge : I better get up there : Yes , run along : I 'll look after her : Let me have a look , dear : Let me have a look : Now keep absolutely still : [ Shuddering ] Colonel , are you all right ? [ Shuddering , Gasps ] Well ? Tell me : What the devil 's going on ? Well , I guess we better stop trying to change that heading , Admiral , and just ride along : I suppose we haven 't very much to lose anymore : Or much choice either : [ Pushing Buttons ] There we are : How do you feel ? How do your eyes- - How do your eyes feel , my dear ? Better : Good : The image of the light from the box is finally fading : Oh , that 's good news : Just let that medication work for a bit , won 't you ? That treatment should restore her vision in a while , - for a short period at least : - What do you mean , a short period ? The long-range prognosis isn 't good , I 'm afraid : Her eyes sustained severe damage : Cataracts will form , unless delicate surgery 's performed pretty soon : Can it be done here ? Out of the question : No , we must wait until we reach the facilities available at the colony : - If we get there at all : - You needn 't whisper : The situation is no secret to me at all : I had foreknowledge of the whole thing over an hour ago : I had a vision of myself : walking the ship 's corridors : as a blind woman : Another vision of time jumping its tracks : [ Softly ] Hey : You 're gonna be all right , you know that ? I give you my word : [ Gasps ] Buck , I 'm scared : [ Softly ] Hey : There 's no reason to be scared : I gave you my word , didn 't I ? [ Sniffling ] I 've never let you down before , have I ? Okay : [ Softer ] You 'll be okay : Colonel , I-I panicked : I-I can 't- - I can 't tell you how sorry I am : It wasn 't your fault , Lieutenant : And- - And I was wrong to strike you : Yes , excuse me , Mr : Devlin : She 's got to get her rest : I 'm so sorry : Thank you : Thank you , my boy : Thank you : Ah , well , I rather like the way Buck put that : Just take his word and you 'll be all right : Never let you down yet : Positive thought , my dear : Positive thought : God bless you : [ Hawk ] We 're changing course again : Five more degrees off axial : Just let it continue to change course on its own : Oh , my God , look at that : Look at that : Spectroscopic red shift 's at nine-tenths : This is incredible : Buck , how can you be sure it 's the right thing to do , letting it take us to the fringes of the universe ? I think it 's the only thing to do : The box is hunting for its Guardian : It 's not gonna set us free until that hunt is over : [ Twiki ] Admiral Asimov , we 've compiled a list of ship 's stores , as you requested : We 're down to about two weeks ' worth : of food , fuel and medicines : [ Asimov ] What are you talking about ? Why , three days ago , we had at least 1 8 months ' stock of supplies aboard : You 're wrong : You 've got to be : All computations are error-free , Admiral : I am hardly responsible for the lamentable fact : that human beings require organic nourishment in order to survive : It 's this damned evil box : It 's used up our ship 's stores like it 's used up our time : Devlin , you 're dead right : This thing wants to destroy us all : No , Admiral , I don 't really believe its motives are evil : Oh , you don 't ? What about the nightmare visions it 's given everybody who 's touched it ? What about the way it 's marooning us right now , among these uncharted stars ? The fault , dear Admiral , may lie not in our stars but in ourselves , with my apologies to the poet : You 're talking in riddles : What 's that supposed to mean ? I think what Dr : Goodfellow means is that those visions : grew out of some selfishness or weakness of our own : In my case , my mother was warning me about the sin of pride : And knowing it was wrong to try to change the order of life , I still called Koori back to me : And I lashed out at Lieutenant Devlin in anger : Admiral , look : A terra-class solar system , just like the ones back in our section of the universe : Everyone , resume stations : Mainly desert terrain , but I do pick up echoes of a deep rift valley with some vegetation : Holo scan pattern suggest some sort of building or other large structure : Sounds like the best place to search : Come on , Hawk : Buck , take me along too : My eyes : If the box is the power of good as well as evil , well , then , maybe down there- - Come on : The box , Admiral : [ Buck ] From the look of it , it must be hundreds of years old : [ Hawk ] Yes , it is almost strange to find it here : There do not seem to be any other structures in the valley : [ Wilma ] It 's still beautiful : Think what it must have been like once : This must have once been a holy place : There doesn 't seem to be anybody around : Maybe we 've come to the wrong place : Buck , over there , chiseled in stone : " Janovus XXVI " was carved on the first stone : Now it 's " Janovus XXVII : ' " - [ Bell Ringing ] - [ Sheep Bleating ] [ Ringing , Bleating Continue ] Wait , wait : Don 't run off : Don 't be frightened : I 'm not frightened , sir , just startled : [ Hawk ] He speaks our tongue : Who are you , boy ? Where do you come from ? They call me the Lame One : I come from the valley beyond , but I shelter my flock within these old walls : Do you know where we might find a person called Janovus ? No shepherd in the valley is called by that name : It is known only as a word carved on that stone behind you : - We know that , but who put it there ? - It has been here as long as anyone can remember : Uh , do you or any of the shepherds know anything about a Guardian ? - Guardian ? - Yes , the Guardian of this symbol : Oh , it 's such a beautiful thing , but I 've never seen it before : Buck , we go on searching ? Another place further and further ? No : Janovus is here somewhere nearby : [ Rumbling ] Buck : ! [ Hawk ] What 's happening ? [ Screaming ] It 's an earthquake : ! A big one : ! On the ground , everybody : ! [ Screaming Continues ] - [ Hawk ] The earth is opening : ! - Buck , the boy is falling ! [ Buck ] Just hold on , hold on ! Just hold on : I 'll try to reach you : I 'll try to reach you : Go back , please ! You might fall ! [ Buck Grunting ] I 'll come down the other way : No ! No , don 't risk it ! You mustn 't ! Buck , it 's sandstone : It will not hold you : I gotta try : Hold on : You mustn 't ! Just hold on : Hold on : - Just hold on : - I 'm only a shepherd : Just hold on : I 'll be right- - I 'm almost there : - I can 't let you do it : - Hold on : I can 't ! [ Groans ] No ! No ! [ Sighs , Panting ] Why ? Why ? He sacrificed himself for you , Buck , so you wouldn 't risk your life for him : Look , the box ! [ Male Voice ] We extend our greetings : and our gratitude to the people of Searcher : for helping us discover the Tenth Power : Our gratitude especially to you , Captain Rogers , for fulfilling your role as bearer of the symbol of time , and as witness to the selflessness of one : who can now take his place : among the Ten Sacred Guardians : The shepherd boy : [ Hawk ] He is no longer lame : He 's the successor , the new Guardian : Captain , this symbol of Guardianship has been delivered into my hands : I thank you for bringing it here : And now , let time slip back into order : Let all wounds heal and blessings grow : My eyes ! They 're healed ! And each thing be in its proper place : The figures on the wall- - Gone like the morning mist : And , once again , all is right with the world : Crichton , give me an E : T : A : check : Touchdown at Lambda Colony : 1 430 hours , Admiral : Exactly on schedule : Helmsman , how 's our speed and fuel consumption now ? Normal , sir : Good : Colonel Deering , what 's communications status ? Normal here too , sir : We 're keeping in touch with Lambda Control : Oh , and by the way , they have no record of our ever being lost : Any word on your fiancée ? Dierdre 's waiting on the ramp : Just as soon as we dock , we 're going right to the ceremony : You will be there , won 't you , Captain Rogers ? And you too , Hawk ? Of course , we will : I promised to dance at your wedding , remember ? I will : [ Both Laughing ] [ Dr : Goodfellow Laughing ] Will you believe it ? Listen to me : Listen to me , everybody : To paraphrase the good Professor Einstein : The time-space curve is back on track : I tell you : [ Laughing ] So , Crichton , all 's well that ends well , you idiot : Hmm : [ All Laughing ]
