 Captain Rogers : It 's nice seeing you again : [ Narrator ] Three beautiful space angels kidnap Twiki : And Buck finds the key to saving Earth from fiery destruction by a runaway spaceberg : - What do you want , Belzak ? - Your Buck Rogers for his drone : Prepare the ambu-quad for disassembly : My planet is in danger of being destroyed : I 've got a chance of saving it , but I can 't without your help : I want Rogers in that acid now ! [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : Colonel Deering reporting from spaceberg escort : [ Dr : Huer , Over Radio ] Yes , Colonel : We 're approaching the entrance to Stargate 9 : Requesting clearance : [ Beeping ] Clearance granted , Colonel : Proceed on established flight vector : What is that , Dr : Huer ? That is 10 billion tons of frozen oxygen : Once it 's located on the North Pole , it 'll begin to melt : : : And help to replenish the oxygen-depleted atmosphere of the entire planet : This is the third time that we 've handled a transport of this kind , and the procedure still makes me nervous : Why is that ? Because the spaceberg is on a precise path towards a window in our atmosphere , and it has to hit that window and pass through it exactly as planned : Exactly : And if it doesn 't ? Friction from the atmosphere would ignite the oxygen : Our calculations have indicated that the resulting explosion : : : Would literally scorch a third of the Earth 's surface , possibly half : [ Man ] Look at what the Terrans are doing at this very moment , Pinchas : They have a problem , and they do something about it , whatever the difficulties : But you , you simply come to me with talk , no action : I 've been working on a solution to our current problem , sir : I 've been in contact with several agents on Earth , and ... More talk : ! Meanwhile , I have 5,000 miners malingering and threatening to leave their posts : Do you know what that means ? Yes , sir , I do : It means we 're not producing enough blazium : I 've got orders backed up to Xynon , and I can 't fill them ! Then I shall find myself unable to support my chief operations officer : : : Just as I can no longer tolerate his incompetence : Do I make myself clear ? Ah : Anad , you 've come : I grew tired of waiting for your call : You 've read the list of grievances ? Shocking : Long hours , low pay , unhealthy working conditions : Low morale , unrest : The miners have elected me to represent them : Yes : And under your leadership , they have united for the first time : And united we stand until something is done : Oh , something is going to be done : [ Beep ] - Why have you summoned them ? - The Omni Guard ? They are the key to our security , Anad : They 've kept the mines open and working : Through cruelty and force ! How untrue : I fear you may have hurt their feelings : [ Groans ] Take the meddling fool away : Silencing him is only a temporary measure : [ Groaning ] The miners will soon have another leader : A solution I mentioned earlier , sir ... this is it : A drone ? They 've been miserable failures in the mines : We need something more than artificial intelligence down there : This is a Terran drone , sir : Serial number 22-23-T : Manufactured at the ambu-quad facility in New Chicago : - So ? - What makes 22-23-T so unique , sir , is that its basic programming has been augmented by its present owner , a Captain Buck Rogers : Rogers is a Terran from the 20th century , and he 's endowed the drone with extraordinary features ... resourcefulness , courage , loyalty : : : And ... even though we know such is impossible ... some say imagination : And you 're thinking to buy it , break it down , analyze its binary patterning : Yes , sir : And mass produce it to serve in the mines : Each unit as an adjunct to a miner : : : To take over some of the more uncomfortable and dangerous procedures : And where is this one-of-a-kind ambu-quad to be found right now ? On Earth in New Chicago : And my thought was our morale problem would be ... Ladies , I have a mission for you : [ Wilma ] Dr : Huer , my instrumentation indicates that the oxygen mass : : : Is maintaining a perfect trajectory : Temperature is holding steady at minus 250 degrees Celsius : Thank you , Colonel : Please keep me posted of even the slightest change in conditions : [ Doorbell Beeps ] Captain Rogers ? That 's correct : I 'm Stella Breet : I 'm a contract administrator for Kurt Belzak : : : On the asteroid Toros in Third Quadrant : You 'll have to excuse me : I 'm a little new around here : I don 't know what any of that means : Oh , well , uh , can I come in and explain ? Sure : Sure , come in : Come on : Looks just like I imagined it would : Like you " imagined it would " ? Oh , we always compile biofiles of all our business associates before we meet them : I didn 't know that we were associates : We 're not , but we will be : Just exactly who is this , uh , Kurt Belzak ? Hmm ? Mr : Belzak owns an integrated mining , manufacturing and distribution operation : : : With its headquarters on Toros : He 's the , uh , sole supplier of an explosive called blazium : That 's very interesting , except I still don 't see where I come into this picture : Ah : [ Exhales ] Uh-huh : A million , in round figures : It 's yours : What have I done to deserve such generosity ? You haven 't done anything : It 's , uh , payment for your ambu-quad ... serial number 22-23-T : " T " as in Twiki ? Yes : Twiki : - I 'm sorry , Stella : He 's not for sale : - Oh , I see : You want to negotiate : No : I just don 't want to sell Twiki : Well , it-it 's just an ambu-quad : No : Twiki 's a little more than that : He 's , uh ... He 's like a friend : A drone is a drone , Captain : Friends ... Friends are different : One feels affection for friends : One owns a drone , and anything that is owned can be sold : Except for Twiki : You see , it 'd be like selling family : Besides , why does Belzak want my particular ambu-quad ? - He 's only one of thousands : - I 'm not paid to know why , Captain : Uh , Captain Rogers , I need your help : Mr : Belzak will be very upset with me if I come back with nothing : Well , I 'd say anything you want except Twiki and me : [ Chuckles ] I understand that : I have a friend who runs a biostereometrical facility : And , well , I thought ... - Oh , you mean a 3-D photographer : - Yes : Could I take pictures ofTwiki 's internal circuitry ? [ Exhales ] It-It 's not much , but at least it would be something to bring back to Belzak : Yeah , I guess that 'd be all right : I don 't see any harm in taking pictures ofTwiki 's internal circuitry : Besides , knowing the ham he is , he 'd probably enjoy it : - " Ham " ? - You 'll find out what that means when you meet him : Oh : Thank you : Uh ... This is the address : See you there at 9 : 00 ? Fine : [ Sighs ] He wouldn 't sell : But we 've got a date with Captain Rogers : : : And Twiki : Let 's go : Dr : Huer , I 'm monitoring an increasing frequency of ionized particles ... rising rapidly : [ Sighs ] Doctor , I want a detailed radio scan of Quadrant 4 immediately : [ Theo ] Yes , Doctor : But , Doctor , an ion storm of large-enough magnitude could ... I 'm aware of the ramifications , Doctor : Begin gathering data , please : [ Chirping ] Where is everybody , Buck ? It 's after hours , Twiki : Everyone 's gone home : Yeah , here it is : Yeah : Hmm : Captain Rogers : Thank you for bringing the ambu-quad : Now , if you 'll just leave it here for a while : [ Scoffs ] No way , Stella : As you wish , Captain : [ Grunts ] [ Chirping ] Hey ! Hey ! I 'm private property : You 're trespassing : Ambu-quad prepared : Autopilot set at coordinates 446 : Remote facility activated : Excellent : I 'll take control : Remain on Earth until the ambu-quad is securely on Toros : [ Engines Powering Up ] [ Chirping ] This " wild blue yonder " stuff is for the birds ! Dr : Huer : Twiki 's been taken : What ? Three women ... psychokinetics : It 's a long story , but I think he was taken to ... Captain Rogers : I have a report of a non-Terran starfighter being launched : Its digital reference was H270 , indicating its port of origin is Toros in the Third Quadrant : An ambu-quad is in the cockpit : I 'm going after him : This is Buck Rogers calling H270 : Do you read ? [ Chirping ] I thought you 'd deserted me : The ambu-quad is being followed , Pinchas : Very closely : It appears the two ships may have rendezvoused : Yes : Well , we 'll take care of that : - Are you a sight for sore circuits : - You too , pal : - What 's the situation on board ? - [ Chirping ] It 's all remote control , Buck : [ Over Monitor ] I can 't do a thing : Buck ? Buck Rogers ? The Terran owner ? All right , Rogers , let 's see how good you are : [ Chirping ] Buck , that wasn 't me : I know , little buddy : Listen , you gotta pop that canopy and get out of that ship fast : - [ Chirping ] But it 's a long walk home : - Don 't worry : I 'll track you in : - Here I go , Buck ! - The drone is out of the ship ! Where are you , Buck ? Buck ! [ Chirping ] Some may like hanging loose , but not this quad : Well , you 're good , whoever you are , but you 're not quite good enough : So long : This is Starfighter 1314 to Earth Control : Come in , please : [ Woman Over Radio ] You 've got New Tulsa Tracking Station , Starfighter 1314 : What can we do for you ? I 've lost an ambu-quad up here : I 'm gonna need some help finding him : You 've got it , 1314 : Well , make it quick , will ya ? There 's a heavy-gravity body nearby : If I don 't pick him up fast , he 's gonna crash into it : [ Chirping ] Help ! [ Continues Chirping ] [ Chirping ] Hurry , Buck ! This is New Tulsa Tracking Station to Starfighter 1314 : Go ahead , New Tulsa : We have a fix : Distance ... 33,000 mega-Ks from Alpha Centauri : Radius vector ... 33 degrees left off the elliptical plane : : : And elevation 40 degrees north : Roger , New Tulsa : I 'm on my way : [ Chirping ] Hurry , Buck ! [ Continues Chirping ] [ Chirping ] Thanks , Buck : [ Chuckles ] We 're reporting as per schedule : Did the ambu-quad arrive yet ? Hardly : The Terran owner intercepted him and brought him back to Earth : Buck Rogers : That would be consistent with the information in his biofile : What are your orders ? If the ambu-quad is so important to Buck Rogers , let 's see how important Buck Rogers is : : : To Earth : He heads an industrial complex : : : Which controls dozens of intergalactic corporations : The base of his power , though , is in the blazium mines on Toros : What 's so important about blazium ? Blazium ? Well , gram for gram , it 's the most powerful explosive ever developed : Mr : Belzak has made millions by selling blazium to any and all buyers : - What did he want with Twiki ? - [ Chirping ] Whatever it is , he can 't have it : Dr : Huer , this is Colonel Deering : Do you read ? [ Over Radio ] Do you read ? Yes , Colonel Deering : This is Dr : Huer : We seem to have a substantial amount of interference : We 're encountering a rather violent storm , Doctor : The ion count is still alarmingly high : [ Radio Static ] Dr : Theopolis : The data reflects a mature ion storm : : : Sweeping directly across the path of the spaceberg : - Dr : Huer : - Yes , Colonel : The spaceberg has moved off its established flight path : [ Switch Clicking ] Yes , Colonel : That 's confirmed by our observations here as well : Please stand by for further instructions : Dr : Huer , if that spaceberg misses the window ... - What can we do ? - Frankly , Buck , I 'm not sure : We 've moved oxygen in this manner twice before : We 've always known there was a risk , but it seemed to be outweighed by the urgent need : - I 'm gonna give Wilma a hand : - But there 's nothing you can do , Buck : [ Sighs ] Tell her I 'm on my way : Captain Rogers : It 's nice seeing you again : Where exactly am I ? Three minutes out of Stargate 23 : An hour from Toros : Hmm : Well , at least Belzak is consistent ... two kidnappings in a row : Doesn 't he know how to say " Please " ? - Belzak gets what he wants : - Everything ? Why are you doing this ? There are reasons , necessities : Hmm : In my apartment , you said something about friends and affection : You just forget about all of that and throw it out the window ? - Just a lot of words ? - Perhaps something from the nutrition center : Stella , what 's Belzak got on you ? I 'm sorry : I don 't want to talk about this right now : Is he threatening you ? What 's he holding over you ? Come on , Stella : Tell me : It 's not me : It 's my son , Lucas : His father was a : : : Toros general , one of the chosen class : I was a paranormal with psychokinetic powers : Our marriage : : : And our child : : : Were never condoned by the ruling class : When my : : : Husband protested , he was executed as a traitor to his class : He was killed for loving me : The man who signed his death order was Belzak : And on Toros , the son of a traitor is also condemned to a traitor 's death : Belzak spared him : As civilian head of the ruling body , he alone could do so : He allowed me to send Lucas to Remus 2 , and then he forced me to use my psychokinetic powers for his purposes : If I ever tried to leave him , he 'd have Lucas killed : It doesn 't have to be that way : [ Man Over Radio ] This is Toros Approach Control to Shuttle 9281 : [ Man Continues , Indistinct ] We 'll be arriving soon : I hope your stay in Toros will be a pleasant one : Repeat : This is Toros Approach Control to Shuttle 9281 : You 're cleared for reentry over the outer marker : Welcome : : : To my little corner of the universe , Captain Rogers : Better put that to music : [ Laughing ] May I have the current data , Doctor , please ? Current angular displacement of the spaceberg : : : Is approximately three degrees from center , Doctor : It will miss the atmospheric window : : : By nearly 633 kilometers : Might as well be six meters : Once the explosions begin , the entire spaceberg will disintegrate : [ Belzak ] Ah : Dr : Huer , I presume ? Yes : And you are ? Kurt Belzak , sir : It seems you have a bit of a problem on your hands : Yes , and very little time to talk to you : So , if you don 't mind ... Oh , but I do : Indeed I do : - We need to speak : - About what ? About your friend and mine : Buck ! How did you ... How is not important , Doctor : It 's what we do next that interests me : I see : What do you want , Belzak ? Your Buck Rogers for his drone ... an even exchange : [ Chirping ] Hey ! Belzak , you 're already guilty of kidnapping and extortion : How do you expect me to deal with ... Doc , don 't do anything : Belzak , listen to me : My hands are tied : The Directorate strictly forbids responding to such threats : All I can do is turn over the entire matter to the interstellar authorities immediately : Don 't be a fool , Doctor : Send me the ambu-quad , or Buck Rogers will suffer the consequences : [ Switch Clicks ] [ Exclaims ] There 's nothing I can do to help him : Nothing at all : Under the circumstances , I don 't think it necessary to ... to give Colonel Deering the burden of : : : Knowing : Twiki , where are you going ? Twiki ? [ Chirping ] What about Buck ? Come back here this instant : Twiki : [ Chirping ] Buck , here comes the cavalry : [ Engines Powering Up ] - Geronimo ! - [ Engines Blast ] [ Chirping ] Hang on , Buck : I 'm on my way : I think I 've done you a great service , Captain Rogers : Oh , really ? That oxygen-mass transport project was : : : Ingenious , daring : : : And will ultimately prove to be fatal to your Terran brethren : I think they 'll find a way to get it back on course : It 's possible but not probable : One doesn 't just nudge 10 billion tons back on course : Oh , I should like to convince you : : : That a man of your reputed talents has a place here on Toros : After all , your Terran brethren have abandoned you : Perhaps : I don 't think you need those anymore : Unshackle Captain Rogers : Bring him on our morning rounds : [ Handcuffs Buzz ] Let 's see if we can make him a convert to our cause : This is the very heart of our blazium operation : The raw ore is dissolved in hydrochloric acid , reducing it to a pure crystal form : As an explosive , it has unique properties : Aside from its power , it 's the quickest-burning and the hottest , which makes it particularly useful in the cold of space : It must be difficult storing an explosive like this : Not at all : You 're holding enough blazium to destroy a small moon with ease : Don 't worry , Captain : Blazium needs a substantial amount of energy to ignite : Consequently , it 's quite stable : I can see that you 're genuinely interested , Captain : - Fascinated : - Good : Very good : I can see a glorious future for you here , Captain : Those mines are nearly a flawless operation , except they depend on men to work them : It should be obvious why I need your remarkable ambu-quad , with all the 20th-century talent you have imbued him with , combined , of course , with your own : Well , I really hate to tell you this , Belzak , but , uh , Twiki is chronically lazy : [ Beeps ] [ Chirping ] Oops : I guess I blew it , Buck : - Twiki , what are you doing here ? Dr : Huer didn 't ... - [ Chirping ] I came on my own : - Prepare the ambu-quad for disassembly : - [ Chirps ] Uh-oh ! [ Chirping ] Help ! Hang on , Buck : [ Belzak ] Stop him ! He 's only one man : Stop him ! Keep your hands right where I can see ' em : All right , Twiki : Let 's go : [ Chirping ] You got it , boss : [ Beeps ] Keep goin ' , Twiki : This is ridiculous : One drone and a Terran have me trapped in my own quarters ? Deploy a squadron of guards in each of the main corridors : I want that ambu-quad back in one piece : And I want Rogers ... dead or alive ! Pinchas ! Hold it , Twiki : That blazium storage room must be around here somewhere : [ Chirping ] Blazium ? Let 's just get outta here : I think that blazium might just solve our spaceberg crisis : Something Belzak said about its properties : Come on : [ High-pitched Tone ] [ Chirping ] What 's wrong ? That noise ! It 's goin ' right through my head ! [ Groans ] [ Tone Continues ] [ Chirping ] Give me a boost , Buck : - Buck : - [ Gasping ] [ Moans ] [ Man Over Radio ] Interloper in Subsection 9 , Corridor 3A , sonic chamber : Good : I 'm sure Captain Rogers is getting an earful : Shall we join him ? [ Tone Continues ] [ Chirping ] Higher , Buck : [ Explosions ] [ Chirping ] Let 's move it , Buck ! We 've got a plane to catch : They 've escaped : Impossible : The sonic chamber has ... Has absolutely no effect on a drone , idiot ! Look : [ Chirping ] That 's why I let you go first , Buck : Must be some kind of energy field : [ Moans ] Solid as a rock : [ Chirping ] Now what , Buck ? Stella can deactivate that thing : All right , Twiki , you hide under that catwalk : Don 't move , and hold on to that blazium : I 'll be right back : Spread out : Search the bays : Dr : Huer , I don 't think we 're having the slightest effect on the spaceberg : I 'm afraid your analysis is correct , Colonel , as I feared it would be : The window is our only hope : Without it ... [ Beeps ] Stella , I need your help : [ People Chattering ] [ Chirping ] What 's keeping you , Buck ? I can 't do it : If Belzak finds out ... He won 't , not for a while at least : And by that time , we 'll be long gone : I told you , he has agents on Remus 2 : He 'll have Lucas killed : I know it : Remus 2 is under the Directorate 's jurisdiction : We 'll have Lucas brought to Earth where Belzak can 't reach him : It 's too late to start over : This is where I belong : Stella , give yourself a chance : Give Lucas a chance : I 'm sorry : I can 't : Stella , my planet is in danger of being very , very badly damaged , perhaps even destroyed : I 've got a chance of saving it : In order to do that , I 've gotta get out of here , but I can 't without your help : [ Takes Deep Breath , Exhales ] All right , Buck , I 'll deactivate the energy wall : [ Beeps ] Welcome , Captain : I see the lovely Stella has found you first : Very good work , my dear : Belzak , I ... She is very persuasive : Yes , well , all good things must come to an end , Captain : - Now , where 's your ambu-quad ? - I don 't know : I think I left him down in one of the tunnels : I 'm not sure : Such a transparently thin subterfuge , Captain : Never mind : We 'll find him : Take him away : - Hold it ! - Really , Captain : Don 't you ever know when to cease ? - Heads up , Buck ! - [ Grunts ] Come on ! Move ! Hold on , Rogers ! The ladies would like your attention just for a moment : Ladies : [ Chirping ] Buck ! Terribly sorry to end our relationship this way , Captain : Stella , don 't do this : Don 't let Belzak win : Save your breath , Captain : She hears no one but me : Stella , listen to me ! - Continue the mind meld : - [ Buck Straining ] - Stella : - I want Rogers in that acid : - [ Straining ] - Now ! [ Groaning ] Stella ! I can help you : Don 't listen to him : Your son will die without my help : If I die , your last chance to leave this place dies with me : L : : : Command you ! One move , and he dies : Come on , Buck : Let 's get outta here : You fools : ! The Earth is dying : ! Don 't you understand ? Stella , you 've condemned your son to death : [ Man Over P : A : ] Your approach to Toros cleared for landing : Dr : Huer , we 're registering a change in surface temperature : It 's reaching the outer layers of the atmosphere : It 's beginning to heat : I show a reading ... minus 243 degrees Celsius and rising : If it reaches 217 degrees , the entire mass will become completely unstable : Beyond that point , ignition of the oxygen is : : : Inevitable : Buck Rogers calling Earth Defense Directorate : [ Over Radio ] Repeat : Buck Rogers calling Earth Defense Directorate : Buck ! What 's happened ? How in galaxy did you ... I 'll fill you in later , Doc : What 's the status on the berg ? Well , we haven 't been able to alter its trajectory , and it is now approaching one minute and 23 seconds from entering the atmosphere : On the wrong trajectory : Wilma , Dr : Huer : - I think I have a way to get the berg back on trajectory : - I 'm listening : Blazium is fast-burning and extremely hot : If we plant the right amount in the right place and detonate it , then we 'll ... Shift it and let gravity take over : Ah ! It sounds reckless , Buck : Captain Rogers 's theory is sound , Doctor : But he has no apparatus on board to guarantee an accurate placement : I 'm just gonna have to eyeball it , Doc : Give me the coordinates : Very well : We have no choice : Doctor , we need volume , mass , distance from Earth , angular differential : Please , Doctor , I have anticipated the requisites : Those figures are now coming through on the C6000 : [ People Chattering ] Excellent : Buck , your angular differential is three degrees , four minutes and 22 seconds : Now we must reduce the berg 's mass by 4 : 0923 : How much blazium do you have aboard ? It 's a two-kilo brick : Doctor ? Reduce it by half : Reduce it by half , Buck : Roger : Now , from your angle of approach , Buck , you 're going to have to lay down the blazium on the following coordinates : M23 : 11 : [ Punching Keyboard ] And D 17 : 9 : [ Punching Keyboard ] - Got it : - And good luck : Wilma , clear everybody from the vicinity of that berg : I want you to hang up there at about 20,000 kilometers : As soon as I lay the blazium down , hit it with a full-power pulsar and get out of there : I understand , Buck , but what are you gonna do about the primary explosion ? I 'm gonna try to get out of there myself : I 'm getting a reading of minus 225 degrees , and we are within 22 seconds of the critical range : - You ready ? - Yeah , I think so : [ Chirping ] Play it as it lays , Buck : - I 'm on my way , Wilma : - Standing by : Pulsars ready : Here we go : Eight ball in the side pocket : [ Power Burst ] [ Buck ] It 's all yours , Wilma : Got it , Buck : Doctor Huer , what 's happening ? Doc ? By heavens , it 's working : It 's bringing this mass back into its proper trajectory : I record a satisfactory entrance through the atmospheric window , Doctor : You 've done it , Buck ! You 've done it ! [ Chattering ] I don 't know exactly how , but you 've done it , my friend : I don 't know how you do it either , but I 'm sure glad you do : [ Chuckling ] Terran ingenuity , I guess : [ Chirping ] And a little luck : [ Laughing ] Let 's head for home : Well , it 's official : Kurt Belzak has been overthrown by the miners on Toros : Oh , that 's wonderful : Yes : They 've exiled him to a planet in the Sixth Quadrant : You won 't have to worry about him for a long time to come : And we 've made contact with our people on Remus 2 : Lucas will be arriving on the next shuttle : I 'll never be able to thank you : Especially you , Buck : Mm : All of us owe Buck our thanks : Wait a minute : Let 's not forget about Twiki here : [ Chirping ] No big deal , Buck : No big deal ? You let yourself get kidnapped and almost got lost in space : Then you went A : W : O : L : And almost got yourself dissected by Belzak 's goons , not to mention nearly getting me burned to a crisp : [ Chirps ] Give me a break , Buck : Give you a break ? I 'll give you a break : Two weeks hard labor , bread and water : : : And a suspended sentence : [ Chuckles ] - Thanks for your help , buddy : - [ Chirping ] You 're worth it , Buck : - [ Chuckling ] - [ Chuckling ] I think :
