 I 'm not the person you think I am at all , Buck : [ Narrator ] Buck falls in love with Jennifer , a lovely piece from his 20th-century past : : : Only to find it a mask of death , which promises destruction in the 25th century : [ Explosion ] - You may keep that face if you like : - How did you find us ? She told us : The survival of Vega 5 rests with you : - I don 't want them to hurt you : - " Them " ? Just go : [ Man Narrating ] The year is 1987 , and NASA launches the last of America 's deep space probes : In a freak mishap , Ranger 3 and its pilot , Captain William " Buck ' " Rogers , are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life-support systems : : : And returns Buck Rogers to Earth : : : 500 years later : [ Chirping ] Let 's move it , Buck ! I 'm comin ' , I 'm comin ' : Listen , thanks for helping me with my shopping , guys : I think that 's about all the equipment I 'm gonna need : [ Chirping ] It 's about time : Yeah : [ Theo ] What exactly is a hot tub , Buck ? Well , you get inside , fill it up , and you soak for a while : - Oh : Why ? - Because it 's relaxing : Wouldn 't a sonic shower in zero gravity accomplish much the same thing ? Tell you what ... come back to my place , I 'll show you what it 's gonna look like : Then maybe ... - I don 't believe it : - Buck , is something wrong ? Jennifer ? [ Chirping ] Uh-oh : A pretty girl , and it 's off to the races : Jenny : ! Hey , it 's me , Buck : ! [ Chirping ] Buck : ! Wait up , Buck : ! Jennifer ? [ Theo ] Buck ? Are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine , Theo : I just thought I saw someone I knew : [ Switch Clicks ] [ Sighs ] I want to go to sleep : [ Sighs ] Hey , Buck : Buck : ! Come on , buddy : Wake up : Come on , shake a leg , Rip Van Winkle : Your lady 's gonna be here any minute : [ Groans ] What time is it , Toby ? It 's nearly 7 : 00 : Oh , wow : I gotta get a move on : [ Grunts ] Listen , we gotta report at 0400 hours , buddy : - So you better make the most of the rest of the evening : - I intend to : I 'm taking Jennifer to dinner at Raphael 's : Raphael 's ? Fancy : Mm-hmm : Nothing but the best for her : Yeah ? So how 'd she get stuck with you ? [ Feigning Laughter ] [ Knocking On Door ] Do you mind getting the door on your way out , Toby ? Oh : Okay : I 'm goin ' ! I 'm gone : Listen , uh , we 've gotta quit meeting like this : I mean , I think he 's the jealous type : [ Chuckling ] Good night , Toby : Good night , Buck : - Hello : - Hi : You know , you 're an amazing woman ? Oh , yeah ? Why is that ? Because every time I see you , I think you couldn 't get any more beautiful : And every time I see you , you do : Buck , I 'm gonna miss you so much : I 'm gonna miss you too : I brought you something : Oh , yeah ? A going-away present ? Well , sort of a " going-away " present and a " come-back-home-to-me-soon " present : Well , let me see what it is : [ Laughing ] [ Clears Throat ] Oh , wow ! It 's beautiful : Do you like it ? I thought maybe you could take it with you on your ship : I will : Thank you : I love you : I love you too : Jennifer , I promise you : After this mission , I 'm finished : I promise you : I 'll never leave you again : Never again : [ Buck 's Voice , Echoing ] Never again : Never again : Never again : Never again : Again , again , again , again : : : Again , again , again ... [ Groans ] [ Wilma ] That was some pretty fancy flying , Buck : I 'm sure those cadets learned a great deal : It was nothin 'special : Buck , are you all right ? You 've seemed : : : Kind of upset , all day : I 'm fine : Of course : You want to talk about it ? No : Wilma , I appreciate your concern , but I really don 't want to talk about it : Not now , anyway : This is Deering : Good work , cadets : Return to Directorate flight hangar : Captain Rogers and I returning to New Chicago via central spaceport : Deering out : [ Engines Rumbling ] [ Woman On P : A : ] Flight 723 , from Altair 3 , now arriving at Gate 14 : Orbital Shuttle 409 , for City-On-The-Sea , now boarding at Gate 23 : Oh , I have some business at the Spaceport Control : I won 't be long : All right , fine : I 'll wait for you in the lounge until you finish : Okay : [ Woman Continues Announcements On Intercom ] Again ? Excuse me : Excuse me : ! Pardon me ! Excuse me ! [ Woman On Intercom ] The last boarding call ... Miss ! Miss , please ! Wait ! I 'm sorry , sir : Flight 409 has just completed boarding : But there 's a woman on that flight I 've gotta see : I 'm sorry , sir : Another flight will be departing in 20 minutes : Yeah , but she 's on that flight , and I 've gotta see her ! I am sorry , sir : You are too late : [ Woman On P : A : ] Captain Christopher Pike , please report to the Veterans Affairs Office at once : [ Snaps Fingers ] Reservations desk : They 'd at least have her name : Miss , I need your help : I 'm looking for someone who just boarded Flight 409 : I 'm sorry , sir , but without the proper authorization , I 'm afraid I can 't release our passenger manifest to anyone : Look , this is important ! I 've got to find her ! I 'm sorry ! - Problem ? - Yes , I 'm looking for someone who just boarded Flight 409 : I have got to find her : It 's very important : Aren 't you Captain Rogers ? Yes , I am : I 'm very pleased to meet you , Captain : Um , give Captain Rogers any information he needs : Yes , sir : Thank you : Um , she 's about 28 , uh , blonde hair : : : Wearing a pink outfit with black boots : [ Beeping Rapidly ] Is this her ? - Yeah , that 's her : - Uh , name 's Leila Markeson : No address listed : She 's booked on Orbital Shuttle number 409 , bound for City-On-The-Sea : - City-On-The-Sea ? - An urban complex , located on the tip of what used to be called the Mississippi Delta : Oh , New Orleans ! She may have gone to the , uh , Festival of Masks : We have hundreds of people leaving every hour : " Festival of ... " ? Well , why not ? I 've never been to a 25th-century Mardi Gras before : Thank you very much : [ Clicks ] Nope : No , the computers don 't show an address for Leila Markeson in City-On-The-Sea : She must just be a visitor of the city : Well , that makes things a bit harder , but I 'm gonna find her : Buck , listen : Even if you do find her , what then ? Doc ... Jennifer meant a lot to me : And even if there 's only a one-in-a-million chance , I 've got to take it : You can understand that , can 't you ? Oh , I suppose : [ Sighs ] For a year after my wife died , I had dreams : Nightmares , actually : I 'd wake and : : : Expect to see her face : And then I 'd remember that she was gone : I suppose , were I in your shoes , I ... I 'd do exactly the same thing : - Good luck : - Thanks , Doc : [ Door Opens ] Buck , your shuttle is ready for takeoff : Thank you , Wilma : [ Chirping ] Good-bye , Buck : See ya , old buddy : Buck , I ... I hope you find what you 're looking for : You deserve it : Thanks , Wilma : [ Mechanical Clicking ] Progress report from Vega system , Commander : - Capsulize : - The Vega colony is within our grasp : We estimate their weaponry and supplies will be depleted : : : Within five solar days : Unless , of course , the Earth Defense Directorate : : : Succeeds in their mission of mercy : You would know better than I the possibilities of that situation : Also , the Terran woman just arrived from New Chicago : Send her in : [ Humming ] Commander Reev will see you now : Reev ? Everything went as planned : Buck Rogers should be on his way to City-On-The-Sea : Airspace Control , this is Captain Buck Rogers : Request permission to dock at central spaceport : Captain Rogers , this is City-On-The-Sea : You 're cleared for docking : Please decelerate to Mach 1 and prepare for approach : Roger : [ Rocket Decelerating ] Now , about my credit voucher : But of course : The first half of your payment has already been deposited , as you know : The second half shall be transferred upon delivery of Rogers to us : With his help , we 'll easily destroy the freighter the Terrans are sending to Vega : And as an added gratuity , you may keep that face , if you like : No , thank you : I prefer my own face : I 'll be ready for molecular surgery immediately , after I complete this job : As you wish : Now then , allowing for a half-hour journey from New Chicago : : : Fifteen minutes to disembark , ten minutes to register for lodgings ... I 'd say that Rogers will begin his search for his " lost love " : : : At precisely 1500 hours : Let him search for an hour or two : Long enough for him to become tired : Discouraged : He 'll be at his most vulnerable then : That is the moment you must appear : You think of everything , don 't you , Reev ? I can 't afford not to : Well , you 'll have your man : And I 'd better have my money : Despite her behavior , your Leila 's weak and soft : That could prove a danger : I have already taken that into account , Nola : There are ways to make that : : : Softness : : : Work to our advantage : The Koven are a warrior race in the Kadar system : We have recently learned of their plans to move against Vega 5 : Since Vega 5 is an independent colony , we cannot send in fighter squadrons to help them fight the Koven : We can send them emergency equipment , supplies and weapons : And you five and Colonel Deering will transport those supplies : : : In an M-class starfreighter which we 've secured for this mission : - Colonel Deering ? - Lieutenant Rekoff ? M-class freighters were abandoned years ago : Why are we using such an old model ? This is a clandestine operation , Lieutenant : We 've tried to keep every detail secret from the Koven operatives : Don 't worry : We 've replaced the freighter 's old-fashioned ion engines : : : With a new tachyon drive , capable of tremendous speeds : Thank you , Colonel : Now : The ship is in Earth orbit : Colonel Deering and you will constitute the bridge crew : All other functions aboard the ship will be handled by maintenance androids : The survival of Vega 5 rests with you : : : And the supplies you 'll be carrying : - Good luck : - [ Sighs ] Dismissed : [ Door Opens ] [ Door Closes ] [ Dixieland ] Masks ! Robes ! Enchantments ! Festival tonight ! No festivities without a mask , a robe , a pair of gloves ! Ah , you : ! What is your fancy ? What kind of woman hides inside of you ? Is it an angel , a peasant , a queen ? Well , take a mask and live your dreams : ! Well ! And what about you , sir ? A mask ? A robe ? No , no ! An enchantment ! No , thank you : I 'm not here for the festival : No ? Then why are you here ? I 'm looking for someone ... something that meant a lot to me : " Meant " ? But that 's in the past : Yesterday is gone : We have to live for today : You know , you may be right : What are you , anyway ? A peddler or a psychologist ? [ Laughing ] Neither , actually : You see ... Forgive me : They call me Silby : At your service : Buck Rogers : Pleased to meet you , Buck : No , I just , uh : : : Do this to make a living : But in real life , I 'm a magician : That 's funny : I didn 't even think magic existed anymore : But of course it does : And will : For as long as we believe in the impossible : Sometimes that 's very difficult to do : Yes : Yes : Well , it takes extraordinary people nowadays : Watch closely : Don 't move : Watch this : Nothing here : : : Nothing there : : : But in the twinkling of an eye ... a bowl of fruit : [ Crowd Laughing , Applauding ] Not even close : Well , a mistake : A mistake : Never mind , sir : Never mind : Now , watch closely : Watch closely : Nothing : Nothing in my robes , yes ? Nothing in my hands ? But in the merest flash of a second : : : You will see an Antarean nightbird ! [ Crowd Laughing ] [ Dixieland ] Miss ! Leila ! Leila Markeson : Yes ? Can I help you ? You 're the man in the spaceport in New Chicago : Even the voice is the same : [ Chuckling ] Excuse me ? I 'm sorry : My name is Buck Rogers : And despite appearances , I 'm not really crazy : L ... Oh , I didn 't think you were crazy : Just a little strange , maybe : It 's just that you remind me of someone I knew , a long , long time ago : Did you come all the way down here just to tell me that ? No , no : Of course not : It 's just that this person : : : Meant an awful lot to me , and when I saw you at a distance , I ... Okay : Can we go someplace and talk ? [ Chuckling ] Maybe I can help clear this up : [ Dixieland Ends ] All right : - Um , I think there 's a little café nearby : - Okay : Alpha Team , get the field generator to Shuttle 12 : And stow it in hull section " C " : And hurry : We only have nine hours : [ Chirping ] - Hiya , good-lookin ' : - [ Chuckles ] - How 's it coming along , Colonel ? - Fine , Dr : Huer : We should have the shuttle loaded by 1300 hours : And then one hour to the freighter , two more hours to get everything transferred : : : For the trip to Vega 5 ... Looks like we 'll depart right on schedule : Good : So far , there are no indications the Koven is aware of this operation : Well , let 's hope it stays that way : Any word from the Vega system ? No : Our last communication with the colony was two hours ago : I 'm afraid the Koven is jamming all subspace transmissions out of the system : Well then , we 'll have to step up the operation : Exactly my idea , Colonel : [ Chirping ] See ya later , Wilma : YourJennifer sounds like she was a very lovely woman : And very lucky : Wait a minute : I was the lucky one : Oh , no : So was she : To have someone like you to love her : As much as you obviously did : I 'm sorry : I keep staring : Can 't seem to stop it : I don 't mind : [ Chuckles ] I like the way you look at me : Very much : I just wish you were really looking at me : - And notJennifer : - Leila ... I know you 're notJennifer : Yeah , physically , you do look like her , but : : : There 's something different about you : I don 't know if it 's your smile , or your eyes , or ... Or something : Look , Buck , I have to ... I 'd just like the chance to get to know that part of you : I 'd like that too , very much : But you don 't know what you 're getting into : - And what 's that ? - I 'm not the person you think I am at all , Buck : - You don 't know anything about me : - That 's what I 'm talking about : - I 'd like to get to know more about you : - No , you don 't know what you 're talking about : Look , just go home : Forget about me : Please : Go home : - Leila , I don 't understand : - Leave ! I don 't want them to hurt you : - " Them " ? - Just go : Hello , Captain Rogers : Good work , Leila : Captain Rogers : You will come quietly with us , and nobody will get hurt : [ Grunting ] Come on : After them and find Reev ! That should do it : As soon as you take the shuttle back to Earth , we 'll be able to leave orbit : Good : We 'll be able to track you to stargate : After that , we 'll have to maintain subspace silence : I understand : Lieutenant Rekoff estimates that we will reach the Vegan system : : : 6 : 3 hours after we leave stargate : Excellent : Well : Then I won 't keep you : Good luck : Convey my thanks to your crew : Dr : Huer : - Have you heard from Buck ? - No , I haven 't : I imagine he 's still in City-On-The-Sea , chasing his dream : - Do you think he 'll really find it ? - I hope so : It would be nice to think that one could still recapture one 's lost dreams : Wouldn 't it ? [ Sighs ] In here : Now ... Look , don 't start in on me , Buck : I didn 't know you : I didn 't know anything about you , and I didn 't care : How could you do something like this ? To anyone ! For money : I was poor , and I was sick of being poor : I was all alone , and I was scared : [ Scoffs ] And my precious ethics were getting me nowhere : For the first time in my life , I wanted to think of myself first : There was no way I could have known it was gonna be the wrong time : What 's your connection with these aliens ? They hired me : I was supposed to help them capture you : I don 't know why : They didn 't tell me all the details : I think they ... They want you to destroy something : A starfreighter , I think : How , uh ... How did they find out aboutJennifer ? When you were off-planet , they got into your apartment : And they saw her photograph : And they set about : : : Creating a new Jennifer : " Creating " ? - I don 't believe it : - Molecular surgery : It 's fast , it 's very efficient , and it 's reversible : Oh , Buck : I had to do it : Oh , Buck , I didn 't know any of this was going to happen : How could I have known how you 'd feel ? [ Softly ] Or how I 'd feel ? [ Whispers ] It 's all right : Leila : Everything up to now is in the past : Let 's forget about it : It 's not too late : Now , you wait right here : I 'm gonna find the communications center and contact New Chicago : They 'll have a shuttle here for us in less than an hour : No , Buck : Don 't : No , you can 't do that : That 's exactly what they expect you to do : I know them : They 've anticipated every move you can make : And they 've got traps set for you everywhere : [ Reev ] I wouldn 't try anything if I were you , Captain Rogers : Something might happen to your friend : - How did you find us ? - She told us : During her surgery , we had a small transponder inserted beneath her skin tissues : We 've known exactly where she 's been : : : Ever since she decided to renege on our agreement : Stargate in 20 seconds , Colonel : Excellent : Punch in our destination , Lieutenant : Coordinates on the board : Entering stargate : [ Exploding ] Vega 5 now 6 : 3 hours away , Colonel : Very good , Lieutenant : Maintain subspace silence from this point on : You are to respond to no one and to no signal : I 'll be in the cargo hold if you need me : You have comm : Captain Rogers , let 's be reasonable : The conflict on Vega 5 is a minor one : A petty squabble that will quickly die if left alone : But , if the Federation freighter reaches the colony with those weapons , this could escalate into something monstrous : I 'm sure the Federation knows what it 's doing : Apparently not : Their intelligence network was infiltrated by nationalists in the colony : The Federation is responding to totally inaccurate information : Why didn 't you go directly to the Federation with this ? Unfortunately , the Federation is suspicious of anything we do : Most probably due to the same intelligence contamination : - As a result , we need you : - To do what ? Our ships cannot intercept and destroy that freighter : : : Without inviting a war with the Federation : We do not wish that : But you could intercept and destroy the freighter : : : Before it reaches the colony : And why should I do anything for you , Reev ? Two reasons : One , you would be doing a great service : : : For the Federation , and for all the innocent people on Vega 5 : Secondly , if you do not help us , and them ... you and Leila Markeson will die : That 's not true , Buck : Don 't believe him : He 's planning to put me in a state of cellular suspension : It 's been his plan all along : The plan we told you about , Leila : Not the exact plan : Captain Rogers , I am totally serious about this : I am willing to do whatever is necessary to help those people : Use your head , Captain : There is nothing on that freighter but androids : You would be harming no one and saving countless lives : I can 't do it , Reev : Not for you : Not for anyone : Then for Leila : [ Whimpering ] Buck ? Okay , Reev : I 'll do it : I don 't like it , but I 'll do it : Thank you , Captain Rogers : I can assure you : This is the right decision : Nola will be accompanying you : We 'll be monitoring that sector with our long-range sensors : And we will know if the freighter is : : : Or is not destroyed : You have 12 hours to do so , and return here to Earth , before Leila is put to death : Fortunate for us you care so much for the Terran woman : [ Engines Whining ] Although I can hardly see why : She 's so weak : Soft : You deserve someone much : : : Smarter : Stronger : I 'm sure you have someone in mind : Perhaps : Thanks for the thought : But I 'm not your type : [ Low Humming , Increasing In Intensity ] [ Rockets Firing ] Stargate coming up in 20 minutes : We should rendezvous with that freighter about five minutes after that : How do you plan on slipping past their defense shields ? Oh , I thought I 'd just wing it : - What ? - Trust me : Not on your life : [ Chirping ] Hiya , Dr : Huer : Hello , Twiki : I don 't believe I ordered any dinner : [ Theo ] Twiki thought you might need some nourishment , Doctor : [ Chirping ] Try it : You 'll like it : What 's the latest update on Vega 5 , Doctor ? Not good , I 'm afraid : Koven warships have breached the colony 's outer defense perimeter : They should be within striking range in ten hours : Well , at least it gives a four-hour margin of safety to Colonel Deering : You 'll be monitoring the subspace channels all night , I expect ? Of course : [ Chirping ] Okay , Doc : Eat your soup : What are you doing ? Take a look out the starboard viewport : I 'm sending out a code blue distress signal : All Directorate ships are obliged to respond : With any luck , the androids on board that freighter will tractor beam us right into their hangar bay : - And if they don 't ? - If they don 't ? I 'll try and punch a hole in the middle of their force shield : We go in anyway : Do not try anything foolish , Captain Rogers : Like sabotaging your attack : If we do not get home , Leila Markeson dies : Don 't worry , lady : Slamming my ship into a force shield is not exactly my idea of a good plan : [ Rekoff ] I 'm receiving a code blue distress signal from a shuttle : : : Two thousand kilometers astern : Our orders are to proceed directly to Vega 5 : I understand that , Colonel : But this is a code blue signal : Yes : That shuttle wouldn 't be issuing it unless they were in some kind of serious trouble : [ Inhales , Exhales ] - Can you raise the shuttle on subspace ? - [ Buttons Clicking ] Negative : They 're not receiving : Their P : C : Units could be down : Mm-hmm : Tractor beam : Send two androids to the cargo hold : Keep them there until we find out who they are and what the trouble is : Yes , Colonel : [ Electronic Whistling ] Here we go : Halt : Please remain in the cargo area : : : Until proper identification can be verified : Certainly : We have our identification right here : - You know where the engine room is ? - Ive got a pretty good idea : Look : We 're bound to run into a lot of resistance : Don 't you think I ought to have a gun ? I don 't think that 's a wise idea , Captain Rogers : Why not ? I told you I 'd help you destroy this thing : Which is exactly what you 're going to do : Proceed : - Buck ! What 's ... - Wilma , what are you doing here ? Enough talking : Drop the gun : - What 's going on ? - Just do as she says , Wilma : - We don 't have time to talk : - You 're with : : : Her ? Just drop the gun , Wilma : And get out of the way : I 'll do that : Wilma , what are you doing here ? It 's only supposed to be androids on board : We were escorting the freighter to Vega 5 , to help the colonists fight the Koven : What are you doing here with a Koven warrior ? - The woman I was following ? - Leila : Yeah : The Koven used her to get me to agree to come on board and try to blow up this freighter : - Nola and I were here for just that reason : - I don 't understand : You wouldn 't do that : No , of course not : But they 've got Leila : And they 're gonna kill her unless I can make them think that I 've blown it up : - What did you have in mind ? - They 're scanning this quadrant with long-range sensors : - Mm-hmm : To monitor the explosions : - Exactly : But at this distance , it 's almost impossible for them to distinguish between : : : A freighter explosion and an asteroid explosion : - You 're probably right : - You got any bombs on board ? We have a contra-terrene warhead we were delivering to the colonists : - Uh , that 's in Hangar " B " : - That 's perfect : Let 's get on down there : We 've only got nine hours before they " deal " with Leila : Wilma ? How are you coming with that warhead ? [ Keys Clicking ] It 's in launch position now : We 'll eject it as soon as you 're out of range : Good : As soon as it blows , put that freighter into overdrive : The Koven are unaware of the new tachyon engines : The warhead explosion will cover your escape : Yes , and by the time their sensors clear , we 'll be far enough away that they won 't even recognize us : Right : Good luck , Buck : Thank you , Wilma : Good luck to you : See you back on Earth : Rogers out : Captain Rogers has just entered the stargate : If everything goes as planned , the freighter should explode within 23 seconds : - [ Explosion ] - Exactly ! On schedule : Captain Rogers will be returning here within 30 minutes : And then , what will you do ? Absolutely nothing : You see , Rogers would never admit he deliberately sabotaged a Directorate mission : And , as for you , well I think your payment will ensure : : : Your continuing loyalty : If Buck will have me , then I 'm going with him : I 'm afraid I can 't allow that to happen : Well , you can 't stop me from leaving : Oh , I won 't have to stop you : You 'll gladly stay : - Why ? - You have forgotten your transponder , Leila : It cannot be removed : If you were to leave with Buck Rogers : : : I would find you and kill you both : [ Explosion ] Buck ! Don 't try it ! The explosion in space : It was a counterfeit : - That 's very astute : - I anticipated as much : There was a 33 % chance that you would not go through with the plan : I was counting on Nola to even up those odds : Nola 's in a brig , on her way to Vega 5 : Sorry to disappoint you : Leila , come on : Let 's get out of here : - I can 't go with you , Buck : - Why not ? It 's too late : Too much has already happened , and I don 't think we could ever change that : And I 'm just an image of somebody you lost a long , long time ago : - Leila , I know you 're notJennifer : - No , please : Just go : I 've already done too much , and I don 't think I can ever turn back : Just go : Forget about me : [ Reev ] Any disturbance in the immediate area triggers off an alarm , as you can see : Reev ! You told me he could live ! Under different circumstances , yes : But not now : No ! [ Gasping ] Leila ? [ Gasps ] Leila ? [ Sobbing ] I 'm sorry : Shh : I 'm so sorry I disappointed you : You didn 't disappoint me : [ Gasping ] All I ever wanted to do was : : : Just to be like yourJennifer : Leila : Do you think : : : Maybe I was like her just a little bit ? Yeah : Then I guess I didn 't do : : : Everything wrong , did I ? [ Gasps ] Buck ? [ Exhales ] Dr : Huer , the spaceport just called , and Buck has just returned from the Antares system : Excellent ! Do you suppose these last few weeks of rest have done him any good ? I don 't know : The last time I talked to him , three weeks ago , from the City-On-The-Sea , he sounded absolutely numb : Yes : Well , I know the feeling : [ Beeping ] Ah : That must be him : Well , welcome home , Buck : Thank you , Doctor : [ Sighing ] Good to have you home : Thank you , Wilma : Well , I wouldn 't want to live through the last three weeks : : : For anything in the universe , but uh , at least it gave me some time to think : I learned something : I can 't go back : It 's impossible to pick up the past and try to relive it : All I can do is try to make the best of what I 've got here : [ Chirping ] Welcome home , Buck : - Thanks , Twiki : - Speaking of homecomings : We have a little gift here , to celebrate yours : Dr : Junius found it in the archives : It 's an old entertainment clip from the 20th century : I believe you called them " movies : " Thank you , Doc : I think it 's a nature documentary of some kind : - A nature documentary ? - Yes , apparently : : : It deals with aquatic life-forms ... although the title indicates anatomy : I think it 's called Mouth or Mandibles or something like that : - Jaws ? - Yes ! Jaws : ! That 's it exactly ! [ Chirping ] Just when you thought it was safe in the 25th century : [ Laughing ]
