 ? and I work for the Federal government . I deal in worst-case scenarios , the unthinkable . On September 16 , 2005 , the unthinkable happened . An extraterrestrial object appeared off the bow of a naval freighter . The entire crew was exposed to a high-frequency signal . Some died instantly . Others began to change . They are now stronger , more resilient . They dream of alien landscapes , and they are driven by the impulse to infect others . Several of the crewman are now loose in the United States . They will strike anytime , anyplace , anyone . Their goal : to turn us into them . But ... I have a plan to stop them . That plan is called " Threshold . " MAN : Okay , guys , lights out . Lights out , guys . Go to bed , Harry . Richard ? Richard ? Security , we 've got a runner , South Wing . It 's Tate . Security , come back . He 's headed your way . Another nugget from the data mine : Intercepted a police report outside of Cleveland , Ohio . Thanks . Escaped mental patient . Cranked a guard 's head around , pulled apart an orderly , and then tore through an electrified fence . If these ETs are trying to hijack our planet by turning us into them , why in the hell pick a guy in a loony bin ? And how could he have been exposed to the bio-forming signal ? Another UFO ? Maybe there 's less here than meets the eye . This one is not for us . We should definitely check this out . Caffrey , you wrote the Threshold protocols . You need to be here to implement them . You don 't have time to chase down every yeti , crop circle or psycho that comes across our desk . I understand ... Send Cavennaugh ! If there 's something worth investigating , he 'll let you know . He won 't have to . This is a crime scene photo of the escapee 's room . Is this what I think it is ? Paintings of the glass forest , just like the dream I had . Enjoy the Buckeye state . OFFICER : You can understand my being curious . Why do people in Washington care about some nutcake ? FENWAY : You been in Washington ? CAVENNAUGH : We 're going to need all the information you 've got on the escapee . Richard Tate . He 's kind of a local legend . Back in ' 79 , he set his house on fire . He was only 13 years old . Burned his family alive . ( man screams ) Found not guilty by reason of insanity . Surprise , surprise . Committed to Bridgeview , where he 's apparently been living quietly until tonight . Do you have a BOLO on him ? Went out this morning . His picture 's plastered all over the state . He 'll probably come back when he hears what happened to rock and roll . This his room ? Mm-hmm . Nothing 's been touched . Look familiar ? Yeah . According to Tate 's profile , he 's a paranoid schizophrenic . Was he outwardly violent ? No . But you have to remember that by the time I came here , he 'd been on a regimen of valproates for years . I mean , he might as well have been furniture . In ' 96 , we started him on olanzapine- - less harsh and , in Tate 's case , just as effective . Until about a week ago , we had him down to five milligrams a day . What happened a week ago ? We had to up the dosage . He was having nightmares , waking up , screaming , that kind of thing . He had delusions that there are aliens among us- - not atypical for these kinds of illnesses . You see , extraterrestrials often represent our darker selves . When the mind can 't accept its own nature , it creates ghosts or aliens or some other handy bogeyman . Did he describe his dreams to you ? They 're up on the walls . What you are looking at is the landscape of a different world : the mind of a paranoid schizophrenic . Note the glass trees , indicating a fragile sense of self ... Thank you for your time , Dr. Urbassik . Anything else you need , just let me know . CAVENNAUGH : All right . You bet . All right , let 's make sure he doesn 't have any paintings in his possession or photos or video . Last thing we need is that genius writing a book about his star patient . I have men at his house right now . Is there a civil right you haven 't violated ? Subsection Alpha-14 of your protocol : " Evidence of alien incursion , " no matter how indirect , must be obtained by any means necessary . " I see you read the classics . So , what do you got ? Well , we got years worth of journal entries , stories , poetry ... There 's random lists , doodles ... None of it seems to make much sense . I had a professor once who said " It 's impossible to write anything without telling the reader about yourself . " Let 's get Ramsey here . Maybe he can sort through this . ( flipping pages ) Might give us an idea where Richard Tate went . CAVENNAUGH : It looks like we got a new guy in our forest . Is that what it looks like in your dreams ? Yeah . You ? Like he took a picture . In order to get out , Tate had to withstand a 9,000-volt pulse . Impressive . It gets even more impressive . The way these fences are designed , if the pulse doesn 't work , both the current and the voltage are automatically increased to a lethal level . How high ? Did you ever touch the end of a nine-volt battery with the tip of your tongue ? Yeah . No . Well , we 're looking for a guy who could suck on a car battery all day and not feel it . Our stun weapons aren 't going to be enough . Call Lucas- - tell him to boost the amperage and get a new set of hardware out here as soon as possible . Is that a piece of fence missing ? Apparently , Tate 's not indestructible . He cut himself on the way out- - left us some skin cells and blood . I snipped around the sample to protect it . Good . Anything on the victims ? Nothing yet . Everything 's packed up and ready to go back to Threshold for analysis . I also want to get blood samples of everybody at the hospital . No one else is showing any signs . Until we know how Tate got infected , we cover every contingency . Oh , Mr. Baylock . Lucas , there 's a good chance we 're going to be working together for quite a while . I think you can call me " J.T. " Yes , sir . What 's on your mind ? Uh , weapons . Dr. Caffrey wants me to juice up the amps in our stun-shells . Why ? Something about that infected mental patient breaking through an electrified fence . They 're worried they 'll need more stopping power . So , could you just sign off on a few things for me ? 300-amp laser-diodes ... uranium ... ? You building a bomb in there , son ? Look , I don 't have a lot of time , okay ? They wanted these weapons , like , five minutes ago . Ramsey 's not here to help me with the math . So if you could just approve this stuff , I would greatly appreciate it , okay ? Just try not to blow up the building . Yes , sir . Mr. Miller ? I 'm Molly Caffrey . I 'd like to ask you a few questions about Richard Tate . And I 'd like somebody to play with . Well , I guess we 're both out of luck . Oh , oh ... Oh , good ! Yeah ... Oh ... What would you like to ask me ? You were a friend of his , right ? Oh , yeah , I was a ... I 'd known him for , um ... two years . C-1 . Miss . Did he ever talk about what he 'd do if he got out ? B-6 . Miss . Richard ... Richard was never gonna get out of here . Did he ever talk about killing his family ? Well , once he said that he burned them alive and he could hear them screaming . And then , once , he said they were already dead when he set the fire . Uh , D-7 . Miss . Did he ever talk about nightmares ? Uh , G-10 . Hit . We all have nightmares . That 's not an answer . Couple of days ago , Richard warned me that aliens were coming and that we were all going to change . Did he say how ? No . He just said that it was gonna be soon and that he had some unfinished business to take care of . A-2 ? Miss . Uh ... Mr. Miller , this is very important . Do you know where Richard Tate is ? No , I don 't . But , just between you and me , I 've been having some pretty weird alien dreams myself . When did they start ? Just about the same time as Richard 's . I mean , it 's like I 'm turning into an alien . I can 't fight it . I start getting the big bug eyes and the antennas . You know , maybe you could talk to the doctors . Maybe they could give me some more meds like they gave Richard . I think we 're done here . But you 're going to talk to the doctor ? I don 't think so . But thanks for your time . All right . Hey , good news for a change . None of the other patients tested positive for genetic mutations . Then it 's only Tate . Mm . Still no sign of him ? Not yet . I 've got agents searching the town , local police- - of course , they have no idea what they 're dealing with . I don 't get it . How could one random psychopath locked in a cell become infected in the first place ? Because it wasn 't random . There has to be a reason why it happened to this particular person . But there 's no evidence the alien signal was ever here . Yeah , but he 's having the dreams . How ? That UFO was hundreds of miles away over the Atlantic Ocean . You 're saying there 's some kind of connection ? Maybe . Maybe he was exposed indirectly , like Cadet Janklow was . Maybe some people are more receptive to the signal . What , like human antennae ? Why not ? What if some people can pick up the signal from far away ? So there 's a guy in China sitting in his pagoda , drawing the glass forest . I don 't think so . Lucas said the signal only has a radius of 3,000 meters . It 's basic science . Basic science is out the window , in case you haven 't noticed . How many times have you read Tate 's file ? ( sighing ) : I don 't know , like , 50 , and I can 't find anything . Let me see it- - maybe it needs a fresh pair of eyes . I hope yours work better than mine . Okay , Mr. Tate ... talk to me . Who is it ? Oh , hi , uh ... sorry to bother you , but is this your dog ? Because it was running around outside , the gate was open ... Oh , thanks so much . I didn 't know he got loose . Shut up , shut up , shut up ... Shut up ... Shut up . Shut up . Shut up . Don 't scream . Don 't scream ! Does it have the date ? Does it say we 're getting married ? Does it say " You 're invited " ? Okay , then why would I care what font we use ? It 's a wedding invitation , right ? Okay , look , just e-mail me your top five . I 'll try to glance at them tonight . Honey , I 'm not snapping . I just ... I 'm really swamped right now . I know . I want it to be perfect , too . Uh , look , I got to go . I 'll call you later . Hey ... how 's it going ? I 've boosted the power of the stun weapons and I 've added a variable control to the amperage , so our guys will have a choice in the field . I 'll be done in about an hour . I 'm not talking about the weapons . Oh . It 's great . ( clears throat ) It 's just great . Plucked out of existence , eight days with barely any sleep ... I can 't even tell my fianc \ e what I 'm doing here , when I might be back . " Well , you see , Pumpkin , uh , an extraterrestrial probe " landed in the ocean and it sent out this weird-ass signal " that mutates your DNA and turns you into an alien , see ? " And it infected a bunch of people on the ship , " and now they 're running loose in the general population . " And , oh , by the way , I might be infected as well . How was your day ? " I 'm ... I 'm done ranting now , thanks . This fianc \ e of yours , uh ... Rachel . Rachel . She 's a pediatrician , right ? Clinical research or something ? Yeah . Now , I might be able to pull some strings , get her a posting over at the National Institute of Health in Bethesda . You 're kidding me . Given what we 're up against , you may be here for a long time . ( sighs ) Thank you . Well , thank Dr. Caffrey , they 're her protocols . Now ... get these weapons out in the field . Right . Yeah ? Anything ? Quite a bit , actually . I just don 't know what it all means . More artwork ? I think it 's Tate 's version of an identicon . The image of the farmhouse keeps reappearing in conjunction with anything having to do with the murders . Probably the farm where it happened . He must be haunted by the memories . What about these words ? " Cat , brother , oak tree , door ... " Well , could be random words , or it could be a code based on a system of personal mnemonics . See how some of the words are repeated ? Right . Well , can you crack it ? Might give us a clue where he went . Eventually , but I 've got a lot of reading to do . All right , well , start chipping away . I 've got not one , but two surprises for you . This isn 't Tate 's blood . What ? I checked his hospital records . Tate 's blood type is AB-negative . This is O-positive . Surprise number two ? I compared the sample against the one we found on the fence . It 's the same . And it 's mutated- - triple helix . We have another infectee on our hands . So Tate didn 't break out alone . More likely , someone else who was infected broke him out . Check the infected sample against the Big Horn crew manifest . What would one of the crew members be doing here with Tate ? I have a feeling that 'll be our third surprise . FENWAY : Whoever broke Tate out cut himself pretty badly . We should be looking for someone with an injury . I need a shovel . Do you have a shovel ? Do you have a pick or an ax or anything ? Okay , I know that you 're not going to scream while I 'm gone . And I know that you 're not gonna try and run away , right ? I 've got the DNA sequence on the blood drop you found . FENWAY ( over phone ) : Okay , now , I want you to bring up the Big Horn crew manifest and go into the DNA profiles for the missing crewmen . Stand by . How 'd we get DNA samples from people we can 't find ? Do I ask you how to shoot people ? It 's one of the first things we did . We sent med techs to the crewmen 's homes and collected , uh , hair follicles , dandruff , toothbrushes ... I 've got the profiles , Dr. Fenway . Right . ( phone rings ) Cavennaugh . What do you got ? Separate the ACTG string with the new sample . Cross-check it against the profiles . See if we come up with a winner . It 's Lieutenant Novak . Raymond Novak . Well , we better let our search teams know they 're looking for both Tate and Novak . BAYLOCK : Anybody want to hazard a guess as to why he was so keen to get inside a mental ward in the middle of Nowhere , Ohio ? They got to be working together somehow . BAYLOCK : We 'll run a background cck on Novak and Tate , see if there 's any connection in their past . Why don 't we just ask Tate ? The BOLO panned out . He 's been spotted about five miles from here , at a construction site . AGENT : Richard Tate ! Stop right there ! Freeze ! Go ! Go ! Mr. Tate , come on out . We know you 're here . I got him . This way . This area 's secure , right ? Yes , sir . Perimeter is secure . He 's here . Find him . You have two options , Mr. Tate You can climb on down , hassle-free , or we can go up there and drag you down , and trust me , you won 't enjoy that . I 'm not going back ! Climb on down ! Now ! Nice and slow . There you go . You don 't understand . I understand , trust me . Now climb down . Tate , stop ! No ! No ! No ! Please ! What do you got ? 600 pages , and here 's what I know about our man Tate . His favorite dish is creamy tuna surprise , which they serve each and every Thursday . Couldn 't have been much of a surprise . In fact , he 's catalogued every meal he 's had for the past 15 years . His vast canon of poetry has an annoying reliance on approximate rhyme . And before he started painting glass trees , he was obsessed with his old farmhouse . Drew hundreds of pictures of them . You ever break that mnemonic code ? I think each word represents a number . I 've got most of it figured out . It could be a set of coordinates . Longitude and latitude , maybe . Coordinates to where , his old house ? Well , whatever it is , he went through a lot of trouble to encrypt it . Send what you got to Lucas . Maybe he can help fill in the blanks . Back to your cell . Those restraints going to be enough to hold him ? He shouldn 't be a problem . This man hasn 't been infected . Are you sure ? Mm . He has elevated theta-waves , which means he was exposed to the alien signal at some point , but not enough to mutate his DNA . Mr. Tate , my name is Molly Caffrey . I need to talk to you . Do you know a man named Raymond Novak ? Does he look familiar to you ? How do you know him , Richard ? We 're trying to find him , but we can 't do that without your help . He came for me last night . Grabbed me out of my room . A guard tried to help me , but ... Go on . While he was attacking the guard , I ... I got away , I ran out , I found a hole in the fence . I ran down a ravine , I followed a creek , and I hid in the woods . He 's gonna try and find me again . Why did he come for you ? Because of what I know . And what is it that you know , Richard ? Can you give us a minute ? All right , we 'll be just outside . I understand why you have trouble trusting people . No one wants to believe you , right ? People can be pretty closed-minded . But I want to hear what you have to say . Tell me about your paintings . Glass trees . You saw those in your dreams , didn 't you ? How do you know about the dreams ? Because I 've had them , too . I 've had the same nightmares . In the forest . You 're not alone . There 's a figure there . Someone you can 't quite make out . But he 's watching you . How would I know that if I wasn 't telling you the truth ? I know about the aliens , Richard , and I want to stop them , too . Now , explain why this man broke into the hospital to get you . What did he want ? You have no idea what you 're dealing with . The nightmares are only the beginning . That 's how it starts . And then , there are headaches . And then , people change . And then , they try and kill you . Hodo you know ? Have you seen this happen , Richard ? Richard ? ( Tate sobbing ) Richard ? ( sobbing ) You have to let me go . You have to let me go . ( screams ) : Please , let me go ! Let me go ! Shh , shh , shh , shh ... It 's okay . It 's okay . Please ! Let me go ! Please ! Please ! CAVENNAUGH : It 's okay . It 's okay . Mind if I ask what you 're looking for ? Federal matter . I remember the night this happened . Everybody knew the Tates . Nice family . Shame that lunatic had to torch them . We can take it from here , thank you . Have fun . Let 's get copies to Ramsey , bring him up to speed . All right . YOUNG TATE ( on tape ) : My dad went into the basement , so I locked him down there . I could hear him banging on the door , saying he was gonna kill me . I went out to the garage and got a gas can- - the five-gallon one . I even poured it on my mom and brother . MAN : And they didn 't try to stop you ? TATE : I told you . They were already dead . But I had to be sure . I grabbed some matches off the kitchen stove . And ? I told you what happened . I 've told you a million times . I 'd like to believe you , son , but frankly , you 're not making a lot of sense . Why would your dad kill your brother ? And why would your mother kill herself ? I don 't know . They changed . You know what I think ? I think you were really mad at your family . No ! I think you were so mad , you lost control . You didn 't know what you were doing . They weren 't my family anymore ! Right , right . The , uh , headaches and the nosebleeds and the ... and the - the strange dreams ... My mom 's face started to change . My dad stabbed Andy with a butcher knife ! We 'd like to confirm that , son , but you didn 't leave us a lot to examine . I 'm telling you the truth . So , everyone in your family , except you , went nuts and started killing each other . How do you explain that ? I ... I can 't . Sound familiar ? Same story we heard from Gunneson about the Big Horn crew . People getting sick , dreams , killing each other , themselves . Yeah , but this happened 26 years ago . The aliens were here before . I assume you got some sort of clearance for this . Assume whatever you want . Which one is this ? This 'll be the mother . Mutations . FENWAY : Poor woman . Excuse me . How in the hell could the police not notice this in 1979 ? FENWAY : Well , the mutations obviously continued postmortem . See where the jawbone migrated into the upper mandible ? The bone underneath is white . This ... this happened after the fire . And , if I 'm not mistaken , Mrs. Tate has some new teeth . Six ... incisors , to be exact . We 're gonna need all three bodies shipped back to Threshold . You all right ? 26 years diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic , locked away , pumped full of meds , Why are you doing this ? What do you want ? What are you doing ? No ! Please , don 't hurt me ! Just tell me what you want ! Speak again , and I 'll kill you . I know you 're not delusional , Richard , and I know that something terrible happened to your family and you were only trying to protect yourself ... but I need you to tell me what happened when you were 13 and what Novak wants from you now . When I was 13 , my-my family got very sick- - the nightmares and the headaches . But before that ... What happened before that ? Did your family see anything unusual- - uh , an object in the sky or ... ? Not in the sky . It was buried . Buried where ? In our backyard . M-M-My dad and I were digging a well , and , um ... there was a piece of metal down there- - an object ... Wh-What kind of object ? Describe it to me . It was copper-colored . It was about the size of a football . It wasn 't made of copper because it wasn 't heavy enough . And it-it looked real old and ... it ... it kept changing . Changing ? Changing shape . We couldn 't figure out what it was . And my dad was going to take it to my uncle 's machine shop to try and make sense of it . And-And we decided to bring it in the house for the night and ... that 's when they started getting sick . Where is it now ? Look , I-I-I-I just ... I couldn 't take the chance that anyone else would get sick , so I just ... I just put it back in the ground where I found it . We found a drawing in your room of your old house . It had a series of coded words on it . Is it a map ? Richard ... is that where you buried the object ? I threw it in the well . Why didn 't you tell anyone this ? Look , I-I told you . It just ... it was too dangerous . People would 've gotten sick . That 's what Novak wants . He came for the object . He can 't find it himself , and he knows that I can . Did he say this to you ? He told me in a dream the night before he came . He said that we were connected and he said that he could find me because I had touched it . Get in here , Cavennaugh . ( over radio ) : Copy that . Tell us where to find that well . One chimney . They only had one chimney . Two chimneys ... two chimneys , two chimneys ... two chimneys ... Lucas ? Ramsey . Any luck on those coordinates ? Yeah , I think so . I did a little safecracking . I filled in your missing digits with random numbers and got 56 combinations . When I plugged them into the geographic database , the globe lit up like a Christmas tree . The coordinates ranged from Antarctica to Pakistan to the Red Sea , but I got one hit in Painesville , Ohio . What 's there ? Is it a house ? No , uh , no houses . I tapped into the Lake County Title Bureau . Um , there 's a subdivision there- - condominiums . When were they built ? The permit was issued in 1985 . What was there before that ? What was there in 1979 ? Single family dwelling , three bedrooms , two baths ... built back in the ' 20s . Did they have two chimneys ? It doesn 't say . I think I can get you a picture . How ? The U.S. Geological Survey has a massive archive of aerial survey photos . Some of the more recent ones were taken with satellites I helped design . I 've got a shot from the mid - ' 70s . I 'm honing in on your coordinates . Got it . How many chimneys , Lucas ? Two . One on either side . You are a prince . Oh , hey . I 'm glad you 're here . Let 's take a break from saving the world to do something really important . Help me pick a font . How far have you gone ? All right . Keep me posted . They 've dug six feet , and so far , nothing . That 's where I left it . You know , I-I 've never seen the view out this window before . Do-do you see that water tower over there across the hill ? Andy and I used to ride our bikes over there all the time . We used to climb to the top of the water tower . You could see the whole town from there . What did they do with my bike ? Do you think they just threw it away ? I don 't know . Yeah , probably did . You 're digging in the wrong place . That house he kept drawing- - it 's not the house he burned down . It 's the house where the cops arrested him the night of the fire . I checked the police report you gave me . It 's about two miles east of where our guys are digging . You were burying the object there when the cops showed up . You lied to me , Richard . It 's somewhere on that other property , isn 't it ? You can 't go . You can 't go there ! Please ! Look , I 'm the only one who can go near it ! ? She 's unconscious . Let 's get her out of here . Well , Tate was busy . This is Cavennaugh . Let 's get a digging team in here . It 's okay . Come on . Mm-hmm . Yeah , you 're a good girl . Good girl . There you go . CAFFREY : It 's Novak ! You all right ? Yeah . This must be the prize . Don 't go near it . Whatever it is , it 's active . Tell the data miners to widen their search . We 're not just looking in the present anymore . Way ahead of you . I read the protocols , you know . I told them to start sniffing around as far back as the 1970s . They 're going to have to go further than that . I had our geotechs analyze the soil in Tate 's well . And ? According to them , that thing was down there at least a hundred years before Richard and his father dug it up . A hundred years ? We 're going to need more data miners . It 's composed of elements that aren 't even on the periodic table . It looks like a super-dense alloy , but it 's actually extremely light . I 'm running a metallurgical analysis , but it 's going to take a few weeks to even figure out what 's holding this thing 's electrons together . And watch this . CAFFREY : Huh . PEGG : Yeah . Some kind of hyper-dimensional properties . It 's literally impossible for us to see it all at once . It 's like that object we saw from the Big Horn . Yeah . It could be a hub fragment from another probe , for all we know . Whatever it is , it 's emanating a weaker version of the alien signal . Oh , great . No , don 't worry ; it 's not strong enough to penetrate this chamber . It sure as hell screwed up the Tate family . Only after they brought it in the house . What about that chick in the condo ? Her DNA 's clean as a whistle . She obviously wasn 't in proximity to the object long enough for it to do any damage . It must 've been buried under enough dirt to dampen the effects . Well , we all know this thingamajig may be stable for the moment , but I-I would feel a lot safer if it was somewhere else , like out of the building . We 're preparing an underground storage bunker as we speak . It 's a hundred miles from nowhere . So ... what do we think Crewman Novak wanted with it ? Maybe he was planning to propagate the signal somehow . Well , we 've got him in isolation , and he ain 't talking . CAFFREY : We know one thing . The rules of the game have changed . How do you figure ? Because now we have something they want . You know , my eighth-grade class was going to take a field trip to Washington , DC . Needless to say , I never made it . Um ... where-where is the , um ... In a safe place . It 'll never hurt anyone again . What 's going to happen to me ? We 've arranged for you to be transferred to a new hospital . It 's not like Bridgeview ; there are no criminals there . You 'll have more freedom , better therapy , a support system . Will I ever get out ? I think so . Of course , we all know a sane man doesn 't go around talking about aliens , does he ? No , no . No , ma 'am . We 're going to keep an eye on you for the time being ... make sure you 're safe . C-Can I just ask you one question ? Why didn 't that thing change me ? I mean , it got my whole family , and it just left me alone . We think it 's because you were so young . Doesn 't affect children the same way . That 's why you were spared . Sometimes I wish I wasn 't . I guess it 's time for me to go . Listen ... What you did back then ... as horrible as it was ... it was the right thing to do . And it took a lot of courage . I don 't think many people in your shoes could 've made that decision . Do you think you can stop them ? It 'll be okay . We have a plan .
