 Threshold Season 1 Episode 1 " Trees Made of Glass " ( Part 1 ) Trouble at home ? Yeah , I just got dumped in the form of a spectacularly written " Dear John " e-mail . That 's the life at sea . Well , sprinkle her in the chili if you want . - Hey ! Frank ready for railing yet ? - He 's working on it , sir . Oh , hey , also nice ping pong action earlier . Yeah , you 're next . - How 's the turbine ? - Up and running , sir . And ... your bruised ego ? Uh , repairs are underway . You 'll get over her . And how many exes do you have , captain ? Too many to count . So , I 'm learning from the master ? Yeah , as your captain I try to lead by example . You hear that ? Yeah . Engineering , what is it ? What 's going on ? We don 't know , sir ... You 're going to hear a number of alarming things today . Just try to remember this is only an exercise As a contingency analyst , my job is to scare you , and , hopefully , prepare you for the worst imaginable catastrophes . We have to acknowledge the very real possibility of a global pandemic involving a highly-pathogenic SARS-like virus ... The World Health Organization projects that ... For the purpose of this study , we selected St. Louis . Stage One : The long-term post-nuclear radiation effect . Stage Three : preventing widespread panic . All right , any questions ? Hey , Monster . Hey , handsome . Come on , Monster , pick a spot . Molly Anne Caffrey ? Name 's Cavennaugh . Federal Agent . One of your plans has been activated . You 're needed in Washington . Which plan ? Threshold . You 've just become the most important person on the planet . Dr. Caffrey ? - My name 's J.T. Baylock . I 'm ... - Deputy National Security Advisor . Yes , I know . I take it you and Toto have been briefed ? On the ride over . You wrote this three years ago . Do you need a few minutes to refresh yourself before we throw you to the wolves ? No . I 'm good to go . Okay . No dogs allowed . Jim , watch the mutt . From what I 've heard , the Oval Office seems to think you 're some kind of genius . Oh , I don 't know about that . But I have advised them on a few occasions . Your modesty 's refreshing . Now drop it . We need you to take control . I 'll do my best . How many people were brought in on this ? How many know ? Defense , Homeland Security , Langley , NASA . We kept it limited per your protocols . - What about the President ? - Not yet . Good luck . Dr. Caffrey , National Security Advisor Andrea Hatten . - It 's so nice to see you again , Molly . - Likewise . Ladies and gentlemen , under Executive Order 221-C , I 'm reminding everyone that what we 're about to discuss has been classified Top Secret , no foreign dissemination . This image was captured by our Cheyenne Mountain facility . You 're looking at the heat bloom of an unidentified object entering Earth 's orbit from deep space at 2200 hours . At approximately 2212 , the object made a number of course corrections . - Course corrections ? - That 's right , Admiral . We believe it 's under extraterrestrial control . We lost contact with the object at these coordinates . The Coast Guard has informed us that a Naval vessel in the vicinity has gone silent . At this point , I 'd like to turn the briefing over to Dr. Caffrey , a senior analyst at the Blackwood Think Tank . Dr. Caffrey wrote the protocols we 'll be implementing tonight . - Dr. Caffrey . - Thank you . Some of you may not know what a contingency analyst does . I deal in worst case scenarios ... the unthinkable . And this definitely qualifies . Now , Threshold was designed as a rapid response measure to a First Contact scenario . Stage One of the plan calls for an immediate quarantine of the landing site , or possibly crash site . After the object is effectively secured by a Special Ops Force , the next step calls for the insertion of a Red Team . Now , their priorities are threefold : confirm the presence of extraterrestrial life , intelligent or otherwise , attempt to communicate with it , and , finally , to determine its intent , whether it poses any possible threat . And if it does ? You 'll find that on page 45 under the chapter heading " What to do if we 're screwed . " So which of the Red Team candidates were you able to get ? We got your microbiologist , Nigel Fenway . Perfect . He 's an MD with a background in pathology . Former ' 60s radical , stubborn as hell . If we are dealing with alien life , he 'll help us figure out how it eats , sleeps and breathes . Well , next up : Lucas Pegg . Astronautical engineer , Jet Propulsion Laboratories , Pasadena . Great . He helped design the Jupiter probe . If we are dealing with a UFO , he 'll pop the hood , tell us how it works . Also one of the all-time high Jeopardy winners . Good to know . Number three on the hit parade : Arthur Ramsey . Expert in linguistics and applied mathematics If our E.T. needs to phone home , he 'll translate the call . The guy is brilliant . Well , he also got quite a gambling-boozer-stripper problem . We all have our vices . Really ? And what are yours , Dr. Caffrey ? I only reveal those on a need-to-know basis , Mr. Cavennaugh . Well , here 's your Red Team . Not exactly Charlie 's Angels , are they ? Let me get this straight . We could be witness to the greatest moment in human history , and you people want to keep it a secret ? Damn right . What if some kind of technology could be reverse-engineered from what we encounter ? Do we want it falling into the hands of other countries ? God forbid the government would give the rest of the world the benefit of the doubt . Here 's a thought . What if they 're hostile ? I mean , even if they 're benign , their presence alone could incite worldwide panic . Look , gentlemen , we don 't know what we 're dealing with . And until we do , whatever we discover , stays in this room . Finder 's keepers . While we 're on the subject of aliens , I don 't appreciate being abducted . How long is this little field trip gonna last ? Indefinitely . So what , I 'm a prisoner ? That 's not gonna fly . Hey , can I talk to you in private for a minute ? Door Number One or Door Number Two ? I don 't ... What are ... what are you talking about ? Door Number One : vou bring along a slide rule and a smile , and you do what you 're asked . Door Number Two : You disappear into an 8x10 cell for the rest of your life playing solitaire , courtesy of the federal government . You can 't do that : that 's illegal . So is subverting national security , my friend . We 're in dark waters here , okay ? So I 'm going to ask you again : Door Number One ... or Two ? We 'll be choppering you out to the freighter with a Navy SEAL escort . Securing the vessel will be your first priority . However , we 've had a slight complication . The NSA has informed u that the North Koreans also detected the object . They 've dispatched a Kilo-class submarine to investigate . - How much time will we have out there ? - Five , six hours at best . What is this , War of the Worlds ? You ladies good to go ? Probably not , but I 'd rather be safe than sorry . Have we considered how this might look ? What if they 've come bearing gifts ? Believe me , Lucas , I hope they have . Ten minutes ago , you were worried about global panic . I like to worry about things from all angles . What 's that ? Uh , it 's ... New Testament , First Corinthians . How are they going to work aliens into their Sund sermon ? You making fun of me ? I 'm just saying ... I don 't remember reading , " And on the eighth day , the Lord created Klingons . " That 's funny . You know , that 's very funny . What 's your problem ? Where do I begin ? Is that your father 's watch ? What makes you ask that ? That 's a Tag Heuer Monaco . Steve McQueen wore one . If you were a guy back in the ' 70s , that was a must-have item . My dad thought so , too . He still around ? I don 't know . Uh , Whiskey One , we are approaching naval perimeter . Repeat : approaching naval perimeter . Roger , Whiskey One . Proceed with caution . Naval perimeter has been secured . Listen up , people , need to secure the entire ship ! Get down below deck , see if you can get the power on line ! Heads up , gentlemen : one crew member down . Dr. Caffrey . I 'm here . We 're clean down here , Dr. Caffrey . No pathogens , no chemical toxins , no radiological activity . The crew ? We 've found five of them so far , all dead . Some of them are pretty deformed . According to the ship 's manifest , there were 13 crew members on board . Where are the rest of them ? We don 't know . Get your team ready . You 're up . We 're on our way . We had to tranq him . His name is Gunneson , First Mate . All right , um , Mr. Cavenaugh , I 'd like your men to search the ship for any additional life forms . Freighters like this always have stowaways : rats , roaches , silverfish ... Capture them alive , if possible . Dr. Fenway , you 're going to have your hands full . I want a full workup on Gunneson here and those corpses and whatever potential menagerie we find . May I ask what it is I 'm supposed to be looking for ? If we knew that , we could all go home . What about the ship 's computers ? There might be a log or outgoing e-mails , anything that can tell us what happened . We 'll check it out . You said you saw some kind of ghost images on the ship 's radar equipment . Yeah , odd patterns , definitely more than just static . Ramsey , take a look . Lucas , there 's a video camera in the Rec Room . Let 's run it . Call us when he comes to . Yeah . Nice try . Nice try . Watch the magic . Who 's got game ? ! Who 's got game ? ! Who 's got game ? ! And you also got a big old cheese puff ass . All right . Uh , Lucas , you 're the engineer . Any idea what we 're seeing here ? No obvious means of propulsion , no aerodynamic surfaces . My God , look at theway it 's folding in on itself . It 's almost like we 're dealing with some kind of higher-dimensional geometry , maybe a Kaluza-Klein Manifold . English , please . It means I just soiled my boxers just a little bit . Come on , come on . I think we 're looking at a four-dimensional object in three-dimensional space . - You see how it keeps morphing ? - Yeah . I think because we live in a three-dimensional world , you see , we 're only capable of seeing part of it . What 's it doing ? What 's that sound ? Oh , my God . Are you guys all right ? ! Yeah . Congratulations , gentlemen . We 've just accomplished the first task of Threshold : confirmation of extraterrestrial intelligence . So , you 're telling me you 've got nothing more than an amateur videotape ? No , I 'm telling you what 's on that videotape will keep our scientists busy for decades . I 'm not interested in the future . I 'm interested in now . Who are they ? Why are they here ? Come on , dazzle us with some of your celebrated conjecture . You 'll have to do it quickly , Molly . The North Koreans caught some friendly currents . They 're due to arrive a few hours early . Understood . J.T. , any thoughts ? Look at all those sorry bastards out there . They have no idea what just dropped into our lap . They 're driving home , bitching about traffic , thinking about happy hour , just going about their lives ... and it could all be over . We don 't know that . We do our jobs right , they 'll never know how close we came . Molly 's going to need someone to run interference for her , J.T. You know how treacherous Washington bureaucracy can be . She 'll be pulling resources from every conceivable government branch . - You reassigning me ? - Temporarily . Thought I was on track for your job . Right now , you have the more important one . He 's in a delicate state , probably posttraumatic stress . I 'm not sure you 'll get much out of him . Did you find the captain ? No , he 's missing . So is most of the crew . Of the people we have been able to find , you 're the only survivor . Good . And why is that good ? Because they changed . We looked at the videotape . Can you tell us what happened ? I don 't know where it came from . We heard a sound first . Then the equipment started acting funny . It was blinding . And the sound like knives being sharpened . See that ? When we came to , it was gone . Power was on backup . Then the crew started getting sick ... really sick ... having weird dreams ... There was nothing I could do . These boys need help , Captain . We should call in an airlift . Captain ? It was like a forest , but the trees were made of glass . Sir , why don 't we get you down to sick bay ? In the dream I had ... in the forest ... Sir ? It was like I was really there . And we never saw the captain again . Never found his body . After that , everything went to hell . People trying to kill each other . People trying to kill themselves . I hid in sick bay , but I could still hear the screaming . And the missing crew members ? Do you know where they went ? No . What about the bodies we found ? What caused those disfigurements ? Listen , people weren 't the same . They weren 't themselves . What about you ? Are you yourself ? Take it easy , buddy . Take it easy . You okay ? Yeah . No , actually , I 'm not okay . I 'm completely freaked out . I 'd be worried if you weren 't . Any thoughts on our mystery object ? You mean that Christmas ornament there ? Look , designing spacecraft is what I do . And theoretically , there are only so many ways you can get from one star to another . Laser-assisted solar sails , fusion engines , interstellar ramjets , antimatter drives . And I got to tell you , this thing definitely doesn 't use any of those . So what does it do ? Do you think it was carrying passengers ? You saw what it was doing , folding in on itself . Where would they be ? An unmanned probe , then . Possibly . Or a weapon . Right . Why don 't you cut him down and get him to Dr. Fenway ? Takes real commitment to hang yourself . My boy here was motivated . Something must 've really scared the crap out of him . You wanted to see me ? Yeah , I got a little bit of alien voodoo I want to run past you here . Now , this interference pattern , it appears on every bit of equipment on this ship . What 's causing it ? We really should go out some time . What ? You don 't date guys ... smarter than you ? I don 't know . Never met one . Now , as to what 's causing this pattern , remember the bomb they dropped over Hiroshima ? The explosion was so hard core that it permanently burnt shadows of people onto the walls and sidewalks . I think we have the electromagnetic equivalent here . What about the shape itself ? I 've got some ideas , but I need to do a Fourier analysis before I really nail it down . Hold on , guys ! I want to get some shots before you bag him . - Meticulous . - Details matter . I think I saw that embroidered on a pillow once . You know , Caffrey , you didn 't have to concoct this whole alien conspiracy theory - just to get the two of us alone together . - You 're boring me , Ramsey . You get that , or you need me to embroider it on a pillow for you ? I have to amuse myself somehow . You know , thanks to you , this might be my last job ... ever . You ever consider that ? I mean , did you think about that when you picked our names out of a hat ? I was having a perfectly deviant lifes ... It 's not all that unusual . Post-mortem muscle contractions , neuro-electrical discharges . Discharge ? This guy was doing the Macarena . Look , all I know is his eyes were focused . There was consciousness . So maybe our definition of dead just changed . Okay ... Give me a couple of hours . I 'll see if I can get you some answers . Any luck ? I asked our naval escorts to do another sonar sweep , but , so far , nothing . So that thing on tape wasn 't tracked leaving by air . Not underwater ... Where the hell did it go ? Nervous ? You really thrive on this crisis stuff , don 't you ? Is it that obvious ? Worst case scenarios ? I mean , what kind of person picks that for a job description ? The kind of person who lived through one . You know what , Doc ? I 've been thinking . I don 't know if that object was even a spacecraft . The way it was built , it could never carry passengers . It must have been sent here for another purpose . Hey , there 's a wedding ring on this hand . They ever find the guy this belonged to ? Nope . Doesn 't that bother you ? What bothers me is that we 're working our butts off here , and nobody 's said Bo Diddley about whether we 're being paid for this or not . I 'm not worried about that . I think we got bigger fish to fry . Well , you 're not carrying three ex-wives on your back , are you ? You know , Doc ... This ... this is about the science . This is about the sense of discovery . Are you kidding me ? You think people give a flying fart about science ? The day the Mars Rover landed , what was the top story in the news ? I don 't know . Britney Spears married in Vegas ! Given the state of the world today , a little alien intervention might be just what the doctor ordered . So you 're bitter is what you 're saying ? Wait ... What the hell is this ? Come here , Lucas . So have you figured out what we 're looking at ? If I give you the wrong answer , are you gonna make me choose a door again ? It 's a fractal pattern . Fractional geometry , a type of mathematics that crops up in chaos theory . - What does it have to do with our UFO ? - Could be some form of communication . Math is a language , and like any language , it speaks to us . This pattern is speaking to me . What 's it saying ? It 's a graphic representation of an ... equation that describes a DNA molecule . Here . Now ... our DNA ... the DNA of every life-form on Earth , is in the shape of a ... - A double helix . - A double helix . So you actually took more than phys-ed . Keep going , Ramsey . Now , if I translate into mathematics what this pattern is describing , things get a little bit bizarre . A triple helix . I can 't even imagine what life based on a triple helix would look like . Well , maybe we 're about to find out . Whatever it is , it can 't be good for the human race . Okay , guys , let 's think . We 're up against the wall here . Who are they ? Why are they here ? What do they want ? Doctor , you said you found something unusual ? Well , that 's putting it mildly . These are normal human blood cells . This is a sample of blood taken from our survivor . I found the same structural changes in the corpses and in the rats and roaches , for that matter . Something evoked frighteningly-rapid cellular change in every living thing on this boat . It 's not unlike the work of a viral agent . Like cancer , but more directed in its purpose . Exactly . The ship 's clean , we didn 't find any pathogens . This is what puzzled me , and then I started thinking . Most of our genetic material is obsolete . Fact is , we don 't know what most of it does , but ... what if someone else did ? What if they figured out a way to manipulate it ? How ? With our mystery object ? With all those lights and sounds ? No . You ... You can 't hack into someone 's DNA with a signal . Really ? Used a cell phone lately ? Brain tumors , chief . Even watching a second-generation copy made us sick . Which reminds me , Doctor , I 'm going to have to take blood samples of the three of you , as well . Ramsey , you said the shape was articulating something . I 'm down with Fenway . Someone is trying to unzip our DNA strands and reassemble them . So ... what ? We 're talking about some kind of ... bio-forming ? You 've heard of terraforming , altering the climate of Mars to make it habitable . Why not do the same thing to people ? Say you want to colonize another world . What do you do ? You send troops , an armada of spaceships ? Wouldn 't it be more efficient if you could simply send information ? If you could download a program into the indigenous population , and ... and turn them into you ? Okay , hold on , though . We don 't know they 're trying to colonize . This could be their way of ... saying hello . Listen , my ridiculously optimistic little friend , I know how to say " hello " in over 200 dialects , and this most certainly is not a " hello . " Cavennaugh . Roger that . We 're evacuating . I was told we had at least another 90 minutes . What the hell are you doing ? The North Koreans are breathing down our necks , so unless you want to stare down a 2,000-ton sub ... Are you blowing up the ship ? We can 't destroy the only evidence of alien life we have ever had . Look , you have to make do with what you 've got . We can 't afford to let them get their hands on it . The less they know about what we found out here , the better . Hey , we got to go . Come on , Molly . Gunneson , stop ! Stop ! Turn around ! Gunneson ! Stay back ! - You okay ? - Yeah . I think it 's safe to say we are dealing with a worst-case scenario , so we move on to Phase Two of the Threshold protocols : containment and crisis-management . Now , there 's a lot we don 't know . Like where are the missing crew members ? Where is First Mate Gunneson ? Sleeping with the fishes , no doubt . No one could have survived out there , much less made it to shore . We can assume nothing , Doctor . The moment we give in to our preconceptions , we 're dead . Which brings us to our object . Where did it go ? We 're plugged into every surveillance satellite in the hemisphere . I can tell you this : It certainly hasn 't left . If it was here , we would 've found it by now . Not necessarily . If their technology is based on four or even ... five-dimensional physics , they could come and go , and we 'd never even know it . We have to assume we 're dealing with an intelligence so advanced that its capabilities border on the supernatural . - That 's comforting . - There 's nothing comforting about this . We don 't have time for fear . We don 't have the luxury of self-doubt . We 've got to stare into the face of the unknown and make damn sure we don 't blink . Why don 't you come back tomorrow afternoon ? We 'll run another round of tests . So , what is that , a battlefield scar ? Something like that . Whoever stitched you up should be making shoes for a living . Let me ask you something . I understand what I 'm doing here ... the others ... What exactly is your job title ? I mean , who cuts your checks ? I 'm freelance . I do contract work . So you 're a ghost , huh ? You 're the guy they send in when they can 't acknowledge they 've sent someone in . Should we be worried ? No . I haven 't found any cellular damage or mutations . So we 're clean . Sort of . I picked up some unusual activity in your mid to lower frontal lobes , both of you . Lucas , too . Are you saying we 're sick ? No , we 're talking brain wave activity . You see these ? These are theta waves . You 're all generating far more than the average cognitive model . You 're saying the videotape changed the way we think ? Maybe . Anyway , I can 't see any reason to keep you here now . My advice : get some rest . Even " ghosts " need sleep , right ? Hey , don 't you ever sleep ? Can 't . I 'm still drowning in satellite telemetry . I just feel like we missed something . Oh , drown tomorrow . Go home . You 're no good to us fried . You 're still here . Yeah , well , I don 't have a life . What makes you think I do ? Guess I know who to call when Thanksgiving comes around . Look , get some rest . We 'll need you back here in eight hours . - Good night . - Good night . Come here , mister . Hello ? It 's Cavennaugh . Are you okay ? Yeah . Why ? I just had this dream . I can 't explain it , but I saw myself ... but it wasn 't me . I know this is going to sound strange , but ... it ... felt like more than just a dream . And there was this place ... It was like I was really there . It was ... it was like a forest . It was a glass forest . Molly ? Yeah . Sorry , uh ... I saw it , too . I was there . What 's happening to us ? I don 't know . Subbed by the " Red Team " Transcript : Raceman Synchro : Raekwon , Seb103 ! and Seth Cohen
