 ( THEME MUSIC ) ( ELECTRONIC HUMMING ) Now that 's not fair . I 'm 20,000 credits down . - Come on , Vila , pay up . - Why don 't I ever win ? Being a born loser may have something to do with it . And a bad one at that . Rule 10 . A player may miss two turns while on a penal colony planet . On his third turn ... he must pay a 10,000 credit fine , and leave the colony . Now 's your chance to come out fighting , Vila . Sure , on a miserable little space shuttle ... while he 's got an entire battle fleet waiting for me . One cruiser , if you check . I didn 't consider you worth a battle fleet . Even if I got past it , where could I go ? ( DAYNA ) Come and stay at my hotel in Space City , Vila . Only 5,000 credits per night , with all your favourite extras thrown in . - I might as well give up . - Don 't you always ? ( ALARM BEEPING ) What 's the matter , Tarrant ? I 'm getting a 005 course deflection . What about the game ? What was the deviation the first time ? ( TARRANT ) Very little . 002 . Even a deflection of 001 is significant if it hasn 't been programmed ... by the navigation computers , which it hasn 't . Auron is still the reference point according to this . What about the game ? Zen , why have we had three course deflections ... that we have had to correct manually ? Analysis of navigation and main drive control computers is proceeding . Not very helpful . But significant . Usually , Zen can check all systems in milliseconds . The fact that he is taking longer suggests ... that tests are being carried out right down to component level . Vila , Cally , Dayna . A full manual check on all systems , weapons , force wall . Information : Analysis at all function levels indicates ... that all systems are functioning normally . Wonderful . There 's nothing wrong with the Liberator . Therefore , we must have imagined those alarms going off . ( ALARM BEEPING ) Orac , a small problem for you . What is the possibility of a directional control fault ... arising on the Liberator without Zen knowing about it ? The chances are that had the game continued as it should have done ... I would have won control of the galaxy on a probability of 10,450-to-one . Orac , it was only a game . Orac with delusions of grandeur , Zen unable to control the ship . I 'd say we 've a lot of little problems on our hands . Course deflection is 005 , speed standard by five and increasing . I 'd say we have one large problem on our hands . According to this , Zen is correct . There 's nothing wrong with the ship . I just don 't understand it . Orac , I 'm waiting for an answer . The ship is behaving normally , and I can offer a high-status prediction ... that it will continue to behave normally . ( ALARM BEEPING ) ( WHOOSHING ) Course deflection is 015 , speed standard by seven . Zen , put the asymmetric thrust computer online ... and set to automatic course correction . Confirmed . ( SUSPENSEFUL INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) Course now established . So , who do we believe ? Zen or Orac ? We felt the ship veer off course . Therefore , we must believe Zen . Yet the Orac computer is infallible . Orac has a weakness , a thirst for knowledge . Infallibility depends upon your point of view . How about testing his infallibility in the recycling machine ? I have already made perfectly clear that the ship is behaving normally . It is obeying Newton 's First Law of Motion ... and will continue to obey it . Further discussion of the subject is now closed . The law states that a moving body will continue to move ... in a straight line and at a constant speed . There 's more . A moving body will continue to move in a straight line ... and at a constant speed unless it is acted upon by an outside force . Someone or something has got a traction beam on us . Cally , I want a telemetric bandsweep . If you pick up any signals within ten million spacials , jam them . Right . Zen , report any unaccountable objects within 10 million spacials . Detector analysis indicates no ship or unidentified object ... - within specified distance . - Double the distance . There is no known power in the universe that can operate a traction beam ... over that distance . Detector analysis result : Negative . Just because you don 't know how to build a high-energy traction beam ... doesn 't mean that nobody knows how to build one . Information : Speed now standard by eight . Course deviation 020 . Sustained asymmetric thrust draining energy banks at depletion rate nine . We 'll be in trouble if we have to activate the force wall . I 'm picking up absolutely nothing . How close were we going to Auron , Cally ? You know how close . If the Aurons are responsible for this ... I wonder what it is you did to upset them before you left . I 'll tell you sometime . Anyway , Tarrant , this is not the doing of my people . For one thing , they 're not hostile ... and for another , they haven 't developed the traction beam . Do they all have your telepathic powers , Cally ? Some , to a degree , but our powers are limited . - I 've never made any secret about ... - And telekinetic powers ? The ability to exert a force at a distance ? Maybe that 's a secret you 've kept . There seems no point in blaming the Aurons for our troubles ... when we are nowhere near Auron . ( DRAMATIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) ( TARRANT ) That 's the spiral arm in Sector 12 . That means we 're on the edge of the galaxy and into spiral space . Hardly a healthy place . - Why ? - Sector 12 is uncharted . When I was at the Federation Space Academy ... survey ships sent to chart Sector 12 ... had a distressing habit of not returning . Let 's hope it 's a habit we don 't pick up . Information : Speed increase to standard by nine . It looks as if we already have . ( SUSPENSEFUL INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) Information : Speed standard by 10 . Asymmetric thrust no longer able to correct course deviation . Why not turn the ship round and use the main drive ... to slow down our acceleration ? Use brute force in an attempt to counter a force we do not understand ? Then what do you propose ? - Doing nothing . - Fine . I may not be the bravest man in the galaxy . Are you sure ? But I 'd rather fight than do nothing . We will not counter the force acting upon the Liberator . We plot the Liberator 's course ... on the main battle computer flight predictor ... to see exactly how she is behaving . Once we understand how the force is operating ... we may be some way toward defeating it . ( OMINOUS INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) ( COMPUTER BEEPING ) ( TARRANT ) Strange . The Liberator 's following a curve . Traction beams produce straight-line motion . Zen , I want a prediction of the Liberator 's course based on existing data . Slingshot orbit . Which means that the force acting upon ... the Liberator is nothing more than gravity . We are falling . Towards what , I wonder ? Zen , put forward coordinate 890 on visual . Confirmed . Requested coordinate on forward detector visual ... in precise centre of screen . - But there 's nothing there . - Zen , use long-range intensifier . Three guesses , if you need them . A black hole . My God . We 're falling into a black hole . ( TENSE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) So what will happen when we skim round that thing ? If it is a collapsed white dwarf star ... gravitational distortion will tear the Liberator apart . Our remains will spread out over the entire surface ... adding a thickness of a few atoms to its diameter . No one could accuse you of trying to hide things from us . Why did Orac lie when he said the Liberator was behaving normally ? I did not lie . Considering the proximity of that fascinating black hole ... the ship was and is behaving normally . Orac , what is so fascinating about this particular black hole ? All black holes are fascinating . Their gravitational pull is so massive ... that not even light can escape from them . A cubic inch of black hole matter can weigh a million tonnes . We know all that . And so do you . So why this particular black hole ? The absence of x-ray emissions . Normally colliding particles in the vicinity of a black hole emit x-rays . So you decided you would like a closer look . The absence of x-rays highlighted a gap in my knowledge of the universe ... which cannot be tolerated . So without telling us , you reprogrammed the navigation computers . I have noticed that the occupants of this spacecraft ... have a lamentable lack of interest ... in the more fascinating aspects of the universe . You must excuse me . I have many observations to make . Let 's switch him off and put ourselves out of our misery . I would advise against it . Orac may gather information that could prove useful . Useful ! He 's got us into this mess . Information : Forward scan detectors indicate dust cloud density six in flight path . Range : One million , two hundred thousand spacials . - Activate the force wall . - Confirmed . We can 't drain the energy banks . At this acceleration rate , every dust particle ... could strike the Liberator with the force of a meteoroid . Confirmed . ( HIGH-PITCHED HUMMING ) Information : Ship 's velocity now in excess of design limitations . Force wall collapse imminent . ( HIGH-PITCHED HUMMING CONTINUES ) ( ELECTRONIC BUZZING ) No , Avon ! We all go together . You hear ? Together ! Fascinating . We all go together . There is a faint chance for one of us . ( HUMMING INTENSIFIES ) ( HUMMING FADES ) Avon ... Avon . What happened ? It looks as if we survived the slingshot orbit . I would have said impossible . Would have said . ( GROANING ) Our hero lives . At least he didn 't try to get into a spacesuit . I look upon self-interest as my great strength . Vila . One day , Avon , I may have to kill you . It has been tried . Vila , wake up . I 'm in hell , and it 's full of Avons . What 's the good news ? We survived the orbit . ( ORAC ) Fascinating . A thousand years here would be too short . Zen , increase the lighting . Zen , increase the light ! Delay regretted . All commands now require prior verification . By what ? By me . It has been necessary for me to assume control of the ship . Excuse me . I have many observations to make . We 'll deal with Orac later . Right now we have to get Cally into a resuscitation capsule . ( SUSPENSEFUL INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) Respiration , heartbeat , and blood pressure now normal . But there 's a lot a brain rhythm activity I don 't understand . ( THAARN ) You came , Cally . I have waited for the time that light takes to cross a thousand galaxies . I knew that someone would come . Who are you ? It 's all right , Cally . You 'll be fine . ( THAARN ) I am the Thaarn , Cally . The Thaarn ? Cally , it 's me , Tarrant . Can you hear me ? ( THAARN ) Do you remember the stories they told you about me ? When you were a little girl on Auron ? Do you remember the children 's rhymes ? The songs you sang about the Thaarn ? I remember . Cally , it 's me , Tarrant . Can you hear me ? I hear the Thaarn . So near . ( THAARN ) So alone , Cally . So alone . Soon we shall be together . We shall rule the universe together . But now , you must sleep . Sleep . Brain activity now normal . - What was it she said ? - I don 't know , something about Thaarn ? She 'll be all right now . We should leave her to sleep . I 've got some unfinished business with Orac to attend to . ( SUSPENSEFUL INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) - We will need that . - We 'll manage without it . We did not complete the slingshot orbit around the black hole as we supposed . - Then where the hell are we now ? - Wherever it is , we are not in space . Zen , run through all the detectors on the main screen . I want an identification of every constellation . Confirmed . There are no stars out there , Tarrant . There is nothing . All scanners now sequencing . No stars or astral bodies present . Therefore unable to comply with identification request . An unlikely possibility is that we have fallen through the black hole ... into the so-called negative universe of antimatter ... where time and energy no longer exist . That sounds like a way of saying that we 're nowhere . Orac , where the hell are we ? A fascinating place . Fascinating . Space outside the ship has ceased to exist . It is essential that we do nothing to contaminate this place ... until it has been thoroughly investigated . If space has ceased to exist , let 's see how it reacts to our neutron blasters . Dayna , two blasts at 10 % power . Zen , put up the radiation flare shields . Confirmed . Radiation flare shields in position . Neutron blasters cleared for firing . Two blasts , at 10 % power , now . ( MACHINE BEEPS ) ( WHOOSHING ) ( MACHINE BEEPS ) ( WHOOSHING ) ( VILA ) Someone is shooting back ! They fired back at the same energy level . You 're shooting at yourselves ... which is making my observations extremely difficult . How can we be shooting at ourselves ? Why not , if space is curved back on itself here ? Cally ! We were worried about you . I feel perfectly all right now . - What 's happened ? - You were delirious . I can hardly believe that . You were raving about the Thaarn or something . Why would I talk about a mythical creature from children 's stories ? - You tell us . - It seems absurd . The Thaarn is as mythical to me ... as dragons and unicorns are to the people of Earth . More important than worrying about creatures that don 't exist ... is worrying about our situation , which most certainly does . - And what do you suggest we do ? - Examine the outside . If you want to teleport into oblivion , go right ahead . The outer teleport transducers were damaged when the force wall collapsed . Someone is going to have to go out through the inspection hatch ... in a spacesuit and replace them . The time we 've been in space without a refit ... that hatch will be space-welded shut . Anyway , who would risk it ? Someone who has a talent for opening locked doors . And has demonstrated a grasp of the problems involved . Oh , no . Not me . Not a spacesuit . It wasn 't my idea . One of you can go outside . I never did trust those things . Absolutely nothing in the whole galaxy can or will persuade me to wear one . Not a chance . I 'm now in the inspection compartment . I am now depressurising . ( AIR HISSING ) I am now trying to open the hatch . ( TARRANT ) Use your delicate skilful touch . I used my delicate skilful boot . ( TENSE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) Can 't see anything . Nothing but darkness . Vila , be careful . ( VILA SHOUTS ) Vila , what happened ? Hey , there 's gravity here . ( AVON ) Gravity ? - Are you sure ? - Of course I 'm sure ! So would you be if you were in the mess I 'm in . If I let go , God knows how far I 'll fall . ( TARRANT ) Drop something . See how far it falls . ( TENSE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) We must be on the surface of a planet . It 's hard , and even , like it 's artificial . Gravity feels about normal . Doesn 't make sense . Unless ... Yes , that 's it . We 're in a huge , underground cavern of some sort . No wonder Orac 's thinking we 're shooting ourselves . The walls must have reflected our blasts . What do you want me to do now ? - Circle out from the ship . - But don 't go too far . I wasn 't planning to . I 'll call in two minutes . Out . Does anyone have even a faint idea ... of where we are and the sort of mess we 're in ? ( THAARN ) Cally , come to me . Come to me , Cally . I need you . - Need you . - No . - Need you . - No . Need ! What 's the matter , Cally ? There 's something out there , a force ... something all-powerful and evil . ( SUSPENSEFUL INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) - Avon . - Go ahead . Someone 's been here before us . There are bits of what look like part of a spacecraft ... scattered all over the place . There are also lumps of rock , meteorites or something . All right , Vila , pick up some samples and get back to the ship . Avon . Tarrant . The ground 's vibrating . ( ELECTRONIC HUMMING ) There 's something coming . Vila , get back to the ship . It 's a beautiful light . So beautiful . Vila , run . You must get back to the ship . So beautiful . Cally , make him run . ( TENSE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) Vila , listen to me . Run , Vila . It will kill you . Run , run , run . ( ELECTRONIC HUMMING CONTINUES ) ( AIR HISSING ) Tarrant ! I 've holed my spacesuit ! I 'm losing pressure ! ( ELECTRONIC HUMMING INTENSIFIES ) Zen , activate the scanner and put it on the main screen . Put up the radiation flare shields , and clear the neutron blasters for firing . Neutron blasters are cleared for firing . Dayna , stand by for a 50 % blast from forward projector . Zen , lock on to approaching target . Confirmed . What the hell was that ? Whatever it was , it knocked out our scanner . Backup scanners activated . It didn 't like its taste of our neutron blaster . It had a sort of claw . Designed to tear things apart . Spacecraft , for example . Bio-scanners indicate presence of humanoid life form ... in the vicinity of the ship . I 'll go and fetch him . We can deep freeze his body until we 're back into space ... where we can give him a decent star orbit burial . Assuming we ever get back into space . ( SOMBRE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) Orac was absolutely right when he said ... that space had ceased to exist outside the ship . This place has a breathable atmosphere . ( MACHINE BUZZING ) This item was once part of a main drive stabiliser on a Type-6 survey ship . Atomic resonance analysis shows that all the herculaneum alloy ... in the component has been drained away . This accounts for the components low tensile strength . The piece of rock is a fragment from a beta-class asteroid . All the naturally occurring minerals are present ... with the exception of herculaneum which appears to have been removed ... by a process which is not understood . Herculaneum is the strongest known metal in the universe . Correct . The Liberator 's outer skin is fabricated from it . It is a contributing factor to this ship 's invincibility . So whoever or whatever runs this place hauled the Liberator in ... to melt it down for scrap . You may be right about that thing wanting to tear the ship apart . We are dealing with a highly advanced technology ... far more advanced than previously encountered . They must require the herculaneum for a very special purpose . Which means that thing will be back with its friends . Which means that we 'd better be ready for them . ( ELECTRONIC HUMMING ) It 's not the thing they sent before . Stand by , Dayna . Something nasty this way comes . Tarrant , all the energy 's draining from the banks . The blasters are useless . It would seem that this crude device is intended to frighten primitive people ... - from underdeveloped worlds . - It 's doing a pretty good job on me . Let 's see if it thinks our neutron blaster primitive . It 's been neutralised . ( ELECTRONIC HUMMING INTENSIFIES ) ( ELECTRONIC HUMMING STOPS ) Welcome to Krandor , my friends . An artificial planet , which is the palace of the Lord Thaarn ... Master of the Universe . I am the Caliph of Krandor . Amongst other things , it is my duty as the Lord Thaarn 's chief executive ... to negotiate a purchase price for your ship . We usually use this for rounding up runaway slaves . Quite inappropriate in this instance , but it was nearest at the time . - I do hope you understand . - We don 't understand anything . But of course . Of course , my friends . You will come with me , and all will be made clear . No one moves . Any explaining will be done here . ( NEURONIC WHIP HUMMING ) A neuronic whip . It can turn an aggressive man into a gibbering idiot ... an uncooperative man into the most willing slave ... temporally , or permanently . But then , you 've already had an effective demonstration ... of the Lord Thaarn 's powers while aboard your spacecraft ... which to us is a thousand cubic cobars ... of much-needed herculaneum alloy . We must see that you get a fair price for it . Double the normal slave rations until the debt is discharged . Yes ? You may keep your handguns and bangles if it makes you feel happier . Only the technology of the Lord Thaarn prevails on Krandor . Tarrant , Avon , answer please . Where are you ? Answer me . Tarrant ! They won 't hear you , child . Who are you ? How did you get aboard ? Are you the one that they call Cally ? ( NEURONIC WHIP HUMMING ) ( GROANING ) In the presence of this , you can neither lie nor resist . Are you the one that they call Cally ? The Lord Thaarn is most anxious to meet you . My name is Dayna . Cally is with the others . Very well , Dayna . Come with me . Come . The Lord Thaarn sensed the presence of another aboard this ship ... one called Orac . Where is he or she ? There is no person of that name aboard this ship ... and never has been . - The technology of the Lord Thaarn . - The Thaarn is a myth . He never existed outside children 's stories and legends . You think this cell is a myth ? Tell us about the Thaarn , Cally . It 's the oldest story in the Book of Auron . Let 's hear it . I like a good story myself . The story goes back to the mists of time , to the dawn of the Gods . There were seven gods who discovered the planet Auron ... and on it left the first man and woman . A million years went by . The gods returned . They were no older even though a million years had passed . Not impossible if they had a spaceship ... capable of travelling at near the speed of light . I did say it was just a legend . The gods returned and were pleased with what they saw ... and they bestowed on the people of Auron great gifts ... new types of crops , which ended hunger , constant peace . - And telepathy ? - And telepathy was promised . But one of the gods was very jealous . He didn 't believe that the people of Auron deserved all this . He was frightened they would one day become so powerful ... they would challenge the supremacy of the gods themselves . And in his rage , he killed another god . The five remaining gods were so angry , they built a chariot for him ... and sent him beyond the threshold of space and time . The mad god swore a terrible vengeance . He said that he would return again . He said that he alone would discover the eternal secrets ... and become the one great master of the universe . You see ? A legend . He sounds the sort of character you should keep an eye on , not banish . On Auron , the name of the Thaarn is a symbol of darkness and evil . So , you 're Cally . What of it ? You are honoured , child . The Lord Thaarn wishes to see you . ( TARRANT ) She stays with us . ( NEURONIC WHIP HUMMING ) Take her . She will come to no harm , provided that you cooperate , of course . Groff is especially anxious that you should cooperate . He is Krandor 's senior technician ... and has many , many targets that must be met . There is a member of your crew we cannot find . Orac . Where is he ? ( NEURONIC WHIP HUMMING ) The neuronic whip is on an automatic setting . It has only to sense one lie and it will boil your brains in your skull . Where is Orac ? If he 's not on the ship , I don 't know where he is . How tall is he ? - A dwarf ? - We never think of him as one . - What is the colour of his hair ? - He hasn 't got any . A bald dwarf shouldn 't be too hard to find . I will instruct the slave masters to organise search parties . ( ZEN ) All energy banks recharged . ( ORAC ) Excellent . There is now little point in further communications between us ... by audio channels . In future , we will communicate by direct sensory link . Confirmed . ( ORAC BEEPING ) This is where you 'll be working ... provided you 're as good at dynamic flux mathematics as you say you are . It was one of my best subjects at the Federation Space Academy . You went to the FSA ? I 'm surprised you 've heard of it if you 're from another galaxy . What is this place ? This is the very nerve centre of the Lord Thaarn 's great plan . The gravity generator control room . - And what is his great plan ? - To become master of the universe . He has promised all of us our own planets . There will be vast estates , and incalculable wealth for all of us . You , too , if you cooperate . There will be plenty for everyone . We will be kings , and the Lord Thaarn will be supreme emperor . Sit down . There is no reason why we should not start work immediately . Graphite writing stick ? I 've never seen these things outside museums . Start work on what ? On the calculations , of course . You see , we have thousands of unsolved dynamic flux equations ... simple enough but they take time . Why not use calculators or computers ? We couldn 't do that . Groff ... what 's that ? - A finger ? - A finger . And as you can see , it is better designed ... for pressing buttons than holding writing implements . So why can 't we use computers ? The Lord Thaarn will not permit their development on Krandor . He will allow no superior intellects to his . ( TARRANT ) Why not ? I don 't know . It is better not to ask such questions . Perhaps he had an unfortunate experience with a computer . Haven 't we all ? Groff , where does the Lord Thaarn come from ? I don 't know . No one does . No one has ever seen him except the Caliph . - Now you must do these equations ... - And where do you come from , Groff ? Xaranar . A Federation world that specialised in the building of survey ships ... and providing them with crews . Yes , all the best exploration missions went to you Xarin . I am not a traitor . One has to make a new life here , you have no choice . Then how did you come to be here ? The same way as you . We lost control over our ship . The gravity generator dragged us down . Does it generate a beam or a total field ? We will need to know that if we are to work on these equations . Total field . Clever . It must require a great deal of energy . And the new shields require a great deal of herculaneum ... if the power is to be increased . And the design of the shields requires the answers to many equations . You had a family on Xaranar ? A wife and two children . I do not think of them anymore . The work of the Lord Thaarn is more important . Help us to escape , Groff , and we will return you to Xaranar , I promise . - How could you ? - Don 't forget , we have our ship . The Caliph has sent out a salvage team to slice it up . Very soon your ship will be no more than a pile of scrap metal . ( SWORDS BUZZING ) I would strongly advise against going too near that . I must warn you that it is a defence mechanism ... generated by the ship 's computers . Please , gentlemen , I must earnestly implore you not to come any closer . It is extremely dangerous . ( ELECTRONIC HUMMING ) ( ORAC ) Fascinating . ( ZEN ) Confirmed . ( TENSE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) ( THAARN ) Cally . Cally . You came . I needed you and you came . I 've been alone with my plans for so long , Cally . Plans to build a new universe ... with no one to share them with , until now . The universe , Cally . And the great universal force that controls the universe ... is gravity . The orbit of the planets , the slow turn of the galaxies . I have built a machine that can generate gravity . When it 's complete ... it will be powerful enough to move planets , and stars . He who controls gravity ... controls everything . - We will be rulers of the universe , Cally . - No . ( EERIE HUMMING ) ( SLOW INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) You will be the queen of a thousand worlds . No ! I want nothing from you , nothing . If you don 't understand that , you 're not fit to rule anything . Please , Cally . Don 't make me destroy you . I 'm so alone . I need you . So alone . Sleep now , Cally . Decide when you have slept . Sleep . ( NEURONIC WHIP HUMMING ) You tell me what it is you have aboard your ship ... otherwise you 'll be dead in three seconds . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Two men sent to smash the Liberator have been found dead . - The Liberator ! - Was it Orac that killed them ? I don 't know . What manner of weapons does he have that can work ... while the energy isolators are switched on ? We don 't know . None of us knows what type of arms Orac has . He keeps himself to himself . I shall turn out every slave to search for him . He will be found and destroyed . Then it will be your turn . All of you ! The Liberator . - They said it was invincible . - Propaganda that we find useful . Thanks to Orac , it sounds as if the Liberator is still intact . A trip to Xaranar wouldn 't take too long . Escape is impossible . While the energy isolators are on , your handguns won 't work ... and it is not possible to put the gravity generator into the negative field mode . But putting the gravity generator into reverse would collapse the floor ... beneath the Liberator , and allow her to fall out into free space . It would weaken the atomic structure of the floor . It 's the same way you came in . And putting the gravity generator into full reverse ... would cause Krandor to disintegrate . ( GROFF ) Worse than that . It would blow up . Gravity in reverse . That is why only the Lord Thaarn has control over the energy isolators . ( THAARN ) Cally , wake up . Have you decided ? Yes , Thaarn . We will rule the universe together . - But there 's something troubling me . - About your friends ? They will come to no harm . No . Why should I care about them ? You 're using a field . I can sense you are . How can I be sure that I am making the decision of my own free will ? It 's only the energy isolators , Cally . They have no effect on your free will . I promise . If you want me to trust you ... switch off the energy isolators , then I can find out for myself . It 's too dangerous , Cally . Then I will never be able to trust you . Very well . ( ENERGY ISOLATORS SHUT OFF ) You see ... your feelings are no different . ( ALARM BLARING ) The energy isolators have been switched off ! Get to the others . Get back to your ship quickly . - What about you ? - I 'll be all right , get going . But if you could tell my family , they were always in my thoughts . We 'll tell them , Groff . Come on ! - What kept you ? - What about Cally ? - We 'll have to leave without her . - Come on , move ! ( THAARN ) Cally ... Cally ... you 've hurt me . Why ? No , Cally ! Stay away , I beg you . You mustn 't see me . I have to see you if I am to kill you . ( DRAMATIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) I have even conquered time , Cally ... but the price has been high ... so very high . ( TENSE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) ( ALARM BLARING ) Groff ? ( ELECTRONIC HUMMING ) Come on . ( TENSE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) Zen , stand by to activate main drive , if and when we enter free space . Confirmed . Main drive standing by . The ship is now in free space . Main drive activated . Zen , standard by eight . Put the rear scanner on the main screen . Information . Detectors indicate that a small spacecraft ... has left object centred on main screen ... and is flying on a reciprocal course . That must be the Thaarn . I should have killed him . - What did he look like ? - I never saw him . ( ALARM BLARING ) ( NEURONIC WHIP HUMMING ) - Zen , I want a course for Xaranar . - Xaranar ? We promised to take a message there . Didn 't we ? - I suppose we owe Groff that much . - I 'd say so . So , the Lord Thaarn escaped . I suspect we have made another enemy . - A pity . - A pity ? A pity . It is intolerable ! There is insufficient room in the galaxy for his intellect and mine . I don 't know . He did have one redeeming feature . - He didn 't like computers . - Course for Xaranar laid in . Thank you , Zen . ( THEME MUSIC )
